BDSM Library - Harvest Of Tears - The Organization Series 4




Harvest Of Tears - The Organization Series 4
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The sequel to 2nd Chance, part of the Organization Series.
HARVEST OF TEARS

By ruthie[Phil]

(THE SEQUEL TO 2ND CHANCE, CONTINUING THE ORGANIZATION SERIES...)

CHAPTER 1

She must have missed her birthday by now - it felt so long even though she had
no idea what day or even time it was but this ordeal had surely lasted more than
a week.  Tears crept from the corners of her eyes as she thought of her poor
father - he must be frantic with worry and despair!  Caitlin shifted
uncomfortably and tried to cover more of her naked body with the tiny, rough
blanket.  Why do they have to keep me fettered like this?  Her fingers trailed
along the heavy steel links - how many times had she counted them?  Eighteen
links between each ankle cuff, eleven between her wrist cuffs and twelve between
her collar and the middle of the wrist chain.  It wasn't as if she could run
away - her only glimpse from the deck had been of sea in all directions with no
trace of land.  They had hosed her down first and sprayed right up inside her
aching pussy and ass.  Then she was half-carried, half-dragged from a container
in the ship's hold up on the deck and then to the Captain's quarters.  The other
crew had stared and laughed as she shamefully stumbled, totally naked and in
chains on her way to the stern of the ship.  Caitlin shuddered as her first
encounter with the brutal man flashed through her mind.  Her wrists were cuffed
up between her shoulders and locked to the back of her collar.  She had to stand
on tiptoes to avoid being choked by the short chain from the steel band around
her throat to a ring in the ceiling.  Caitlin would have begged for mercy but
the round thing strapped in her mouth prevented all speech even if he understood
English - anyway, he wasn't interested in what she had to say.  Then he had
touched her...

Even now, maybe days after the assault, tears welled up in Caitlin's eyes as she
recalled in awful detail how the Captain had fondled and groped her.  He had
rubbed, caressed and then crushed her breasts in his large hands, catching her
swollen nipples between his fingers as he squeezed so hard she howled.  It was
dreadful!!  When his hands wandered lower, she had tried to keep her legs
tightly together but he was too strong.  His fingers had worked their way into
the gap at the top of her thighs and began to push open her swollen pussy lips. 
With a wail of pain and despair, Caitlin gave up her useless resistance and
shuddered as he finger-fucked her vagina.  It was seared into her mind - how he
had masturbated her with expert indifference until she climaxed but then he
hadn't stopped!  Caitlin's body had betrayed her as wave upon wave of intense
ecstasy had overwhelmed her senses.  She was ashamed of how, in the throes of
multiple orgasm, she had thrust herself urgently against her abuser's hand.  

Her ordeal at the Captain's hands wasn't finished.  Fresh tears of shame and
revulsion streamed from Caitlin's eyes as she remembered how he had moved behind
her.  Then there was only shocking pain.  Ohh, it was dirty and disgusting!  He
had just ignored her pitiable screams and thrust his penis inside her ass.  His
hands had reached around to massage her nipples and her clitoris.  Caitlin wept
bitter tears of humiliation at the awful thought that she had climaxed despite
the pain in her behind.  He had laughed at her response and shot his cum deeply
up her back passage.  It was too much - she had lost control and wet herself. 
In a rage, the Captain had pulled the leather belt off his trousers and coiled
it round his fist.  How many times had he whipped her?  Caitlin looked
mournfully down at the fading red stripes that still latticed her pale body. 
She had never dreamed such pain could be felt or endured.  Caitlin had prayed
for unconsciousness to grant her merciful oblivion but she felt every stroke. 
And she had felt something else - something so dreadful it was almost too much
to bear.  At some point during the sustained beating, Caitlin had begun to
desire the sting of the belt!  She hadn't cum but it was so close, so very
close.  And he had known!  This evil brute of a man had stopped, smiled and
fingered her until she shook in the throes of another violent orgasm.  If he
hadn't supported her weakened, trembling body she would have choked in her
collar. 

Caitlin's mind was still reeling, even now.  What had she become?  How could she
feel this way when she was a prisoner in the hands of cruel abusers?  Instead of
being driven to utter despair, she had enjoyed it!  And that was too awful to
contemplate...

*****

He couldn't sleep.  The curled form of his slave faintly sighed in the crook of
his shoulder then nuzzled against his chest, making her wrist chain tinkle
softly.  Alexa's capacity for meeting his sexual needs was superb - she seemed
to sense exactly what he wanted and how she should respond without any
direction.  Her reaction to being kissed on her mouth was very gratifying, in
fact the first time he kissed her that way she had reverently touched her lips
and wept.  She was his slave - his own personal property and she was exquisite
in her devotion.  Yet...something was not right.

Was it the way she had to be kept away from the windows in the Center?  The way
she pressed hard against the glass and peered down in horrified fascination at
the sheer drop to the busy streets below?  That incident at the clinic after she
regained consciousness was chilling - somehow, despite her weakened condition,
Alexa had struggled out of her bed and opened the patio doors.  The orderly who
saved her as she swayed on the railing had only been alerted by the crash alarm
when she unhooked herself from the monitors.  It was as if his slave was
dangerously drawn to heights when she had previously been so terrified of even
being carried over a shoulder.

She moved again, innocent as a trusting child, sated by their intense lovemaking
and his total control over her pliant body.  Master Charles stared up in the
darkness and recalled her reaction earlier when a visiting foreign diplomat had
lost his temper with a house-slave who misunderstood his poor English, whipping
her until she whimpered and begged for mercy.  Little Alexa hadn't flinched at
the scene - no, her eyes had filled with rage and her cuffed hands had clenched
violently as she witnessed the man excessively punish her sister until her
master had finally intervened.  Master Charles wondered if his slave realized
just how close to execution she had been.  Had the Vice President not cast his
vote in favor, Alexa would have been throttled immediately.  But the slightest
aggression or resistance towards a master, guard or guest would bring instant
death to his slave.  He carried a wire garrote at all times in case she had to
be killed - she was HIS slave and HE would be the one to carry out the sentence
if required.  Master Charles' thoughts drifted to his childhood and to the
fateful day when, aged 10, he had found his beloved dog lying wounded in the
ditch after being knocked down by a truck.  Somehow, despite her weight, he had
carried her the mile to the farmhouse and cried out for his father's help.  But
his father had taken one look at the matted fur and the blood that had drenched
Charles' clothes then brought out and a hunting rifle.  Charles would never
forget how he had been given the rifle and told to end Bonnie's misery himself. 
"Pop, I just can't do it - I love her!  Please pop, will you..."

"No son, its because you love her that you HAVE to do this - make it a clean
shot through the head."  He had then waited for Charles to do a huge chunk of
growing up in an instant.  Charles felt his eyes dampen as he remembered the
last tender embrace with the pain-wracked bitch while she licked his hand, her
look of complete trust and love as he aimed the rifle, and of the recoil as he
squeezed the trigger.  If Alexa had to be put down, it was only right that he
should do it.  She stirred and kissed the side of his chest.  Master Charles
grasped his slave's ponytail and guided her down to his growing erection.  She
immediately responded with her lips and tongue, eagerly caressing him with her
mouth.  He stroked her head as she served him, wondering what her life must be
like since her ordeal.  Apart from her savage treatment at Miller's hands and
the loss of her voice, his little slave had experienced more than anyone should
have to bear - she had been traumatized to the point where she was mentally shut
down.  Only the Afghani slave, Guljana, had been able to penetrate the wall
around Alexa's tortured mind.  He had given Alexa paper and pencil to write or
draw what she felt but she hadn't made a single mark - what had she seen? 
Judging by the mutilated remains of that girl they had found in the secret room
next to the lift gear, Alexa had seen far too much!

Master Charles gasped in pleasure as his slave brought him to satisfying relief. 
"Good girl, good little Alexa!"  He pulled her up until she was facing him. 
"What you need, my dear slave is a little vacation."  She smiled and licked a
tiny dribble of semen from the side of her mouth.  "And I don't mean Antigua
again - we have a standing invitation to stay with Rosario at her country
retreat."  Her brow furrowed briefly then she smiled again - a strange reaction. 
"Rosario is very taken with you and in the interests of good relations with the
Family, I can hardly turn up without her ward, can I?"  A slight shake of her
head and averted eyes.  "Slave, CAN I?"  Alexa looked up, shook her head
properly then rested it on his chest.  "COME HERE."  As they kissed, he slid his
hand between their bodies and began to massage her clit, making her squirm with
excited arousal...

*****

"Are you absolutely sure about this, Senator?  It is STILL a war zone - leave
her with me while you're away!"

The Senator looked down at Leroy's slave.  The Latino girl was muzzle-gagged and
kneeling on all fours in a tightly buckled body harness.  Leroy adjusted a
remote control, making her moan and shudder as her continuous pre-orgasmic
arousal was stepped up to a higher intensity.  A leather strap secured the
ultrasonic probes in the unfortunate girl's cunt and ass and he could clearly
see the rhythmic contractions in her sensitive flesh.  "Leroy, your new little
slut is absolutely sopping!"

His companion smiled.  "Yeah, Gina's coming along just fine, isn't she?  But
you're trying to change the subject Mister Senator - Guljana's not ready to be
let out unchained and Afghanistan's just not safe!"

"Perhaps, Leroy but I have to go back on Senate business and I am not prepared
to leave her behind after the last time."  He omitted to say that he desperately
needed to occupy himself, to take his mind off what had happened to his
daughter.  After their short telephone conversation, there had been no further
contact.  Discrete enquiries to her college indicated she had suddenly taken a
sabbatical and had left no forwarding address.  It was as if Caitlin had
disappeared off the face of the earth...

"Yeah but Miller's dead - I was there when it happened.  I found his body on the
roof, remember."  He sighed and frowned.  "When I think of the number of slaves
and potential slaves that fucking bastard destroyed it makes me sick.  We still
don't know what happened - maybe he DID lose his balance when he was torturing
Charles' slave but I reckon there's more to it than that..."

"What do you mean, Leroy - that he was pushed?"  He glanced down at the softly
moaning girl.  She was trying not to show her distress at being kept on the very
edge of cumming but it showed in the tremors that ran through her thighs and the
way her toes kept curling and uncurling.  This 'Gina' was a fascinating
contradiction - a pretty, young hooker who was a remarkably accomplished artist
and who had rescued his friend's slave from the dangerous streets of New York. 
"Surely you don't think Alexa could have made him fall - she was barely alive
when the helicopter winched her up."

"Umm, yeah," Leroy absently took hold of Gina's ponytail and began to force her
head up and back.  "But her harness was nearly torn through and it should have
easily held her small body.  And what about those scratches on her legs?  You
can't tell me she had enough strength to snap the steel links between her ankle
cuffs.  No," he twisted the weeping Latino's face up towards his own, "I reckon
that slave did us all a big favor and she's not letting on what REALLY happened
that night!"  He leaned down and looked into Gina's tear-filled eyes then
whispered.  "And as for you, SLAVE-SLUT, don't you EVER insult me by trying to
fake an orgasm again - do you think we're stupid?  DO YOU?"  The sobbing girl
mewed frantically, half-maddened by her extremely aroused state.  "Do you want
to cum, slave?"

"E-e-ess, p-p-plssss!"  She tried to beg with her eyes, to make this powerful
man see that she was sorry for lying and to please, please let her reach the
climax that was so tormentingly close!

"Not yet, slave - you haven't quite learned your lesson."  Gina howled in misery
and beat her cuffed fists on the carpet in agonized frustration.  "So, Senator,
when do you leave for Kabul?"

The Senator grinned at the skilful way Leroy was keeping the slave in the throes
of desperate arousal.  Despite her best efforts, Gina's piteous mewing was
becoming so loud he had to raise his voice.  "Oh, tomorrow - but I must say
goodbye to my dau..." He fell silent, suddenly rising and muttering about seeing
to an urgent matter he had forgotten.

Leroy watched the man go and shook his head.  What would HE have done in the
Senator's position - would have had enough nerve to trade his daughter for a
slave?  But Guljana had proved to be not just any slave - she was someone's
daughter too...and her father was one of the most powerful men in Russia.  He
studied the remote control in his hand and looked down at the shuddering,
keening slave.  He turned the dials to the lowest settings, ignoring the abject
wails of despair as Gina realized she was being denied relief.  After a few
moments, he reached down and patted her on the head then suddenly twisted the
dials to maximum.  With a shocked yelp, Gina collapsed on the carpet and writhed
in ecstatic agony as her body convulsed in the most powerful orgasm she had ever
experienced. 
"UUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!" 
Gina gasped for breath before another wave cascaded through her senses. 
"OOOOOOOOOOOOOOHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"  Mercifully, Leroy
stepped down the ultrasonics until she finally lay still, shattered by her own
reaction. 

When he held his hand to her face, she instinctively pushed her cheek against it
then immediately pulled back to stare at his outstretched palm.  What am I
DOING?  This bastard has pushed me beyond my limits and I h-hate him!  N-n-no,
I-I...  Her instincts fought against her mind - her body won.  She nuzzled
eagerly again against Leroy's, no MASTER Leroy's fingers and gloried in what had
just happened.  Something inside her had just changed.  Instead of feeling
terribly alone and against the world, she felt strangely contented
and...fulfilled!

*****

Guljana searched her beloved Senate-Master's face with concern.  He was so
troubled but he was hiding what was wrong from her.  Perhaps she wasn't good
enough for him or he was tired of her.  Perhaps... "Well, my pretty slave - how
do you like your outfit?" 

She looked at herself in the full-length mirror and smiled for him.  "It is so
strange, my Master - is like to a man's clothing, like to a soldier!"  She had
put on the cotton undergarments and struggled with the little harness for her
breasts until the laughing guard who supervised her had shown her how to fasten
the 'brah' behind her back.  Then the dull green vest and long trousers with the
shirt sewn together - a 'jumpsoot' came next.  The 'jumpsoot' had one of those
long fasteners like the close-fitting costume Alexa wore when they first met. 
It shut all the way to her neck.  The boots were heavy and strange on her feet
and the little hat with the hole for her ponytail made her look like a boy! 
"Please, my Master - what is a 'USAF' to mean?"

He grinned and came over to stroke her cheek.  "Never mind - you look great! 
Now for some exciting news...we fly to Afghanistan in a few hour's time - you're
going back to Kabul with me!"

Guljana's face fell.  "Uh, I am not to have been at Kabul before, Master."  She
was so ashamed.  Until her capture by the troops from the Talib, she had never
been farther than from her own village to Kandahar - less than 20 miles.  He
will think me so stupid and ignorant!  "Th-this mean we to go in...in a jet,
Master?"  Her lip was trembling.

"Guli, you'll be with me all the way.  Don't be frightened - you are too
precious to me to be left here.  You are my 'slave-jewel' and I want you near at
all times."  She fell to her knees and embraced his legs, sobbing how she loved
him and would go through fire for her Master if he demanded...

*****

...funny metallic taste...am I moving or is, is the cage going round? 
I-I...m-my name...what's my name?  Caitlin - is that my name?  T-the other
girl's crying again  - can hear her b-but can't see her - why is she screaming?  
Stop it, s-stop it, please don't h-hurt the girl..anymore...
Hurt me too...the needle, my thigh's so s-sore - am I sick? Dizzy...f-floor
s-sliding up???...  I w-want daddy...
Gonna w-wake up s-soon n'everythings gonna b-be okay...
ev'rything'sss gonna...
uhh gonna...
s-sleepy...
s-s...
...
..
.




HARVEST OF TEARS

CHAPTER 2

He just couldn't take his eyes away.  She was absolutely beautiful, with her
thick, blonde hair and dusky olive skin.  And that trusting but slightly
quizzical expression when she smiled - as if she was puzzled by something. 
"What is you wish to...err 'for', my Senate Master?"  She had noticed him
staring at her and had shyly put her hand to her cheek, lowering her eyes
self-consciously. 

The Senator leaned across and gently pulled her arm down then lifted her chin
with his finger.  "I want to look at you, slave."  His soft voice made her blush
- her eyes flickered and looked shiny.  Such a beautiful creature.  And she is
mine, my own slave!  The light streaming through the cabin window as the
military jet tore across the Atlantic sky caught the highlights in her hair. 
Strange - how hadn't he noticed before the faint reddish hue within the golden
strands?  And those large, deep dark eyes - almost elfin in their almond
shape...

"Please, my Senate-Master, can a slave ask what she is to do in Kabul?"  Her
master's steady gaze was un-nerving, as if she was being stripped naked to her
soul.  But he was smiling, even though his eyes betrayed a huge sadness that
chilled her heart.  He had been very kind and held her hand when the jet lifted
up and left the ground far behind.  And she had managed not to make too much
noise when she was nearly overwhelmed by fear.  How could she tell him how
terrified she was, or that she had a feeling of deep dread - as if something
awful was going to happen?  Only her mother had known she shared with her the
Sight - and she had made her promise never to reveal it...'or they will hunt us
both down as demons, Guli'.  Her mother's warning still rang in her ears.

"Are you listening to me, slave?  Did you hear a word I just said?"  His voice
sounded cross but his eyes were twinkling with humor. 

"Ohh, ohh please forgive a foolish slave, Senate-Master!  She w-was rembring -
uhh, 're-member-ing' to her..." she couldn't think of the English word "...her
'child-time'."

He placed a hand on her thigh, noticing how the material of her jumpsuit had
delightfully ridden up until the seam dug between her pussy lips.  "You mean
'childhood'.  I was saying you will be my translator - and you will advise me
what your people REALLY think, rather than what they want us Americans to
believe."  The words he used were hard to follow but she just nodded and smiled
anyway.  She would find out later.

An older man in uniform suddenly leaned right across her, making her jump. 
"You're a goddam dark horse, Senator - how come none of my staff get to look
like this lil' lady?"

"Hello, General - maybe that's because politics is about image while the
military is about substance!" 

The stranger grinned and peered down at Guljana's ID badge.  "What in
tarnation's this 'Protocol Advisory Agency' you belong to, Miss...?"  He was
waiting for her answer!  What should she say?

"Ahh, sorry General but that's highly classified information on a strict
'need-to-know' basis - meaning no offence."  The Senator winked conspiratorially
at the high-ranking officer who seemed equally fascinated by the rise and fall
of Guljana's well-endowed bosom.

"Okay, no offence taken."  He saluted the young woman who feebly raised her hand
in return then he nodded pleasantly to the Senator before walking down the
aisle, muttering to himself.  Huh - 'classified' my goddam ass.  One thing's for
sure - she's definitely got to be Air Force with a lousy salute like that!

*****

Caitlin was hazily aware of a painfully bright light shining in her right eye. 
She couldn't speak, she couldn't move but she could feel the man's hand roughly
turning her head from side to side and the horrible sound of him sniggering. 
With extreme concentration, she could move her eyes a little but her vision was
blurry.  Where was she?   The horrible laughter came closer and a face loomed
over her own.  Ohh my God NO - he's wearing a surgeon's mask!  "You hear me? 
You...waken, da - yes?  So..." he chuckled harshly and held up a large, metal
syringe.  "Now I start!"

Nooooo!!!  He was doing something down below her waist, below her belly button
on the left side...AAAIIIIHHHHH!!!!!  P-pain, PAIN a-and I c-can't SCREAM!  All
she could manage was a sharp, ragged gasp.  Although she was paralyzed, she
could feel EVERYTHING!  He looked up at the noise at took a firm grip of her
scalp, dragging her head forward.  "You like look?  You like SEE?"  In agonized
horror, Caitlin forced herself to focus on the broad needle that had punctured
her skin.  He was going to inject her with something deep inside her belly on
the left.  But what...ohh my God!  M-my OVARY!  Ohh God it HURTS, it H-HURTS!!! 
He was plunging the end of the syringe down!  "You thank me later, Yankee bitch. 
See?  No more bloods or childs - no more bitch-bleeds!"  Ohh dear God!  What did
this horrible man mean?  WHAT HAS HE DONE TO ME?

Whatever had been used to drug her had rendered Caitlin unable to move but
acutely sensitive to every vile, horrid touch by the man who gleefully violated
her body.  Again, he drove the thick needle into her belly but now on the right
side.  Again, she gurgled in agony, unable to prevent drool escaping from her
slack mouth.  "Is done!"  He had pulled off the mask and was beaming down at
her.  "So," he slapped her face experimentally to see if she had regained any
muscle control.  "We have time yet.  We have time to...PLAY!"  He watched her
face as he slowly pushed his hand up between her thighs.  Caitlin would have
screamed in pain if it was possible - he was forcing his rough fingers into her
un-lubricated vagina.  What was he doing now?  What was he holding a pair of
pliers???  Ohhh NO, NO, NOOOOOO.....

*****
Even the gates were imposing.  As the limo slipped past the heavy security and
sped up the long drive, Alexa tried to calm her nerves and looked for
reassurance from her beloved master.  He didn't even turn his head but
automatically wound her leash chain round his fist until her head was forced
down to his lap.  She sighed and shivered slightly when his strong fingers
worked their way between her collar and the back of her neck.  Alexa reveled in
the sweet pressure of the steel band against her throat.  But it was so unfair! 
How could she ever tell him she loved him when her voice had been stolen
by...by....ohh she could hardly even THINK of Miller without shuddering in
revulsion as the overwhelming horror of her experiences in that beast's hands
engulfed her mind!

Master Charles felt his slave's body tense up and stroked her head with his free
hand.  She had come on so well since he had witnessed the paramedics fighting to
sustain her life on the roof of the tower.  He had personally carried her limp
body to the helicopter and accompanied her to the clinic theater.  Yet he had
been torn between the stark choice of saving her only to be crippled by her
horrific ordeal or mercifully helping her to die and put an end to her
suffering.  He had let her live for a second time and was still unsure why.  
His thoughts drifted to his last conversation with Alexa's first master. 
Stephen had been dying but had told him that she had been "the best slave a
master could ever wish to own".  He had continued.  "Charles, do me one last
favor - see to her personally when I'm gone."  Had he betrayed his friend by
claiming the girl?  Would Stephen have understood?  Another question welled up
in his mind - it would have been preposterous in the past but now it seemed very
important...had he betrayed Alexa by taking her off the gallows and
resuscitating her?  Had he only extended her suffering by letting her live?

His fingers gripped her long ponytail.  "Don't be afraid, my little slave -
Rosario has told me how delighted she is that we are visiting."  He chucked and
gently patted her head.  "In fact, she sounded even more pleased when I
confirmed you were coming too!"  Alexa's small hand reached for the zipper of
his suit trousers.  "No slave, not now - we are nearly there.  Guy?"  The older
man in front next to the driver turned round.  "I want you to keep a very close
watch on my slave whenever I am otherwise occupied.  Keep her safe but if she
breaks the Council's ruling on her suspended death sentence she must be killed
immediately!"  The smile on Alexa's face froze as a chill ran down her spine. 
She looked up in fear at the guard while her master pulled her hands together
behind her back and secured her cuffs together with a padlock.  But when Guy
glanced down and met her eyes it wasn't with a look of cold indifference - it
was with pity!  He looked back at her master, nodded in silence then turned back
to watch the road.  Before she had time to dwell on the stark reminder that she
was alive only because the Council had been partly swayed by the pleas of a
sister-slave, the limo had drawn up outside Rosario's country home.

"Charles - such a pleasure!"  Alexa couldn't help gaping in wonder at seeing
Rosario again.  The stunningly pretty and elegantly dressed young woman had
gracefully taken her master's hand and was kissing his cheek!  Rosario looked
down, dimpled a smile and beckoned her up from the limo's floor.  "Now now,
don't be shy little Alexa - I mean 'little slave'."  Rosario smiled in obvious
relish at using this description.  She patted her black, silk-clad thigh with a
manicured hand, as though she was coaxing a frightened animal out of its cage. 
Alexa looked down in shame at her own rough tabard made from plain sack-cloth
then back at the beautifully tailored lines of Rosario's mandarin-collared
dress.  The woman must despise her!  She held back until her master impatiently
snapped his fingers then dashed to kneel at his side.  But it was Rosario who
picked up her leash chain and gently led her into the vast entrance of the
mansion.  The marble floor was cool under her bare feet, while Rosario's high
stiletto heels echoed in the hallway.  She was so poised and immaculate it made
Alexa feel even more clumsy and inadequate.  She wanted to run back to her
master, to hide, to get away from all these people and their 'outside' lives. 
She didn't trust Rosario but wasn't sure why.  Anyway, why WAS she being so nice
to her?  Why would a rich, beautiful young woman who could have anything she
wanted bother with a plain, damaged slave who had let both her masters down by
surviving?  Ohh, she shouldn't be HERE, she shouldn't be...alive!

Charles carefully observed how Rosario was handling his slave, ready to
intervene at the slightest sign of trouble.  There was such an extreme contrast
between them.  Rosario was one of the most powerful women in the US - confident,
elegant and impeccably dressed in expensive high heels and a short, pure silk
dress that must have cost a fortune.  His slave was padding beside her barefoot,
slightly cowed with her hands fettered and body barely covered in coarse cloth. 
And yet they were equally beautiful in their different ways.  He could see from
the way Alexa's hands were twisting and clenching that she was agitated.  But
when she turned to seek him out, her expression was so pained, so haunted that
he felt a surge of anger.  DAMN you, Miller!  You've wounded Alexa so badly and
I don't know how to heal her!  He caught up with them, listening to Rosario's
light voice as she chatted amiably to Alexa as if they were old friends.   "Ohh
and you simply MUST try the pool - so beautiful at night with the underwater
illumination.  And then there's the music room...and we have our own private
cinema!"  A maid suddenly rushed out from a side door, carrying fresh linen and
nearly collided with Alexa.  His slave immediately cringed in abject fear and
hid behind Rosario for protection - good!  But the maid, who was about Alexa's
age and build just stood looking at his slave with her mouth open and gaping
eyes.  "You silly girl!  You nearly knocked over my guest!"  (No, she hadn't.) 
"Haven't you got WORK to do instead of rudely staring like that?"  (Good -
Rosario is protecting my slave.)  "Run along, Maria and DON'T let me catch you
being disrespectful again...unless you want to wear a collar like Alexa here!"  
The maid gasped and involuntarily reached up to her throat. (Hmm...interesting
reaction - fear, envy or BOTH?)  Then the unthinkable occurred.  As Rosario
turned to soothe Alexa with her hand, his distressed slave reacted by BITING her
fingers!  Master Charles rushed forward but Rosario immediately slapped his
slave across her face and forced her down to crouch with her head on the floor.  
The maid, Maria, squealed and ran for cover.

"Rosario, I don't know what came over my slave!"  He took the leash chain from
her grasp and examined her hand.  "The skin isn't broken but that was
unforgivable!"  He scowled down at the terrified creature at his feet.

"No, no - I am to blame.  I expected too much too quickly.  Your slave is not
yet comfortable here."

"Nevertheless, she must be punished and quickly.  Is there a nearby room I can
use?"  He yanked hard on the chain, forcing Alexa to rise.

"The wine cellar is through that door.  But Charles," she smiled, "It really was
nothing."

He nodded in gratitude and hauled Alexa over to the door.  "I have been putting
this off for sometime - perhaps I have been too lenient when firmness is
required."  He looped the leash chain under her wrists and pulled it, forcing
her arms higher up her back.  "Please excuse me - I have a slave to
chastise...SEVERELY!"




HARVEST OF TEARS

CHAPTER 3

He was so swift - she could barely run with her arms twisted up her back.  Alexa
would have cried out in pain but she could only gasp as her furious master
hauled her along with one hand fiercely gripping her ponytail and the other hand
painfully clamped round both of her thumbs.  They were in a cool, dimly lit
room.  It had racks of bottles from the floor to the high vaulted ceiling.  He
forced her down, making her kneel on the hard, cold floor.  A slim wire flashed
in front of her eyes - something was digging into her neck, squeezing just
behind her jaw!  It was getting tighter...she couldn't breathe!  This is the end
- Master's going to kill me now!!! 

But he didn't pull the garrote harder.  Instead, he bent down and whispered
harshly in her ear.  "Do you have ANY idea how damned CLOSE to death you are,
slave?  If you had pulled that stunt in the Center or the Ranch you would be in
a body bag by now and on your way for cremation - Is that what you want?  Do you
really want me to end your life like THIS?"  As he slackened the wire just
enough to let her inhale, Alexa choked out an anguished sob of utter despair. 
He was momentarily stunned - had she really just NODDED?  Master Charles relaxed
his hold and watched helplessly while his slave folded herself into a tight ball
on the floor.  It was so awful to listen to her barely audible cries, to see her
tears of utter misery, to witness how she was trying to bang her head on the
tiled floor.  And he didn't know what to do for her.   The only thing he could
offer was a swift, merciful death...but something wasn't right about executing
her - it didn't FEEL right.  "Hey, my Alexa - my little slave!  Don't...you
don't punish yourself - that's a master's...Ahh!"  Master Charles went from
helpless confusion to shocked understanding in that very moment.  Of COURSE! 
She NEEDS this!  He knelt down and scooped her up in his arms, rocking her
gently as he wiped the tears from her face.  "Alexa, my dear little slave,
listen to me.  I understand what is happening to you - you are still in trauma,
still in delayed shock."  She wept and pressed her face into his chest.  Master
Charles looked down in turmoil at this desperately vulnerable creature.  He felt
an overwhelming sense of responsibility for her.  He didn't want to admit to
another, deeper feeling.  No, not...love - it had hurt too much last time and
Laura's death during childbirth had nearly driven him mad with grief over the
double loss.  No, she's only a slave - my sweet, precious slave - but there can
be no room for love...

Guy was standing in the doorway.  He didn't say a word but nodded in
understanding as he surveyed the scene.  "Guy, will you bring the some of the
equipment please - portable gantry, suspension cuffs, bars and trainer rod, the
discipline kit and...a 20 mil ampoule of Sensory Enhancer."

"Sir, can she take 20 mils?  Surely her heart..." Guy knew how dangerous the
powerful cocktail of adrenalin-based nerve agents could be if the dose was too
high.  And Master Charles' slave was much smaller and slighter of build than
most of the other girls.

"Guy, she HAS to be re-broken - I have to take Alexa beyond her limits and I do
know the risks."  He kept stroking his weeping slave's head and held her until
Guy returned and began to assemble the frame of the suspension gantry.  Removing
her cuffs and the plain, brown dress that was her only clothing, he smiled and
held her face so she had to look into his eyes.  "Alexa - you have to trust me
with your pain.  Can you accept that?"  He was rewarded by a tiny, whispered
'yes' - the first word she had uttered since coming round in Intensive Care so
many weeks ago.  He lifted her up and patted her head.  "I have been too
neglectful, my little pain-slut!"  He grinned encouragingly down at her.  "This
is going to hurt beyond anything you have ever felt, slave.  Do you understand
the reason why?" 

She looked down and whispered very faintly.  "Y-yes M-master!  Th-thank Y-you
M-master."  Guy had finished assembling the frame and was laying out various
items on the floor.  She stared in fear at the horrible sight of a hollow ball
gag with a long, curved tube sticking out at the back.  There were stiff,
leather suspension cuffs for her wrists and ankles, a matching posture collar,
spreader bars, a multi-stranded flogger and...a TAWSE!  Alexa hated the tawse -
the broad leather strap had a split along its length and hurt even worse than a
crop.  It reminded her of her awful childhood when she had tried to tell her
alcoholic mother about being abused by the lodger but had been severely whipped
with a tawse for 'telling filthy lies'.  She stared up at the single arm of the
metal gantry that would bear her weight while she hung for punishment.  A
mixture of conflicting emotions raced through her mind as her master began to
massage her body with oil in preparation for the flogging.  She felt intense
fear mingled with a sense of relief.  Her Beloved Master had called her a 'pain
slut' but she didn't actually enjoy pain - it was just something she needed
although it didn't make her happy on its own...

"Hold out your hands, slave - palms up with fingers and thumbs straight!"  He
took hold of her left wrist, paused then surprised her by suddenly kissing her
gently on her forehead.  "Remember, you must trust me, my sweet slave."  Ohh she
DID!  Ohh her heart was bursting with intense feelings of trust and love for
this man who was about to make her better through suffering.  She felt suddenly
shy and her cheeks burned as she blushed and smiled up at her master's face.

The first blow of the tawse across the pads of her left fingers caught her
unaware.  Her hand really HURT!  Before she could even cry, a second blow lashed
across her palm!  He waited for her first shocked sob before applying the tawse
length-ways along her reddening skin.  A silent shriek whispered from her
trembling mouth as the excruciating third lash seared into her throbbing hand! 
She wanted to cradle her poor fingers, to tuck them under her arm but he had
taken hold of her right wrist.  Moments later, both her hands felt as if they
were on fire!  She sank to her knees and tried to shake her hands to gain any
relief from the awful pain.  Master Charles ignored her distressed weeping and
securely buckled each poor hand in a suspension cuff and attached them to the
ends of a wide, spreader bar.  "Get up, slave!"  She watched in mute dismay as
the center ring of the spreader bar was fitted to the end of the chain dangling
from the gantry's arm.  He nodded to Guy who began to turn the winch handle! 
With each click, her arms were raised higher, lifting her aching hands above her
head - intensifying the dreadful pain in her swollen fingers.  Soon, she could
only reach the floor with her toes!

"Open your mouth, Alexa.  This will stop you biting or swallowing your tongue!" 
She whimpered as the flexible tube of the horrible airway passed between her
lips.  "Remember to swallow when you feel you are going to gag!"  He rotated the
tube, as it forced deeper down past her tongue.  There was an unpleasant moment
when she felt as she was going to be sick then it passed and the sudden memory
of the airway after she had been saved from execution flashed through her mind. 
But this was different - the large, rounded end forced her jaws apart,
preventing her from damaging her teeth, tongue or lips during what was going to
follow.  Her hands ached so badly, her throat hurt and the stiff posture collar
he had buckled round her neck was forcing her head back.  He was lifting up her
left leg by her ankle, bending her knee to fit the ankle suspension strap.  No -
OHH NO, HE WASN'T GOING T-TO........AIIIIIIIIIIIIEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!

If she could have screamed, now would be the time!  Alexa shook as her master
applied the tawse to the sole of her foot - first the ball, then the heel,
then...her tender instep!  Fresh tears of incredible agony poured from her
trembling face.  T-too much P-PAIN!  He had let go but she couldn't bear to put
her foot down.  She tried to stay on her right leg but he was gripping her
ankle!  He forced up her foot and administered the same, harsh treatment to her
right sole - after he released her ankle, Alexa was half-hanging, half-dancing
and shaking in terrible discomfort every time she touched the floor.  Once the
ankle cuffs and spreader bar were secured to her feet, only her arms supported
her whole weight.  But she actually felt relieved - the dull ache in her
shoulders and chest was much more bearable than even brushing the ground with
her bruised feet.  She felt herself being winched higher but the ankle cuffs
were pulling her legs taut.  Alexa understood that her master had secured the
center ring of the bar between her ankles to the gantry's base.  She was hanging
under tension, unable to swing or pull up her fully splayed body but she was
also fully exposed and easily rotated for punishment.   Nothing seemed to happen
for a minute or two.  Was this her punishment?  How long would he leave her
hanging like this?  Her arms were beginning to hurt with the tension in her
body.  She tried to see where her master had gone but the collar was too high
and she couldn't turn...

Fire lashed across the back of her left thigh!  Th-the TAWSE!  Another strip of
burning pain erupted across the back of her right thigh...her left buttock was
next...then her right buttock...then - NNNNOOOOOO!!!  As the tawse made swift,
accurate contact up between her legs, she lost her last vestige of control.  In
a sudden rush of shame and misery, Alexa peed herself.  "Well then, dirty slut -
so much for your only dress!"  She heard her master using the dull, coarse
garment as a mop then he kicked the sodden remains across the floor.  "That must
mean you are ready for me to begin, slave..." BEGIN???  Th-there's MORE???  He
was holding a long, metal rod.   It had a short, narrow crosspiece at one end,
like a cruel travesty of a saddle.  While she watched wide-eyed, her master
began to screw a large dildo onto the 'saddle' - it looked HUGE!  Alexa squirmed
and tried to look away but he had picked up ANOTHER dildo and was fitting it
behind the first one.  He was adjusting the rod's length - he was pushing it up
between her...UUUUUHHHHH!!!!!!!  Both dildoes found their targets, both began to
drive deeper, both b-began t-t-to V-V-V-VIBRATE!!!  As her senses reeled from
the erotic waves of pleasure-pain in her cunt and ass she became aware of a
cool, stinging feeling at the tip of her left breast.  Guy had come over and was
swabbing her nipples with a sterile wipe!  He reached down and swabbed her clit,
making her hiss in response to the cold touch.  Now her master was standing
behind Guy - he was squeezing a syringe vertically to expel all the air from the
long needle.  She couldn't escape, couldn't beg for mercy...couldn't stop him
pulling her nipple ring to stretch out her breast, couldn't stop him pushing the
needle into her nipple...c-couldn't s-stop t-the P-PAIN!  The drugs took
immediate effect - her whole breast felt as if a million hot pins were
constantly stabbing into her flesh.  He was pushing the needle into the tip of
her other breast - AAAAAAAHHHH!!!!  Her chest was heaving in agony.  He was
crouching down, the needle...OHH!!!  Alexa would have howled but nothing came
out of her gagged mouth but a ragged exhalation.  Searing pain coursed through
her freshly injected labia.  Then the worst feeling she had EVER experience
began to burn in the front of her cleft -Alexa shuddered in disbelief - her
master was injecting her clit with the savage cocktail!  Through the haze of
agony, she felt a tiny jerk.  They were lowering her!  Her body sank down on the
tingling shafts until her inflamed clit made contact with the narrow
cross-member.  Alexa gurgled in dreadful torment.  She couldn't take this much
pain!  He wasn't punishing her - he was TORTURING her and it was going to kill
her!  Alexa twisted and grunted in despair - her own master had betrayed her -
he meant her to die all along and he was making sure she suffered incredibly
first.  He was rotating her until she was facing the gantry.  He had picked up
the flogger!  He was fastening a blindfold firmly over eyes.  She couldn't see,
could only hear the hammering of her heart, only feel the crescendo of pain
searing through her breasts and cunt.  After an eternity, the stinging lashes
began to curl across her back, gently at first but every so often a random blow
was at full force!  Alexa couldn't stand this - he must hate me so much!  He
wants me to die in pain!  He, uuuuhhh, h-he....OOOHHH S-STOP THE H-HURT!!! 
I-I-I'M D-DYING!!!...

*****

She cupped her hands and reverently stared at the cascade of sweet, warm water
that ran over her fingers.  Her silence was noted.  "Guljana, is there a problem
with the shower?"  Her beloved Senate-Master was standing at the door.  "Look,
you haven't turned it on properly - that is just a trickle!"  He reached in and
pressed a button.  Jets suddenly shot out against her chest, belly and thighs,
making her squeal in surprise.  She chuckled in an endearingly child-like way
and turned completely around, letting the force of the sprays reach every part
of her body.  Yet she still looked so pensive and somehow sad.  "Is wonderful
lovely my Senate-Master.  Truly wonderful b-but..."

"But?"  He watched her running her hands over her bare, slender frame - he would
never have enough of just looking at the wonder of his slave's body.  MY slave -
she is MINE!

"Uhh b-but is so much clean water in this shower - m-my village...this much
water is treasure!"  She looked at him and then covered her mouth - had she just
offended his generosity?

"Ahh, you are a good slave - you care for others who have less than yourself. 
Guli, one day there will be water for everybody - now those religious bastards
have been driven out of your country!"  He paused.  "Talking of religion...when
we came in to land, when the plane was in total darkness on the approach, I
heard you praying."

She stood there in the powerful jets, uncertain what to say.  "It, uhhh, it is
allow a s-slave?"

"Of course you are allowed...but I majored in Ancient History, little Guli." 
She looked confused.  "You weren't praying in your dialect - it was much older,
like...Avestani."  His slave was becoming alarmed but still didn't move.  "You
aren't really Pashtun, are you?  Your mother - where was she from?  Was
she...Parsi?" 

Her reaction was immediate and startling.  "Ohhh PLEASE not to tell not any
person, PLEASE, PLEASE my Senate-master!!!"  She was out of the shower in an
instant, begging on her knees now and absolutely terrified.  "Is not to tell -
s-slave is much bad dangers!"  She had been repeatedly warned since she was tiny
NEVER to reveal that her family weren't true followers of Islam.  If the village
elders had discovered their secret faith and family history, they would all have
been burned as witches.  Guljana had witnessed a burning once and the awful
sight had been etched into her mind.  The poor old widow had never shown her
anything except kindness, yet she had been denounced by the Mullah as a "bride
of Shaitan".  The woman's screams of agony through the flames haunted her still. 
They had even torn down their victim's hovel until not a single stone was left
and had ploughed salt into the cursed earth to prevent any plants from
flourishing on the spot.  Her Senate-master MUSTN'T know!  He mustn't
ask....ohhhh, it's happening again!  Ohhh n-no, n-not... 

Then he touched her.  Her mind was filled with flashes of pain, despair, flames,
and with the aching sound of a girl weeping in the darkness.  When the visions
came, Guljana was always terrified.  It only happened if she was frightened,
then whoever touched her sparked off a torrent of images about their futures. 
It had happened as one of the Talib guards had grabbed her when she went to beg
for drugs for her grandfather - she'd SEEN his bullet-ridden body slumped in the
sand then it had happened for real when the Marines ambushed the Talib truck. 
She'd SEEN Zia hanging in chains as her life seeped away...and now she was
SEEING her beloved Senate-Master sitting with his head in his hands next to a
still form draped in the flag of the USA!  And there was something else - a girl
was screaming in pain and fear in the darkness!  A girl called..."Khai-ti-leen! 
I-is much troubles!  Is very bad time...VERY BADS!"

"What...did you say?  Guli!  WHAT DID YOU SAY???"  The Senator was stunned - he
had never mentioned his daughter to Guljana.  How then did she know Caitlin's
name or what was happening to her?  He shook his slave but her eyes were wild
and she was trembling violently, as if gripped by shock.  My Caitlin - what had
happened to his daughter?  He had to contact Yasov - no, that would be wrong. 
How could he explain his need to find out about Caitlin?  Yasov would think he
was interfering, that he had reneged on his agreement that they exchanged
daughters.  The Russian would want Guljana back - NO!  He cradled his quaking
slave and waited until whatever had overcome her had passed.  But HOW did she
know Caitlin's name - he'd taken care never to tell Guljana anything about his
own family.  There was much, much more to his beautiful Afghani-Russian slave
than he had realized...

*****

Through a wall of agony, Alexa faintly heard the clinking of glass over the
steady, remorseless swishing of the whip as her Master stung every inch of her
skin with the lashes.  And then a voice - Rosario's voice!  "Thirsty work,
Charles - since you are in the wine cellar, refreshments are called for."  The
lashing stopped.  Alexa could hear the dull sound of a bottle being put on a
table and then the popping of a cork.  "I think you will like this vintage -
bottled by a Sicilian vineyard that now belongs to your own slave!" 

"You mean it is part of the Trust you are managing for Alexa?"  Her Master's
voice seemed amused!

"May I help with Alexa?  I do have some experience with the Cat."  There was a
pause, broken only by the sound of pouring.

"Rosario, please understand - she is my personal slave.  I will not share her."

"Ahh my dear Charles, I do not want to take her from you!  I like you far too
much to do that.  Anyway, I intend to have my own slave...and hope you might
help this to happen!   She was touching Alexa's shivering belly, gently
scratching her fingernails across her sensitized skin!  "How much more pain can
she - can YOUR slave take I wonder.  Alexa must be in complete agony, poor
thing."  Her sympathy sounded hollow.

"Very well Rosario, please take a turn but not too harshly to break the skin and
please avoid the face."  No, no, not by a woman - PLEASE!  He seemed to sense
Alexa's increased agitation.  "We will take turns with the flogger."   The
stinging thongs returned to her flesh.  Alexa twisted her head in torment. 
Clenching her fingers and toes proved to be a huge mistake as her tender hands
and feet screamed their pain through her nervous system.  She gasped at each
calculated blow, unable to stop her rhythmic contractions against the cruel
dildoes in her vagina and rectum.  She couldn't STAND this - it was too much! 
The thought of being punished by her Master AND by Rosario was awful!

During the torrent of lashes that danced across her sensitized skin, Alexa heard
their casual conversation as if her severe flogging was a matter of little
interest!  "That maid - Maria, wasn't it - she reacted...intriguingly when you
were bitten by my slave."  Master Charles paused to sip the fine vintage from
Alexa's vineyard.  "I have seen how you watch her, Rosario - are you grooming
her for slavery?  How did you come by her?"

Rosario laughed softly.  "Charles, Charles  - you don't miss a thing, do you? 
She IS a pretty little creature, isn't she?  And she is a payment for a debt."

"A debt?"  The whipping was increased with vigor across Alexa's buttocks and
thighs.  If she could have howled, her voice would have filled the wine cellar.

"Here, let me top up your glass.  And yes, she is mine...but she does not know
this yet.  You see, our little Belgian maid's fool of a father actually tried to
steal from the Family's overseas transfer account but he didn't expect me to
personally visit his bank and check the figures!  I threatened to tell my
grandfather -  Maria was security until the debt was repaid."

"Your grandfather does not know?"   Master Charles began to realize his hostess
was far more dangerous than she appeared.  His slave would soon be ready for the
next stage - she was no longer fighting the whip and her muscles were repeatedly
tightening against the vibrators on the thin ridge between her legs.

"Of course he knows!  Maria's father corrected the shortfall then he was
'cleaned' - but only AFTER she was delivered to me.  That way, the Family had
been repaid, grandfather had revenge, and I acquired a new toy to play with!" 
Yes, thought Master Charles - Rosario is a very dangerous, sadistic young woman. 
Beautiful, graceful and cultured...but calculating and cruel too. 

His slave was ready - it was time.  "We can continue our discussion later.  Do
you mind leaving us Rosario?  I need privacy for the next stage of Alexa's
punishment.  He was rewarded with a soft kiss on his cheek.  Rosario left with a
broad grin after patting Alexa's quivering body on her taut buttocks.  The winch
clicked, pulling Alexa up just enough to lift her cunt above the cruel bar.  Her
blindfold was removed.  She blinked in the painful light and reacted to the
pungent menthol tube her master was holding under nose.  "You are ready, slave." 
He was smearing the strong-smelling ointment onto the tips of his fingers.  He
lowered his hand.  His fingers slid inside...UUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUHHH!!!  The
stinging salve immediately took effect on her swollen labia and clit!

"LOOK AT ME!  Do NOT close your eyes, ALEXA!"  He was staring into her shocked
pupils.  His fingers were tormenting her to the brink of a massive, overwhelming
orgasm that frightened her with its urgent intensity.  She couldn't do this -
she wouldn't survive this much feeling.  S-she was g-going
into....UUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUURRRRRRRRRRRGGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!  "You
are MY slave...you are MINE, Alexa!  Your body responds to ME because I am YOUR
MASTER!"  Her body was taut in the throes of climax and her eyes were rolling
upwards as she hovered on the knife-edge of slave orgasm.  He reached up to
firmly grip her ponytail, forcing her attention back to his face.  "You were
MEANT to be a slave - you were MEANT to be MY slave, Alexa.  LOOK AT ME!"  He
tightened his grip and thrust harder with his fingertips, making her eyes widen
with extreme arousal.  "You are NOT worthless, slave...because I CHOOSE to own
you and that gives you all the value you need.  DO YOU UNDERSTAND ME?"  She
blinked rapidly, her eyes swimming with moisture then surrendered to the
indescribable feelings in her body.  "I keep you because you are FIT to be MY
SLAVE and because...I...love...you."  (Damn - I never meant to say that!  DAMN! 
Why in HELL did I tell her that?) 

But it had been both said and heard.  Alexa's reaction was overwhelming.  Her
pain-racked body convulsed in the throes of a violent orgasm, made all the more
poignant by her silent scream.  It seemed to last forever as she shuddered and
gasped for breath while tears cascaded down her cheeks.  Then it was suddenly
over.  He quickly removed the dildo saddle and lowered her limp body to the
floor, checking she was conscious before easing the breathing tube out of her
mouth.  She barely noticed being carried like a limp rag doll over his shoulder;
she didn't react when they met a goggle-eyed Maria on the staircase; she gave no
resistance as she was propped up in the large shower while her master washed
her.  But a change had come over her - he had broken her again, binding her to
him as his slave...and he'd said he LOVED her!  Alexa's mind reeled with a
chaotic jumble of feelings and sensations...he LOVES me!!!

Then he was gently laying her on a huge soft bed, securing her wrists in strong
leather cuffs behind her back.  He tethered her collar to the head of the bed
and replaced the blindfold.  "You will sleep now, my slave.  Guy will look in on
you but you will sleep now, understand?"  She nodded and curled up her legs but
he grasped her ankles.  "No, not like that."  She felt the cuffs being buckled
around her ankles and lower thighs.  He was pushing her knees open, fixing
something between them, keeping her thighs apart.  Her ankles were locked
together and he was pulling her feet down.  Alexa heard the unmistakable click
of a padlock and knew she couldn't pull her legs up.  Her master meant to keep
her fettered and open for His pleasure, and it made her feel incredibly safe and
desired...no, more than desired - she shivered as a warm feeling coursed through
her exhausted body.  Alexa, slave to her Beloved Master Charles, finally
felt...LOVED.

*****

Was she still dreaming?  The girl's voice in the darkness - gentle, soothing
noises.  Her head still ached as if she had been knocked out.  As Caitlin tried
to sit up, she realized the chains were still there.  And she felt so weak - and
very, very thirsty.  Her parched mouth tasted stale and metallic. 
"W-water...p-please, w-water..." She fell back, exhausted by the effort to
speak.  It wasn't a dream.  Somebody was holding a wet cloth to her lips, gently
squeezing the drops onto her cracked lips.  She licked the precious fluid and
weakly felt for her companion.  Her hand brushed a woman's bare breast. 
"Who...are you?"

The soft reply came from a young girl's Mexican-sounding voice.  "I am nobody,
I-I am dies and I am nobody at all!"  Caitlin lay quietly in the pitch darkness,
trying to absorb what the weeping girl meant.  Eventually, her crying subsided. 
"M-my name J-Juanita, I mean my name was...I w-was Juanita.  I come to USA with
my mama and papa.  They pay much, much dollar for me to come for operation. 
I...remember praying then holding m-mama's hand and counting backwards for the
doctors."  The weeping returned.  "Th-there is nothing else after.  I w-wake up
in this Hell!  I-I must been v-very bad person for God to punish me so much - I
must been d-dies and is my reward for being bad!"

The door of the container suddenly banged open and someone approached carrying a
torch.  He shone the beam directly into Caitlin's face, making her shield her
eyes in pain.  The man sniggered then played the light directly into Juanita's
pupils.  She didn't even flinch!  Caitlin gasped as she realized her companion
must be totally blind - the brutes must have tricked Juanita's parents into a
bogus operation, stealing their money AND abducting their beloved daughter! 
These men were vile monsters who would stoop to any despicable action.  The man
set down a bowl of horrible smelling soup.  "Is fit for filthy bitches, yes?" 
He suddenly opened his pants and started to masturbate over the bowl.  Caitlin
stared in mute horror as he actually CAME into the food then laughed and left
them alone in the container.  It was too much to bear - she broke down and cried
desperately in the renewed darkness for her father to rescue her...




Harvest Of Tears Ch4

- My master loves me!

She was woken from a dreamless sleep by the faintest touch on her hip.  Someone
had peeled down the sheet and was standing over her bed.  Alexa stirred and
adjusted her position as much as her fetters would allow.  With a struggle, she
was just able to turn over towards where she thought her master might be.  Her
blindfold totally blacked out all light so there no chance of seeing him.  He
had carefully removed the pillows so she wouldn't suffocate while she recovered
from the draining punishment that had brought her back to joyous slavery from
darkest despair. 

 - My master loves me!

The touch returned, higher now.  But was it her beloved master?  Surely he would
have said something to wake her.  Maybe it was Guy.  Although he frightened most
of the girls at New York Center, her dear sister-slave Guljana adored this
distant, aloof man and always beamed with pleasure in his presence.  Guy would
ruffle Guljana's hair, calling her 'little Pashtun' and this seemed to delight
her sister so much.  Ohh how she missed Guljana - their sweet reunion in Antigua
had been so special but so brief...


The hand slid over her body.  Somehow, Alexa sensed it was a woman's touch - was
it...Rosario?  The light, gentle fingers trailed over her still tender skin and
moved towards her breasts!  Her left nipple was softly pinched as whoever was
touching her explored and pulled on the pure gold ring that pierced her pink
bud.  The questing hand cradled her whole breast, fondling it in an unmistakably
feminine way - it HAD to be Rosario!  Why didn't she speak?  Why was
she...uhhhhh!  Her right breast was subjected to the same intimate examination. 
Alexa sighed - the sensual massage of her chest was turning her on!  The hand
slowly traced downwards over her belly.  Alexa flinched but the thigh spreader
prevented her from closing her legs.  What followed was one of the most gentle,
intensely erotic and deep stroking of her private parts she had ever felt! 
Rosario's touch was surprisingly tender, almost hesitant yet clear in its
purpose.  And it was driving Alexa wild!  She twisted and pulled against her
collar and ankle chains until she was on her back with her trembling thighs held
open by the spreader bar between her knees.  Newly emboldened fingers splayed
her moist petals to reveal her most sensitive point.  A thumb - was it a thumb?
- rubbing...UUUUUHHHH!!!!  Fingertips gently tugging on her clit ring;
fingertips massaging in circular motions at the entrance of
her...OOOOOOHHHHHH!!!!  Alexa writhed and tried to impale herself on Rosario's
sweet fingers.  She rocked and gasped in an ageless rhythm, perfectly matched by
the other woman's innate, knowing touch.  Please, ohh please touch my breasts! 
Her silent begging was answered by Rosario's tongue and lips on her left nipple. 
Only a woman would know that it makes me...OHHHHHH GODDDD I-I-I'M...

Voices!  Male voices outside the bedroom door...Rosario's hand was gone, leaving
her in agonizing frustration as her body screamed for sweet relief.  But she
couldn't reach, couldn't even squeeze her thighs together, and couldn't rub
where it mattered!  There was the softest click of a door - the bathroom?  Then
after a few moments she heard Guy's deep, throaty chuckle.  "You are supposed to
be asleep, slave!"  His strong hand pressed against her hot, frustrated cunt
then rubbed it against her mouth and nose - she could taste and smell her own
love-juice!  "Worked yourself into a fine lather, didn't you kid?  Might as well
leave this sheet off - you're just going to lose it again and you DO look kinda
hot!"  He rolled her over onto her side and finished with an abrupt swat on her
buttock, making her jump.  He bent down and whispered in her ear.  "Don't let us
down - you've got one of the best masters in the whole Organization and if you
fuck up here, you'll answer to him AND me, kid."  She shivered at the casually
spoken yet intensely chilling words.  "Oh, and I never got the chance to thank
you for taking out Miller, kid - saved me the trouble of wringing his ugly
neck!"  He stroked her hair, leaving her in utter confusion.  "Now get some
rest, kid."  How did Guy know about her killing that monster of a guard?  She
hadn't told a soul about what had happened on the top of the New York Center -
she pretended she couldn't remember and it was put down to PTSD or to her
injuries.

But she DID remember every awful, sickening detail.  She relived it every
night...the look of terrified despair on the pretty red-head as Miller slowly
destroyed her with cruel tortures and mutilation...being impaled and brutally
fucked by Miller's blood-stained cock as she hung in chains just yards away from
the dead girl's shattered bleeding body...looking down into the black gulf
between the tower and the river before she jumped...the cold wind buffeting her
against the tower as she half-choked in the broken harness...she lived through
every awful moment until she woke, shaking and drenched in perspiration. And
then her wonderful master would reach down and hook his strong fingers under her
collar, dragging her closer to him and making everything all right again.

Alexa sighed and tried to relax.  She didn't move as Rosario stole out of the
bathroom and stroked her fettered calf on her way past.  Alexa knew better than
to disobey Guy and quickly drifted out of consciousness.

- My master loves me!

*****

Guljana stared out across the peaceful courtyard and tried to make sense of her
life.  Her mother had told her she was special and not just because she was her
daughter.  What was the secret her mother had promised to tell her before she
stepped on the landmine, dying alone in the rubble of an abandoned farmhouse? 
Guljana had even dared to ask her grandfather if he knew but he would not
answer.  Then he had done a strange thing.  This stern, strict and domineering
man had knelt, kissed his shocked granddaughter's hand and begged her to never
talk about this again, for the mother's sake.  Guljana never forgot how he had
said 'THE mother', not 'YOUR mother' - she'd wanted to ask why but somehow knew
she shouldn't.  From that day on, her grandfather had changed towards her.  He
no longer beat her or shouted at her - he became gentle, understanding and
treated her as a person rather than as a frightened young girl.

"Come back to bed, my little Guli.  Tomorrow is a busy day."  She turned and
smiled at him, her flawless body bathed in the moonlight like the aura of a
goddess.  She was so beautiful it almost hurt him to look at her too long. 
"Come here, my sweet slave."  She ran towards him with a soft cry and smothered
his hand with eager, tearful kisses.  "My slave...my Guli."  Within minutes she
was straddling him and taking his firm penis deeply into her ready opening,
gasping with pleasure-pain as she ground her clit against the base of his hard
shaft.  The Senator just lay back and let Guljana do all the work.  She rocked
and mewed throatily, letting her magnificent blonde mane trail across his chest. 
When he was ready to erupt, she sensed it and furrowed her brow in
concentration.  His slave had learned to control her pelvic floor muscles to
perfection, clenching tightly at the base of his shaft then drawing herself up
to coax out every drop of his cum.  On the third occasion she lifted herself up,
he suddenly gushed into her eager vagina, filling her with his milky cum. 
Guljana put down her hand to catch their mingled juices on her fingers then
reverently lapped up the nectar, her dark liquid eyes locked with his as she
daintily licked her lips. 

He stayed inside her, intently watching her increasingly urgent movements as she
played with her ringed clit and nipples.  When she climaxed, she wept - the most
precious tears he had ever seen, those of his devoted slave surrendering to
orgasm.  He reached up and wiped away the sweet moisture and she collapsed
forward to hug and kiss his chest.  "Ohhh, my Senate-master!  A s-slave loves
you so much, so very-very much!"

*****

The cold salty water stung inside her nose and throat.  Caitlin wanted to
scream, to draw in a final breath before her aching lungs collapsed.  She opened
her eyes in agony and painfully blinked, despairing that her life was nearly
over.   The fist gripping her hair kept her thrashing head down in the bucket
until the last possible moment.  Then she was pulled up to gasp urgently through
the ring gag that kept her mouth open in an obscene pout.  "So now you try
again, Yankee slut - only this time you not spit out, you swallow all and lick
clean and you say 'spasebo' like a good fuck-cunt...or we fill bucket with piss
and you get different drink, da?!"  She stared miserably at the next crewman in
the queue who was grinning as he unzipped his jeans.  Caitlin didn't even
struggle any more as the man forced her head up with one hand clutching her hair
while the other guided his thick penis into her trembling mouth.  The straps
holding her up dug into her hips and armpits.  She couldn't feel her hands and
feet any more - the pins and needles in her arms that they had tied up above her
back were getting worse.  She started to suck the disgusting glans of the
sailor's cock.  But he was pushing her down!  Caitlin nearly retched when his
tip pressed against the back of her throat.  She began to struggle desperately,
her lips rubbed against the distended veins of the cruelly laughing man's shaft.

"We go double this time!"  The man who spoke was standing behind her.  She felt
his hands on her hips lifting her up.  The sailor in front had mercifully pulled
back just enough to let her draw a short breath but he was still penetrating her
mouth.  It was like he was waiting...

"OOOOOOOOMMMMFFFFFFFFFFFF!!!"  Her panicked scream was cut off as both men
suddenly rammed together into her face and cunt.  She convulsed in shock and
pain.  They were double-fucking her!  The other men gathered around them and
began to clap and cheer in time with her rapists' simultaneous thrusts. 
"DA...DA...DA...DA..."  The fingers twined in her hair gripped so tightly she
thought it would be torn out of her scalp.  The man behind dug his fingernails
into her hips.  "DA...DA...DA..."  The clapping grew louder; the men were
stamping their feet on the steel deck.  Both rapists roared and simultaneously
jammed their spurting cocks deeply into their chosen orifices.  Caitlin gurgled
and thrashed in the harness as they emptied themselves in her helpless head and
body.  They stopped but only the man behind her withdrew - the sailor in front
was waiting for her to swallow and clean him. 

There was a whimpering sound behind her - it must be Juanita!  "Go on, Mexicano
slut - lick real good and make cum or we turn up juice!"   Juanita suddenly
howled as a harsh buzzing sound echoed around the bare cabin.  "Better still, we
make both Yankee and Mexicano cunts to dance for us!"  The other men began to
snigger.  Somebody was doing something to the metal cuffs around Caitlin's
ankles.  The buzzing started again and a horrible tingling sensation traveled up
her aching legs.  "Start lick, blind-fuck!  Put tongue on her clit!"  

NOOOOO, please not that - please not Juanita, please not a
girl..."UUUUAAAAAGGGHHHHH!!!"  As the tip of Juanita's tongue made contact
between her swollen labia, Caitlin thrashed and howled in agony.  The stabbing,
searing voltage coursed through both girls for a brief moment.  Juanita had
pulled back and wailed in fear and horror. 

"Get back there, 'no-eyes' - or you get more sparky-sparky up cute little
holes!"  NOOOOO!!!  Again the awful current surged through the tip of Juanita's
tongue into Caitlin's freshly pierced clitoris, making both girls wail in
painful torment. 

But Juanita didn't draw back - she feared their horrible tormenters would
increase the shocks if she stopped.  The American girl was howling or was it
herself?  Her whole mouth, throat, chest, belly, privates and ass were stinging
from the shocks.  Juanita's body was shaking uncontrollably and her heart was
beating wildly...she w-w-would surely d-d-die!

"OSTANOVKA!"  A harsh voice silenced all the sailors' cruel taunts and jeers. 
The electricity suddenly shut off and Juanita slumped forwards with her nose
pressed against her poor fellow-captive's soiled cunt.  The captain yelled at
the subdued men in Russian then grasped hold of the aching Mexican girl's long
ponytail.  "You are not allowed to die, fuck-filth!  You are worth much in the
whore-houses of Saint Petersburg - they like to sample different flavors of cunt
from all over the world!"  She sobbed in despair and lowered her head only to
have it cruelly yanked up and forced forward between Caitlin's quivering
buttocks.  "I did not give you permission to stop!  You WILL make the Yankee
bitch dance on your tongue or feel my whip inside your thighs again - you want
more of my whip in your cunt, DO YOU?"  With a muffled 'no' Juanita fought back
her revulsion and began to lap up the sticky mess that dribbled from Caitlin's
ass and pussy.  The American girl mewed in shame and distress but she knew
better than to stop licking.  Juanita had already learned these men viewed their
captives as nothing more than sexual animals to humiliate, rape, and abuse  -
they were DEVILS!

*****

"Come along, little Alexa - time to wake up."  It was her master and she hadn't
even felt him removing her fetters!  "Take off your blindfold.  Be quick about
it - I want you thoroughly showered and made presentable before dinner."  Alexa
rubbed her wrists and ankles, wincing every time her sore fingers pressed too
hard on her skin.  "Guy will fetch you in exactly thirty minutes...and you don't
want to keep him or me waiting do you?"  She shook her head and whispered that
she would be quick but he had already shut and locked the bedroom door.  After
hobbling painfully across the sumptuous carpet then the soothingly cool marble
floor of the en suite, Alexa fumbled with the shower controls until a cascade of
warm water soaked her hair and still-tender body.  She wished Miller had spared
her long tresses - Alexa knew it was all growing back but she felt somehow more
exposed without her mane tumbling down her back.  It was difficult showering on
one leg then on the other but it was the only way she could gain any relief for
her poor beaten soles.  It didn't matter though; the pain was a gift from her
wonderful master.  He had brought her back from bleak despair to the simple,
stunning truth - that she was HIS slave, that she BELONGED to HIM, that...he
LOVED her!  Alexa, property of Master Charles - one of the most influential
figures in the Organization, looked at the reflection of the naked, pierced and
branded slave in the cheval mirror.  She smiled and the slave with the short,
reddish-brown hair down to her collar shyly smiled back.  Nothing else mattered. 
She watched the slave reach up to touch the plain gold collar that had been
sealed around her throat.  There was no lock, no hinge or joint - only the
raised part where the single ring was attached.  Her fingertips had searched for
any seam or telltale roughness that would indicate where the ends might be - she
still marveled at her collar's perfectly smooth finish.  Only her identity
adorned the surface - ornate, black letters somehow inlaid into the gold.  She
knew what it said but spent a few idle moments turning her collar and reading in
the mirror...9, 8, 3, 3, 3, 6, 7...A, X, E, L, A.  This was all she was - a
slave with a name and number.  And it meant everything to her! 

Alexa knelt by the end of the huge bed with her wrists crossed behind her back
and her head lowered, waiting for Guy to arrive.  She did not look up as he
entered the room but jumped at the sound of his gruff, deep voice.  "Good kid. 
Now go to the bathroom, even if you've just been."  This made her raise her eyes
in wonder - he was lifting a collection of linked straps out of a small case. 
Her face fell at the sight of the harness as she had thought he would allow her
to wear some clothes - even just a pair of shorts - during the meal.  He caught
her looking and smiled.  "You're not in any trouble, kid.  Just your master
wants you decked out in full restraints to entertain your hostess...and to be an
example to someone else."  As she limped to the bathroom, she tried to work out
what Guy had meant - an 'example' but who to?  When she returned, he patted the
mattress.  "Come on, kneel up here with your thighs apart and hands clasped on
your head."

The first broad strap went round below her collar that Guy made her hold up
under her jaw while he worked.  "Hands back on your...GOOD slave - you know the
routine well, don't you?"  He ruffled her hair and concentrated on the strap
round her narrow waist.  "Breathe out, kid - THAAAT'S it!"  As Alexa exhaled,
Guy tugged the buckle very tightly and secured the second padlock.  "Now stand
strai...Jeez, kid - are you a mind-reader?"  He grinned encouragingly at her
while the long straps down her back and front were adjusted between her neck and
waist.  He drew the crotch strap up between her thighs, pausing to ensure the
steel rings were directly over her vaginal and anal entrances.  "Spread your
buttocks while I buckle you up at the back, kid...yeah, that's perfect."  Alexa
had dutifully pulled her ass cheeks apart until the broad strap was snugly tight
along her cleft.  "Arms behind you, fingers straight."  The mono-glove forced
her hands and elbows close together when he zipped it up and looped the long
straps over her shoulders.  Alexa smiled trustingly at this man, beginning to
understand why Guljana liked him so much.  For Guy was considerate, even while
he criss-crossed the glove's straps diagonally between her pert breasts.  He
gently ran his finger under the leather fastenings to ensure there were no
twists before looping around her back.  "Breathe out again kid...yeah, bit more
and hold....good!"  Both ends were buckled together at her sternum, completing
her upper harness and accentuating her small bosom.  Alexa had envied some of
the other slaves - her own breasts seemed insignificant next to theirs but
neither her former nor her current master seemed to mind.  In fact, Master
Charles had a habit of absently rolling and tweaking one of her ringed nipples
between his strong finger and thumb - he said it helped him concentrate when
thinking but she lost all concentration whenever it happened! 

A series of straps around the mono-glove ensured her arms were tightly locked
together.  He fitted her ankle and thigh straps with care, ensuring they would
not slip or rotate on her legs then went back to the case.  On the inside of the
lid was a row of dildoes and plugs.  Guy picked up the largest butt plug then
paused, replacing it with a smaller version.  "No need to put you through too
much, kid - you had that earlier."  He unscrewed the base and inserted a battery
before replacing the end.  "Now," he held the tapered end up to her mouth, 
"since you've been so good for me I'll let you lubricate this one."  Without a
moment's hesitation, she parted her lips and took the metallic point into her
mouth, coating it and the black body with her saliva.  Guy let her take the full
length inside her mouth until the narrower metallic part at the base disappeared
behind her front teeth.  He waited until she had a tiny dribble running down her
chin then drew the plug back out.  "Head down, ass up and..."  But she had
already lowered her head to the mattress and was kneeling with her thighs open
for him.  Guy pressed the tip of the butt plug against her tight opening and
chatted as he slowly pushed it past her anus.  "I knew your old master, kid - he
used to talk about you from time to time."  She shivered at his words,
remembering with sad fondness how her late master had treated her with such
kindness and encouragement as she blossomed from a clumsy, terrified girl to a
willing, sensual animal.   The sensation of being penetrated up her ass still
had a profound effect on her - once inside her rectum the butt plug was a
constant reminder of her vulnerability and her utter submission.  With a final
push, her sphincter muscles closed around the narrowed shaft. 

She watched Guy select a large ribbed dildo with a silver tip and a flexible
clit-stim protruding from the base.  Pausing to insert the batteries, he didn't
bother to hold it to her mouth.    Alexa grunted with pleasure-pain when he slid
the shaft inside the vaginal crotch ring on her harness, rotating it to ensure
the springy metal contact on the side was pressing firmly against her clitoris. 
Guy carefully threaded a slim leather strap through the loops on either side of
the cunt and ass rings so both devices were securely pressed inside her
orifices.  The tiny poppers at either end of the strap would ensure neither
probe could slip out of her body.

He helped her to kneel up then lifted another series of straps from the case. 
Alexa's face fell with dismay as Guy lifted the gag harness up to her face. 
"Hey, you've been a good slave up to now, kid - open that mouth and keep your
head up."  It was no use resisting - her master wanted her fully restrained and
she knew better than to fight him or Guy.  Dutifully, she parted her lips as
wide as possible to accept the broad penis shaped gag between her jaws.  The
straps were secured under her chin, behind and over her head to form a very
restrictive bridle.   Making her stand unsteadily on the mattress to face him,
Alexa kept her legs close together while Guy used two padlocks to lock her knees
and ankles together.  As she stood there to attention, Alexa wondered again who
she was supposed to be an example for.  Guy inspected her and tightened several
buckles on the harness.  "You'll do just fine, kid - let's get you down to
dinner."  He slid his left arm between her thighs, tipping her body forwards at
her hips to fall over his shoulder.   Alexa felt him firmly grasp her tiny
ponytail with his right hand behind her back as she was carried out of the room
and down the curved sweeping staircase...   




HARVEST OF TEARS

CHAPTER 5

He talked in a relaxed, casual voice all the way through Rosario's imposing
mansion and Alexa was grateful for the reassurance.  She twisted her head
slightly to look at the incredible collection of modern art along the brightly
lit passages.  One caught her eye - even looking upside down, she felt she knew
the artist.  But Guy was moving too quickly and the riot of color disappeared
from view.  "Now listen closely, kid.  You got off to a very bad start with
Rosario and now's your chance to put it right - you really don't want to fuck up
again, do you?"  He emphasized his words by increasing his grip on her short
ponytail.  All she could manage to do was a tiny shake of her head but it seemed
to satisfy him.  They went through a doorway then she was left lying face down
on a polished floor for a moment while Guy did something out of view.  But
before Alexa could take in her bearings he had returned and released the
padlocks between her ankle straps and knee straps.  "Come on, kid, let's get you
up there."  (Up?  Up where?)

'Up there' turned out to be on the top of the largest dining table she had ever
seen - it stretched the length of the huge room.   A strange pyramid of tubular
steel rested on a thick, foam mat in the center of the table - it was easily big
enough for her to sit inside.  Guy helped her up to kneel on the mat and
attached the collar ring on the back of her harness to a clip dangling by a
short chain from the pyramid's apex.  Alexa could only just kneel with her back
straight and her knees together, otherwise she would have swung forward in the
harness.  But that was exactly what Guy intended.  He swiftly tugged her right
thigh out to the side and locked the outer ring of her knee strap to the
pyramid's leg.  There was nothing she could do when he also pulled her left
thigh out to the side and secured it in the same manner.  The harness held her
up so her knees were about two inches above the table.  Her cunt and ass felt
very full now since both dildoes were being forced even further into her body by
the tight crotch strap.  Guy pulled both her feet back, locking her ankles
together to the rear leg of the pyramid so she could not even touch the dining
table with the tips of her toes!    She felt her mono-glove being pulled taut
and heard a faint click - Guy must have secured the glove's ringed tip to the
same ring on the pyramid that held her ankles together.  He raised her chin with
one finger and buckled a very high, stiff posture collar round her neck so she
couldn't bend her head to the sides or down.  Guy slipped a slim device from his
jacket that looked like the remote control for a television and placed it out of
sight on the table between her parted thighs.  "Yeah, you'll do nicely kid -
just remember my words and DON'T FUCK UP THIS TIME!!!"

Alexa was utterly immobilized, suspended and gagged - she couldn't disobey
anyone now even if she tried.  He had left her there, hanging, waiting, trying
to shift her weight uncomfortably between her ankles and the harness but she
only succeeding in making both dildoes dig even deeper.  If she kept very still
and relaxed her rapid breathing she didn't feel so agitated...but it didn't last
long - Alexa couldn't help bearing down and clenching her rectal and vaginal
muscles on the strange dildoes that filled her cunt and ass.  And it was making
her feel so horny, so excited, so very...WHAT WAS THAT???  Something had rubbed
against her toes!  Something soft, almost moist...something was on the table
behind her!  Alexa couldn't move enough to see.   She tried to peer down to her
left then to her right and caught a glimpse of silver-gray fur - there was an
ANIMAL right beside her!  A large tail came into view then the creature was
rubbing INSIDE her left thigh!  Finally, the largest cat she had ever seen moved
fully into her sight.  It was absolutely beautiful.  The cat observed her with
mild interest then proceeded to casually lick its paw. 

Alexa watched her feline visitor and marveled at its size and immaculate coat. 
She had loved cats for as long as she could remember but had never been allowed
a pet.  For some reason, horrible memories seeped into her mind of the time she
had found a stray kitten and brought it home.  Her drunken 'stepfather'
discovered the kitten hidden in an old shoe box in her bedroom when he had come
looking to do more dirty things to her and had decided to 'get rid of the filthy
vermin'.  Alexa could only watch in mute horror as the struggling kitten - Sukie
- was submerged in the kitchen sink until it wasn't moving anymore.  At the
tender age of eleven, Alexa had witnessed the cruel death of something she loved
- he had even left her to take the tiny limp body out of the water and bury it
at the bottom of their unkempt yard...

Her eyes felt heavy with ancient tears and the giant cat seemed to respond to
her distress - it stopped washing itself and came closer.  Alexa struggled to
look down as the cat placed one paw on her thigh, raised itself up and stared
directly into her eyes.  The cat slowly blinked as if to say 'I know...I
understand, human', then returned to its previous spot and carried on cleaning
its fur. 

A side door opened and the cat sprang down to disappear from view. One of
Rosario's staff came into view and calmly began to set the table for two on
either side of her but he didn't show the slightest interest in Alexa - it was
as if she wasn't there!  Several minutes later, the young maid from the hall
came in with some glasses on a silver tray.  She made the crystal tremble as she
tried to avoid looking at the harnessed slave suspended above the table.  But
for a brief second the girls' eyes locked together, nearly causing the maid
('Maria'?  Yes, that's what Rosario had called her) to drop a priceless fluted
Venetian goblet in her panic.  Then Alexa was left alone again to squint down at
the immaculately polished gold-rimmed crockery and cutlery that gleamed in the
corners of her eyes.  How long was she being left here?  Where were Rosario and
her master?  Her crotch felt really uncomfortable where the taut strap rode
between her outer labia.  She tried to relax her body again but couldn't stop
worrying what the control was for.  She realized it had something to do with the
dildoes that Guy had inserted into her vagina and rectum but somehow understood
she wasn't going to be punished again.  Alexa knew she must trust her master -
he would make sure she was all right.  My master loves me...my master loves
me...my master loves me!

*****

Something was different, something was wrong.  The steady throb of the ship's
engine seemed lower, almost like it was stopping.  Caitlin huddled against
Juanita's fettered body and stared into the pitch black.  After their horrific
multiple rape and torture by the crew and forced lesbian sex, they had been
hosed down on the deck with icy salt water then left in the lightless container
that was their cell.  Caitlin hadn't even sobbed - she felt so numb inside
despite the awful pain in her privates and ass.  She had realized this wasn't
just a kidnap for extortion or to influence her father - no, it didn't seem to
matter to her abusers that she was a Senator's daughter.  It seemed stupid but
the thing that terribly frightened her even more than dying at their hands was
catching some dreadful disease like AIDS or getting pregnant.  Caitlin knew the
same fears would be running through Juanita's mind, worsened by her grief over
her lost innocence - her strict Catholic upbringing, her chastity and morality
had been discarded like irrelevant trash.  She had heard Juanita sobbing as she
tried to pray in her native Spanish but she kept breaking down, crying out
"SUCIO!  SUCIO!  SUCIO!" in anguished distress.  She had gently asked the
weeping girl who or what 'Sucio' was - Juanita's whispered response was barely
audible and chilling in its meaning.  "D-dirty - I am t-too dirty to
p-pray...m-my soul is d-damned!"  Caitlin had cradled the blind girl in her arms
but didn't know what she could say to comfort her.  Instead, she silently prayed
herself but it was for a quick death - her only hope for release from this awful
torture.

There seemed to be a lot of shouting going on.  Then total silence - the engine
had stopped!   Both girls clung to each other, barely daring to breathe.  Then
there were more shouts and screams as a hail of very rapid banging thudded
against the side of the container, like it had been hit by...GUNFIRE!!!  Juanita
started to scream in panic as the noise grew briefly louder then abruptly
ceased.  Brilliant daylight suddenly flooded into the container making Caitlin
shield her eyes and wince in pain.  The terrified girls were hauled out by
several armed Oriental men who leered and fondled their bodies.  Caitlin cried
out in distress and terror as one of the men forced the hot muzzle of a gun
between her cunt lips.  "Noooo, please d-don't pull the trigger...P-PLEASE
T-TAKE IT OUT!"  He laughed then gripped her breast so hard she nearly collapsed
from the pain.  But the gun was removed.  Juanita was crying too - her wrist
chain had been yanked over her head and twisted around her neck.  The men were
carrying her towards the upper deck with the barrel of a rifle forced between
her thighs.  She could barely walk and the men holding up either end of the
rifle kept slapping her to keep her moving.  Caitlin felt the sharp point of a
knife dig just under her jaw.  Something heavy was being locked around her neck. 
She was too frightened to struggle when her wrists were forced up and out before
being locked to the ends of the long rods that protruded from the sides of the
collar.  It was the steel yoke that she had seen poor Juanita wear before the
sailors hung her up and raped her until she bled from her pussy and ass! 
Caitlin squealed in misery - her toes could barely reach the steel deck as two
burly Orientals half-carried her in the vicious yoke.

On the upper deck, a tall Oriental man was shouting at the Russian captain.  The
Russian was clutching his bleeding arm and defiantly shaking his head.  The
Oriental threw down a partially opened plastic bag of brown powder and pointed a
pistol at the Captain's groin.  "You think to make fun of Yakusa?  You think we
buy this cut SHIT and not know?  You DISHONOR me, you Russian FILTH!"  He
emptied the revolver into the Russian's belly then motioned to his henchman. 
Caitlin tried to look away as they dragged the still-moving Captain and threw
him overboard!  The Oriental laughed and barked orders to his men who bowed and
shouted 'Hai, Hai!' before racing off across the deck.  Then he turned to
examine the naked, shivering girls and slowly smiled...

*****

Gentle fingers stroked a stray wisp of hair off her cheek and tucked it behind
her ear.  Alexa blinked to clear the sleep from her eyes and focused on the
smiling face of her Master.  How long had she dozed off - she hadn't even heard
him coming into the room.  "Let's just check..." He pushed his little finger in
under the ball in her mouth then nodded with satisfaction.  "One of the reasons
I trust Guy with your welfare, little Alexa, is his attention to detail - a less
experienced or careless trainer might have omitted to secure your tongue
piercing to the ball but he has not."  He frowned and continued.  "We once lost
an excellent slave who fainted and choked on her own tongue while gagged,
Rosario - I had just finished breaking her and a thoughtless guard left her too
long unattended.  What a damned waste!"  Alexa tried to press her head against
his hand but the stiff collar around her neck prevented any movement and his
fingers had gone.  All she could do was to look into his eyes, hoping her master
would somehow understand she loved and trusted him completely.  As he moved to
the side, she could see Rosario watching her and smiling broadly.  She was
wearing some sort of black leather outfit that fitted her like a glove.  And she
was holding a folder - a folder that had HER slave number on the spine!

"Well...I must say this is the most wonderful center-piece this room has ever
seen - certainly beats fruit and flowers, Charles!"  Rosario came forward and
peered closely between Alexa's quivering thighs.  "What ARE those devices - are
they for pain or pleasure?"
"Both."
"Really?  In what order?"
"Simultaneously - wait and see, Rosario.  Please don't spoil the show by
guessing too much!"  He grinned at her eager, hungry expression and sat down. 

Rosario responded by throwing back her head and laughing in a way Alexa found
slightly disturbing.  "Oh my dear Charles, you are so good for me!"  She sat
opposite her Master on Alexa's left.  Rosario had opened the folder and began
laying the contents out on the table in full view.  There were photos of Alexa:
as a smiling, trusting infant; as a shy, uncertain toddler; as a somber, fearful
child; as an anxious, haunted schoolgirl; as a pale, drawn adolescent - unable
to even look at the camera...then the profile shots when she came round after
her drugged abduction - terrified, miserable and confused.  Finally, a large
picture of her kneeling naked, fettered and chained at someone's feet - it must
have been her first master - and it was taken at her Collaring & Branding
ceremony!  She had a flower in her hair and was holding a plain wooden feeding
bowl with both cuffed hands.  And her face shone with a look of shocked wonder,
of inexplicable hope and joy...as if she had just woken up from a dreadful
nightmare to the brightness of a new day.  Rosario continued to place other
items on the dining table - some certificates that Alexa was too far away from
to identify, a sheaf of closely typed documents and finally...her notebook from
Armando's apartment!  With a calculating glance Rosario studied her reactions at
each point in the deliberate display, then she finally picked up the documents
and began to read aloud.  Her master said nothing but poured wine for himself
and his hostess.  "Interesting...certificate of sterility, certificate of HIV
immunity - Charles, you know there would be a national riot if word of the
vaccine leaked out.  Hmm...registration of brand, slave number and bar code. 
Where is the identity implant located?"  Her master placed one finger over his
lips, leaned across to Rosario - who responded by also leaning forwards - and
whispered in her ear.  "OH!  GOODNESS ME!"  Rosario turned to look at Alexa and
grinned in an almost predatory manner before returning to the documents.  "And,"
she paused and looked right at Alexa's face, "does my ward know about her
cousins?"  (COUSINS???  Ohh no, NO!   What had happened to Nikki and Julie? 
What about her aunt?  What...)

"My little slave has not seen them - the older cousin came searching for Alexa
just after she was harvested.  Our men spotted her and collected Nicola when she
was considered ready.  I believe the younger cousin, Julie-Ann, was taken about
two months ago and is still in London waiting to be auctioned.  Her older sister
was part of a block export to the Middle East - I know the buyer but I do not
know if she is still one of his slaves."  (OHH MY GOD - N-Nikki's a slave too? 
A-And JULIE - b-but they're t-too YOUNG for all this!)  Her master had noticed
her increasing agitation and reached over to wipe away the solitary tear that
had snaked down her cheek.  "You are not to blame, little one.   Perhaps I can
arrange a reunion with your cousins some day - would you like that?"  She
managed a tiny nod in the restrictive posture collar and twisted in her harness
but it didn't help ease the feelings in her cunt and ass...or the ache in her
heart for her poor young cousins.   (Ohhh Nikki, if only you hadn't come looking
for me...ohhh I'm so, so sorry.  And Julie - ohhh Julie would be so frightened! 
And Auntie Faye - she would be heartbroken to lose them!)  Alexa closed her eyes
in despair, unable to quell the mute sob and the floods of tears that streamed
down her face.  Everyone she loved got hurt - everyone who was ever kind to
her...and it was all her fault!

Rosario watched as Alexa writhed in obvious distress at the bombshell that her
cousins had also been enslaved.  "She seems to do a hell of a lot of crying,
Charles - are all your Organization's slaves like that?"

"The hormone enhancement drugs do make them very emotional and prone to tears. 
But this is more than hormonal, Rosario - you have read the file.  My slave has
been through so much."  He was holding her face with both hands.  "Alexa, listen
to me."  She opened her eyes and searched his strong, wonderful face. 
"Alexa...my little one, you have to let go of all this pain.  You are only a
slave yet you seem to carry the world's troubles on your shoulders!  Your are
NOT responsible - I am!"  Alexa stared in shock at the rueful grin on her
beloved master's face.  "I decided to let you live, I took you to the USA, I
chose to test you in New York...and you have never failed me as indeed you never
failed your first master."  He stroked her cheek.  "Slave, you have made your
master proud!"  He smiled and lifted up the remote control device.  "Enough of
this - I have a special treat here.  It will help you forget everything that
seems to haunt you.  We will start on the gentlest, lowest setting..." She
struggled to look at the slim unit.  He was pointing it towards her belly...he
was turning a small dial, adjusting a setting...he was pressing a button...
UUUUOOOOOOHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!

The strange dildoes in her cunt and ass had suddenly come to life.  But they
didn't vibrate, didn't move - they TINGLED in a shimmering sort of feeling that
sent wild thrills through her quivering belly.  OHH MY G-GODDDDDDD!  I'M G-GOING
T-TO C-CUUUUUUUUUUUUM!!!!!  It was happening so fast, so intense and it wasn't
stopping!  Then she remembered Guljana's ecstatic moans when she was broken by
Alexa's master - 'Ultrasonics', he'd called it - high frequency something or
other.  Ohh the look on Guljana's face as she succumbed to the intense
sensations when she had eagerly lowered herself onto just the tips of the
dildoes...but THESE dildoes were secured deep INSIDE Alexa's shaking body! 
A-And the sensations were getting STRONGER - if this was the lowest setting,
w-what w-w-would t-t-t-the n-n-n-n-next...
OOOOOOOOOOOUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUHHH!!!!!!!!!!




HARVEST OF TEARS

CHAPTER 6

" I...uhhh, I HATE ya!"

"'You' - you mean 'I hate YOU'', not 'YA'."

She chose to ignore his stupid correction.  "Ya can all go ta fuckin' HELL! 
Uhhhh, y-ya c-can..uhhh."  The tears betrayed her again.  "Uhhh L-Leroy - master
- p-please d-don't make me do this."

"Shhhhh, slave.  All the way down, Gina - take me all the way inside and then
pleasure yourself.  I want you to climax on my cock...and don't bother trying to
fake it!"

Ohh this was too cruel, too distressing.  They were alone in Master Leroy's
apartment at New York Center, together on his huge bed.   She was straddling him
as he lay on his back with his hands behind his head.   And she wasn't even
chained or fettered!  But there was no point in resisting this tall, powerfully
built man - he was far too strong, far too quick...and far too skilled with
women to be deceived.  She stared down at his dark, firm and muscular chest,
unable to look him in the face.  This was the most awful thing she had been made
to do since her abduction and she felt as if she was tearing apart inside. 
Being forced when restrained was somehow easier to accept - to be taken captive
and then brutally raped or abused was something she could understand, even if it
was horrible.  Even being brought to climax when fettered was somehow
OK...because it wasn't HER that was responsible - it was THEM who were MAKING
her cum.  But THIS...this was breaking her heart!  He was being so gentle, so
patient and it was too cruel - they were making LOVE and he wanted her to ENJOY
it!  A-and I...I AM!  A-and it...UHHHHHHHH!!!!!

His kindly whispered words just made it worse.  "Gina, don't fight yourself. 
You are a pleasure-slave and not a trapped animal.  Why are you so upset by
this?  Don't you want to feel good inside?"  She tried to stop shaking and kept
her face hidden behind a curtain of raven hair.  "Okay then, Gina.  Take your
time - just rest on me.  Lean forward and hold me.  And tell me what is stopping
you from enjoying your beautiful, sensual body." 

Miserably, happily, confusedly, she obeyed and pressed the side of her face
against his chest.  This was the man who had abducted her, who had abused her,
who had WHIPPED her until her screams had become whimpers...and now he was
stroking her head and holding her close!  "I...uhh, I don't m-make l-love ta
guys."  She still couldn't bear to look him in the face.  "Ya see, it..."  Ohh,
how could she explain?  Her voice became swift and cold.  "Ya don't get close ta
the...John - he screws ya for sex and ya screw him back an'...an' ya s-switch
off inside an' th-think of the dough."  She hated herself - that was an awful
thing to say.  He'd be furious and punish her!

"But I am not a 'John' and this is different."  He hadn't got mad at her.  His
voice was still calm!  When Gina tried to answer him her voice just wouldn't
work and tiny sobs were all she could manage.  "Tell me, slave - have you never
felt love for a man?  Has there never been anyone special in your life?  And I
do not mean Alexa - yes, we know about you and her."  How?  How did he know? 
How COULD he know what it felt like when that cute little English broad worked
magic with her tongue and lips?

"Uhh, th-there was this guy once...he was a cop...uhh but he was a GOOD guy,
yanno?  H-he w-was real nice a-an I th-thought maybe one day..."  For a tough,
streetwise New York hooker, it was hard for her to open up - especially to a
MAN.  "Th-then my brother g-got into trouble with the pushers...I h-had ta work
the fuckin' streets w-when I was only FOURTEEN j-just ta save his goddam
l-life!"  She sighed and forced herself to continue.  "But...he died from some
bad junk an' my momma just turned to the wall an' she went back to Puerto Rico
an' left me ta..."  The broken sob she'd tried to fight down so hard escaped
from her trembling mouth.  "An' this cop...he uhh looked out for me an' gave me
food when things were tough."  Gina fell silent, as though she had said far too
much and was deeply ashamed.

After a long, painful pause, his fingers began to gently twine her jet-black
hair.  There was a slight chuckle in his voice.  "Well, I'm relieved to hear
that you don't think ALL cops are bad!"  His words startled the stunning,
un-tamed creature that clung to his body.  She stared up at him with dawning
comprehension written on her face.  "Yes, little Gina.  I was also one of 'New
York's Finest' until I had a little career change."  He didn't offer any more
explanation and drew her back down to him.  "Now, let me think...that Officer at
the precinct - Martinez, wasn't it?  Is he your 'good cop', Gina?"  A tiny nod,
almost a sob.  "I thought so - Martinez was the only cop you trusted, yes?"  She
didn't need to reply.  "He came looking for you at Witness Protection, Gina.  He
tried to find out if you were safe - if you were OK."  She couldn't stand any
more.  Her body was wracked with huge, aching cries that left her gasping for
air.  All the hurt, the grief, the shame - all of it poured out as she nestled
against master Leroy's warm chest.  He made no move to stop her, offered no
soothing words but held her close and gave her the time she needed to exorcise
her past and begin to embrace her future...

*****

"...into a state that has been described as 'hyper-orgasm' - see the way her
eyes are flickering and the coloration over her breasts?"  Her master's voice
was like a faint, ghostly echo.  Alexa shuddered in an intense, CONTINUOUS
climax that thrilled every fiber of her body. 

Another distant voice - Rosario's  "...ultimate pleasure, I see.  But what about
the pain, Charles - you said you used them both together."

"...resonance...harmonics...threshold..."  Her master's faint words meant
nothing to her - there was only the incredible, wonderful sustained orgasm
gripping her fettered body.  "...second dial, Rosario - slowly and...not
touch...frame or...severe shock!"  Something else, something claiming her
attention - AWFUL PAIN!  Alexa writhed in desperate agony as the ultrasonics
were joined by strong jolts of current throughout her cunt and ass. It seemed to
be starting in her clit and running through her labia then her plugged anus and
it was getting WORSE!  NOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!  The bitter, stabbing hurt so BAD!  It
was spoiling the orgasm... n-no, uhhhh it, uhhhhh it w-wasn't - it... th-they
w-were.... p-pleeeease d-don't... UHHHHHHH.... OHHHHHHHHH!!! 
UUUUUUURRRRRGGGHHHH!!!!!!  Her senses threatened to totally overwhelm her mind. 
Alexa stiffened then went strangely still while the rapid vibrations and savage
current met, opposed, entwined and JOINED in their unstoppable assault on her
body!   "...enters a trance-like state we dominants can only guess at, Rosario. 
The conjoined pleasure-pain induces what is sometimes called 'slave-space' -
Alexa is still conscious, still with us...but my little slave is also somewhere
else."

"'Somewhere else?'"  Rosario leaned forward in fascination but careful not to
touch the metal frame or the trembling creature who stared vacantly back with
both pupils fully dilated.  "Is it like shock?  How long can she last like
this?"

Master Charles adjusted the controls to maximum, causing Alexa's whole body to
shudder violently.  She was glistening with perspiration.  He looked behind the
frame, nodding with satisfaction at the way her toes had tightly curled.  "No
more than about thirty minutes.  After that, there is a risk of respiratory
collapse - she might forget to breathe!   I am only going to give her half that
time on this occasion - she is still recovering from her earlier punishment."  
Alexa heard and didn't hear, saw and didn't see.  Something else was present at
the very edge of her consciousness.  It was growing, rushing towards her - like
an approaching tidal wave or a beam of indescribable light...she felt as if she
was floating, as if she was being cradled like a tiny infant...as if a woman was
bending down to kiss her forehead...as if a Female Voice of incredible power and
warmth was telling her inside her head 'My child...not yet, My sweet child - not
yet'...then it was all suddenly gone.  Alexa snapped back into the room and
slumped in the harness as the shocks and vibrations ceased.  She felt a deep
sense of loss tinged with awe - something had changed inside her head.  It
wasn't the roller coaster ride of the most incredible mind-blowing slave orgasm
she had just endured.  No, it was a very small change...but it was profound. 
She forced herself to focus on her beloved master's face.  When their eyes met
and locked, she felt so in love with him and so loved back that it actually hurt
inside her chest!

Master Charles carefully released Alexa from the pyramid frame and gently lifted
her limp body down to the floor.    He removed her gag, loosening the ring
through her tongue from the ball but he left her fettered and harnessed at his
feet.  "She will recover soon.  We just need to give her time, Rosario."  He
clipped a leash chain to the front collar ring on her harness and secured the
other end around one leg of his dining chair before ruffling her damp hair. 
"You know," he continued talking to his host as if nothing of importance had
just occurred. "This is the best Prosciutto ham I have ever tasted."

Rosario's laughter as she pressed the buzzer to summon a servant echoed through
the room.  "Oh Charles - you are so amusing!  Alexa can have no idea how lucky
she is to be your slave."  But her words were not lost on the little slave who
had summoned just enough strength to writhe across the floor and feebly press
her forehead against her beloved master's shoe.  As he reached down and slid his
finger under her collar, Alexa felt a sudden rush of emotion.  The force of her
feelings shocked her - this IS my destiny!  I was MEANT to be HIS slave...I was
MEANT to be here at his feet!  We are linked - master and me - I FEEL it!

The man who had been in earlier to set the table arrived and waited for
Rosario's orders.  "Gianni, please keep Maria occupied with plenty of extra work
- she is NOT to be allowed time off this evening.  I take it everything is
prepared?  Tonight will be a special night and I want it to be perfect."  She
leaned across to fondly touch master Charles on the hand.  "You did manage to
have all the items we discussed delivered, Charles dear?"

"The consignment arrived from our New York Center this afternoon while we were
out riding, Rosario - Guy would have told me of any problems."  He grinned at
his hungry-eyed hostess.  "And I took the liberty of ordering some additional
equipment that you may find amusing!"  He was rewarded by her throaty, wicked
chuckle.  "But I suggest we pause for an hour if you can bear to wait - my slave
needs to be freshened up before she can be fed."

"Why of course - how thoughtless of me!  I'll have Gianni here carry my WARD up
to your suite."  (Again, that subtle play on words - why does she persist in
this futile claim over Alexa?)   She turned to speak but her servant had already
knelt and freed Alexa's leash chain from the chair.  With one swift move, Gianni
expertly scooped up the girl and effortlessly hoisted her over his shoulder. 
"Gianni is one of my grandfather's most trusted men, Charles.  He used to work
in one of our abattoirs but proved himself to be MUCH too talented with a knife
to be a mere butcher!"  She sauntered over to the bay window and settled on the
wide, cushioned ledge while her guests disappeared from the room.  Rosario knew
how to control her emotions in public but her excitement at what was to come was
so damn hard to contain! 

Too restless to sit for long, she got up then went across to a drawer and began
to check that each item inside was ready.  Rosario lifted out a red leather
riding crop and inspected it carefully, swishing it fiercely through the air,
smiling at the satisfying sounds.  The sun was already beginning to set across
the lawns - the fall seemed to have arrived so early this year.  It was at this
time that her thoughts were at their darkest.  She had been alone far too long -
witnessing the intense intimacy between Charles and his totally vulnerable,
trusting slave had exposed a well-buried emptiness she had felt inside ever
since...no, don't even GO there!  Oh, this night would surely be an interesting
and welcome diversion...but once she had sated her immediate appetite Rosario
knew the deeper hunger within would remain unmet.  Being Don Marco's
granddaughter certainly guaranteed her a fabulously rich existence but it was
also a barrier.  Rosario cut an isolated, lonely figure as she watched the last
reddish hues of the fading light ripple across the ornamental lake.  She let out
a long, forlorn sigh before suddenly straightening her shoulders, drawing in a
deep breath and throwing back her dark hair.  THAT'S ENOUGH!  Enough of this
wallowing in self-pity - tonight, girl you are going to be a DEMON!

*****

"Please help us!  My father is..."

"SILENCE!"  The oriental man walked across the deck and fiercely gripped
Caitlin's jaw making her squeal in fright.

"C-Caitlin, w--where are y-you...w-what is happening?"  Maria was searching
about, unable to locate her fellow victim and totally unaware that she was being
observed.  The cruel Oriental man placed a warning finger over Caitlin's lips
then moved very softly across the deck until he was standing to Maria's left
side.  He studied her darting, sightless eyes then waved his hand directly in
front of her face.  "C-Caitlin, I-I'm so afraid - are you there?"  Caitlin
gasped when the man swiftly pulled a viciously sharp-looking knife from his coat
and held it just inches away from Maria's belly.  He paused, smiled and replaced
the blade before dragging the Mexican girl by her hair towards the side of the
boat.  "UHHH, C-Caitlin!  PLEASE...OWWWW!!!"  Before Caitlin could scream and
beg for her friend's life, the Oriental picked up the struggling, terrified girl
and threw her overboard! 

Then the man turned and regarded her as she shook her head in mute disbelief and
horror.  "So, you are for Yasov new slave - excellent!  We teach Solsnetskaya
lesson not sell Yakusa cut Cocaine AND we get bonus Mikhailov number one ally
losing property and face too!"  She didn't know what this sadistic killer meant
- his harshly spoken words were meaningless but his obvious delight sent a
further chill up her spine.  Caitlin shook and kept her eyes on the deck - she
felt as though she would be sick after witnessing how he had ruthlessly tossed
poor Maria to her death.  He lashed out and grasped her right breast, twisting
and squeezing it until she shrieked in agony.  "Now you tell who is your father 
- maybe Yakuza make good price too for ransom!"

*****

He carries me
wrapped in a towel
over to the bed
and
dries me like a child
i wear His collar
His mark is on my body
everything is simple
for
He is Master
and
i am slave
i stretch out my limbs
to be cuffed
and
tightly chained apart
spread wide
and
taut so my body strains
for release
first the hard plug
into my ass
then three clamps
nipples on fire
clit screams in
sweet agony
He runs His hand
over my trembling belly
His fingers curl inside me
i gasp then
bite the merciful gag
no words
He chooses His silence
but
i have no sounds to give Him
He knows me
knows how to make my body dance
until
i can take no more
He knows the moment
His head moves down
He kisses me
as i yield
to His touch
for i am slave
and
He is
MASTER










HARVEST OF TEARS
CHAPTER 7
By slave ruthie - with Mistress Ranai's guidance&nbsp; 

(The scene was set - everything was prepared.&nbsp; The actors took their places.&nbsp; But two did not know the plot and one of these had no idea beyond a vague sense of unease that her life was changing - and it wasn't for the better...)

"And who, Charles, is this?"&nbsp; Rosario held out her hand to the strikingly handsome young man who was talking to Alexa's master in the lobby.

"Rosario, may I introduce doctor G�rard ________.&nbsp; He is one of our masters from the Organization's Swiss Medical Center near Basle."&nbsp; 

Charles watched G�rard take her proffered hand but instead of politely shaking it, his younger colleague bowed to brush her fingers with his lips.&nbsp; "Enchant�, mademoiselle."&nbsp; 

When G�rard stood, Rosario smiled.&nbsp; "My goodness - I had the idea your Organization was run by stuffy old men and you were the only exception, Charles!&nbsp; Tell me, doctor - or may I call you G�rard?&nbsp; Good, thank you.&nbsp; Are you here in your medical capacity or as a master?"

"Both, mademoiselle..."

"Oh please use my first name, G�rard - I'm sure Charles can vouch for you!&nbsp; Well, well - Basle, you say?&nbsp; I spent my teenage years at a convent school in Lucerne.&nbsp; My poor parents sent me there in the faint hope that I would return as a refined young lady.&nbsp; But by the time I was expelled, the poor nuns were convinced I was the spawn of Satan himself!"&nbsp; She spread her arms and shrugged.

"Vraiment...Rosario."&nbsp; G�rard glanced at an enigmatically amused Charles and raised a quizzical eyebrow.&nbsp; This charming, forthright young woman was completely different from what he had expected - she was neither a spoilt brat nor an immature, shallow ornament.&nbsp; Rosario had a sophisticated yet completely unpretentious air about her.&nbsp; G�rard couldn't help staring at his hostess either - Charles' new friend looked simply gorgeous.&nbsp; A long figure-hugging dress of black fabric embroidered with arabesques of the same color outlined her body.&nbsp; Her heavy dark hair was piled up on top of her head and held there with a comb.&nbsp; In each of her ears a single, square cut diamond caught the light.

Charles cleared his throat to break the lengthy silence between the young man and woman who he suspected would have happily continued smiling idiotically at one another for the rest of the evening.&nbsp; "G�rard has become quite the expert at 'speed breaking' a new slave.&nbsp; I thought he might assist you with young Maria should you be interested in watching him at work.&nbsp; Is the girl still working in the kitchen?&nbsp; Does she suspect anything?� 

Rosario laughed, as the spell was broken.&nbsp; "My people are ready, Charles.&nbsp; The equipment you kindly provided has been set up in the gymnasium - you certainly have an intriguing notion about what constitutes healthy exercise!&nbsp; I'm assured Marie knows nothing of our plans and her room has been prepared.&nbsp; So...tell me, has my ward fully recovered from her workout?"

"Alexa has had a little nap and a shower - Guy will be bringing her along shortly.&nbsp; Well then, shall we proceed?"&nbsp; He noted with relief that Rosario had linked her arm through G�rard's as they wandered into the conservatory.&nbsp; At least now he would be spared the embarrassment of having to turn down her advances.

Guy was already standing in the center with Alexa's leash in his hand.&nbsp; The naked, kneeling girl was very securely fettered as he had requested, with her wrists locked to the sides of a chastity belt, her legs restrained by ankle and thigh spreaders, and with a full head muzzle to prevent any repeat of the earlier biting incident.&nbsp; 

Rosario strode directly across and took the leash from Guy who left the room.&nbsp; "Charles, isn't it time for my ward to be fed?"

Alexa looked up and tried to work out what was going on - there was something odd about Rosario.&nbsp; She seemed slightly tense and distracted.&nbsp; Then the third person, who she hadn't seen properly earlier because her master had been in front of him, finally came into view.&nbsp; Alexa couldn't help herself.&nbsp; She gave a tiny, hoarse gasp and repeatedly clenched her cuffed hands in excitement.&nbsp; He slowly turned to look in her direction and smiled - it was master G�rard!&nbsp; But that meant...where was Nadine?&nbsp; Alexa eagerly pressed her muzzled face against G�rard's hand - she couldn't kiss his Master's Ring as the broad leather strap holding the penis gag inside her mouth covered her lips.&nbsp; G�rard ruffled her hair but he looked so sad when he noticed her peering around, obviously in search of her dear sister-slave.&nbsp; Why had he stopped smiling?&nbsp; What was wrong?

"She does not know, G�rard.&nbsp; I never told Alexa what happened at New York Center while she was surviving outside."&nbsp; Alexa looked up at her master, suddenly apprehensive and desperately wanting to know what he had avoided saying...but also desperately afraid of hearing awful news.

Rosario sat, curled herself on a deep, Cordoba leather-covered sofa and tugged gently but firmly on Alexa's collar.&nbsp; "My ward is not the only one who would like to find out what you two are shying away from.&nbsp; Come along, gentlemen - it isn't polite to keep a lady in the dark."

G�rard went to look through the conservatory windows at the illuminated fountains playing on the ornamental lake.&nbsp; Charles subtly motioned to Rosario who pulled Alexa closer in response.&nbsp; "Rosario, G�rard's slave - Nadine - was found dead from what appeared to be simple heart failure in our New York Center."

Rosario felt the naked slave at her feet begin to tremble.&nbsp; She lightly placed her fingers on Alexa's bare shoulder.&nbsp; Instinctively, the girl pressed her head against her hand.&nbsp; "I'm very sorry to hear of your sad loss, G�rard, but you said 'appeared', Charles - why?&nbsp; What really happened?"

"An autopsy discovered that Nadine had been held down with such force that her ribcage was cracked and she had been injected behind her ear with sufficient Digitalis to cause massive cardiac failure.&nbsp; We suspect that she was another of Miller's victims but we have no idea why she was killed."&nbsp; By this time Alexa was rocking back and forth with her head bowed.&nbsp; He knew she was sobbing but his mute slave could make no sound.&nbsp; That BASTARD, he thought.&nbsp; Even in death, Miller&#8217;s deeds still tormented Alexa.

G�rard strode across and knelt by the distraught Alexa.&nbsp; "Thank you for your sympathy, Rosario - I still miss her terribly."&nbsp; He reached out to cradle the shaking girl.&nbsp; "And I suspect this little slave somehow managed to avenge my poor Nadine and all the rest of Miller's victims."&nbsp; He stroked Alexa's head.&nbsp; "I think you did cause that vile murderer to fall to his death, didn't you little Alexa?"&nbsp; Much to her master's and Rosario's amazement, she nodded through her tears.&nbsp; "I thought as much.&nbsp; Charles, my very good friend, your slave has my eternal gratitude and respect."&nbsp; 

For a moment, no one spoke.&nbsp; Then Charles looked at Rosario who was staring down in amazement at his slave being cuddled and comforted by G�rard.&nbsp; "You see why I will not share her, Rosario?&nbsp; I am so proud of you, my Alexa!&nbsp; Master Stephen was right - you are one of the best slaves it is possible to own."

Rosario smiled and stroked Alexa's hair while G�rard sat down.&nbsp; "Well!&nbsp; It seems I've misjudged you twice over, little slave.&nbsp; At first I thought you were a rather pathetic weakling until your master told me how you protected my uncle Armando from his attackers...and now we hear you took out that predator, Miller, single-handed!&nbsp; My grandfather was right to adopt you into the Family&nbsp; - you've certainly earned your place here."&nbsp; She briefly rang a tiny bell before returning it to the table by her sofa.&nbsp; "Our special guest will eat now, Alfonso - fetch Maria to serve her."&nbsp; 

The servant, who had appeared almost as soon as the bell stopped ringing, looked down at the chained and muzzled naked girl with tears quietly trickling down her face.&nbsp; Then he smiled.&nbsp; "Si, padrona Rosario."&nbsp; Alfonso took out a handkerchief and lowered himself down on one knee.&nbsp; �Per favore, padrona?�&nbsp; Rosario nodded.&nbsp; Carefully, he dabbed the moisture from Alexa's eyes and whispered,&nbsp; "Schiavo bene...schiavo bene."&nbsp; He rose and left the conservatory.

"You seem to have made a friend of Alfonso, my dear.&nbsp; Unusual, considering his preference before we took him in was for gutting hookers on the Lower East Side with a filleting knife."&nbsp; Alexa shuddered and looked desperately up at her master who raised a finger, cautioning her to be still.&nbsp; Her dear friend and savior, Gina, had worked the streets in the same district where the servant had hunted his prey!&nbsp; "My late father was furious when he found out who was destroying our Family's business assets and ordered his execution.&nbsp; But I persuaded my grandfather that while we could easily replace the livestock, a good knife-man was harder to find...and Alfonso has proved himself to be very skilled in that regard ever since."&nbsp; She pulled Alexa closer and toyed with her hair.&nbsp; "Perhaps he recognizes the qualities of another professional.&nbsp; After all, your slave has killed at least twice to our knowledge, Charles."&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

When Alfonso returned, he was followed by an obviously unhappy Maria carrying a silver tray.&nbsp; She avoided looking at Alexa, waiting instead for one of them to indicate who wanted to be served.&nbsp; Rosario spoke sharply at the girl, noting her unease with satisfaction.&nbsp; "What are you waiting for?"&nbsp; 

Maria's lower lip trembled.&nbsp; She hated wearing the stupid, humiliating maid's outfit that made all the men leer at her partially exposed breasts, she missed her friends and family, and she wanted to go home.&nbsp; But she hated most of all being ordered about by that Italian-American BITCH.&nbsp; "S'il vous pl�it, mademoiselle..."

"It&#8217;s not for us, Maria, it&#8217;s for the slave.&nbsp; Put the tray down on the floor.�&nbsp; Rosario noticed how G�rard was carefully assessing every movement and reaction of the young maid.

Maria didn't even want to look at Alexa again, let alone go near the girl while they were watching.&nbsp; It was so degrading - she was naked and her hands were locked in cuffs on the sides of a metal strap around her waist.&nbsp; The strap was padlocked at the front to another metal band that went down and under between her thighs!&nbsp; Her head was stuck in a harsh-looking leather harness that completely covered her mouth.&nbsp; Maria followed the leash from the helpless girl's collar to Rosario's hand and shuddered with revulsion.&nbsp; However, deep down she knew she was secretly fascinated and envious...but that was so wrong and she felt terribly ashamed of her wicked thoughts.

"Well?&nbsp; While you are gawping, Alexa's food is getting cold."&nbsp; The mixed expressions on her unwilling maid's face were not lost on Rosario.&nbsp; She observed as Maria reluctantly obeyed and stepped closer, eyes riveted on the kneeling slave&#8217;s body, so tightly restrained and exposed.&nbsp; She was going to savor every moment of this girl's utter humiliation and submission.

Maria woodenly bent forwards to set the tray down in front of the girl everybody was calling a 'slave'.&nbsp; But that was impossible.&nbsp; There was no such thing in this day and age.&nbsp; The girl must be a prostitute in some kind of kinky bondage game.&nbsp; She couldn't actually be a real slave...could she?&nbsp; Maria couldn't help staring at her pierced nipples and glanced up only to find the girl looking directly into her eyes.&nbsp; "Please, h-how is she supposed t-to eat..."

"Obviously, you must help the slave."&nbsp; Maria jumped at the deep voice of the younger man sitting behind her and the way he deliberately emphasized the word 'slave'.&nbsp; Her cheeks felt like they were on fire - because of the maid's outfit's obscenely short hemline, he had a full view of her black knickers, suspenders and stockings!&nbsp; She immediately crouched and tried to pull the dress down to cover her backside.&nbsp; "You need to unfasten both the buckles on either side of her jaw."&nbsp; Maria swallowed nervously as she struggled to free the stiff leather straps.&nbsp; Inches from of her face, the leash dangled, held in the hand of the mistress of the house.&nbsp; When the front of the harness was loose, Maria gasped in shock as she pulled away the gag and saw the obscene plug emerge from the girl's lips - it was shaped exactly like the erect tip of a man's...of a man's...NO!&nbsp; She mustn't even THINK about it!&nbsp; It was DIRTY...but why did she want to touch it?

Maria removed the lid from the hot tureen and picked up a silver soupspoon to hand to the girl.&nbsp; Alexa stared down in confusion - there was no way she could reach her mouth while her hands were trapped in the cuffs.&nbsp; "You are just going to have to feed my slave yourself, aren't you, Maria?"&nbsp; It was the older man on her left who had spoken.&nbsp; Ohh, this was AWFUL!&nbsp; She picked up the napkin and wondered how on earth to...ohh she simply COULDN'T do this.&nbsp; "Yes, use the collar.&nbsp; You wouldn't want to scald my slave, would you?"&nbsp; Maria sensed the threat in the man's voice and carefully tucked the starched white cloth behind the gold ring around Alexa's throat.&nbsp; With a trembling hand, she held the first spoonful up to the silent girl's mouth.

Alexa felt terribly sad.&nbsp; She couldn't take in the news about her dear sister-slave's cruel death.&nbsp; Ohh Nadine - why?&nbsp; She was one of the kindest, compassionate people Alexa had ever met.&nbsp; It wasn't fair!&nbsp; She looked up at her beloved master Charles who slowly nodded back.&nbsp; He knew how much she was shocked and hurt by the dreadful revelation.&nbsp; He pointed to the spoon.&nbsp; Food was the last thing on her mind.&nbsp; He wanted her to eat - she would have to try.&nbsp; Alexa reluctantly opened her lips and tasted the soup.&nbsp; Something familiar...the flavor...she looked up at Rosario in confusion.

"Don't you like your Minestrone, Alexa?&nbsp; It's from a new range of authentic Italian dishes made to traditional recipes."&nbsp; Rosario looked at master Charles.&nbsp; "We are not usually in the habit of serving our guests anything other than the best of home-made meals but this is a special case.&nbsp; I have invested some of my ward's trust fund in a new food processing business.&nbsp; We've called it 'Lucia's Kitchen&#8217; in memory of uncle Armando."&nbsp; Rosario frowned at the look of pained grief on the girl.&nbsp; "I thought you'd be pleased, not upset, Alexa."

Charles intervened.&nbsp; "Please give her time, Rosario - my slave has been through a lot lately."&nbsp; He softened his tone and whispered to Alexa.&nbsp; "Finish your soup then I'm taking you to my room, slave."

They watched her eat in silence.&nbsp; Each was lost in private thoughts while the anguished, weeping slave forced herself to swallow between mute sobs.&nbsp; Maria felt so sorry for Alexa but she had no idea what they were talking about - she also felt very afraid but didn't know why.&nbsp; Rosario pondered how lonely she felt and briefly envied her ward's intimacy with Charles.&nbsp; G�rard remembered his lovely slave, Nadine, and fought to control his rage at her loss.&nbsp; And as for Charles...he reflected upon how incredibly fortunate he had been to end up with such an excellent slave.&nbsp; Perhaps it was finally time to break the seal on the large envelope that Stephen had left for him to be opened only after his death.&nbsp; He had put it off out of guilt for not following his good friend's wishes by saving Alexa instead of executing her in the traditional way after Stephen had ended his own suffering.

The last spoonful was finished.&nbsp; Charles picked Alexa up like a child in his arms and carried her towards the door.&nbsp; "Please excuse us - it has been a long, traumatic day for my slave and I'm sure you two have many things to discuss.&nbsp; Good night."&nbsp; 

Rosario dismissed Maria with an indifferent wave.&nbsp; "Go to your room.&nbsp; Now."&nbsp; 

Maria curtseyed and hurried out, relieved to get away.&nbsp; Not a word of acknowledgement or thanks from that evil bitch!&nbsp; She simply used people and forgot about them the minute they were out of the door.&nbsp; And the way the other servants put up with it, only mentioning their &#8216;mistress&#8217; in hushed voices, hurrying to satisfy her every whim!&nbsp; She would NOT be intimidated like the others.&nbsp; She would not suck up to that filthy rich woman, even if her life depended upon it!

"How long do you think it'll be before she's back down here?"&nbsp; Rosario went over to a drawer and removed her favorite red crop.

G�rard shrugged.&nbsp; "It depends how she reacts to what's been done to her room.�&nbsp; He silently admired Rosario&#8217;s poise, her graceful movements, the black dress of raw silk cut to flatter her stunning figure, the tiny light reflections in her jet hair.

And she knew he liked what he saw.&nbsp; She walked over to the drinks cabinet and turned around to study him from afar.&nbsp; She let her eyes travel over his well-shaped muscular shoulders, longing to feel them in her hands.&nbsp; His face still bore the handsomeness of youth, but around the eyes laughter and sorrow had left their traces.&nbsp; His hands spoke of the skill of his profession.&nbsp; He sat relaxed and calm, without fidgeting under her scrutiny.

Rosario gestured towards the selection of bottles and carafes.&nbsp; �Bourbon?�&nbsp; He nodded and murmured his thanks.&nbsp; "So...tell me about this 'speed breaking' of yours.�

"Well, the best way to introduce you to it would probably a practical demonstration.&nbsp; I am pleased to say that I have had very gratifying results.&nbsp; But like any method applied on humans it is neither completely predictable nor infallible.&nbsp; For example, from what I've seen, you would be extremely difficult to break with any lasting effect.&nbsp; I could certainly subdue you, Rosario.�&nbsp; She looked at him with cool, calculating eyes.&nbsp; "Oh I could easily overpower you and force you to obey me...but I would never be able to turn my back on you or trust you.&nbsp; I don't believe you would ever freely and totally submit like Alexa does.&nbsp; She has the most naturally submissive nature I have ever seen.&nbsp; You, however, would seek justice&nbsp; - and exact a terrible revenge, of course."

Rosario raised her glass.&nbsp; There was a predatory glint in her eye.&nbsp; "Of course...but I would bide my time.&nbsp; The saying is true you know - revenge is a dish that is best served cold."

He couldn't help smiling.&nbsp; "I'm sure your family has taken it to heart."

"Oh we've made it our motto."&nbsp; Rosario studied his face.&nbsp; "G�rard, this is my house.&nbsp; I could easily use a stun-gun on you, order my staff to overpower you, spike your drink.�&nbsp; Her guest, who was sipping his Bourbon, gave a small cough.&nbsp; "Before anybody would come looking for you, I could have you shipped to my home in Calabria.&nbsp; I could put you through so much pain that you would gladly swear to obey my every command for the rest of your life.&nbsp; But I could never relent in my physical control over you, because unlike various other people you would probably never freely and totally submit.&nbsp; If you saw a chance, you would also try to seek revenge &#8211; or simply run away."

"Touch�," G�rard conceded, toasting her with his bourbon before ruefully adding,&nbsp; "I think I asked for that."&nbsp; He put his glass down and looked at her, inclining his head.&nbsp; She decided she liked this young man very much.&nbsp; He was self-assured but not arrogant and had not, so far, tried to impress or flatter her. 

The door to the conservatory flew open.&nbsp; Maria stormed in, shaking in rage and distress.&nbsp; She confronted an indifferent Rosario.&nbsp; "Somebody, SOMEBODY h-has taken all my things!&nbsp; M-my room's been emptied and stripped BARE d-down to the floorboards!&nbsp; I've had ENOUGH - I'm SICK of your pathetic, silly games and the way you've treated me since I arrived, Rosario.&nbsp; I don't CARE what happens to papa if I leave.&nbsp; I'm going back to my family in Bruges and there's NOTHING you can say or do to stop me!"&nbsp; In her blind range, Maria failed to notice that G�rard had quietly closed and locked the door, trapping the young maid with them in the room.

Rosario slowly looked up and down the agitated figure before her.&nbsp; "Somehow I doubt you'd be particularly welcome at home."&nbsp; 

"What the hell do you mean by THAT?"&nbsp; Maria's voice rose as she became increasingly hysterical.

"Oh nothing really, just that Interpol is keen to trace you and your lover regarding the multi-million dollar theft from your father's bank."

"Th-that's a LIE!&nbsp; I never stole...but I don't even HAVE a lover - I'm a vir...ohh you're making this up!"&nbsp; The young maid clenched her fists and stamped her foot in exasperated confusion.

"Anyway, it seems your poor father was found shot dead in his study shortly after you both vanished and your prints, Maria, were on the gun.&nbsp; The police think you shot him and fled after he discovered how you'd cleaned out several 'special' accounts belonging to some of the bank's more unsavory Middle Eastern clients."&nbsp; Rosario drained the last sip of her Bourbon.&nbsp; "They too, I understand, are eager to get their hands on you but this is definitely something to avoid.&nbsp; Once they have grown bored of raping and torturing you, they will kill you as slowly and painfully as possible.&nbsp; They start with the fingertips and toes, I believe..." 

"NOOOOO!!!"&nbsp; Maria sank to the floor and covered her face in shock and disbelief.

"So it looks like you&#8217;ll get life for grand theft and for your father's cold-blooded murder - unless, of course, the disgruntled account holders find you first."&nbsp; Rosario sighed.&nbsp; "Here am I sheltering you at great personal risk, and this is how you repay me - oh dear!"&nbsp; Rosario stood.&nbsp; ''Now...what was that ridiculous nonsense about leaving, slave?"

Maria jumped up and ran shrieking to the conservatory door but the man called monsieur G�rard blocked her path, expertly twisting her hands up her back to force her down onto her knees.&nbsp; "Oww!&nbsp; My f-fingers!&nbsp; Let g-go PLEASE - you're HURTING me!"&nbsp; But he didn't release her.&nbsp; Maria wept bitterly in fright, at the shocking news that her beloved papa was dead, and at her awful predicament - she was hopelessly TRAPPED! 

Rosario strode over until she was right next to the sobbing maid.&nbsp; She pushed the tip of her red leather crop under Maria's chin.&nbsp; The girl recoiled and tried to turn her head away but G�rard seized hold of her hair and forced her head back with one hand while bending Maria's fingers backwards with the other.&nbsp; Rosario rubbed the crop against Maria's trembling mouth.&nbsp; �Look at me.�&nbsp; Rosario&#8217;s voice was like ice.&nbsp; �Understand this.&nbsp; The choice is yours.&nbsp; Either you surrender yourself completely to me, or I abandon you to lifelong incarceration or, most likely, an agonizing death.&nbsp; If you seek my protection, you will be mine, to do with as I please.�&nbsp; She traced the crop across Maria&#8217;s breasts.&nbsp; �I will expect no less than absolute obedience at all times from my slave.&nbsp; There will be no law in your life but my will, no goal but to please me.&nbsp; Do you understand, Maria?�&nbsp; The girl gazed at her wide-eyed, unable to even nod with her head pulled back in G�rard&#8217;s grip.&nbsp; Rosario raised the crop and held it a finger&#8217;s breadth from Maria's trembling mouth.&nbsp; �If you accept becoming my slave, my personal property, kiss the tip.�&nbsp; 

A moment&#8217;s silence in the room.

�Choose.�&nbsp; And, with an anguished cry, the girl pressed her lips to the end.
She raised her eyes, blurred with tears, and looked into the face of Rosario, her new owner.

G�rard leaned over and whispered in Maria's ear.&nbsp; "Now you know what Alexa feels like - you've envied her, haven't you Maria?&nbsp; That's why you went into her bedroom and touched her, didn't you, slave?"&nbsp; She wept bitterly as her shameful secret came out.&nbsp; "You were seen running into the bathroom by Guy."

"Actually," Rosario added, "I watched the video of the whole episode.&nbsp; You're very skilled at masturbating another girl for a mere virgin, Maria."&nbsp; The kneeling girl wailed as her indiscretion with Alexa was laid bare.&nbsp; "Matter of fact, you get pretty excited in your room on your own too."&nbsp;&nbsp; 

Maria gaped up at her tormentor.&nbsp; "Y-you've b-been spying on me in my ROOM...mon Dieu!"

�Certainly.&nbsp; From now on I&#8217;ll have you sleeping with your hands locked away from your body, until you have fully understood that your sex belongs to your mistress.&nbsp; Your training starts tonight.&nbsp; Should you ever try to leave, or disobey me in any way, I&#8217;ll let you experience the downside of Arabian &#8216;hospitality&#8217; and we&#8217;ll send what&#8217;s left of your body to the police.&nbsp; Do you understand?�

"Y-yes..."

G�rard bent Maria's fingers further backwards until she squealed in pain.&nbsp; "Show some respect, slave - say 'yes, mistress Rosario'."

"Y-yes, m-mistress...Rosario!&nbsp; OWWW!!!"&nbsp; Maria yelped as the horrible red crop made contact with her left breast.

Rosario laughed out loud.&nbsp; �Nice sensitivity there.&nbsp; Come on - that was only a tap."&nbsp; She lifted the hem of the maid's dress with her crop.&nbsp; "Open those thighs, slave&nbsp; - kneel straighter and clasp your hands behind your head."&nbsp; G�rard let go of Maria's fingers but did not release his grip on her hair.&nbsp; "Oh stop sniveling, for goodness sake!"&nbsp; Rosario sawed the end of the crop up and down along the line of Maria's cleft, making the distressed girl writhe as fabric of her knickers rode against her clitoris.&nbsp; "Hmm...I think it's about time we saw you properly.&nbsp; Strip!"

Maria trembled as the man tightly gripping her hair took hold of the clasp at the back of her neck and slowly unzipped the maid's dress from her collar to her waist.&nbsp; "No bra?"&nbsp; G�rard lightly scraped a fingernail down her spine, enjoying the way she shivered at his touch.&nbsp; "Do as your mistress commands you, slave."&nbsp; With tears cascading down her face, Maria pulled the puffed sleeves down her arms and let the skimpy garment fall to her knees.&nbsp; The man behind her forced her to stand up and step out of the pool of black satin around her feet.

"Much better."&nbsp; Rosario employed the tip of the crop again to correct Maria's posture.&nbsp; "You're quite a lovely slave&nbsp; - nice rounded breasts for such a young age, excellent complexion...I want this hair shorter, though.&nbsp; You've got a very pretty face and it's such a shame you hide it."

G�rard leaned forward and gently spoke in his captive's ear.&nbsp; "I'm going to remove my hand from your hair, slave.&nbsp; You understand there's no possibility of escape, don't you?"

"Y-yes."

"Good girl.&nbsp; Clasp your hands behind your head again and don't even think of disobeying us - you know you can't win and resisting will only make things worse.&nbsp; Now I'm going to remove your shoes, stockings, and suspenders..."

She cried.&nbsp; Maria sobbed pitifully but she didn't try to stop what the man was doing.&nbsp; First, her plain black leather shoes were unbuckled and pulled off her feet; his expert fingers freed her stockings from the suspender belt, opening the front clasp to remove it from her narrow waist; he was unbearably gentle as he slowly rolled each seamed stocking down her trembling legs until her only protection from complete nudity was the pair of black, satin knickers that matched her discarded dress.

Rosario traced the crop's end around Maria's right nipple.&nbsp; "I'm going to allow you to finish stripping yourself.&nbsp; I want you to pull down your panties very slowly, then stuff them into your cute little mouth."
"Uhh, I-I...ohh p-please, mademoiselle!&nbsp; D-don't m-make me...AIEEE!!!"&nbsp; She was totally unprepared for the stinging pain of the crop on her backside.

�Do as you&#8217;re told.�&nbsp; Rosario jabbed Maria just above her crotch with the crop.&nbsp; With a mournful sob, her victim hooked her fingers under the sides of her briefs and began peeling them down her thighs.&nbsp; "Slower.&nbsp; I want you to remember every second of this experience.&nbsp; This is the moment when you surrender your body to me.�

Maria stepped out of her last vestige of modesty and woodenly lifted her panties to her lips.&nbsp; "I-I c-can't...�&nbsp; Pleadingly, she looked at her new mistress.

Rosario said nothing, her face impassive.&nbsp; She had given an order; she expected it to be obeyed.

Maria closed her eyes but her tears wouldn't stop.&nbsp; She pushed the satin fabric between her teeth until her cheeks were wadded with the garment that smelled and tasted of her own crotch.&nbsp; Utterly defeated, Maria didn't struggle while G�rard secured her wrists in handcuffs behind her back.&nbsp; He smiled, said 'well done' and 'good girl' and sealed her gagged mouth shut with a strip of wide tape.&nbsp; But when her ankles were cinched in bracelets on a short chain, she began to get frightened again...although it was far too late to run!

Rosario accepted the red leather collar from G�rard with a smile.&nbsp; "Oh would you be so good as to...�&nbsp; But he had already yanked Maria's head back by her hair in readiness.&nbsp; �Thank you.�&nbsp; Rosario tugged the stiff leather strap through the buckle before clicking the padlock shut through the hasp.&nbsp; Attaching the leash that G�rard had conveniently carried in his suit pocket, Rosario gently stroked Maria's cheek and whispered&nbsp; "Come along, slave.&nbsp; You&#8217;re going to have a busy night."

*****

Master Charles firmly stretched the chain from Alexa's ankle cuffs taut before locking the end to the metal bed frame.&nbsp; He critically inspected her wide leather restraints, satisfying himself that, while she could barely move, the blood flow to her limbs was unrestricted.&nbsp; As he adjusted her thigh spreader to ensure it could not slip over her left knee, she twisted her blindfolded head and expectantly opened her mouth.&nbsp; "No, little slave - no gag tonight.&nbsp; You are too precious to risk choking in your sleep.&nbsp; I wouldn't want to lose you too."&nbsp; (Damn!&nbsp; Why on earth had he said that?)&nbsp; 

Then he suddenly recalled the reason.&nbsp; Tomorrow would have been Laura's birthday.&nbsp; The wall of sorrow reared up again as he stood by the bed, quietly remembering his childhood best friend from their first day together at kindergarten, who had become his sweetheart then eventually his wife.&nbsp; (My Laura, with her laughing eyes, cheeky grin and her long, long braided dark hair...)&nbsp; 

The other boys had taunted him and called him a 'filthy squaw-lover".&nbsp; But his widowed father had seen the love and tenderness growing between his solitary, lonely child and the pretty Blackfoot girl from the neighboring reservation.&nbsp; Her folk were from a proud nation but they had adopted his son as an honorary member of their great tribe.&nbsp; So Jean-Luc had readily given his blessing and even built a new house for the young couple.&nbsp; They had filled their modest, isolated homestead with love and joy...until tragedy struck before their first wedding anniversary.

Master Charles was so glad he had blindfolded his slave.&nbsp; That way she couldn't see his grief.&nbsp; Although nearly twelve years had passed since Laura's death, the pain of losing her - and his guilt over his failure to protect her - had not diminished.&nbsp; He wiped his stinging eyes and stroked Alexa's hair, thinking how much Laura would have liked this timid girl and taken her under her wing.&nbsp; Laura was the same with any wounded bird or animal and she would never leave a suffering creature untended.&nbsp; Alexa's harsh, brutal childhood and traumatic experiences in slavery would have broken his late wife's heart...

Alexa mouthed something but her voice was too soft to make out her words.&nbsp; Master Charles bent down and hooked a finger under his slave's restraint collar just below her left ear.&nbsp; Alexa shivered and he smiled on seeing again the peculiar effect down one side of her body.&nbsp; A solitary nipple had hardened and her skin was covered in Goosebumps but only on the left, never the right.&nbsp; "What did you say, little Alexa?"&nbsp; He put his ear closer to her mouth.

It seemed like his slave was attempting to talk for the first time in her life.&nbsp; In a faltering, tiny whisper, she managed to utter several words.&nbsp; "Please...may this...slave, please...serve its master?&nbsp; Please?"

Master Charles fought down the urge to shout with relief at the transformation in his mute slave.&nbsp; He reached over to the dresser and picked up a ring gag.&nbsp; "You may, my slave but only as I choose.�&nbsp; He pinched her nose to make her open her mouth wider then fitted the gag so her jaws were safely forced apart.&nbsp; "I'm not taking any risks with you getting too excited, slave."&nbsp; Alexa's body shook - she was silently chuckling!&nbsp; Master Charles could not remember the last time his little slave had laughed and to see her being neither sad nor serious was a huge boost - in more ways than one!&nbsp; 

He discarded his shorts and knelt on the bed, extending the chain from her neck before pulling her body further down the mattress.&nbsp; Alexa squirmed in anticipation as she felt a pillow being positioned under her backside to raise her cunt higher off the firm bed.&nbsp; He extended the adjustable bar between her knee cuffs, forcing her thighs further apart, then pulled the chain from her ankles tighter and re-secured it to ensure she was completely immobilized.&nbsp; After checking that she wasn't being asphyxiated by her restraints, master Charles guided his erection between Alexa's lips and through the steel ring into her mouth.&nbsp; She eagerly raised her head to take him deeper into her mouth, straining against the wide leather collar on its taut chain.&nbsp; Alexa sucked and pressed the tip of her tongue just under his glans, knowing exactly how to make him...&nbsp; 

"No, not too fast.&nbsp; Take things slower - that's better, yes.&nbsp; Ahh...GOOD little slave."&nbsp; Master Charles turned round, still penetrating her mouth, until he was facing her body.&nbsp; He leaned forward, put out the tip of his tongue to...slowly...lick...her...clit.&nbsp; 

The effect was electric - Alexa stiffened as though a shock had passed between them.&nbsp; She tried to concentrate on sucking while her wonderful master teased, lapped, and tormented her helpless body.&nbsp; "I thought you females were supposed to be capable of multi-tasking!" he remarked dryly while pulling her swollen inner labia further apart with his strong fingers.&nbsp; "Then again, you do seem a little distracted at the moment."&nbsp; When he used his teeth to gently chew her stiffened tiny member, Alexa lost all concentration, all control, all thought...&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

She reveled in the utter helplessness and security of being completely restrained and pinned down by her master's comforting weight while he fucked her ring-gagged mouth.&nbsp; Five times he had reduced her to a quivering orgasmic wreck before he even considered satisfying his own desires!&nbsp; Alexa lay obediently waiting for the moment when the man who owned her would thrust into the back of her mouth and explode his seed inside her throat.&nbsp; He was about to cum - the telltale signs were all there.&nbsp; Her master slowed his pace ever so slightly; his erection trembled and became harder; he pulled back until the edge of his glans was held against the ring between her teeth...

...Then came the familiar hot, slightly bitter taste of her master's semen erupting into her mouth.&nbsp; Alexa exhaled just as he thrust forward in the way she had learned to expect - master Charles liked to sink his erection in as far as possible as though he wanted to drive his ejaculation even deeper into her body.&nbsp; It had taken her a long time to overcome her fear of suffocating and to control her gag reflex but she had eventually learned the art of 'deep throating' to perfection.&nbsp; Tiny points of light danced before her blindfolded eyes and her chest revolted against oxygen starvation.&nbsp; Alexa forced herself to keep sucking as he slowly pulled out of her mouth, draining the last drop of cum from his erection.&nbsp; As soon as his glans had unplugged her throat and the gag was removed, she took a huge gasp of sweet air before swallowing his semen - at last she could breathe!&nbsp; 

He removed her blindfold and stroked her cheek.&nbsp; "That...was so damn good!&nbsp; There's only one thing wrong, though."&nbsp; Master Charles grinned as he sensed her discomfort at the thought she had disappointed him in any way.&nbsp; "It's your slave index rating - the scale only goes up to ten and I believe you've just exceeded it!"










HARVEST OF TEARS

 
  default
  Normal
   jim
  2
  12
  2006-03-28T14:10:00Z
  2006-03-28T14:10:00Z
  1
  4501
  25659
  213
  60
  30100
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  Clean
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








HARVEST OF TEARS

CHAPTER 8

By slave ruthie

&nbsp;

By the time they
reached the gymnasium, the naked maid was pulling back on the leash in sheer
terror.� She had nearly stumbled twice
when her foot tripped over the short hobble chain between her ankles.� Rosario - no, �mistress� Rosario - had shown
utter indifference towards Maria's growing distress.� She had merely yanked the leash to tug her
captive onwards, except for one occasion when Maria was too frightened of
falling to go down the stairs to the basement.�
&quot;You still don't understand, slave - you have no choice any
longer.� In fact, you've had no choice
but to obey since your stupid father offered you as surety he would settle the
shortfall in our accounts.&quot;� Maria
squealed in misery as she realized that she had been betrayed by her own father
and now she was being framed for his fraudulent deeds AND his death!

&nbsp;

Rosario strode behind
the terrified girl, lifted the leash until Maria's collar was digging into her
neck under her jaw then forced her forwards.�
&quot;Slave,&quot; she whispered, &quot;You must learn to trust me - I
will not let you fall.&quot;� She prodded
her forward with the tip of her crop.�
&quot;I will, however, let you choke in your pretty collar if you
stumble.� Now, put out your foot and step
down.&quot;

&nbsp;

Maria gurgled in fear
but she hesitantly moved her right leg, trying to feel the edge of the stair
with her toes.� She couldn't see how far
down the first step was with her head forced up by the horrible collar.� It was like stepping off a cliff.� Maria had an insane urge to throw herself
down the staircase in the hope that she would be injured and they would have to
stop their cruelty.� She was afraid of
'mistress' Rosario but she was even more afraid of breaking her own neck.� She closed her eyes and put her right foot down.

&nbsp;

&quot;Good slave.� And now the next step.� Hurry up - I haven't got all
night.&quot;� Rosario casually chatted
away to G�rard as her prisoner carefully negotiated the steep steps down to the
gymnasium.� &quot;I had this part of the
house converted - grandfather kept the basement as a storage area for special
items and unwilling 'guests' but the Family has increasingly diversified into
real estate and other mainstream commodities.�
We no longer rely so heavily on goods and services that need to be kept
from prying eyes.&quot;� When Maria
reached the bottom of the staircase, Rosario employed her crop to swat the
girl's naked backside.� Her victim yelped
and moved forward at the sharp prompt.

&nbsp;

G�rard silently
admired the view in front.� There was
something electrifying about the way Rosario was controlling the naked,
restrained maid.� Although Charles had
suggested she might need guidance when breaking in the girl, from what he had
already seen, Rosario was eminently capable of dealing with a new slave on her
own.

&nbsp;

G�rard had realized
something else.� He was physically
aroused by watching how Rosario used every opportunity to teach her maid about
her new status as a slave.� Intense,
peculiar and disturbing thoughts filled his imagination.� He was a master, an expert at bringing
females to utter submission but here he was, fantasizing about taking Maria's
place - naked, chained and helplessly under Rosario's absolute control!� The startling image of himself submitting to
this young woman was so unsettling, so alien to his nature...yet why did he
have such a stiff, almost painful erection?�
Had she noticed?� Would Rosario
sense the turmoil in his mind as un-bidden dreams of submission undermined his
safe, predictable, dominant background?

&nbsp;

It was unfortunately
at that moment Rosario chose to turn around and confront him.� &quot;You've gone very quiet.�� Her expression changed from mild amusement to
surprise.� &quot;G�rard, are you
alright?� You seem troubled by
something.&quot;

&nbsp;

He had to look away -
she knew!

&nbsp;

&quot;We'll talk about
this later.&quot;� Her smile was
enigmatic.� &quot;I have Maria to deal
with...first.&quot;� Another sharp swat
with her crop across her bare thighs propelled the trembling girl forward with
a squeal.� &quot;Stop whining, slave girl
- that is nothing compared to what is coming.&quot;� When they reached the gymnasium, Alfonso was
waiting by the door.�� 

Rosario propelled the
terrified naked girl forwards and handed her leash to the smiling older
man.� &quot;Maria claims she is a
virgin.� Alfonso - I want to make sure
that is definitely no longer true and I expect her to be well-experienced in
all three orifices by sunrise.&quot;� The
servant nodded but showed no more emotion as he pulled the frantically mewing
girl closer.� &quot;No lasting marks or
mutilation, mind.� I want her kept in one
piece...for now.&quot;� She strode into
the room and surveyed the special equipment provided by master Charles.� &quot;That one will do to begin with,&quot;
she said, pointing to a cruel-looking metal device with crossbeams and thick
leather straps.� &quot;Alfonso, make sure
Maria 's tightly secured.&quot;� She
turned to the other men, ignoring the terrified squeals from the girl being
dragged over to her fate.� She came
across and examined Maria who was struggling futilely in the stocks.� Alfonso was attempting to force a ring gag
harness into the terrified girl's tightly clamped mouth.� &quot;Here, let me help.&quot;� She grasped a handful of hair and pulled
Maria's head back then pinched the maid's septum between her immaculately
manicured fingernails.� 

&nbsp;

When Maria opened her
mouth to scream in pain, Alfonso deftly wedged her jaws apart with the leather
covered steel ring.� &quot;Grazie,
padrona,&quot; he murmured, and began to fasten the harness straps behind the
whimpering girl's head.

&nbsp;

&quot;She's still
moving too much.� Alfonso, tighten the
straps again but don't cut off the little animal's circulation.� And extend the frame - I want to see her legs
wider and more taut.&quot;� Rosario moved
round to examine Maria's harnessed head.�
&quot;You were very disobedient, resisting poor Alfonso like
that.&quot;� She stroked the girl's
drooling face.� &quot;And disobedient
slaves need to be punished for their own good.�
You will find that I reward compliance but I do not tolerate any
failure.&quot;� Rosario walked across to
a nearby table and selected several objects.�
&quot;I think we'll soften her up first.�
I want my new pet to be fully receptive during her first lesson.&quot; 

&nbsp;

When her right breast
was lightly touched, Maria shuddered but the tight straps pinning her down to
the padded frame prevented any further movement.� Something began to squeeze her nipple - the
pressure increased until it hurt!� She
squealed in discomfort but the crushing pain did not cease.� Rosario moved round to her left side.� Maria felt the fingers on her sensitive
breast before her left nipple was seized by the vice-like clamp, causing her to
squirm uselessly against the doubled discomfort.� 

&nbsp;

&quot;These clamps are
very interesting.� I assume the contacts
on either side are to conduct electricity?&quot;� Rosario looked expectantly at G�rard for
clarification.

&nbsp;

&quot;Ah, yes - the
clips have two terminals to apply a high voltage between the jaws.&quot;� He motioned towards the trolley.� &quot;There is a third clip if you wish to
employ it?&quot;

&nbsp;

Rosario considered for
a moment.� &quot;Yes, I think Maria needs
to fully appreciate the consequences of failing to please me.� Will you do the honors with the wiring,
G�rard dear?� I am not familiar with this
device and I presume you are.&quot;� As
she collected the last clip and moved behind Maria, the trapped girl's frantic
cries became more urgent.� By now, she
could only move her hands, feet and head a little - Alfonso had tightened the
restraints again and extended the cruel frame so her legs were under strain and
her spine was being stretched forwards.�
Rosario used her fingers to separate the poor girl's outer labia and
slowly let the spring-loaded teeth of the third clamp bite down on her hooded
clitoris.� Maria shrieked and wept
bitterly but no mercy was shown.�
&quot;Alfonso, I think a light flogging all over her lovely body will
bring some more color to her skin - please aim for maximum pain but minimum
marks, si?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Si,
padrona.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Bene.&quot;� She looked down at her attire.� &quot;Hmm...I really don't want to ruin this
good dress.� G�rard, would you look after
things while I change?� I will be back in
about half an hour.� Remember, no using
her anywhere...until I return.&quot;�
Rosario gently kissed the top of Maria's head.� &quot;Well, I'll leave you in these
gentlemen�s capable hands, slave.� G�rard
will show you what the clamps can do and Alfonso will make you
more...responsive.� After all, this is
your d�but night as a slave and I want this to be an unforgettable experience
for you.&quot;� Alfonso smiled as Rosario
sauntered out of the gymnasium without even a backwards glance at her terrified
prey.

&nbsp;

G�rard couldn't help
admiring the cat-like way Rosario moved as she departed with her stunning dress
clinging to her equally stunning figure.�
As the gymnasium's door clicked shut, he crouched down behind the maid's
helplessly exposed body and used his thumbs to spread the moaning girl's
exposed labia painfully apart.� &quot;The
hymen appears almost intact.� Judging by
the tightness of the vestibule, this girl's vagina has only ever held a
tampon...and perhaps her finger.&quot;�
He ignored Maria's horrified cries as her most intimate details were
openly discussed by her assailants as though she was an animal on public
display!

&nbsp;

G�rard stroked the
hard edge of his Master's Ring down the sole of Maria's right foot, making her
toes curl.� He noted the telltale signs
of her tiny rosebud tightening between her soft buttocks.� &quot;A good reflex too - this one will be
very responsive to the right stimuli.&quot;�
G�rard looped a leather thong around the girl's left big toe, tightening
the slipknot before tying the other end to the base of the frame.

&nbsp;

This simple act proved
to be the last straw for Maria.� As her
feet were cruelly stretched down, she burst into forlorn sobbing.� Her whole body ached.� The pain of the clamps mercilessly biting
into her tender breasts and vulva were unbearable.� And she was terrified of worse things to come.

&nbsp;

The faint humming
sound of the box on the nearby trolley made her squeal even louder.� She could feel something being attached to
the clamp on her left breast.� The doctor
was crouching, reaching under her chest to do the same thing to her right
breast.� She strained her head and saw
red wires hanging from the buzzing box that seemed to lead towards her
body!� He was behind her now, his hand
brushing against her inner thighs.� A
momentary pricking sensation in her clitoris made her squirm but all she managed
to do was hurt herself by straining against the cruel restraints.

&nbsp;

G�rard walked slowly
around his subject.� When he crouched
down by her head, she turned her face away and closed her eyes.� But he simply took hold of her chin and
forced her to look at him.� &quot;This is
going to hurt, Maria.� In fact, this will
hurt more than anything you have ever suffered in your short life.� Do not worry though - you are not going to be
mutilated or killed...yet.&quot;� He
smiled, knowing how his chilling words would affect the terrified girl.� &quot;You are drooling too much.� We need to find something for you to
suck.&quot;� He picked out an inflatable
penis gag strap from the neatly laid out equipment and paused to lubricate the
black rubber tip along her moist cleft.�
&quot;Did that feel nice, slave?�
Your sweet little cunt will shortly be feeling many interesting
sensations.� Keep your head still.&quot;

&nbsp;

But she wouldn't -
Maria desperately tried to turn her forced-open mouth away from the obscene
rubber plug that smelled of her own sex.�
Her efforts were useless.� A
painfully strong grip on her hair forced her mouth towards the intruder.� Moments later, Maria was recoiling at the
unfamiliar taste of rubber and her own vaginal juices.� &quot;There - it is not so difficult, n'est
pas?&quot;� He shoved the penis gag
deeper into her mouth until the leather base was pressing against her
forced-open lips.� Once the buckle was
tightened behind her head, G�rard lifted up the bulb and held it in front of
her horrified eyes.� Maria's reaction to
the first squeeze was immediate - she moaned and shook her head in anguish, as
the thing in her mouth grew larger, pushing her tongue down while it pressed
against the roof of her mouth.

&nbsp;

She couldn't bear
it.� Her mouth was filling up!� &quot;UUUNNN!!!� UUMMMPHH!!!&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Encore, p�tite
Maria.&quot;� G�rard kept on squeezing
the bulb while he tenderly stroked her hair.�
Then he pinched her nose shut. 

&nbsp;

&quot;MMMPHH!!!
MMMMM!!!&quot;� She couldn't
breathe!� He had cut off all her air!

&nbsp;

&quot;You see how easy
it is to let you die?&quot;� G�rard let
go of her nose and allowed her to inhale before closing her nostrils
again.� &quot;The skill is in taking a
slave to the brink of death without...��
Again, she was allowed a single breath before his grip returned to block
her air passages.� &quot;...going too
far.� Some claim that if a girl is choked
during orgasm or penetration, the sensations are intensified.&quot;� G�rard pursed his lips in disapproval and
allowed another desperate breath.� &quot;I
have seen no evidence to support this theory.�
I have, however, dealt with the consequence of experimental
failure.&quot;� He released her nose and
moved to the collar around her neck, pulling it up to compress her
windpipe.� &quot;As a training method
though, Breath Control is a most useful way of teaching a new slave how to
obey.&quot;� He held her collar until her
frantic head movements subsided then let go to give her sweet relief.� G�rard took a blindfold strap from his pocket
and tightened it firmly at the back of Maria's head, blocking out all light
from her terror-stricken eyes.�
&quot;Soon, we will begin your breaking, p�tite esclave.� But not until I have had a coffee.&quot;

�

*****

&nbsp;

A tremendous crash
roused him from restful sleep to total alertness within a second.� After diving for cover and grabbing the gun
from under his pillow, master Charles crouched down to minimize his profile,
quietly released the safety catch then waited.

&nbsp;

Silence. 

&nbsp;

Turning on the bedside
lamp, he immediately noticed two peculiar things: Alexa was missing from the
bed and the large, heavy wooden dresser had been tipped over onto its
front.� He scanned the room and
whispered, &quot;Alexa?� Little slave -
where are you?&quot;� A tiny, scraping
noise made him quickly aim the loaded weapon into the darkest corner of the
guest suite.� Carefully moving closer, he
found Alexa huddled against the base of the wall.� She was shaking violently and holding her
arms outstretched, as if she was being crucified.� 

&nbsp;

Master Charles felt
sick with dread.� Was his slave having a
seizure or a cardiac arrest?� One of the
unfortunate side effects seen in sterilized slaves, who had hormone-enhancing
implants like Alexa, was an unusually high incidence of a thrombosis.� If Alexa was having a CVA, it might cripple
or even kill her - just as it had done to Lyssa, master Stephen's former
personal slave and Alexa's predecessor.�
&quot;Alexa, look at me.� Come on,
girl - open your eyes and look at me!&quot;�
But she did not respond.� Her
hands were clenched so tightly, he feared she might break her own fingers.� &quot;Alexa, do as you are told, slave - LOOK
at me NOW!&quot;� When her eyes
eventually flickered open, she did not look at him but stared vacantly at the
ceiling.� Master Charles was struck by
the expression of sheer terror and agony on his slave's face.� Alexa was gasping and trembling
violently.� &quot;Little slave, hey -
come back, my Alexa...&quot;

&nbsp;

She turned towards the
sound of his voice, shuddering as her mouth worked in absolute horror.� Master Charles sighed with relief - she had
moved all her limbs so it wasn't a seizure after all.� But why was she looking so tortured?� Alexa was certainly prone to waking fearfully
in the middle of the night but she always seemed to find reassurance in her
restraints...DAMN!� He had released her
after their oral sex and fallen asleep with her cradled in his arms.� He had forgotten to secure her again
afterwards!� She must have woken from a
nightmare without the comfort of being secured to the bed then panicked.� But master Charles had never seen her looking
so terrified as this.� He checked her
vital signs: her heart was racing but steady; her breathing was rapid but
shallow; her skin was slick with perspiration but cold and clammy to touch. 

&nbsp;

A soft knocking on the
door to the suite made him turn around.�
Guy was standing there with a silenced gun in his hand.� &quot;Everything alright, sir?&quot;� He raised an eyebrow at the overturned
furniture then smiled.� &quot;Sorry for
intruding, sir - heard the crash and just thought to check things were
okay...&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Guy, things are
NOT okay.� Something has happened to
Alexa - look at her.&quot;

&nbsp;

Guy lowered the gun
and crouched down to examine Alexa.�
&quot;Is she having another attack, sir?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;'Another'?� What are you talking about?� Guy, have you seen her like this
before?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Yeah, you know -
like after you got back from Antigua.�
Remember when you had to leave her at the Ranch while you chaired that
Masters' Convention down in Houston.&quot;

&nbsp;

Master Charles
frowned.� That had been the only night
since Alexa returned from the clinic when he had not been with her.� And there had been a problem with his slave
but he hadn't been told!� &quot;Damn - I
knew absolutely nothing about this!� What
on earth happened?&quot;

&nbsp;

Guy looked
uncomfortable.� &quot;Got called down to
the pens.� Duty supervisor said Alexa'd
gone plum crazy, got her arms out rigid - bit like this but not as severe.� Thought you knew, sir.� Told the night team to put it in the incident
log.&quot;� 

&nbsp;

&quot;This is the
first I've heard about it!� Somebody is
going to get HELL for this oversight.�
What did you do when it happened, Guy?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Sedated her -
gave her a shot of Pentothal, then we got her into a straightjacket and did a
full tie-down on a gurney.� Had a problem
getting an airway in with her throat all swollen up after her operation, so I
stayed with her in case she choked.�
Seemed to do the trick because in the morning she was fine.� Look sir, I really thought you knew about
it.&quot;� Guy peered closer at the
quivering girl.� &quot;Want me to call a
medic from the Center, sir?&quot;

&nbsp;

Master Charles looked
down at his slave.� Alexa was stirring
weakly and looking around the room with a dazed expression.� &quot;No, she's beginning to come round.� Leave it just now, Guy.� And don't tell Rosario or her people about
this, okay?&quot;� He indicated towards
the dresser.� &quot;Could you put that
back before you go?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Sure.� No problem, sir.&quot;� Guy stood up and shook his head at the pathetic
figure lying slumped against the wall.�
&quot;Poor kid.� She's one of the
best, sir.&quot; 

&nbsp;

&quot;Yes,&quot;
master Charles murmured, &quot;I know.&quot;

&nbsp;

But the chest was too
heavy for him alone.� Guy had to ask for
help.� With a struggle, they managed to
set the solid mahogany unit back against the wall.� &quot;How did she tip it over on her
own?&quot;� Guy had no answer and looked
equally baffled before quietly leaving the room.

�

She began to weep when
her master gently scooped her up from the floor.� Alexa had no idea how she had ended up in the
far corner of the guest suite.� All she
could remember was drifting contentedly off to sleep with her master's powerful
arms wrapped around her sexually exhausted body.

&nbsp;

She remembered the
awful nightmare, however.� In painful
detail, Alexa experienced the horrible sequence of events while she was being
executed: the padded bench with the broad Velcro straps that pinned her body
and arms; the green walls and tiled floor of the death chamber; the curtained
windows of the witness rooms; the sharp stab of the catheter into her arm; the
cold sensation of the drugs entering her veins; the agony of being paralyzed
and unable to breathe...and, most chilling of all, the mocking, soft laughter
in her ears.

&nbsp;

It was definitely
getting worse.� Every time Alexa had the
horrible recurring nightmare, it was increasingly vivid and more detailed.� How was she able to see, hear, feel, smell
and even taste in a dream?� It all felt
so real!� 

&nbsp;

Charles sat his slave
next to him on the bed and gently stroked her head.� When Alexa reached up to touch her gold
collar and breathed a huge sigh of relief, he smiled.� It was an endearing habit of hers to finger
the golden band that circled her neck - a comfort that she sought for
reassurance.� His smile turned into a
frown when he saw the inside of her right forearm.� She was bleeding. 

&nbsp;

�A dark, ugly bruise had formed just above her
wrist around a peculiar, linear incision that was still seeping blood.� &quot;Look what you did to yourself,
Alexa.&quot;� When he turned her hand
outwards to show her the injury, her face drained and she began to shake.� &quot;You must have cut your arm on the
dresser.&quot;� He could feel her tensing
up, covering her shocked mouth with her left hand, staring in horror at the
wound.� &quot;Don't worry - you probably
caught it on a splinter.� It is not a
deep cut and should not leave a permanent mark.&quot;

&nbsp;

Alexa barely heard
him.� She knew why her arm was injured,
even though it was impossible...and it frightened her so much she felt
physically sick.� The wound was in the
exact spot where the long needle was forced into her arm during the execution
nightmare!� 

&nbsp;

He stood her up so she
was facing him.� &quot;Guy told me you
had a similar episode before, little slave.&quot;� Master Charles lifted up Alexa's chin, making
her look up into his eyes.� &quot;You
seem to be badly affected by something during sleep.� We will need to find out why.� I also dearly want to know how you managed to
overturn the dresser on your own when it took two strong men together to lift
it upright.&quot;� He brushed a line of
tears from her cheek.� &quot;Now let's
get you safely back to bed.� Go and
freshen yourself up first.� Be as quick
as you can while I find a bandage for that arm.&quot;

&nbsp;

When Alexa came back
from the bathroom, master Charles dressed her arm with a small plaster then
made her turn around and stand to attention.�
&quot;Hands behind your back.�
Feet slightly apart.� Head up
high, slave.&quot;� The leather cuffs he
had selected were wider than usual and had two locking buckles instead the
usual one.� At the sound of the final padlock
clicking shut, Alexa visibly relaxed.�
&quot;Stand straight - you were not permitted to move, slave.&quot;� 

&nbsp;

Somehow, she forgot
about the horrible dream and concentrated on being fully obedient.� This was exactly what she needed right now -
to be under her master's control...and safe.�
By the time he had secured her ankles together and wrapped a posture
collar around her neck, she felt much calmer.�
He kissed her on her lips before fitting a padded blindfold strap
snuggly around her head.� 

&nbsp;

Master Charles stared
down at his property for a moment before gently pulling the duvet over her
restrained body.� The chains on her
collar and ankle cuffs would prevent her from getting out of bed again.� His poor slave was so exhausted that she was
already asleep.� Unfortunately, he felt
too alert to go back to bed.� 

&nbsp;

Perhaps it was time to
do what he had avoided since claiming little Alexa instead of killing her.� Sitting at the small table so he could keep
an eye on the helpless, faintly snoring form of his personal slave, he broke
the seal on the large jiffy bag and emptied the contents out for
inspection.� As expected, there was a
handwritten letter addressed to him.�
Master Charles took a sip of his favorite single malt whisky and began
to read.

&nbsp;

*****

&nbsp;

Was it the dreadful
searing sensations through her poor breasts and vulva, or the relentless
lashing of her aching back and legs that made Maria go beyond maddening pain
into...what?� She was so frightened, so
afraid for her life and yet there was another feeling too - excitement?� 

&nbsp;

She had been left
isolated, cruelly strapped to the horrible frame, gagged by the obscene rubber
thing that seemed to fill her mouth, blindfolded and in discomfort from the
clamps on her sore breasts and tender pussy.�
They had not spoken or touched her but she knew they were there.� 

&nbsp;

Without warning, a
savage current bit into her left breast.�
Her whole body stiffened and she screwed her eyes shut under the
blindfold.� A matching jolt burned
through her right breast.� Maria clamped
her jaws against the ring between her teeth in a desperate attempt to find any
relief from the awful sensations across her sensitive nipples.� It didn't work.� When the electric shock tore through her
labia and clitoris, she couldn't fight anymore.�
Maria lost control of her bladder, releasing a jet of hot urine that
sprayed and splashed over the marble floor behind her racked body.

&nbsp;

&quot;Dirty slave - I
see another device is needed.&quot;�
Whatever G�rard meant, became horribly clear as a new, stinging began
between her thighs.� It felt like a hot
needle entering where she peed!� If she
could have screamed, Maria would have howled the house down but all she could
manage was a ragged gurgling sound.� This
pain was impossible to bear!�
&quot;Bien.� Warm her up, Alfonso
- random strokes but please keep clear of her body when you strike with the
whip.&quot;

&nbsp;

She heard him through
a blur of agony.� Surely nothing could be
worse than this?� Then the fire began to
rain down from her shoulders to the back of her legs...

&nbsp;

*****

&nbsp;

&quot;A most interesting
man, your new president.&quot;� The
senator sniffed dubiously at the tiny cup of steaming brew that his slave had
served.� &quot;You sure this is just tea,
little Guli?&quot;� He smiled and reached
down to pat her head at the sight of her anxious expression.� &quot;Don't worry - it's a joke.&quot;� But she still looked seriously up at
him.� &quot;I'm being funny, dear
slave.&quot;� When the senator tickled
her ear, Guljana finally grinned, then chuckled with a mixture of mirth and
relief.

&nbsp;

Such a beautiful
face.� He reached out and touched her
soft cheek.� &quot;Nearly time to get
yourself dressed, my little slave-jewel.�
Remember to keep your collar hidden under that scarf - we don't want to
reveal your status to people too ignorant to understand how valuable you
are.&quot;� His slave smiled and looked
down at the beautifully woven rug below her bare legs.� &quot;Your president has mastered the fine
art of speaking without actually saying anything.� He would fit in well at Capitol Hill,&quot;
he added ruefully.� &quot;Well?� What did YOU think, little Guli - he's from
your part of the country.� Can we really
trust this man from Kandahar?&quot;

&nbsp;

Guljana thought for a
few seconds.� &quot;I...trusting him,
senate-master.� He is good-man -
pardon.� He is a good man.� Presidens K_____ says many much with his eye
and hand, master.� He is know a man of
honor to my people.&quot;� She blushed
and grinned.� &quot;He is very much
handsome also.&quot;

&nbsp;

The senator
laughed.� &quot;Well, he certainly liked
you, my pretty slave-jewel.� Matter of
fact, he couldn't take his eyes off you!&quot;�
He reached down and patted her head in response to her horrified
expression.� &quot;I can hardly fault
him, my dear.� You do seem to have that
effect on the male of the species!&quot;�
Guljana looked confused.� The
senator realized she did not understand his words.� No matter.�
&quot;Now, what are you going to do while I am at the Jirga?� There is no way for you to stay with me.� The presence of a woman, particularly a
'foreign infidel', is extremely offensive to the Talib negotiators - they are
only seeing me under sufferance.&quot;�
He paused - she was crying again.�
&quot;Guli, I am assigning a guard to look after you.� You will have your very own US marine to keep
you safe.&quot;� He leaned forward and
whispered conspiratorially.�
&quot;Sergeant Gomez is also one of us, slave.� You could say he's a kind of 'talent scout'
for the Organization.&quot; 

&nbsp;

Guljana tried to
control her feelings.� She could not
shake off the awful fear that something bad was going to happen.� But how could she explain it to her
senate-master?� He was going into extreme
danger and she knew how ruthless the men he was meeting could be.� And he was worried about HER safety!� &quot;A slave thanking her senate-master who
she is love very much.&quot;

&nbsp;

Her deep, dark eyes
and trembling lower lip were too much to bear.�
He was going to arrive late at the presidential palace...but who could
resist such temptation?

&nbsp;

*****

&nbsp;

&quot;She is ready,
padrona.&quot;� Alfonso bowed and handed
over his flogger to a smiling Rosario.

&nbsp;

&quot;Grazie.� Go upstairs and choose two of the staff to
help with Maria's lesson.&quot;� She
strode across to the frame.� &quot;Do not
return until I call you, Alfonso.� I want
a private word with my new slave.&quot;�
When G�rard started to follow the servant, she called him back.� &quot;No, G�rard.� I want you to stay.� Close the door and lock it.&quot;� When she shrugged off her trench coat and let
it fall to the floor, he found it impossible not to stare.� &quot;Yes, I know its terribly theatrical but
I did not want Alfonso thinking it was for his benefit.&quot;� 

&nbsp;

G�rard could see what
she meant and wondered exactly whose benefit Rosario had in mind - Maria,
himself, or...both?�� For Rosario was
attired from collar to toe in a black leather, figure-hugging catsuit with
matching long gloves, and stiletto thigh boots.�
&quot;Be a dear and help me with this harness, G�rard.&quot;� She had tightened a wide belt around her trim
waist and was standing with her hands on her hips and legs slightly apart.� &quot;I will allow you to fasten my crotch
strap.� Tell me - what do you think of my
outfit?� It's not too much for you, I
hope.&quot;

&nbsp;

Oh she knows exactly
what she's doing to me, thought G�rard.�
&quot;You look...very imposing, Rosario - very much the
dominant.&quot;� So much indeed that he
was having trouble controlling his voice as he knelt down.� &quot;Please...your ankles - wider
apart...�� He felt so tongue-tied, like a
schoolboy!� When he reached up inside her
legs, he paused at the sight of the strap dangling between her thighs.� This was no ordinary strap-on belt - apart
from the connector on the front for attaching interchangeable dildoes, there
were two extra plugs fitted on the inside of the strap!� 

&nbsp;

Rosario looked down
and raised an eyebrow.� &quot;Is there a
problem, G�rard?&quot;� Her tone was
amused and slightly mocking.� &quot;But
SURELY you can unzip me and secure the strap properly.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Of course, it
will be a pleasure, Rosario,&quot;� he
smiled up at her, &quot;but SURELY you will want these lubricated first?&quot;

&nbsp;

Rosario chuckled
softly and stroked his cheek with a leather-gloved hand.� &quot;And how, my dear doctor, do you propose
to do that?&quot;














HARVEST OF TEARS

 
   
  Normal
   jim
  2
  58
  2006-05-09T17:39:00Z
  2006-05-09T17:39:00Z
  1
  1871
  10670
   
  88
  25
  12516
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  Clean
  
  
  6 pt
  6 pt
  0
  3
  
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}


 

 
  
 






HARVEST
OF TEARS

CHAPTER
9

By
slave ruthie 

&nbsp;

&quot;To
my dear friend Jean-Charles,

&nbsp;

���� You will be reading this after my death
but do not think poorly of me, for suicide is not always the coward's way out
that some people believe.� If I am guilty
of cowardice, it is for asking you to deal with Alexa after I have gone.� Leaving her behind is the most difficult
thing I have ever done - even worse than deciding to have my Lyssa put down
after her brain hemorrhage.� 

&nbsp;

���� I have set my affairs in order, leaving nearly
everything to my daughters who will be told their father suddenly passed away
due to an undiagnosed heart condition, while abroad on yet another covert
diplomatic mission.� They do not need to
know about the lung cancer.� While they
blamed my long absences overseas for ruining their parents' marriage, Jennifer
and Christine know absolutely nothing about the Organization, or about their
half-brother, Marek.� Ah, Marek - I
dearly wish I had known my son while he was growing up.� He has turned into a fine young man but I
feel great regret that his mother never told me about him until his arrest for
war crimes in Croatia.� I hope he will
enjoy the contents of my rare erotica collection in the Ch�teau, no doubt while
sampling my other collection of Cognacs!�
Please extend to him your friendship and counsel - unfortunately, he has
inherited my stubborn streak and tendency to be blunt to the point of
tactlessness!� I am so proud of him
taking over as head of the Ardennes Ch�teau and hope he might join you one day
on the Executive Council.

&nbsp;

���� Despite my illness, this last year has
been one of the happiest of my life, due in no small part to owning the best
slave I have ever trained.� My Alexa has
been astounding in her submission and devotion to me.� Jean-Charles, I have loved and enjoyed many
women in my lifetime, all of them special and unique, but (aside from my Lyssa,
of course) never one so much as this small, English slave girl.� Alexa may look unremarkable, although she is
far from ugly, but her qualities as a personal slave are very special.� Did you know she achieved a perfect Slave
Index rating within a mere five months of being collared?� That alone, I believe, is an Organization
record.� Despite my best intentions, and
what I said to you after Lyssa's cremation about never wishing to own another
slave, I came to love little Alexa and I believe she has equally returned my
affections.� She has certainly never
given me any reason to doubt her feelings.

&nbsp;

���� My friend, I placed an unfair and heavy
burden on you by asking you to execute Alexa in the traditional manner, should
I be too ill to manage on my own.� The
truth is that I could not bring myself to kill my own love-slave, not even out
of mercy.� As a consequence, I feel I
have let her, and you, down.� However, it
also did not seem right to end her life just because her Master was due to
die.� Somehow, I felt this was quite
wrong and would leave matters strangely incomplete - I do not know why and have
agonized over what I take to be a lack of nerve on my part to do the right
thing.� Perhaps it all reminded me too
much of losing my dear, sweet Lyssa. 

�

���� And yet as I write this, I have a feeling
that things may not have turned out as planned.�
Forgive me if I have misjudged you, Jean-Charles, but I should not be
surprised if you have allowed little Alexa to live.� If you have, then I would not mind at all but
in fact, would be relieved and dearly hope that you might have found a place
for her at your feet.� Alexa would make
any Master delighted to own her and even the notion that she might now be yours
gives me great pleasure.� If I am wrong
and you did indeed put her to death with the Spike and Noose, I can only hope
she died well.� Knowing Alexa, she would
probably refuse the sedative but I trust you will have prevented her suffering
needlessly.� For all your reputation as
the harshest of Masters, Jean-Charles, I have never found you to be a
gratuitously cruel man but one who only inflicts the minimum pain necessary to
help a slave reach higher standards of submission.� I believe you have the same standards when it
comes to dispatching slaves and the others during your career in CovOps for
NATO prior to joining us in the Organization.�
You know, you were always evasive but promised to tell me one day the
reason you resigned your commission and now I will never find out why!

&nbsp;

���� Whether my sweet Alexa is dead or now
wears another's collar (and I dearly hope it is yours), you still need to hear
the truth about her past and her nature.�
I do not know how much you might have discovered or figured out for
yourself but this may help fill in any blanks.�
If you enter Alexa's index number - 7663389 - at the online Slave
Register at https://_____________.gov, you will find very few details about her
origins and even these are incorrect.� 

&nbsp;

���� When we harvested Alexa, I made copies of
the original files for my own records, before passing them to Dr __________ for
her pre-collaring medical assessment.� I
did not suspect that he would destroy most of the documents and alter on-line
entries, although I later came to understand why he did this.� Perhaps I made a mistake by keeping these
copies - you must now decide whether they should be shredded and incinerated.� Here is a summary of the key points:

&nbsp;

���� According to the data online, Alexa Rachel
B_______ is an only child born in London on _________ to a single parent, and
sired by an unidentified father.� However, she is actually the unexpected by-product of our abandoned
research program at the R_____ Institute to breed naturally submissive females
for the Organization's livestock program.� Her &quot;mother&quot; was one of the thirty
surrogates offered free fertility treatment by a bogus charitable clinic in
London's Harley Street and her &quot;father&quot; did not technically exist.
Alexa and all her other 'sisters' grown for the program were actually created
by the fusion of two ova extracted from slaves who had been specially selected
for their physical and mental characteristics - attractiveness and
submissiveness.� Forgive the scientific
jargon but genetically, Alexa is a &quot;recessive hybrid XXXX accidental
twin&quot;.� Her birth twin, who was
spontaneously aborted at five months, was sent to the Institute for autopsy as
usual.�� However, the researchers did not
know that the surrogate then carried a SECOND fetus to full term. 

&nbsp;

���� Alexa had a pretty dreadful childhood by
anyone's standards and here the information is patchy.� If you look at the copies taken from her
Social Services file we acquired from the London Borough of ________, you will
see that she was born without medical assistance at her grandmother's apartment
in South London.� It seems Alexa's
'mother' suffered from a nervous breakdown after the abortion and separated
from her husband.� She began to drink
heavily and became addicted to crack cocaine, subsequently working as a hooker
to feed her drug habit.� She left the old
&quot;grandmother&quot; to raise Alexa until this woman died three years later.� Alexa then stayed with the &quot;mother&quot;
until she was removed into protective custody.�
These next few years with her surrogate parent were horrendous and it
sickens me to think about how my little slave was subjected to physical,
mental, and sexual abuse from an early age.�
Alexa's surrogate apparently loathed her and probably only kept the
child for the state benefits and to &quot;entertain&quot; the lodgers she took
in.�� 

&nbsp;

���� It appears that Alexa was assessed as
'borderline educationally sub-normal&quot; and attended special schools.� Frankly, I cannot comprehend this, as she is
quite intelligent.� Perhaps her shy
manner and traumatic upbringing hindered her performance.� She ended up in care following suspected
non-accidental injuries to her fingers.�
Although the surrogate mother was cautioned, she was not convicted of
child cruelty for lack of evidence.� This
woman had no further contact with the child and disappeared afterwards - her
current circumstances or whereabouts are unknown.� Alexa remained in care, staying with
short-term foster parents and in several residential homes until her surrogate
mother's widowed sister returned to the UK with her two young daughters from
Australia.� As far as I can tell, this
woman traced my slave to a hostel for subnormal adolescents and helped her find
employment and a place to live. 

&nbsp;

���� When I found her, Alexa was working
virtually day and night to pay off rent and fuel arrears to a creep of a
landlord.� She was being grossly
overcharged for her lodgings.� Our boys
taught him a lasting lesson and I nearly left things at that.� I only intended to have her harvested out of
pity, believing that slavery within our Organization offered the girl a shorter
but better life than the drudgery of her 'freedom'.� 

&nbsp;

���� It all became very complicated when I took
her into my limousine on a whim instead of having her caged for immediate
shipment.� Jean-Charles, this girl
submitted to me on the spot without any training or even being broken.� I have never seen or heard of a female
imprinting so rapidly.� My friend, you
will call me a romantic old fool but from the moment I took hold of her collar,
she was mine and always had been - crazy, isn't it?�� The rest you know but perhaps you did not
hear exactly why the Council closed down the breeding program as it occurred
before your election and the records were sealed.

&nbsp;

��� �Harvesting all these girls proved to be a
major operation, stretching our resources to the limit.� Great care had to be taken to clean up all
traces of their removal in case anyone connected together the spate of sudden
deaths of similarly aged young girls throughout the UK.� Household and vehicle fires were mainly used
to substitute charred corpses for the harvested produce.� The program turned out to be a total failure.� All of Alexa's other &quot;sisters&quot; did
not reach full term or had to be destroyed after harvesting.� The clones were characterized by accelerated
physical maturity and remarkable beauty.�
However, as you probably heard, they also exhibited unpredictable
violence and aggression towards themselves and others.� Alexa does not share their tall, attractive
features but has occasionally shown signs of their extreme strength.� Jean-Charles, look at the metal ring inside
this envelope.� It is made from
tungsten-vanadium steel and has sheared well away from the weld.� Metallurgical tests confirmed the steel is
not flawed but must have been subjected to several tons of force to fail like
that.� Would you believe me if I told you
it was attached to the rear of a slow-choke collar and Alexa's wrists were
cuffed to it high up BEHIND her back?�
She was being tortured at the time by a rogue guard and was almost
impaled on an execution spike when I intervened.� How on earth did she break the ring,
especially in that position?� Dr __________
told me he suspected Alexa's outburst of strength was triggered by pain
overload but I am not convinced.� She was
put through quite a severe breaking by Marek and never once exhibited a similar
reaction.� If you own her now, keep a
careful watch for any peculiar displays of excessive power.� 

&nbsp;

���� Now this is also going to sound a little
crazy but I always had the feeling that Alexa was not actually mine.� Instead, I felt that she was &quot;on
loan&quot; and I was merely Alexa's guardian, preparing her for something or
someone else.� Do not get me wrong on
this, I have loved keeping her and training her to the best of my ability.� Perhaps it is only an illusion caused by my
pain meds but I am convinced Alexa was destined for something of great
importance.� What an idiot I must sound
when you read this but I stand by what I just wrote.� If she is dead, it does not matter any more
but if she is still alive, please watch over her, Jean-Charles - even if you do
not own her.� Humor your foolish old
friend and fellow Master in this - there is something about this girl that I
can't quite put my finger on.� She is
special and I hope to goodness she is at your feet.

&nbsp;

���� Please excuse my sentimentality.� You will find the other contents of this
envelope hold no particular value if Alexa has been disposed of or, if she is
alive, they are beyond price.� I leave
their fate (and hers) in your hands.� 

&nbsp;

���� Farewell, Jean-Charles.� Find yourself a personal slave if you haven't
got my Alexa - you can't grieve for Laura for the rest of your life.

&nbsp;

���� Your friend and former sponsor,

&nbsp;

���� Stephen.&quot;














Master Charles put the letter on the sheaf of copied documents and
stared across at his diminutive slave lying in the king siz






 
   
  Normal
   jim
  2
  3
  2006-05-09T17:40:00Z
  2006-05-09T17:40:00Z
  1
  5701
  32500
   
  270
  76
  38125
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  Clean
  
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 


st1\:*{behavior:url(#ieooui) }







 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








HARVEST
OF TEARS

CHAPTER
10

By
slave ruthie 

&nbsp;

Master
Charles put the letter on the sheaf of copied documents and stared across at
his diminutive slave lying in the king size bed.� Aside from occasionally pulling up her feet
as far as the ankle chain allowed, she had barely moved and seemed to be in a
deep sleep.� 

&nbsp;

It
was impossible - she did not even look like the R_____ clones, although he had
only ever seen photos and a video of one being killed after she had broken her
trainer's back.� It had taken three
guards with shock prods to get her off his twisted body, then several bullets,
including one through her heart, before she had finally stopped lashing
out.� The Institute had tried to create
perfect slaves but had ended up breeding monsters.� Those who died in infancy and the terribly
deformed fetuses that mercifully failed to reach birth were the lucky ones.

&nbsp;

He
took another sip of the 25-year-old Macallan whisky
to steady his nerves and reached inside the envelope for the last few
items.� He picked up the twisted steel
ring and examined the sheered edges where it had broken - not only had the ring
been buckled out of shape but the metal had been cleanly snapped through.� 

&nbsp;

There
were also several rosettes for First Place in Slave Obedience Exams and
Artistic Merit in Pole Dancing, and a Certificate of Commendation for
unaccompanied singing 'My Love For Master' at the European Slavery Convention
in the previous year.� It pained him to
realize that his virtually mute slave once had a fine voice and that he had
ruined it when she was slowly choking while she fought against execution on the
spike.� 

&nbsp;

Then
there was the collar.� Master Charles
held it up to examine the beautiful craftsmanship of the ornate gold band.� It was embossed with an interwoven Celtic design
and bore the inscription:� 'Alexa 7663389 - Propri�t� de Ma�tre �tienne _____ - Ch�teau
________'.� Attached to the tether ring
near the almost invisible slide lock was the fiercely coveted and highly prized
M�daille d'Or to show she
had attained the highest possible Slave Index rating� - 10 points.�
In open auction, a slave sold with this extremely rare gold disc on her
collar could command a seven-figure sum and he actually owned one!

&nbsp;

Perhaps
Stephen had kept these poignant reminders of Alexa's
achievements to plead the case for her survival.� However, her first Master also knew very well
what had to be done and had avoided doing it.�
Master Charles felt no anger towards his deceased friend and former
mentor.� After all, Stephen had been
slowly dying of lung cancer - his judgment would have been affected by the
terminal illness and pain meds.� Master
Charles lifted the crystal glass to his lips, paused then put it down again
without taking a sip.� He had lost all
appetite for his favorite drink and knew the reason why � he was faced with an
awful task.� The self-imposed solitude of
the last near-decade had been a safe alternative to repeating the awful pain of
losing his dear wife.� By claiming Alexa, he had broken the curse of loneliness and found new
joy and hope�but all of this was about to be lost once he did his duty as Head
of Security and killed the little slave who lay sleeping on his bed.� It wasn�t fair!

&nbsp;

Pacing
the floor of the suite, he went over and over in his mind
the pros and cons of allowing Alexa to live or
executing her as quickly as possible.�
Was she really as dangerous as the doctor believed?� She was not a pure clone � she was merely a
small, extremely submissive girl who was so compliant she never objected or
challenged any order or demand.� Perhaps
the cuff ring had been broken before Alexa had bent
it apart.� That must be the answer � some
other girl had weakened it first as she died on the spike.� Anyway, how could he face Rosario and explain that her little
ward and adopted Family member was dead because Alexa
presented too great a risk, not just because of what she might do but because
of what she represented?� It would cause
a war between the Mafia and the Organization.�
All the years of careful negotiations and co-operation to keep organized
crime in the States under joint Government and Family control rather than in
the hands of unpredictable foreign gangs would be wasted.� It would have a knock-on effect throughout
the criminal world and break the secret� treaty that had delivered Fascist
Italy into Allied hands.� No, he would
have to think of another pretext to justify killing Alexa
that would satisfy Rosario�but what could he possibly
say?� 

&nbsp;

�And what of himself � he had built his
reputation as a Council member on his rigid, unwavering sense of duty.� Yet he had risked throwing away everything
when he relented while Alexa hung in the noose.� Instead of placing her back on the spike and
watching her slowly impale herself while she choked, he had inexplicably lifted
her up, freed her collar then resuscitated her.�
When he informed his fellow members that he was claiming Stephen�s
personal slave for himself, Contessa D�____, the head
of Buenos Aires operations, had phoned him to ask if he was
unwell!� What was he supposed to do now -
destroy all the incriminating evidence of Alexa�s
origins and pretend she was just another slave?�
But what happened if she WAS dangerous?�
Alexa could attack him or some other
Master.� She might even resist while he
tried to kill her.� The thought was
enough to provoke him into reaching down to check she was securely fettered to
the bed.� She was still restrained but he
added an extra pair of heavy-duty rigid cuffs to her wrists so she could
definitely not fight back.� Master
Charles slumped into his chair and contemplated his next move.� Should he throw away his personal happiness
and do his duty or let his pretty little slave live on and ignore the risk to
himself and others?� No, it was far from
easy.� In fact, it was an awful dilemma
to face alone.� For a brief, foolish
moment he considered waking Alexa to ask her opinion
on her own fate.� No, that would be cruel
and potentially quite risky if she was as dangerous as the doctor had
warned.� Taking a deep breath, he
reluctantly made up his mind.

&nbsp;

Draining his glass, Master Charles sighed heavily and reached into his
jacket pocket for the garroting wire.� He
had to set aside any personal feelings - Alexa could
not possibly be allowed to live now that her true origins had been
revealed.� He gently loosened the three
buckles at the back of the posture collar and managed to remove it without
waking her.� Slipping the end of the wire
under her freshly exposed neck, he re-threaded it through the eyelet and
re-attached the pull-ring.� One sharp,
powerful tug upwards would rapidly crush her windpipe and cut off the blood
flow to her brain, while dislocating her second and third neck vertebrae to
sever her spinal chord.� It would happen
so fast that Alexa would barely feel a thing before
losing consciousness.� A
simple, clean death.

&nbsp;

But it was far from simple.� She
lay on her side, her mouth slightly parted as she innocently slept away the
last few seconds of her life.� He thought
of the first woman he had ever killed - a radical student organizer who had rebelled
against her country's corrupt r�gime.�
Her father had been a government minister but she knew too much about
his perverse sexual tastes and could have caused a brutal civil war if she had
exposed him.� Her name had been Esmeralda
and she had been so beautiful that the younger Charles had almost failed the
C__ contract.� He had seduced her, made
love to her, then snapped her soft neck with his bare hands.� 

&nbsp;

Some of the faces of other women and girls who had either died at his
command or from his own actions began to invade his thoughts - the attractive
but deadly terrorist, posing as a high-class hooker, who nearly succeeded in
her bid to assassinate a key industrialist...the tearful house slave who had
inadvertently killed a guest in a bondage game that had gone wrong...the pretty
girl tourist who had unfortunately witnessed an army major raping a...STOP it!

&nbsp;

He tightened his grip on the garrote ring and steeled himself.� This was so hard.� His hand was shaking and his mouth felt
dry.� Alexa
roused slightly and licked her lips but did not wake up.� He could smell her feminine, slightly earthy
scent that he had come to know and love so well.� Come ON, man - control yourself!� Make it quick so she doesn't suffer.� You owe her that at least.� He tensed his body, took a deep breath
and....heard a familiar, unmistakable voice that gently whispered, &quot;Bring
her back home, my beloved.&quot;

&nbsp;

LAURA?� Master Charles let go of
the garrote and turned around in shock.�
Of course, there was no one else in the room.� He must have been hallucinating - how could
his deceased wife speak, unless it was inside his mind?� Laura - my dear, sweet
Laura who brought home and nursed wounded animals and birds.� Laura, whose life had been so cruelly taken
when she had died in his arms.� �

&nbsp;

Then Master Charles did something that had not happened since he had
buried his pet dog when he was ten - his eyes filled with tears from years of
bottled-up grief as he sank to his knees and fought against the urge to weep.

&nbsp;

*****

&nbsp;

&quot;Careful!&quot;� Rosario hissed in
discomfort.� &quot;Be more
gentle - I am not one of your slaves!&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Pardonnez-moi,
just a few more centim�tres.� Please relax and they will go in
easier.�� G�rard
slowly pulled the crotch strap higher and tried to think of something that was
completely non-sexual to ease the throbbing in his stiff penis.� Mon Dieu - c'est tr�s difficile,
he thought, while kneeling before the stunningly clad Ma�tresse
Rosario in her leather suit.� Think of
the weather, you fool - think of ANYTHING to take your mind off the dildoes that you moistened with your tongue...their pointed
tips penetrating her ass and vulva as the strap-on belt is tightened...ahh, MERDE!

&nbsp;

&quot;Having a 'spot' of trouble down there?&quot;� Rosario's softly mocking
tone indicated that she knew full well what had just happened to her embarrassed assistant.�
&quot;Never mind.� There is a bathroom behind that
mirror.&quot;� She followed him with her
eyes as he quickly left to clean himself up.�
&quot;Anyway, I'm sure there's plenty more where that 'cums' from!&quot;�
Oh, but you are too cruel, she chuckled at her own wicked sense of
humor.� A flicked switch shut off the
fierce buzzing from the unit that had been delivering electric shocks to her
new slave's tortured body.� Good - now
that she is safe to touch, we can proceed with the next level of Maria's
enslavement, she thought.

&nbsp;

Striding around the prone body of her new slave, Rosario traced her gloved
hand up Maria's spine, noticing with pleasure how the girl shivered.� Without any warning, she reached under the
girl's chest and pulled the clamp from Maria's left nipple.� Ignoring her slave's renewed screams of pain
as the blood rushed back into the crushed flesh, she swiftly yanked the other
clamp away.� &quot;Having these removed
must be SUCH a relief.� You may thank me
properly later.&quot;� Rosario leaned across the
captive's red-striped back and pulled the silver wire out of her urethra.� &quot;I expect that was the most painful
electrode, unless it was...THIS one?&quot;�
Oh what sweet music a muffled squeal of pain makes!� &quot;Now, let me see what I shall use to
deflower you, slave.&quot;� She smiled at
the frantic noises that Maria was making past her gag.� &quot;Will it be the smooth, slim line dildo?� No - too mild and you are obviously a girl
who appreciates a LOT of stimulation.� Ahh, the very
thing!&quot; �Rosario slid the base of
the shaft onto the metal rod at the front of her crotch strap with a satisfying
click as it locked in place.� She reached
over and loosened Maria's blindfold, making the helpless girl blink painfully
in the harsh spotlights. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Look what I have for you, slave.�
Not quite your size, I know, but you will be amazed how pliant and
accommodating a girl can be when she has to.&quot;� 

&nbsp;

&quot;Nnnn!� Mmmph!� Nnnn!!!&quot;� Maria
stared in wide-eyed horror at the huge, black dildo sticking out from just above
Mistress Rosario's crotch. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Isn't it lovely?� Somewhat
larger than the real thing but beautifully proportioned, don't you think?� I am particularly impressed with the little
spikes just under the glans and these ridged veins -
what a lucky slave girl you are to have this for your first lover.&quot;� Rosario savored the look
of horror in her victim's eyes - by the time she had finished with the little
bitch, her ex-maid would never forget the night that she was reduced to utter
submission.� Ample
repayment for Maria's surly looks and insolence as she sulked and pouted when
given an order.� So the little
tart thought she was too good for domestic service?� Well, 'daddy's girl' was in for one hell of a
shock, and not just because her precious papa had sold his daughter to the
Family in a vain attempt to save his own miserable hide.� No, the poor little bitch was destined for a
worse hell than anything that Rosario might offer.� But not just yet, not until
she had sport with her prey.� How
appropriate, she mused, for here she stood in a catsuit,
toying with her little captive.� Miaow, indeed! 

&nbsp;

Maria shook her head desperately while the black-clad Mistress of the
house removed the disgusting thing from her mouth.� But she left the ring that was cruelly
forcing her lips apart in place. &quot;Uuhh!� Huhhh-oohh!&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;You want to lick it?� My, my
- what a dirty little SLUT you are!� And
I thought you were SUCH a prim and proper young lady.&quot;� Rosario smiled and waved
the tip of the strap-on dildo close to her face.� &quot;Not yet, slave.� Not until it's worth licking!&quot;� 

&nbsp;

At that moment, the mirrored bathroom door opened as a sheepish-looking G�rard stepped into the gymnasium.� &quot;Be a dear and stay in there for a bit
longer.� Maria and I are having a private
moment together - a little 'girl-on-girl' thing, okay?&quot;� As he retreated and re-closed the door, she
bent down to whisper in the helpless girl's ear.� &quot;Yes, he's mine too but the good doctor will
just have to wait his turn.� Now, where
were we?� Oh yes.� Ready, my slave?&quot;


&nbsp;

Resting her hands on Maria's trembling hips, Mistress Rosario slowly
pressed the tip of the huge dildo forwards until it was nudging the girl's
virginal cunt lips apart.� &quot;I know it's
cold, slave, but don't worry - we'll have it warmed up in no time.&quot;� Ignoring Maria's increasingly loud
whimpering, she began to push forwards. 

&nbsp;

G�rard stared at his reflection in the
vanity mirror as he sat on the toilet, listening to the animal screams of pain
coming through the door.� Rosario had sent him back
inside the bathroom like a child who was too young to witness 'grown up'
things.� He felt deeply humiliated...and
strangely thrilled - what was happening to him?�
He looked down at the Master's Ring on his right hand - he sensed now
that it did not tell the entire story. �This domineering young woman had shattered his
illusion of simple, uncomplicated dominance.�
G�rard knew the rules had changed and
everything in his life had suddenly become complicated.� The girl was shrieking in agony now but he
could also hear a woman's musical voice - Rosario was actually
SINGING while she violated Maria with the dildo!� Oh, elle est magnifique!� 

&nbsp;

Ah merde - his unruly penis had sprung to
attention again.� He couldn't help
himself.� Unzipping the fly of his
slacks, G�rard took hold of his throbbing erection,
and then leaned against the bathroom wall with his eyes closed.� He imagined the scene being played out in the
gymnasium and listened to the duet of Rosario's laughter and
Maria's howl of distress as her virginal hymen was brutally ripped apart.� As he stroked and rubbed his hard flesh
between his finger and thumb, another fragile membrane - the one that separated
fantasy and reality - also began to weaken.�
He replaced the whimpering maid in his mind - it was HIS naked, exposed
body cruelly splayed on the frame.� And Ma�tresse Rosario was penetrating his ass, not Maria's cunt.� As he conjured
the disturbing and exquisitely arousing image, his movements became more
energetic.� At least he had enough
foresight to use a tissue this time...

&nbsp;

Rosario pulled the dildo
clear of the weeping slave's ravaged pussy.�
She had only penetrated the girl with two thirds of the broad shaft in
case she went too far and ruptured more than Maria's hymen.� &quot;So you WERE a virgin after
all.&quot;� As she walked round to her
victim's head, she could not resist grinding her hips to increase the
delightful sensations in her own filled rectum and vagina.� In fact, she was so tantalizingly close to
orgasm that the movement made her hiss with pleasure - not an earth-shattering
climax but pleasant enough in its own way, like a good antipasto that
stimulates the senses without ruining the appetite for the courses to follow.

&nbsp;

&quot;Well, slave, I promised you would have something worth licking, and
here it is - your very own pussy flavored Popsicle, with added virginal
blood.&quot;� But Maria did not even want
to LOOK at the obscene instrument of her brutal deflowering and the LAST thing
she wanted to do was taste the red-smeared surface!� She was given no choice.� Rosario tightly grasped a
handful of her maid's hair and forced her head towards the dildo. &quot;You
WILL lick the tip, slave, unless you want me to turn that electrical device
back on at the maximum setting?� No?� Well, LICK it clean, bitch. NOW!&quot;

&nbsp;

Maria stared down in misery at the pool of tears and saliva that had
dripped from her face.� She was
exhausted, cold, and in desperate agony.�
And now this!� Maria hated the
Italian-American bitch for what she had done but she feared her even more.� An unwelcome thought shocked her to her core
- she now shared an irreversible bond with Mistress Rosario.� For this cruel woman (a WOMAN, sweet Jesu) had taken away her virginity and her freedom.� Her dreams of gracing the European catwalks
as a model and fashion designer were shattered. �Maria felt broken, defeated, and despoiled. 

&nbsp;

Her hair was being gripped so hard she feared it would be torn from her
scalp.� Maria did not try to resist as
Mistress Rosario pulled her head up until her forced-open mouth was so close to
the disgusting black violator that she could smell it - the pungent scent of
warm, rubber mingled with the sweaty, mildly bitter aroma of her privates...and
the stench of blood.� Giving out a tiny,
animal-like whimper, Maria closed her eyes and put her tongue through the ring
in her mouth.

&nbsp;

&quot;No, slave.� Open your eyes while you lick.&quot;� Rosario felt a surge of
triumph as her new toy lapped the tip of the soiled dildo.� Another feeling - tenderness, surprised
her.� It moved her to stroke Maria's head
and softly murmur.� &quot;You are a
proper woman now, slave.� Never forget
this - tonight is the night you grew up.&quot;��


&nbsp;

She listened for a while to her new toy's heartfelt sobs and idly played
with Maria's hair.� As usual, Rosario felt a little
deflated now that she had achieved her goal.�
She accepted it was one of her flaws, that she quickly lost interest in
her triumphs and achievements.� Oh well,
she could still have a little fun with Maria before the end.� Now she had this stuck-up little Belgian
bitch exactly where she wanted her, she found she was eagerly anticipating the
expression on Maria's face when the true nature of her precious father's
betrayal was revealed.� Now THAT will be
worth seeing!

&nbsp;

Rosario examined the back
of Maria's head.� There was the place nonno Marco had taught her about at the base of the skull -
where to place the muzzle of your gun for a perfect kill, aiming slightly
upwards towards the roof of the mouth, keeping your arm straight then gently
squeezing the trigger.� Nonno Marco had blooded his only grandchild when she was
fifteen, allowing her to execute a two-timing pimp who had tried to blackmail
one of the Family's loyal politicians by filming the man indulging his tastes
for under-age gay rape.� She remembered
the low-life's pathetic begging and sniveling, cut short when the contents of
his head sprayed against the abattoir wall.�
Rosario had never told her
parents - her obsessively devout momma would have been horrified and her poppa
would have accused nonno Marco of corrupting his
'refined young lady'.� She briefly
wondered if it felt any different to kill a woman - she would have to ask
Alfonso, who had refined his murderous skills at dispatching runaway hookers
into an art form.� But first, there were
other matters that needed attending to, such as 'Il Dottore
G�rardo', for instance. 

&nbsp;

Moving softy to give him no warning, Rosario ground her hips
deliciously to intensify the effects of the plugs attached to the inside of the
crotch strap.� The sensations created by
the counter-weighted dildoes were very agreeable,
particularly when she practiced her pelvic floor exercises.� Reaching for the catch, she swiftly opened
the bathroom door, took in the scene, and tried not to laugh.

&nbsp;

&quot;Goodness me, G�rard - I hope you haven't
totally 'spent' yourself!&quot;� Rosario grinned at his
obvious embarrassment on being found masturbating.� &quot;If you have, it would be SUCH a
disappointment and if there's one thing that displeases me above all others, it
is being disappointed.� Don't you
agree?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;I...ah, err...oui, Ma�tresse.&quot;
�Mon Dieu!� He had called her 'Mistress'!� What was happening to him?� G�rard felt so
humiliated, caught at the moment of ejaculation as this dominant woman towered
above him.� &quot;Excusez-moi,
mademoiselle, je n'ai
pas...&quot;

&nbsp;

She cut him off.� &quot;Now is not
the time for feeble apologies.� You will
make it up to me later, G�rard.&quot;� He flinched at her emphasis on the word
'will' but made no objection - good.�
&quot;Fetch Alfonso and the others.�
I think Maria is ready to entertain them.&quot;� 

&nbsp;

*****

&nbsp;

Squatting over the hole in the floor to relieve herself,
Caitlin averted her eyes from the camera pointing down from the corner of the
cell.� Her life was reduced to a
monotonous, cruel routine.� Chained by
her neck, she had no clothes, only a thin plastic-covered mattress, and no
company.� The cell light was on all the
time and there was no window so she had no idea whether it was day or
night.�� 

&nbsp;

Every so often, the chain from her metal collar was pulled up through a
hole in the ceiling until she was forced to stand straight to avoid
choking.� Once she was secured, a tiny,
elderly oriental woman in a black dress would come in but she never spoke or
made a sound.� The first time she hosed
Caitlin down, she screamed in panic but the water was warm and she was then
given a large towel to dry herself.� The
woman never smiled, ignored Caitlin's attempts to communicate, and would simply
hand her a hairbrush then silently replenish the two bowls that were filled
with little tasteless crackers and water.�
Caitlin was even allowed to clean her teeth.� There was something else she had
noticed.� The little fingers on both of
the old woman's hands were missing.

&nbsp;

Nobody was particularly cruel towards her.� She wasn't being physically or sexually
abused by her captors like they had done on the ship but she was being treated
like an animal and she felt terribly isolated.�
Why had she been abducted?� Was it
because her father was an American senator?�
He would be so worried and Caitlin took no comfort in knowing he would
be doing everything in his power to rescue her.�
They were very close ever since her mother had died in a multiple
pile-up when she was ten.� Her baby
brother had also been killed in the fiery carnage on the freeway.� Father and daughter had held hands in the
soft rain at the cemetery as the large coffin and its tiny companion were
lowered into the joint grave.�
&quot;Don't worry, daddy,&quot; she had bravely whispered as she
squeezed his large hand.� &quot;I will
look after you.&quot;� The tears he had
been holding back for her sake came flooding out and little Caitlin joined her
father's embrace in grief and love.� She
hated leaving home to attend Harvard but they talked on the phone every
day.� He had been so proud of her
announcement that she wanted to be a human rights lawyer.� Poor daddy - he must be so worried.

&nbsp;

The chain from her collar was being pulled up again but she had only just
been cleaned and fed!� Something was
different.� She soon had to stand on
tiptoe.� This time, the chain was too
tight - she would choke and hang!� The
cell door was flung open.� Two burly
oriental men came over.� One pinned her
arms behind her back and manacled her wrists together while the other man
kicked her feet apart then clamped cuffs on the ends of a short chain around
her ankles.

&nbsp;

When one of the unsmiling men held up a ring gag on a leather strap and
pointed to her mouth, she began to cry.�
&quot;Please!� Oh don't, please
don't rape me!� My father
is...UURRGGHH!!!&quot;� But he had simply
nodded to his companion who yanked up and held the chain from her collar with
one muscular arm.� Caitlin dangled,
gurgling and choking in terror.� Her eyes
bulged as her feet writhed in a desperate dance in search of firm ground.� Just when she began to lose the battle for
life, she was released and held up by her arms until she recovered.

&nbsp;

The stern-faced oriental lifted up the ring gag a second time.� Caitlin tried to plead with her tear-filled
eyes but when she felt her collar being pulled upwards again, she quickly
opened her mouth.� The large ring tasted
horrible, its leather cover was pitted with bite marks and her mouth was forced
as far open as it would possibly go.� By
the time the buckle had been severely tightened behind her head with the ring
firmly wedged behind her front teeth, she was shaking and weeping in fearful
anticipation.� The man behind again took
a firm hold of her upper arms, pinning her back against his chest.� His colleague slowly lifted a long metal
object inches away from her face.�
Opening his mouth, he put out his tongue and waited.� She stared, uncomprehendingly at his gesture
and forced herself to look at the instrument in his hand.� The shiny, stainless steel object looked like
a cross between locking forceps and barbecue tongs!� Noticing her horrified reaction, the man
smiled and opened the wide snout apart to reveal the four inward-pointing
curved spikes that would pierce, grip and pull whatever was caught between
these metal fangs.

&nbsp;

Caitlin felt her stomach churn in revulsion as the meaning of the man's
gesture hit home.� He wanted - oh God,
NO!� He actually expected her to stick
her own tongue through the ring so he could seize it and then he would
do...w-what?

&nbsp;

There was nothing she could do to resist.�
Chained, firmly held and completely at their mercy, she knew they would
easily choke her again until she submitted.�
With her mouth readily forced open, the man could simply reach in and
draw out her tongue with the savage, pointed instrument but he wanted her to
co-operate in her own torture!� What was
he going to do to her poor tongue?�
Caitlin faced a stark choice: comply and endure the cruelty of the
tongs, or resist only to suffer even more then still endure
the crushing metallic bite inside her prized apart mouth.� Her assailant frowned impatiently.� He seized hold of the hair on her scalp to
keep her head still and moved the vicious pliers towards her parted lips.� Trembling in abject fear, Caitlin finally put
out her tongue and squeezed her eyes shut, knowing that she would not like to
see what was about to happen.

&nbsp;

The pain was indescribable.� She
howled and clawed at her own buttocks with her cuffed hands and pulled up her
right leg as far as the ankle chain would allow.� Caitlin could hear her own screams echoing
around the concrete cell as the man squeezed the jaws closed on her
tongue.� She tasted her own salty blood
as the four sharp teeth punctured her flesh, driven deeper with each horrible
click of the locking forceps.� When her
torturer released her hair and pulled her tongue as far out through the ring as
possible, Caitlin began to gasp and struggle while her eyes grew huge in
terror.� The other man now held her in
such a tight, bear-like hug that even breathing was barely possible.� The man in front transferred the clamp to his
left hand but did not ease the tension on her cruelly distended tongue.� Instead, he smiled once more and held up a
short, deeply serrated, red-stained fish gutting knife!

&nbsp;

Oh God - he's going to cut out my tongue!�
Caitlin gurgled and moaned in shocked disbelief as she watched the
instrument of her imminent mutilation disappear below her vision.� She could feel the cold, flat blade against
the edge of her mouth, beginning to gently rub up and down across her lips as
the left side of her tongue stung with awful pain.� Nooooo, NOOOOO!!!

&nbsp;

The sawing stopped almost as soon as it had begun.� Caitlin opened her eyes.� The little oriental women had returned and was tugging urgently on her torturer's right sleeve.� He turned in irritation as she made agitated
croaking noises with her opened mouth and showed him several rings in the palm
of her wizened, mutilated hand.� It was
the first time Caitlin had heard her utter any sounds and she instantly
understood that the woman's tongue had been removed just as her own was about
to be!� The old lady handed the
furious-looking man a clipboard covered with intricate characters.� Caitlin wondered if it was Chinese or perhaps
Japanese.� Was she in Japan?

&nbsp;

The man frowned as he read but then smiled even more cruelly than
before.� Whatever the document said had
pleased him immensely and that made her even more fearful of her treatment in
his hands.� When he handed the clipboard
and the vicious knife to the woman, Caitlin relaxed slightly.� But her relief was short-lived.� The man nodded to his assistant who put his
left arm tightly around her collared neck and seized a handful of the hair on
top of her head to prevent any movement.�
The man in front accepted a wooden handled skewer from the little woman
and waited while she played the flame from a small gas torch on the sharp
tip.� Caitlin had to endure several
endless minutes while the broad needle was heated from dull orange to a bright,
yellow-white glow.

&nbsp;

She must have screamed as her tongue was pierced.� Caitlin certainly heard someone's
high-pitched shrieks of agonized despair as the skewer pushed and cauterized
its way through the tip from top to bottom.�
There was also the smell - the unmistakable odor of burnt flesh, like
barbecued pork.� Mercifully, she lost
consciousness and the excruciating pain faded into gentle oblivion...

&nbsp;

...Only to return with renewed force as she came round in severe
agony.� Caitlin was briefly
disoriented.� She was lying on her back
on the concrete floor of her cell.� She
tasted blood in her mouth and something hard clicked against her teeth.� She began to scream again.� Her tongue was so sore!� But so was her nose, making her eyes stream
in response to the pain.� Her ears felt
on fire too.� Caitlin lifted her head and
stared down at her aching, bleeding breasts - her nipples had been pierced
through and ringed!

&nbsp;

And they weren't finished yet.� The
heavily built assistant was prizing her thighs apart with his large hands.� Caitlin could see the bulge of his arm
muscles, as her legs were forced open.�
She whimpered but he ignored her only to dig his fingers deeper into the
soft flesh behind her knees.� The other
man held the dreadful white-hot skewer in his right hand and needle-nosed
pliers in the other.� He knelt down and
reached up between the tops of her thighs.�
&quot;Uhhh...UUHH!!!!'� Caitlin cried urgently in panic, shaking her
ring-gagged head from side to side in utter dismay as she realized what he was
about to do.� The torturer glanced up,
smiled broadly, and then returned to his cruel task.� She knew he was taking his time, deliberately
extending her torment.� He began to lower
the glowing tip towards her most sensitive flesh, and then paused as though a
fresh thought had come to mind.� Breaking
into a cruel smile, he handed the skewer back to the old woman to keep hot,
taking what appeared to be a small toothbrush out of the top pocket of his
overalls and squeezing a small amount of red paste from a tiny tube on the
bristled end.

&nbsp;

Caitlin writhed and fought uselessly with her arms fettered and pinned
underneath her body.� With expert skill,
her assailant masturbated her by tormenting her engorged clitoris with the
brush, employing circular motions and brisk, upward strokes.� Her sensitive nub began to itch, sting, and
then burn as the chili paste was worked inside the peeled-back hood of her
inner folds.� She howled and bashed the
base of her skull against the hard floor, trying to batter herself unconscious
to escape the excruciating and arousing pleasure-pain.� The old woman swiftly knelt to clamp her head
between her vice-like thighs.� Using
surprisingly strong arms, she pressed down Caitlin's forehead so all she could
do was pant in growing agitation.� 

&nbsp;

Caitlin tried so very hard not to cum.�
She bit down on the ring gag and really tried to prevent the intense,
painful climax from overwhelming her body.�
She failed.� As she howled in the
lingering throes of the third and fiercest orgasm, she felt the sharp pinch of
the pliers on her distended, swollen member.�
Her torturer critically examined the glowing tip of the re-heated skewer
then returned it to the blowtorch's intense flame.� Caitlin could only look on in horror until he
satisfied himself the needle was finally ready to be applied to the front of
her splayed-open cleft.� She tensed,
holding her breath and tightly squeezed her eyes shut, waiting for the awful
moment to arrive.� He held off until she
exhaled and relaxed then made her convulse in shock as she was cruelly pierced
down below.� She didn't feel the ring
being threaded through her mutilated clitoris but she knew it would be there,
just like the other rings that now violated her ears, nose, tongue and
nipples.� Her chief torturer took his
time to scrutinize the new piercings.� Lifting up the miniature blowtorch, he
frightened her again by employing the flame to singe away the stubble of her regrowing pubic hair with rapid passes across her tender
skin.� The stench was terrible but she
was not burned, only scared witless.�
Smiling with satisfaction, the torturer lightly stroked a fingernail
along her puckered cunt then stood up. 

&nbsp;

The men collected their instruments and left the cell without a backwards
glance.� Then the old woman removed the
ring gag and surprised Caitlin by leaning down to lightly kiss her forehead, as
if she was welcoming a fellow initiate into a sacred fellowship.

&nbsp;

This brief moment of the only kindness Caitlin had been shown since her
abduction was abruptly shattered.� Echoes
of screaming from what sounded like a young girl in desperate distress were
coming through the doorway.� Caitlin
tried to lift her head up to see what was happening but the old woman pushed
her back down.� The shrieking was getting
more frantic.� Caitlin looked imploringly
into the sorrowful face of the old woman who was stroking her brow.� As though making her mind up about something,
the woman slightly shifted her position, turning her back towards the camera
which was now obscured from Caitlin's vision.�
Carefully watching the cell doorway, the aged oriental covered Caitlin's
eyes when she tried to look where the agonized cries were coming from.� Then she slid her hands very slowly to the
sides of Caitlin's neck.� The woman
smiled down in gentle compassion and pressed her thumbs into the sides of
Caitlin's throat, just behind her jaw.�
Caitlin distantly heard the other girl's dreadful howls for a few more seconds
before everything receded into blessed darkness. 

&nbsp;

Later, left alone on the floor of the cell, still chained, Caitlin slowly
came to in agony.� Every movement brought
a new wave of pain.� Looking around, she
realized the heavy, steel door remained open.�
Across the harshly lit corridor, she could see inside the opposite
cell.� A naked, Malayan-looking teenage
girl stood in fetters.� Caitlin thought
the girl was very attractive with her long, jet hair cascading to her
waist.� She was struggling on the points
of her toes to stop herself choking in her chained up collar.� The girl was bleeding from her mouth, breasts
and heavily from between her legs.�
Caitlin felt sick as she figured the girl's tongue, nipples, and
clitoris - perhaps her cunt lips too - must have been
brutally cut away from her mutilated body.�


&nbsp;

Making whimpering noises like an injured animal, the girl was obviously
weakening as her toes slipped about in the growing red pool under her slim
body.� She looked sadly at Caitlin for a
moment with her large, dark eyes then twisted herself around with difficulty as
though she did not want her fellow prisoner to see her horribly disfigured
body.� With a shock, Caitlin noticed this
girl was also missing both of her little fingers like the old woman but there
was no blood seeping from the stumps on her hands.� 

&nbsp;

Caitlin knew the girl was dying, slowly losing strength as she became too
tired to stand on her toes.�� Aggravated
by loss of blood and shock, the girl finally stopped gurgling to hang limply in
her collar.� Her body spun round on the
chain, coming to rest facing the cell doorway while urine trickled down her
dusky thighs to mingle with the slick, red pool on the cell floor.� Caitlin had never seen anyone die before and
knew her captors had wanted her to witness the girl's slow execution.� She looked up in hatred at the camera
pointing at her from the rough gray, concrete ceiling.� &quot;Bastards!� You sadistic, evil bastards!&quot; she
thickly lisped.

&nbsp;

Then Caitlin made two solemn promises to herself - that she WOULD
survive, no matter what cruelties she had to endure, and that she would exact a
terrible revenge on ALL those responsible for her abduction, rape, and
torture.� They would pay dearly and the
vengeful thought gave Caitlin renewed hope and purpose.� But there was nothing she could do right now
except weep for her poor, mutilated body and for the dead girl in the opposite
cell.� Pressing her temple to the rough
wall, she mournfully whispered, tears streaming down her face and with her
injured tongue swollen inside her mouth.�
&quot;Daddy, ohh
d-daddy!&quot;

















v\:* {behavior:url(#default#VML);}
o\:* {behavior:url(#default#VML);}
w\:* {behavior:url(#default#VML);}
.shape {behavior:url(#default#VML);}


HARVEST OF TEARS







 
   jim
   jim
  2
  2
  2006-06-29T23:41:00Z
  2006-06-29T23:41:00Z
  1
  13522
  77079
   
  642
  180
  90421
  10.2625
 

 
  
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 


st1\:*{behavior:url(#ieooui) }







 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}


 

 
  
 






HARVEST
OF TEARS

CHAPTER 11

By slave ruthie

It had not been the best of rides but it was certainly exhilarating.

Horse and human thundered across the immaculate lawns without a care for the
ruined turf. &nbsp;Blond mane flew in unison with dark hair in the crisp, dawn
breeze as the Arab stallion conveyed his mistress home from their early morning
gallop. &nbsp;Rosario dismounted, whispered her thanks into her steed's
ear, and then handed the reins to a waiting groom. &nbsp;He nervously lowered
his eyes and stammered in response to her sharp instructions. &nbsp;Turning to
leave, she paused. &nbsp;&quot;Giuseppe. &nbsp;I almost forgot - how is your
mother?&quot;

&quot;My mother? &nbsp;She is very sick, padrona.&quot; &nbsp;The young man was
amazed that the padrona even knew his name, never mind knowing about his mother's
terminal illness. &nbsp;Now that she could no longer work in the laundry,
everybody depended on him - particularly his many younger brothers and sisters.
&nbsp;Although the Cosa Nostra gave a little allowance since his hit-man father
had been sentenced to life imprisonment for killing a judge, it was never
enough. &nbsp;He sighed. &nbsp;&quot;For her it is very bad, padrona. &nbsp;It
is soon her end, I think.&quot;

&quot;Then why are you still over here?&quot;

Giuseppe turned away to avoid her penetrating gaze. &nbsp;&quot;I have little
money, padrona. &nbsp;I send home my pay for the family and I cannot afford the
fare.&quot;

Rosario frowned then spoke into her radio.
&nbsp;&quot;Alfonso? &nbsp;Have the Learjet ready at LaGuardia in one hour for
departure to Palermo. &nbsp;No, not for me - it is for young Giuseppe
from the stables.&quot; &nbsp;She turned to the gaping seventeen year-old.
&nbsp;&quot;Here, give me the reins. &nbsp;That was good work last night, by
the way. &nbsp;For a young man, you controlled yourself very well. &nbsp;Now
get your things and report to Alfonso.&quot;

Giuseppe sank to his knees and tried to kiss her hand, overwhelmed by his
employer's compassion. &nbsp;&quot;Padrona! &nbsp;Grazie, grazie!&quot;

&quot;Enough of that. &nbsp;Family is everything and when you work for us, you
are part of our Family too. &nbsp;Next time you have a problem, you tell me -
capische? &nbsp;Now go. &nbsp;You leave in ten minutes - RUN!&quot; &nbsp;Yes,
she thought, watching the lad dash for the servants' quarters, the Family
really IS everything.

Rosario patted her horse and led him to be rubbed down.
&nbsp;Oasis Fire was certainly ready to be entered in the Dubai endurance race but sadly, she would not be riding
him. &nbsp;Nonno Marco would not permit her to risk her neck, as she was the
sole heir to the Family's vast financial and criminal network. &nbsp;&quot;I
have lost my only son and I cannot lose my only grandchild too, my sweet Rosario. &nbsp;It would break my heart and your death would
start the greatest gang war for succession the world has ever seen. &nbsp;It
would tear our Family's empire apart.&quot; &nbsp;She knew he was right even
though her father's assassination meant her childhood dreams of competitive
riding could never now be fulfilled.

Oasis Fire breathed on her neck as they entered the stable courtyard.
&nbsp;&quot;Not this morning, boy. &nbsp;I have another pony to deal with.
&nbsp;Tomorrow, I promise you, I will tend you personally.&quot; &nbsp;The
horse appeared to look reproachfully at his mistress but dutifully entered his
stall. &nbsp;A typical male, she thought with amusement, wanting to be the
center of attraction all the time.

The occupant of the adjoining stall blinked in the sudden, harsh daylight then
pressed against the concrete wall in terror when she saw who had entered.
&nbsp;Rosario took her time, enjoying Maria's evident fear,
savoring how humiliated and helpless her new slave must be feeling. &nbsp;The
naked girl had been cruelly buckled into a stiff, leather body harness and
full-head bridle. &nbsp;Maria's hands and feet were trapped inside hobbled pony
boots and gloves that ended with dainty hooves, making her appear like a
heavily restrained foal. &nbsp;On Rosario's explicit instructions, the inside
of the broad leather strap between Maria's bruised and red-latticed thighs held
two thick plugs in place that would be terribly uncomfortable reminders of her
gang rape several hours earlier by most of &nbsp;the male staff and guards.
&nbsp;How the girl had piteously moaned, cried and finally wailed in misery as
the men queued up for their turn with the stuck-up Belgian tart, reducing her
from an inexperienced virgin to a well-used whore in a single night.

Rosario had orchestrated the marathon session, choosing
which equipment was used to restrain and hurt the girl, and what sexual
positions were employed for maximum cruelty and violation. &nbsp;At one point,
she had held Maria's head up by her hair while she half-hung in spreader bars
over a padded bench, as one man brutally shafted her ass from behind.
&nbsp;When Rosario forced her ring-gagged mouth towards Giuseppe's
waiting cock, the look of abject misery in Maria's eyes was beyond price.
&nbsp;It was hardly surprising that the girl was so frightened by her mere
presence in the stall.

Rosario lightly tapped her red crop against the thigh of her
jodhpurs. &nbsp;&quot;Trot over here, little pony, or would you prefer to be
whipped again?&quot; &nbsp;Despite her restrictive fetters, Maria struggled
across the straw on her hoofed hands and feet then knelt as near to her mistress
as the long chain on her collar would allow. &nbsp;&quot;Good girl - now that
was not so difficult, was it?&quot; &nbsp;Rosario looked down at the former maid. &nbsp;Maria's back
was still covered in red welts from the previous night's punishments. &nbsp;Rosario raised the crop and took a pace back.
&nbsp;&quot;Touch the end with your mouth shield.&quot; &nbsp;Maria leaned
forward until her collar chain swung clear of the stable floor and tried to
press the leather base of the penis gag against the crop's tip.

But she could not get far enough forward. &nbsp;Rosario moved the crop just out of reach. &nbsp;&quot;Are
you being disobedient? &nbsp;Do you want to be punished, slut?&quot; &nbsp;She
brought the tip tantalizingly close again but not too close. &nbsp;&quot;I told
you to touch the tip, slut.&quot; &nbsp;With a desperate moan, Maria tried
again, pulling on her collar chain so tightly that she was beginning to choke.
&nbsp;Whenever she almost reached the end of the crop, padrona Rosario placed it just out of range. &nbsp;&quot;Are you
deliberately trying to annoy me, pony-slut?&quot; &nbsp;Maria wailed in
desperation and lunged forwards, nearly throttling herself in the process.
&nbsp;She almost managed to touch the crop.

Almost was not good enough.

The crop whistled through the air to make contact with Maria's backside.
&nbsp;&quot;I can see you still have much to learn. &nbsp;Cesare?&quot; &nbsp;A
white-haired older man immediately answered to the padrona's call. &nbsp;He
scowled down at the quivering &quot;pony&quot;. &nbsp;&quot;I want this
creature fucked hard on the hour, every hour. &nbsp;No opening is to be left
unused. &nbsp;See that she pleases her lovers in every way and punish her
severely if she fails. &nbsp;No lasting injury to her body, mind. &nbsp;I know
how skillful you are with pain, Cesare. &nbsp;Nonno Marco told me you can make
the bravest man crumble without leaving a single mark.&quot; &nbsp;Maria was so
frightened at her words that she wet the straw. &nbsp;&quot;Dirty little
pony-slut. &nbsp;If you do not satisfy Cesare and his men, you will be mated
with Oasis Fire. &nbsp;That should sell well on our websites, I think. &nbsp;A
cute little ponygirl being taken from behind by a fully grown stallion - I
wonder how many inches you could take.&quot; &nbsp;Maria shook her bridled head
in horrified disbelief. &nbsp;&quot;You are quite the little star, you know -
last night's movie went online a couple of hours ago. &nbsp;By the time I set
off for my morning ride, it had already been downloaded nearly 4,000
times.&quot; &nbsp;She ignored her ex-maid's wails of anguish and left the girl
in Cesare's devastatingly capable hands.

As she strode into the lobby, Rosario noticed two things: &nbsp;the marble flagstone shone
immaculately, except for the trail of dirt she was leaving behind her riding
boots, and that Charles was standing over his naked slave who was scrubbing the
floor with a small brush and a bucket of water.

Master Charles scowled at the line of muddy footprints from the vestibule to
where Rosario now stood and jerked hard on his slave's leash.
&nbsp;&quot;Again!&quot; &nbsp;He brought down the split leather tawse with his
other arm to add another stinging red stripe to the others on Alexa's backside.
&nbsp;The cruel strap lashed repeatedly, punctuating his angry words.
&nbsp;&quot;You - will - clean - it - all - again - until - it - is -
perfect!&quot;

Rosario remained cool although she was surprised by his fury
towards the cowering girl. &nbsp;And Alexa appeared very distressed as she
tried to submit to the excessive punishment. &nbsp;In fact, the little slave
looked confused and frightened, as though she could not understand her master's
rage towards her. &nbsp;Something was badly wrong. &nbsp;Rosario decided to intervene and gently touched his arm to
stay the next blow. &nbsp;&quot;Charles, dear - this is absolutely priceless.&quot;
&nbsp;Her throaty chuckle caught him off guard. &nbsp;&quot;It is so amusing to
see my ward scrubbing the floor on her hands and knees like this! &nbsp;Do you
have any idea how wealthy our little cleaning slut is?&quot;

&quot;No. &nbsp;Why should I care about that?&quot; &nbsp;His terse reply was
loudly abrupt and echoed around the vaulted ceiling.

Rosario saw that he had not meant to be rude but that he was
fighting to control his temper. &nbsp;It was very out of character.
&nbsp;&quot;Well, let us just say that one of her trust�s smaller properties is
the hotel complex that contains your Organization's New York Center on the top floors.&quot; &nbsp;She smiled and absently patted Alexa's
trembling head, as if she was greeting a dog. &nbsp;&quot;And to think she is
cleaning my hall.&quot; &nbsp;He had lowered the leather strap that obviously
terrified Alexa. &nbsp;Good. &nbsp;&quot;Could you spare her for the morning?
&nbsp;I promise to look after your little slave.&quot;

Charles almost refused but knew he had nearly lost control and was unfairly
taking out his feelings of long-suppressed rage on Alexa. &nbsp;It was not her
fault. &nbsp;He was furious with himself for not executing her a second time.
&nbsp;He had failed in his duty, just as he had failed to save his pregnant
wife and the shame and grief followed him like a curse. &nbsp;Why was the
simple fact of owning a personal slave so damned complicated? &nbsp;&quot;I do
not think...oh just TAKE her then!&quot; &nbsp;He thrust his slave's leash into
Rosario's hand, startling both women. &nbsp;&quot;Look, Rosario, have you seen G�rard anywhere? &nbsp;I tried to
find him earlier and he did not answer his door.&quot;

&quot;Ah, well that is my fault. &nbsp;You see, I kept the good doctor tied up
most of the night.&quot; &nbsp;Rosario returned his puzzled glance with an enigmatic grin.
&nbsp;&quot;I can release him if you need him back, Charles.&quot;

&quot;No, if G�rard is occupied on your behalf it will simply have to wait.
&nbsp;Just forget it.&quot; &nbsp;With that, he stormed off - not even
bothering to warn Alexa to obey Rosario without question.

Slave and Mistress watched him leave. &nbsp;&quot;Well! &nbsp;What on earth
have you done to make your master so angry with you?&quot; &nbsp;Tears spilled
from the kneeling girl's eyes as she shook her head in confusion.
&nbsp;&quot;Come along, little Alexa. &nbsp;You are not totally mute � I know
you can whisper what you did wrong.&quot;

Alexa followed the line of her leash to Rosario's hand but was unable to meet her gaze. &nbsp;Her
master had roughly shaken her awake in the early hours of the morning to drag
her downstairs and make her clean the hall floor in Rosario's mansion. &nbsp;She must have scrubbed it at least
five times but he had never been satisfied, repeatedly thrashing her on her
buttocks and thighs with the horrid tawse like her mother had done when she wet
herself in childhood. &nbsp;Her master had been furious with her but she had no
idea why. &nbsp;It terrified her to see him so angry and upset. &nbsp;&quot;N-not
know...d-don't know, m-mistress!&quot; &nbsp;She felt cool fingers tilting her
chin upwards.

&quot;Look at me. &nbsp;Good girl. &nbsp;Now, you are telling me the
truth?&quot; &nbsp;The tear-streaked, elfin-faced slave peered directly into
her eyes and silently nodded without blinking or glancing away.
&nbsp;&quot;Bene. &nbsp;Well, perhaps he does not know either, little slave.
&nbsp;Men can be very unpredictable and highly emotional for the slightest of
reasons.&quot; &nbsp;Rosario's attempt at humor fell flat, the little slave
obviously being too timid and upset to smile back. &nbsp;&quot;Oh, come ON
girl. &nbsp;I am not going to eat you...although the thought is quite tempting!
&nbsp;I want us to be friends.&quot;

She stroked the slave's light brown hair and framed her face in her hands,
softly murmuring, &quot;You and I are so different and yet we have so much in common.&quot;
&nbsp;Pulling her up by the leash, she startled Alexa by kissing her deeply on
her mouth. &nbsp;The effect was gratifying as the little slave staggered then
swooned forwards with half-lidded eyes while their tongues danced. &nbsp;The
embrace lasted longer than either expected, leaving statuesque mistress and
diminutive slave eying each other speculatively as they re-appraised their
relationship.

&quot;Well, then. &nbsp;Time for my morning swim. &nbsp;Tell me, little slave,
would you like to come?&quot;

The ambiguous question was not lost on Alexa who could still taste Rosario's sweet mouth on her own tingling lips. &nbsp;Her
master's unexplained temper briefly forgotten, she shyly nodded and bobbed a
curtsey to the Latin beauty towering above her.

&quot;Good. &nbsp;Meet me in the smaller pool beneath the conservatory where
you ate last night. &nbsp;I have something to attend to first but it will only
take a few minutes.&quot;

Alexa watched her leave then picked up the brush and bucket to return them to
the cupboard under the staircase. &nbsp;Then it hit her - she was on her own,
unfettered, unrestrained, and free to go where she wished for the first time
since Miller had abducted her off the streets of New York. &nbsp;Master Charles had always kept her chained in
public until now. &nbsp;Her newfound freedom brought her no pleasure, instead
she felt oddly lost and unsettled.

Rosario went up the sweeping staircase two steps at a time,
peeling off her riding clothes in the long corridor and leaving them where they
fell. &nbsp;By the time she reached the doors of her private quarters, she was
completely naked. &nbsp;G�rard was exactly where she had left him. &nbsp;It was
not surprising since she had chained him to the radiator, cuffing his hands
behind his back but leaving his legs free. &nbsp;He glowered over the gag as
she knelt down to stroke his calf. &nbsp;&quot;I am so sorry about last night.
&nbsp;You see, I was quite tired supervising my new slave's initiation and I
simply had to get some rest. &nbsp;Then this morning, you were still asleep on
the floor so I left you lying - I hope you are not too disappointed.&quot;
&nbsp;Rosario slid the handcuff key a little closer to his foot so
it was no longer frustratingly out of reach. &nbsp;&quot;At least you did not
wet the carpet. &nbsp;Now I simply must dash - you can free yourself I am sure.
&nbsp;Oh by the way, Charles was looking for you and he is in one hell of a bad
mood about something so best watch your step, okay?&quot; &nbsp;She paused to
watch his contortions as he frantically dragged the key with his toes nearer
his trapped hands before he had an accident and soaked the floor. &nbsp;With an
affectionate wave, she was gone.

Rosario dived into the pool and startled Alexa by swimming
under her to surface just in front of her face. &nbsp;&quot;Now, where were we?
&nbsp;Oh yes.&quot; &nbsp;Alexa felt herself being pulled close for another
devastating kiss that left her gasping for air. &nbsp;Rosario guided her across the pool then helped her up on the
sandstone edge to sit with her feet dangling in the water. &nbsp;Alexa did not
resist when her companion pushed her thighs open and moved her head closer to
her nether lips. &nbsp;&quot;Such a pretty little ring.&quot; &nbsp;She
trembled when Rosario's mouth began to suck the tiny nub of pierced flesh
at the top of her inner labia. &nbsp;&quot;Mmm. &nbsp;Very nice. &nbsp;Lean
back, little Alexa. &nbsp;I want to put my fingers�yes, good slave.&quot;
&nbsp;Rosario pressed the ball of her left thumb against Alexa's
anus then slid two fingers into her moist, pouting sex. &nbsp;The effect was
incredible. &nbsp;When Rosario's
tongue began to circle and flick her ringed clit, Alexa gasped and panted in
shocked arousal. &nbsp;&quot;Did you think I learned nothing at that godforsaken
convent school?&quot; &nbsp;Rosario
grinned up at her lover's flushed face and returned to her exquisite task.

*****

&quot;I'm not very happy about this, girl. &nbsp;The area's not completely
cleared and the Taliban's gone to ground in these parts.&quot; &nbsp;Sergeant
Gomez scanned the tumbledown cemetery uneasily and glanced at the stunning
passenger next to him in the Hummer. &nbsp;&quot;You sure you know where the
grave is?&quot;

Guljana fingered the seashell she had carried all the way from Antigua and forced herself to look at the Marine's rough face. &nbsp;&quot;Yes,
sar-jent Gomais, please - it will not take long times.&quot;

&quot;Okay then. &nbsp;Stay in clear view and come straight back here. &nbsp;I
wanna be on the main road before sunset.&quot; &nbsp;He watched the girl slowly
walking towards the bullet-shattered headstones. &nbsp;Fuck, she was built!
&nbsp;The military jumpsuit fitted her like a glove, the light cotton creasing
and writhing as it rode inside her butt crack. &nbsp;Gomez wondered why the
Senator had brought this one all the way back from the States - if she was his
slave-bitch, he wouldn't let her out of his site. &nbsp;No, he'd have her naked
on the end of a chain, working that sweet mouth of hers where it
belonged�wrapped around the end of his dick.

There was another woman in the graveyard. &nbsp;Gomez watched her through the
binoculars. &nbsp;She was just a village peasant, dressed from head to toe in
the shabby rags that passed for traditional dress in this devastated corner of
hell called Afghanistan. &nbsp;Satisfied the villager presented no obvious
threat to the Senator's slave, Gomez reached for a Marlboro and settled back in
the driver's seat of the Hummer to listen to the military radio for any signs
of alarm.

It was so difficult to fight back the tears. &nbsp;Guljana clutched the
beautiful seashell and threaded her way past the smashed grave markers towards
the final resting place of her mother, Zahida. &nbsp;She knelt with head bowed
low, and remembered their promise to write each other's names in the sand on
the shores of America. &nbsp;Tiny Guljana had no idea what a beach or even a sea would look
like then but she had fulfilled her side of the bargain. &nbsp;If her mother
would never know how vast and wide an ocean was, she would bring part of the
ocean to her. &nbsp;Whispering a tiny prayer, Guljana carefully placed the
shell on the mound of rock and dust.

&quot;Jana? &nbsp;It is really you? &nbsp;JANA?&quot; &nbsp;She whirled and
looked up into the incredulous face of Zia's mother. &nbsp;&quot;Your clothes -
you are wearing the demons' clothes! &nbsp;We thought you were dead, taken with
my daughter by the American demons!&quot;She couldn't dash her hopes, no matter
how unreal they were. &nbsp;&quot;Zia, she...we were taken to America. &nbsp;I don't know where she is - we were
separated. &nbsp;I'm so sorry.&quot; &nbsp;The woman sank down beside her in
despair. &nbsp;&quot;Please, my grandfather�my home. &nbsp;Please, what
happened after I was abducted?&quot;

Zia's mother narrowed her eyes, staring at her in a calculating way.
&nbsp;&quot;Your grandfather? &nbsp;Why, he lives still. &nbsp;He is very sick
but he is still alive. &nbsp;Your house is destroyed - bombed by the American
demons along with half our village.&quot; &nbsp;She looked over her shoulder at
the military vehicle at the cemetery gate and slyly whispered, &quot;You wish
to see your grandfather?&quot;

&quot;Yes! &nbsp;Oh please - I'll get the soldier to drive us there!&quot;
&nbsp;She stood up, ready to run to Sergeant Gomez with the amazing news.

&quot;No - no demons! &nbsp;The shock will kill your grandfather if they come.
&nbsp;It is not far. &nbsp;I will take you now. &nbsp;We will be quick.&quot;
&nbsp;She began to tug at the sleeve of Guljana's jumpsuit. &nbsp;&quot;Hurry,
before the demon sees us!&quot;

Guljana paused, uncertain what to do. &nbsp;She had promised her Senate-Master
that she would not leave the sergeant's sight but she so dearly wanted to see
her grandfather. &nbsp;It would only be for a few minutes. &nbsp;She would
hurry back to the cemetery and everything would be all right.
&nbsp;&quot;Please, why are you being so kind? &nbsp;I thought you hated my
family.&quot;

The old woman paused. &nbsp;&quot;We rejoiced when the true followers of Islam
rid our lands of the Soviet devils but they were nothing compared to these
American demons. &nbsp;Shaitan rules us now and Allah punishes us by hiding His
eyes. &nbsp;True, your mother was a witch and a whore but you are from our
village even if you are a half-breed. &nbsp;It will have to do.&quot; &nbsp;She
beckoned urgently. &nbsp;&quot;Now COME before we are seen!&quot;

*****

&quot;Phew! &nbsp;Sometimes I wonder why we bother with men at all. &nbsp;If
they were not needed for having children, I believe we females could do very
nicely on our own.&quot; &nbsp;Rosario kissed the side of Alexa's head and stroked her
ringed breast. &nbsp;She added somberly, &quot;The men I seem to attract have
so far proved untrustworthy, selfish, and unreliable...unlike most women.&quot;
&nbsp;She smiled and lightly tapped the tip of Alexa's nose. &nbsp;&quot;I
think we make better relationships too - particularly when you find a
lover-girl who knows exactly how to reach a certain spot!&quot; &nbsp;Sitting
up on the massive bed, Rosario
confronted the little slave who lay outstretched in post-orgasmic abandon.
&nbsp;&quot;So, come on�did I do it for you too? &nbsp;Be truthful - I never
punish honesty but I despise people that tell me what they think I want to
hear.&quot;

Alexa reached up and hugged her tightly, whispering in a tiny, breathless
voice, &quot;Yes, Mistress, umm, padrona - it was wonderful but sex with my
Master is wonderful too.&quot;

Instead of being in trouble for her candor, she was rewarded by laughter.
&nbsp;&quot;Good girl - you see? &nbsp;I am not a monster, am I?&quot;

&quot;No, Mistress. &nbsp;I mean, not to me�not, umm, now.&quot;

Rosario stood and pulled her flushed companion towards the
bathroom. &nbsp;&quot;I can, however, be an absolute BITCH when required.
&nbsp;Come on, I need a shower and so do you, little slave. &nbsp;I am seeing
some important people shortly and I would like you with me. &nbsp;But first, I
want you to scrub my back.&quot;

After their shower, Alexa had helped Rosario get ready. &nbsp;She looked magnificent in a silver
lam� dress that clung to her figure like a coat of metallic paint. &nbsp;Then Rosario had tenderly brushed her ward's hair until it shone
before tying it into two girlish bunches with pink ribbon. &nbsp;She even gave
Alexa a light blue Gingham dress, navy knickers, and knee length white socks to
wear before taking some restraints from an ornate box on her bedside table.
&nbsp;The dress was several sizes too big but with the chrome waist chain
cinched and locked tightly above her hips, it did not look too baggy.
&nbsp;&quot;I really do not know why I kept my uniform, considering how I hated
wearing it so much.&quot; &nbsp;Rosario grinned at the sight of Alexa in secure fetters over
her old outfit from l'�cole De La Magdalene. &nbsp;&quot;Maybe if you had been
in my dorm, I would not have tried so hard to get expelled!&quot; &nbsp;She
paused and lightly brushed her ward's soft cheeks with the slightest hint of
rouge. &nbsp;&quot;Much better. &nbsp;You will fit the part perfectly,&quot;
she added without further explanation.

Alexa looked very sweet and innocent in the schoolgirl's clothing, simple and
uncomplicated - unlike everything else in her life. &nbsp;&quot;You are so
dangerous.&quot; &nbsp;Rosario
whispered as she kissed her young lover's forehead. &nbsp;&quot;It would be
such an easy thing to fall madly in love with you.&quot;

She didn't feel dangerous. &nbsp;If anything, Alexa felt troubled and confused.
&nbsp;This powerful, sophisticated woman was treating her with kindness and love.
&nbsp;Was she betraying her master by responding? &nbsp;He'd been so hard on
her lately but she didn't know why. &nbsp;She felt caught in the center of some
conflict she couldn't understand. &nbsp;Could he possibly be jealous of Rosario? &nbsp;Surely, her beloved master knew she was
totally his? &nbsp;Oh, everything was so confusing.

Attaching a leash to her collar, Rosario tugged her towards the door. &nbsp;Alexa looked down
at the slim cuffs that were locked to the front of her waist chain. &nbsp;With
a shudder, she recalled that it was exactly how they'd fettered her in the
nightmare. &nbsp;But she was in a palatial mansion, not a harsh prison.
&nbsp;She trotted behind the mistress of the house, lifting her feet high
enough to keep the ankle chain off the floor as her first master, Stephen, had
taught her. &nbsp;Every time she thought of him, her eyes felt moist with
sadness at his passing. &nbsp;He'd rescued her, turned her bleak, unhappy life
into one filled with wonder, excitement and love. &nbsp;True, a slave's life
was also fraught with pain and danger but she'd never felt so alive and
fulfilled. &nbsp;&quot;Oh master Stephen,&quot; she thought, &quot;I miss you
so very much.&quot;

Alexa knelt next to the large chair in the reception room adjoining Rosario's office. &nbsp;She was tethered to the arm by a
red, leather leash from her collar. &nbsp;Alexa looked up in awe at the young
woman sitting majestically in the heavy, wooden seat. &nbsp;Rosario reached
down and idly played with her collar, finding the exact place on Alexa's neck
that made her shiver as only the left half of her body erupted in Goosebumps.
&nbsp;Rosario leaned over and whispered, &quot;Your master told me
about your neck, little slave. &nbsp;Now, listen closely - do not utter a sound
during this meeting. &nbsp;Stay very still and carefully observe our visitors.
&nbsp;I will ask for your thoughts after they have gone.&quot;

A few minutes later, there was a soft knock on the door then Alfonso entered.
&nbsp;&quot;Padrona Rosario...schiava Alexa.&quot; &nbsp;His greeting to both
women was not lost on Rosario who tugged on the leash, prompting her ward to
lower her eyes respectfully.

&quot;Is Maria learning to please under Cesare's supervision?&quot; &nbsp;Rosario crossed her long legs, revealing a glimpse of sheer
silken thigh through the slit dress.

&quot;Si, padrona.&quot; &nbsp;He shrugged. &nbsp;&quot;She cries much.
&nbsp;She is very sore.&quot; &nbsp;He tilted his head at Alexa. &nbsp;&quot;Maria
has much to learn from this one, I think.&quot;

Rosario threw back her head and laughed. &nbsp;&quot;Not
only are you a superb knifeman but you are also an excellent judge of
character! &nbsp;Send in our guests - I think their hour-long wait has been
sufficiently instructive.&quot;

When Alfonso returned, he was accompanied by two grim-faced men. &nbsp;One wore
a somber dark grey suit and the other a uniform with medals and gold braid.
&nbsp;Both looked at the figure kneeling at the side of Rosario's chair in astonishment. &nbsp;&quot;Ah, mayor
_______, such a pleasure to see you again. &nbsp;Tell me, how is our fair city
today? &nbsp;Is your 'zero tolerance' policy working well? &nbsp;My people tell
me it is business as usual for us but very inconvenient for our
competitors!&quot;

The older man frowned. &nbsp;&quot;I really must protest about the delay before
seeing us, Rosario, we're going be very late for our press conference!
&nbsp;Your grandfather would have never made me wait like...&quot;

She cut him dead with a dismissive wave of her hand. &nbsp;&quot;You are only
mayor with our Family's blessing. &nbsp;Do not forget your place and in future,
you will call me Padrona. &nbsp;Do you understand me?&quot;

The color in the man's face had drained away. &nbsp;He thought better of
replying and went silent, looking fearfully in her direction.

&quot;Bene. &nbsp;Nonno Marco told me you were not a stupid man. &nbsp;We do
not keep fools on our payroll. &nbsp;We 'retire' them - remember this.&quot;
&nbsp;Rosario examined the man in uniform who stood there in
amazement with his mouth slightly open. &nbsp;&quot;And this must be our new
Chief of Police? &nbsp;How nice of you both to come and thank the Forte
Foundation. &nbsp;I am sure its donation to the Police Widows and Orphans
Benevolent Fund will be useful.&quot;

The uniformed man continued to stare at Alexa, eyes popping at her collar and
restraints in total conflict with her schoolgirl innocence. &nbsp;&quot;What in
the Lord's name is going on here?&quot; &nbsp;The Chief of Police pointed an
accusing finger at the kneeling slave. &nbsp;&quot;This...this is
OBSCENE!&quot;

The mayor muttered urgently at his morally outraged companion. &nbsp;&quot;Shut
up. &nbsp;Shut the fuck UP, for both our sakes!&quot;

Rosario stroked Alexa's hair. &nbsp;&quot;A pretty little
creature, isn't she? &nbsp;At least she has reached the age of consent, unlike
the young girl who sucked you off in the back of your church hall after choir
practice last month. &nbsp;You do know she tried to kill herself afterwards?
&nbsp;I am sure my good friend, the editor of the New York Times, would dearly
love to receive a copy of the recording we took.&quot; &nbsp;She casually
kicked a video cassette across the polished oak floor from beneath her chair to
the stammering man's feet. &nbsp;&quot;So you can lose the pious,
holier-than-though bullshit with me - unless you want the world to watch you
stuffing your pathetic little cock into that pre-teen's mouth and coming all
over her lovely young face.&quot;

The mayor sighed. &nbsp;Ignoring his new Chief of Police who was stammering in
shock, he tried to salvage the meeting with the future head of the Di ________
Family. &nbsp;&quot;Rosar...Padrona - exactly what is the Forte Foundation?
&nbsp;A million dollars is a very generous donation!&quot;

Rosario turned and smiled down at a startled Alexa who
stared back up in confusion. &nbsp;&quot;The Forte Foundation? &nbsp;You are
looking at her, mister mayor.&quot;

Forte�FORTE? &nbsp;Alexa gasped as she recognized Uncle Armando�s surname.
&nbsp;He had been so kind when she was set loose on the streets of New York. &nbsp;In return, Miller had tortured and killed
him. &nbsp;She would have covered her face and wept but the waist chain stopped
her from lifting up her cuffed hands. &nbsp;Alexa felt her head being gently
patted � Rosario had noticed her distress.

&quot;The girl? &nbsp;But she's in chains!&quot; &nbsp;The mayor swallowed,
thinking hard. &nbsp;&quot;Who is she? &nbsp;Is she your captive? &nbsp;Why is
she kneeling like...like that?&quot;

&quot;Oh, calm down. &nbsp;You do not need to know her name. &nbsp;She belongs
to a guest of mine and I am her trustee. &nbsp;This is all you need to know.
&nbsp;Anyway, I thought you came here to express your appreciation. &nbsp;Well,
gentlemen?&quot;

Alexa gaped in stunned amazement as the Mayor and Police Chief of New York crouched down in turn to shake her cuffed hand and
offer their thanks.

&quot;Now leave us. &nbsp;You two have a photo call to attend. &nbsp;Remember
to promote 'zero tolerance for organized crime', gentlemen.&quot;
&nbsp;Watching them go, Rosario
smiled down at her companion. &nbsp;&quot;I think that went very well, don't
you?&quot;

Before she could think of a reply, Alexa's tummy rumbled so loudly that she
forgot her tears for poor Uncle Armando and blushed with embarrassment.

&quot;When did you last eat, Alexa?� &nbsp;Rosario chuckled while she untied the leash from her chair's
arm.

&quot;Umm, l-last night, mistr...padrona - the s-soup�Lucia�s s-soup!&quot;
&nbsp;Grief threatened to overwhelm her again.

&quot;Goodness me! &nbsp;Well, you are going to the kitchens immediately.
&nbsp;I shall feed you myself...so long as you promise not to bite!&quot;


*****

&quot;You bloody FOOL - do you want to get us killed? &nbsp;She can easily do
that, you know.&quot; &nbsp;The mayor sighed and looked in disgust at his
companion in the mayoral limousine. &nbsp;&quot;I am not joking - Rosario is deadly, just like her grandfather but worse.
&nbsp;She is smarter than Don Marco too. &nbsp;Jesus save us - a woman with
beauty, brains, wealth, power...and a ruthless, killer instinct.&quot;
&nbsp;The police chief stared at him, still dumbstruck after his pedophilic
tastes were exposed. &nbsp;&quot;She executed her own fianc�, you know. &nbsp;He
was two-timing her for a classy attorney and Rosario found out. &nbsp;I heard that it was the only time
anyone has seen her cry - after she blew his brains out. &nbsp;The lawyer
disappeared - some people think she ran for her life but I reckon she ended up
as pig feed at that ranch upstate they use for the runaway hookers and anyone
else that's foolish enough to cross the Family.&quot; &nbsp;The mayor waited
for a response but got none. &nbsp;&quot;Damn it man, are you listening to me?
&nbsp;I am trying to keep you alive, for Christ's sake!&quot;

&quot;That girl, the one in chains - I've seen her face before.&quot; &nbsp;The
chief of the NYPD had finally found his voice.

&quot;What in hell are you talking about, you stupid idiot?&quot;

&quot;The girl in chains. &nbsp;The one dressed like a schoolgirl, kneeling by
that witch's chair. &nbsp;I am sure her mug shot was going around the precincts
recently. &nbsp;I'm sure she was a missing federal witness for something
big.&quot;

The mayor snorted in contempt. &nbsp;Why on earth had he appointed this fool
for a police chief? &nbsp;&quot;Look, if you don't want to end up as a smoked
ham in a delicatessen in Little Italy, you'd better forget all about that girl
NOW!&quot;

*****

She could not take much more of this. &nbsp;Caitlin bit her lip to prevent
herself from screaming in pain when she relieved herself. &nbsp;She would not
give the bastards the pleasure of hearing her cry out. &nbsp;It was her only
resistance, all she had left.

After the piercings came the rapes. &nbsp;The men used her for sex whenever
they wished. &nbsp;Sometimes a lone guard would enter her cell, either to force
her bruised thighs open or pin her face down on the thin mattress and bugger
her mercilessly. &nbsp;She had tried pleading, begging them to stop or at least
use protection. &nbsp;In desperation, she had mentioned the risks of pregnancy
or HIV but it was useless.

One of her abusers, the thin-faced man who had forced rings through her
sensitive flesh, laughed and whispered in her ear as he came inside her ravaged
cunt. &nbsp;&quot;Hah! &nbsp;You not get bay-bee - Russkies fix for us.&quot;
&nbsp;He sat up and savagely poked the scars on either side of her abdomen
where she had been injected into her ovaries. &nbsp;&quot;No bay-bee you!
&nbsp;No get AIDS you - we get fix you good fuck anytime!&quot; &nbsp;He was
jabbing her left arm where she had been painfully injected several times since
her arrival in the cell. &nbsp;What did he mean - they actually had an
inoculation against HIV? &nbsp;But that was impossible...wasn't it?

The metal door swung open to reveal the cruelly grinning face of the guard who
had held her while she was pierced. &nbsp;He was also naked and fingering his
huge erection in readiness for her violation. &nbsp;Caitlin's mouth went dry at
the sheer size of the huge man's distended penis. &nbsp;It was too big - she
would be injured internally! &nbsp;She screamed and fought but with her wrists
cuffed behind her back and their overwhelming strength they handled her with
ease. &nbsp;The larger man lay on his back while his colleague made her sit
down with her anus impaled on the giant's hard erection. &nbsp;The huge man
crushed her breasts in his large hands and arched her backwards, ignoring her
agonized screams.

The man she thought of as her torturer entered her from the front, wedging her
between their bodies as they raped her cunt and ass together. &nbsp;&quot;You
learn suck good too.&quot; &nbsp;Caitlin's head was twisted sideways. &nbsp;A
third man was holding the bulbous tip of his penis against her tightly clamped
lips. &nbsp;It was the young oriental killer from the Russian ship!
&nbsp;&quot;You suck boss good now or I get needles teach you obey.
&nbsp;Dorei, wakarimasu-ka?&quot;

She understood.

When they finished satisfying themselves, the younger man murmured something to
the others who bowed to him without a word. &nbsp;Caitlin shuddered as he
smiled down at her before leaving the cell.

She was given no time to recover. &nbsp;The chain from her collar hauled her up
so she had to stand on tiptoe or choke. &nbsp;The hose and brushes were
employed with more roughness than usual. &nbsp;Caitlin coughed and retched when
the pipe that had just been up her ass was forced between her teeth to flush
the semen from her mouth. &nbsp;The collar and fetters were removed and she
crouched on the cell floor wishing she were dead. &nbsp;Her body and tangled
hair were roughly dried with cloths then she was half-dragged, half-carried
face down along the corridor up several flights of stairs.

The room they took her to was ornate and sumptuously decorated. &nbsp;Semi-naked
oriental men, their bodies covered with tattoos, lounged on cushions.
&nbsp;They were being served drinks and food by young girls dressed in
athletics shorts and blouses. &nbsp;None gave Caitlin more than a glance before
returning their attention to the games of dice they were playing on low tables.
&nbsp;In the center of the room stood a large, rough wooden post as broad as a
telegraph pole. &nbsp;They forced her closer. &nbsp;&quot;Please, no!
&nbsp;Please don't hurt me anymore! &nbsp;PLEASE, STOP!&quot; &nbsp;Caitlin's
pleas had absolutely no effect as the men dragged her closer to the pole.
&nbsp;It had waiting metal cuffs on chains lying at the base, and similar
restraints dangling from the top, attached to a winch. &nbsp;Midway up the pole
a thin, metal bracket stuck out. &nbsp;She knew she would be cruelly stretched
while its narrow ridge dug into her already aching private parts.
&nbsp;&quot;No! &nbsp;Oh God, NOOO!&quot;

Their superior strength and her weakened state made it an easy task to fix her
wrists and ankles in the metal cuffs. &nbsp;Caitlin whimpered as the winch at
the top of the pole began to lift her arms above her head, making her belly
press up against the end of the bracket.

Caitlin screamed in fear as the winch clicked again. &nbsp;Notch by notch, she
was lifted clear of the floor. &nbsp;The end of the bracket rubbed lower until
it teased the front of her waiting cunt. &nbsp;Fighting was useless; in fact,
the bastards seemed to enjoy her helpless struggles while she dangled over the
pointed ridge aimed up into her abused cleft. &nbsp;When they lowered her until
the ridge finally made contact with her clitoris, she moaned in discomfort.
&nbsp;Her sore breasts rubbed against the rough pole, making her writhe in
agony while the fetters around her ankles were stretched down. &nbsp;Caitlin
could only pull herself up a tiny amount to relieve the dreadful pressure on
her clit but every time she settled back down again, the pain seemed worse.

&quot;What are you going to do? &nbsp;Please let me down. &nbsp;It hurts...OH
MY GOD!&quot; &nbsp;The torturer came over holding what looked like a pair of
shears. &nbsp;The razor-sharp blades were stained dark red. &nbsp;He reached up
towards her left hand. &nbsp;&quot;No, oh please, PLEASE D-DON'T!&quot;
&nbsp;Caitlin wailed when she realized what he was about to do. &nbsp;The edges
began to bite on the base of her little finger. &nbsp;This wasn't happening.
&nbsp;Surely, he was just trying to frighten her? &nbsp;They must know she was
trained as a classical pianist. &nbsp;He really couldn't be about to...

&quot;AAAIIIEEE!&quot;

She would never forget the sickening noise of the blades crunching through
flesh and bone, the pain like fire in her mutilated hand, the slickness of her
blood running down her arm, the stench of the poker cauterizing the wound...and
having to go through the same vile process with the little finger of her right
hand.

They made her look at them, at her poor, dead fingers, unnaturally side-by-side
on a bloodstained white handkerchief in a lacquered box. &nbsp;&quot;A present
for Yasov,&quot; the man said. &nbsp;Caitlin closed her eyes. &nbsp;The name
meant nothing to her. &nbsp;All she knew was the shocking agony of her
mutilated hands and the cruel pressure between her legs.

They left her to weep for a few minutes. &nbsp;Caitlin was roused from her
world of pain by a cool, tickling sensation between her shoulders. &nbsp;It
took her a while to work out what they were doing. &nbsp;They were painting
something on her back. &nbsp;Stretched against the pole, she could barely move
as a wet brush traced a curved design from the nape of her neck to the base of
her spine.

At first, Caitlin feared she was about to be tattooed like the men around the
room who occasionally watched her sufferings. &nbsp;Already reeling in shock
from the damage to her hands, the thought of having things permanently etched
into her skin was doubly sickening. &nbsp;But it couldn't hurt as much as
having her fingers chopped off, could it? &nbsp;When she saw the smoldering
brazier, the slim blades heating in the coals, and the protective leather
gloves being pulled over the torturer's hands, she began to scream. &nbsp;She
did not stop.

As they began to slice and burn the dragon�s outline into her soft, pale skin,
Caitlin threw back her head and howled. &nbsp;Each time she passed out from
pain and shock, they brought her around to experience every moment of the
design's brutal creation.

The cameras pointing down from the ceiling bore silent witness to her frenzied
shrieking as the blood sizzled and steamed on the glowing scalpels that carved
the dragon motif into her flesh. &nbsp;With a satisfied smile, the young
Japanese crime prince watching the monitors zoomed in for a better view of the
American blonde�s agonized face. &nbsp;If receiving this video, together with
the girl's fingers, did not provoke Yasov into retaliating, nothing would.
&nbsp;Yasov had to respond; he could not afford to be humiliated by losing a
full cargo of refined cocaine and knowing that his special, Yankee girl-toy was
being publicly used by his enemies. &nbsp;Nobody cheats the Yakusa, he thought
- the Solsnetskaya had to pay dearly for supplying the Japanese market with
defective heroin. &nbsp;The Oyabun refused to accept it was a deliberate act of
deceit, choosing instead to believe there was nothing more to it than an
unfortunate mistake. &nbsp;The old fool was obviously no longer fit to control
the clan. &nbsp;When the drugs war started, he would be cast aside. &nbsp;Some
day soon, there would be a new Oyabun in charge of the Yakusa�and cheating
vermin like Yasov would be wiped off the face of the earth!







 
  
  
   
    
    Reply 
    
    
    Forward 
    
    
    Invite philip to Gmail
    
   
  
  
  
  
  &nbsp;
  
  &nbsp;
 
 
  
  &nbsp;
  
  
  &nbsp;
  
  
  &nbsp;
  
  &nbsp;
 
 
  
  

  
  
  
  &nbsp;
  
  
  &nbsp;
  
  
  &nbsp;
  
 
 
  
  
   
   
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
   
   
   
  
   
  Rabbit1 one&nbsp; 
  
  
  
   
    
    to philip
    
   
  
  
  
  
  &nbsp;More options 
  
  
  &nbsp;&nbsp;Jun 27 (2 days ago)
  
  
  &nbsp;
  
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 


I
got the amended file ---no problem ---take care of her health and I will take care
of her story 

- Show quoted text -

On 6/27/06, philip mackay &lt;philmackay@talk21.com&gt;
wrote: 



- Show quoted text -

Dear Rabbit1 one,
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Thank you for responding so
promptly.&nbsp;&nbsp;I managed
to send you the wrong file, unfortunately, and hope 
you will use the attached amended version rather than
the earlier one?&nbsp;&nbsp;Although Ruth has Internet access in
hospital, she does not want them to see she is looking
at your website!&nbsp;&nbsp;She is using a PDA to write her 
stories so there might be one or two spelling mistakes
- I read it and could not find any.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;She asked me to pass on her best wishes
to you
and her thanks for your kind words.&nbsp;&nbsp;We hope to have
her home again soon. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Regards, Phil.
--- Rabbit1 one &lt;admin.bdsm@gmail.com&gt;
wrote:

&gt; I suppose it is ---I hope she gets better and send
&gt; her our best wishes ---I
&gt; will put it in line to be published 
&gt;
&gt; On 6/27/06, philip mackay &lt;philmackay@talk21.com&gt;
&gt; wrote:
&gt; &gt;
&gt; &gt; Good morning,
&gt; &gt;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I am sending you this email
for my wife, Ruth, 
&gt; &gt; who writes under the pen-name &quot;slave
ruthie&quot;.
&gt; Ruth is
&gt; &gt; currently in hospital and asked me to forward the
&gt; &gt; attached file to you.&nbsp;&nbsp;It is part of a story
&gt; called 
&gt; &gt; Harvest of Tears.
&gt; &gt;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Could you let me know if this
is satisfactory?
&gt; I
&gt; &gt; would like to reassure Ruth that it has been
&gt; accepted.
&gt; &gt;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Thank you, Phil Mackay. 
&gt; &gt;
&gt; &gt;
&gt; &gt;
&gt; &gt;
&gt;
___________________________________________________________
&gt; &gt; Copy addresses and emails from any email account
&gt; to Yahoo! Mail - quick,
&gt; &gt; easy and free.
&gt; 

http://uk.docs.yahoo.com/trueswitch2.html
&gt; &gt;
&gt; &gt; HARVEST OF TEARS
&gt; &gt;
&gt; &gt; CHAPTER 11
&gt; &gt; 
&gt; &gt; By slave ruthie
&gt; &gt;
&gt; &gt; It had not been the best of rides but it was
&gt; certainly exhilarating.
&gt; &gt;
&gt; &gt; Horse and human thundered across the immaculate
&gt; lawns without a care for 
&gt; &gt; the ruined turf.&nbsp;&nbsp;Blond mane flew in unison
with
&gt; dark hair in the crisp,
&gt; &gt; dawn breeze as the Arab stallion conveyed his
&gt; mistress home from their early
&gt; &gt; morning gallop.&nbsp;&nbsp;Rosario dismounted,
whispered her 
&gt; thanks into her steed's
&gt; &gt; ear, and then handed the reins to a waiting groom.
&gt;&nbsp;&nbsp;He nervously lowered his
&gt; &gt; eyes and stammered in response to her sharp
&gt; instructions.&nbsp;&nbsp;Turning to leave, 
&gt; &gt; she paused.&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;Giuseppe.&nbsp;&nbsp;I
almost forgot - how is
&gt; your mother?&quot;
&gt; &gt;
&gt; &gt; &quot;My mother?&nbsp;&nbsp;She is very sick,
padrona.&quot;&nbsp;&nbsp;The
&gt; young man was amazed that
&gt; &gt; the padrona even knew his name, never mind knowing 
&gt; about his mother's
&gt; &gt; terminal illness.&nbsp;&nbsp;Now that she could no
longer
&gt; work in the laundry,
&gt; &gt; everybody depended on him - particularly his many
&gt; younger brothers and
&gt; &gt; sisters.&nbsp;&nbsp;Although the Cosa Nostra gave a
little 
&gt; allowance since his hit-man
&gt; &gt; father had been sentenced to life imprisonment for
&gt; killing a judge, it was
&gt; &gt; never enough.&nbsp;&nbsp;He sighed.&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;For
her it is very
&gt; bad, padrona.&nbsp;&nbsp;It is soon her 
&gt; &gt; end, I think.&quot;
&gt; &gt;
&gt; &gt; &quot;Then why are you still over here?&quot;
&gt; &gt;
&gt; &gt; Giuseppe turned away to avoid her penetrating
&gt; gaze.&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;I have little money,
&gt; &gt; padrona.&nbsp;&nbsp;I send home my pay for the family
and
&gt; I-I cannot afford the fare.&quot;
&gt; &gt;
&gt; &gt; Rosario frowned then spoke into her radio.


&gt; &quot;Alfonso?&nbsp;&nbsp;Have the Learjet
&gt; &gt; ready at LaGuardia in one hour for departure to 
&gt; Palermo.&nbsp;&nbsp;No, not for me -
&gt; &gt; it is for young Giuseppe from the
stables.&quot;&nbsp;&nbsp;She
&gt; turned to the gaping
&gt; &gt; seventeen year-old.&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;Here, give me the
reins.
&gt; That was good work last 
&gt; &gt; night, by the way.&nbsp;&nbsp;For a young man, you
&gt; controlled yourself very well.&nbsp;&nbsp;Now
&gt; &gt; get your things and report to Alfonso.&quot;
&gt; &gt;
&gt; &gt; Giuseppe sank to his knees and reached to kiss her 
&gt; hand, overwhelmed by
&gt; &gt; his employer's
compassion.&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;Padrona!&nbsp;&nbsp;Grazie,
&gt; grazie!&quot;
&gt; &gt;
&gt; &gt; &quot;Enough of that.&nbsp;&nbsp;Family is everything
and when
&gt; you work for us, you are 
&gt; &gt; part of our Family too.&nbsp;&nbsp;Next time you have
a
&gt; problem, you tell me -
&gt; &gt; capische?&nbsp;&nbsp;Now go.&nbsp;&nbsp;You leave in
ten minutes -
&gt; RUN!&quot;&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes, she thought,
&gt; &gt; watching the lad dash for the servants' quarters, 
&gt; the Family really IS
&gt; &gt; everything.
&gt; &gt;
&gt; &gt; Rosario patted her horse and led him to be rubbed
&gt; down.&nbsp;&nbsp;Oasis Fire was
&gt; &gt; certainly ready to be entered in the Dubai
&gt; endurance race but sadly, she 
&gt; &gt; would not be riding him.&nbsp;&nbsp;Nonno Marco would
not
&gt; permit her to risk her neck,
&gt; &gt; as she was the sole heir to the Family's vast
&gt; financial and criminal
&gt; &gt; network.&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;I have lost my only son and
I cannot 
&gt; lose my only grandchild too,
&gt; &gt; my sweet Rosario.&nbsp;&nbsp;It would break my heart
and
&gt; your death would start the
&gt; &gt; greatest gang war for succession the world has
&gt; ever seen.&nbsp;&nbsp;It would tear our 
&gt; &gt; Family's empire apart.&quot;&nbsp;&nbsp;She knew he
was right
&gt; even though her father's
&gt; &gt; assassination meant her childhood dreams of
&gt; competitive riding could never
&gt; &gt; now be fulfilled. 
&gt; &gt;
&gt; &gt; Oasis Fire breathed on her neck as they entered 


&gt; the stable
&gt; &gt; courtyard.&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;Not this morning,
boy.&nbsp;&nbsp;I have
&gt; another pony to deal
&gt; &gt; with.&nbsp;&nbsp;Tomorrow, I promise you, I will tend
you 
&gt; personally.&quot;&nbsp;&nbsp;The horse
&gt; &gt; appeared to look reproachfully at his mistress but
&gt; dutifully entered his
&gt; &gt; stall.&nbsp;&nbsp;A typical male, she thought with
&gt; amusement, wanting to be the center 
&gt; &gt; of attraction all the time.
&gt; &gt;
&gt; &gt; The occupant of the adjoining stall blinked in the
&gt; sudden, harsh daylight
&gt; &gt; then pressed against the concrete wall in terror
&gt; when she saw who had 
&gt; &gt; entered.&nbsp;&nbsp;Rosario took her time, enjoying
Maria's
&gt; evident fear, savoring how
&gt; &gt; humiliated and helpless her new slave must be
&gt; feeling.&nbsp;&nbsp;The naked girl had
&gt; &gt; been cruelly buckled into a stiff, leather body 
&gt; harness and full-head
&gt; &gt; bridle.&nbsp;&nbsp;Maria's hands and feet were trapped
&gt; inside hobbled pony boots and
&gt; &gt; gloves that ended with dainty hooves, making her
&gt; appear like a heavily
&gt; &gt; restrained foal.&nbsp;&nbsp;On Rosario's explicit
&gt; instructions, the inside of the
&gt; &gt; broad leather strap between Maria's bruised and
&gt; red-latticed thighs held two
&gt; &gt; thick dildoes in place that would be terribly 
&gt; uncomfortable reminders of her
&gt; &gt; gang rape several hours earlier by most
of&nbsp;&nbsp;the
&gt; male staff and guards.&nbsp;&nbsp;How
&gt; &gt; the girl had piteously moaned, cried and finally
&gt; wailed in misery as the men 
&gt; &gt; queued up for their turn with the stuck-up Belgian
&gt; tart, reducing her from
&gt; &gt; an inexperienced virgin to a well-used whore in a
&gt; single night.
&gt; &gt;
&gt; &gt; Rosario had orchestrated the marathon session, 
&gt; choosing which equipment
&gt; &gt; was used to restrain and hurt the girl, and what
&gt; sexual positions were
&gt; &gt; employed for maximum cruelty and
violation.&nbsp;&nbsp;At


&gt; one point, she had held
&gt; &gt; Maria's head up by her hair while she half-hung in
&gt; spreader bars over a
&gt; &gt; padded bench, as one man brutally shafted her ass
&gt; from behind.&nbsp;&nbsp;When Rosario
&gt; &gt; forced her ring-gagged mouth towards Giuseppe's 
&gt; waiting cock, the look of
&gt; &gt; abject misery in Maria's eyes was beyond price.
&gt; It was hardly surprising
&gt; &gt; that the girl was so frightened by her mere
&gt; presence in the stall.
&gt; &gt; 
&gt; &gt; Rosario lightly tapped her red crop against the
&gt; thigh of her
&gt; &gt; jodhpurs.&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;Trot over here, little
pony, or would
&gt; you prefer to be whipped
&gt; &gt; again?&quot;&nbsp;&nbsp;Despite her restrictive
fetters, Maria 
&gt; struggled across the straw
&gt; &gt; on her hoofed hands and feet then knelt as near to
&gt; her mistress as the long
&gt; &gt; chain on her collar would allow.&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;Good
girl - now
&gt; that was not so 
&gt; &gt; difficult, was it?&quot;&nbsp;&nbsp;Rosario looked
down at the
&gt; former maid.&nbsp;&nbsp;Maria's back
&gt; &gt; was still covered in red welts from the previous
&gt; night's
&gt; &gt; punishments.&nbsp;&nbsp;Rosario raised the crop and
took a 
&gt; pace back.&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;Touch the end
&gt; &gt; with your mouth shield.&quot;&nbsp;&nbsp;Maria leaned
forward
&gt; until her collar chain swung
&gt; &gt; clear of the stable floor and tried to press the
&gt; leather
=== message truncated ===




___________________________________________________________
Yahoo! Photos � NEW, now offering a quality print service from
just 7p a photo http://uk.photos.yahoo.com

HARVEST OF TEARS

CHAPTER 11

By slave ruthie

It had not been the best of rides but it was certainly
exhilarating.

Horse and human thundered across the immaculate lawns without a
care for the ruined turf.&nbsp;&nbsp;Blond mane flew in unison with dark hair
in the crisp, dawn breeze as the Arab stallion conveyed his mistress home from
their early morning gallop.&nbsp;&nbsp;Rosario dismounted, whispered her thanks
into her steed's ear, and then handed the reins to a waiting groom.&nbsp;&nbsp;He
nervously lowered his eyes and stammered in response to her sharp
instructions.&nbsp;&nbsp;Turning to leave, she
paused.&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;Giuseppe.&nbsp;&nbsp;I almost forgot - how is your
mother?&quot; 



&quot;My mother?&nbsp;&nbsp;She is very sick,
padrona.&quot;&nbsp;&nbsp;The young man was amazed that the padrona even knew his
name, never mind knowing about his mother's terminal illness.&nbsp;&nbsp;Now
that she could no longer work in the laundry, everybody depended on him -
particularly his many younger brothers and sisters.&nbsp;&nbsp;Although the
Cosa Nostra gave a little allowance since his hit-man father had been sentenced
to life imprisonment for killing a judge, it was never enough.&nbsp;&nbsp;He
sighed.&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;For her it is very bad, padrona.&nbsp;&nbsp;It is soon
her end, I think.&quot; 

&quot;Then why are you still over here?&quot;




Giuseppe turned away
to avoid her penetrating gaze.&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;I have little money,
padrona.&nbsp;&nbsp;I send home my pay for the family and I cannot afford the
fare.&quot;



Rosario frowned then spoke into her
radio.&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;Alfonso?&nbsp;&nbsp;Have the Learjet ready at LaGuardia
in one hour for departure to Palermo.&nbsp;&nbsp;No, not for me - it is
for young Giuseppe from the stables.&quot;&nbsp;&nbsp;She turned to the gaping
seventeen year-old.&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;Here, give me the reins.&nbsp;&nbsp;That
was good work last night, by the way.&nbsp;&nbsp;For a young man, you
controlled yourself very well.&nbsp;&nbsp;Now get your things and report to
Alfonso.&quot; 

Giuseppe sank to his knees
and tried to kiss her hand, overwhelmed by his employer's
compassion.&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;Padrona!&nbsp;&nbsp;Grazie, grazie!&quot;





&quot;Enough of that.&nbsp;&nbsp;Family is everything and when
you work for us, you are part of our Family too.&nbsp;&nbsp;Next time you have
a problem, you tell me - capische?&nbsp;&nbsp;Now go.&nbsp;&nbsp;You leave in
ten minutes - RUN!&quot;&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes, she thought, watching the lad dash for
the servants' quarters, the Family really IS everything. 

Rosario patted her horse and led him to be rubbed
down.&nbsp;&nbsp;Oasis Fire was certainly ready to be entered in the Dubai endurance race but sadly, she would
not be riding him.&nbsp;&nbsp;Nonno Marco would not permit her to risk her
neck, as she was the sole heir to the Family's vast financial and criminal
network.&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;I have lost my only son and I cannot lose my only
grandchild too, my sweet Rosario.&nbsp;&nbsp;It would break my heart
and your death would start the greatest gang war for succession the world has
ever seen.&nbsp;&nbsp;It would tear our Family's empire
apart.&quot;&nbsp;&nbsp;She knew he was right even though her father's
assassination meant her childhood dreams of competitive riding could never now
be fulfilled. 

Oasis Fire breathed on her neck as they entered the stable
courtyard.&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;Not this morning, boy.&nbsp;&nbsp;I have another
pony to deal with.&nbsp;&nbsp;Tomorrow, I promise you, I will tend you
personally.&quot;&nbsp;&nbsp;The horse appeared to look reproachfully at his
mistress but dutifully entered his stall.&nbsp;&nbsp;A typical male, she
thought with amusement, wanting to be the center of attraction all the time. 



The occupant of the adjoining stall blinked in the sudden, harsh
daylight then pressed against the concrete wall in terror when she saw who had
entered.&nbsp;&nbsp;Rosario took her time, enjoying Maria's evident fear,
savoring how humiliated and helpless her new slave must be
feeling.&nbsp;&nbsp;The naked girl had been cruelly buckled into a stiff,
leather body harness and full-head bridle.&nbsp;&nbsp;Maria's hands and feet
were trapped inside hobbled pony boots and gloves that ended with dainty
hooves, making her appear like a heavily restrained foal.&nbsp;&nbsp;On Rosario's
explicit instructions, the inside of the broad leather strap between Maria's
bruised and red-latticed thighs held two thick plugs in place that would be
terribly uncomfortable reminders of her gang rape several hours earlier by most
of&nbsp;&nbsp;the male staff and guards.&nbsp;&nbsp;How the girl had piteously
moaned, cried and finally wailed in misery as the men queued up for their turn
with the stuck-up Belgian tart, reducing her from an inexperienced virgin to a
well-used whore in a single night. 





Rosario had orchestrated the marathon session, choosing
which equipment was used to restrain and hurt the girl, and what sexual
positions were employed for maximum cruelty and violation.&nbsp;&nbsp;At one
point, she had held Maria's head up by her hair while she half-hung in spreader
bars over a padded bench, as one man brutally shafted her ass from
behind.&nbsp;&nbsp;When Rosario forced her ring-gagged mouth towards
Giuseppe's waiting cock, the look of abject misery in Maria's eyes was beyond
price.&nbsp;&nbsp;It was hardly surprising that the girl was so frightened by
her mere presence in the stall. 



Rosario lightly tapped her red crop against the thigh of her
jodhpurs.&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;Trot over here, little pony, or would you prefer to
be whipped again?&quot;&nbsp;&nbsp;Despite her restrictive fetters, Maria
struggled across the straw on her hoofed hands and feet then knelt as near to
her mistress as the long chain on her collar would allow.&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;Good
girl - now that was not so difficult, was it?&quot;&nbsp;&nbsp;Rosario looked down at the former
maid.&nbsp;&nbsp;Maria's back was still covered in red welts from the previous
night's punishments.&nbsp;&nbsp;Rosario raised the crop and took a pace
back.&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;Touch the end with your mouth
shield.&quot;&nbsp;&nbsp;Maria leaned forward until her collar chain swung
clear of the stable floor and tried to press the leather base of the penis gag
against the crop's tip. 

But she could not get far enough forward.&nbsp;&nbsp;Rosario moved the crop just out of
reach.&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;Are you being disobedient?&nbsp;&nbsp;Do you want to be
punished, slut?&quot;&nbsp;&nbsp;She brought the tip tantalizingly close again
but not too close.&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;I told you to touch the tip,
slut.&quot;&nbsp;&nbsp;With a desperate moan, Maria tried again, pulling on her
collar chain so tightly that she was beginning to choke.&nbsp;&nbsp;Whenever
she almost reached the end of the crop, padrona Rosario placed it just out of
range.&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;Are you deliberately trying to annoy me,
pony-slut?&quot;&nbsp;&nbsp;Maria wailed in desperation and lunged forwards,
nearly throttling herself in the process.&nbsp;&nbsp;She almost managed to
touch the crop. 

Almost was not good enough.

The crop whistled through the air to make contact with Maria's
backside.&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;I can see you still have much to
learn.&nbsp;&nbsp;Cesare?&quot;&nbsp;&nbsp;A white-haired older man immediately
answered to the padrona's call.&nbsp;&nbsp;He scowled down at the quivering
&quot;pony&quot;.&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;I want this creature fucked hard on the
hour, every hour.&nbsp;&nbsp;No opening is to be left unused.&nbsp;&nbsp;See
that she pleases her lovers in every way and punish her severely if she
fails.&nbsp;&nbsp;No lasting injury to her body, mind.&nbsp;&nbsp;I know how
skillful you are with pain, Cesare.&nbsp;&nbsp;Nonno Marco told me you can make
the bravest man crumble without leaving a single mark.&quot;&nbsp;&nbsp;Maria
was so frightened at her words that she wet the straw.&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;Dirty
little pony-slut.&nbsp;&nbsp;If you do not satisfy Cesare and his men, you will
be mated with Oasis Fire.&nbsp;&nbsp;That should sell well on our websites, I
think.&nbsp;&nbsp;A cute little ponygirl being taken from behind by a fully
grown stallion - I wonder how many inches you could
take.&quot;&nbsp;&nbsp;Maria shook her bridled head in horrified
disbelief.&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;You are quite the little star, you know - last
night's movie went online a couple of hours ago.&nbsp;&nbsp;By the time I set
off for my morning ride, it had already been downloaded nearly 4,000
times.&quot;&nbsp;&nbsp;She ignored her ex-maid's wails of anguish and left the
girl in Cesare's devastatingly capable hands. 



As she strode into the lobby, Rosario noticed two things:&nbsp;&nbsp;the marble
flagstone shone immaculately, except for the trail of dirt she was leaving
behind her riding boots, and that Charles was standing over his naked slave who
was scrubbing the floor with a small brush and a bucket of water. 

Master Charles scowled at the line of muddy footprints from the
vestibule to where Rosario now stood and jerked hard on his
slave's leash.&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;Again!&quot;&nbsp;&nbsp;He brought down the
split leather tawse with his other arm to add another stinging red stripe to
the others on Alexa's backside.&nbsp;&nbsp;The cruel strap lashed repeatedly,
punctuating his angry words.&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;You - will - clean - it - all -
again - until - it - is - perfect!&quot; 

Rosario remained cool although she was
surprised by his fury towards the cowering girl.&nbsp;&nbsp;And Alexa appeared
very distressed as she tried to submit to the excessive
punishment.&nbsp;&nbsp;In fact, the little slave looked confused and
frightened, as though she could not understand her master's rage towards
her.&nbsp;&nbsp;Something was badly wrong.&nbsp;&nbsp;Rosario decided to intervene and gently
touched his arm to stay the next blow.&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;Charles, dear - this is
absolutely priceless.&quot;&nbsp;&nbsp;Her throaty chuckle caught him off
guard.&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;It is so amusing to see my ward scrubbing the floor on
her hands and knees like this!&nbsp;&nbsp;Do you have any idea how wealthy our
little cleaning slut is?&quot; 



&quot;No.&nbsp;&nbsp;Why should I care about
that?&quot;&nbsp;&nbsp;His terse reply was loudly abrupt and echoed around the
vaulted ceiling.

Rosario saw that he had not meant to be rude but that he was
fighting to control his temper.&nbsp;&nbsp;It was very out of
character.&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;Well, let us just say that one of her trust's
smaller properties is the hotel complex that contains your Organization's New York Center on the top floors.&quot;&nbsp;&nbsp;She smiled and absently patted
Alexa's trembling head, as if she was greeting a dog.&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;And to
think she is cleaning my hall.&quot;&nbsp;&nbsp;He had lowered the leather
strap that obviously terrified Alexa.&nbsp;&nbsp;Good.&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;Could
you spare her for the morning?&nbsp;&nbsp;I promise to look after your little
slave.&quot; 

Charles almost refused but knew he had nearly lost control and was unfairly
taking out his feelings of long-suppressed rage on Alexa.&nbsp;&nbsp;It was not
her fault.&nbsp;&nbsp;He was furious with himself for not executing her a
second time.&nbsp;&nbsp;He had failed in his duty, just as he had failed to
save his pregnant wife and the shame and grief followed him like a
curse.&nbsp;&nbsp;Why was the simple fact of owning a personal slave so damned
complicated?&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;I do not think...oh just TAKE her
then!&quot;&nbsp;&nbsp;He thrust his slave's leash into Rosario's hand, startling both women.&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;Look,
Rosario, have you seen G�rard anywhere?&nbsp;&nbsp;I tried
to find him earlier and he did not answer his door.&quot; 





&quot;Ah, well that is my fault.&nbsp;&nbsp;You see, I kept the
good doctor tied up most of the night.&quot;&nbsp;&nbsp;Rosario returned his puzzled glance with an
enigmatic grin.&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;I can release him if you need him back,
Charles.&quot; 



&quot;No, if G�rard is occupied on your behalf it will simply have to
wait.&nbsp;&nbsp;Just forget it.&quot;&nbsp;&nbsp;With that, he stormed off -
not even bothering to warn Alexa to obey Rosario without question.

Slave and Mistress watched him leave.&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;Well!&nbsp;&nbsp;What on
earth have you done to make your master so angry with
you?&quot;&nbsp;&nbsp;Tears spilled from the kneeling girl's eyes as she shook
her head in confusion.&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;Come along, little
Alexa.&nbsp;&nbsp;You are not totally mute � I know you can whisper what you
did wrong.&quot; 

Alexa followed the line of her leash to Rosario's hand but was unable to meet her
gaze.&nbsp;&nbsp;Her master had roughly shaken her awake in the early hours of
the morning to drag her downstairs and make her clean the hall floor in Rosario's mansion.&nbsp;&nbsp;She must have scrubbed it at
least five times but he had never been satisfied, repeatedly thrashing her on
her buttocks and thighs with the horrid tawse like her mother had done when she
wet herself in childhood.&nbsp;&nbsp;Her master had been furious with her but
she had no idea why.&nbsp;&nbsp;It terrified her to see him so angry and
upset.&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;N-not know...d-don't know,
m-mistress!&quot;&nbsp;&nbsp;She felt cool fingers tilting her chin upwards. 





&quot;Look at me.&nbsp;&nbsp;Good girl.&nbsp;&nbsp;Now, you are
telling me the truth?&quot;&nbsp;&nbsp;The tear-streaked, elfin-faced slave
peered directly into her eyes and silently nodded without blinking or glancing
away.&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;Bene.&nbsp;&nbsp;Well, perhaps he does not know either,
little slave.&nbsp;&nbsp;Men can be very unpredictable and highly emotional for
the slightest of reasons.&quot;&nbsp;&nbsp;Rosario's attempt at humor fell flat, the
little slave obviously being too timid and upset to smile
back.&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;Oh, come ON girl.&nbsp;&nbsp;I am not going to eat
you...although the thought is quite tempting!&nbsp;&nbsp;I want us to be
friends.&quot; 

She stroked the slave's light brown hair and framed her face in
her hands, softly murmuring, &quot;You and I are so different and yet we have
so much in common.&quot;&nbsp;&nbsp;Pulling her up by the leash, she startled
Alexa by kissing her deeply on her mouth.&nbsp;&nbsp;The effect was gratifying
as the little slave staggered then swooned forwards with half-lidded eyes while
their tongues danced.&nbsp;&nbsp;The embrace lasted longer than either
expected, leaving statuesque mistress and diminutive slave eying each other
speculatively as they re-appraised their relationship. 

&quot;Well, then.&nbsp;&nbsp;Time for my morning
swim.&nbsp;&nbsp;Tell me, little slave, would you like to come?&quot;

The ambiguous question was not lost on Alexa who could still
taste Rosario's sweet mouth on her own tingling
lips.&nbsp;&nbsp;Her master's unexplained temper briefly forgotten, she shyly
nodded and bobbed a curtsey to the Latin beauty towering above her. 

&quot;Good.&nbsp;&nbsp;Meet me in the smaller pool beneath the
conservatory where you ate last night.&nbsp;&nbsp;I have something to attend to
first but it will only take a few minutes.&quot;

Alexa watched her leave then picked up the brush and bucket to
return them to the cupboard under the staircase.&nbsp;&nbsp;Then it hit her -
she was on her own, unfettered, unrestrained, and free to go where she wished
for the first time since Miller had abducted her off the streets of New York.&nbsp;&nbsp;Master Charles had always
kept her chained in public until now.&nbsp;&nbsp;Her newfound freedom brought
her no pleasure, instead she felt oddly lost and unsettled. 





Rosario went up the sweeping staircase two steps at a time,
peeling off her riding clothes in the long corridor and leaving them where they
fell.&nbsp;&nbsp;By the time she reached the doors of her private quarters, she
was completely naked.&nbsp;&nbsp;G�rard was exactly where she had left
him.&nbsp;&nbsp;It was not surprising since she had chained him to the
radiator, cuffing his hands behind his back but leaving his legs
free.&nbsp;&nbsp;He glowered over the gag as she knelt down to stroke his
calf.&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;I am so sorry about last night.&nbsp;&nbsp;You see, I
was quite tired supervising my new slave's initiation and I simply had to get
some rest.&nbsp;&nbsp;Then this morning, you were still asleep on the floor so
I left you lying - I hope you are not too disappointed.&quot;&nbsp;&nbsp;Rosario slid the handcuff key a little closer to his foot so
it was no longer frustratingly out of reach.&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;At least you did
not wet the carpet.&nbsp;&nbsp;Now I simply must dash - you can free yourself I
am sure.&nbsp;&nbsp;Oh by the way, Charles was looking for you and he is in one
hell of a bad mood about something so best watch your step,
okay?&quot;&nbsp;&nbsp;She paused to watch his contortions as he frantically
dragged the key with his toes nearer his trapped hands before he had an
accident and soaked the floor.&nbsp;&nbsp;With an affectionate wave, she was
gone. 

Rosario dived into the pool and startled Alexa by swimming
under her to surface just in front of her face.&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;Now, where
were we?&nbsp;&nbsp;Oh yes.&quot;&nbsp;&nbsp;Alexa felt herself being pulled
close for another devastating kiss that left her gasping for air.&nbsp;&nbsp;Rosario guided her across the pool then helped her up on the
sandstone edge to sit with her feet dangling in the water.&nbsp;&nbsp;Alexa did
not resist when her companion pushed her thighs open and moved her head closer
to her nether lips.&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;Such a pretty little
ring.&quot;&nbsp;&nbsp;She trembled when Rosario's mouth began to suck the tiny nub of pierced flesh
at the top of her inner labia.&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;Mmm.&nbsp;&nbsp;Very
nice.&nbsp;&nbsp;Lean back, little Alexa.&nbsp;&nbsp;I want to put my
fingers�yes, good slave.&quot;&nbsp;&nbsp;Rosario pressed the ball of her left thumb against Alexa's
anus then slid two fingers into her moist, pouting sex.&nbsp;&nbsp;The effect
was incredible.&nbsp;&nbsp;When Rosario's tongue began to circle and flick her ringed clit,
Alexa gasped and panted in shocked arousal.&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;Did you think I
learned nothing at that godforsaken convent school?&quot;&nbsp;&nbsp;Rosario grinned up at her lover's flushed face and returned
to her exquisite task. 





*****

&quot;I'm not very happy about this, girl.&nbsp;&nbsp;The area's
not completely cleared and the Taliban's gone to ground in these
parts.&quot;&nbsp;&nbsp;Sergeant Gomez scanned the tumbledown cemetery uneasily
and glanced at the stunning passenger next to him in the
Hummer.&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;You sure you know where the grave is?&quot; 

Guljana fingered the seashell she had carried all the way from Antigua and forced herself to look at the
Marine's rough face.&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;Yes, sar-jent Gomais, please - it will
not take long times.&quot;

&quot;Okay
then.&nbsp;&nbsp;Stay in clear view and come straight back here.&nbsp;&nbsp;I
wanna be on the main road before sunset.&quot;&nbsp;&nbsp;He watched the girl
slowly walking towards the bullet-shattered headstones.&nbsp;&nbsp;Fuck, she
was built!&nbsp;&nbsp;The military jumpsuit fitted her like a glove, the light
cotton creasing and writhing as it rode inside her butt crack.&nbsp;&nbsp;Gomez
wondered why the Senator had brought this one all the way back from the States
- if she was his slave-bitch, he wouldn't let her out of his
site.&nbsp;&nbsp;No, he'd have her naked on the end of a chain, working that
sweet mouth of hers where it belonged�wrapped around the end of his dick. 





There was another woman in the graveyard.&nbsp;&nbsp;Gomez
watched her through the binoculars.&nbsp;&nbsp;She was just a village peasant,
dressed from head to toe in the shabby rags that passed for traditional dress
in this devastated corner of hell called Afghanistan.&nbsp;&nbsp;Satisfied the villager
presented no obvious threat to the Senator's slave, Gomez reached for a
Marlboro and settled back in the driver's seat of the Hummer to listen to the
military radio for any signs of alarm. 

It was so difficult to fight back the tears.&nbsp;&nbsp;Guljana
clutched the beautiful seashell and threaded her way past the smashed grave
markers towards the final resting place of her mother, Zahida.&nbsp;&nbsp;She
knelt with head bowed low, and remembered their promise to write each other's
names in the sand on the shores of America.&nbsp;&nbsp;Tiny Guljana had no idea
what a beach or even a sea would look like then but she had fulfilled her side
of the bargain.&nbsp;&nbsp;If her mother would never know how vast and wide an
ocean was, she would bring part of the ocean to her.&nbsp;&nbsp;Whispering a
tiny prayer, Guljana carefully placed the shell on the mound of rock and dust. 

&quot;Jana?&nbsp;&nbsp;It is really
you?&nbsp;&nbsp;JANA?&quot;&nbsp;&nbsp;She whirled and looked up into the
incredulous face of Zia's mother.&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;Your clothes - you are
wearing the demons' clothes!&nbsp;&nbsp;We thought you were dead, taken with my
daughter by the American demons!&quot;&nbsp;&nbsp;The older woman gripped her
shoulder so tightly it hurt.&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;My Zia - she is
alive?&nbsp;&nbsp;TELL ME!&quot; 

What could she say?&nbsp;&nbsp;This woman had been so cruel in
the village, denouncing her own mother as a witch and insulting Guljana by
calling her the half-breed of a Soviet devil and a filthy whore.&nbsp;&nbsp;But
how could she tell the woman that her daughter was probably dead, cruelly raped
and tortured by that horrible guard called Miller?&nbsp;&nbsp;She couldn't dash
her hopes, no matter how unreal they were.&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;Zia, she...we were
taken to America.&nbsp;&nbsp;I don't know where she is
- we were separated.&nbsp;&nbsp;I'm so sorry.&quot;&nbsp;&nbsp;The woman sank
down beside her in despair.&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;Please, my grandfather�my
home.&nbsp;&nbsp;Please, what happened after I was abducted?&quot; 



Zia's mother narrowed her eyes, staring at her in a calculating
way.&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;Your grandfather?&nbsp;&nbsp;Why, he lives
still.&nbsp;&nbsp;He is very sick but he is still alive.&nbsp;&nbsp;Your house
is destroyed - bombed by the American demons along with half our village.&quot;&nbsp;&nbsp;She
looked over her shoulder at the military vehicle at the cemetery gate and slyly
whispered, &quot;You wish to see your grandfather?&quot; 

&quot;Yes!&nbsp;&nbsp;Oh please - I'll get the soldier to drive
us there!&quot;&nbsp;&nbsp;She stood up, ready to run to Sergeant Gomez with
the amazing news.

&quot;No - no demons!&nbsp;&nbsp;The shock will kill your
grandfather if they come.&nbsp;&nbsp;It is not far.&nbsp;&nbsp;I will take you
now.&nbsp;&nbsp;We will be quick.&quot;&nbsp;&nbsp;She began to tug at the
sleeve of Guljana's jumpsuit.&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;Hurry, before the demon sees
us!&quot; 

Guljana paused, uncertain what to do.&nbsp;&nbsp;She had
promised her Senate-Master that she would not leave the sergeant's sight but
she so dearly wanted to see her grandfather.&nbsp;&nbsp;It would only be for a
few minutes.&nbsp;&nbsp;She would hurry back to the cemetery and everything
would be all right.&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;Please, why are you being so
kind?&nbsp;&nbsp;I thought you hated my family.&quot; 

The old woman paused.&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;We rejoiced when the true
followers of Islam rid our lands of the Soviet devils but they were nothing
compared to these American demons.&nbsp;&nbsp;Shaitan rules us now and Allah
punishes us by hiding His eyes.&nbsp;&nbsp;True, your mother was a witch and a
whore but you are from our village even if you are a half-breed.&nbsp;&nbsp;It
will have to do.&quot;&nbsp;&nbsp;She beckoned urgently.&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;Now
COME before we are seen!&quot; 

*****



&quot;Phew!&nbsp;&nbsp;Sometimes I wonder why we bother with men at
all.&nbsp;&nbsp;If they were not needed for having children, I believe we
females could do very nicely on our own.&quot;&nbsp;&nbsp;Rosario kissed the side of Alexa's head and stroked her
ringed breast.&nbsp;&nbsp;She added somberly, &quot;The men I seem to attract
have so far proved untrustworthy, selfish, and unreliable...unlike most
women.&quot;&nbsp;&nbsp;She smiled and lightly tapped the tip of Alexa's
nose.&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;I think we make better relationships too - particularly
when you find a lover-girl who knows exactly how to reach a certain spot!&quot;&nbsp;&nbsp;Sitting
up on the massive bed, Rosario
confronted the little slave who lay outstretched in post-orgasmic
abandon.&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;So, come on�did I do it for you too?&nbsp;&nbsp;Be
truthful - I never punish honesty but I despise people that tell me what they
think I want to hear.&quot; 

Alexa reached up and hugged her tightly, whispering in a tiny, breathless
voice, &quot;Yes, Mistress, umm, padrona - it was wonderful but sex with my
Master is wonderful too.&quot;





Instead of being in trouble for her candor, she was rewarded by
laughter.&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;Good girl - you see?&nbsp;&nbsp;I am not a monster,
am I?&quot; 

&quot;No, Mistress.&nbsp;&nbsp;I mean, not to me�not, umm,
now.&quot;

Rosario stood and pulled her flushed companion towards the
bathroom.&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;I can, however, be an absolute BITCH when
required.&nbsp;&nbsp;Come on, I need a shower and so do you, little
slave.&nbsp;&nbsp;I am seeing some important people shortly and I would like
you with me.&nbsp;&nbsp;But first, I want you to scrub my back.&quot; 



After their shower, Alexa had helped Rosario get ready.&nbsp;&nbsp;She looked magnificent in a
silver lam� dress that clung to her figure like a coat of metallic
paint.&nbsp;&nbsp;Then Rosario
had tenderly brushed her ward's hair until it shone before tying it into two
girlish bunches with pink ribbon.&nbsp;&nbsp;She even gave Alexa a light blue
Gingham dress, navy knickers, and knee length white socks to wear before taking
some restraints from an ornate box on her bedside table.&nbsp;&nbsp;The dress
was several sizes too big but with the chrome waist chain cinched and locked
tightly above her hips, it did not look too baggy.&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;I really do
not know why I kept my uniform, considering how I hated wearing it so
much.&quot;&nbsp;&nbsp;Rosario
grinned at the sight of Alexa in secure fetters over her old outfit from
l'�cole De La Magdalene.&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;Maybe if you had been in my dorm, I
would not have tried so hard to get expelled!&quot;&nbsp;&nbsp;She paused and
lightly brushed her ward's soft cheeks with the slightest hint of
rouge.&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;Much better.&nbsp;&nbsp;You will fit the part
perfectly,&quot; she added without further explanation. 





Alexa looked very sweet and innocent in the schoolgirl's
clothing, simple and uncomplicated - unlike everything else in her
life.&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;You are so dangerous.&quot;&nbsp;&nbsp;Rosario whispered as she kissed her young
lover's forehead.&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;It would be such an easy thing to fall madly
in love with you.&quot; 

She didn't feel dangerous.&nbsp;&nbsp;If anything, Alexa felt
troubled and confused.&nbsp;&nbsp;This powerful, sophisticated woman was
treating her with kindness and love.&nbsp;&nbsp;Was she betraying her master by
responding?&nbsp;&nbsp;He'd been so hard on her lately but she didn't know
why.&nbsp;&nbsp;She felt caught in the center of some conflict she couldn't
understand.&nbsp;&nbsp;Could he possibly be jealous of Rosario?&nbsp;&nbsp;Surely, her beloved
master knew she was totally his?&nbsp;&nbsp;Oh, everything was so confusing. 



Attaching a leash to her collar, Rosario tugged her towards the door.&nbsp;&nbsp;Alexa looked
down at the slim cuffs that were locked to the front of her waist
chain.&nbsp;&nbsp;With a shudder, she recalled that it was exactly how they'd
fettered her in the nightmare.&nbsp;&nbsp;But she was in a palatial mansion,
not a harsh prison.&nbsp;&nbsp;She trotted behind the mistress of the house,
lifting her feet high enough to keep the ankle chain off the floor as her first
master, Stephen, had taught her.&nbsp;&nbsp;Every time she thought of him, her
eyes felt moist with sadness at his passing.&nbsp;&nbsp;He'd rescued her,
turned her bleak, unhappy life into one filled with wonder, excitement and
love.&nbsp;&nbsp;True, a slave's life was also fraught with pain and danger but
she'd never felt so alive and fulfilled.&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;Oh master
Stephen,&quot; she thought, &quot;I miss you so very much.&quot; 





Alexa knelt next to the large chair in the reception room
adjoining Rosario's office.&nbsp;&nbsp;She was tethered
to the arm by a red, leather leash from her collar.&nbsp;&nbsp;Alexa looked up
in awe at the young woman sitting majestically in the heavy, wooden
seat.&nbsp;&nbsp;Rosario reached down and idly played with her collar, finding
the exact place on Alexa's neck that made her shiver as only the left half of
her body erupted in Goosebumps.&nbsp;&nbsp;Rosario leaned over and whispered, &quot;Your
master told me about your neck, little slave.&nbsp;&nbsp;Now, listen closely -
do not utter a sound during this meeting.&nbsp;&nbsp;Stay very still and
carefully observe our visitors.&nbsp;&nbsp;I will ask for your thoughts after
they have gone.&quot; 

A few minutes later, there was a soft knock on the door then
Alfonso entered.&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;Padrona Rosario...schiava
Alexa.&quot;&nbsp;&nbsp;His greeting to both women was not lost on Rosario who
tugged on the leash, prompting her ward to lower her eyes respectfully. 

&quot;Is Maria learning to please under Cesare's
supervision?&quot;&nbsp;&nbsp;Rosario crossed her long legs, revealing a
glimpse of sheer silken thigh through the slit dress.

&quot;Si, padrona.&quot;&nbsp;&nbsp;He
shrugged.&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;She cries much.&nbsp;&nbsp;She is very
sore.&quot;&nbsp;&nbsp;He tilted his head at Alexa.&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;Maria has
much to learn from this one, I think.&quot; 

Rosario threw back her head and
laughed.&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;Not only are you a superb knifeman but you are also
an excellent judge of character!&nbsp;&nbsp;Send in our guests - I think their
hour-long wait has been sufficiently instructive.&quot; 

When Alfonso returned, he was accompanied by two grim-faced
men.&nbsp;&nbsp;One wore a somber dark grey suit and the other a uniform with
medals and gold braid.&nbsp;&nbsp;Both looked at the figure kneeling at the
side of Rosario's chair in
astonishment.&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;Ah, mayor _______, such a pleasure to see you
again.&nbsp;&nbsp;Tell me, how is our fair city today?&nbsp;&nbsp;Is your 'zero
tolerance' policy working well?&nbsp;&nbsp;My people tell me it is business as
usual for us but very inconvenient for our competitors!&quot; 

The older man frowned.&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;I really must protest
about the delay before seeing us, Rosario, we're going be very late for our
press conference!&nbsp;&nbsp;Your grandfather would have never made me wait
like...&quot; 



She cut him dead with a dismissive wave of her
hand.&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;You are only mayor with our Family's
blessing.&nbsp;&nbsp;Do not forget your place and in future, you will call me
Padrona.&nbsp;&nbsp;Do you understand me?&quot;

The color in the man's face had drained away.&nbsp;&nbsp;He
thought better of replying and went silent, looking fearfully in her direction.


&quot;Bene.&nbsp;&nbsp;Nonno Marco told me you were not a stupid
man.&nbsp;&nbsp;We do not keep fools on our payroll.&nbsp;&nbsp;We 'retire'
them - remember this.&quot;&nbsp;&nbsp;Rosario examined the man in uniform who stood
there in amazement with his mouth slightly open.&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;And this must
be our new Chief of Police?&nbsp;&nbsp;How nice of you both to come and thank
the Forte Foundation.&nbsp;&nbsp;I am sure its donation to the Police Widows
and Orphans Benevolent Fund will be useful.&quot; 

The uniformed man continued to stare at Alexa, eyes popping at
her collar and restraints in total conflict with her schoolgirl
innocence.&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;What in the Lord's name is going on
here?&quot;&nbsp;&nbsp;The Chief of Police pointed an accusing finger at the
kneeling slave.&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;This...this is OBSCENE!&quot; 

The mayor muttered urgently at his morally outraged
companion.&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;Shut up.&nbsp;&nbsp;Shut the fuck UP, for both our
sakes!&quot;



Rosario stroked Alexa's hair.&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;A pretty
little creature, isn't she?&nbsp;&nbsp;At least she has reached the age of consent,
unlike the young girl who sucked you off in the back of your church hall after
choir practice last month.&nbsp;&nbsp;You do know she tried to kill herself
afterwards?&nbsp;&nbsp;I am sure my good friend, the editor of the New York
Times, would dearly love to receive a copy of the recording we
took.&quot;&nbsp;&nbsp;She casually kicked a video cassette across the polished
oak floor from beneath her chair to the stammering man's
feet.&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;So you can lose the pious, holier-than-though bullshit
with me - unless you want the world to watch you stuffing your pathetic little
cock into that pre-teen's mouth and coming all over her lovely young
face.&quot; 

The mayor sighed.&nbsp;&nbsp;Ignoring his new Chief of Police who was
stammering in shock, he tried to salvage the meeting with the future head of
the Di ________ Family.&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;Rosar...Padrona - exactly what is the
Forte Foundation?&nbsp;&nbsp;A million dollars is a very generous
donation!&quot; 



Rosario turned and smiled down at a startled
Alexa who stared back up in confusion.&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;The Forte
Foundation?&nbsp;&nbsp;You are looking at her, mister mayor.&quot;



Forte�FORTE?&nbsp;&nbsp;Alexa gasped as she recognized Uncle Armando's
surname.&nbsp;&nbsp;He had been so kind when she was set loose on the streets
of New York.&nbsp;&nbsp;In return, Miller had tortured and
killed him.&nbsp;&nbsp;She would have covered her face and wept but the waist
chain stopped her from lifting up her cuffed hands.&nbsp;&nbsp;Alexa felt her
head being gently patted � Rosario
had noticed her distress. 



&quot;The girl?&nbsp;&nbsp;But she's in
chains!&quot;&nbsp;&nbsp;The mayor swallowed, thinking
hard.&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;Who is she?&nbsp;&nbsp;Is she your
captive?&nbsp;&nbsp;Why is she kneeling like...like that?&quot;

&quot;Oh, calm down.&nbsp;&nbsp;You do not need to know her
name.&nbsp;&nbsp;She belongs to a guest of mine and I am her
trustee.&nbsp;&nbsp;This is all you need to know.&nbsp;&nbsp;Anyway, I thought
you came here to express your appreciation.&nbsp;&nbsp;Well, gentlemen?&quot; 

Alexa gaped in stunned amazement as the Mayor and Police Chief
of New York crouched down in turn to shake her cuffed hand and
offer their thanks.

&quot;Now leave us.&nbsp;&nbsp;You two have a photo call to
attend.&nbsp;&nbsp;Remember to promote 'zero tolerance for organized crime',
gentlemen.&quot;&nbsp;&nbsp;Watching them go, Rosario smiled down at her
companion.&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;I think that went very well, don't you?&quot; 

Before she could think of a
reply, Alexa's tummy rumbled so loudly that she forgot her tears for poor Uncle
Armando and blushed with embarrassment.





&quot;When did you last eat, Alexa?&quot;&nbsp;&nbsp;Rosario chuckled while she untied the leash
from her chair's arm. 

&quot;Umm, l-last night,
mistr...padrona - the s-soup�Lucia's s-soup!&quot;&nbsp;&nbsp;Grief threatened
to overwhelm her again.



&quot;Goodness me!&nbsp;&nbsp;Well, you are going to the
kitchens immediately.&nbsp;&nbsp;I shall feed you myself...so long as you
promise not to bite!&quot; 


*****



&quot;You bloody FOOL - do you want to get us killed?&nbsp;&nbsp;She
can easily do that, you know.&quot;&nbsp;&nbsp;The mayor sighed and looked in disgust
at his companion in the mayoral limousine.&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;I am not joking - Rosario is deadly, just like her grandfather but
worse.&nbsp;&nbsp;She is smarter than Don Marco too.&nbsp;&nbsp;Jesus save us -
a woman with beauty, brains, wealth, power...and a ruthless, killer instinct.&quot;&nbsp;&nbsp;The
police chief stared at him, still dumbstruck after his pedophilic tastes were
exposed.&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;She executed her own fianc�, you know.&nbsp;&nbsp;He
was two-timing her for a classy attorney and Rosario found out.&nbsp;&nbsp;I heard that it was the only
time anyone has seen her cry - after she blew his brains out.&nbsp;&nbsp;The
lawyer disappeared - some people think she ran for her life but I reckon she
ended up as pig feed at that ranch upstate they use for the runaway hookers and
anyone else that's foolish enough to cross the Family.&quot;&nbsp;&nbsp;The
mayor waited for a response but got none.&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;Damn it man, are you
listening to me?&nbsp;&nbsp;I am trying to keep you alive, for Christ's
sake!&quot; 





&quot;That girl, the one in chains - I've seen her face
before.&quot;&nbsp;&nbsp;The chief of the NYPD had finally found his voice.

&quot;What in hell are you talking about, you stupid
idiot?&quot;

&quot;The girl in chains.&nbsp;&nbsp;The one dressed like a
schoolgirl, kneeling by that witch's chair.&nbsp;&nbsp;I am sure her mug shot
was going around the precincts recently.&nbsp;&nbsp;I'm sure she was a missing
federal witness for something big.&quot; 

The mayor snorted in
contempt.&nbsp;&nbsp;Why on earth had he appointed this fool for a police
chief?&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;Look, if you don't want to end up as a smoked ham in a
delicatessen in Little Italy, you'd better forget all about that girl
NOW!&quot; 

*****

She could not take much more of this.&nbsp;&nbsp;Caitlin bit her lip to prevent
herself from screaming in pain when she relieved herself.&nbsp;&nbsp;She would
not give the bastards the pleasure of hearing her cry out.&nbsp;&nbsp;It was
her only resistance, all she had left. 





After the piercings came the rapes.&nbsp;&nbsp;The men used her
for sex whenever they wished.&nbsp;&nbsp;Sometimes a lone guard would enter her
cell, either to force her bruised thighs open or pin her face down on the thin
mattress and bugger her mercilessly.&nbsp;&nbsp;She had tried pleading, begging
them to stop or at least use protection.&nbsp;&nbsp;In desperation, she had
mentioned the risks of pregnancy or HIV but it was useless. 

One of her abusers, the
thin-faced man who had forced rings through her sensitive flesh, laughed and
whispered in her ear as he came inside her ravaged
cunt.&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;Hah!&nbsp;&nbsp;You not get bay-bee - Russkies fix for
us.&quot;&nbsp;&nbsp;He sat up and savagely poked the scars on either side of
her abdomen where she had been injected into her ovaries.&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;No
bay-bee you!&nbsp;&nbsp;No get AIDS you - we get fix you good fuck
anytime!&quot;&nbsp;&nbsp;He was jabbing her left arm where she had been
painfully injected several times since her arrival in the cell.&nbsp;&nbsp;What
did he mean - they actually had an inoculation against HIV?&nbsp;&nbsp;But that
was impossible...wasn't it? 





The metal door swung open to reveal the cruelly grinning face of
the guard who had held her while she was pierced.&nbsp;&nbsp;He was also naked
and fingering his huge erection in readiness for her
violation.&nbsp;&nbsp;Caitlin's mouth went dry at the sheer size of the huge
man's distended penis.&nbsp;&nbsp;It was too big - she would be injured
internally!&nbsp;&nbsp;She screamed and fought but with her wrists cuffed
behind her back and their overwhelming strength they handled her with
ease.&nbsp;&nbsp;The larger man lay on his back while his colleague made her
sit down with her anus impaled on the giant's hard erection.&nbsp;&nbsp;The
huge man crushed her breasts in his large hands and arched her backwards,
ignoring her agonized screams. 

The man she thought of as her torturer entered her from the
front, wedging her between their bodies as they raped her cunt and ass
together.&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;You learn suck good too.&quot;&nbsp;&nbsp;Caitlin's
head was twisted sideways.&nbsp;&nbsp;A third man was holding the bulbous tip
of his penis against her tightly clamped lips.&nbsp;&nbsp;It was the young
oriental killer from the Russian ship!&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;You suck boss good now
or I get needles teach you obey.&nbsp;&nbsp;Dorei, wakarimasu-ka?&quot; 

She understood.

When they finished satisfying themselves, the younger man
murmured something to the others who bowed to him without a
word.&nbsp;&nbsp;Caitlin shuddered as he smiled down at her before leaving the
cell. 

She was given no time to recover.&nbsp;&nbsp;The chain from her
collar hauled her up so she had to stand on tiptoe or choke.&nbsp;&nbsp;The
hose and brushes were employed with more roughness than
usual.&nbsp;&nbsp;Caitlin coughed and retched when the pipe that had just been
up her ass was forced between her teeth to flush the semen from her
mouth.&nbsp;&nbsp;The collar and fetters were removed and she crouched on the
cell floor wishing she were dead.&nbsp;&nbsp;Her body and tangled hair were roughly
dried with cloths then she was half-dragged, half-carried face down along the
corridor up several flights of stairs. 

The room they took her to was ornate and sumptuously
decorated.&nbsp;&nbsp;Semi-naked oriental men, their bodies covered with
tattoos, lounged on cushions.&nbsp;&nbsp;They were being served drinks and food
by young girls dressed in athletics shorts and blouses.&nbsp;&nbsp;None gave
Caitlin more than a glance before returning their attention to the games of
dice they were playing on low tables.&nbsp;&nbsp;In the center of the room
stood a large, rough wooden post as broad as a telegraph pole.&nbsp;&nbsp;They
forced her closer.&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;Please, no!&nbsp;&nbsp;Please don't hurt me
anymore!&nbsp;&nbsp;PLEASE, STOP!&quot;&nbsp;&nbsp;Caitlin's pleas had
absolutely no effect as the men dragged her closer to the pole.&nbsp;&nbsp;It
had waiting metal cuffs on chains lying at the base, and similar restraints
dangling from the top, attached to a winch.&nbsp;&nbsp;Midway up the pole a
thin, metal bracket stuck out.&nbsp;&nbsp;She knew she would be cruelly
stretched while its narrow ridge dug into her already aching private
parts.&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;No!&nbsp;&nbsp;Oh God, NOOO!&quot; 



Their superior strength and her weakened state made it an easy
task to fix her wrists and ankles in the metal cuffs.&nbsp;&nbsp;Caitlin
whimpered as the winch at the top of the pole began to lift her arms above her
head, making her belly press up against the end of the bracket. 

Caitlin screamed in fear as the winch clicked
again.&nbsp;&nbsp;Notch by notch, she was lifted clear of the
floor.&nbsp;&nbsp;The end of the bracket rubbed lower until it teased the front
of her waiting cunt.&nbsp;&nbsp;Fighting was useless; in fact, the bastards
seemed to enjoy her helpless struggles while she dangled over the pointed ridge
aimed up into her abused cleft.&nbsp;&nbsp;When they lowered her until the
ridge finally made contact with her clitoris, she moaned in
discomfort.&nbsp;&nbsp;Her sore breasts rubbed against the rough pole, making
her writhe in agony while the fetters around her ankles were stretched
down.&nbsp;&nbsp;Caitlin could only pull herself up a tiny amount to relieve
the dreadful pressure on her clit but every time she settled back down again,
the pain seemed worse. 

&quot;What are you going to do?&nbsp;&nbsp;Please let me
down.&nbsp;&nbsp;It hurts...OH MY GOD!&quot;&nbsp;&nbsp;The torturer came over
holding what looked like a pair of shears.&nbsp;&nbsp;The razor-sharp blades
were stained dark red.&nbsp;&nbsp;He reached up towards her left
hand.&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;No, oh please, PLEASE D-DON'T!&quot;&nbsp;&nbsp;Caitlin
wailed when she realized what he was about to do.&nbsp;&nbsp;The edges began to
bite on the base of her little finger.&nbsp;&nbsp;This wasn't
happening.&nbsp;&nbsp;Surely, he was just trying to frighten her?&nbsp;&nbsp;They
must know she was trained as a classical pianist.&nbsp;&nbsp;He really couldn't
be about to... 

&quot;AAAIIIEEE!&quot;

She would never forget the sickening noise of the blades
crunching through flesh and bone, the pain like fire in her mutilated hand, the
slickness of her blood running down her arm, the stench of the poker
cauterizing the wound...and having to go through the same vile process with the
little finger of her right hand. 



They made her look at them, at her poor, dead fingers, unnaturally
side-by-side on a bloodstained white handkerchief in a lacquered
box.&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;A present for Yasov,&quot; the man
said.&nbsp;&nbsp;Caitlin closed her eyes.&nbsp;&nbsp;The name meant nothing to
her.&nbsp;&nbsp;All she knew was the shocking agony of her mutilated hands and
the cruel pressure between her legs. 

They left her to weep for a few minutes.&nbsp;&nbsp;Caitlin was roused from her
world of pain by a cool, tickling sensation between her
shoulders.&nbsp;&nbsp;It took her a while to work out what they were
doing.&nbsp;&nbsp;They were painting something on her
back.&nbsp;&nbsp;Stretched against the pole, she could barely move as a wet
brush traced a curved design from the nape of her neck to the base of her
spine. 

At first, Caitlin feared she was about to be tattooed like the men around the
room who occasionally watched her sufferings.&nbsp;&nbsp;Already reeling in
shock from the damage to her hands, the thought of having things permanently
etched into her skin was doubly sickening.&nbsp;&nbsp;But it couldn't hurt as
much as having her fingers chopped off, could it?&nbsp;&nbsp;When she saw the
smoldering brazier, the slim blades heating in the coals, and the protective
leather gloves being pulled over the torturer's hands, she began to
scream.&nbsp;&nbsp;She did not stop. 





As they began to slice and burn the dragon's outline into her
soft, pale skin, Caitlin threw back her head and howled.&nbsp;&nbsp;Each time
she passed out from pain and shock, they brought her around to experience every
moment of the design's brutal creation. 



The cameras pointing down from the ceiling bore silent witness to her
frenzied shrieking as the blood sizzled and steamed on the glowing scalpels
that carved the dragon motif into her flesh.&nbsp;&nbsp;With a satisfied smile,
the young Japanese crime prince watching the monitors zoomed in for a better
view of the American blonde's agonized face.&nbsp;&nbsp;If receiving this
video, together with the girl's fingers, did not provoke Yasov into retaliating,
nothing would.&nbsp;&nbsp;Yasov had to respond; he could not afford to be
humiliated by losing a full cargo of refined cocaine and knowing that his
special, Yankee girl-toy was being publicly used by his
enemies.&nbsp;&nbsp;Nobody cheats the Yakusa, he thought - the Solsnetskaya had
to pay dearly for supplying the Japanese market with defective
heroin.&nbsp;&nbsp;The Oyabun refused to accept it was a deliberate act of
deceit, choosing instead to believe there was nothing more to it than an
unfortunate mistake.&nbsp;&nbsp;The old fool was obviously no longer fit to
control the clan.&nbsp;&nbsp;When the drugs war started, he would be cast
aside.&nbsp;&nbsp;Some day soon, there would be a new Oyabun in charge of the
Yakusa�and cheating vermin like Yasov would be wiped off the face of the earth!


&nbsp;














HARVEST OF TEARS







 
   
   jim
  2
  59
  2006-09-09T15:41:00Z
  2006-09-09T15:41:00Z
  1
  3189
  18181
   
  151
  42
  21328
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  Clean
  6 pt
  2
  2
  
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 


st1\:*{behavior:url(#ieooui) }







 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








HARVEST OF TEARS

&nbsp;

CHAPTER 12

&nbsp;

By slave ruthie

&nbsp;

&quot;Bianca, remember
how I used to sneak in here when I was small and you would give me
treats?&quot;

&nbsp;

Bianca put down the
dishcloth and frowned.� &quot;Si, Rosa
but you sat at the table and fed yourself - not like this THING in
chains.&quot;� She pointed an accusing
finger in Alexa's direction but averted her eyes from the kneeling girl who
blanched and stopped chewing.

&nbsp;

&quot;Alexa is not a
'thing'.� She is my friend and she is our
guest here, Bianca.&quot;� Rosario kept her voice low, aware that everyone in the
kitchen had stopped to listen.� &quot;If
anyone else insulted my ward like that, they would suffer badly for it.� Have a care, old woman.&quot;

&nbsp;

Bianca stood tall,
despite her crippling arthritis, and defiantly folded her arms.� &quot;'Old woman', is it?� Many times have I put you across my knee and
taught you manners when no one else dared and now you threaten me?� You call this 'schiava' your friend but she
has no free choice.� You keep her like a
toy.� She is no guest either with her
arms and legs all locked up - she is a prisoner.&quot;� There was a gasp from one of the younger
kitchen staff.� 

&nbsp;

The old woman made a
curious warding gesture with her gnarled left hand.� &quot;Jettatura,&quot; she muttered, and then
raised her voice so all could hear.�
&quot;Do not look at the schiava's face - she has the Mal
d'Occhio.&quot;� 

&nbsp;

A chef crossed himself
and backed away from the table where Rosario sat with a laden spoon ready to feed the
little slave at her feet.� &quot;No,
Bianca, this girl does NOT have the Evil Eye.�
She protected Uncle Armando who took her in and...&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;And died.� Oh, I do not blame the poor creature.� She cannot help that she carries a
curse.&quot;� Bianca pointed her finger
again but this time it was directly at Rosario.�
&quot;You will bitterly regret the day you heard of this Strega - mark
my words.&quot; 

&nbsp;

&quot;Superstitious
nonsense and you know it!&quot;� Rosario stood and glared at Bianca.� Just because she was her nonno's half-cousin,
it did not give her the right to accuse Alexa of being a witch.

&nbsp;

&quot;So I'm being
foolish, eh? �Just like when I begged
your papa not to go to the Superbowl the day his limo went under that truck and
he laughed at my superstition.&quot;�
Bianca put her hands on her hips and glared right back.

&nbsp;

The argument became
more heated as both women squared up to each other, gesticulating and shouting
in a mixture of English and Sicilian.� It
was too much for Alexa.� Shunned and
ignored by Rosario's staff, forgotten by the padrona and the old
woman, the little slave shuffled quietly away in her fetters to hide and weep.� 

&nbsp;

She got as far as the
passageway before bumping headlong into Alfonso.� &quot;Do not worry, schiava bene - Bianca,
she come around.� All the time they
fight.� She love the padrona like a
daughter and want only to protect her.� I
speak Bianca for you.&quot;� He let go of
her hair and stroked her wet cheek.�
&quot;I salute you.&quot;� Alexa
looked up into his kindly, smiling eyes.�
&quot;One so small taking out so large a man like Miller!&quot;� Alfonso patted her head in an affectionate,
almost fatherly way.� &quot;All of us
after him.� The Agency, the Bureau, il
Familia, the Triad, your Organizatione - everyone!� It was a matter of honor who will take him
down before the rest...and you get him first!�
Such brava from an untrained schiava assassin!&quot;

&nbsp;

Alexa didn't know what
to say or how to respond.� She hadn't
gone after Miller and certainly hadn't set out to kill him - he had abducted
and tortured HER.� When she jumped off
the tower to escape the cruelty, she hoped to drag him down with her to put an
end his sadistic murder spree.� It was a
desperate, suicidal act - not bravery.

&nbsp;

&quot;Maybe la Padrona
allows me to teach you use a knife - you like that, schiava bene?&quot;� Before she could reply, he reached down at
gently poked her in her back between her lower ribs.� &quot;See, here is a good place.� Stab the kidney and pain will make her...ahh,
him to drop like a stone.� Death too
quick to fight back or cry out loud, capische?�
I will ask if she permits.� Now,
lift up your chin.� Bene.&quot;� He looped a plastic tag under her collar then
pulled it tight through a small object.�
&quot;Do not worry - is only a tracker so we not lose you in this big
house.� Your man, Guy, he think it a good
idea too.� Now, you explore but not to go
outside for it is cold and your dress is too thin.&quot;� Alfonso grinned and swatted her rump,
propelling her down the corridor before closing the kitchen door so she could
no longer hear the argument raging between Rosario and the old woman.

&nbsp;

Rosario's home was truly vast.� She wandered through room after ornate room,
marveling at the beautiful art and objects around the walls.� One particular painting caught her eye.� A vast swirl of vibrant color almost leapt
out of the canvas.� She instantly
recognized the picture and its artist - the initials in the bottom right corner
confirmed it.� It had been propped
against the wall in Gina's tiny apartment!�
What was it doing here?� Alexa
stood, lost in thoughts of all the people she had met since arriving in the United States.� Gina
had shown her so much kindness and compassion, only to be enslaved by Master
Leroy.� They were briefly re-united in New York but neither could communicate as they had been
fettered and gagged in a holding pen.�
They had stretched as far as their collar chains allowed to touch each
other's cuffed feet.� That was the last time
they had met.

&nbsp;

She caught sight of
her reflection in a large, gilt-edged mirror across the room.� Alexa felt utterly out of place amidst the
sumptuous furnishings, standing in her fetters over a hand-me-down oversized
school uniform.� Why had her master been
so angry?� She wanted nothing more right
then than to kneel next to him and to feel his reassuring fingers under the
back of her collar.� Perhaps whatever had
annoyed her master had passed but she didn't dare go to find him.� No, he would summon her when he chose and
there was nothing she could do about it. 

&nbsp;

At the far corner of
the room, she noticed a curtain partly concealing a stone archway.� Alexa moved to see through the entrance to
the passage beyond.� It revealed a small
chapel, which was occupied by an old man kneeling before a statue of a
woman.� The life sized carving was made
of dark, cracked wood.� Ancient and
serene, her features marred by extreme age, the Madonna had upraised arms and
stood before a crown of stars painted on the wall behind her head.� Alexa reflexively crossed herself and curtseyed
as her grandmother had taught her before her childhood had descended into an
abusive nightmare.� As she raised her
eyes, she realized the old man was watching her.

&nbsp;

�You know Our
Lady?&quot;� He smiled and beckoned her
closer.� &quot;Come, join me.&quot;� Alexa knelt uncertainly by the man.� &quot;You do not know me, do you?� Ah but I know you, schiava Alexa.&quot;� He stared up at the statue.� &quot;Asherat, she was called long before the
Magdalene ever set foot in Marseilles.� She was Our Lady Of The Sea and
God's consort until the Holy Church took her as its own.� She is
beautiful and she is terrible.� I fear
her judgment.&quot;� The old man shrugged
and looked at Alexa with sadness in his eyes.�
&quot;I have done so many...questionable things in my long life.� And now I have so little time left to make
amends.� You are part of my atonement -
Armando, he asked it in my cousin Lucia's name and she...�� He turned back to look at the statue.� &quot;...She would not forgive if I broke my
word.&quot;� Then he surprised Alexa by
taking her head in his hands and gently kissing her brow.

&nbsp;

*****

&nbsp;

Master Charles looked
across at G�rard but the doctor studiously avoided his gaze.� The young man appeared to be embarrassed by
something.� &quot;Do you believe that
girl, Maria, will last very long?� Rosario does appear to be very hard on her
toys.&quot;� No response.� &quot;Are you listening, G�rard?� You appear to be distracted this morning.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Pardon?&quot;� The younger man looked blankly at him.

&nbsp;

&quot;It does not
matter.� Just forget it.&quot;� Master Charles sighed, picked up his papers
and tried to concentrate on the report for the umpteenth time.� It was no use.� The summary on the transformation of the
Organization's UK facilities from undisciplined chaos to efficiency should have satisfied
him as the new Head of Security, his old friend Lady Sarah M_________, had
implemented all his recommendations.� And
it had been through her inspired nomination of Mullah Al-O___ as a new master
that the oil pipeline being built across Afghanistan was now free from tribal attacks.� So why was he disinterested?� 

&nbsp;

Alexa came from London - that was why.� Through his failure to kill her, he might
have placed the Organization in danger.�
How could he be so foolish by letting his feelings for the girl get in
the way of his duties?� Was it really
love?� No, it was infatuation, that was
all, and it would surely pass.

&nbsp;

*****

&nbsp;

The torment of having
her perineum crushed between penetrating fingers made her cry out at the wrong
moment.� Maria felt the man's semen
trickle from her nose.� She coughed and
sneezed in fearful misery, knowing that her failure to swallow all her abuser's
cum would mean the horrible needles would be re-inserted inside her aching
private parts to cause incredible pain.� 

&nbsp;

&quot;Why you useless,
fucking slut!� You STILL haven't learned
to suck cock properly, have you?&quot;�
The man in front had seized her hair, twisting her head painfully
upwards.� &quot;.Just look at the state
of my slacks, you dirty bitch.&quot;� He
poked a finger into her eye, making her shriek in desperate agony.� &quot;Why I've got a good mind to...&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;No.&quot;� The cold voice of the man behind her paused
the assault on her streaming eye.�
&quot;You heard the Padrona.� No
damage to her property unless she says so.�
Leave us.&quot;� Maria sobbed with
relief - she did not want to be blinded!�
But the respite was short-lived.�
She heard the sound of a zip then a discarded condom wrapper joined the
other fifteen on the stable floor below her face.� There was a strange whooshing noise like a
foam aerosol accompanied by a pungent, medical smell, similar to the ointment
she used when her ankle had been sprained playing school volleyball.� The man behind moved closer, taking hold of
her ponytail and yanking her head as far back as it would go.� When he began to penetrate her backside
again, she cried out.� She hated anal
rape most of all - it was dirty, humiliating, and extremely painful.

&nbsp;

This time it was much,
much worse.� A burning sensation seared
inside her sensitive backside. �Maria
started shrieking and did not stop.�
&quot;Not as pretty or as tight as a young boy,&quot; the man sneered
with disgust.� &quot;But you will have to
do.� Start squeezing properly,
whore-bitch, or I will make you REALLY suffer.&quot;

&nbsp;

*****

&nbsp;

&quot;Goodness
me!� You two look like someone has
died.&quot;� Rosario threw herself down into an armchair and kicked
off her shoes.� 

&nbsp;

Master Charles looked
past her to the door.� &quot;Have you
finished with my slave?� Where is
Alexa?&quot;

&nbsp;

Rosario waved an indifferent hand.� &quot;Oh, she will be somewhere in the
house.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;You don't know?� Surely she is not unattended?&quot;� He looked furiously at Rosario, angered further by her amused expression.

&nbsp;

&quot;What is the
problem?� I am sure my ward is perfectly
safe in my own home.� You are ever so
touchy about Alexa.� She is hardly going
to hurt herself or anyone else, for that matter.&quot;

&nbsp;

But master Charles was
not satisfied.� He stood up and
frowned.� &quot;I need to find her.� Tell me Alexa is at least fettered.� She is not allowed to be unrestrained.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Charles, dear -
calm yourself down.� I will ask Alfonso
to fetch her.&quot;� Rosario pressed a button on the table by her
chair.� &quot;And yes, she is in chains,
although why you insisted on that excessive condition before bringing my ward
here puzzles me, Charles.� Why must she
be restrained like a criminal?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;It is because
she...&quot;� Master Charles stopped
himself from blurting out how dangerous little Alexa might be.� He would have to tell them everything and
that would be a huge mistake.

&nbsp;

&quot;It is a
condition imposed by the Executive Council after Miller's death.&quot;� G�rard interceded, glancing across in his
friend's direction.� &quot;According to
the Organization's rules, a slave who is involved in any way with the death or
injury of a master or guard must be killed.�
It is only because of our president's intervention that Alexa's
execution was suspended for a year, to be rescinded for good behavior but on
condition she is fettered in public at all times.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Well, that is a
stupid rule which takes no account of circumstances.� Thank goodness your president is such a sensible
man.&quot;

&nbsp;

Both men looked at
each other.� Master Charles faintly shook
his head.� Now was not the time to
explain that the Organization's titular head was actually a female
African-American slave.

&nbsp;

Alfonso appeared and
nodded towards Rosario.�
&quot;Si, padrona?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Our guest would
like his little slave back, Alfonso.� Do
you know where Alexa is?''

&nbsp;

The servant whispered
into a radio, paused then smiled.�
&quot;Schiava bene, she is in the chapel with your grandfather,
padrona.&quot;

&nbsp;

The news was too much
for master Charles, suddenly fearing the very worst, unthinkable incident could
have already occurred - his slave going berserk and killing the head of the
Family!� &quot;Where is this chapel?� We have to get there FAST before she...&quot;

&nbsp;

Even G�rard looked
puzzled.� &quot;Before she what,
Charles?� What is wrong with
Alexa?&quot;� But his colleague was
already racing out of the door behind Alfonso who had his stiletto knife at the
ready to protect Don Marco from an unknown threat.

&nbsp;

*****

&nbsp;

&quot;Please let me
go!� Please!&quot;� Guljana begged her unseen captors as she
knelt, blindfolded and bound on the dirt floor.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;She speaks our
language well for an infidel bitch.&quot;�
The mocking sound of a man standing over sneered in derision.� &quot;It is so disgusting that the American
devils let their women dress like men and leave their heads uncovered in
public.� Have they truly no idea how
uncivilized and insulting to Allah they are?�
The idea of a female soldier is so vile, so obscene.&quot;

&nbsp;

A horrifyingly
familiar voice responded just in front of her face.� &quot;Ahh but she is no American and no
soldier either, are you, my dear?&quot;�
The dirty blindfold was unwound.�
Piercingly cruel eyes stared out from a dreadfully burned and scarred
face.� The horribly disfigured features
did not prevent Guljana from recognizing the man.� It was the Talib warlord who had snatched her
when she came to beg for medicine for her ailing grandfather.� It was Sharazai!

&nbsp;

&quot;Hello,
Guljana.� Welcome back.&quot;

&nbsp;

*****

�

When they reached the
chapel, Alexa was helping Don Marco stand after kneeling too long.� He leaned heavily against the girl's shoulder
and looked expectantly at the perspiring Alfonso and Master Charles.� &quot;Well?�
What is so important that you have to disturb our prayers?� Alfonso, put the knife away - you might hurt
someone.&quot;

&nbsp;

Guy arrived, silenced
gun at the ready, having been alerted by the doctor.� Don Marco kept his hand on the girl's
shoulder.� &quot;What is going on?� What has happened?� My granddaughter - she is unharmed?� TELL ME!&quot;� At that moment, Rosario joined them, accompanied by G�rard.� &quot;You are safe - thank goodness.� But why all this trouble?� Charles?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Ah, it is all a
misunderstanding, Don Marco.&quot;�
Master Charles clipped a leash onto Alexa's collar and gently scratched
behind her ear.� &quot;I was concerned
that my slave would panic when left unsupervised.� I can see that my fears were unfounded.� Please accept my apology for causing
alarm.&quot;� As explanations went, this
one was pretty lame and he knew it was unconvincing.

&nbsp;

&quot;Yes, well.� No harm done.&quot;� The aged Don turned to his granddaughter.� &quot;All this excitement has given me an
appetite, Rosario.� Is
there a chance you could make an extra space at the lunch table for an old
man?&quot;

&nbsp;

Rosario immediately came forward to take his arm.� &quot;Nonno, you know better than to ask -
there is always room for you here.&quot; 

&nbsp;

Master Charles looked
down and smiled.� &quot;Alexa, what on
earth are you wearing?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Ah, that was my
idea.&quot;� Rosario called back as she left the chapel with her
grandfather.� &quot;I will explain over
lunch.&quot; 

&nbsp;

Lunch was a relaxed
affair of various Italian breads, meats, cheeses and a light, fruity Sicilian
wine.� Alexa found herself kneeling
between two powerful men.� On her right
sat Don Marco, chatting to her master over her head.� It was at times like this that Alexa realized
how much her life had changed from vaguely remembered infancy with her kindly
grandmother until her death.� Then the
horrors of her childhood had begun - the neglect, the cruelty, the physical and
sexual abuse.� Her time in care had been
so lonely - nobody wanted to foster her.�
Aunt Faye had taken her in when she returned from Australia but there was hardly any room in her tiny
apartment for Alexa's cousins, let alone an orphan.� So she had found a job with lodgings but the
hours were long, the pay low, and her boss had turned out to be a bullying
tyrant.� 

Since her abduction
and collaring by Master Stephen, an unloved and unwanted girl had become a
personal slave to not just one but two great men!� There had been hardships, she had suffered
pain and injury in slavery but it was all worthwhile as she had finally found
love.� 

&nbsp;

Alexa looked down at
the feet on either side.� Her master's
hand reached down and opened to reveal a tiny piece of meat.� She carefully picked it up with her teeth,
kissing his palm with her parted lips but leaving no trace of saliva on his
skin.� A scratch behind her left ear
rewarded her diligence before his fingers hooked under her collar.

&nbsp;

&quot;You people look
after your women most strangely, Charles.�
I had thought to see only harsh discipline, never affection.&quot;� Don Marco looked down between their dining
chairs and grinned.� &quot;I would never
try that with one of our own women - unless you did not mind losing your
fingers!&quot;

&nbsp;

The laughter around
the table made Alexa smile.� She liked Rosario's grandfather.

&nbsp;

&quot;Your little
slave here is more than just Rosario's ward, you know.� Armando did not only leave everything
belonging to him and Lucia to her.� He
declared Alexa to be like a daughter to him and that makes her almost my niece.&quot;

&nbsp;

Rosario's distinctive laugh broke the silence caused
by Don Marco's announcement.� &quot;But
that would mean Alexa is my aunt?� Oh,
nonno!� This is absolutely
priceless!�� Alexa felt she could never
look her in the face again, not after they had both...

&nbsp;

Thankfully, the
conversation above her head turned to other matters.� Rosario recounted her meeting with the mayor and his
new police chief, explaining how Alexa's presence and schoolgirl appearance had
been an excellent weapon that brought the new city official firmly under the Family's control.

&nbsp;

&quot;I saw the press
conference on the news channel.&quot;�
Don Marco raised his glass to his granddaughter, pride evident in his
face.� &quot;They were given a hard time
over the killings.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Has there been
another one, nonno?&quot;

&nbsp;

The old man
nodded.� &quot;In Brooklyn - same M.O. as the others.&quot;

&nbsp;

A chill crept through
Master Charles.� &quot;I have not heard
about this.� Is there a serial killer on
the loose?&quot;� 

&nbsp;

&quot;It certainly
looks that way but the victims are no great loss.� When the first bodies showed up, I told City
Hall to give me the victims' backgrounds.&quot;�
Don Marco shrugged.�
&quot;Low-lives - child molesters, convicted rapists...scum of the
earth.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;A vendetta?� Or a vigilante?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;A
woman.&quot;� 

&nbsp;

Alexa felt her
master's hand tighten on her collar.� He
spoke calmly but she knew Don Marco's words had upset him in some way.� &quot;Do you have more details?� Perhaps we can help - G�rard, we could offer
profiling assistance?&quot;

&nbsp;

Don Marco held up his
glass for Alfonso to pour more wine.�
&quot;The police think she lures them by pretending to be a victim.� Various weapons and other items, like
handcuffs and duct tape bearing the victims' fingerprints have been found at
the crime scenes.&quot;� He paused to sip
the excellent vintage.� &quot;Always it
is the same.� They are literally torn apart,
limb from limb.� The heads are discarded
but their genitals are forced down their throats.� And the hearts - they are always
missing.&quot;

&nbsp;

Master Charles felt
sick but not with revulsion.� &quot;How
many?� When did it start?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;At least forty
in the past year.&quot;

&nbsp;

G�rard noticed the
expression on his friend's ashen face.�
&quot;Pardon, Don Marco - you said a woman did this.� How do the police know it was one person?'

&nbsp;

&quot;Ah,
dottore.� There was DNA from wound sites
- saliva, and hair fibers.� It was
definitely female but the samples, they are strange.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;In what
way?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Too many
chromosomes - I do not understand these things but the lab says the attacker is
abnormal.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;What kind of
woman...&quot;

&nbsp;

Don Marco put down his
glass, reached for his walking stick and patted Alexa on the head as he
stood.� &quot;Indeed.� Now excuse me for I must go to a Family
baptism - it seems my blessing is almost as important as the priest's.&quot;

&nbsp;

Master Charles
sighed.� He had brought Alexa over from London nearly a year ago.� But there simply could not be a connection
between his slave and these murders in New York � she was never free, never unfettered.� Even if Alexa was a defective Roslyn girl,
she always had a cast-iron alibi.� It did
not make any sense!� 

&nbsp;

His slave looked up
and smiled uncertainly.� �Come on, let�s
get you out of those clothes, Alexa.�
I�ll ask Guy to fix up a cage so you can have an afternoon nap.�














HARVEST OF TEARS

 
  default
   jim
  2
  8
  2113-01-01T05:00:00Z
  2006-11-02T23:28:00Z
  2006-11-02T23:28:00Z
  1
  4460
  25425
  211
  59
  29826
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  Clean
  0 pt
  0 pt
  0
  0
  
  0 pt
  0 pt
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








HARVEST
OF TEARS

&nbsp;

CHAPTER
13

&nbsp;

By
slave ruthie

&nbsp;

&quot;Please,
not again.� Please, I can't take it any
more.&quot;� Maria knew her whimpering
would make no difference to her abusers.�
They were not interested in her opinion.�
She was only a plaything to them - nothing more, nothing less.� What mattered were the Padrona's instructions
and for the past 24 hours, the men had taken turns to forcibly rape her 'on the
hour, every hour'.� Maria had been fucked
so many times in her pussy, backside and mouth that she no longer needed to be
heavily restrained.� The mere sight of a
cattle prod, acupuncture needle, or other torture instrument was enough to
ensure she splayed her legs, spread her own buttocks or opened any of her lips
for penetration on demand. 

&nbsp;

She
ached all over.� She was exhausted and
had no tears left to shed.� Maria kept
her eyes lowered.� The highly polished
riding boots in front of her face meant the rapes would start all over
again.� She crouched on hands and knees
in the straw and waited to be abused.

&nbsp;

The tip
of a red leather riding crop came into view.�
&quot;You look awful, slut.� Have
you learned your lesson?� If you have,
you may kiss the tip.&quot;� This time,
Rosario did not draw back the end out of reach.�
She allowed the trembling, naked girl to touch her lips to her favorite
riding crop without having to strain forward on her leash chain.� &quot;Good little slave.� You see?&quot;� Rosario spoke gently while the filthy
creature encrusted with dried semen wept with relief at her feet.� &quot;Now that is so much better, isn't it?� You could have avoided all this
unpleasantness if you hadn't disobeyed me yesterday.&quot;� Her words brought further sobs from the girl
for she had not been allowed to touch the crop and knew that the Padrona would
have her punished on a whim even if she was obedient at all times.� &quot;Stop sniveling, girl.� Crawl across the courtyard to the main house
and report to Alfonso.� I want you thoroughly
cleaned up, fed and rested for later.&quot;�
Rosario unlocked the leash chain from the back of Maria's collar.� &quot;Do not even think of running away.� The guards are bored and would enjoy tracking
you down before you could reach the perimeter wall.� I gave them orders to slowly torture you to
death if they caught you trying to escape.&quot;� Rosario held open the stable door.� &quot;And if you disobey me again, I will
have your little brother gelded and sold to some very unpleasant African
business associates of mine.� I am sure
they would love to play with a pretty, castrated white boy...for as long as he
lasted, of course.&quot;

&nbsp;

Maria
wept in despair as she crawled across the hard cobbles.� Cold rain began to hit her back before she
reached the laundry entrance.� She did
not look up when Alfonso locked a chain to her collar, gently stroked her head,
and then pulled her towards the Security control suite.

&nbsp;

*****

&nbsp;

They
had repeatedly scanned the package for any suspicious metallic objects but
found no wires, switches or timers� -
only two ornate hinges and a clasp.� The
sniffer dogs discovered none of the telltale traces of explosives or incendiary
compounds.� Academician Georgiev took off
his glasses, rubbed his eyes and peered again at the x-rays.� &quot;So...it is simply a wooden box,
probably inlaid with some kind of precious gems.&quot;� He frowned in confusion at the images.� &quot;These two objects together inside the
padding- they have joints...like animal bones.�
No, not animal - human.&quot;� He
squinted up at his visitor.� &quot;They
are fingers, major.� A child's or a
woman's, perhaps.� They are wrapped in a
finely woven fabric, like gauze.� This
note on top the objects has markings in oriental text.� Chinese?�
Japanese?� I cannot tell.&quot;

&nbsp;

Yasov
smiled and touched his shoulder.�
&quot;Never mind, my old friend.�
I will have it translated.&quot;�
The ex-KGB major took two small glasses from his pocket then produced a bottle
of a viscous, clear liquid.� &quot;Just
like old times, eh?� Remember how we
solved that serial killer case?� You gave
me a forensic profile that helped me find him just before he gutted another
little girl.� Nobody believed me that it
was such a high-ranking Communist Party Official until you identified that the
fibers under one of the victim's fingernails.&quot;� He poured the vodka then raised his glass at
his aged colleague.� &quot;To the past,
then...before Glasnost and Perestroika ruined everything.�� The glasses came to rest on the laboratory
bench as both men brooded about the passing of the good times.� &quot;Well, my friend, let us take a look
inside this mysterious box to see what I have been sent.&quot; 

&nbsp;

*****

&nbsp;

Her
pussy and bottom were so sore inside and she felt dirty and soiled.� Before she was allowed to wash, Maria had to
endure an intimate, embarrassing examination by the Swiss doctor.� He had made her bend over while he explored her
private parts.� Surprisingly, he had been
gentle and used a cool, soothing gel to lubricate his surgical gloves.� Satisfied that she had suffered no internal
injuries, Doctor G�rard had told the watching Rosario that her new slave should
not have anal sex for a few days but could still be safely trained with butt
plugs as long as they were slim.�
&quot;And I am prescribing a broad-spectrum antibiotic for your
slave,&quot; he commented.� &quot;We find
that many newly broken girls are prone to cystitis and other complications due
to their suddenly heightened level of sexual activity.&quot;� The humiliation of being medically examined
in front of the Padrona had been profound - was she never to have any
privacy?� 

&nbsp;

Maria
nearly fell asleep in the shower.� The
warm water was so soothing after her cruel treatment for the past 24 hours that
she slumped down against the cubicle wall and let Alexa wash her body.� Master Charles' slave crouched down beside
her and massaged shampoo into her hair.�
Maria realized she no longer felt contempt for the girl.� After all, Alexa was only doing what was
necessary to survive her own captivity and sexual abuse.� But it did not explain the adoring looks she
gave to her master when they were together.�
Had Alexa become so conditioned to slavery that she no longer saw
herself as a free individual?� The
thought of becoming like that repelled yet strangely attracted Maria.� Would she run as eagerly to the Padrona as
Alexa did to her master?� No, she would
rather die!

� 

While
Alexa dried her hair, she was allowed to eat some watery soup.� Then she was led to a windowless cell and
chained with her arms above her head to lie on a thin, plastic-covered
mattress.� Finally, she was permitted to
sleep.

&nbsp;

*****

&nbsp;

&quot;Are
you going to tell me what is wrong with little Alexa?&quot;� 

&nbsp;

It
was Master Charles' turn to feel uncomfortable.�
&quot;I think she is still very traumatized after New York.� I think it might have been a mistake to bring
her here.&quot;

&nbsp;

G�rard
smiled.� &quot;And I think you
underestimate her, Charles.� She has more
inner strength than many men I know.� I
am, however, more worried about you.� Do
you never allow yourself to relax?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;G�rard,
I do not need this psychoanalysis.�
Perhaps you should look at your relationship with our hostess before
offering any advice to others.&quot;

&nbsp;

The
awkward silence between them was finally broken when Alexa was brought back by
Guy.� Master Charles thanked him but did
not even look down at his personal slave.�
&quot;How is Maria, little one?&quot;

&nbsp;

Alexa
relaxed at the gentle tone of his voice.�
&quot;She will be okay, master,&quot; she whispered.� &quot;She is very sore and frightened but she
is not hurt...just, umm, in shock, master.&quot;

&nbsp;

It
pained him to hear Alexa's faint, hoarse whisper but at least she was finally
communicating.� &quot;Good slave.� Guy, put Alexa back in her cage please.&quot;� 

&nbsp;

He
hadn't smiled or touched her.� She began
to cry.� &quot;Don't worry, kid.� Your master's got a lot on his mind just
now.� He's not mad at you.&quot;� Guy's kind words helped but she still felt
rejected.

&nbsp;

*****

&nbsp;

Once
the fever broke, Caitlin had been forced to confront reality without the
comforting madness of her hallucinations.�
She twisted her body and stared down in misery at the healing stump on
her right hand where her little finger used to be and tried to forget the awful
sound and the pain as her torturer cut through skin, muscle and bone to
mutilate her poor hands.� The angry, red
scar tissue where the branding iron had cauterized her tender flesh no longer
seeped or looked infected but it still hurt like hell.

&nbsp;

How
long had it been since she lost consciousness while the skin on her back was
intricately sliced with red-hot knives?�
What had they done to her body?�
All these piercings, brands and mutilations were systematically tearing
away her identity.� Caitlin almost wished
she had gone mad - it would be easier than being aware of her awful treatment
at their hands.� But two things kept her
sane: a burning desire for revenge against THEM and a yearning to be re-united
with her father. 

&nbsp;

Both
were impossible dreams in her current state.�
The guards had dragged her out of her cell to chain her up by her wrists
in a tiled alcove where, under their harsh gaze, she had been thoroughly
cleaned with a hose up her pussy and inside her backside.� The mute oriental woman had then washed her
body and hair, brushing out the tangles until her unruly, matted tresses were
disciplined into a tight ponytail on top of her head. 

&nbsp;

Although
Caitlin hated having her teeth brushed by someone else, she was particularly
upset when the woman applied makeup to her face and dabbed scent behind her
ears.� The watching men sniggered and made
comments that she knew were obscene insults, even though their words were
alien.� They were treating her like a
piece of meat!� Her hands were briefly
freed from above her head, only to be locked up behind her back to her collar,
and then she was roughly forced out of the shower area.

&nbsp;

Another
corridor, another room.� But this one was
circular and furnished with a dark red carpet and matching drapes on the
walls.� Large, floor-to-ceiling mirrors
between the drapes reflected back the horrifying scene as Caitlin was forcibly
lifted up to stand on a circular stage in the center of the room while her
collar was secured at the back to an overhead chain.� An overhead clicking noise made her look up
to see a metal pole on two more chains lowering towards her face.� With practiced ease, the two men briefly
freed her wrists but locked them into broad leather straps attached to the ends
of the pole, forcing her arms up and away from her body.� The ankle cuffs were next, with their short
chain swiftly replaced by another metal pole that secured her feet wide
apart.� The overhead chain attached to
her collar was tightened somehow just enough to make Caitlin stand on tiptoe to
relieve the pressure against her windpipe.�
She felt one of the men cup his hand under her cunt and steeled herself
for more abuse but a sharp word from his colleague made the man scowl and
remove his hand.� They left her alone in
the room, struggling to keep her balance on the balls of her feet for relief
from the horrible choking sensation.� For
the first time since her abduction, Caitlin had a clear view of herself.� A naked, fettered creature stared back as she
turned to look in each mirror.� She could
see her pierced nipples, the glint of a gold ring nestling between her shaven
pussy lips, and the matching ring through her nose.� She swallowed and made herself protrude her
tongue.� There was the fifth
piercing.� Her eyes roamed in misery to
her mutilated hands, each ending in a tiny stump where her little fingers
should be.� And in the reflected mirrors,
all the way down her back...

&nbsp;

...Oh
God!� The angry, red outline of a
snake-like dragon coiled from the base of her spine to the nape of her
neck.� The tears she had fought so
bravely began to flow freely down her cheeks.�
She half-stood, half-hung, exposed and adorned like an exotic whore
waiting for...for whatever brutality her captors chose.� She would not sob, she MUST not cry out loud
and give them the satisfaction of seeing her misery.� Caitlin willed herself to stop weeping before
anyone came.� After all, she was a
straight-A Harvard law student and a Senator's daughter.� Stop crying, damn it!

&nbsp;

What
seemed ages later, a man dressed in a black silk dressing gown entered and
slowly closed the door.� She recognized
him - it was the young oriental who had been in charge during the assault on
the Russian ship and who everyone in this hellish prison bowed to whenever he
came to supervise or participate in her degradation and abuse.� He just stood there, watching her writhe in
discomfort.� Finally, he loosened his
robe and let it fall to the floor.� He
smiled and sauntered closer, pausing to stroke his partial erection, as he
stood, naked like herself, only inches away from her helpless body.� &quot;You hate me?&quot;

&nbsp;

Caitlin
glowered back and hissed, &quot;What do you think?&quot;� 

&nbsp;

The
man's smile turned to a broad grin as his cock stiffened even more, brushing
against her thigh.� &quot;Hate is
good.� I like you hate me - see?&quot;� He slid his hard penis between her thighs so
it rubbed along the line of her cleft.�
Putting one hand behind her neck, he pulled her head close and kissed
her on the mouth.� &quot;You hate
me...and you want me,&quot; he murmured and kissed her harder, biting her lower
lip enough to hurt.

&nbsp;

She
tried to pull back when his tongue forced deeper into her mouth.� &quot;Ugh!�
In your fucking dreams, bastard!&quot;

&nbsp;

Her
insolence was rewarded with a hard slap across her face, making her eyes water
in pain.� &quot;No, in yours.&quot; 

&nbsp;

Caitlin
could not help herself.� A mixture of
pent-up rage and disbelief made her bite back.�
&quot;Are you INSANE?� I've been
raped and hurt and...and cut and burned and m-my fingers - y-you even had my
FINGERS cut off and you actually think I find you attractive?� My father is a highly respected member of the
United States Senate.� When he finds out
what you've done to me, he'll...&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;We
know all about father.� We know about his
Organ-ization also.� You think we Yakusa
not same?� Him, me - we same.� Maybe we send him video like Yasov.� Maybe he like watch me fuck you hard.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Wha...what
do you MEAN?� What is this
'organization'?� My father is NOT like
you!� He's a decent man!&quot;

&nbsp;

He
smiled and caressed the soft inside of her thigh.� &quot;Now you angry.� This is good!&quot;� Caitlin squirmed as his finger penetrated her
sex.� &quot;See?� You hot and wet for me.&quot;� He lifted his finger to her nose.� &quot;Smell how you want me.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Ugh!&quot;� Her attempts at pulling back merely made him
laugh.� &quot;Bastard!� Leave me alone!&quot;� 

&nbsp;

Using
only the tip of one f�nger, he began to expertly massage her clitoris, ignoring
her curses and demands to be released.�
Her cries became increasingly urgent until Caitlin was begging him to
stop.� &quot;Ohh, Goddd!! Y-you sick,
filthy, evil B-BASTARD!� D-don't...OHH,
P-PLEASE...ohh. d-don't...s-stop!!!&quot;

&nbsp;

She
fought it so hard.� Pulling herself up
made no difference.� The relentless
attack on her tiny, sensitive member alternated between the hard edge of his
fingernail and the soft pad of his finger.�
Caitlin screamed curses at him, shocking herself by her own crude words.� She ground her teeth in frustration,
squeezing her eyes shut and trying to think of ANYTHING else than the insistent
stimulation of her helpless body.�
Failure came with bitter tears of defeat.� In a defiant shriek, Caitlin arched and
twisted in orgasm.� &quot;Bastard!� I HATE YOU!!!&quot;�� 

&nbsp;

&quot;This
too I like - you fight back, not give up.�
So...�� Caitlin whimpered as he
stepped over the spreader bar so his lower body separated her legs.� She would have choked if he had not supported
her thighs.� &quot;If you not like give,
better I like take!&quot;� 

&nbsp;

The
tip of the oriental man's erection nudged against her swollen, pouting
labia.� &quot;Oh God, stop!� Ohh please, I've been raped so many times I
must be HIV positive.� Uhhnnn!&quot;� Caitlin shuddered as he impaled her on the
length of his engorged penis in a single thrust.� &quot;Oww!�
Bastard!� I hope I give you
AIDS!&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;You
not get HIV.� We fix - you have
inject-ion.&quot;� Before she could reply
that there was no vaccine against the deadly disease, he began to fuck her so
violently all she could do was shriek in pain.�


&nbsp;

After
several hard thrusts, he lifted her up and withdrew from her aching cunt.� He moved behind her.� The man traced his finger down her
intricately scarred back.� &quot;This
good - I have you tattoo next but now I ass-fuck you good.� You go tight on me or you get hurt bad.�� When she felt his penis nudging against her
anus, Caitlin cried and tried to pull herself higher.� &quot;No, ohh NOOO!!!&quot;� Her abuser simply waited for her arms to
tire.� With teeth gritted, she settled
her weight on his cock and shrieked as the rim of his glans suddenly pushed
past her tight sphincter.� 

&nbsp;

He
kept thrusting deeply inside her backside until he came.� Withdrawing, the man whose name she did not
know frowned.� &quot;You not tight enough
- you disobey.� You get punish
now.&quot;� The man snapped his fingers
and a young girl dressed only in a pair of light blue gym briefs and a white
sports blouse came running into the room with a cloth-covered tray.� She knelt and lowered her eyes.� Lifting the cloth away, the man pondered over
a series of gags that were neatly arranged in a row.� Caitlin shuddered as she glanced down at the
display - there were large, round balls on straps, a smaller spiked ball with
silver chain on either side, and something that looked like a large tip of a
penis on the side of a ball.� The man
stroked the shaft and looked up at her horrified face.� &quot;I hear you not like suck - this make
you learn.&quot;� He picked up the
horrible gag and held the black rubber glans against her firmly clamped
lips.� &quot;Open mouth.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Nnnnn!� Mmmmmph!!&quot;� She tried to turn her head but he took hold
of her nose and pinched it shut.�
&quot;Nnnn!!! Gkkkkk!!!&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Open
mouth!&quot;

&nbsp;

Caitlin
struggled to keep her jaw closed but he squeezed her nose harder and pushed the
penis gag further so her lips were forced apart and the rubber tip squeaked
horribly on the outside of her teeth.�
&quot;NNNNN!!!&quot;� It was
finally too much.� She had to get some
air or suffocate.� As she tried to open
her mouth just enough to draw breath, the man let go of her nose and suddenly
lifted her collar chain so high that her toes could not even reach the
stage!� Caitlin's eyes bulged in
fright.� &quot;AKKK!!!� MMMMFFFF!!!&quot;� The rubber glans pushed past her teeth and
rammed deeper into her mouth.�
Mercifully, her assailant released her collar chain so she could regain
her footing and stop being strangled by her collar. 

&nbsp;

Once
the gag's straps were tightly buckled behind her head, the young man stepped
back with his hands on his hips and rested one foot on the edge of the round
stage.� &quot;I like you better shut up.� Maybe we take tongue out later if you not
learn lick prop-erly.� Now we teach you
why obey is good idea.&quot;� With one
hard kick, he propelled the round stage out from under her splayed feet.

&nbsp;

Caitlin
dangled in mid air, desperately moving her feet around in a vain attempt to
reach the floor with her toes.� Her
collar dug in under her jaw.� The only
way she could avoid suffocation was by pulling herself up by her arms so she
could breathe!� 

&nbsp;

And
he just stood there watching.� Caitlin
gasped in as much air as she could manage and relaxed her aching arms.� Her collar squeezed her neck, making her
cough and expel her air.� She thrashed
her splayed legs in panic, gurgling and rolling her eyes as she began to
die.� 

&nbsp;

The
young man made no attempt to replace the round stage.� Instead, he took hold of her chin and made
her look at his face.� &quot;You want to
live?� You lift, you take a long
breath...HOLD - 1, 2, 3...you let breath all out.� Now you relax arms...WAIT - 1, 2, 3...you
lift again!&quot;� He stood back again
and watched her follow the rhythm.�
&quot;Good.� You learn fast you
only live if you obey and please me.� I
take you to humil-iate Yasov but maybe I keep you for fuck-toy anyway.&quot; 

&nbsp;

Caitlin's
abuser grinned at her expression of pure hatred above the horrid gag, while she
struggled to conserve her energy and maintain the pattern he had set to keep
her alive...for as long as her arms did not tire.� He was not satisfied with the damage they had
inflicted on her body.� This sadist
intended to break her will, to ruin her mind!�
Well, they had underestimated her and if they wanted a docile, obedient
sex-slave, they had another thing coming!�
Disobedience had extremely high stakes but despite the danger, Caitlin
was determined to play.� Let's see whose
nerve fails first, she thought.� If I
lose, it will be a quicker end and on MY terms!

&nbsp;

The
young oriental man raised a quizzical eyebrow when she lifted herself up for
more than three seconds.� Their eyes
locked as she counted to twenty, her arms trembling with exertion.� He looked displeased as she reached thirty
seconds then his mouth gaped when she loudly exhaled and let herself go limp.

&nbsp;

The
pain in her chest as she hung with her throat squeezed shut was excruciating
but she was determined not to pull herself up and draw a breath.� Caitlin's lungs ached for air.� Her constricted neck made her dizzy.� The vision of her abuser's surprised face
became blurred.� She heard his shouts of
alarm from a distance as she lost consciousness and bladder control...

&nbsp;

***

&nbsp;

&quot;What
am I going to do with her?&quot;� 

&nbsp;

Alexa
opened one eye and peeped out through the heavy, steel bars of the slave
cage.� Her master was sitting on the edge
of the bed, holding the photo he kept in his wallet.� Alexa had seen the picture only once, when
Master Phil had inadvertently left it out while taking a shower in his
apartment at the Ranch.� She hadn't
touched it, of course, and felt a little guilty even looking at it.� The photo was of a younger version of her
master with his arm around a very pretty dark-haired girl on the porch of a
house.� They were smiling broadly and the
girl was resting her hand on her obviously pregnant belly.

&nbsp;

Although
it was a happy picture, Alexa felt great sadness for her master.� Something had happened to take away the good
things he had once shared with the girl by his side.� She would never mention it but she wondered
if this was the person called 'Laura' that he sometimes called out to in his
sleep or during sex.� 

&nbsp;

Alexa
pretended to stir as though she was just beginning to wake and watched Master
Charles quickly put the photo away.� She
struggled onto her back in the cage and rubbed her eyes with her heavily cuffed
hands.� 

&nbsp;

The
comforting restraints of her extra fetters and the reassurance of the securely
locked cage had been wonderful.� After
Guy finished chaining her ankles to the end of the cage, she had lifted up her
hands so he could lock her arms above her head.�
But he only locked her collar chain around the bars, leaving her
fettered hands free to reach down her body.�
&quot;Not too much playing, kid - remember to get some rest.&quot;� Guy had grinned and ruffled her hair through
the bars, making the heat rise in her face.�
Once he had left her alone in the room, she took advantage of her free
hands and soothed herself to sleep...� 

&nbsp;

...And
now her master was looking at her, his eyes roaming from her face to her
pierced breasts, her brand, her thighs.�
Alexa kept her eyes on his, slowly raised her left leg higher to reveal
her vulva and moved her head to expose her collared throat.� Master Charles' somber expression dissolved
into a grin.� &quot;Teasing a master can
get an insolent slave into trouble.&quot;��


&nbsp;

The
trouble came in the form of being hauled out the cage, bent face down over the
end and savagely taken from behind.�
Alexa gasped under her master's weight, crushing her against the cage's
bars while he repeatedly thrust into her body.�
It was such a relief, such a release to be intensely fucked in this
way.� Perhaps whatever was on her
master's mind was easing.

&nbsp;

Picking
her up and carrying his little slave over his shoulder, Master Charles threw
her onto her back on the bed, forced her cuffed hands above her head.� &quot;Resist me, slave.� Don't make it too easy.&quot;

&nbsp;

Alexa
intensely disliked this order.� It had
been something that Marek had used during her slave training at the
Ch�teau.� It went against all her
naturally compliant instincts as a submissive and her first master's son had
tested her obedience to the limit with his harsh command to fight against rape.� Her mind went back to the experience of being
easily overpowered by two guards specially chosen by Marek while he
watched.� She had half-heartedly tried to
resist until her back passage and vagina were deeply penetrated.� Then Marek had abruptly stopped the
double-rape and made her resist them all over again.� He would not be satisfied until she did it
properly.� On the fourth attempt, Alexa
had nearly bitten a guard's arm and scratched his face.� But she became so distraught at what she'd
done to him that Marek had to abandon the lesson and have her sedated.� After speaking to his father, Marek had never
again ordered her to resist rape. 

&nbsp;

But
now, faced with the same command from her master, she fought down bitter
memories of her childhood to dutifully writhe and struggle with all her might,
trying to wriggle away and keep her head turned from his face.� If Master Charles wanted her to resist rape,
she would do her best to obey.� Anyway,
with her wrists and ankles in chains, there was little she could do apart from
yield to his superior strength and agility.�
She nearly managed to slide her body out from under his but he quickly
shoved his knee between her thighs, hooking his foot under her ankle
chain.� His second leg pushed her knees
wider apart so her ankle chain was taut over the backs of his calves. �With one hand still pinning her wrist chain
and the other in the small of her back, lifting her pelvis towards his groin,
Master Charles drove his swollen penis deeply into her aching vagina then
lowered his head and fiercely kissed her waiting mouth.

&nbsp;

Alexa
convulsed in an overwhelming mixture of shock, desire, and fulfillment.� &quot;Ash, my little slave.� Stephen was right about you - one of the best
rides a master could find!&quot;

&nbsp;

As
they lay together in post-orgasmic afterglow, Master Charles gently stroked her
hair.� Alexa began to silently cry but
she did not know what her tears were for.�
She was safe in the arms of her beloved master but something had
changed.� Her nightmarish dreams of
prison and some kind of execution chamber had mercifully ceased haunting her
sleep so why did she have such an overwhelming feeling of sadness and
dread?� Master Charles held her tighter
and kissed the top of her head.�
&quot;Shh, little one, everything is going to be okay.&quot;

&nbsp;

There
was a soft knocking at the door that followed a pre-arranged sequence.� &quot;Guy?�
What's wrong?&quot;� Master
Charles had the door open in seconds.�
&quot;What is it?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;New
York Center just called, sir.� They have
an urgent message for you from Yasov in Moscow.�
He says he has to speak to you right away.� Says it�s very important.&quot;

&nbsp;

*****


&nbsp;

&quot;These
are pleasing.&quot;� Guljana winced as
her assailant tugged at her left nipple ring.�
&quot;And this is decorative.&quot;�
He jabbed his finger into the center of her brand.� &quot;I have seen this sign before on the jet
that the devil they call 'Ramasfael' used at Kabul airfield.� Are all the female slaves in the USA marked
like this to show who owns them?� Perhaps
these Americans are more civilized than we think!� But what I do not understand, my little
houri, is why you are here.�� Sharazai's
breath stank as he spoke close to her ear.�
Guljana had been stripped naked and bound to a heavy beam of wood across
her shoulders so her arms were painfully outstretched. 

&nbsp;

The
scarred and burned face of the Afghan warlord continued to examine her.� &quot;Do my looks offend you, little
Jana?� Well you may thank your Yankee
devil-masters for that.&quot;� He moved
closer.� &quot;They think that I died in
the fire when our vehicles were attacked by their marines but I survived, Allah
be praised.� You also survived.� Badly wounded as I was, I watched them take
you away in the helicopter.� Yet now
Allah has delivered you into my hands a second time.� And I think I know why.�� Sharazai cruelly smiled at the quivering girl
and raised his voice.� &quot;In His
infinite wisdom, the Most Merciful One wishes me to cleanse away all fleshly
temptations so your whore's tricks and vile heresies can no longer deceive the
faithful.&quot;

&nbsp;

Guljana
whimpered through the knotted gag in her mouth.�


&nbsp;

Zia's
mother came over and kicked her bare leg.�
&quot;She is a witch, Sharazai, the daughter of a witch and a Soviet
devil, from a long line of witches.� You
heard her grandfather confess before he died from your questioning.� Her family secretly worshipped a heathen
Goddess and she is a priestess of Isis!�
Allowing her to live is like cursing the Holy Prophet!� Look at her - she is shamelessly adorned and
marked like a houri but she is unmarried.�
Filthy WHORE!&quot;� She pulled a
savage knife from under her burqa.�
&quot;Let me kill her for you, Sharazai, to keep your hands pure of
Shaitan's blood!&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;You
will NOT, woman!&quot;� Sharazai sent her
sprawling with his fist.� &quot;It is the
law of Sharia that an adulteress and a heretic shall be flogged then stoned to
death but I will not permit it for this girl.&quot;� Guljana sobbed in relief.� A stoning was such a slow, cruel way to
die.� He began to stroke her long, blonde
hair.� &quot;Gather wood.� Set a stake in the courtyard.� If she truly belongs to Shaitan then we shall
send her to the flames of hell through the cleansing fire, like that Yankee
pilot-whore they sent to spy on us!&quot;�
His captive shrieked in horror at the death sentence.� Sharazai stroked her trembling cheek
&quot;Heat the irons.� We must make sure
she cannot breed more of Shaitan's legions to torment the faithful before she is
sent back to hell.

&nbsp;

&quot;But
first,&quot; he murmured so only Guljana could hear, &quot;you will spend a
last few pleasant hours alone with me.�
After all, we have so much to discuss, don't we, girl?&quot;














HARVEST OF TEARS

 
  default
   jim
  2
  13
  2007-02-23T00:33:00Z
  2007-02-23T00:33:00Z
  1
  3689
  21030
  175
  49
  24670
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  Clean
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








HARVEST OF TEARS

&nbsp;

CHAPTER 14

&nbsp;

By slave ruthie

&nbsp;

Master Charles slowly
replaced the receiver but kept his hand on the phone.� He paused for a moment before looking across
the desk at Guy.� &quot;It appears that a
container ship operated by the Solntsevskaya was taking our Senator's daughter
to Yasov.� Apparently, it was scuttled
off the northern Japanese coast by the Yakuza and they are holding the
girl.� It seems that the dispute between
the Japanese and Russians over the quality of recent cocaine shipments is escalating
out of control - snatching the girl is obviously intended to provoke and
embarrass the major.&quot;� 

&nbsp;

Guy waited patiently
for the Organization's Head of Security to continue but he could guess what was
coming next.

&nbsp;

&quot;I need to go to
Kobe.� Oleg has asked me to intervene
before matters deteriorate into an all-out gang war.� The Kumicho is old and his potential
successor is a headstrong, rather ruthless young man.� Guy, I need to ask a very big favor of
you.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Alexa - you want
me to keep an eye on her.&quot;

&nbsp;

Master Charles
nodded.� &quot;She cannot come with
me.� It is too risky.� Ideally, she should be taken back to the
Ranch or the Center.&quot;

&nbsp;

Guy raised an
eyebrow.� &quot;But?&quot; 

&nbsp;

&quot;But Don Marco
told me yesterday how happy Rosario appeared whenever Alexa was present.� He has been worried about his granddaughter
since she killed her fianc� after discovering the affair between him and that
attorney.� Don Marco confided that even
he was shocked by what Rosario had done to the other woman - she had her slowly
vivisected and fed alive to the pigs at the Family's upstate farm where they
dispose of the ruined hookers and other unwanted garbage.&quot;��� 

&nbsp;

Guy frowned but kept
silent.� The Family's method of cleaning
up was well known but systematically cutting pieces off a woman and making her
watch while animals ate her flesh was pretty extreme stuff, even for him.�� 

&nbsp;

Alexa's master
continued.� &quot;Apparently, Rosario has
been increasingly withdrawn over the last few months.� He was about to suggest therapy - until she
became interested in my slave.� Don Marco
deliberately made Rosario my Alexa's ward because he felt it would be good for
her.&quot;� He sighed.� &quot;I will have to leave her here under
your supervision but if Alexa puts a foot wrong or shows any aggression, you
must kill her immediately on my authority.�
She is still under a suspended death sentence, remember.&quot;� He could see from the man's expression his
explanation was not enough.� He would
have to trust the man.� &quot;Okay, this
goes no further - I need your absolute guarantee of silence about what I am
about to say. &quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Look sir, I owe
you my life.� If you hadn't taken out
that sniper in Honduras I would've bled to death while he kept me pinned
down.� So take it as read - you can count
on me.&quot;� Guy took out a cigarette
but made no effort to light it.� He knew
Master Charles hated the smell of tobacco smoke.

&nbsp;

&quot;Do you remember
the Roslyn Institute's experimental slave breeding program?&quot;

&nbsp;

Guy shifted
uncomfortably.� &quot;Yeah - I was one of
the cleaners when the program was closed down. �It still gives me the creeps what we had to do
- eliminating those cute little blonde, blue-eyed girls was one of the hardest
contracts I ever faced, sir.&quot;� He
looked puzzled.� &quot;But what's this
got to do with your Alexa?� She's not
related to...no!� No way - she CAN'T be a
Roslyn girl.� Begging your pardon, sir,
but Alexa doesn't look...like them.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;You mean she is
not pretty enough.� And no, you have not
offended me.� Alexa is not blessed with a
good figure or exceptional looks but she is much more than 'collar candy' as
far as I am concerned.� The conventional
ideas of what makes a woman beautiful have never satisfied me.� Alexa has a highly attractive personality
that more than makes up for her defects in the looks department.� Returning to your questions, I have documents
that suggest she is an accidental by-product of the program - an unforeseen
twin that was never traced so escaped being destroyed.� She did not inherit the physical
characteristics of a Roslyn clone but if she has any of their behavioral
defects, Alexa would be too dangerous to keep alive.� This is a damned mess!&quot;� Guy was staring down at the unlit
cigarette.� &quot;So you'll keep a close
watch on Alexa?� And not a word of this
to a soul, not even G�rard, okay?&quot;�
The man nodded.�� 

Master Charles sighed
then smiled to himself.� &quot;Who would
have thought it?�

&nbsp;

&quot;Pardon,
sir?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;I used to think
that a master who worries about his slaves' feelings is weak and lacks proper
control.� Yet here I am, wondering about
the best way to tell Alexa she has to stay with you here at Rosario's
home.&quot;� He looked at Guy's grinning
face.� &quot;Oh for God's sake man, open
the window and light your damn cigarette!�
I might even join you, if you have a spare.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;I wouldn't
recommend it, sir.� Been trying to quit
for ages.&quot;

&nbsp;

*****

&nbsp;

Sitting astride the
bidet, Alexa held herself open and let the gentle fountain of warm water play
inside her labia.� Her thoughts wandered
while she enjoyed the soothing and mildly stimulating flow dancing at the mouth
of her vagina.� For some reason, she
remembered the old woman who aimlessly wandered around the streets of the
London borough that had been here home after leaving care.� Would the homeless woman still be alive?� Alexa hoped she had found refuge or at least
a hot meal at the drop-in center that Master Stephen had supported so
generously as her 'slave price'. 

&nbsp;

Alexa was so absorbed
in her thoughts that she had not heard the door being pushed open.� &quot;Now I know why women take so long in
the bathroom!&quot;� In her hurry to get
off the bidet and kneel for her grinning master, she managed to slip on the wet
tiles and ended up on her back with her legs apart, giving him an excellent
view between her thighs.� &quot;Very
nice, slave but I should not need to inspect you for cleanliness.&quot;� He snapped his fingers and made the sign for
her to 'kneel and attend'.� &quot;Back
straighter - palm flat on each buttock.�
Good girl.&quot;� Master Charles
tucked a stray lock of his slave's hair behind her right ear.� &quot;Listen carefully.� I have to leave for a few days.� No, do not look like that.� You will remain here under Guy's
supervision.� If you are told to do
anything by Master G�rard or Rosario, you will obey them unless Guy says
otherwise.� I will return here for
you.&quot;� He took out his handkerchief
and handed it to the quietly weeping girl.�
&quot;Dry your tears, slave.� It
is only for a few days at most.&quot;�
When she tried to hand the monogrammed cotton square back, he smiled and
shook his head.� &quot;Keep it in your
cage until I return.&quot;� 

&nbsp;

She held on until her
master's limousine drove away, leaving her kneeling at Guy's side in the
vaulted entrance to Rosario's mansion.�
As the vehicle disappeared from view, Alexa sank forwards onto her
hands, ignoring the tension on her lead to cry her heart out on the marble
floor.� 

&nbsp;

Guy waited while the
little slave at his feet shook, her body racked by uncontrollable sobbing.� But no wails echoed around the
vestibule.� Instead, a muffled croaking
sound was all Alexa could manage.� After
a few minutes, he gently tugged on the leash.�
&quot;Right, kid.� You can mope
until your master gets back or you can make sure he enjoys the best welcome a
slave can give her owner on his return.&quot;�


&nbsp;

Startled out of her
misery, Alexa looked up into Guy's face.�
He smiled and ruffled her hair.�
&quot;Yeah, THAT got your attention, kid.� Let's go find Rosario.� I want her in on this.&quot; 

&nbsp;

As they walked towards
the gym, Alexa summoned enough courage to ask Guy a question that had puzzled
her since her dear sister-slave Guljana had told her how much she liked and
admired the man.� In her husky, weak
voice, she whispered, &quot;Please, Guy, umm...why aren't you a master?� Me and Guli think you'd be
g-great.&quot;� Then her nerve failed and
she covered her mouth in shame for being so outspoken.

&nbsp;

&quot;Been offered a
Master's Ring twice and I don't reckon to be invited a third time.� Hell, what would I do with a personal
slave?� She could never be like my
Billie-Jean, anyhow.&quot;� 

&nbsp;

It was only then that
Alexa realized he had a wedding ring on his finger.� Guy was married?� But he was a professional killer and a senior
guard in the Organization - was she dead?�


&nbsp;

He followed her
gaze.� &quot;She left me while I was
inside, kid.&quot;� He shrugged and
grinned ruefully.� &quot;Still wear it
for sentimental reasons.� You and Guljana
are good girls - thanks for the vote of confidence.� Now let's find the Doc and your
Rosario.&quot;

&nbsp;

Alexa knelt at Guy's
side and listened with growing excitement to his words.� Guy had suggested using the time while Master
Charles was away to prepare herself as best as possible for his return.� &quot;So if its okay with you, I want to put
this kid through a whole load of slave training and maybe, ma'am, you could
help with organizing some kind of beauty stuff to make her look real nice for
when her master gets back - you know, womanly things like getting her hair
fixed up real pretty.&quot; 

&nbsp;

Rosario's face broke
into a broad smile.� &quot;Oh, I think we
can do much better than that.�
Alfonso?&quot;� The Italian
inclined his head.� &quot;I fancy some
late night shopping - Macy's is as good a place to begin with as any.� Arrange it for this evening.� A private viewing - Alexa and I shall have
the store to ourselves.&quot;

&nbsp;

Guy rubbed the end of
his nose.� &quot;Meaning no disrespect,
ma'am, that's not what I meant.� Alexa is
only a slave and her master gave me orders to keep her secured at all
times.� She can't go out in public.&quot;

&nbsp;

Rosario glared at him
and bit back,�� &quot;Alexa may be 'only
a slave' to you but here she is a highly valued member of the Family.� She is my ward and my friend.&quot;� The frown vanished and Rosario smiled once
more but with less warmth than before.�
&quot;Besides, you surely know how beneficial a spell of retail therapy
can be to any woman.� Why, with her
wealth in trust, she could practically buy the entire contents of that
department store with her loose change!&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Ma'am, she can't
be seen in public.� Alexa has to be
chained all the time and I reckon her master wouldn't let her go neither.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Then you might
as well take her back to your Organization's kennels right away because I am
NOT going to be told what to do by a GUEST!��
She paused, relishing their stunned silence, then continued in a
controlled but menacing tone.� &quot;I do
not like to be disappointed, do I Alfonso?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Non,
Padrona.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;And if you
obstruct me in looking after my ward's best interests I will be VERY
disappointed...and the Family will have been insulted by your
Organization.� Capische, Guy?&quot;� 

&nbsp;

Guy looked at G�rard
for support but found none.� Why was the
doctor so meek in the presence of their hostess?� &quot;Well, if you put it like that...&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;I like a man who
sees sense and quits when he knows he's not going to change a woman's mind -
don't you agree, G�rard dear?&quot;

&nbsp;

She neither received
nor required a reply.

&nbsp;

*****

&nbsp;

&quot;Nothing, Mister
Senator - not a trace.&quot;� This was
one of the worst days in General S_____'s long career.� &quot;The burnt-out Hummer only had one body
inside and the dog tags indicate it was the charred remains of Sergeant
Gomez.� The medics say his hands and feet
were tied with wire and he was still alive when they torched the vehicle.� Filthy animals!&quot;

&nbsp;

The Senator felt sick
with fear and with his own stupidity.�
How could he have been so foolish?�
His beautiful slave-jewel was missing in one of the worst parts of
Afghanistan.� It was obvious that the
military were useless in tracking her down.�
&quot;I'm going to see K_____.�
The man comes from this province so he must know people who can
help.&quot;� Before he left for the Presidential
Palace, he barked at the general.�
&quot;Keep looking - do anything necessary to find my assistant.� She is extremely important!&quot; 

&nbsp;

*****

&nbsp;

Breathing was
painful.� As she slowly regained
consciousness, Caitlin discovered that every part of her body was also
painful.� She slowly moved her arms and
legs - her ankles were still in cuffs and chains.� She tried to pull her manacled arms down her
back but the chain to her collar stopped her, as usual.� But she was not back on the hard floor in a
cell.� The surface she was lying on felt
soft and silky.� She realized she was on
a large bed...and she was not alone.� 

&nbsp;

&quot;You try you make
die again, you get wish but we make very much slow and bad so you beg for quick
end.&quot;� It was her abuser from the
mirrored torture chamber.

&nbsp;

He was climbing on top
of her, using his knees to lever her thighs apart.� &quot;Bastard - get OFF me!&quot;� Caitlin struggled but his hands were pulling
her up at the hips, forcing her backside towards his groin.� &quot;Stop!�
OWWW!!!�� The blunt tip of his
penis rammed past her labia to thrust inside her vagina.� 

&nbsp;

With one hand under
her belly to keep her raised up, he traced a finger of his free hand along the
ornate scar tissue that adorned her back.�
He had stopped fucking her but remained deep inside her cunt.� &quot;You hate me much still?&quot;

&nbsp;

Caitlin snorted in
disbelief and wiped her eyes on the silk sheet.�
&quot;I DESPISE you, y-you BASTARD.�
Is this the only way you can get a woman - by keeping her captive and in
chains?� You're a pathetic coward!&quot;

&nbsp;

He laughed and she
felt him stiffen inside her body.�
&quot;You insult me very good!� I
want you keep hate me all-time, Kaya-ti-rin.&quot;� 

&nbsp;

&quot;It's 'Caitlin'
with an 'L', you bastard.�� His erection
went rock hard.

&nbsp;

&quot;See how much I
like you be inso-lent?� You rude American
bitch - no respect, no manners.� Ah but I
not say you my name!� Pardon!� I rude too - my name Kazuo Takumi, I
wakagashira-hosa of Yamaguchi-gumi Yakuza.�
See?� I am polite - not like you,
Yankee BITCH!&quot;� He leaned forward,
hooked a finger through the ring on the back of her collar and pulled her head
up, making her choke.� &quot;You learn
obey me fast or you die much slow, much lot of pain.&quot;� He let go of her collar, withdrew from her
vagina, and moved to sit above her head.�
She watched him open a red leather box he picked up from a bedside
table.� Several steel instruments were
neatly arranged within.� He lifted out
the first object that looked like two pairs of bent forceps joined at the
tips.� &quot;This for keep mouth open
wide.&quot;� The next item had
razor-sharp spikes that were horribly familiar.�
&quot;This for hold tongue and pull out of mouth - you know this,
yes?&quot;� The last object looked like
curved garden scissors.� &quot;This for
good cut deep down at back of mouth!&quot;

&nbsp;

Caitlin trembled.� She knew what he was threatening and had
experienced similar torture instruments when they had pierced her inside her
mouth!� &quot;Please,&quot; she whispered,
&quot;n-not that - not my...&quot;

&nbsp;

Opening his legs, he
beckoned towards his engorged phallus.�
&quot;So! Now you suck proper-ly deep all way, you drink all and clean
after.� If you make perfect blowjob, you
get keep tongue.� If not...� He picked up
the cutting instrument, pinched the satin sheet and snipped through the
valuable fabric.

&nbsp;

Caitlin was filled
with revulsion.� She'd hated the whole
idea of using her mouth to satisfy a man ever since her prom when her date, a
quarterback, had taken his penis out and finally persuaded her to kiss the
end.� He had ejaculated immediately even
as her mouth brushed the tip.� It was
disgusting - in her hair, running down her cheek, and staining her black prom
dress.� The boy had laughed and jeered at
her shocked revulsion...until her long fingernails dug into his softening
flesh.� That had changed his tune!

&nbsp;

But now she was at
risk of losing her tongue, possibly even her life, unless she expertly fellated
this horrible man who had orchestrated the rapes, tortures, and mutilations
since she was seized from the Russian ship.�
Caitlin looked up at the waiting man's cock.� &quot;Please,&quot; she whispered in despair,
&quot;I don't know how to do it properly!&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;So now you learn
fast.� Maybe I tell you how or maybe I
let you fail.&quot;� He pointed at his
cock.� &quot;You start NOW.&quot;

&nbsp;

Caitlin struggled
higher up the bed towards the apex of his thighs.� His penis looked so huge, glistening at the
broad tip.� She could see distended veins
slightly pulsing along the shaft.� It was
disgusting!� Since her abduction, she had
been made to endure oral rape many times but her mouth had been forced open
with rings on straps and there was nothing she could do to stop them.� This was different.� This time SHE had to pleasure her sadistic
captor and bring him off inside her mouth.�
Oddly, the prospect of swallowing his semen did not distress her - the
first time a man had emptied his seed between her lips, she had found it slimy
but the taste was not so bad...like an oyster but less salty.� No, it was having to 'give head' without
being forced.� Caitlin took strange
comfort in the fact that he had threatened to cut out her tongue if she did not
do what he wanted.� She was acting under
duress - that was a good defense in court.�
She moved closer, struggled up and parted her lips to envelop his penis
but he smacked her on the top of her head.

&nbsp;

&quot;No-no, too
quick.� You kiss balls first, you lick
slow, take time.&quot;� He pushed her
down and leaned back.� Caitlin choked
back a sob and did as she was told. 

&nbsp;

*****

&nbsp;

Flying in the
helicopter from Rosario's mansion to Manhattan was an absolute nightmare for
Alexa.� Wearing some baggy clothes
salvaged before all of Maria's possessions were incinerated in the basement,
she had been unfettered except for her collar, which was hidden under a
high-neck sweater.� Alexa had then been
strapped into a seat squeezed between Guy and Alfonso.� Lifting off from the ground was frightening
enough but hovering so high above the towering buildings illuminated against
the darkening sky was a dreadful torment.�
Alexa fought unsuccessfully against memories of spinning and dangling
off the Organization's tower, of Miller's desperate, clawing hands before he
slid down and finally fell to his death.�
She felt dizzy.� She felt
sick.� They were going to crash!� She would fall out into the night air,
plummeting towards the ground...and death!

&nbsp;

Alexa kept her eyes
tightly squeezed shut to help contain her terror.� The noise was tremendous, even with the
headphones covering her ears.� She groped
in self-imposed blindness until her fingers found what she sought in Guy's
strong arm.� He gripped her reassuringly
in the comforting way a slave should be held - never by the hand, always firmly
around the wrist.

&nbsp;

&quot;C'mon, kid.� It's over - we've landed.&quot;� Guy released the safety harness and helped
her out onto the helipad.� Hearing the
distant howl of police car sirens, Alexa made the mistake of opening her
eyes.� They weren't on the ground - they
were high up on a ROOF!� Her legs buckled
and she sagged down in shock. 

&nbsp;

Rosario watched her
little friend being carried to the elevator by the Organization's chief
assassin.� Alexa had her arms wrapped
tightly about Guy's body and had buried her face in the side of his neck.� &quot;She is so emotional all the time,&quot;
Rosario commented to her companion.�
&quot;Is Alexa mentally unstable?&quot;

&nbsp;

G�rard smiled.� &quot;Non.�
P�tite Alexa is one of the toughest slaves I have known for coping with
extreme stress.� Considering what she has
been through, she is remarkably sane!�
No, it is merely a side-effect of her HET.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Explain this
'HET' business.&quot;� It was not a
question.� Rosario expected a full
answer.

&nbsp;

&quot;Alexa was
sterilized after being enslaved.� Her
ovaries were surgically removed, taking all the usual female hormones with
them.� Without supplements she would
experience premature menopause.&quot;�
Rosario's expression was unreadable but G�rard sensed she was not
pleased by his words.� &quot;She has a
subcutaneous slow-release gel strip that you can just feel if you press firmly
down on her upper left arm.� It supplies
the exact balance of hormones and, ahh, some additional stimulants to keep her
aroused and at the peak of her sexual cycle - permanently 'in heat' if you
wish.� I recommend you have the same
procedure done to Maria.� The result is a
pliant, highly, ahh, responsive slave.&quot;

&nbsp;

Rosario's voice
remained calm.� &quot;And did you store
the eggs?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Pardon?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Her eggs -
Alexa's ova.� Were they frozen?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;No, they would
be incinerated as surgical waste.� Why do
you ask, Rosario?&quot;

&nbsp;

Rosario watched her
little friend being reassured by Guy and her own man, Alfonso.� &quot;Never mind, it does not matter
now.� Come on.&quot;� But it did matter.� Her ward had been stripped of any chance of
motherhood and turned into a living sex doll.�
Rosario was troubled by the cold fury in her heart - why did she care so
much about what had been done to the girl?�


&nbsp;

A calmer Alexa stood
in the center of the colorful displays and gaped in awe at the beautiful
clothes and accessories.� She had only
once dared to look in one of the stores on Oxford Street but had been stopped
by Security, frisked for stolen goods, and then marched out of a back entrance,
as their products were 'not for the likes of your kind'.� And now she was in a fabulous department with
exclusive access!

&nbsp;

Rosario gently touched
her ward's shoulder. �&quot;Well, little
Alexa - what would you like to try on first?�
What would your master like?&quot;�


&nbsp;

&quot;Please,
Rosar...umm, Padrona - I don't know.&quot;�
Alexa gritted her teeth and fought down the emotional turmoil that
threatened to overwhelm everything.� What
would Master Charles have chosen?� She
could almost hear his voice...'A slave in clothing is like a gift begging to be
unwrapped'.� Yes, that is it.� &quot;Umm, do they have any red leather
dresses please?&quot;

&nbsp;

Rosario threw back her
head and roared with laughter.� &quot;I very
much doubt Macy's will stretch to that!&quot;�
She grinned.� &quot;Alfonso, you
know that fetish boutique in Queens?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Si,
Padrona.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Bene.� Find the owner - wake her up if
necessary.� We will be there in about an
hour to look over her entire stock.� If
Alexa's master enjoys Fetish Couture, we will oblige him!� In the meantime, however, I will help Alexa
select a few essential items from the lingerie department.&quot; 

&nbsp;

*****

&nbsp;

&quot;Remember this,
my little Guli?� You are still tight,
like a young boy.&quot;

&nbsp;

Guljana screamed in
agony into the filthy, knotted rope that had been forced into her mouth.� Sharazai laughed and pushed his erection
deeper between his pretty victim's firm buttocks.� She was hanging off the ground by her wrists
from a wooden beam.� It pulled up the girl's
breasts nicely.� Her ankles and knees
were tightly tied to keep her from thrashing her legs around.� The boulder suspended from her feet helped
keep her soft backside as taut as possible.�
Such a pity she had to die.� 

&nbsp;

He reached around to
play with the ring through the flesh of Guljana's sex.� It intrigued him that the Americans let their
females retain their little penises.� How
did they keep them faithful and dutiful?�
Did they not realize that it was through a woman's sexual parts that
Shaitan corrupted her inferior mind and feeble body?� He pulled the little ring harder, enjoying
the muted shrieks from the girl.� Perhaps
this was how the Americans kept their females loyal - by pain to their
sensitive parts.� Maybe these infidels
were not as uncivilized as he had thought!�


&nbsp;

The moment had
arrived.� This would be the last time
Sharazai emptied himself into the sweet, struggling body of the half-breed
girl.� Soon, a red-hot poker would
replace his stiff cock.� It would ensure
the she-devil could never again tempt another man away from righteousness, even
if she escaped from the torments of hell.�
His rough hands slid up her belly to cup then cruelly squeeze her
pierced breasts as a final sigh of orgasmic pleasure escaped his lips.� &quot;Ahh...you could have borne me sons, my
little Guli.� But my duty to Allah is
clear.� Perhaps I will cleanse myself of
you by destroying your beautiful body.&quot;

&nbsp;

He withdrew, selected
a heavy whip from the rack and walked around her trembling form, carefully
selecting where the first lash should strike.�
&quot;Such a pity...&quot;� 

&nbsp;

CRACK!!!

&nbsp;

&quot;Uhhhnnn!&quot;� A crimson arc of pain erupted across
Guljana's back.

&nbsp;

WHACK!!!

&nbsp;

&quot;UUHHNN!
PLSS!&quot;� Another red line appeared
below the first one.

&nbsp;

CRACK!!!

&nbsp;

&quot;NNNNN!
STPPP!&quot;� Guljana's squeals of pain
became more urgent as fiery weals cut into both her buttocks.

&nbsp;

&quot;Ahh, my little
Guli, I cannot stop.� I must do this to
save my soul from eternal hell.&quot;�
Sharazai moved around and drew back his arm, aiming the next strike
across her soft, inviting breasts.� 

&nbsp;

As more blows from the
whip fell across her belly and thighs, Guljana's shrieks grew higher and
wilder.� Her brutal attacker was
muttering verses from the Qu'ran while he systematically lashed her agonized
flesh.� Her hands and feet were numb from
the ropes around her wrists and ankles.�
She bit onto the hemp knot that partially filled her mouth and prayed
that she would soon lose consciousness.







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  slave ruthie


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





