BDSM Library - Collared On Line




Collared On Line
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Vulnerable housewife gets suckered into slavery, initially online, then in real life.
Collared on Line

Laying here naked and helpless, slipping in and out of consciousness, hands tied
to each end of the make shift cross, legs spread and  tied at my ankles, my body
wracked with pain, soaked in sweat. During these spells of semi consciousness I
tried to remember what my  life had been like, before the pain, before the
humiliation.

Only with each time the pain surged through my body, did I pull myself awake. I
don't think I felt the pain any more, my body had  closed itself down. My mind
trying to not feel, not recognise the acute burning.

How much more, before I would just lose consciousness altogether and never wake,
I hoped it would be soon.

>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>




As I sat in the bathroom looking at the pregnancy test once again saying
negative, my heart fell.

John and I so longed for children but after 12 yrs of marriage we had failed. Oh
we have been to see doctors, paid heaps of money for  IVF but, to no avail. Now
this was my last chance to have our child, and the test showed the same results
as it has done over the last  8 yrs or so. How do I break this to John, more bad
news more disappointment. We have had so many tests done over the years only  to
be told it's neither of us, let nature take its course. Yeah well that's all
fair and good, I'll sit back let nature takes its course while I  watch all my
friends have children. And then the tears started to fall.

I worked from home doing Johns accounts and paper work for his carpentry
business; we worked well as a team, but then always  this time of the month got
to us. Once we decided enough was enough, and when it was my due date, we would
go away for the  weekend, stop us thinking about what could have been. But that
didn't last long because deep down both of us knew what the other  was thinking,
Oh we put on a good face to each other but we knew. So the years went by, we
worked hard had nice vacations, but  always at the back of our minds was the
sadness, the emptiness of not having children, we did think at one time about
adoption, but it  wasn't for us, we wanted a child of our own.

So how did I get myself involved with these people, these cruel, sadistic
excuses for human beings.

One day I was doing some last minute work for John on the PC, when I saw an
advertisement about people with fertility problems. I  copied down the @ meaning
to take a look after I had finished this work. How ever it wasn't until the next
day that I remembered  about it.

I got myself a coffee and sat down I switched on the pc, went on line and put in
a search for the @. But what came up wasn't  anything to do with fertility
problems, I had come across a 3d chat room called Apollo I had never shown any
interest in this stuff  before, in fact I used to laugh at people when I read
about chat rooms. As soon as I logged in I had people saying hi to me, so I 
thought I would see what was going on. I said hi back.

Pretty soon I was talking away with a guy called Zeon, I found myself blurting
out all my troubles to him.

He so understood, it was as if he had been through this himself. He understood
my frustration, my hurt all of it, he was so  easy to talk to. Then I noticed
the time, jeez I had been talking to Zeon for 4 hrs, I said to him I had to go
and get my husbands dinner  on and he made me promise I would come back and chat
to him again.

Over dinner that night my mind kept going back to Zeon and how he seemed to make
me feel so at ease, at one point John asked me  if I was ok, as I seemed a
little distracted, I assured him I was.

Next morning I couldn't wait to get breakfast dishes over with, and see if Zeon
was on line. I got my coffee and sat down once  again at the pc. I logged into
the 3d world and was greeted like an old friend, but no Zeon, I was so
disappointed, I was just about to  leave when I saw Zeon log in. He immediately
typed hi to me and apologised for being late, I felt my self blush, how stupid
this is a  guy on pc and here was I blushing like a schoolgirl. The next few
hours passed so quickly, Zeon and I talked about everything I had  go shopping
but I didn't want to leave the conversation I was having, so I said to myself a
few minutes more. The few minutes turned  into a few hours, all of a sudden I
heard Johns key in the door, I thought shit I have been on here for 9 hours
talking to Zeon. I  quickly said I had to go and switched off the pc, and jumped
into bed. I pretended to be sick; John came upstairs saw me in bed and was so 
concerned. I said I must have a bug or something and that I had slept most of
the day. He was so caring he brought me up some tea  and toast, which I ate
hungrily seeing as I hadn't eaten all day.

John said to me after I had finished my tea that did I mind if he went out, he
had to see a possible client. I jumped at the chance for  John to go out, my
mind was racing. As soon as he was out the door I switched on the pc and logged
into the chat. Once again, I was  welcomed by everyone, I saw Zeon's name but he
didn't talk to me. I asked some of the people there where he was, but no one 
seemed to know. Now I felt so sad, if his name is there why isn't he talking to
me, what did I do wrong, I tried to recount our  conversation that day, but
nothing sprang to mind. I sat and watched the screen, willing Zeon to come chat.
An hour must have  passed, when suddenly Zeon was chatting on screen, I quickly
said hi to him, and asked how he was, but he seemed strange this  evening, only
answering me with hi and that he was fine. I didn't understand this at all. I
sat and sat, but he didn't speak to me in fact  he didn't speak on screen hardly
at all. I was confused. I said goodbye on screen and switched off the computer.
I went back to bed,  John came home soon afterwards asked how I was, and he got
into bed, that night sleep wouldn't come to me my mind was speeding  I was
asking myself so many questions, what had I done wrong, why didn't Zeon talk to
me? Soon I could hear the birds out side, I  hadn't slept all night.

I got up and made John some breakfast, he looked at me and said I still looked
unwell, and he ordered me back to bed, although I  assured him I fine he said if
I wasn't any better that evening he would call a doctor.

I lay on my bed looking at the computer, will I wont I. To hell with it I
thought I'm going in and if Zeon is there I am going to ask  Him what I have
done wrong.

I waited anxiously for the site to up load, and as soon as I logged in there was
Zeon, all apologies for not spending time with me last  night, saying that he
didn't know I would be back, and that he was so very sorry. I explained to him
that I thought I had dome  something to upset him, but he just laughed, said it
was his fault. So all that out of the way we chatted for hours, I felt so
relieved. The time flew in, and before I knew it, it was time for John to be
coming home, I once again said good bye to Zeon, and this time he  gave me a
kiss, I felt so nice when he did that. So I sent him one back, my face was so
red, how could I be embarrassed it was a  computer for goodness sake. Little did
I know then that I was being reeled in like a fish?

>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>

>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>

Over the next few weeks my life changed from being a good attentive wife to some
one even I didn't recognise, every waking  moment was spent talking to Zeon on
the pc, he was the only one who understood how I felt, John didn't, Zeon told me
as much, my  family didn't Zeon pointed that out to me as well, what would I do
without Zeon I though he made sense to me in a world that didn't.

John would come home I was on the computer, no housework done, his paper work un
finished, we argued all the time, he said the  computer was splitting us up. In
my mind all I wanted was for him to leave me alone, not to talk to me, in fact
if he left me it would  be all the better. Zeon told me its no use being in a
relationship where u feel un wanted and suffocated, well I felt that right now,
John  always on my back telling me what to do, he didn't love me, he didn't want
me. Zeon was right.

The next time I spoke to Zeon I told him I was going to ask John to leave, I
couldn't stand him being near me, I couldn't stand him in  the house anymore, he
interrupted my life. Zeon was all concerned for me was I doing the right thing,
was this what I wanted, I  assured Zeon I had never wanted something so much in
my life, I thought to myself and with John out the way, I could spend as  much
time on the pc as I wanted.

That night when John came home, we had a blazing argument, perfect I thought. I
shouted to him to get out, that I didn't love him  and that I didn't want him in
the house. If I had been anything other than selfish at that time, I would have
seen the hurt in Johns face,  and the tears start to rise in his eyes. But I
only saw what I wanted to see, some one who didn't care and didn't want me.

John went upstairs and packed some things, he made to kiss me on the cheek but I
moved away. I heard him go down stairs and the  door close. Yes I thought to
myself, I'm free to do as I wish. And immediately switched on the pc.

Where was Zeon though, once again I asked for him but no one knew, I sat and
watched the chat on screen, I didn't know these  people I couldn't follow the
conversation, I had only spoken to Zeon, I tried to join in but it seemed that
the people who welcomed me  with open arms now didn't want to talk to me. I
could feel the tears well up in my eyes, I so wanted to tell Zeon my news, but
he  wasn't here, where was he?

Then my eyes light up as I saw his name log on, my heart was beating so hard I
thought it would burst, I said hi to him and he replied  that he was doing some
mail and that he would join me as soon as possible, I wasn't bothered he could
take as long as he wanted as  long as I knew he would be back soon. I went
downstairs to make some coffee and   when I came back up and looked at the
screen  there was no Zeon, he had gone! He had left me without saying goodbye; I
checked my mail, nothing. My heart felt like it would  break, why did he leave,
why didn't he say good-bye. I asked on screen if he has left nay message for me,
but no one answered.

I switched of the pc and crawled into bed, knowing I wouldn't sleep, knowing I
had done something to upset him, but not knowing  what.

I tossed and turned in my bed, I couldn't sleep, it evaded me. I got up and
wondered round the house, not doing anything in particular  just walking around
in a daze, all kind of questions going through my mind.

I opened the liquor cabinet and brought out a bottle of gin, I wasn't a drinker
really but I needed to sleep, I said to myself ill have one  drink and go to
bed, but before I knew it I had emptied half the bottle, I looked at the pc, I
was drunk I knew I was drunk but I  needed to talk to Zeon. I switched on,
logged on and there he was, very quickly I apologised to him for what ever I had
done, my  spelling was terrible because of the alcohol, and he spoke to me
briefly, told me to go to bed and that he would deal with me in the  morning!. I
must have said sorry a thousand times, but I didn't care now he spoke to me I
was happy. I said goodnight and switched  off.. Happy I climbed into bed and
slept all night, probably for the first time in weeks, oh I was so happy Zeon
had spoken to me.


Next morning I awoke with the biggest hangover in the world, I still felt drunk.
I went to the kitchen to make coffee, while my pc  switched on, returning with
the pot of coffee, I sat down and logged on.

Right away Zeon was there; he suggested we go to one of the other worlds,
because he wanted to chat in private without other people  here annoying him. I
agreed and we met in this other world, I hadn't been here before, it looked all
strange. Zeon immediately started  shouting at me, I tried to talk but he
wouldn't let me, so I sat there tears streaming down my eyes while he hurled
abuse at me and  called me for everything. I said sorry every two minutes, but
he was having none of it, he said at any time I could switch off my pc, if  I
wasn't happy with what he was saying. I told him I didn't want to switch of, I
said I wanted to be nice to him, if only he would tell  me what I did wrong I
could fix it. He went silent for the longest time, I was afraid to speak lest it
would be the wrong thing to say  and he started shouting at me again. So I sat
and sat.

Then he came back and said to me there was one way I could make amends, anything
I said anything tell me what can I do, I was  desperate I would do anything. He
asked me if I knew what Cyber sex was, I didn't and said as much to him, Zeon
went on to explain  it was like having real sex except it was using type, I
asked how could some one have sex using type, this baffled me. Zeon went on to 
say, you type what you feel, what you would do to the person, what you taste. He
said its just the same as real sex but more intense. He said, the point is that
we have mutual orgasms through cyber sex, your mind is free to do things you
would never possibly do in  real life. He sent me a link to click on, it was all
about how to perform Cyber sex on line, he had written it for Laraki, the world
he  wanted to take me to, the world where I would be his. He suggested I read
the material and decide if I could do this, he added that if I  felt that I
couldn't, then it would be better if I did not come back to the site.

I didn't need to read anything I would do anything how bad could typing sex be,
and these Laraki worlds of his what ever it was. I told  Zeon I didn't need to
read it that I would do anything for him, he was my friend and I trusted him, I
was desperate not to lose him.

He wasn't having any of it, "READ IT" I sat back in my chair with surprise that
he shouted like that, I said I would read it and asked  when should I let him
know my decision? He said in 2 days, 2 days without talking to him I couldn't do
that, but I had no choice. I printed off the reading material, and went to get
what was left of the gin and sat down to read this Cyber sex and Laraki
information. I read the first page, Rules of Laraki, how people are divided into
three different types of citizens. 1 Masters, 2 Free people, 3 Slaves. I was
intrigued as I read through the pages, how a slave should behave, who were
Masters who were Free People. I read on and on,  whether it was the gin or what
but I thought what the hell, I could always switch off if I wasn't happy, and
any way I wanted to be  with Zeon. Then I came to the page about Cyber Sex, it
said this included foreplay, and the sexual act itself, orgasm and the cooling
down  period.

I must have dozed off because next thing I knew it was 10 am, I went to switch
on, then realised I couldn't not till tomorrow like  Zeon said and I didn't want
to upset him even more.

What would I do? It had been weeks since I left the house, I decided to take a
shower, get dressed and go to the mall, buy something  nice. I imagined I was
buying something to wear especially for Zeon. I was so choosy, now what would he
like to see me in, black,  red or maybe white, yes white I think. I picked some
nice white panties with lace at the top and a bra to match. Then I saw the 
perfect dress, short but not trashy. With my purchases in hand I went to the
coffee shop, and ordered cafe latte and a donut, bought a  magazine and sat
down. I read and re read the magazine but reading nothing, because my mind was
filled with Zeon, soon I would  speak to him again, 17 hrs and I would be happy
once again.

Once back in my house I took out the stuff I had bought and laid them carefully
on the bed, I looked at the dress and the underwear  satisfied that when I told
Zeon tomorrow he would be pleased.
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>

>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>

"Do you think you will turn her Jamie"? Scot alias Leon asked "She will be easy
man, I have been reeling her in for weeks now, did you see how she reacted on
screen tonight, when I had her  beaten, man she is ripe for the picking,"
laughed Jamie alias Zeon

"How long before you get her down here then, it's about time we had some fresh
meat"?

"Soon bro, very soon " Jamie winked

"Think I'll fuck that slut Phyllis tonight, she got the tightest little ass"
Scot said as he got up to pour another drink.

" I am surprised that you still fuck that slut after Big John nearly killed her,
I wouldn't touch her if she was the only slut left in here"

Jamie loved to tease Scot about this, as Big John has a cock like a stallion,
and he fucked the slut and next time Scot fucked her he said it  was like
throwing a bowling ball and not hitting the sides, boy did he beat her bad for
that, so now if he fucks her its in the ass only or  she blows him.  He did how
ever tie her to the bench and forced a baseball bat up her, saying she wanted
big she got big, he left that  Baseball bat in her for hours.

" Fuck you Jamie," said Scott laughing as he pretended to throw a glass at
Jamie.

"So serious Jamie when you going to get it down here, long time since we had
some fresh"

"Ha ha ha little bro u getting a hard on already, I told ya soon" Jaime said as
he swallowed the last of his whiskey

"Any way better get going back on line maybe pass the slut around a bit today,
give her a sense of what she is, a nothing"

"Ok Jamie you cyber fuck I'll fuck for real hahahahahahahahaha "


>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>



I sat back on my chair wondering what had just happened, knowing deep inside
what I had agreed to and I kind of liked it, what would  be next though, I am a
grown woman and my head was in that pc, I truly believed I was being beaten, and
fucked .Oh but how I  wanted to have made love to Zeon in a more sensual way,
but if this was what he wanted then I would do it for him. I needed rest my body
was exhausted from the mental ordeal I had just been through, this night I
doubted I would need anything to  make me sleep.

But once again sleep wouldn't come to me, I am lucky if I slept for 1 or 2
hours, I went to make some coffee before I switched on, I  felt like a zombie,
but what kept me going was the thought that soon I would be with Zeon.

I watched as the pc came to life, the screen flickered before me, and once again
I was swept away to that other world, the world of  Zeon, the world where I
could escape.

I followed the ritual as I logged in put on the avatar for me; knelt down in
front of my Master and typed this slave was his to do with  as he pleased.

He, Zeon My Master, asked the room if any one wanted me, I typed; I wanted to
look up but I knew to do so would bring about the  most fear full of
punishments.

The Mistress Zena typed she wanted to have me pleasure her. "Lets see what this
slut can do for me"

"Ah ha" I saw my Master type,  "then you will not mind me observing"

The Mistress Zena typed that she laughed and nodded her head.

My mind was in turmoil, a woman, I was to have cyber sex with a woman, but how
could I, and I knew nothing of this.

And with that it was typed in that; I was dragged to one of the rooms at the
back which when occupied it is known why.

The Mistress sat on the seat pulled open her dress I saw she wore no under wear
as she opened her legs, I was pushed roughly into  a kneeling position by my
Master in front of the Mistress, I had to now imagine how I would feel what I
would see and smell and taste  I typed that I could smell her sex. "Come on the
slut get on with it" she shouted

My master whispered to me, "If you embarrass me Ill beat you, If you fuck this
up Ill beat you, hell I might even beat you for the  hell of it any way"

I had no idea what I was doing I had to think quickly, ok I am in this position
I have to do this to win Zeon's favour, I typed I knelt  further into to the
Mistress and my hands opened her pussy up my mouth went to it.

I could only do to her what I would want done to me.

I licked into her opening, and up to her clit, feeling it hard on my tongue, I
moved round it in tiny slow circles, and my tongue went  back into her slit
tasting her wetness, and when the Mistress typed, deeper slut tongue me deeper I
thought ok I am doing this right

so I continued typing with this licking and circling process.

Zeon typed, Suddenly the slave's head was wrenched up, what have I done wrong
the slut thinks " Now watch how it's really done," My Master typed.

And at this another girl came into play, she typed, 

and another slut is brought in to the room, she immediately kneels in front of
the Mistress, and her fingers part the Mistress pussy lips  and she inserts 2
fingers inside while she licks and sucks on her clit, moving her fingers in and
out slowly at first then quicker until the  Mistress lets out an almighty groan,
the girl licks, and continues licking until, her head was pulled back.

So that's how he wants me to type it, I thought, ok I'll surprise him so I typed  
I could see the cum on her face, as she went to rise up she was once again
pushed down this time in front  of me, facing me, " you know what to do slut" I
heard my Master say. And she kissed me full on the lips, pushing her  tongue
into me, My Master commanded me to lick the cum from this sluts face, I did so
immediately as I knew it would please him.

Zeon typed on screen that  I was to stay on my knees, and to follow my Him; he
took hold of my hair and pulled me along to the main  arena, there he locked me
in what was known as a four link, he described on screen that, that meant was my
hands were locked  through wooden pegs, as were my ankles, then the top half was
swung over, meaning I was bent over double.

And once again my Master had me beaten although not so severely, and when it was
over I had to thank him.

I was drenched in sweat, I was tired I hadn't slept properly for weeks, and now
I realised what I had done on the is pc, I had made  out with a woman, but if it
pleased Zeon, then I would not argue, I had to ask his permission to come off
line, sometimes I had to wait  an hour before he came back to say I could go,
this time however I had been waiting nearly 2 hours.

I was thirsty but I dare not move in case he spoke to me and I wasn't there.
When he did give me permission it was only to be told I  had to be back there in
4 hours.

I needed sleep, 4 hours I could have cried, but I knew better than to argue if I
wanted to keep him. I thanked him for being so kind   and I switched off.

Scared to sleep in case I didn't wake in time I made more coffee, strong coffee.




>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>


Pretty soon I drove towards the meeting point, I couldn't see anyone there, I
thought I had been stood  up. There was no one in sight, only a bunch of trees
and a few benches, I stopped the car and got out,  looking around, I saw no one.

My heart sunk, all this for nothing.

I went back to my car, looked at the address Zeon had given me, yes I was at the
right place, and it was  the right time.

I put my head down in the driver's wheel, really wanting to cry. I lit a
cigarette, and opened the  window.  Blowing the smoke I watched it disappear, I
threw the cigarette out, and as I did I saw  someone walking towards my car, my
heart leapt up into my throat, could this be him?

The man I saw wore jeans and a sweatshirt, he had a swagger like he owned the
road, his hair dark, as  he moved closer I noticed his hair was long and tied
back.

I got out of the car, what should I do? I just stood and waited as he came
nearer.

My whole body was shaking, as he approached me smiling, he held out his hand.

"Hi I'm Zeon, sorry if I am a bit late"

"Its OK " I stuttered,  " I only just got here myself"

"OK I'll drive us to where we are going, because I know these roads better" Zeon
stated matter of  factly.

We both got into the car, Zeon in the drivers seat, me next to him, it felt so
strange.

As we drove I wanted to ask questions like where are we going, but I didn't   I
just sat there quiet as a mouse, Zeon making small talk, like asking me how was
my drive down.

I thought to myself this isn't how I imagined it would be, I felt so flat.

Soon we turned into a long drive way, I could see a large house at the very
bottom  I said  " Wow Neon is that your house?"

Zeon laughed, he replied " Not just my house, I share it with a few others,
didn't I mention this to  you?"   I just shook my head, I was amazed at the size
of the place, it had huge gardens all around, and what  looked like an orchard
at the side, the house itself stood 3 storeys high, I was dumbstruck.

Zeon pulled the car into a garage at the back of the house, we got out and
entered through a side door.

I asked Zeon about my luggage, but he said it was ok he would send someone for
it shortly, but 1st he  wanted me to meet his friends.

We walked down a very long corridor, which was badly lit; I could hardly make
out the paintings on  the walls. H e was walking fast and I was almost running
to catch up with him. All at once we were in  front of, a huge pair of wooden
doors, I could hear laughter from inside, I guessed there must be a  party going
on. Zeon stopped and looked at me, he took off my jacket, and asked me to wait.

He went inside, I heard shouting men's voices, but I couldn't make out what was
being said. Then  Zeon came back out; he took my arm and led me into what looked
like a medieval banquet room, there  was a long table at the top, I reckon I
counted 8 men there, there was woman flitting all over the  place, carrying
trays with drinks and food on them.

Zeon stood me in the middle of the room, all eyes were on me, and I tried to
take in what was happening,  but my mind wouldn't or couldn't register it.

I looked over to my left, I saw a man a huge man standing as if he was guarding
the door he was in  front of, and to my right the same.

Zeon then addressed the room, he said, "This gentlemen is a new addition to our
household"

There was nodding and laughing from the men at the top table, I noticed some of
the girls who were  serving stop and look at me.

The Zeon barked at me to strip, I looked at him in amazement,,,,,I made to
move,,,but he had a grip of  my shoulder, he roughly pulled me back,,,,and once
again ordered me to strip. I looked round, people  watching me,,, I started
crying I couldn't believe what was happening.

I begged Zeon to stop it all,,,,he walked away from me I just stood there unable
to move, I felt  numb, frozen to the spot.

I heard someone say to Zeon to shut me up that I was a whining slut, I couldn't
see for tears in my  . eyes.   Zeon came back towards me and he started pulling
at my clothes, my hands went up to stop  him, he slapped me hard across the
face, I was stunned into silence, "that's better, " he said  " Now  get your
fucking clothes off"


TBC




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Lainnie


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





