BDSM Library - The Husband You Know




The Husband You Know
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Wife discovers husband's bondage toys.
The Husband You Know

Susan Bloom thought she knew her husband Ron as well as anyone could ever know
another human being. She and Ron had met when they were still just teenagers and
had got married at 20 just over ten years ago. As with most marriages they had
had their ups and downs but overall she felt that their marriage had been and
still was successful.

Normally Susan worked as a secretary but today was the first Monday of her well
deserved  two week vacation. She had originally planned to go to the beach but
it was a bit cool and looked like it might rain so she decided she would tidy up
the loft unaware that by so doing she was about to change her whole life.

About half an hour into the job she came across a suitcase she didn't even know
they had. It was quite big and light tan in color and it was very heavy. She
discovered that it was locked and her first reaction was that, since it must be
Rons', she would ask him about it when he got home from work but then curiosity
got the better of her and she set about trying to find the key. She knew that
there were old bunches of keys in several drawers around the house and there was
a whole ice cream container full of old keys in the garage somewhere.

So it was that about an hour later after finding and trying lots of keys without
any success that she actually found a key that worked. Quickly she opened up the
case and looked inside and anyone watching would have seen the color drain from
her face as she found about forty magazines with pictures of naked women tied up
and spanked and under these she found ropes, handcuffs, chains, two types of
leather gags a leather blindfold and god knows how many other kinky items.  In a
state of mild shock she put everything back the way she found them and went back
downstairs.

 She made herself a cup of tea and considered what she might do about her new
discovery. Clearly the man she thought she knew so well had dark secrets he had
never shared with her perhaps afraid that she would think him a pervert and that
their marriage would be harmed. Susan did not regard herself as a prude and she
knew that lots of people were into bondage and kinky sex games. In fact she
herself had often fantasized about being kidnapped, tied up and made to do
naughty things she would never normally even dream of doing or even talking
about. Had Ron told her of his kinky fantasies she might even have gone along
with them but it hurt her that he had kept such a secret from her.

She decided that the best solution would be to confront Ron with her discovery
as soon as possible.

Ron arrived home as normal around six-thirty and again as normal they had small
talk about their various days' events and then had sat down for dinner. Steeling
herself she then told him about her find and how disappointed she was he had
kept this secret from her.

'Susan I'm really sorry that you found out about my kinky secret in this way.
All the things in the case I had bought to use in sexy games that I hoped one
day you and I might share but I never had the nerve to bring up the subject with
you. I was frightened that if you knew of my fantasies you might stop loving me.
I am into bondage and control as a game between consenting lovers I'm not a sick
sadist who wants to hurt anyone. I want you to understand that'.

Susan didn't know what to say in response and the silence hung between them.

'In my fantasy I do tell you and you do understand and you let me tie you up and
tease you and make love to you night after night and you enjoy it as much as I
do. Together we play wild games and each night you are my willing sex slave and
I make you cum again and again.'

'You were wrong not to tell me Ron but I guess I can understand why you didn't.
The problem is what happens now? Do we both pretend that today never happened or
do I have to go along with your fantasy and give bondage a try?'.

Ron stood up and walked behind her and reaching round he cupped her breasts and,
using his thumbs, caressed her nipples through the thin material of her blouse.

'Let me tie you up right now and I will show you how exciting being helpless can
really be. You know you can trust me not to hurt you say 'Yes' and the adventure
will start'.

Susan leaned back,  Ron's hands on her breasts making her feel good.

'Yes' she whispered 'I do trust you completely, undress me, tie me up and make
me your slave for the night, do anything you want with me. I love you.'

'Are you sure?' Ron asked 'Once you are tied there will be no turning back'.

'I'm sure...Master'.

Taking her hand Ron led her up to the loft and she stood nervously watching as
he unlocked the case and began taking out his bondage toys. She offered no
resistance as he unbuttoned her blouse and took it off  her nor when her bra was
also removed. She closed her eyes in surrender as she felt him unbuckle the belt
holding up her skirt so that the garment fell around her ankles and she gasped
in excitement as she felt her panties eased down.

She wanted to cover her sex and her breasts, she wanted to tell him she had
changed her mind but her arms remained at her sides her eyes remained closed and
she said nothing. Then she felt the blindfold strapped over eyes and the
darkness was no longer of her own choosing. Ron gently guided her so that she
was backed up against one of the stout vertical beams that ran from floor to
ceiling and her belly shuddered as she felt her wrists pulled together behind
the beam and firmly roped together.

'Ow! That is too tight'  She  protested as ropes circled each arm just above her
elbows and then the ropes tightened so that her elbows were drawn towards each
other behind the post.

'Just a knot or two to hold them in place' Ron whispered into her ear. 'You
should see how having your elbows being tied like that push out those beautiful
tits of yours' and then she felt his lips closing around her left nipple whilst
his fingers squeezed and pinched the right one.

'Spread your legs slave' he commanded 'I want to see your pussy and feel how wet
it is'.

Susan obeyed instantly and was rewarded with a soft caress on her clitoris from
a warm rough hand.

'Hump my hand slave I want to see you cum for me'.

It took her only seconds and she was cumming like the proverbial fountain
spraying Ron's hand with her juices and panting like some bitch on heat. Never
had she cum like that before if this was bondage she loved it and wanted more.

Her whole body was shuddering and twitching as she felt leather being buckled
around each ankle and her legs held wide apart by a four foot steel pole.

'It's called a spreader bar' Ron said as his fingers caressed Susan's wet pussy
once again. 'Once I have fixed the middle of the bar to the beam and also roped
your tiny waist to it, you will ready for your shave'.

'Shave?' she groaned knowing full well what was to be shaved and knowing that
she could do nothing to prevent it.

'Of course Susan I hate getting pubic hair in my mouth and after I have had
rings inserted in your big thick nipples and pussy lips I want people to be able
to see them'. Don't go away I need to get the video camera set up for the before
and after pictures'.

'Ron Ron come back I am not going to let you video me or put rings in me and
no-one is allowed to see me like this ever...do you understand...this is not
negotiable.'

'You are right Susan. It is not negotiable, you are going to have rings in your
nipples and pussy and I am going to have a few of my friends round and show you
off in all your naked splendor and you had better start getting used to the
idea'.

'Ahhh!' Susan gasped as the shaving brush twirled to and fro across her clitoris
and her pubic hair was turned into a mass of lather and foam. 'Oh God, I'm
cumming again please don't video this please Ron I beg you....Please...Ahhhh!'.

Ron smiled as his gorgeous wife came on camera as if on cue. The combination of
her bonds and of the razor and shaving brush attacking her pussy was too much
for anyone to bear. He reached for the ball gag and pressed it gently against
her lips. 'Open wide slave' he ordered and he grinned in triumph as she opened
her mouth wide to accept the gag. Her resistance was fading fast soon she would
do anything and everything he asked, but for now he had to take one step at a
time. After all it was only Monday night and he knew she didn't have to be back
at work for a whole week. He reached for her discarded belt, doubled it up and
them slashed it across her out-thrust tits first one then the other then both
together then across her belly and lastly between her legs on her bald and
exposed pussy. Susan howled in protest as the blows landed but Ron only laughed
as he realized she was cumming again. Christ she loves it he thought to himself
and he couldn't wait to leave her in her helplessness and go downstairs and
watch the video.

'Bye for now slave' he told her and then he placed the cruel bulldog clips which
he had brought home from his office over each of her nipples and as he let go
they bit deeply into her tender pink pouting rosebud nipples.

'MMMRMMPH!!!!'  She yelled through her gag for him to take the cruel clips off
and that they hurt too badly but only a muffled gibberish was to be heard.

Perhaps the clips are a bit severe he thought as he left the loft, turned out
the light and closed the door behind him.  Susan heard him whistling as he went
downstairs and she knew the clips would stay and she came again as she realised
that she was totally at the mercy of a man that she thought she knew.....but
didn't really know at all.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  SydneyOZ


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





