BDSM Library - My Story




My Story
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: 33 f  lesbian Domme..uk. This is the story about me.
My Story

         Hi,

For some time I have been considering writing my story, not that I consider
myself to be any sort of an author but with the aid of spell checker and
constant re-editing I hope to make it reable and perhaps enjoyable to those of a
like mind. I would welcome any comments, pro or con.

About me

My name is Ramona apparently I was named after a sixties song by the King
Brothers a bit naff but my parents where big fans and had all their records, as
is natural with such I name it was shortened and from a very early age until
this day I am called Ram by family and friends , I even think of myself as Ram
and use it in my signature. I am , at the time of writing, 33 yrs old, single,
and very much a lesbian although my preference is as a dom, I am 5ft 9ins, slim
without being skinny, I'm told I have a great ass, and nice size tits which
don't need a bra for support. I work out as often as possible, aerobics,
jogging, even line dancing would you believe in order to stay trim, I have thick
shortish blondish hair which I struggle sometimes to keep under control and try
to style in the Lulu fashion..

Although I am a dom I certainly am not the stereotype, doc marten, dungaree
wearing butch, not that I have a problem with that and some of my close friends
prefer that style, personally I prefer to look feminine and prefer short skirt,
tight blouse and heels to get attention.

My story ( part one )

 I have only one sister Cassandra ( another stupid name ) known to all and
sundry as Cass is two years younger than me, is married to a great guy  who
works for the same company as myself, what he doesn't know is that Cass is a Bi,
very much a one man woman and loves her husband dearly and wouldn't consider
cheating on him with another guy but she also loves the ladies and is very
popular at the club we attend. Most Friday nights she will stay over with me
after we have been to the club and if she's scored she will bring her partner
back to my place and if I haven't it can be very frustrating listening  to the
two of them screwing each others brains out in the next room, Cass likes the
equal types, and prefers a variety of girls rather than a stable lez
relationship and she's known as a butterfly at the club which suits her as it
attracts those of a like mind, a night out, good laugh with friends,dancing, the
come on, then great sex. We are great buddies as well as sisters and have no
secrets from each other and she is well up on my preferences, we have shared the
same girl on a number of occasions but never the same bed, it is always her pick
up and if I am alone,and after she is well sated, she has the habit of banging
on the dividing wall and saying.."Ram, you want some of this ?"  Of course I
would want some of this and my reply would be.."send the slut round ", if the
girl got the hump at being passed around she would leave, it had happened, and
we would descend into fits of laughter. But normally the girl was up for more
and only too pleased to join me next door for a different type of loving.

 I have my own place, a two bedroom modern end terrace on the outskirts of town,
ive never married, but as is usual went the boyfriend route for some time,
no-one guy in particular just playing the field, got myself fucked, enjoyed it,
and did it often but it always left me feeling as if I was missing something and
I couldn't quite put my finger on it. It was Cass that introduced me to the club
she had been a member and  going along usually on a  Friday night for some time,
and although I knew she swung, at that time she always left her partner to make
the ' where to fuck arrangements'.

 After being signed in by a rather butch and heavy looking female bouncer in the
foyer who was dressed as a man in Tux and dickey bow we entered the club proper.
It was a revelation, and I knew immediately it was what I was looking for, I'd
never felt so at home in any environment as I did here  . It was a low ceiling,
quite large room, with discreet low lighting, tables and comfortable chairs
around a dance floor with  a couple of darkened alcoves in each corner which had
a curtained entrance and had a sort of chaise lounge in it. The curtains were
open allowing me to see this and I presumed that when occupied  you were able to
close the curtains for that moment of privacy and to let other know not to
enter, a rule that was accepted by all members I learned later that if the
alcove was occupied and the curtains open then it was an invitation for others
to observe, and perhaps join in the scene the club catered for the voyeur as
well as the exhibitionist. The club was quite select and private and was for
lesbian or Bi's only although it did cater for the cruiser as long as she was
vouched for by a known member. It was hosted and owned by a middle aged lady ,
quite attractive who obviously looked after herself although could do with
losing a few pounds she was known as 'Boomer' whose real name was one of those
unpronounceable polish ones ,she owned the premises and lived above the shop, so
to speak, she gushed and embraced everyone on entry,  she planted a smacker on
Cass's lips and as I watched licked her lipstick off, much to fits of laughter
from Cass who playfully slapped her face and called her a trollop before
introducing me as her sister and guest, I too got the kiss treatment but after
seeing what had happened to Cass's lipstick I didn't give Boomer the chance to
lick mine and to her delight and surprise and in a spirit of fun I lapped across
hers before thrusting my tongue deep into her mouth in a French kiss. Cass was
besides herself, in fits of laughter, as where others who had seen this
treatment of Boomer by a Newbie and it was as if I was immediately accepted as
one of them, just for good measure I gave Boomers right ample tit a good squeeze
that made her gasp into my mouth. It was the first time that Boomer had been
treated in such fashion, she loved it, and I knew we were destined to be great
friends. A small bar serving drinks was along the far wall, although dimly lit 
it was staffed by a slim  topless and hot pant wearing Eurasian girl in high
heeled black leather boots she had cut out the ass cheeks on the pants and as
she turned to use the optics gave me a tantalising view of her globes, which is
what she intended as she looked around into my eyes to see if I approved she
smiled and mouthed "you like " I  slightly inclined my head and smiled,
promising, I thought. As I paid for the drinks Cass introduced me to Mia, and
added that Mia was Boomers banger and shared her life and bed although both were
of a mind to put it around with each others consent, and it had been known for
Banger to put on a show in the alcove while Boomer watched and thrilled as her
girl got the treatment for someone's tongue or strap on. As Cass made the
introductions, Mia took my hand caressing my palm with the tips of her fingers
making her intentions obvious, she said." perhaps later when the bar shuts we
could have a drink", I nodded, "perhaps" , I replied which brought a pout to her
mouth and a reluctance to release my hand, " only perhaps " she said. Cass
butted in" hey Mia take it easy Ram's new to this, but I'll slip you a little
pussy later if you're a good girl and a lot of pussy if you're a bad girl" we
all laughed as we moved away from the bar to a table where Cass usually sat with
her friends. Introductions all round to the six that Cass hung out with at the
club , there were two obvious couples and the other two were on the pull.
Although this was regarded as their table it was a matter of comings and goings
all evening, as friends stopped by to chat, exchange gossip and perhaps brag
about their latest love conquest, I loved it, and felt for the first time in my
life as if I had arrived at the beginning of a journey I always wanted to make.
As the sister of Cass I was immediately accepted as a part of the gang and Cass
moved around the hall pointing me out to her many friends who would wave and
mouth a Hi.

The dance floor was crowded and intimate with not much room to move for the
dancing couples, it seemed to be what they wanted as most simple swayed on the
spot with their partner, it seems there were no inhibitions as couples openly
caressed each other and kissed to the smooch music which was a the low guttural
half singing half talking wet knickers offering by K D Lang who was going down
on this girl in her head, very erotic stuff, the mood music, and what I was
seeing on the dance floor made for a very wet pussy indeed which I could only
partially relieve by squeezing together my thighs,  it was taking all my powers
of restraint  not to make a bee line for the toilets to give myself some hand
relief, a number of dancers were making eye contact with me over their partners
shoulders, I got a few mouthed Hi's and blown kiss as perhaps an invitation to a
future liaison, my response was to kiss the tip of my middle finger appear to
throw the kiss off the finger to them before pointingly placing the finger on my
crotch, I was learning quickly, although it was all coming naturally to me, the
reaction to this caused  the eye contact to lick their lips and in one instance
to audible utter " oh my god " and the partner in her arms to get the wrong
impression that it was her that had caused the effect as she pulled her partner
from the dance floor and to my amusement I watched her drag her into an empty
alcove and quickly shut the curtains . Unknown to me but not to Cass Boomer had
been eyeing me up for some time, Cass had taken the trouble to fill her in on my
back ground and encouraged her to make a move on me apparently Boomer had a
special liking for virgin lesbian pussy and saw me a challenge and wanted to be
the first to pull me. She came to our table, took my hand and pulling me to my
feet said," lets dance babe", not giving me much choice as she led me to the
centre of the floor nudging aside other couples as she did so, once there and
swaying to the music, her hands went around my ass pulling my mons tight against
hers as she ground into me , my hands were on her shoulders as I looked at her
before moving forward and taking her lips to mine in a deep French kiss, I was
sopping into my panties, I have extra sensitive nipples and with no bra on they
were rock hard against Boomers well supported tits we were in each others arms ,
I felt her shudder as my tongue delved deeply into her mouth, the bitch was
having a cum, I was sure of it as she pulled me even tighter into her but I
wanted more, I wanted her to be in no two minds that it was me making her cum
and at my direction , I moved slightly and inserted my leg between hers, prising
them open as I nestled my upper thigh hard against her pussy lips and at the
same time thrust mine against hers, we rocked gently as I thrust against her,
god it was good, I broke the kiss and licked at her ear lobe, " you like this
honey , you like the way Ram fucks you " I needed no answer as the very words
drove her over the edge to a cum there and then on the dance floor, if I hadn't
been holding her up she would have collapsed. What neither of us had realised
being so caught up in a world of our own,  was that the music had stopped and we
were the centre of attention in a circle of watchers amongst which was Cass,
with a Hugh smile on her face, she yelled.. " way to go Ram " and led the woops
and hollers and clapping, I bowed graciously as did Boomer before much laughing
as the music started up and things got back to normal, Boomer was still holding
my hand, "why don't I show you around this place " she said, I was in no doubt
as to what exactly she wanted to show me and said " lets go babe I hope the
grand tour is as stimulating as the introduction " " oh, it will be, I guarantee
it " she replied as she  led me behind the bar and through a door marked
'private', as I closed the door behind us I made eye contact with Mia who gave
me a delightful smile and blew a kiss, " have fun lover " she said  "perhaps ", 
I said, " you owe me a perhaps, and I intend to collect" she replied, I gave her
the benefit of what was becoming my trade mark, a kiss of the fingertips,
followed by a touching between the legs , she imitated me as I closed the door,
yes I though , that's one pussy that I intend to taste very soon but it would
only be with Boomers permission.

The living area was excellent very femine with pricy erotic pictures and classic
lesbian photos on the walls, an entwined lesbian lover statue in  almost full
size and it was of a white nude woman in the arms of her black lover as they
kissed, just looking at it made me tingle. What drew my attention was a short,
maybe 18 inch black leather riding crop positioned in the centre of the mantle
piece, I moved over to it and picked it up, it was very supple yet strong,
obviously of a foreign and very well made make, it had a plaited cock shaped
handle of some six inches  which fitted nicely into the palm while at the
business end had an inch wide five inch long strap it had been slightly oiled
and kept in pristine condition, I tested it in the air with a few strikes, and
it had been designed to whistle quietly as it flew through the air.. Boomer came
up behind me and pulled me back against her, she flipped open my blouse buttons
and her hands where on my tits and her fingers caressing my nipples." You like
my little toy " she murmured " very much " I replied, in fact so much that I
intend to get one as soon as possible, "  "Mmmmmmm, sounds good babe" she said,"
but until you do this one is at your disposal, now honey, turn round and go down
on me, ive wanted those sweet lips on my cunt ever since we were introduced".

It must have been at that exact moment and  triggered by those exact words that
I realised my orientations, I turned, and looked at her, she was highly sexually
aroused and used to getting her way," No babe, its not me that will be going
down on you, In fact quite the opposite its your lips that will taste my pussy
juice, and you better be good, or your ass will be the fist to feel the kiss of
this crop, now kneel my sweet bitch, kneel and serve me, now " to emphasise the
point I pressed on her shoulders as she sank to her knees before me. "Oh my god"
was all she said as she pressed her lips against the material of my pleated
skirt, her hands ran up my legs, prising them apart as she sought to obey me, I
was thrilled, this was working out better than my highest expectations undid the
buttons at the back of the skirt and allowed it to drop about her head before
stepping out of it, she went to take it from around her shoulders, "no, leave it
there, leave it till I tell you to take it off, its your collar as my cum slut".
My words and actions had touched into Boomers core releasing a need she never
knew she had, she had always been in charge although as an equal in most
situations except with Mia  when they both shared a love of being dominant and
dominated and she would use the crop on Mia's ass before fucking her with the
handle but always after Mia had serviced her or as in some cases the lady that
she was entertaining while she watched, then fucked them both. Boomer was a
latent sub, a sleeper who once awakened went to her task with enthusiasm and
with the desire of a pussy slave to please her mistress. I was wearing a white
cotton thong the crotch of which was sopping with my pre cum she licked across
the material driving her tongue between the outline of my pussy lips, flicking
up wards, then in deep, as deep as the material would let her. I held her head
tightly against me as I shuddered to a countless number of mini cums against the
material and the probing tongue. Boomer withdrew her head from between my legs
and looked up at me.." Please Mistress Ram, please may I remove you thong, I
want so much to please you ", God, I nearly came the big one on hearing her
begging me to be allowed to lick my slit." Yes slut , take down your mistresses
thong, show me how devoted to me you are, show me how much you appreciate me
letting you lick my pussy and maybe I will let you keep my thong as a trophy as
a reminder that I honoured you with taking my virgin lesbian pussy. Boomer was
in raptures, as was I, the thong was quickly removed, I didn't see what she did
with it but I never saw it again, now except for my high heeled boots and open
blouse I was naked, I ordered her to lay down, on her back on the carpet, as I
straddled her face facing down along her body. I flipped open the buttons of her
blouse, her tits were a lot bigger than mine encased in a low cut bra that
emphasised her cleavage in the blouses she like d to wear, I reached forward,
pulled up at the bottom of the bra exposing her tits to my view, I liked what I
saw and gave the nipples a quick slap each with the crop that I was still
holding, reaching forward I drew up her skirt and nudged her to open her legs
exposing herself to my view and anything else I had in mind, she was wearing
white lacy but very crotch less panties but it didn't disguise the wetness and
her pussy lips were glistening, I gave her a couple of light slaps on the
sensitive and expose pussy and she moaned in pleasure " yes mistress, yes, use
you crop me beat my pussy, please beat my pussy till I cum for you ", " My
darling slut," I said, " you will only be permitted a cum after I consider you
have serviced me satisfactorily now shut up, and put that whores tongue to the
use I demand of it". As I was facing the door I saw it open slowly and quietly,
it was Mia, who had a friend in charge of the bar and now stood in the ajar door
and watched as her lover, mistress, benefactors head was between my legs begging
to please me , looking directly at Mia I kissed my finger tip and threw her the
kiss then placed my finger into my pussy, before putting  it into my mouth and
licking it clean. Mia made the same gesture before allowing the hot pants to
slide down her legs her fingers stayed deep in her pussy as she masturbated
gently while she watched and listened .Whether Boomer was aware that Mia was
watching or not I didn't know, and neither did I care I was too far down the
erotic trail as I said "Now my darling reach for it , reach for your mistresses
centre, show me how much you desire and want to please me ", Boomer needed no
second bidding as she pulled on my ass cheeks lowering my pussy to her waiting
lips as she drove her tongue deep into me, her thumb found and rubbed
frantically at my clit as she strove to bring me off, it was heavenly, having
this proud, successful woman worshipping at my wet and willing pussy, Mia had a
grandstand view as Boomers tongue and fingers went into overdrive in an attempt
to bring me off and receive the holy grail of a cunt whipping and a cum and it
was more than I could bear and as she dipped a finger into my hot wet cunt,
before rubbing it along and down the crack of my ass and inserting  her wet
digit into my rosebud,. I came, and I came and I came as her tongue drove me
over the edge while she finger fucked my ass. Boomer lapped furiously not
wanting to miss a drop of my nectar as I soaked her lips and tongue with cum
after cum, my hands were at my nipples as I mercilessly squeezed my own nipples
, pain and pleasure, pain and pleasure was all I could think about as I came
down from my first ever lesbian induced height, it was a height that was going
to stay with me for the rest of my life, this is what ive always sought, I had
found my Shangri-La, I desired a subservient cum sucking slut  and in exchange I
would be all things to her , it was now time to reward Boomer for her obedience
and to take another step along my chosen path.." Roll over my sweet bitch, you
have pleased you mistress and now its time for your reward. ", she did so as I
still straddled her head, I had done so, so as to keep the still watching Mia
hidden from her, "as she was now facing away from Mia, I ordered her to kneel on
all fours, my skirt was like curtain around her head, blinkering any view except
straight forward. "Stay like that, don't move a muscle, you understand ", I
asked, "yes Mistress Ram, but please Mistress Ram take me I cant bear it much
longer, I have to cum, I want to cum on you orders ".I was thrilled when I did
let her cum I intended that she would never forget this night.. I walked over
the still gently masturbating Mia and gently pushed her back through the door in
to the passage way pressing her against the wall I thrust my fingers between her
legs and into her wet cunt, her fingers joined mine, coating them with her cum,
before I withdrew them and placed them between her red coated lips, she did the
same, as I bent forward and we deep kissed both savouring her taste. As we both
licked her cum from her fingers. " you are very good, wonderful, the best ive
ever seen" , she whispered " I came over and over watching you, listening to
you, and when you slapped her nipples and pussy, I almost screamed, me tooooooo"

I suppressed a laugh, but smiled and whispered back, " don't worry babe, you
time will come, I shall soon enough have you on your knees before me, and be in
no doubt that you will feel the kiss of the crop, but now I have unfinished
business in the room I have an ass that is crying out for my attention and I
don't intend to disappoint it ", " can I watch you beat her ", she whispered."
No , you've seen enough for one night, go back to the bar, and be in no doubts
that I shall have you soon, very soon, just as soon as I get the say so from
your bed slut waiting for me, if things go as I expect them to, you will both be
servicing me at the same time , but not tonight.". Mia kissed her finger tip
placed it in her pussy, then in mine before kissing it again, turning and
leaving, pulling her pants on as she did so, looking back and giving me a cheeky
ass bump as a promise of what awaited me just as soon as I wanted to claim it.

When I re-entered the room Boomer was still in the same position as I'd left her
I had been gone only a moment, and I never offered her an explanation of where I
had been. Raised her skirt above her waist and it hung down like a curtain about
her ass cheeks. I nudged the crop against the inside of her thigh, indicating
that she should open them fully to me. I knelt down in front of her and raised
her head, "are you ready for me my darling, are you ready to receive your reward
for pleasing your mistress ", "Oh yes, oh yes, please Miss Ram, please give me
my reward, ", I lowered my lips to hers and took her into my embrace kissing her
deeply and with considerable tenderness. breaking the kiss, I offered the crop
up to her lips, " kiss it, kiss the source of you pleasure and pain " I said,
she did so, running her tongue along the strap end before inserting the cock
shape into her mouth and sucking on it. Giving it back to me she said. "use it
Mistress Ram, use it on your devoted cum slut ". It was turn to need no further
bidding as I moved behind her, I bent forward and thrust a couple of fingers
into her pussy , I intended  to leave the crotch less panties in place, beating
her bare ass would be something to look forward to at another time, she backed
and ground her cunt against my intruding fingers soaking them with her juice,
that she had , had, a number of cums was obvious although the big one was still
out of reach and awaiting my orders, I moved back to her front and thrust my
sopping fingers into her mouth for her to lick clean " taste yourself, taste how
wet your mistress has made you, taste how much you want to please me ",she did
just that as she lapped her juice from my fingers.

The crop whistled through the air and struck hard against her right ass cheek
even before she had a chance to screech I did the same to the left nether cheek,
her arms buckled to the carpet as she laid her head on them , "more ,harder
mistress, make you slut cum with your crop "as she gritted her teeth  and looked
back at me. Her position now only served to make her ass stick out and up higher
and I wasted no time in applying the crop in a steady rhythm, not vicious hard
stokes, but a gradual build up as she needed it and wanted it, Boomers hand went
to her pussy as with half closed eyes and the licking of dry lips she worked
furiously at her clit to the steady ass thrashing she was receiving, I could see
it building up in her, the big one was moments away, her breath was in short
pants as she strove towards a climax like she had never had before or even knew
existed, by instinct I knew when to make my move and throw her over that cliff
into sexual oblivion and it took a severe and unexpected crop blow , not to the
expected ass area, but on the highly sensitive inner thigh just down from the
pussy lips, once, hard, then a reverse back hand stroke to the other thigh, she
let out a throat curling guttural moan  as she reached her zenith and crashed
over, I reversed the crop and thrust the cock shaped end deep into her pussy and
fucked her with it as she was into deep orgasm, gradually easing off as she came
down until I with drew it and tossed it aside, its job for one night was done,
she would never forget how and by who she had been introduced to its real
purpose, the playful ass beating of Mia and others was gone forever, although
she had been the pupil it was a lesson well learnt and one that that she would 
want more of , and apply to others in future, that this was also new to me was
unimportant as I was the only one who knew that and had shown  Boomer who
considered herself to be a sometimes Dom how these things should be done.

After we had dressed we sat on the sofa , kissed and caressed each other as
contented lovers do. "Ram " , she said, " you are going to be a big hit, in more
ways than one, at this club", I laughed at the obvious pun, " sometimes we have
special evenings, special invitation evenings, even Cass is unaware of them as
it's not of her orientation, the theme is Domination and Doms bring along their
subs to put on shows , maybe have them punished for some indiscretion real or
imagined, all the subs are the property for the evening ,of whoever attends, no
squabbles, no resentment, no jealousy just a good time among like minded people,
although everyone is available to anyone no poaching is allowed, anyone making a
move on another's girl outside of evenings is expelled forever, no exceptions or
apologise accepted ", I was fascinated, this was totally new to me, the very
thought of watching, and perhaps taking part was making me a very wet Lady
again. " The only rules are that you must bring along a Lady to share, so the
sooner you find one, the sooner you will be invited, although I suppose I can
always lend you Mia until you get your own slut. But they all know Mia is my
property, so I would have to get another, there are no exceptions to the rules,
not even for me", what will appeal to you, and is always called upon at these
meetings is for some to do the beatings. Some of the Dom/Sub relationships stop
at the Dom not wishing to administer the punishment to her sub although they are
quite happy for someone else to do so, that you are a natural for the position
is plain and will be of great benefit to the special evening and those who
attend, I can see a number of the wannabee Doms being more than ready to bend
the knee to you, just as I was ", she added with a smile..

" Boomer ", I said " you can have the best of both worlds a Dom when it suits
you, and as you now know, a Sub when it suits you, you can also drift along as
an equal and fuck any of the middle roaders that come your way, just as you have
Cass, don't worry, she loves you, as do I now, but like you she needs variety
that's why she is so at ease with you. As for me, well, I make no bones about it
I am Dom, I cant imagine being any different, my degree of Domination will alter
depending on my partners needs, just as it did when I took you, I knew it was a
first for you, but what you have learnt tonight will make you a better Mistress
to Mia or any slut you pick up " " That's very true, ive learnt so much tonight,
I think in order for me to understand what a sub goes through I needed to go
through it myself, I'm glad it was you that awakened it in me, and I'm sure I
will want to serve you again.", I pulled her to me and kissed her passionately,
" You will, you responded wonderfully, was it because Mia was watching " I
asked, It was only a guess, had I been wrong I would have told her that Mia had
seen me Queening her, but I had supposed right. "Yes I heard the door open and
assumed it to be her it was a real turn on having her watch me subbing myself
for the first time". "That's good, we shouldn't have secrets from each other she
wanted to watch me beat you but I wouldn't let her, I told her that was perhaps
for another time and with your permission. I want to watch as you put Mia
through her paces maybe coach you to be a better Mistress so as to get the best
out of her  perhaps at a later date you would like to invite me to, and then
after I would  Dom you both at the same time, believe me I would have Mia do to
you things you never knew existed and you would do things to Mia in like
fashion.." God, the thought has made me wet and ready for some more action "
said Boomer. I Laughed and stood up picking up the crop as I did so" Not with me
though my sweet love, I shall leave you wanting, do you mind if I keep this" I
swished the crop to show her what I meant." Darling Ram, its yours,  call it a
swop for your thong, my only insistence is that you bring it along on our
special evenings and of course when you attended to my needs . I nodded . " Now
I'm going back to the dance Cass will be wondering where the hell ive got to ",
" Cass knows exactly where you are and the fact that you have been gone for so
long shows the success of your first visit to my home", once again I nodded "
Now kiss me goodbye" I said, she made to rise from the sofa, my hand went to her
shoulder, " not those lips, but these lips, " I said , leaving her in no doubt
as to the lips I expected her to kiss, she fell to her knees raised my skirt as
I parted my legs, she planted a real lip smacker on me thrusting her tongue up
and in as she did. I nuzzled her face there for a moment before turning and
walking form the room, looking back she was still on her knees watching me
leave, I kissed the tip of my finger tossed her the kiss raised my skirt and
stroked my pussy before turning and leaving.

The club was really moving by now as I returned to the table, Cass's first
comment was " Well ?". as an indication of how well it had gone I lay the crop
on the table top, no words were necessary..




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Ramona


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





