BDSM Library - The Quality Bitch




The Quality Bitch
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: He found out their little secret and took full advantage of it.
Warning: This story is based on a series of fictional settings, people and
circumstances. I repeat, the people, places in this story are not real, the
events depicted and described are very real as are the delicious torments
described. We found them delightful and within the bounds of doable. They were
exciting for all participants. Any similarities with actual people or locations
are merely coincidences, aren't they!

 This is for adults: If you are not considered an adult, please don't read any
further.




The Quality Bitch


Chapter 1

  It was just one of those days, you know what I mean, a constant stream of bad
news, one right after another. My house needed a new roof. The place where I was
working was closing its doors. My final divorce papers came in the mail. Time
for a change.

  First things first. To find another job.  I dug out my old resume and started
updating it to fill in the last 10 years and once that was done I went to the
computer and tried looking for something new that I might be interested in
doing, didn't have much luck though. I searched for last Sunday's paper. I found
the adds in the trash. I dusted them off and with a beer in hand began my
search. Then I saw it, Quality Manager, for years I had been on the receiving
end of the abuse trying to fix things that were broken or didn't fit right all
the time suffering the criticism of the quality department. Well it was time, if
you can't beat them join them, and I applied and sent my fax out, at the same
time I sent my resume out to some agencies and searched for Quality Control
related jobs on the net.

  Two more month, is what I figured it might last closing down the plant that
would be all the time I had to get something else.  The first couple of weeks
went by without a word, and then I get this a call for an interview. The job
sounded good but the money and benefits weren't close to what I was making, so I
asked for time, trying to stall in case nothing else came my way. Then the
following week I got another call from an agency this time and I went for the
interview. Afterwards they sent me to the company for screening or so they
called it and then 4 people in a small room grilled me for an hour and a half.
They asked what my expectations are for salary, I couldn't read them, no idea at
all if I was high or low.  I have a great dislike for the interview process.
Finally they tell me "We'll get back to you". I really don't expect it; I don't
think my answers were what they wanted to hear sometimes I'm just too honest for
my own good (got to make a mental note on that).

  I finished up cleaning out my desk, trying to take some of my stuff home every
day so I wouldn't have to clean it all out at one time. I was working late when
the phone rang, I pick it up and some clerk calls to tell me that if I'm
interested I have the job and to report in 2 weeks at the beginning of the month
at 10:00 AM for orientation.

  Well the day finally arrives, I'm the new Quality Manager I get a radio and
keys to a new office, executive restroom, laptop, the whole deal, Nice, Real
Nice, maybe things are looking up. The next day they take me around and
introduce me to everybody, I get the meeting schedules that I have to attend,
and I meet my staff, a superintendent Melissa and 3 supervisors Ed, Sheryl,
Harry and my secretary Debbie make up the quality department Salary and then 30
hourly inspectors.

  They all seem to be nice people although I sense some resentment from the
superintendent, the lady looks about 25 or so, Very Dark Haired, perhaps 5'1"
tall, nice figure very pleasant to look at, but her eyes give her anger away,
rumor has it she was inline for my job. I'm not used to getting to work at
10:00. I'm always in early, well now especially because I' not sure what's going
on for sure yet.

  So at 7:00 I wander through the production area and then to the Quality office
and greet 3 of the guys looking at a part on the bench. I make small talk with
them, introduce myself and I ask them if there's any coffee to be had and we
have a coffee together and make small talk about the parts and the problems
associated with them and try to listen and learn...

  The daily 10:00 AM manager meeting was a new thrill; we go over all the audit
functions and cost, I figure it wouldn't affect me, good thing I kept my mouth
shut. Turns out office supplies, maintenance, markers, tools and tags all come
from my new budget, looks like that's where I'll be spending the weekend, trying
to make sense of the numbers.

  It was a nasty week, but it's behind me, now to wrestle the books and figure
out my budget. I startup the laptop and crank up a spreadsheet set it up and get
the neighbors kid to plug in the numbers. By late Saturday I'm ready to start
some crunching, analysis and forecasts on the departments budget.  As I get a
clearer picture where everything's going, I detect some gaps that I can't
account for and decide to call the accounting Manager (Matt) and ask some
questions.

  Matt was helpful enough. He just chuckled and commented that nobody ever went
that deep into the accounts and not to worry about it but if I wanted he would
pick up supervisions credit card statements for my department operating budget
and drop it in my mailbox at work Sunday morning. Something wasn't right and I
knew it, I didn't want to end up the fall guy for an accounting fuck up for
anybody, so I picked up the statements Sunday afternoon and continued digging.
Ed, Sheryl and Harry's expenses weren't all that high between $30 and $50 a
week. Melissa's on the other hand was $1200 - $2100 a week.

  Turns out she was in charge of buying tags and fasteners along with office
supplies, but that still seemed kind of high.

  On Monday morning I asked Matt how the budget is calculated. He explains to me
that I shouldn't worry so much and tells all I'm accountable for and not to go
over my average annual dollar amount and that that's the only indicator that's
used for an audit. He cautions me not to use expense funds for Projects and to
write projects for the large dollar items purchased, that would keep the numbers
in line.

  Things were starting to smooth out a little, seemed like this was really a
piece of cake and a lot easier that my old job. Time for lunch. I asked Debbie
my secretary if she'd like to join me for lunch (I couldn't be accused of
anything taking a 60 year old lady to lunch). She smiled and led the way to the
parking lot.

  Then she informs me there isn't much around in the way of restaurants, just a
diner at the strip mall everything else is too far for an hour lunch. We make
small talk and I find out that Debbie's quite the company historian and a little
bit of a gossip and she fills me in on all the dirt little secrets through
lunch. I pick up the tab and we walk back to the car I see Melissa coming from
the Office Store with a small plastic bag in her hand and she gets in her little
sports car and flies out of the parking lot.

  I had some time so I went back to the laptop and my accounting project and
Melissa expenses. Talking to the some of the workers and listening to them
complain about not having what they need and when they need it made me
suspicious and then talking to Debbie and some of the comments she made about
Melissa. So I questioned Debbie, she began to explain that Melissa roommate
Candice who works at the Office Store bought a house together and implied that
she didn't want to know any more about whatever arrangement they had. And that's
when the light came on for me "The Office Store" that's where the money was
going, but the supplies weren't to be found.

  Another 3 months of digging turned up all the evidence I needed even photos.
Melissa and Candice had embezzled roughly $700 dollars a week. Melissa would
take the credit card and Candice would ring the purchase and resell the items
and the cash would disappear.

 I decided to wait till Thursday to have a private discussion with Melissa,
besides I needed to pick up a small digital video camera yet and some other
things and Friday was a holiday.




Chapter 2

  Thursday morning I went to Melissa's office. I made sure she was alone and no
one was around to hear what I had to say to her. I asked her to come to my
office to see me at 5:00.  She began to complain about it being a long weekend
and she had plans, and I told her it was mandatory that we talked and went on to
say "Melissa I am fed up with your attitude. I've had enough of your shit and
it's time we settled a few things!"  With that I walked out and back to what I
was doing.

  At 4:00 I went to my office and setup the tape recorder and video camera and
printed out the confession for her to sign. She walked in a few minutes after
5:00, just as Debbie was leaving. I told her to close the door and she sat in
front of me I began to tell her the pieces of the story and what I had
discovered and showed her the evidence of the transactions and how her and
Candice embezzled over $250,000 dollars from the company.

  When I looked up I saw sheer terror in her eyes as tears began to pool in the
corners. She sobbed and said she was sorry; my reply was not good enough. I
outlined the coming events as best I could, notifying the Company, the IRS for
tax evasion, (something she hadn't thought of) and that part of the money would
be recovered, by sizing her house, car and whatever else the court could recover
the funds.

  This sent her into hysterics. Exclaiming how sorry she was and how it was all
Candice's idea as I shoved the confession in front of her to sign.  She began to
beg and tell me the whole story even some thing's that I didn't know for sure.
She signed the paper; I took it and placed it in my desk. I looked her in the
eye and told her "Melissa go home, and stay there!" I'll deal with you later!

  I wrapped up my stuff, made 2 more copies of the videotape and confession and
locked one set in my desk, swung by the bank and placed a set of copies in bank
safety deposit box and took the third copy home with me.

  When I got home I kicked off my shoes, grabbed a beer truly enjoying and
savoring the moment. As I popped the top on my second beer the phone rang and it
was Candice (I let the machine get it) in a very pleasant voice asking me to
please call, and then she hung up.  Up to this point Candice was a complete
stranger to me, I sat back and smiled, what an opportunity I had here if I just
had the Balls to use it?

  Everything I had ever dreamt of and or wanted to try or could have possibly
thought of to do with a woman was unfolding at my feet. Melissa had been a bitch
to me right from the start and then she was a thief on top of that. I just
wondered if the stakes were high enough to force them to cooperate with me.

  The devious plan was coming together in my mind. I took a shower, put on some
shorts and a tea shirt. I took my little package and placed it in the glove box
and drove to the local 24 hour hardware store and picked up some interesting
items, since we were fairly rural, this place carried a lot of equestrian and
farm supplies and I was able to find everything I needed. 

  It was almost 7:00 PM when I pulled up in Melissa and Candice driveway, no way
was I discussing any of this on the phone with either of them. Melissa answered
the door, her eyes were red from fear and she'd been crying. Candice joined us;
she was wearing clam diggers and a short top that stopped just above her navel.
She was a brunette, early 20's, nice figure, smooth complexion, the women were
so transparent but non the less absolutely drop dead gorgeous.

  The type of young women who had tormented me all my life, led me on and then
walked away snickering and filing for divorce, no one was snickering now. I
guess all the resentment I felt in the job from Melissa, and then me not dating
for quite sometime, the pain of the divorce all came together at once. The girls
looked rather serious. Candice started to speak; I simply held my finger to my
mouth signaling for her to be quite, her second attempt to speak, I simply cut
her off and told her to get me a beer, nice to watch her sway as she walked
away. She was a little taller than Melissa, maybe 5'7" or so. When she handed me
the beer I handed her the package with the tape and the confession and told her
to play it! Now! She fooled with remote as Melissa sat on the love seat across
from me as the picture of her came on screen as she relived the events again.

  I saw defeat written all over Candice's face, with that I told her "Candice
theirs another line on that paper under Melissa name it outlines your
conspiracy, it's for you signature, Sign it!"  She took the pen, signed it and
handed it back to me acknowledging her defeat.

  I began to get up and Candice stopped me by simply saying please, can't we
work something out, please don't do this, if you do this we could go to prison
for 10 years, we couldn't live like that, Please?

  I pointed to the love seat next to Melissa and told to Candice "SIT down and
shut up"!  I pulled back the coffee table in front of them and sat on the corner
of the table about a foot away from the girls. I was quiet for a long time, just
watching them and forming the words in my mind that I was going to say to them,
I wanted to impress upon them how things were going to be. But first one more
question, Ladies, what else haven't you told me about all this, and they swore
that they weren't keeping anything from me...

  Ladies, you have chosen this path for yourselves and you're in a nasty
situation and now you want to avoid the consequences, 10 years or so in prison?
Here's how you can do that, please listen carefully (I said in a soft voice); I
am not going to repeat myself after I explain all this to you will have to
decide for yourself, but you both have to come to the same conclusion, if you
cannot decide, then I can't help you, is that clear?

  They both nodded their heads up and down. I will only ask you to do something
one time, Refuse me, and you know what the out come will be. Lie to me, disobey
me, Just fuck up one time, you go to Prison, there will be no warning, no second
chance and all the begging or pleading will not change your fate.

  Thinking to myself, the many things that I've always wanted to do, but for
some reason I was always discouraged or talked out of by women who wanted to
control the moment, this won't happen this time. Ladies, the easiest way to
explain your fate is that you are going to have to be willingly to become my
slaves, completely obedient, willing to do whatever I ask, when and however I
ask without hesitation or discussion. If you're slow I will punish you, but I
may just punish you anyway, from this point on you have nothing but what I grant
you to have, everything you see or touch that is yours from your body to your
possessions ALL, will be mine to do with as I please with your encouragement,
consent and blessing.

   The only concession that I am willing to offer you is you can spare yourself
and your families the embarrassment of visiting you in prison, you'll be able to
keep your jobs and you won't have a criminal record. Your sentence in my service
will last as long as I see fit and no longer than the 10 years you deserve, and
if your good, real good, I'll allow you some time to yourselves a couple of days
a month for good behavior.  Ladies, you have 10 minutes to decide if you want to
accept my offer? It's either Yes or No, no negotiations, you have nothing to
barter with. I'll be waiting outside.      

   I left them on the couch and went to my car for a cigarette, I leaned against
the car and lit up a smoke and began to scope out the neighborhood. Nice, all
these places had 5-acre lots and the houses were almost in the middle of the
lot, large pines framed the property boundaries and along the front of the road.
I had almost finished my cigarette when Candice walked up the drive toward me,
she stopped in front of me and with a quiet voice she told me of their decision.

  They'd do anything not to go to jail and she empathized "Anything" I asked of
them they would do, and she asked me to just try and be patient with them. She
was too clam, so I tried for some shock effect. Candice, tell me, did you ever
make it with Melissa?

  There was a pause as she looked down and then as I suspected, a quiet "Yes"
came from her lips. I opened my trunk and took out the Gym bag containing my
supplies and closed my trunk. Candice was him hawing around, it didn't seem like
her, and so I asked her what her problem was. She said "Well ah Sir, I ah, just
remembered what you said about holding back and, ah, we for got to mention about
Sandy".

  So I asked, "Who's Sandy" as I headed for the front door and dropped the bag
in the living room. Ok Candice, I haven't eaten yet so your going to make us
some sandwiches and coffee have it on the table in 30 minutes, and Candice, make
yourself look presentable by the time I get back, Ladies wear dresses, Candice,
did I hear a "Yes Sir" out of you? She quickly shot back "Yes Sir".

  Melissa, come walk with me. By now it was dark outside as we walked down the
drive and out onto the grass, she stopped because here heels were sticking in
the dirt, she looked at me and I told her in a reassuring voice, take them off
as I continued walking.

  I turned and waited for her to catch up, she was a little shit in her stocking
feet I don't think she weighted a 100 pounds; we were near the tree line. I
lifted her chin with my finger and kissed her lips gently.

  With a reassuring voice I told her, Melissa it's going to be all right, just
do as I tell you and you'll be just fine and I kissed her again this time more
deeply. When her lips parted she seemed relieved.

  I held out my hand, she took my hand in hers and with that I said no Missy,
your underpants; she looked at me perplexed and stammered "not here" Yes Missy,
here and now, I can't she said I have pantyhose on, well then Missy, then take
them off too. Now Missy! Being a little more forceful. She raised her skirt and
liberated the pantyhose and her panties very quickly, trying to hide herself
from my view, which she accomplished.

  She handed the garments to me and I put them in my pocket. We walked to the
corner of the lot right into the pines. These trees were 30' tall with branches
going all the way to the ground. I walked up under one with some higher branches
I held my hand out to Missy again and she placed her hand in mine and I snapped
a hand cuff around it slung it over a heavy branch overhead and clasped it to
her other wrist.

  I took her face in my hands again and kissed her deeply, she kissed back, so I
lengthened the kiss as I grabbed for the hem of her skirt and started to
gradually lift it. She was startled and drew back from the kiss and I warned her
softly, "Bad Girl Missy" and I resumed the kiss and her skirt continued to come
higher until the hem was up at her armpits and her bottom was completely
exposed. I let my hands wander to her ass and I fondled it squeeze it gently
with a lift and separate motion to my hearts content, with little protest she
continued our kiss.  I stopped our kiss and knelt in the grass before her.

  She got extremely nervous and clamped her legs together. Again I warned her
"Bad Girl Missy" and smacked her ass lightly. She opened up in front of me to
show me her dark pubis curls. I searched and probed for the secrets buried
within, while she whimpered quietly and held her position until I was satisfied
and she was on the verge, and then I simply got back up.

   I looked her right in the eye and asked her "Melissa, tell me about Sandy?"
Apparently she too had forgotten. She was afraid, she whispered, "OH, AH, She's
a high school kid that works for Candice". Then I asked again "AND?" and she bit
her lip and told me that Sandy was in on the scam too, whenever Candice was
busy, Sandy helped out and they paid her for it.  She was supposed to come by
Tomorrow afternoon and pick up her check. I gently lowered her skirt and resumed
our kiss as I released her one wrist from the tree and then refastened her
wrists behind her back. OK for now Missy, time to eat as I held her arm and
walked back to the house.




Chapter 3

  Candice had made sandwiches and she was wearing a summer dress. I had her sit
next to me and Missy, Candy I called her and I could see, it wasn't what she
liked to be called, but I continued, the look on her face was priceless when she
saw Missy in hand cuffs.

  Candy my sweet, your going to gratefully, with a great big smile stand up,
raise your dress and remove your panties while Missy and I watch you do it, now
do it nice and do it slowly, we wouldn't want to miss anything.

  Candice turned a brilliant red and slowly did as she was told and when she
finished I patted the leather couch and told her to sit back down next to me.
With panties in hand she sat, and quickly tucked them between the couch
cushions. I took a sandwich and placed it to Missy's lips and demanded she take
a bite. I explained, looking at Candice, just in case you had some crazy notion.
By the way I have to get to work promptly at 9:00 am Monday, theirs and email
notice that will launch automatically saying that something has happened to me
and it lists my bank and safety deposit box where a copy of your handy work is
stored. She bit into the sandwich and I joined her and we completed our meal
together.

  I looked around the house; the split-level had a finished basement, kind of a
game room with beams and high ceilings. I recognized my dungeon right then when
I saw it. I called out to the girls and they came quickly. I uncuffed Missy's
one hand and told her, "Missy go up and get my bag", Candy, clean up the kitchen
and have your ass back here in 10 minutes! They scurried up the stairs and Missy
returned with my bag.

  I got up on a chair took a half-inch eyebolt and started it into the beam,
pulled out a screwdriver for leverage and sunk the eyebolt. Then I attached a 3
foot long piece of chain to the eyebolt so it would reach the girls wrists when
they were standing up straight. I called out to her "Missy come here" and she
came to me and I again lifted her chin, she knew what was coming as I lifted her
wrists and fastened them above her head and then looped the chain back up and
hooked it out of her reach.

  I blindfolded Missy and she stood there quietly as we waited for Candy to
reappear. She came down the stairs quickly and stopped in front of me as I took
her wrist and cuffed her quickly and hooked her up the same as Missy.

  I wasn't sure if she was going to struggle when she saw Missy, by then it was
already to late she was immobilized and the blindfold went in place. I bought
some practice plastic golf balls and some remnant pieces of leather and cut the
leather into the shape of a large dog biscuit, leaving room for the nose and
chin.

  Then I popped a hole in the middle of the leather. I threaded a tie wrap
through the hole and through the golf ball and back through the leather piece.
Then pulled it tight and held it against the girls lips. They opened their mouth
I fastened it behind their head.

  This makes for a very effective gag, the ball keeps them from dislodging the
gag and the leather is large enough to seal their lips and they drool like crazy
out the hole in the front where the tie wrap goes through.

  I rummaged through the bag and pulled out a couple of cheap tape players and
headphones and I installed the batteries so I could start the girl's
indoctrination.

  Just looking at them make my cock jump and I knew this is how it was meant to
be from now on, anything I wanted, anytime I wanted, anywhere I wanted.

  Looking at Candy in her summer dress gave me an idea; she just looked too
comfortable standing there.  I pulled a length of rope from the bag and another
eyebolt and sunk it home 3 feet from where Candy's hands were attached overhead.

I tied and made 6 wraps with the one end of the rope around her right ankle and
fed the other end through the second eyebolt and began to raise her leg in the
air. I continued lifting it up until she was completely spread and with no
undies, I really appreciated the view. I tied off the rope to the eyebolt and
whispered to her softly "My, My Such a Good Girl" but she stayed quiet, I guess
to defy me, that's OK, the night is young. I looked at Missy and she too needed
to be slightly more exposed and with that I unhooked and unzipped her skirt,
grabbed the hem and began pulling it down slowly, she was fidgeting and didn't
know quite what to do, but she tolerated me non the less.

  The finishing touch, I placed the headphones on them and inserted a 90 minute
tape that repeated the same sequence every 15 minutes all the way through on
both sides. I made one each of them and pressed play and adjusted the volume
somewhat louder than normal, So I could mess with one Bitch without the other
being able to overhear, Unless I raised my voice of course. I went to Missy and
listened. The first segment employed a standard hypnosis concept and started
with regulating her breathing. This then leads into the waves crashing into the
beach and the sea gulls in the distance, and winds up with the list of rules and
the appropriate desirable response.

  When I saw she was ignoring the tape I briskly slapped her ass with a riding
crop, man did squeal and jump, the smack must have scared the shit out of her. I
decided check on Candy and I decided to encourage her too. But with her I was
subtler, I slid the one earphone forward so she could hear me and latched onto
her pussy hair and pulled it downward gradually, while I whispered in her ear "
I expect you to listen and do exactly what's on the tape, I moved the earphone
back and took in the sight of my willing captives. Time to explore!! I walked up
the stairs and went to the fridge to see what we had, Nothing up on top, opened
the door, well at least there were a couple of beers and some wine coolers,
these girls were going to have to learn how to shop for a guy! All this chick
shit, wine coolers and microwaveable crap has got to go, that's for sure.

  Onto the next floor, I went to the bathroom and rifled through the medicine
cabinet just to make sure they weren't on something, wouldn't want one of them
to die on me and spoil our fun. Did come across a small shaver, probably a
bikini weed whacker of some type. Dam, Better go check on them first.

  I peeked and they seemed to be listening? Next the bedrooms, Bedroom 1 had a
single bed and the nightstand was dusty. Nobody had moved a thing around on that
nightstand for some time, not even around the alarm clock, I always struggle
finding that dam shut off button without moving the clock to this day. Bedroom 2
was a disaster, clothes all over the place, some size 8,had to be Missy's and
some size 10, these chicks were going to become neat freaks, they just didn't
know it yet. I pulled open the doors of the nightstand and before my eyes were
an entire porn shop, some still in the brown wrapper with the UPS label stuck in
place.

   The centerpiece being a strap on, definitely put my god given equipment to
shame, I picked it up, felt life like, when I looked up and saw my reflection in
the vanity mirror, "Shit" the dam thing even made me blush and I thought that
couldn't happen any more. I dropped the brut on the bed and pulled out
everything, butterflies, buttons, eggs, vibrators of all varieties, these girls
shouldn't be frustrated at all and as soon as I get this stuff down stairs I'm
going to make sure they enjoy "Good Vibrations". Were not talk'n the Beach Boys
variety? I dumped it all in a shoebox, the shaver too and wrapped it all in a
large towel, and thought to myself "Play Time".

  I brought the coffee table down the basement, along with the shoebox and stuff
and setup the table between the girls, laid out the towel nice and neat and then
arranged the toys by size, from smallest to the Brute.

  Time to see if any of this is having an effect, they've been through the tape
a couple of times by now. I touched Missy's pussy with the palm of my hand and
she spread her legs for me and thrusts her cunt forward, right into my hand.
Wow, this is neat, she gets the Idea and she's eager. Test 2, I trace my finger
up her ass cheek and keep going right into her crack and then to her rosebud and
she does it again, tries to help bury my finger, very encouraging.

  I slid the one earphone forward and said (intentionally with a loud voice so
Candy would hear) an encouraging "Good Girl" to her as I sought out her clit and
began to tease her. She spread her legs for me and tried to seek out my finger.
Time to reinforce her, so I licked her ear and said to her teasingly "Such a
good girl Missy, Missy is such a good girl" over and over while I cranked up her
clit and stopped just short of climax. She was hot, wow, was she hot.

  It was time to get them ready for bed, but I wanted to have some fun with
Candice first. I lifted her dress and tucked the hem under her Tie wrap of her
gag so it stayed out of the way and I fired up the little shaver and began
mowing her snatch hair. She wasn't ready for that. Then I let the handle of the
thing touch her clit, She shook like crazy, and dam near lost her balance
hopping on one leg. I finished my hairstyling and left her with just a quarter
size patch at the top of her snatch. I did take my comb and used it to shorten
what was left to a height of a Quarter inch.

  I like something every now and the to scratch my nose on, But I can live
without the jungle she had down there. I went back to my bag and took out a wide
leather dog collar and some surgical tape and taped a small vibrating egg just
outside of her inner pussy lips then buckled the collar around her neck.

  I undid her chain that held her and clipped a leash to her collar and slid her
blindfold up enough for her to see and led her upstairs to the bathroom, set her
on the pot, told her to piss, I wiped her and then put her to bed.

  I took her to the small bedroom and forced her down on the bed on her back,
and made her lay side way across the bed. Her elbows bent over the mattress and
I fastened a long chain around the cuffs, raised the mattress and ran it over
the bed frame so her weight locked the chain in place and then clipped the ends
of chain together out of her reach, she wasn't going anywhere. Then I pulled her
knees so half her ass was off the other side of bed and tied her ankles wide to
the legs of the bed frame so she couldn't move. I lifted the headphone, kissed
her cheek and turned the vibrating egg on low, and whispered "Good night love"
as I turned off the light and closed the door.




Chapter 4

  Missy was still hanging around with her gag on when I got back to the
basement, not that she could go anywhere. I removed her blindfold and pulled
another collar out of the bag and placed it around her pretty neck. She didn't
seem to mind what I was doing to her. I unhooked the chain that held her cuffs
up in the air. I decided to go further with her. If my hunch about her was
right, the fun was about to start.

  I sensed she was really getting into this whole scene?  So next came the
leash, and she accepted that as I clipped it to her neck and half-heartedly
slung the other end through the eyebolt overhead, well even if she didn't want
to accept it, she really wasn't going anywhere. Then I released her hands from
the handcuffs, where upon she rubbed her sore wrists. I lifted her chin and
moved the headphones around her neck.

  I softly spoke to her, Missy do you understand what is expected of you, (I was
referring to the tape) she nodded her head up and down. Do you remember what
your rules are in the house? She nodded again, Missy do you realize you're in
violation of the house rules. Rule #1 you are never to wear clothes in the
house. (Referring to her top and bra, I had already liberated her of everything
else), If you don't want to be punished you better strip girl.

   I walked behind her as she fidgeted with the buttons of her blouse. When I
was directly behind her she let the blouse fall and moved her hands to unclasp
the bra and that to was gone now too. I captured her hand again and clasped he
Handcuff back to her wrist and the grasped the other wrist and lifted her wrists
to her collar and clipped the cuffs through the clasp of the collar and then
inserted her wrist and closed the cuff.

  She was cuffed to her collar and she was now accessible to me completely
without even the remote possibility of her trying to interfere with her hands.

 With the closure in the front there was no way she was getting at the buckle of
the collar either. I began to reach around from behind to support her breasts,
much like her bra did. But I couldn't stop myself from searching out her nipples
and stretching them forward. This allowed me to praise her again as I took her
leash in hand and headed upstairs. I did manage to pick up a 10-inch vibrator
and my crop as I passed the table; I made sure that she saw me. She never
hesitated all the way up the stairs and into the other bedroom with the
king-size bed.

  I removed her gag and asked, ready for a quiz Missy? She replied quickly by
simply saying "Sir". I began, "What's House rule #2 Missy?"  Sir, I am always to
have my legs spread for you at all times, and she made herself available in sort
of a slut pose. She did this naturally, like it's a request for me, so I did let
my finger glide through her grove and let it trail to her lips and when my
finger stopped she opened her mouth and accepted it and licked it clean with
enthusiasm.

  Couldn't help but to exclaim "Good girl Missy". I lathered up her cunt with my
other hand and got her cranked up again as I stripped and pulled her on top of
me as I laid on my back and told her  "climb on bitch". She moved quickly to
ablidge me and she was able to capture my cock. In short order she hit the
bottom of the stroke and frustratingly ground her cunt lips against my root.

  Latching onto her tits and plucking her nipples got her to hold still while I
enjoyed the sights and the frustration, she wanted to ride like a jockey on the
last 10th of a mile. I kept her still on top of my cock, deeply nestled in the
warmth. I heard some whimpering and asked her, "What" she said "Sir. Please Sir,
can I ride you cock, please Sir" I was moved, what can I say at a moment like
that but, "You go Girl" and she did just that. I did find it useful that I
brought the crop to bed, smacking her ass and instructing her to get her to
clench her pussy at the bottom of the stroke made for a memorable moment. She
was biting her lower lip and bouncing for all she was worth, tits were bouncing
and she was having the time of her young life and then I came. Three strokes
later she gasped and came as well, she clamped her pussy down like a vice and
leaned forward and nestled her face against my chest and rested, and exhausted
she lay on me trying to catch her breath.

  I rolled her off of me and asked her if she was having fun, she replied "Yes
Sir, Thank you Sir".  I kissed her and slipped the Vibrator in her pussy and
turned it up all the way, she bucked and fucked herself into the artificial cock
and kissed me back with renewed vigor.

  This bitch loved sex and she was having a great time. She tensed up and moaned
into my mouth as she came again, again, and after the third time I retrieved the
instrument of her torment and discarded it between us, never breaking the kiss
the entire time. 

  As we caught our breath, I told her there are a few more things for her to do
tonight. She looked up and said "Yes Sir".  I told her "Get out of bed and on
your knees Bitch". She quickly rolled over and slid out of bed onto her knees, I
followed right behind her and swung my legs on either side of her kneeling form.

  As she looked up at me I told her "Clean my Cock Bitch" and without a word she
engulfed the head and worked her way downward. The crop came in handy to
instruct her gently. By tapping her ribs and giving her verbal instructions,
like softer, slower, deeper, hold it there, back up slowly and when I couldn't
stand it another second, telling her again to "Go Girl". Then lastly "Swallow"
as she drained me and I fell back onto the bed. She then went to work nibbling
on my cock kissing the underside to the base and licking my balls, taking one at
a time in her mouth and sucking them gently, this girls mouth was heaven.

   I couldn't help praising her for her efforts and taking her in my arms. I
noticed a smile form on her lips basking in her accomplishment, or was it a
smile for avoiding the bite of my crop? I may never know? 

  From out of the quiet I heard her " Sir, how else may I serve you" Wow, I
thought to myself. I sat back up and told her, Candy is in the other room. She
hasn't cum at all tonight. I am going to take you to her and you will make her
cum. When she does, you will make her Cum again, never shall your lips leave her
pussy, until you both fall asleep, then when you wake you will start again until
I come for you. Do you understand? She looked up and said "Yes Sir".

   So I led her into the other room and there I found her as I left her, some of
the surgical tape came loose frustrating her even more then what my plan called
for. I uncuffed Missy and made her kneel between Candy's splayed out legs
re-routing her hands under Candy's thighs and rejoining her wrists above candy's
navel. By attaching two short pieces of rope to Candy's knees and fastening them
to the head and foot board securing both of them and locking them together.
Missy watched me as I completed this, so I asked her what she was waiting for.
She slowly went to the task I assigned her. Gasps of relief came from Candy as I
shut off the light and got some rest myself.




  Chapter 5 

  The sun came thought the blinds and woke me. I saw the alarm clock and it was
8:00 AM as I gathered my wits and reconnected with my surroundings. I peaked in
on the girls and notice Missy was up, but not doing as instructed. I snuck up
quietly and swung the crop and grazed her left cheek parallel with the crack of
her ass lightly, she wailed and dove into the pussy and continued her
assignment, before I was able to get into the bathroom Candy was Cumming again.
I left the bathroom door open and I could hear Missy's lapping and Candy's
moaning over the shower nozzle.

  I went down stairs in the buff and found cereal and a gallon of milk and threw
a spoon in a bowl on my way upstairs. I set everything on the nightstand. I
freed Missy and hustled her into the shower and told her I like my pussy shaved
clean, she smiled and said "Yes Sir" as she passed me in the door. I released
Candy's hands, removed her headset, gag and told her to strip. Since she still
had that dress on. Surprisingly no argument from her either, when I pointed at
her bra with the crop, the bra flew off, what sweet tits she had. She probably
thought I'd use the crop on her tits.. Her breasts were larger and fuller than
Missy's with small nipples, but they were real hard and pointy. I enjoyed this
as I fixed up a bowl of cereal for her, heavy on the milk, she ate and drank it
all, no arguments.  I untied her legs as she ate. Missy came out of the shower
and knelt in right in front of me and Candy eating her cereal. She leaned
forward and kissed my cock and said "Thank you Sir" and folded her hands behind
her, just like she was instructed on the tape. She awaited instructions. I told
her to eat, pointing at the nightstand with the crop.

 I grabbed Candy by the hair and forced her forward into the bathroom guiding
her by the hair and pressure with the crop. I closed the door and pulled her
hair harder so her head came back as I shoved the crop against both breasts.
What's is it going to be Candice as I slipped the crop from her tits and slapped
her across the top of her ass. She whimpered and begged, but the fight and
defiance was out of her. I spoke softly to her and reinforced the messages that
had by now been burned into her brain from the tape. I nudged her towards the
shower and opened the door and left her to herself. I called Missy into the big
bedroom, I asked her if she had to pee, she smiled and said "No Sir".

  I pointed to the bed and bound her gently on her back. I kissed her long and
hard and then refastened the gag and blindfold and set the headset back in
place, turned it on and snapped the cuffs back on her and made sure she was
immobilized and secured. I closed the door and waited for Candy. She emerged
finally a little on the sheepish side of the approach. I snapped my fingers and
she moved quicker. She dropped right to her knees and took the same position
Missy did, I walked up and stood in front of her and my cock slowly rose to the
occasion, she moved forward and kissed the tip. "Good Girl" and I raised her
chin, knelt and kissed her full on the lips. I could see she too had shaved and
left her remnant patch.

  I asked her to go pee and I followed her into the bathroom spread her legs
wide when she sat and waited and watched, she went reluctantly, but she went. I
dried her off with a piece of paper and she blushed deeply as I held out my hand
and led her back into the room where she spent the night, I bound her in the
same fashion as Missy and closed the door.

  I walked into the master bedroom, looked in on Missy and cranked up a vibrator
and leaned it against her mound, it was humorous to watch her try to sink it,
squirming around while I dressed. When I finished dressing I took her toy away
and shut it off. I could sense her frustration, she wanted more, but I closed
the door gently and gathered up the rest of breakfast and put everything away.

 I checked my watch (9:30 AM) and I thought the day through. Another bitch
coming over today that could fuck up everything, Sandy, hell, I don't even know
what she looks like. Need to pick up some boards, some more rope, maybe a long
handle whip. I'll need to stop by my place and get a jigsaw, drill and some
bits. I want to make another tape too. More lessons more rules... What would the
world be without rules? I thought to myself, I have to pick up a dictation
recorder and some tapes for it and one of those relaxation CD's that are
supposed to help you sleep.

 I got all my errands done and headed for the check out, (I jotted some thoughts
down for the tape on a piece of paper.)  Couple more stops, the food store(need
some finger food), Office supply, my place and back to the girls. I dropped the
relaxation CD in and spoke in a soft mundane voice and recorded the new tape
with the music in the background as I drove to my place. I dubbed the tapes in
my recorder and duped a second copy. I picked up my tools and headed back. I
pulled into the drive at 11:30 and I got a water glass with a straw and ran up
to check on the girls. I pulled their gags and they drank for me. I swapped out
their tapes and gagged them again and went to work down stairs.

 As I was unloading my car this old beat up red car pulls in around 12:30. With
this cute little girl driving, from what I could see of her and as I look up a
cop pulls in and blocks the drive way behind her.

  When she spots the cop she freaks and latches onto the steering wheel and
brings her forehead to rest against her hands while crying, cursing and sobbing
profusely.

  I walk towards the cop, this guy looks exactly like one of the guys from the
shop, so "I said Hi, you know you look just like a guy I work with at the shop,
I think Ed's his name" and ask if there's a problem? He gets out and informs me,
that Ed's his brother and leans against his car and tells me about her not
having any brake lights and I reply, "Yes officer, I know, she brought it here
so I could look at it for her".

  He stopped and stared a while and said to me "This vehicle stays off the road
until its lights work, Got it?" and I replied "OK, sure". He got back in his car
and left. I walked up to the car and guessed at her name. "Sandy ?"  Yea, she
says. Hi (I reply) I'm Candice's friend. She looks at me and says "Thanks for
getting rid of the cops" come on, lets get inside.

  She was shaking because a cop was going to stop her, but she didn't know what
it was about. I wonder what the real story is here. We went through the kitchen
I grabbed some pop and opened the sliding door and moved to the Deck. Sandy was
still shaking, she was wearing a jacket and with all her hair it was tough to
see what she really looked like.

  I handed her a pop and tried to calm her. Hey girl the boogie mans gone,
relax. She stared to calm down a little and sipped her pop. She thanked me again
for getting rid of the cop, so I answered, Hey, I got some connections, relax,
besides, I'd do anything for a "Good little Girl".

  She smiled and started to loosen up a little. She started by saying that she'd
been in a lot of trouble and one more mess up she'd have to go back to juvenile
hall or even worst. I asked Sandy, "How old are you?" I turned 18 two weeks ago,
I've been in work-study with Miss Miller for about year.

  So I asked about Juvenal Hall? Well she says, I've done some dumb stuff, She
cocked her head a little and let the blond hair slide off her face, her face was
almost Angelic, a gorgeous little girl. She continued "they arrested me for
selling drugs, my boyfriend stole a car last month and I was in it when he got
caught and today I ran a stop sign, that's why the cop followed me".

  I didn't say a word I just let her talk. As she felt more at ease she took off
her jacket and man did this chick have tits, had to be a 38 "C" maybe a "D",
maybe 5'4", 125 pounds, but with all the loose clothes I couldn't see much else.
Sandy rambled on and on and then asked if Miss Miller, Candice I interjected.

  Yea, she says. Does she have my money? So I asked, what kind of drugs did you
sell? "Ecstasy, she said reluctantly, great stuff, I love it, she says".

  Well Sandy, I said, first we have to do something about the lights on your
car, I'll have it towed and fixed and I made the call. Then we need to talk
about the real trouble you're in with Candice and Melissa and when this comes up
before a judge, well Candice seems to think your looking at 10 years hard time
young lady. That, and if the judge remembers your arrest record, there not going
to have any sympathy on you at all I'm afraid.

  Do you know what I'm talking about Sandy?  She sobbed and broke down, yea, she
knew. I told her they signed a confession and implicated her as an accomplice.
Sandy tears were coming in buckets once again. She was sobbing again and near
hysterics.

  I walked away, back into the house, at first she stayed outside and then when
she noticed I left and she followed, slowly, she walked up to me, she looked
lost.  I held open my arms to her, she accepted and I comforted her and sat down
at the kitchen table.

  I slid the confession her way with a pen, she was all blurry eyed but she took
it and signed it. Now Sandy, the question is do you want me to help you?

  Oh God yes, please, please help me. Sandy it's going to cost you and cost you
dearly and she blurted out, I don't care I'll do it. My answer was "But you
don't know what I want? Yea, she said, I know... I don't have anything else. She
was blond, but not as dumb as I thought. Things are going to be different, I
told her, she answered, I don't care, and I'll do it. So I dropped the other
shoe!

  Very quietly I said to her "Sandy show me". She stood up and pulled her
clothes of item-by-item, she tried to smile and I just watched her. When she
finished I asked her to put her hands under her tits and hold them up for me and
she did without hesitation. I couldn't resist so I touched one nipple and said
to her, Sandy I'm going to make you my slave for a long time and if you
disappoint me there going to come and take you away.

  Your going to have to obey me completely and do everything I say or I can't
protect you, and if I catch you screwing up I'm going to beat the crap out of
you. Now what do you say to that? I'll be good, I'll do it, anything. Sandy, I
am going to start your training right now, come.

  I took her down the basement and hooked her up, cuffed to the chain over head,
I gathered up her hair, got it out of her eyes and put it in a ponytail. What a
sweet face, what a body, and those tits just won't quit.

  I placed a blindfold on her and went upstairs to get Missy. She'd been
listening to tape number 2 for 2 hours now, I had a hard time with her, bring
her back to reality, she was really under, I talked her back counting from 10,
but I planted a suggestion deep in her subconscious, when I called her "My
Quality Bitch" she would sleep, and accept my suggestions.

  Then I released her from her bonds. Man this bitch was easy to program.
Probably wouldn't have to tie her up again, might even be able to make her my
watchdog over the other two.

  I picked up her tape player and snapped my finger for her to follow and she
was right there. When we got to the basement she dropped to her knees and folded
her arms behind her spread her knees and waited my command. I couldn't resist
kissing her. Man did she kiss back with a vengeance, about the same intensity as
when I was running the vibrator in her box.

  She was just kneeling on her own with no other stimulation except for the
suggestions, rules and my expectations for her that were on the tape. She was
nuts about me and I could do no wrong in here eyes.

 Time for another test, I placed Missy's tape player with the first tape on
Sandy and adjusted the volume but I left her gag off. I snapped my finger to
Missy and had her kneel in front of Sandy.

  I whispered in Missy's ear, I want you to eat out this cunt, I want her to cum
now and cum hard. Missy began, I don't think Sandy had ever been eaten out
before by the sounds she was making. Quite entertaining.

  I sat back and watched the show. I walked up and took a pack of clothespins
from my bag. Split the bag into and hooked the clothespins up to Sandy nipples
slowly, one at a time and then up the sides of her tits, slowly, She really
shook her titties for me.  I left Missy to her task and went upstairs to get the
medical tape. When I got back downstairs I snapped my finger again and Missy got
back on her knees waiting for my next command. Poor little Angel was hanging
with her legs spread all tuckered out. I cut a piece of broom handle off because
she was putting too much strain on her hands and the cuffs rather than
supporting herself with her legs.

   I guess she really got off on Missy's face. I wedged the broom handle through
the chain loop and got her to hold her weight off of the cuffs by using the
piece of wood as a handle and a hard smack to her ass got her to lock her knees
and support herself once more. I gagged her and let my fingers feel her and
tease the delicious body, which was going to be mine to command completely in
time.




Chapter 6  

  Missy I exclaimed! And she jumped to her feet and followed, dam this bitch was
really well trained or was it a performance for my benefit?

  So I decided to find out and I called her to me and whispered her control
phrase "My Quality Bitch" in her ear and stepped back to watch her response. She
got this blank look on her face and I told her to close her eyes and listen to
my voice, "Missy Sit" and I sat her on the couch "Missy you body is numb and
tingly you feel nothing, your getting calmer now as you feel the numbness
leaving and you feel nothing".

  I decided to take liberties with her and headed straight for her clit and when
I cranked it up for all it was worth it had absolutely no effect on her what so
ever. And I thought to myself "DAM"...

  I went to the kitchen and hunted around, found a needle and thread. This would
be the last test for her, if she sat still though this, then I would indeed
believe she could be trusted. I knelt before her sleeping form and let my finger
graze up her thigh as I revealed the needle hidden in my hand. I allowed the
needle to poke and scratch the soft and tender area between her knee and her
shaved pussy and watched her for reactions.  She sat still thought all my
testing, even when I poked the needle into her nipple she never moved an inch,
always sitting with her eyes closed, breathing slowly, without apprehension and
oblivious to what I was doing to her.

  I placed the needle in the shade of the lamp next to the couch and sat down
next to her. "Missy" I whispered, she moved her eyes without opening them, so I
continued, Missy, I want you to feel my touch as I tweaked her nipple and ran my
hand down her belly slowly and then to her knee. Can you feel it Missy. And a
moment later she responded softly "Yes Master". Missy I will help you to slowly
lie down across my lap as I guided her so her back was on my lap and I noticed
her knees spreading instinctively as a result of her conditioning.

  Missy, I want you to wake very slowly, becoming a little more awake with each
pleasant thought as you tell me your deepest thoughts and your most shameful
secrets openly, wanting to share with complete honesty all that you are Missy.
Begin with the most important thing on your mind, how you feel and what it means
to you Missy. I watched her begin to wake as I rested my hand across her stomach
as I let my hand wandered across her naked form, teasing her touching her,
stimulating her as you began to speak.

  Master, I am pleased just to be near you, I long for your touch and I am truly
grateful when you allow me to serve you. I am thankful that you command me and
my heart jumps when you praise me. To hear your words "Good Girl" causes this
pussy that I keep ready for you, your pussy to stir because this slave knows if
she performs the tasks you place before her you will grant her rewards. 

  Her eyes were starting to open as I let my finger enter her I asked the next
question. And what if I choose to spank, whip or beat you Missy. If I can serve
you in any way it would please me, if you need to whip me then I know I deserve
to be whipped or spanked or even beaten, the greatest torment for this slave
would be to be denied, to not hear your voice, to not feel your touch, even if a
whip is in your hand I would prefer the bite of the whip at your hands to the
void of not being your slave. I was touched, and I kissed her lips and she once
again thrust herself with complete abandonment into our embrace and encouraged
me onward with her wanton desires, showing me complete openness.

  I broke off our kiss gently and whispered to her, Missy, I want you to spread
your legs a little wider and use both of your hands and all your fingers on "My
Pussy" as I rolled her nipple between my thumb and finger I watched her comply
to my wishes hesitantly. As she turned crimson red, torn between the
embarrassment of this new situation and the complete openness instilled within
her programming as every fiber of her being now desired complete uninhibited
obedience to me, yet her ingrained modesty which had been nurtured and subtly
burned into her brain her entire adult life clashed with situation where I had
now placed her, she shut her eyes tightly trying to abandon herself from the
moment and yet comply with my command. (So I couldn't resist taunting her just a
little as her conscious desire to obey and the sub-conscious picture of what
might be considered normal and what one did in complete privacy did battle.)

  Missy, are you a good girl? I asked, and she paused a moment to answer "Yes
Sir", Missy, are you always so quiet when you play with my pussy? And she
whisper "No Sir", well then Missy act as you would if I weren't here, open your
eyes, entertain me and cum for me, show some exuberance and gratitude for
allowing you to play with my pussy.

  Missy, work your clit, and do it quickly, I said and then I began to hear the
squishing noise as her pussy got wet and she separated the hood with one hand
and worked her clit with the other as her pelvis rose just inches from my eyes. 
I praised her and called her a good girl. And again commanded her to open her
eyes and told her not to stop until I told her to, she was close and the sweet
noises she was making were delicious. Her breathe was coming ragged now and her
mouth was beginning to form and "O" as she let out a gasp "Oohhhhh, MMmm,nnnnn"
as she jerked involuntarily I continued to encourage her onward as her face
distorted and she clenched her teeth and hissed though them as she did battle
with her clit. Gently beating it far, far beyond where she might have otherwise
stopped if she had been doing this privately under the covers, she was doing
this for me now, for my amusement, regardless of the impact to herself, she
continued and began to vibrate on my lap as her muscles tensed from the possibly
3 orgasms I detected.

   I decided she had had enough and encouragingly I spoke to her "Missy, I want
you to cum just one more time and then you may relax".  She work feverishly with
renewed vigor and began to scream in a faint and distant way as the sound
stopped coming form her mouth her pelvis rose as she made a squeaky kind of
noise and then she fell like a sack of potatoes back onto my lap exhausted and
she let her hands fall away from her pussy. I held her in my arms for a long,
long time rocking her in my arms as I kissed her, again she was eager to kiss me
in an encouraging way.

 I let my hand slide down from her breast and glide across her tummy to my pussy
as she eagerly spread for me to explore what was mine. I whispered into our kiss
"Soooo Wet" as I let my fingers enter her and draw the nectar from her ecstasy,
I discontinued our kiss and placed those same fingers against her lips and she
devoured and teasingly licked them dry. I praised her again "Good girl Missy" I
considered my thoughts and her actions and thanked her with another kiss, a slow
long and lingering, heart felt kiss that lasted for almost ten minutes. This
chick was hot and eager to go again as I broke our kiss and told her "Time to
get some work done "young lady" as the noon hour approached.

  Take a shower and pick up some lunch and beer. I want you to dress and get a
double order of the large box of chicken strips some dips to go with it and have
your ass back here in an hour "young lady". With a stern look on her face she
got up and acknowledged what I had said "Yes Sir" as she was off. I detected a
faint smile on her lips as she bounced off cum crusted down to her knees,
delighted with herself and the events as they were.




Chapter 7   

   I proceeded down stairs to check on Sandy and found her as I left her.
Standing on her tiptoes and naked listening to her recording, gagged and
blindfolded with a few close pins were still attached to her breasts, most had
slipped off by themselves. I was beginning to appreciate her features, although
she was young, she had a well-defined ass the best ass of the 3, set high, nice
curves. I took the riding crop and flipped one close pin off that was still
attached to see her reaction, and she jumped as it released so I did another she
moaned into the gag each time I did this.

   Then I slid my hand up her ribs caressing her side gently and let my hand
wander back down to cup her pussy in my hand and she yielded my access to her
delights within the bounds of her bondage.

    I removed the headset and gag that forced her to produce the un-lady-like
slobber. Sandy's drool ran down her chin and dribbled onto her breasts and onto
her toes and the floor as I gently caressed her back and let my hand slide down
to her ass cheek, which I couldn't resist squeezing softly, and the lesson began
with a sharp smack to her ass cheek, which caused her to grunt and a moan to
escape from her lips.

    I tapped her ribs between her breasts with the tip of a riding crop, softly,
allowing her mind to try anticipate what was to come. I used the crops handle to
raise her chin for a kiss, her blindfold heightening her sense of smell as she
noticed the leather handle of the crop as our lips touched. I withdrew and spoke
to her softly; Sandy, whenever or whatever touches your lips my love, you will
embrace, and welcome. With your lips, investigate, with your tongue, suck it,
kiss it, make love to it with your mouth, embrace it, allow your lips and tongue
to show interest and the utmost enthusiasm, and if you don't convince me your
enjoying yourself I just might encourage you with the tip of this crop here and
there lightly to get your attention, and to remind you what your task is. With
that said I reached around and selected my target, the center of her right ass
cheek and with a astonishingly loud "THAWACK" I landed a moderate stroke to her
sweet behind, causing her to cry out, partially from the astonishingly loud
sound and partially from the sting of the impact causing her to jump.

     Sandy, as I ask each question or give you a command you will answer and
obey and when I think your untruthful, I will select another tender spot,
perhaps the inside of your thighs, between your breasts, your ass of course,
your back, the bottom of your ass cheeks where it curves to your thighs, your
nipples or your pussy. I was tapping gently between her breasts as I compose my
next question for her to answer. 

     I loosened her bonds and allowed her 8" of slack in her wrist not
stretching her out quite so much as I began to place a spreader bar between her
ankles as I was speaking to her in a calm and gentle voice.  Sandy, this is a
special bar, it has some cute attachments that I want you to enjoy to the
fullest, as I screwed the vertical bar into the horizontal one keeping her legs
apart.  I selected a 2 inch thick by 10 inch long life like rubber cock from the
toy chest and affixed it to the other end of the vertical bar and began to
adjust it upward and guiding inside her about 2 full inches, so she couldn't
dislodge it, as she gasped lightly as I locked the bar in place.

   Sandy my sweet, I whispered in her ear, I want you to bend your knees, do it
now and do it slowly as I emphasized my soft words with a crack to her left ass
cheek.

   She sank onto the cock while I watched and commented and praised her for her
efforts. Angel if you hesitate following my commands I won't hesitate
disciplining you if I feel your not working hard enough my love as she impaled
herself on the bottom of the stroke. I slipped my fingers on her clit and
whispered softly "Clamp down hard on that cock love every time you work your way
back up slowly" as I helped guide her with my fingers on her clit, rubbing
intensely until she found the top of her stroke and I presented her my fingers
for her to clean off for me, and I repeated this from time to time, as I
whispered "oh the sweet torments my love... Please don't hold back Angel, you
want to go faster don't you my love".

    I reinforced her training, by placing against her lips a tiny piece of
chocolate for her reward, Testing to see if she remembered what her actions
should be at the moment of contact with her lips. I reinforced her eager
response with and encouraging "Good Girl!!!".

   As she enjoyed her reward I again spoke to her softly; Remember my sweet, a
"Good Girl" holds very still for her punishments, she doesn't jump or make a
sound, or she gets smacked again and again until she takes her punishment
gracefully and quietly. This also to applies when I examine you from head to toe
with my finders, lightly tracing your features, a good girl would encourage and
press her nipples and pussy and ass toward the fingers touch and encourage
examination, as she continued to impale herself on the shaft anchored to the
spreader bar beneath her, regretfully unable to achieve her goal to orgasm...

	I saw a willing Angel ready to beg and to do my bidding.  I removed her
attachment to the ceiling beam one cuff at a time and then refastened the cuff
again it behind her back.

	Then I attached a collar around her neck and clipped a leash to the
collar and I removed the rod affixed to the spreader bar that impaled her and
commanded her to "Kneel!" which she struggled with the spreader bar and
blindfold still in place. As I helped her achieve the proper position for a
slave and making her aware of it!

	She knelt before me and I took in the vision of the lovely young
creature, beautiful and glowing in her heighten state of sexual arousal. I
attached her leash to the ceiling beam to keep her up and off her haunches. She
knelt straight and proud and oh sooo Hot. I let my fingers touch her pussy
softly and asked her if she liked what I was doing? She sound genuinely honest
in her response "OOH, Yes Master, please play with my pussy, Make me CUM for
you", I said What? Play with your what? And before she could respond I corrected
her and told her " This Angle is My pussy and your CUNT! And you will refer to
it as such from now on, I could see the blush emerge past the edge of the
blindfold, knowing full well I was pushing her buttons. I removed my fingers
from her after dipping them one more time in the wetness and pressing them
against her lips. Again she remembered her lesson and with eager enthusiasm
cleaned them for me, while I undid my belt buckle and dropped my slacks and
freed my cock from its confines and after my fingers were licked clean, I
substituted my cock for my fingers and she showed reluctance in accepting her
new assignment. The souls of her feet were visible and accessible to me and the
flick of the crop against the underside of her arch convinced her to accepted
every inch as it slid past her gums until my balls rested on her chin with a
gleeful Hmmmm, escaped from her nostrils and the corners of her mouth enhancing
a vibrant stimulation simultaneously along with her tongue and the wonderful wet
caress of her lips as she quickened her motions eagerly wanting to extract her
reward for her obedience, or was it avoidance of the bite of the crop that
spurred her eagerness. She did a fine job and I caressed her hair and face as
she cleaned the final segments of my cock until it glistened. 

	I removed her spreader bar and blindfold and helped her off her knees as
I retrieved the leash off the hook above and commanded her "Come!" as we
proceeded upstairs, with my stopping on the landing embracing her and kissing
her deeply and she responding and driving her tongue to duel with mine as she
expressed herself and her need for satisfaction.

	I called as I went up the stairs heading for the bathroom with her in
tow and as we got there Missy was emerging and heading for the bedroom to get
dressed, I smacked her ass playfully in passing and she giggled and hopped into
the bedroom. I snapped my finger and pointed to the floor to which Sandy
response was to kneel. I began to draw a bath for her, checking the water,
adding some scented bubble bath and setting the temperature on the warmer side
of the comfort scale.

   Sandy stayed kneeling as I checked on Candy locked away in the spare room,
everything was in order and as expected, she was bound and tolerant of her
situation, I loosened her gag and allowed her to sip some water through a straw
and then refastened the gag and worked a large vibrator inside her and cranked
it all the way up, then left her ass bouncing to the tune of the vibrator and
proceeded back to Sandy by the tub. I shut off the water and jerked on Sandy's
leash to get her to move and step into the tub, she did this slowly to get
accustomed to the warmth of the water.

  Once she was standing in the tub I commanded her to "Kneel" and she complied
without a word, I was pleased so far with her. I began by gathering up her hair
and forcing it into a tight ponytail. Then to lather up a washcloth and wash her
face gently use of a plastic pitcher to rinse her with, then her neck and arms.

  Next I took pleasure in lathering her breasts and once they were soaped up I
thoroughly enjoyed teasing her soapy nipples and forcing them to slip through my
fingers with sort of a snap and repeating this each time I slid my fingers from
the underside searching around until I found them again, each time she was
quiet, but non the less involuntarily jumped with each caress.

  I then proceeded to wash her back to the top of her butt, using the plastic
pitcher again to rinse the soap. Next I commanded her to turn and sit, taking an
extra towel to support her head and neck as she laid down in the tub and let the
water cover her.

  I took another towel out and placed it under my knees as I knelt and brought
my hand in contact with her tummy and stroked her from her breasts to her thighs
with my fingers. As I waited for her reactions, she did indeed part her thighs
each time my hand went southward from her navel.

  Observing her, Eyes closed with a strange expression on her face and each time
as my hand traversed downward she bit her lower lip, anticipating what was to
come.  I slid the towel from under my knee to the rim of the tub and sought out
her ankle and lifted it and set the underside of her knee on the towel,
spreading her even more than what she was so willing to grant me access too.

  I removed my hand to lather up the washcloth as she generously stayed put for
me and waited what was to come.  I lowered her knee again and lifted the other
leg and placed it on my shoulder and began my task washing her leg, up her thigh
and back down again to her ankle and the between each toe, she became nervous
and jumped, "Ticklish" I asked? Yes Sir, was her only response. So I continued
and let her leg back into the water and scooped up the other one once again to
continue my task. I washed between her toes and she again jumped around, and
then from there I did her shins and thighs but this time I didn't stop there I
allowed myself to slide my hand up her thigh and around to her anus, probing in
a circular motion with the wash cloth to explore and wash her, lingering there
despite the grimacing faces and sounds she was making, mixed in with an Oh God
and a please every now and then as she was off in her own world.

  Her eyes did pop open when I sought out her clit with my thumb and began to
flip it in a snapping motion back and forth and then came to rest right on it as
it grew to interesting proportions. A whispering gasp "Pleeeeeaaaasssssseeee"
escaped her lip begging for fulfillment and I was happy to oblige her bringing
her off as fast as I could, when I again sought out her anus an astounding "YES"
was her response followed by a "Please" as I denied her and firmly commanded her
to be quiet.

  I told her to sit and I released her cuffs and began to drain the tub and
handed her the shampoo and told her to wash her hair and blow-dry it. When your
done kneel out in the middle of the hallway on the towel I left there for you
until I come for you. Do not touch this pussy, my pussy, do not dry yourself
just wait for me.  I went into the other room and released Candy of her
restraints but left her tormentor in place buzzing away as I kissed her and she
responded, eager and hot much better than before.  Shower! I commanded and she
got up and stood trying to walk without even trying to remove the plastic cock
that was still racking her body but she moved slowly until I stopped her and
kissed her again and pulled the menace from her, I shut it off and tossed it on
the bed.

  I told her quietly to get cleaned up, she smiled and moved past Sandy and into
the bathroom and left the door open, (modesty is an undesirable quality in a
slave).

  I looked at Sandy and I noticed she was completely dry and the towel that she
was kneeling on was heavily used and not fresh and smooth, as it was when I set
it down for her. I wanted to dry her myself, to enjoy her torments, being denied
my pleasures and the disobedient cunt before me a new route became necessary,
Obedience training and the reinforcement of my words intent.

  I grabbed her collar and tossed it in front of her. She picked it up and
placed it around her neck with the leash attached. I walked into the bedroom and
picked up a pair of leather cuffs and threw them in front of her as well. Those
two she placed upon her wrists. I went behind her and fastened her cuffs
together and tested them, a new habit I guess...

  I walked around in front of her and I took the leash. I tugged and she came up
in front of me, I kept it taught and pulled her to follow me into the bedroom. I
continued to keep the lead taught making her stand on her toes again as I
brought her face within inches of mine. "Sandy" you've been a bad girl, I said
softly to her and began to cite how she disobeyed me and then I asked her what
else she did when she was out of my sight.

  She proceeded to turn red not knowing if I had been watching her. "Sorry" she
said. Again softly I spoke and told her of my disappointment and clipped the
leash from her collar and wrapped it 3 times around her legs and clipped the
ends together.

  I took hold of her cuffs and lifted them and she, to relieve the pressure bent
forward in the middle as I commanded her to kneel, she found herself face down
on the bed, knees on the floor, beautiful ass in the air.

  My right hand came down gently to caress her sweet ass and then suddenly
making abrupt contact with her ass, spanking it hard. Her pleas and cries
muffled in the covers as I continued to spank her, I was on count, thirty,
thirty-five as I began to notice the glow of her cheeks and moved my attention
to the lower part of her cheeks toward her thighs. I continued until both cheeks
were completely reddened and warm to my touch when I finally stopped and removed
the leash from around her legs.

  I did notice when I caressed her ass she was spreading her legs to allow me
better access to her pussy. Was it my programming or was she just hot and up for
the attention?

  I pulled her up and saw the tears in her eyes. I couldn't help but want to
kiss her as vulnerable and sweet as she looked, so I did, and to my surprise she
was very eager to reply, she moaned into my mouth when I found her nipple and
squeezed it and when tugged on it she drove her tongue further encouraging me
even more as I let my hand drift downward gently skimming her skin. Her response
got more desperate, moaning and begging into our kiss, sensing her needs and
want for more. I abruptly stopped and peaked her frustrations and told her to go
downstairs and kneel before the old leather couch. I watched the look on her
face, disappointment was apparent, but I also saw hope as she looked up at me,
then glanced down at my cock as she passed by me down the stairs.




Chapter 8

   Candy emerged from the bathroom as Sandy's red ass started to make its way
down the stairs. I called Sandy back to me as I took Candy's chin in my hand and
forced her to look up at me as my other hand wander her form, touching her ever
so lightly.  I want Sandy's cunt shaved bare, take care of it!  When they
reemerged from the bath I glanced at my balled bitch, complemented her and sent
her on her way down the stairs.

   I took Candy's hand and led her to the bedroom and there I held up a collar
for her. She moved forward into the collar, accepting it and her fate as I
buckled it behind her. Next came the cuffs and as I held up one she would hold
out her wrist to me, her gestures asking to be enslaved, to be bound and
controlled by me. I clipped a leash to her collar and led her to the bathroom
where I took a towel and wrapped it around myself to conceal the frequent
stirrings I was experiencing, after all I'm only human and I didn't want to be
as apparent to "My Ladies" for the moment. I also realized that this action
would make them feel their nudity even more by concealing myself and denying
them the opportunity.

  Down the stairs we made our way and I made Candice kneel next to Sandy as I
took my place on the couch ignoring them for the TV remote. I did interject that
it was improper for a slave to sit back on her thighs and punishment would ensue
if they were unable to follow directions. As I flipped through the channels I
discovered prim and proper choices, choices of purity totally void of what I
wanted to see. With that I said to Candice, without looking at her. "Candice",
Tuesday I want you to call the cable company and get a variety of Hardcore smut
available from this box.  Her reply was a swift "Yes Sir".  It was difficult to
not smile... I heard the garage door and a few moments later Missy appeared,
nude with lunch and beer. I got a large bottle of "Fruity Wine" and a straw from
the kitchen and saw Missy's clothes thrown about. She must have been eager to
get back to the party, she even had her collar on.

  I had her sit in front of the girls and had her feed them the chicken fingers
and fries slowly. I instructed them to chew their food completely just like
"Mom" used to when they were little. She held up the wine bottle and each sipped
a little as I went upstairs to search and rummaged through the dressers some
more. A girls drawers are a very private thing (Both of them), she hides her
secret wants and desires out of sight hoping someone will make her dreams come
true...

  Although I didn't find what I was after, I did come across some black fish net
stockings and black garters. That gave me an Idea; I hunted some more and found
a pair of black 3" heels. I gathered up my booty, stuffed it inside the shoes
and went back down stairs where the girls were finishing up and getting a little
giddy. I dropped the shoes between the girls, this startled them and they looked
at me somewhat perplexed. I uncuffed both girls and took a seat next to Missy.

  I gathered my thoughts to convey to them without a doubt and if necessary
forcefully what they will do and how they will act in the future towards the one
I had chosen to lead them, to guide them, to obey her as they do me and to obey
unequivocally without question.

  "Ladies", I have decided to declare Missy your Mistress. I expect you to obey
her completely as you do me. Question her and I will punish you, disobey and my
whip will make you wish you hadn't. They looked confused as Missy looked at me
but remained quiet.  "Ladies" within these shoes are the garments your Mistress
will wear declaring herself to you, you will make yourself useful and bathe,
then dress "My Lady" each and every day from this day on. They each took a shoe
and pulled out the stocking and black garter and I lifted Missy's knee to allow
Candice to slide the stocking on to mid thigh followed by the garter. Sandy did
the same for the other leg and then came the shoes. I got up and refastened the
girl's cuffs behind them once again as I asked Missy to model for us, she moved
to the center of the room and twirled. She took on kind of an "Elvira" kind of
appearance from the Dark hair on her head, to the tiny patch just above her
pussy. Down to the garters stockings and shoes.

   I got up and kissed her and she kissed me back. "Missy" make an appointment
at the hairdressers and get a haircut, I'd like your hair cut short very short.
And my slaves will let their hair grow long and keep their cunts balled, making
sure they all heard me. I whispered to Missy that we'd talk later and that I
wanted her to play along. Her response was to smile at me, and I knew she would.
I took her hand and returned to watch TV on the couch with the girls kneeling
before us. Missy fed me some lunch from the bucket of chicken as I broke open a
beer and gazed around truly appreciative of the world, 3 lovely women next to
me, naked, ready to obey my every wish, football on TV and a beer in hand. What
could be better that that? Well something did come to mind...

  "Missy my sweet" she looked up and kissed me gently as I took her hand and
placed it against the towel covering my cock and it grew from the warmth of her
hand and the devious thoughts raging through my mind.  Master, She said, I
wonder which of our lovely ladies here is the better cocksucker?  And I replied
with a great big smile, that's something we should discover. You know Sir these
two have always been a little competitive so with your blessing we should let
them compete, she said with a slight giggle hinting her playfulness, as I gave
her the nod.

  With a stern look on her face she grasped my cock through the towel, outlining
it and holding my semi-ridged member in her hand she smiled brightly and said;
"Ladies" I need your full attention, come closer and place your chin here on
your Masters knee, come on now show some interest she said mockingly. She
enjoyed the role and Missy added "First ladies the towel has to go, so take your
teeth and gently separate the towel and expose your cock! As the two of them
tugged and pulled the towel off me my cock couldn't stand the torment, yet Missy
had some thoughts on this herself as she too moved closer to where the girls
faces were. Again Missy instructed them "First Ladies" you should move in close
and as she was saying this I felt her breath on the head of my cock. "Then
Ladies" a wet sloppy kiss is in order and a hint of what is to come, "Observe
she said" as she demonstrated by ever so slowly only taking the head in her
mouth and flicking her tongue through the slit at the top of the head as she
backed away smiling.

  Missy looked at Candice and pointed at my cock and said "Its like follow the
leader girls, its yours for 5 seconds and then it's the next girls turn and we
will alternate the order, I'll show you and you follow, but do your best to
improve on my technique and to make sure you try real hard girls, the winner
gets a mouth full and the looser gets the crop! Wow, I thought to myself, had I
created a monster? 

  Missy caressed my nipple and scratched my chest gently as she moved upward to
kiss me, her timing was impeccable, because as Candy swallowed the head of my
cock as Missy's tongue drove into my mouth as I moaned and lost complete
interest in the TV. Missy continue her driving assault on my mouth as I assume
Sandy took her turn, I could tell the difference in style, Missy having
experience, Candice being unsure but trying and Sandy's approach being sloppy,
uncertain with the lollypop approach. Missy broke our kiss to watch Sandy and
declare the next round.  "Ladies" You must apply yourself, observe she said as
she began to swallow my cock completely now all the way to the root and she
hummed at the deepest part of the stroke, it took everything I had to hold onto
my load.

   Then it was Sandy's turn and she tried but couldn't get down my shaft, her
gag reflex wasn't allowing it. Missy interjected "Practice Girl" it takes lots
of practice as she pulled her off my cock by her ponytail fearing what was too
come as Missy told Candice to go get her reward, pointing at my rigid cock.
Candice closed her eyes and worked my cock ever so slowly deeper and deeper,
when she finally got into it, she was dam good at her new task, it would be
difficult for me to choose between Missy and Candice's skill level. I was
drifting towards climax building ever closer when I notice what was going on.

   Missy found the crop on the back of the couch and when she pulled Sandy off
of me by her Tail, Missy rerouted her face directly into her cunt as she raised
and spread her knees for my benefit and sensing Sandy hesitance to eagerly dive
into her pussy she simply used the shock value of the crop to supply a stinging
blow across her ass, with a 'Crackkk' making her dive forward into her crotch.
That was about when I came and came shooting down the back of her throat, some
from the sight before me and some from the sensations Candy's mouth was
supplying my cock. But I continued to watch Missy swat Sandy's ass again
'Craaackkk' for trying to back away from her pussy as Missy reinforced her
thoughts verbally to Sandy in a whisper "A eager and driving tongue Makes the
pain go away little girl" emphasizing her wishes with another 'Craaackkk' to
Sandy's ass, after which Missy dropped the crop and grasped my hand as she came
too and Sandy back away back to her position in wait. Candy was gently playing,
nibbling, sucking and toying and tonguing from my nut's to my cock head ever so
playfully, eager to make more contact.

    When Missy recovered from her experience she quickly latched onto the crop
again and with the other hand grabbed Sandy by her tail and made eye contact
with her as she said.  "You need a lot of practice little girl" as she pointed
at Candy's crotch with the crop, Missy uncuffed her and set a new task for her
"On your back and lock those lips on that cunt" and you better learn discover a
new enthusiasm for your task! As she emphasized her words with a 'Craaackkk' to
Sandy's ass, as she scooted under Candy's ass, Her nose plowing the furrow
through her sex, making Candice gasp. Candice quickly adjusted herself to allow
the intruder more access as she felt the Sandy's clumsy attempt. Candice settled
herself over Sandy's mouth making her focus in on the target she wanted licked
all the while licking the cock before her.

    I felt a new commotion, and to my surprise Missy had joined her old friend
at the head of my cock. Each turning her head sideways and encompassing half my
shaft. With their lips touching in the middle as they slowly slid upwards
tonguing every step of the way past the head of my cock to lock lips just above
my cock in a moment of passion.  Missy's kneeling position on the couch made it
easy for me to trap a nipple and squeeze it gently, as to inquire my impending
need.

  My cock was rising once again. She broke her kiss and turned her head chuckled
and kissed the head of my cock and reassured me as she made room for Candice and
her to alternate torments back and forth between them, my cock being the
recipient, stimulating, yet tantalizingly slow, so soft and tenderly they
proceeded as if to try and replicate the gentleness of the wings of a butterfly
caressing the air until I couldn't stand it any longer.

  They were driving me crazy. My cock stood up stiff, hard and ready to burst
for near an hour, yet an element failed. Enough contact to bring it OFF. Mind
you this entire time Sandy was locked onto Candy's cunt, lapping invigoratingly
to prevent another bite of the crop from Missy. Focusing in on the sounds
brought a new sense of urgency on my part to relieve the pressure, which was now
bordering on discomfort.  As I looked around me and not wanting to stop the
proceedings I swiftly brought the flat of my palm down on Missy's ass as briskly
as possible for this angle and position for my reach. Contact was effective, she
must have just changed places with Candice because a moan in protest was felt
through my rolled up foreskin as she doubled and tripled her efforts and tongue
pressure to grant me my request.

   As I built towards climax she pulled away giving Candice in waiting a facial
splattering up her nose and over to her eyebrow and forehead which ricochet and
hit Missy chest as the second "jet" of greater magnitude, volume and being
multidirectional splattered over the both of them as the third stream went up my
chest and some hit the ceiling just to have it fall back down on and land
Missy's back.

  The girls giggled amused with the scene as I in mock anger and low tone
demanded "Girls you have a mess to clean up" and they sprang to their task to
clean me with their tongues and then to lick themselves clean leaving Sandy to
fend for herself. Which it seems she had been playing with herself the entire
time.

  When it became apparent to Missy what Sandy was and that she had zoned out and
continued frigg herself in sheer abandonment. Missy quietly snuck up on the
Bitch and latched onto her tail as her eyes jerked open in astonishment of her
surroundings as she continued to work on her snatch unwilling to stop at her
Mistress command. Sandy seeking the moment that Missy was unwilling to give her
until she earned it. Missy flipped her over and re-cuffed Sandy's hands behind
her, foiling her pleasure and slapping her ass hard, calling her a "Bitch" as
Sandy whimpered and cried in her frustration. 

  Missy looked at me and asked "Sir may I have the pleasure of reprimanding this
Bitch for you?" to which my response was "A Smile and a Nod".

  Missy uncuffed Candice and sent her on a quest to the garage for some 2" wide
packaging straps as Missy rearranged the coffee so it was centered with the
couch but with the narrow end in front of the couch. Missy tossed two cushions
off the love seat on top of the table and smacked Sandy on the ass hard again
and said "Up Bitch". Now there was no was she could get up without the use of
her hands and Sandy knew this as she helped her roll to one side and then helped
her to her feet and in the same swooping motion forced her to sit on the cushion
lined coffee table. Sandy had an uncertain look on her face as Missy told her to
lay down on the table.

 I began to see, her plan began to unfold before my eyes as the cushions made
things more comfortable for Sandy hands, otherwise the cuffs would had really
hurt her against the wood table top. Missy made her scoot about some more until
she was satisfied with her placement. The cushions now covered the table and her
butt was almost off the other end of the 36 inch table and her head was furthest
away from the couch.

  Candice came back with the straps and Missy quickly tossed one strap across
Sandy's ribcage just under her breasts and wrapped the strap 3 times around her
and fixing the end into the ratchet as she tightened down the strap and Sandy
both making Sandy and the table one mass. Next Missy took another strap and
placed a single strap across her forehead and started to ratchet it down against
Sandy's protest but it was too late she was like nailed down to the table and
totally immobile except for her lower half that was supported by the second
cushion.

  Missy smile at me and then sternly commanded Candice to kneel at my feet and
she complied as Missy sat down besides me and I watched Sandy and stroked
Candy's hair as she sat next to me.

  Missy began to toy with Sandy and asked her questions that were part of her
training tapes, but under the circumstances she must have been confused, So when
Missy asked Sandy in her little girl voice "Sandy aren't good girls supposed to
keep their knees parted for their master?" And just then she opens her legs for
us all to see and as she realized that she was the main attraction  she closed
them again. And that started the first swat of the crop and with a loud
'Craaackkk' followed by a shriek and then Sandy's legs flew open again.

   Missy thanked her and praised her with her condescending little girl tone of
voice "Good Girl" and then she began to tap and bounce the two inch wide
business end of the crop gently against her pussy and she grimaced and contorted
her face as Missy continued to taunt her. You know your Master doesn't like a
lot of noise so try and control yourself or I shall get a gag for the little
Bitch?

  She continued in the same voice and said, you know Sandy I know you can spread
your legs further than that, don't you want to show your Master what a really
good little girl you can be for him? As she slowed the pace of her tapping with
the crop but raised the crop high enough for us to see her pussy completely now
as she tried to spread herself. And yet with each tap she closed up just
slightly which caused Missy to strike her inner thigh harder pushing her to
spread herself more and then taping her pussy once again. Causing the reflex
action and she'd close up a bit and Missy would hit the other thigh harder
alternating all the time tapping her pussy and swatting her thighs and making
her whimper.

  After about 15 minutes of this Sandy began to moan more and whimper less and
her legs seemed to be spreading even more as Missy continued to praise "Her Good
Girl" and the tapping on her pussy quickened but the intensity stayed the same.
I couldn't believe how wide she forced her legs open o except the blows but it
seamed she wanted her clit swatted and she was moaning and beginning to beg her
Mistress "Mistress Please, beat my cunt, more Please, please more, harder
please" Oh "Please Mistress, more Please". As she started grunting and then
Sandy started begging us to let her cum, over and over, until Missy looked at me
and said "Now Bitch CUM for your Master". As she thrust her cunt up into the
blows and Missy increased the pace even faster and Sandy fought into her bonds
and screamed at her moment of ecstasy finally permitted.

  Missy examined this wild hot bitch before us and ran her hand across her
sloppy wide open cunt and Sandy thrust her cunt up for her again as Missy closed
her fingers together tightly, curved them slightly and slid her fingers against
the side of her opening. Sandy kept pushing upward and when Sandy's ass went
down. Missy's hand would follow. Once down, Missy would hold her ground as Sandy
rose again. Sandy began to impale herself and as her butt went down Missy's hand
would follow. This was happening so fast, all right before my eyes and then
Missy's hand was gone and next as Missy clenched her fist she sank up Sandy's
cunt completely all the way to the forearm. As Sandy hissed through her teeth
"YYYeeeessss!!" and again "Yes Mistress Fuck me hard please!" "Oh Yes was the
last we heard as she humped herself against what had now become Missy's fist
deep inside her at a blinding tempo. While Missy's other hand went to Sandy's
right nipple, twisting it as she gasped with her mouth open but no sound came
out. I smacked Candy gently on the back of her head and pointed to Sandy. This
was all she needed to join in along with Missy. Candice latched onto the other
nipple with one hand and sought out Sandy's clit with her other hand. Watching
Sandy response was amazing, it was almost like she racked brain had no words for
what she was experiencing but the relief of all the bottled up lust released in
one flood of pure emotion, exhausting her completely as she came one more time
as her teeth chattered and small squeaks emerged form her lips.

 I snapped my fingers and called Candice back to my side and began to stroke
Candy's hair as she rested from the spectal before our eyes came to ebb.
Followed by the he slurping sound made by Missy's hand as it left Sandy's womb
brought us both back to the moment and that was followed by a long sigh by Sandy
herself. A sigh of relief, contentment and gratification, seldom is one so much
at peace.

  I carried Sandy's exhausted sleeping form upstairs, since it was almost 9:00
PM Sunday night, good thing Monday is a holiday I thought to myself as I laid
Sandy to rest at the edge of the king size bed in the large bedroom. I went to
the bathroom and started the water for my shower as Missy walked up behind me
and asked. "Master what are your wishes?"  And I responded by saying, "Have
Candice clean up and lock up down stairs, and tell her to Hustle. Then you may
come back here and wash my back for me".




Chapter 9            

  I began lathering up and preparing to shave as the shower curtain opened up
and Missy returned and took the razor from my hand and shaved me. She kissed me
when she finished and got lather all over her face, she looked funny with spots
of shaving cream on her nose and cheeks. I rinsed my face and got wet as to
accept the lather she prepared on the washcloth. She soaped me down with small
circular motions while being attentive and gentle. Soon every inch of the back
of my body, including my legs was covered in a bubbly mass so I turned to rinse
and present her with my front. Which had taken on new proportions due to her
handy work. 

  My cock stood out and she ignored it and washed my arms and chest along with
the front of my legs. Missy discarded the washcloth and lathered up her hands as
she started to kneel before me. She gently grasped my testicles which had
receded upwards somewhat as they got taught due to the strain of my erection and
the foreskin completely disappeared due to the length of the extension of my
cock. Missy came to rest on her knees. She lathered with her now slick, and
slippery fingers in an agonizingly slow circular methodical rhythm, covering the
same ground many times over and alternating between the use of her finger nails
and the flats of her fingers and lastly the smooth palm of her hand to cover the
distance from my rectum around my "testicles" to the base of my cock. The
sensations of her smooth palm with slight pressure traveling backwards towards
my crack and the allowing the flats her fingers to touch as her hand slid ever
so slowly backwards until her index finger came to rest directly on my Anus and
the forward motion began curling each of her fingers slowly towards making a
fist and allowing her nails to scrape one digit at time and each finger taking
almost 10 agonizing seconds to travel the distance scraping out a new route each
time, taunting the nerve ends and making me harder.

  Missy smiled up at me as she again lathered her fingers and took hold of the
base of my cock. Her small hand barely made it all the way around the base as
she placed her other hand above the first and began an upward motion simulating
the grasp of a slick pussy as her hands moved upward to the head of my cock. To
this motion Missy added rotation and counter rotation nearly a half turn with
just enough pressure to spread the soap over my cock all the way to the top of
the silt in the head and then back again reversing the process.

  As she got up near the head the second time, she added slightly more pressure
to bring the foreskin up to cover the head and wash the tiny rippling folds that
occur as the skin like a turtle neck extends and recedes. She looked at my cock
and said in a horse voice " Sir, I love your cock, I love the way the skin folds
and the sensations and pleasures it gave my clit when you allowed me to ride it"
as she placed her lips to the soapy cock head. I raised her chin and had her
look up at me. I saw a dreamy look in her eye and I picked her up and kissed
her. I rinsed and told her don't be long as I exited the shower. Candice was
coming up the stairs, I smiled at her as I dried myself and told her to get in
the shower. I said "I'll be in here when you get done. Pointing at the Master
bedroom. I lay next to Sandy and rolled over to kiss her forehead, she was out.

  In a few minutes both the girls came in the bedroom bouncing and giggling, I
held out my outstretched arms to them, welcoming them to me. Candice came up
from the base of the bed to my right and Missy to my left, we cuddled and held
each other close as Candice sought out my lips and kissed me passionately and
Missy wrapped her lips around my cock as she passionately tormented my soul.
Several minutes later the silence was broken as Missy simply asked. "Master may
I?"  Come on, I softly replied as she once again got on top and I guided her
hips to mount my member and after six deep plunging strokes later she came and
collapsed on my chest. I kissed her gently and lifted her next to me and held
her tightly in my arms. I smacked the butt to my right. Candice I said, get on!
I said and finish what Missy started.  Candy mounted my cock with great care; I
thought so's not to hurt me. This was my first sampling of her treasures and she
was totally different then Missy's worldlier approach. This young lady had the
tightest pussy I had ever experienced; it was like being embraced by the "Jaws
of Life".

  Candice slid down slowly, but having mastered only 2 inches of cock in 5
minutes time, her pace was far to slow for my urgent needs and I spurred her on
by smacking her ass quickly and she grunted and screwed herself onto my cock
with renewed vigor. Then stopped at the bottom of the stroke to balance and
adjust herself.

  I, grasping Candy's nipple and continually lifting it, got her to ablidge my
needs and she moved upwards, with a small noise of discomfort. With some
additional verbal urging telling her to "Work It!" She began but she too stopped
again after 20 or so strokes as she experienced a very strong cum. And I hung on
the verge and in final frustration uttered the words "Again Candy go Again!" She
tried but couldn't so I rolled her with me end for end, got her on her back as I
plowed her furrow. Sweat running off of me, I had to, needed to, and she gasped
below me, as I hit bottom on each stroke, and then her ass began to fuck me
back. Giving as good as she got. Until we almost hit the same fever pitch as we
emitted a nasal pitch hummm and we came together and I collapsed and she sought
out my lips and we kissed. For each jerk my cock made and shot my seed deep
within her she responded by clamping that cunt down. As to say "Thank You
Master" while our tongues had a mind of there own. We drifted off to sleep with
me embedded deep inside her, each of us grateful the other was there.

  In the morning I awoke to a tangled web of arms and legs, cunts and tits
everywhere I looked. I touched and felt, grasped and tasted. For a moment I knew
I had discovered heaven. Had I died and gone to heaven! No, why then did my
blatter strain so hard. WOW did I ever have to take a piss. I emerged from the
tangled mass, grasping sheer enjoyment everywhere I touched making my way to the
bathroom. Then finding relief draining my blatter. I jumped in the shower
washing off the remnances from the night before, I grabbed a tooth brush off the
counter and paste and scrubbed my teeth and tongue, washed my hair and toweled
off lightly and returned to the sight before me.

  I pulled up a chair and just watched them sleep and snuggle amongst each other
like kittens or young puppies in a littler enjoying each other's warmth and
comfort. Except for Sandy, her hands were buried deep in her snatch again!!
"flick'n her bic" 90 miles an hour, this cunt even got herself off in her sleep.
I was going to have to do something about that, I really didn't want her cuffed
all day long, I wondered how many times she went to the bathroom during the day
to get off... That's a question for Candice to answer when I start my
"inquisition of Sandy" later on today, I thought to myself, perhaps I need to
make another tape, encompassing all the changes, with Missy's new role, as I was
getting a clearer picture of how I wanted things to be.




Chapter 10   

  At 6:15 am on a Monday morning the sun began to send its beams of light
through the lacy drapes behind the bed in the Master's bedroom as light
refracted in the minuscule dust particles above the bed where my ladies were all
snuggled up in their dreamy state. They're aware, but they don't want to get up.
As I watched and listen to the sounds they made and occasionally one snored ever
so daintily. I was amused, as I went downstairs and put on a pot of coffee and
turned on the stereo softly to a soft rock station. I set it loud enough for it
to be heard through the house as the aroma of fresh brewed coffee made its way
up the stairs following me as I took up my spot on my chair and watched them
wake up.

  Missy crawled out of bed first and got to her knees before me and with eyes
lowered clasped her hands behind her and a faint smile said, "Morning Master,
how may I serve you Sir?" I raised her chin to look at her in silence, please
that although I elevated her position over the girls, it did not go to her head,
she saw herself as my slave eternally, and for that I was grateful although I
never said a word to her she knew her place as I moved to kiss her lips, she
said, Please Sir, may I brush my teeth first? I stroked her breast and nipple
and she waited for me to conclude and wait for an answer. "Missy go and do what
you have to".  Candice began to stir, unsure of herself she too came towards me
and knelt, I stroked her hair and touched her breasts and caressed and tugged at
her nipples, twisting them gently and making them stand out and then I told her
to get cleaned up and get ready to get Sandy's stuff and move her in for the
time being.

  Candice responded by simply saying "Thank you Sir" as she moved off and headed
for the bathroom. I stopped her and asked her about Sandy. What are her work
habits were like? Candice praised her. So I asked how trustworthy she was? Again
she thought highly of her. So I asked if she took long breaks or spent a lot of
time in the bathroom? Candice started to answer and looked up to see Sandy in
bed a sleep, stimulating herself as we both watched her getting off. Candice
continued, she goes to the bathroom often as her eyes remained locked on Sandy's
form slowly approaching the moment of satisfaction. I looked at Candice and
asked her, Shall we wake her? She simply replied, "If you wish Sir" and I
answered "Yes I wish!"



  Candice woke Sandy by pulling the few covers she had on her off and taking her
arms and pinning them, the same arm that brought her pleasure was now jarred
loose from it's mission as she opened her eyes.  Sandy wore the leather cuffs
from the night before and I instructed Candice to cuff her hands behind her.
Sandy seemed perplexed but before she could think to react it was over. Sandy
swung her legs out from the bed and I seized them and pull a spreader bar from
under the bed and strapped her ankles to the bar. I made her stand and turn
towards the bed as I clipped her leash in place and wrapped it around the
spreader bar pulling her head down towards her ankles. This also made her
unsteady to balance so I simply pulled her pillow over to where her head was, so
she could support herself.  Candice go tend to your Mistress! As she saw the
spectacle before her with Sandy being completely exposed as she left the room.

   Sandy, my sweet and innocent angel, your wild and rebellious actions truly
amuse me. I believe it is a cute diversion to test someone's patients, however I
didn't realize you would be so willing to push your boundaries, to test me or if
I am serious?  I guess it's Ok if you're willing to live with the consequences
and a red ass that you're going to get now.  

   On your instructional tapes you were introduced to the house rules, and the
more advanced concepts of what I expect of you and what I will allow, one of
those concepts or "Rules" if you like, is that the pussy between your legs is
mine, you may keep it between your legs for me; you will keep it clean and fresh
for me. Any other action you take you will have permission for regarding this
pussy, as I slipped a finger inside to find it very wet, I think she was getting
turned on by all this as I removed the finger and smacked her ass very hard, I
could see my finger prints and the outline of my hand distinctly on her butt.
That's about when it registered to her brain and she yelped and balled like a
baby and began to babble how sorry she was just about the time the second
smack..!!! to her butt occurred. Reinforced by a command by me "QUIET!". She
stomped her feet and balled even louder as I continued having my talk with her,
I began to explain.  I hope this will remind you in the future what can happen
if you try too hard to test my patience! Smack....!!!

   Your Mistress and I can teach you lovingly and include bondage, blindfolds
perhaps some minor torments, hot wax, ice cubes, tickling, erotic spankings
where I may bind your hands behind you, take you across my knee, spank you
erotically, lightly, rub your body or with a smooth touch or tickle seek out
your clit and take you so close to heaven Sandy, so many times to teach you, to
test your resolve and patients, then to simply seek out your nipples and tug
them gently, twist them and alternate tugging and twisting. Smack....!! Always
remember your cunt isn't yours it belongs to me and when you earn an orgasm or a
reward, my hand will grant them. Smack....!!! Remember the basics. Smack...!!
One, with you kneeling, hands behind your back, and if instructed supporting
your breasts. Smack...!! Two, standing for examination at a chair, legs spread
widely arms folded and resting on the back of the chair, forehead against your
fore arms, breasts swinging freely. Smack...!! Three, Standing with her hands
behind your back. Smack..!!! Four, on your back, hands grasping your ankles,
knees wide. Basic's, learn to do as your told, if something touches your lips,
Smack..!!!. Be inquisitive, investigate, kiss and then open your mouth and
investigate with your tongue, Smack..!!!. Stick out your tongue and accept the
gift that is bestow upon you, or in some cases lick to receive your rewards. I
delivered the final Smack..!! How many Smacks Sandy? 12 Sir, she announced
reluctantly between sobs. I just said "Good".

  When your good I will reward you. A "good girl" may find herself with a rich
creamy but tiny piece of chocolate melting on her tongue, or a sensual kiss, or
a cock, perhaps a sip of wine or a touch of ice cream, but then that could be a
torment as well, An icy swirling kiss to your nipples when one has a portion of
Ice cream in their mouth the sensations can be an exquisite torment. The brain
seems to get confused between hot and cold, but the response is delightful. This
works well on the clit too...  I rubbed and tickled her ass gently. I saw Missy
out of the corner of my eye enjoying every move I was making. So I continued
"Sandy you will learn I am a stickler for obedience, second only that I insist
you learn to kiss properly. I expect that my bitches learn to put emotions into
their kisses, heart, soul, tongue, devouring, needy, begging, fuck me stupid
kisses! There is only one kiss! It's consumed with passion and telegraphs that
message to your Master or Mistress absolutely unmistakably and passionately. 



  Or I can motivate you to learn to be eager and thrust yourself completely into
your training; a peck on the cheek is absolutely unacceptable. The Training and
refreshers are the same. Lets see if you can motivate yourself, "I Said" You
exactly what's expected of you. I released her leash from her spreader bar,
removed the bar, but left her hands bound behind her. I took a vibrator set it
on high and inserted it gently into her pussy. A vibrating butt plug made its
way home next, sort of an incentive, I took a strap and tied her knees together,
while on her back in bed, She was having a jumpy kind of day, after the toys
were all running on high. So my lovely we will practice until you get it right,
you may beg, scream, cum, whatever, but kiss you will, until you get it right
and show passion, devotion, need and desire, should you forget what I require,
we can practice some more, but soon you will kiss like a bitch possessed "Our
Loving and Tender Bitch" and for that you can collect your rewards.



  Sandy thrashed in the throws of her of her release as I placed my lips upon
hers and she responded with a tidal wave of emotions as she kissed and came
moaning into my mouth as the continued bliss swept over her. After 10 minutes I
shut down her tormentors and released her and sent her to shower and join
Candy....

  Missy who had been watching from the door way, had a strange look in her eye
as Sandy left the room; she kissed me the same way as the kiss I described to
Sandy, driving every bit of passion she had within her into the kiss and I
enjoyed and allowed her to continue for almost fifteen minutes. That's when I
reached down and touched her pussy and felt and touched, to see her state. She
was beyond ready as I backed away and held 4 fingers up towards her she laid
down on the bed grasped her ankles and spread herself wide for me as I left the
room to give the girls final instructions as to there duties for that day to get
Sandy moved in.

  I took two blouses and 2 mini skirts and handed them to the girls as I turned
and returned to the bedroom, I left the door open intentionally as I thought to
myself these two were going to look like cheap hookers in their get up's.  I
gazed to the lovely form waiting for me. I mounted her and sank my cock so very
deep into Missy's open cunt and she eagerly fucked me and locked her lips
against mine again and thrust her tongue against mine as she gasped and moaned
into my mouth and wrapped her legs around me as we came together we rolled
around the bed in heaven together kissing and giggling like a couple of school
kids until we came and uncoupled.

   I ended up on my back, that too was intentional, I wanted to see what she
would do, she kissed me and we tangled tongues, she was driving with the same
force as before, well I thought at least my talk did some good, (I spied the
girls going downstairs as they looked in on us and went on their way.) as Missy
slowly moved herself downward and eventually captured my cock between her lips
and devoured my cock with the same vengeance now as she exhibited in all her
kisses. I teasingly stroked her hair asked her if she knew a hairdresser to cut
her hair short for me. She continued her task to completion and was quite
pleased with herself when she answered, "Yes Sir". Missy picked up the phone and
made a call, she asked me if she could go now to get her hair done and I smiled
and just said "Go on".. She bounced off the bed and move to the closet and held
out several tops. I choose a white knit one and a Brown knee length skirt for
her finishing off with anklets and sneakers. She went to the underwear drawer
and open it to discover they were all gone, no panties, not a one! She looked at
me as I sat and smiled at her, but she didn't question, she simply got dressed
and came to kiss me goodbye with that fuck me stupid kiss waiting for me to
break our kiss, and as she backed away she returned for another kiss, more
passionate then the last and when I broke off that kiss she said Bye and headed
out the door.




Chapter 11  *****

  Candice picked up some boxes at the store and went to Sandy's and packed her
up and moved her in with us, tomorrow their regular work day would start. She
left a lengthy note for her aunt that she was staying with, thanking her and
explaining that she had found a place to stay and leaving the phone number where
she could be reached with us.

  I went to the local sex shop and picked up two adjustable chastity belts and a
couple of new clever devices I saw. I saw a couple that I knew I could reproduce
myself.

  I went to my place that I had to vacate for my lovely "X" to now move into and
packed up the stuff I needed, stereo, TV and VCR, cameras, clothes and I was off
with a bunch more boxes including them from the job change. I backed in the
drive and stopped off the side of the garage door and down the basement went the
boxes. Were I set up what I needed to make more tapes and the rest of the boxes
went into the corner, the boxes of clothes went up stairs to the Master Bedroom
and I set them in the corner for now. 

  Thinking through what all needed to be done I began to setup another set of
tapes, one for each of my ladies detailing their tasks and responsibilities from
cleaning to laundry threw cooking to yard work. Quite pleased with the new
domestic skills I was going to instill and assign along with the desire to
perform these tasks.

  I had decided to allow the girls to wear bras but panties were not to be part
of their wardrobe. Pants would also soon be phased out. Allowing them dresses
and a variety of skirts tops and blouses. To my liking and very feminine and
lady like.

   Missy arrived home first with her new Doo, spinning happily on her heels to
show me as she openly embraced me in the drive as I was taking things from the
Car. She grabbed a Box to help me and when she bent over I touched the inside of
her knee and she froze in place as I felt for what I owned completely, she was
quiet and accommodating to my explorations even when my fingers penetrated her
sex she braced herself and never said or did anything other that accepting her
fate. I was Quite Pleased with her and I told her so right then and there as I
removed my hand and allowed her to continue.

  Missy and I went to lunch, hey she deserved it and I took her to a
neighborhood Italian place and we enjoyed the meal and each other's company. We
had a long discussion about where things were going with all of us; Missy
suggested that perhaps we should look for a bigger place, that we were
outgrowing our residence. I told her that she could look for a place, but not to
be in too much of a hurry. I did push her buttons by reminding her that she had
better have the satellite service improved to entertain me before Friday or her
ass would be paying a serious debt, 3 swats with a paddle, the old fashion high
school type, 2 feet long, 6 inches wide and a 3/4 inch thick, with 3/8 holes
scattered through to improve the resistance.

  She knew and had already seen the paddle, She simply said, "As you wish Sir"
willing to accept her fate.

  We returned home as the girls were pulling into the garage. I had them come
inside and lift their skirts, face and brace themselves against the wall and had
them stand spread legged as I produced the chastity belts and gave one to Missy
to install it on Candice while I adjusted the other snugly on Sandy and inserted
a butt plug into Sandy's ass. She wasn't too keen on the special treatment but
refrained from getting into more trouble. I had them unload the car and Missy
start dinner while I relaxed and watched the news. Missy brought me a beer and
went back to work in the kitchen.

  After supper I had Missy help separated the girls, strung them back up in the
basement from the hooks with blindfolds. I triggered their suggestive state by
saying "My Fluffy Bitch". And when they went under deeply replaced the tape with
the new instructions and Missy and I watched TV as she spoon fed me a small
bowel of ice cream and we sipped our wine. Before bed I went down and brought
them back from their state and allowed them to perform their duties before
bedtime.

   The next morning when the alarm went off at 5:00 AM they were all on their
knees waiting for my command to begin their day and all were off to their
assignment. I went to the office and went about my daily routine and looked
forward to that evening.

   Friday late, I flipped through the channels, searching for the entertainment
I had instructed Missy to have installed and had discovered she had failed me.
Perhaps the time line I set was unrealistic and or the cable guy screwed up or a
ton of other things could have gone wrong. I didn't want to paddle Missy, now I
wished I had given her more time. But how much did the girls know of the fate I
had promised her and what would be the out come if I didn't follow through and
keep my word? Sometimes you have to do things you don't want to do, this is
something I had hammered into the girls over and over and now I find myself in
this very position.

   I summoned the girls down the basement, they knelt before me and I reminded
Missy of her failube and had her stretch herself over a padded wooden horse. I
attached her ankles to one side spread and her wrists to the other, so her body
was stretched taught over the horse. Her ass was high in the air I touched her
back, ass and legs and then removed the paddle from the wall and took my place
and aim. I delivered the first swat and the sound in the basement was
astonishing, both the kneeling girls jumped as the reverberating "SwaaaaTTTT"
echoed off the walls. Missy let out a shriek the pitch getting higher and higher
and ended a silent scream as the second "SwaaaaTTTT" found its mark closely
followed by a third "SwaaaaTTTT". I sent the girls upstairs to be ready for bed
and began to release Missy and held her in my arms and kissed her tears away.
She thanked me, then she said she was sorry, I thought she was confused, so I
carried her up the stairs and set her on my lap on the couch (I couldn't make it
all the way up, she was a little girl, but I was out of shape and wind).

  She thanked me again and I asked her for what? She said, "I know you didn't
use the force you could have, you lightened up the swats she whispered". So I
said trying to save face, "Well if your not satisfied young lady I can drag you
ass back downstairs and work on my swing a little".  She tried to smile and said
"No Sir, thank you Sir", she knew she was special to me and I loved her as I
looked in her eyes we recognized this was exactly where we both wanted to be.  I
carried her upstairs and to bed nestled in my arms.




```~~~~~~~~ Chapter 12  ~~~~~~~~~```

 I had the girls move all their clothes and dressers down the basement later
that week. It made sense, the washer and dryer were down there as well as the
new shower we installed. So whenever they came home they first went downstairs
and stripped, showered and performed their duties. I did provide a robe incase
they had to answer the door, but the house rule was, no clothes or garments of
any kind.

   As the days and weeks went by we all settled into our routines and I was at
peace with the girls and the world. Work went well for all of us, the girls
being more focused and professional, no games, all business.  I kept them in a
fairly aroused state all the time now and they welcomed any command regarding
sex from me, even if it was with each other to amuse me they eagerly performed.
I routinely reinforced their conditioning and Sandy surprisingly enough became
absolutely reliable and obedient following any instruction issued by me without
hesitation. Even if I set her up to perform a task, at a certain time days, and
then later weeks from now.  She would perform exactly then and there, as
commanded, without another word, or a reminder on my part, I was amazed... 

  Missy continued the search for a new House; she scheduled 2 for us to look at
next Saturday. We were beginning to raise some eyebrows in the neighborhood
although I though we were inconspicuous, apparently not inconspicuous enough.
Missy and I looked at the houses but were unable to find what we sought. We
discussed some things regarding the lives of the girls.

  Candice seemed quite happy, Sandy on the other hand was going to graduate next
Saturday and we didn't want to deprive her and that meant continuing with her
education, college. The location of the local college was remote and would
require her to spend the first year on campus. All these things needed to
thought through and talked out.  This compelled us to search the other side of
town towards the college, the rural environment appearing more appealing and
travel distances being shorter. Missy set out with a renewed vigor to find
something acceptable for our needs. 



  Tuesday evening right after supper Candice had a fire alarm go off at the
store and the fire department called her to unlock the store and investigate.
She got dressed and hopped into the car and left. We got a phone call from her
saying, everything was OK and she was on her way home. She never made it home...

  The Police called Missy; her number was listed to be notified. We discovered
Candice Miller died in a head on collision with a Semi. The driver was cited for
going left of center; apparently he was refilling his coffee and hit a
chuckhole. The steaming hot 1/2 full cup of coffee fell into his lap and as the
result of the chuckhole veering the truck off course hit Candice head on killing
her instantaneously.  This was a difficult time for all of us, the funeral was
small, her brother from out of state and us, Missy, Sandy and myself.

  We took the rest of the week off work to reflect.  Missy asked if she should
cancel the meeting for Saturday, I thought about it and decided it might be good
to get out. Every time Missy would pick something up that belonged to Candice
she would loose it. No, perhaps if we got out I could spare her that torment,
eve if just for a short time. Sandy had to get ready for her Graduation and we
promised we would be there.

  So Saturday morning at 9:00 AM we set out for the new House. It was an hour
drive from the house, 30 minutes from work and 20 minutes from the college. The
location was good, isolated very rural. We came up a long winding drive to a
secluded old farm house, early American type, four bedrooms up one full bath,
one bedroom down with a full bath, Huge eat-in-kitchen and a living room, nice
front porch and best of all the closest neighbors were 6 miles away. The place
sat almost in the middle of 30 acres, surrounded a couple of small lakes and a
swamp to the north.

  Everything was old and needed work especially the barn since it had burned
down some time back. At least in the house the furnace, pluming and electric had
been updated so the place was livable. Missy and I looked at each other and
agreed, I thought to myself, perhaps it would keep our hands and minds busy and
allow time to heal the painful memories of the old house and Candice.

  We discussed with the realtor price of the farm and established a contingency
that the water and septic be passed by the health department and the realtor
sell Missy's current home as part of the deal. It took an hour to sign the
papers and we look around some more and by 11:00 AM we headed for Sandy's High
School and her graduation.

  Sandy looked like the proper young lady in her gown, she accepted her diploma,
moved her tassel and graduated, we took some pictures with her and her friends,
hugged her and congratulated her as we swept her off and to a very high-class
restaurant as a treat and her reward. Missy handed her a card in the car and she
was eager to know and asked what I had got her. I told her I would leave her
chastity belt off tonight and that she could experience any pleasure to her
hearts content. She blushed bright red and thanked me excitedly as she hugged my
neck from the back seat of the car and we sped off.

  We enjoyed our meal and made small talk back and forth. Missy asked Sandy what
her thoughts and ambitions were regarding her future?  She said she didn't know
and hadn't thought about it much. I asked about furthering her education? She
said she didn't think she afford it. I questioned, what if we help, holding
Missy's hand and bringing it above the table for Sandy to see. She looked down,
very self-conscious; we could see her mind racing, and I simply said, we can
talk about it later, if you like, not wanting to let the discussion out of hand
as we finished our meal. I acquired the dessert menu and looked at the pastries
and cakes available for our selection but "My Ladies" insisted that they were
full and didn't want the temptation... I settled for a cup of coffee and waited
for the bill...

  When we arrived back at home I directed Missy to take a shower as I captured
Sandy's hand and led her to the couch. I sat down, she began to sit, but I
diverted her to my lap where I could hold her close to me as I spoke.

  I told her that Missy and I loved her very much and she would always be part
of our lives. I explained that our dinner discussion was not an attempt to get
rid of her but rather to give her the opportunity for her to excel and grow as a
person. I explained that Missy and I would gladly help her further her education
to allow for opportunities and went so far to say that we would be close by, for
her, if she needed.. She smiled, hugged and thanked me. I said to her, come on,
let go to bed.

  We headed downstairs stripped, I removed her belt and we showered together,
the three of us, nothing like good clean fun.

  The summer flew by quickly, end of August the realtor called and we got the
farm and everything was set for our move. Some preliminary work had to be done
where the hole in the ground was in what used to be the barn. Missy and I
discussed many things, our plans for the old place for the house and grounds. I
told Missy of my desire to make the barn, look like a barn from the outside,
perhaps even run some cows and a horse in the pasture. While the lower floor
became our dungeon, while the ground level becomes the garage and the loft,
storage. If however prying eyes should venture near, a barn would be all they
see.

   Missy and I worked our jobs every day and enjoyed each other company. Sandy
was settled in at School and she came home on weekends, having to stay in a dorm
during the week. We contracted out most of the work and by the end of September
the barn was up, wired, water and ready to go. Missy and I felt we could do the
rest ourselves and we put a sub floor in and stared to make it comfy down under
the barn, with a little paint, some chains and old beams, soon it truly
resembled a Dungeon. Except it had the essentials, running hot and cold water,
toilets, shower, even a large foam mattress covered in black vinyl.

   Sandy called, for me to pick her up since she couldn't have her car on campus
in her first year. I brought her home, She was so depressed, she wanted to quit
school and come home for good. She didn't have any friends. She struggled with
her classes. She unloaded on me as we drove home. I assured her that I'd do
something to help her. After we pulled in the drive I stopped the car pulled her
cuffs and a blindfold from the glove box and tossed them in her lap, and
reminded her of her place. She had difficulty suppressing a smile as she buckled
the cuffs and set the blindfold in place.

  I drove into the barn and closed and locked the door, then went back for my
willing captive and helped her form the car and led her down stairs where Missy
was putting the finishing touches on our playroom as we entered, she smiled and
held her hand over her mouth to suppress a giggle. Across the one wall doors
appeared, actually there were 5 cells, each with a small bed mat and a bedpan,
and each with a steel prison like door. I gathered Sandy's long hair and led her
to the far left cell and reconfirmed her thoughts of who was in control. I told
her to "Strip", and she quickly removed all her clothes and left them in a heap.
I fastened her cuffs behind her and nudged her gently forward into the cell,
making sure to slam the door for effect. She spun around as she heard snap shut.
I reached in and removed her blindfold and watched for effect, I saw shock,
perhaps terror, definitely uncertainty until she saw Missy behind me. That's
when curiosity got the better of her, examining the possibilities. As I placed
my hand between the bars she came closer, spread herself and moved onto my hand
with her pussy, offering herself to me, Missy was amused and came up and joined
us and grasped both her nipples and tugged her closer yet. Her body was moving
towards the cold bars as her tits were extending through the openings.  Missy
held on to them twisting and tugging the nipples taught as Sandy tried to
follow. 

  Missy asked softy "Your thoughts Cunt" with me standing next to her, my hand
still feeling for her dampness with was quickly turning to a very wet and
slippery little girl.  Sandy stammered, "Please Mistress, accept all that I am
as your humble and grateful servant", Missy smiled and told her, "First my hot
little cunt you will prove yourself worthy" as she released her.

  We moved away and Missy hinted we go upstairs and we did. When we got upstairs
she laughed and hugged me and said, "Wow that was fun, what a rush". I told
Missy about the chat Sandy and I had on the way home and how down on herself she
was.  We discussed a plan to cheer her up, how we would treat our pet and what
we planed to do with her, one thing was for sure, she was over her depression...

  After an hour we returned to her and held out her collar, which she accepted
without hesitation. I opened the cell and clipped a lead to her collar and she
followed in tow to where Missy was waiting for her.

  She took hold of Sandy's collar and began to speak to her in a quiet voice.
"Cunt, pay attention" (Missy called her) every young woman should be held in
high esteem, placed on a pedestal, for all to look up to see. As Missy led Sandy
to a 3-foot high and  3-foot round table, that had holes around the edge of it
and was bolted to the floor. Missy continued, Get your ass up on your pedestal
Cunt, as she cropped her butt to emphasize her options. 

  Sandy jumped right up, and when Missy tapped between her knees she spread
herself quickly. Missy strapped in Sandy's ankles to the tabletop and released
her cuffs, just to reattach them to a bar. The bar was then raised and Sandy
found herself stretched out completely. Her Mistress hands roamed her features
freely making her even wetter, demanding her to be still and quiet. While Missy
probed her cunt deeply, and then transferred her super slippery finger to her
anus. While increasing the pressure and sinking her gloved finger past the
second knuckle up her ass and rotating it as she tapped her ass cheek with her
crop. Sandy's ass began to buck forward to the rhythm of the crop, thrusting her
snatch forward until Missy clamped her mouth over her clit. Sandy came screaming
wildly pulling at her bonds, Missy's tongue showed no mercy and continued to
lash Sandy's clit with the same vigor as the crop flailed her behind. Never had
I seen them so wild together, so into each other matching each other's desires.
I helped Missy get her down and we went to the house and turned in for the
night.

  In the morning after breakfast the three of us walked through the pastures
together, while I tightened the loose strands of fence wire, and we talked about
everything that was on Sandy's mind. When she was done, I asked her what it
would take to make things bearable for her at school. She thought for a long
time and answered, I miss you guys a lot, maybe if I had some friends, a little
help with the stuff I don't understand and class assignments, it might not be so
bad and next year I can commute I won't have to stay on campus. That started a
blurry-eyed group hug right then and there. I suggested "Ladies if were going to
keep this up, we'd better take it inside".





The End




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Samul Joseph Wolf


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





