BDSM Library - A Friend in Need




A Friend in Need
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A lonely young wife and mother falls into debt and into the clutches of cruel money lenders who use and degrade her.She is introduced into a ring of wealthy sadists with whom each experience is more gross and humiliating than the one before.
                                A Friend in Need.



Chapter 1.

    

    The big car sped along in the warm, early afternoon sunlight. George Cane
knew he was driving just a little too fast. He made a great effort to reduce his
speed below the limit. It would be ironic if he were to have a bump today, of
all days.

    He chuckled to himself. "Eager. That's what you are, old son". He thought.

    He glanced at the dashboard clock. 12-55. He was early. Dolly had said to
pick her up at 1-15 and he was nearly there.

    As he neared their meeting place, he could see Dolly waiting by the curb

    He grinned. "So, you are eager too, my lovely."

    Seeing him, she waved her hand and gave him a big smile as he pulled up
beside her.

    She was a lovely looking woman and the light summer dress that she wore
showed up the soft, voluptuous curves of her lush, thirty eight-year-old body.
Leaning over, he opened the car door and she slid into the seat next to him.

     "You're early." She grinned.

     "And you." He grinned back.

     "I know." She giggled. "I can't wait."

     She pulled up her dress, so that he could see her full, white thighs. He
squeezed the warm flesh of the one nearest him. Then with a roar, he pulled away
from the curb.

     George was fifty, a little over weight and his grey hair was receding, but
he was feeling great. He was lucky to have a beautiful, sexy mistress, like
Dolly Stern. 'What would he do without her?', he often asked himself.

     What, indeed? With his dull, lack-lustre wife and their dull, lack-lustre
marriage. It was true, he had a beautiful home and two lovely, grown up
daughters, each with a family of her own. But it was only Dolly who put any
sparkle into his life.

     George was area manager for a large finance company in this part of
Southern England and Dolly was his under-manager. "Under him, in more ways than
one." she would often joke.

     A top accountant, he'd had his promotion ten years ago and Dolly had joined
the department two years later. She was the answer to all his prayers. They had
soon become friends and then lovers. He was away from home such a lot, it was
easy. After eight years, his wife still did not suspect a thing.

    And Dolly? She liked their arraignment the way it was. A divorcee, she
wasn't looking for a husband. 'Once was enough.' she'd say. For George, she was
now indispensable. And he loved it. Apart from being a very good assistant, she
was also beautiful, sexy, lustful, dirty minded, sexually insatiable,
enthusiastic, and very, very, inventive.

    Which was the main reason they were now driving, excitedly, to their secret
afternoon appointment with LUST.

    During their happy years as lovers, they had eagerly tried everything sexual
that their very inventive minds could think up. They had even tried 'Swinging'
with quite good success. One very nice couple in particular, were most
compatible. Both Men and Women quite at ease in each other's company and fired
by their mutual lechery, they would delight, when ever possible, to vent their
lusts on each other's bodies. The two women were particularly excited by
indulging in the most gross and depraved lesbian perversions that their
lascivious minds could dream up and goading their lust enraged lovers to new
heights of frenzied sexual performance.

     How ever, it was not to Bill and Celia Pain's house that they were heading
today. No, this was a new thrill, entirely.

     One of George and Dolly's favourite 'turn-ons' was Fantasizing. And one of
their favourite Fantasies was to have a beautiful young woman completely at
their mercy. So completely in their power, that they could subject her to any
gross humiliation and indignity that their debauched and lascivious minds could
think up.

     Oh, what delicious orgasms they had both been able to achieve while
dreaming of the things they would make her do. And now fate had stepped in and
it looked as if just such a beautiful young woman had been delivered into their
hands.

     Most of the business George's department had to handle was the financing of
loans. In fact, money lending and the collecting of the repayments on these
loans.

     He had a large staff of collectors and it was only when a client fell into
serious arrears with their payments that he, or Dolly, would have to personally
intervene. There was seldom any trouble. They could generally arrange for the
client to take out a bigger loan with a much longer period of time to pay off
the full debt. A much higher interest rate, but with much smaller monthly
payments, of course.

     Some months before, Dolly had been sent to see a Mrs Bending, as the
collector thought that the woman had fallen too far behind with her payments.

     Dolly had found the client was a beautiful young woman of twenty two years
old. The Wife of a much older Merchant Navy Officer, who was away from the
family home for, at least, nine months a year. She had a Daughter of three and a
Son just over a year old.

     The Husband paid almost all the bills through his bank and would have been
enraged if he had known that his young Wife had been borrowing money over and
above her very generous allowance. Dolly had found that the girl was getting
hopelessly out of her depth with her loans. But when she saw this beautiful
young blonde Juno, left so alone and vulnerable, without any real friends she
could turn to, the older woman knew, with cruel delight, that the gods of lust
had answered her most ardent prayer.

     Dolly hadn't stopped the pretty young woman's credit. In fact, after a
brief and friendly word of caution, she had actually extended it.

     Mrs Bending was delighted and only too happy to accept Dolly's friendship.
The two women got along like a house on fire. After a long chat, Dolly made
ready to leave.

     "Well, I must go now, Mrs Bending." She had said, rising to her feet.

     The young blonde also stood and put out her hand.

     "Thank you so much, once again for your help, Miss Stern." She smiled. "And
please call me June."

      Dolly, who always called herself 'Miss', smiled and took the young wife's
hand, warmly.

      "Why, thank you, my dear." She replied. "And what an appropriate name for
a young woman with your shapely build."

      "I... I'm sorry....?" The girl had blushed.

      "You know." Laughed Dolly. "Junoesque? Built like a Juno?"

      The older woman curved her hands down through the air in the shapely form
of the buxom Goddess."

      "Oh. Yes. I see." June laughed, blushing even more. "I suppose I am a bit
on the big side."

      "Rubbish, my dear." Dolly had cried. "You know very well that you are a
very beautiful young lady."

       And with that, she had left.

       Having handed over the account back to the collector, Dolly had told
George all about her wicked plan and they had waited in eager and excited
anticipation for its inevitable outcome.

       As the weeks passed by, Dolly became a frequent visitor to the lonely
young woman's beautiful home. She would bring gifts for the children and sit and
gossip for hours. Insinuating herself right into the shapely blonde's
confidence, the older woman had soon learned all of June's secrets. Even her
few, most intimate indiscretions.

      It seemed that soon after her youngest child was born, June had had a
brief affair with a student. After a passionate few months, the boy had
graduated and had returned home to Australia. Leaving the lovely young wife
lonelier than ever.

     After a lot of skilful and gentle probing, Dolly had got the shy blonde to
blushingly admit that she now spent a lot of her time alone, franticly
masturbating, in a vain effort to cool and subdue the raging fires that racked
her lovely, passionate, but neglected young body.

     "Never mind my dear." Dolly had told her, sympathetically, "I'm sure that
soon all your naughty desires will be gratified."

     And they had laughed together like two wicked young schoolgirls.

     Now it had happened. June had seriously defaulted on her payments. Just as
Dolly had known she would. The dept now stood at well over four thousand pounds
and George had snapped the trap shut.

    Under Dolly's direction, George sent June a number of official letters,
informing the young wife that the company was going to take legal steps to
regain their money. Even to the seizure of her Husband's and their beautiful
home.

     The foolish young woman was terrified. Sobbing pitifully she phoned Dolly,
Begging her new found friend's help. Dolly, of course, rushed right on over.

     "Oh, dear, oh, dear. This is very, very, serious." Groaned the older woman,
while looking over the letters. "Very, very serious indeed. How could you get
yourself into such a mess, my dear? I did warn you, didn't I now?"

     "Oh, yes. You did, Miss Stern. But I never thought that this could happen."
June sobbed into her handkerchief. "Please help me, Miss Stern. I just don't
know what to do."

     "You must pay back all the money, Mrs Bending. Every penny of it." Said
Dolly. "And right away. Or they will take your house."

     "But I have no money." June cried. "I have nothing of my own. Every thing
belongs to my Husband."

     "Then you must inform your Husband immediately, my dear." Answered Dolly.

      The young blonde's lovely face seemed to crumble and she again burst into
tears. "Oh, I couldn't. I just couldn't." She whined. "He'd be so terribly
angry."

      "I expect he will, my dear. And when he starts investigations into how you
spent the money.....There were a number of gifts, weren't there? The Company
will send him a detailed report of every thing you bought. Well....He's got to
find out about your tall, handsome, Australian, hasn't he?" Asked Dolly, slyly.

      "WHAT?" The distraught girl almost screamed the word. She threw herself to
her knees at the beautiful accountant's feet. She was near to hysterics. "No.
No. Please God, no. Not that. He'd divorce me for sure."

     The sobbing young wife pressed her lovely tear stained face down into the
brunette's lap. "Oh, please, Miss Stern. Please." She wailed. "You must help me.
You must. I'll do anything you say. Just anything." And she wept as she clutched
at Dolly's thighs.

     If the distressed girl had looked up at that moment, she would have seen
the gloating look of triumphant delight that blazed from Dolly's long lashed
eyes.

     Pushing the girl's heaving shoulders upright; the older woman enfolded her
in her arms and pressed her tight. The embrace crushed Dolly's own ample
mammaries into the warm, melonous, breasts of the sobbing blonde. Her red lips
twisted into a cruel, lecherous pout as she felt the girl's big, firm
milk-globes shudder against her own with every juddering sob.

     "There, there, my dear." She crooned soothingly, as she patted the young
woman's heaving shoulders. "There might just be a way..."

     June's head shot up and she stared, wide eyed with desperate hope, into
the, once again, sympathetic face of the older woman. 

     "Oh, I beg you, Miss Stern." The young wife gulped, tears streaming down
her pretty face. "If it will save my home and marriage....."

     "Well......" Said Dolly, as if in some doubt. "It's a bit unusual."

     "Please tell me. Please, Miss Stern." Begged the weeping girl, eagerly.

     "Well, what usually happens when someone gets into trouble with their
payments." Explained Dolly. "Is that they take out another loan to cover it.
They pay off the dept and then they pay off the second loan over a much longer
period. Of course, it is much more expensive as there is a lot more interest
doing it that way. But the weekly payments are much smaller. You could pay it
comfortably from your allowance and still pay it off in about two years, I
should think."

     June rested her ample bottom down on her heels and looked up at Dolly with
wide eyes. "Then why can't I do that?" She asked. "It's so simple."

    "I'm sorry, my dear." Dolly shook her stylishly permed head. "You've
absolutely no credit. I'm afraid no one will lend you any more money."

     June looked dismayed.

     "Then how.....?" She began.

      "There's only one man who could agree to make you this loan, my dear."
Went on Dolly. "And that is my Boss, Mr Cane. He's quite a nice man, but he's
got some funny ideas. He might just agree to give you a loan. On certain
conditions."

      "What conditions? I've said I'll do anything." Sobbed the young blonde.

      "Well, now." Dolly went on. "Mr Cane doesn't believe people should be able
to get away with things, without paying a price. He believes that people should
be.... Well, punished for their sins, I suppose."

      "Oh, God. Not as much as they are going to punish me, surely?" June cried.

      "I think that when I explain to him that you will lose your home, your
Husband and even your two children if this gets out, then he will agree to
giving you a covering loan." Smiled Dolly.    

      "Oh, Miss Stern. Thank you. Thank you." Cried the girl, joy shining
through her tears.

      "Just a moment." Said Dolly, holding up her hand to stop the girl's
thanks. "He will agree to the loan on condition that you, in turn, agree to
accept an alternative punishment from him, instead."

      "Punishment?" Asked June, wiping away her tears. "What sort of
punishment?"

     "You did say that you would do anything." Smiled the brunette.

     "Well, yes. But....Well, I've got to know." The girl sniffed.

    "Of course." Answered Dolly. "Your punishment would be a physical one. You
are very lucky, in a way, my dear. You see, Mr Cane likes smacking naughty girls
on their bare bums. I'm sure he'll make a deal with you. After all. You've got
such a lovely bum, haven't you?"

     June gasped.

     "You mean....? She started the question and stopped in mid sentence, her
eyebrows arched high in surprise. "No. You couldn't..... Could you?"

     "Oh, yes. I'm deadly serious." Answered the older woman, with a nod of her
lovely head. "And it will be a lucky stroke for you. If you will pardon the pun.
As it would get you right off the hook, my dear."

     The young wife looked doubtfully at Dolly as she dabbed at her tears with
her wet handkerchief.

     "How hard, exactly, would he want to beat me?" She asked.

     "Well, it would all have to be very secret, so he couldn't hurt you too
much, could he? I mean, he wouldn't injure you or anything like that." The
brunette reassured the dubious blonde. "Mind you, I'm sure that shapely bottom
of yours will know all about it. You'll think your bum is on fire, before he's
through with it."

    "Well, then." June gave a shy smile. "If that's all there is to it...."

    Dolly lifted her hand again.

    "That isn't 'all' there is to it, I'm afraid, my dear." She smiled sadly.

    "You see, Mr Cane will say that agreeing your loan and administering your
punishment, is his service to you. And you will have to pay him for that
service."

     "Pay him? But I have no money." Cried June.

     "No, no, my dear." Dolly smiled. "He'll want you to pay him 'in kind'. You
understand?"

      June looked shocked. "That's preposterous." She cried. "Oh, no. Certainly
not. I just couldn't."

     "Well, then." Dolly shrugged her shoulders and picking up her handbag she
made as if to stand. "If you'd rather lose your home and family. Of course, it's
up to you."

     "Oh, God. No. No." June buried her head once more in Dolly's lap and again
burst out crying. "Oh, Miss Stern." She sobbed. "I'll do it. I must. It's the
only way out."

    The older woman had to, once again, hide her delight. Pushing the weeping
girl upright and looking into her lovely, tear stained face, she smiled sweetly.

    "Good. I'm sure you've made the right decision, my dear." She nodded. "Mr
Cane is quite clean and not all that bad looking. Who knows? You might even
enjoy it. Any how. It's not as if you've never committed adultery before. Is
it?"

     June went on weeping softly, sitting back on her heels. Dolly stood up.

    "You can stop crying. Your troubles are over and everything will be just
fine." She said lightly, moving towards the door. "Leave it to me.  "I'll
arrange everything."

     She stopped and looked down at the sobbing girl. "Where are the children?"
She asked.

     June got slowly to her feet. "They're at my sister's." She snivelled.

    "Can she have them next Saturday afternoon?" The accountant asked.

    "Yes." The sniffing blonde answered. "She loves having them."

    "Excellent." Dolly's full lips curled in a delighted smile. "I'll bring Mr
Cane her then. We'll sign the new agreements and you can make your first new
payments to him right after. We'll be here about 1.00 to 1.30. Be sure to make
yourself pretty, now. I'll see you then."

     After they had said their goodbyes and June had closed the door after her,
Dolly walked to her car. As she walked, the lovely brunette laughed with wicked
delight. The gusset of her satin knickers was soaking wet. 




F.

Chapter 2.



       George had parked the car a discreet distance away and they had arrived
at their destination on foot. As they turned into the drive he gave a low
whistle of approval. The house was a lovely detached Georgian style building,
set in its own beautiful high walled garden.

      The excited pair walked quickly up to the front door and rang the bell.
Before the echo of the chimes had died away, the door was opened.

      When he saw her standing there in the hallway, George nearly whistled
again. June's fresh, youthful beauty took his breath away. It was with some
difficulty that he maintained a serious face.

      June invited them in and showed them into her front room. She stood
nervously before them.

      "June." Smiled Dolly, smugly. "This is Mr Cane."

      "How do you do, sir?" Asked June, in a small voice.

      "Very well, thank you, Mrs Bending." George answered curtly, as he placed
his briefcase on the table and opened it up.

      "Can I offer you a drink?" June enquired, wringing her hands together.

      "No thank you, Mrs Bending." Dolly answered. "We'd like to get down to
business right away. Shall we sit down?"

      She and George sat down on a long sofa, while the young housewife sat
tensely on the edge of an armchair, facing them.

      "I've explained the whole situation to Mr Cane, Mrs Bending." Said Dolly,
purposely keeping the conversation formal and business like, to heighten the
pressure on the young blonde. "And he's agreed to extend you a loan to cover all
your outstanding debts."

      "Oh, thank you. Thank you, Mr Cane." The girl smiled eagerly at George.

      "But, of course, Mrs Bending." Added Dolly. "This will be subject to you
entering into an agreement with Mr Cane, along the lines that I explained to you
the other day. Are you prepared to enter into such an agreement, Mrs Bending?"

      "Yes. Yes, I am, Miss Stern." June answered, nodding her head.

      "Are you sure you understand exactly what such an agreement would entail,
Mrs Bending?" Asked George, passing a sheaf of official looking documents across
to Dolly.

      "I...I think so." June stammered in reply.

      "Well, Miss Stern as drawn up a legal contract and some papers covering
the loan." Said George. "And she has also drawn up a legally binding contract
between you and me, Mrs Bending. I think you should listen to it very carefully,
before you decide."

      He nodded to Dolly to begin.

      "I've kept it fairly simple and straightforward, Mrs Bending." The
Brunette began, holding up a document. "I'll just read it out to you, to be sure
you understand it. Alright?"

      Without waiting for an answer, she began reading out loud from the paper.

      "I, Mrs June Bending, do freely and without coercion, agree  that for my
past transgressions, that I do now implore Mr George Cane, for my own good and
benefit, to administer to me, what ever punishment or chastisement he thinks
fitting, to prove my penitence and achieve atonement for my past folly.

       This punishment or chastisement will be as severe as the said George Cane
believes I merit. With proviso that the said punishment or chastisement, does
not permanently mark, maim or disfigure me. With proviso also that the physical
application of the said punishment or chastisement, shall be carried out with
the utmost prudence and discretion. So that my Husband, Family, neighbours and
friends and every one who is not a signatory to this document, shall remain
totally unaware of this agreement.

       The said George Cane, for his part, will administer the said punishment
or chastisement, personally and with the enlisted aid of, not less that one and
not more than four assistants. All assistants will be appointed by the said
George Cane." 

       During the reading of the document, June had been trying hard to
concentrate on what Dolly was saying. But she was also very aware that this man,
to whom she was about to sign over her young body, was staring at her with hot,
smouldering eyes. She could feel them probing her lush, comely charms as they
pushed and bulged against the thin material of her light, summer dress.

       Suddenly the older woman had her full, shocked and undivided attention.
She leaned forward, her hand quickly raised.

      "I.....I'm...I'm sorry, Miss Stern." The young blonde stammered
confusedly. "I'm afraid I don't understand. Could you read that last part again,
please?"

      "Certainly, my dear." Smiled Dolly, sweetly. "I thought you'd query that."

      And she read out the last paragraph again.

      June looked aghast. "Assistants? What on earth do you mean? I...I.."

      "Let me explain, Mrs Bending." Molly smiled at the girl. "We feel that it
is essential that Mr Cane has witnesses to verify his account of these
proceedings. You see, my dear, you might change your mind and say that you were
forced. Then again, those same witnesses might, at some future date, try to hold
this information against Mr Cane or even yourself, if they were just mere
spectators. So we decided that they would be more wholeheartedly committed to
the scheme, if they were made full accomplices to it." She smiled again. "Is
that clear to you now, my dear?"

      "Ho, no, Miss Stern." Gasped June, white faced and shaking her head
vehemently. "No. I couldn't. Not with all those people."

      "Well, my dear." Replied the older woman, still smiling pleasantly. "These
are the terms. And you know what the alternative is, don't you?"

      The unhappy young wife's face fell. Bowing her lovely head, she started to
weep.

     "Ooooh, Miss Stern." She sobbed, "You know I have to agree. I can't let my
Husband find out. I just can't." And she hid her pretty face in her hands.

     "Well, he's not going to find out, now is he?" Dolly grinned, giving George
a sly wink. "Let me read you the rest of this document, so you will be quite
clear about all the things that you are going to have to submit yourself to."

      With a smirk on her sensuous lips, the lovely brunette began again to read
out the contract.

      "Having administered the said punishments or chastisements to my body, the
said George Cane may claim the right to use my body for his own sexual
gratification, and I freely grant him the use of my body for any sexual act,
natural or unnatural, for which he should desire to use it." She paused and
glanced at the sobbing young mother. Gleefully watching her reactions, she
continued.

      "Also, the said assistants, having , under the direction and supervision
of the said George Cane, administered punishment or chastisement to my body, may
claim the right to use my body for there own sexual gratification, and I
freely....."

      "Oh, God, no, no." June interrupted, crying dejectedly. "Not that too! Not
with strangers."

      "Well now, we won't all be strangers, Mrs Bending." Dolly again gave the
young wife her sweet smile. "I myself will be one of Mr Cane's assistants and
friends of ours, a married couple, very nice people, will be two more. Mr Cane
and I have not yet decided who the fourth shall be."

     June's tear filled eyes opened wide with shock.

    "You, Miss Stern?" The blonde gasped. "And a man's wife? Surely you can't
mean....?"

    "Can't I, Mrs Bending?" Dolly chuckled. "Just you listen to the terms of the
contract and find out."

    With the young woman listening to her in wide eyed horror, Dolly continued
to read.

     ".....and I freely grant them the use of my body for any sexual act,
natural or un-natural, for which they should desirer to use it."

     Dolly turned the paper's pages and read on.

     "Farther to this, the use of my body for sexual gratification by all
parties hear mentioned, shall take place at the said parties command and these
sexual acts, natural or unnatural, may be performed before, after or during the
said punishments or chastisements.

      Farther more, I do wholeheartedly pledge to place myself, eagerly and
enthusiastically, at the disposal of the said George Cane and his assistants, at
any place they consider suitable, at any time they consider opportune and there,
under the terms of this agreement, deliver up my body to them, to use as they
see fit.

     This contract will run until al my debts are paid."

     Dolly placed the document down on the small table to the side of the sofa.

     "It is then signed by you, Mrs Bending." She added. "And then by the
witnesses. First Mr Cane and I, the other three assistants can singe at a later
date."

      There was silence for some moments, broken only by the sound of the pretty
blonde sniffing as she wiped tears from her eyes.

      George leaned forward.

     "Is that clear to you now, Mrs Bending?" He asked.

     "Yes." The girl sobbed quietly.

     "Good." Smiled Dolly. "Then if you'll be so good as to sign your name to
the contract, we will witness it."

     She handed the young woman a pen and pushed the documents across the table
to her.

     Bending over the papers, June signed. George quickly followed suit and
lastly Dolly signed. After June had signed a few more papers, George placed them
in his briefcase and locked it.

    Dolly turned to June, who was sitting twisting her handkerchief.

    "Right then. Mrs Bending." The handsome woman smiled her sweet smile. "It's
time for us to collect your first payment. Stand up, please."

    The young woman rose and stood, nervously, before the man and older woman.
Their eyes moved over her lush, full curves. She blushed and dropped her own
eyes in response.

    "Take off your shoes, Mrs Bending." The brunette instructed.

     June kicked off her slippers to one side. The man and woman dropped their
eyes.

     "What pretty feet, my dear." Said Dolly. "So soft and smooth. Don't you
think so, Mr Cane?"

     "Beautiful." Agreed George. "Let's see the rest."

     "Certainly, Mr Cane." His Mistress said, dutifully. She turned back to the
young wife, still smiling. "Take off all your close, Mrs Bending. Mr Cane would
like to see you stark naked, before we begin."

     Flushing a deeper red and biting at her full lower lip, the shapely blonde
opened the buttons on her dress and shrugging her smooth shoulders allowed it to
drop in a pool around her feet. Kicking it aside, she stood there in just her
satin and lace bra and panties. The garments were pure white and made her look
almost virginal.

    Dolly frowned a little.

    "In future, when we meet for you to make your payments, you will wear no
underwear, what so ever. Do you understand, Mrs Bending?" The older woman said
firmly. "Even if you have to travel quite far to meet us, you will be quite
naked beneath your dress, alright?"

    June nodded, miserably.

    "Yes, Miss Stern." She answered.

    Dolly smiled, smugly.

    "Take off your brassiere and show us your big breasts, my dear. They look as
if they are about to burst out, anyway." She giggled.

    The red flush of shame spreading down her body, the embarrassed girl opened
her bra and threw it aside. She stood, arms hanging to her sides and head bowed
in humiliation. The large melonous globes of her amazing breasts, reared out
soft and firm from her ribcage. The long, thick, rubbery nipples, already
swelling and stiffening under their gaze, seemed to point straight out at the
popping eyes of the leering man and woman.

    "Really astounding, Miss Stern." Said George, leaning forward to ogle the
younger woman's quivering, white mammaries at a closer range.

     Dolly's eyes glowed hotly and she ran her tongue over her full, red lips as
she nodded in agreement.

    "Delicious, aren't they?" She answered, her voice thick with desire. She
tried to keep her vocal tones steady as she spoke to the young woman standing
before her.

    "Take off your knickers now, Mrs Bending." The brunette ordered. "We want to
see everything."

     With a whimper, the young wife placed her thumbs into the waistband of her
knickers and, slipping them down over full hips and thighs, she let them fall
around her ankles. She stood before them, head bowed, shoulders slumped with
shame, one full, plump thigh crossed in front of the other and both hands
covering her pubic mound. 

    "Now, stop that, Mrs Bending." Dolly snapped at the girl. "Put your hands to
your sides and stand up straight. Quickly now."

    Miserably, June obeyed.

    "That's better. Come on, shoulders pulled right back and stick out those
great, big jugs of yours." Dolly directed as the young wife hurriedly did her
bidding. "That's it. Now kick those knickers away and stand with your feet
apart. Good. That's excellent. Now, stick out your belly, so we can get a good
look at you."

     Dolly and George sat on the edge of the sofa, their burning eyes drinking
in the luscious site before them with growing lust.

     Mrs June Bending, respectable wife and mother, was standing before them,
stark naked and shamefully exposing herself to them. The young woman seemed,
Dolly noticed with some amusement, to be blushing from the roots of her straw
blonde hair, right down to her pretty toes.

     "Quite delightful, don't you think, Mr Cane?" Asked the older woman,
leaning closer to the naked girl.

     "Beautiful." George agreed his mouth dry. "Just look at that Venus mound."

     "It's a beauty, isn't it?" Dolly giggled. "It's such a fat one. See how it
bulges out, with just that bushy blonde tuft of pubic hair on top?"

      The handsome business woman lowered her head and, leaning closer to the
blushing young wife, peered intently between the girl's full white thighs. She
saw how, beneath the sparse blonde bush, the bulging, rounded lips of June's
plump sex pushed out, prominently, on either side of the deep, pink cleft that
split the smooth flesh like a soft and swollen peach.

     She sat back, still staring with bright eyed delight.

     "What a pouter." She grinned. "Do you know George, there's not a trace of
hair on the lips? Her 'honey pot' is almost bald."

      She looked up at the young woman's pretty, blushing face.

     "That's lovely, my dear." She chuckled. "Now turn around and show us that
big, bare arse of yours."

      Once more on the verge of tears, her full lower lip quivering, the buxom
young woman, submissively turned around and dutifully displayed to the seated
couple, her beautiful bare bum.

      The silence that followed lasted so long that June nervously looked back
over her plump, white shoulder. She saw the man and woman sitting on the edge of
their seat, leaning eagerly foreword, their mouths open and their smouldering
eyes fixed lasciviously on her full, round buttocks.

     Dolly looked up at the tearful girl's flushed face and again gave her a
sweet smile.

     "You really are most beautiful, Mrs Bending." She said. "Most beautiful.
And this big arse of yours is just delicious. A perfect shape. Don't you agree,
Mr Cane?"

     "Beautiful." George nodded his agreement without taking his eyes off the
girl's rear.

     "Quite so." Dolly continued. "Some people might say it's a little on the
big side. Well....they might be right but it's just how we like them. And, also,
it's so round and full and firm and white. Quite without a blemish. Yes, my
dear, Mr Cane is absolutely right. It is beautiful."

     The older woman stood up and stepped closer to the young wife, who trembled
with apprehension. Dolly could feel the heat radiate from the younger woman's
naked body and the clean, woman smell of her, wafted through her flared
nostrils.

    "Of course." She continued. "You must learn to exhibit it to its best
advantage, Mrs Bending." The business woman ran her hand, lecherously over the
snivelling girl's smooth, rounded buttocks. "In future, when ever you present
this fat arse of yours to Mr Cane or any of his assistants, you will stick it
right out as much as possible. Do you understand?"

    "Yes, Miss Stern." June answered, meekly.

    "Then why aren't you doing it?" Snapped the lovely brunette. "Come on. Stick
it out. Right out. Come on, more than that. Hollow your back. That's it. Spread
you thighs more. Wider. Wider.  That's better. Round your arsecheeks. That's
right. Push them out. There, that's it. That's how you must display your arse,
in future. Is that clear?"

    Looking back over her shoulder, the red faced, sobbing girl nodded her
blonde head.

    "Yes, Miss Stern." She snivelled.

    "Good. Mind that you do, my dear." The brunette snapped, curtly. "Remember,
unless you are told to do otherwise, you will always stand, bend and even walk,
with your big bum sticking right out as it is now. And always keep your legs
wide open. Never close them. When you display you arse, I want everybody to see
your fat cunt bulging out beneath. Do you understand what I'm saying, Mrs
Bending?"

    "Yes, Miss Stern." June sobbed, her full lips in a trembling pout.

     "Good. I don't care if it does make you waddle like a duck. That's the way
you've got to do it." Dolly stood back and laughingly admired the lewd and
humiliating pose she had instructed the young woman to take up.

     "Well, then." She giggled. "Let's see what she looks like when she dose
walk like that. Mrs Bending. Would you lead the way up to your bedroom, my
dear?"                                                                   




F. Chapter 3.

    Flushing hot with shame, the buxom young blonde, thighs splayed wide, back
curved inward in an exaggerated hollow, her heavy, fully rounded buttocks thrust
firmly out behind her, started to move awkwardly towards the door.

    Dolly's giggle turned into a spluttering laugh of delight as she watched the
lovely young woman, tears filling her sad blue eyes, walking naked across the
room, in the ridiculous and obscene pose she had been instructed to assume.

    As George and she followed the waddling girl to the door, Dolly laughed with
delight.

    "Oh, George. Look at her walk." She chuckled. "See how she moves. She does
look like a duck, at that."

     She called to the weeping young Mother. "Oh, Mrs Bending, you should see
yourself. You look obscene. I wonder what your husband would say if he could see
you like that."

    "Probable have a heart-attack." George grinned, his eyes drinking in the
lewd sight as they moved into the hall.

     As they followed the rolling cheeks of the young wife's jutting arse along
the hallway to the foot of the stairs, Dolly spied the brightly coloured plumes
of a feather-duster, laying on a small side table, it's feathered top attached
to a thin bamboo cane about three foot long. With a delighted laugh she snatched
it up.

    "Look, Mr Cane." She cried, her eyes dancing with malicious amusement. "Just
what we need." And she carried the implement with her, waving its plumes in the
air.

    June reached the stairs and started to ascend awkwardly. On the first stair
she stopped and looked back at the older woman.

    "Please, Miss Stern." She asked, still weeping with shame. "Will it be
alright if I walk normally up the stairs?"

    "Certainly not, Mrs Bending!" Dolly snapped, in mock shock. "As I explained
to you, you must maintain that lewd pose at all times. Now please climb the
stairs."

    The stark naked young woman shamefully began to clime the stairs. Fully
aware that her lewd pose was, as she climbed higher, exposing more and more of
her plump cunny, to the man and woman on the stairs below her.

    "That's the way." Dolly giggled. "Keep those thighs open wide. Oh, Mrs
Bending. What a sight!"

    Her hands tightly gripping the banister rails on each side, the snivelling
young wife slowly climbed the stairs in, what was to Dolly and George, a highly
amusing manner.

    The leering man and woman were leaning foreword as they climbed, peering
intently beneath the rounded jut of the girl's swinging, gaping buttocks, at the
exposed junction of her of her widely spread thighs.

    Dolly could feel her lover's hot breath on the back of her neck and the
squeezing of his large hands on her own plump buttocks as they too swayed,
provocatively, beneath her light dress. Looking back at him, she rolled her
eyes, suggestively, at the girl's big bare arse just above them.

    "That's the way, my dear. That's lovely." She called to the weeping young
mother. "Now hold tight."

    And the leering brunette thrust foreword with the feather duster and plunged
its soft plumes between the blonde's plump thighs and tickled the swollen lips
of her bulging quim.

    June gave a shriek and leapt to the next stair, but to Dolly's delight, she
held her pose as she had been instructed.

    "That's a good girl." The older woman chuckled and as a reward she goosed
the blonde a few more times with the feathers.

     When they had all reached the top and were standing on the landing, the
naked young woman, still maintaining her rude posture, put out her hand and
indicated a bedroom door.

     "And whose bedroom is this, Mrs Bending?" Asked George.

     "It's the Guest room." June sniffed.

     "Oh no, Mrs Bending." Said the big man, shaking his head. "We want the
Master Bedroom."

     "The Master Bedroom?" June replied in a shocked voice.

     "Your own Bedroom, Mrs Bending." Put in Dolly, with her sweet smile. "You
see, my dear. The things we are going to do to you, we will do to you in the
room that you share with your Husband. And on the bed you share with your
Husband. Understand?"

     June's tears ran down her red, flushed cheeks and she nodded, dumbly. 

     Weeping with shame, the buxom, naked young Mother, still maintaining her
delightfully indecent walk, opened a door and led the way into her own bedroom.

     "What a beautiful room." Cried Dolly, as she looked around.

     Situated at the front of the house, the room had two large windows, which
overlooked the garden and a great stretch of heath land that spread out for
miles on the other side of the road. The sun shone in through the lace curtains
and lit the room like floodlight.

     Dolly looked out.

    "Excellent!" She cried. "No one can overlook us here and the light is
marvellous."

     The beautiful accountant turned back to the room and gave June a lascivious
leer.

     "How do you want her, Mr Cane?" She asked her already sweating lover.

     "Well, now. I think I'll leave that to you, Miss Stern." George chuckled.

     "Oooo. Thank you, Mr Cane." Dolly grinned and turning to June she ran her
hand over the luxury bed cover and said.

     "What lovely silk coverings, Mrs Bending. I do so love the colour. Lilac is
one of my favourites, too."

      She moved around the room, giving it some thought.

     "Come and stand just here, Mrs Bending." She ordered. "Here at the foot of
the bed. About three foot away from the end."

     The buxom, foolish looking girl walked, lewdly, to the place indicated and
stood there trembling in her obscene posture. Looking back at George and Dolly
over her smooth, round shoulder, she gazed at them in fearful apprehension.

     "Now, then." The older woman smiled at her. "You told me that you go to
'Keep Fit' classes, my dear. That's right, isn't it?"

     June nodded, miserably.

    "Good." Dolly laughed. "Then, move your feet a little wider apart please,
Mrs Bending. That's lovely. Now, bend right over and grip your ankles with your
hands. And remember. Keep that lovely big bum sticking right out. Quickly now.
We've got such a lot to do to you this afternoon. We don't want to waste time,
do we?"

    Sobbing bitterly, the buxom young wife bent right down and took a firm grip
on her trim ankles.

    "My goodness! What a sight!" Dolly giggled, as she and George moved in
closer behind the big blonde. "That's a lovely position, my dear. Keep those
shapely legs nice and straight. Try and hollow your back a little more. That's
it. That's beautiful. Don't you think so, Mr Cane?"

     "Excellent!" George agreed, as he bent his face nearer to the beautiful,
rounded buttocks.

     "Oooo. You should see yourself, Mrs Bending." The handsome older woman
chuckled, unmindful of the younger ones tears. "This big, fat bum of yours as
rounded out splendidly. Oh, and just look at that. Your chubby cunny is bulging
right out from between your lovely thighs." She looked at the sobbing girl's
lovely face and leered at her, lecherously.

     "How sweet it looks." She crooned. "We can see all the crack. It's quite
red and wet, my dear. And so are the inner lips that are hanging out of it. Oh,
it's so pretty."

    Here the lustful brunette gave a dirty, throaty laugh.

    "Ooooo! Mrs Bending." She said, pretending to be shocked. "We can even see
your bumhole. It's trying to hide there, between the cheeks of your arse. Oh,
I've just got to take a closer look at that. Besides, I've got to examine this
sopping cunt of yours. So just hold still."

    Her eyes shining with excitement, Dolly placed her hands on June's rounded
arse, one on each smooth, white buttock. The younger woman wailed, but held her
lewd position.

    Dolly, giggling loudly, glanced down at June's flushed face. Big tears were
running from the weeping blonde's down-cast eyes and dripping off her red,
flushed cheeks onto the cream coloured carpet.

    "I'm just going to pull apart your bum cheeks, so we can have a good look at
your arsehole, Mrs Bending." Laughed the leering lady. "Keep them slack, now."

      And with malicious delight, the beautiful business woman clenched her
long, elegant fingers, cruelly, into the soft flesh of the young wife's big,
full, dumpling-like buttocks and, pulling them open, spread them wide apart.
There, shamefully exposed to her lecherous gaze, was the puckered, wrinkled lips
of the sobbing blonde's pouting anus.

     "Ooooooooo. Mr Cane. Look at that." Dolly almost snarled the words. Her
lovely, full red lips were twisted into an obscene pout of lust. "It's sweet Mrs
Bending's arsehole. Oooooo. Look at it. Isn't a big one? All wrinkled and pink."
She dropped her eyes, again, to June's flushed face and leered, lasciviously.
"How pretty it is, my dear."

     George pushed his sweating face even closer to the young woman's shamefully
displayed anus, his eyes burning with desire.

     "It is a big one." He agreed. "But it looks pretty tight, to me."

      Dolly nodded, delightedly, and ran her middle finger, eagerly, around the
rim of the puckered rosette. It's wrinkled, pouting lip felt firm and rubbery to
her touch.

     "Yes. It certainly seems quite tight." She said.

      Looking again around the bending young mother's soft, bare body to her
bowed, blonde head, the grinning brunette called to the sobbing girl.

     "Tell me, my dear." She enquired. "Is this big, beautiful bumhole of yours,
a virgin?"

     The girl's flushed face turned and looked back at the older woman with
apprehension.

     "I..I don't th..think I..I un..understand y..you, Miss St..Stern." She
sobbed.

     "Oh, I think you do." The darker woman chuckled, evilly. "Let me put it
this way. Has you dear Hubby or the Australian or anyone else, for that matter,
ever slipped his cock up your pretty bum? Have you ever had your 'shit shoved up
hill'? Have you ever been buggered, Mrs Bending?"

     The young woman gave a loud gasp and her face became even redder.

    "Most certainly not." She cried, indignantly. "Nobody has ever done THAT to
me. Not ever."

     "I'm so pleased to hear that, Mrs Bending." Dolly laughed, with a sly wink
to George. "So very pleased." She went on. "Now, my dear, let's have a good look
at this lovely, chubby cunt of yours, shall we?"

      The beautiful woman dropped her right hand down beneath the big, rounded
buttocks, to where the humiliated young wife's plump, bald cunny bulged out
deliciously from between her voluptuously full thighs. The blonde gave a gasp
and a little jump, as she felt Dolly's fingers and thumb run gently over her
soft, fat cunt lips, but although she continued to weep, she still maintained
her lewd pose.

     To Dolly, June's soft, white, bulging, velvet smooth sex looked like a fat,
ripe peach that had burst wide open. Compared to the pale, plump lips on either
side, its crack was a wet, raw red, from which hung the puffy, swollen folds of
the inner lips.

     "What a pouter." Dolly leered, excitedly. With her finger and thumb, she
prised the fat lips apart and spread the crack open wide. "How pretty it is."
She smiled and pushed two fingers, deep, into the girl's belly.

     "How is it?" George asked with a grin.

     "Well, now." Answered Dolly, rolling her eyes as she twisted her fingers
around in the young wife's hot depths. "For such a big young lady with such a
fine, fat cunny as this is, she's surprisingly tight. She's a little bit dry,
too. But we'll fix that, in a while, I'm sure."

     The older woman slipped her fingers out of the younger one's fleshy sheath
and pushed back the pulpy folds that formed the prominent hood that protruded
from the top of the girl's crack.

     Suddenly, between Dolly's wickedly inquisitive finger and thumb, out popped
the swollen stalk of a surprisingly large clitoris.

     "Oh! I say! Look at this, Mr Cane." The woman laughed. "She's just full of
surprises, isn't she?"

      And as she and her red faced lover feasted their smouldering eyes on the
luscious sight, her tongue licking over her full, red lips, which lust had
twisted into a lecherous pout, Dolly eagerly closed her finger and thumb,
tightly, onto the bloated bud.

     June squealed, as if in pain, but unheeding, Dolly shook the girl's big
tickler, vigorously.

     "Aaarh! God! No. Don't do that, please." The young wife sobbed, still
obediently gripping her ankles.

      But Dolly and George were delighted to see that, despite the buxom young
woman's protests, her bloated clitty continued to expand and swell up under the
skilful manipulations of the older woman's hand. It now extended, rigidly from
its hood, engorged and enflamed and could be seen to be throbbing, lasciviously,
between the lovely brunette's fingers.

     "My, my, Mrs Bending!" Exclaimed Dolly, with a wicked giggle, "Such a big
clitty! And so very sensitive, too. I can see you have been working on it quite
a lot."

     Taking her hands off the weeping blonde, the woman straightened up.

     "Right, my dear." She smiled, gleefully down at the humiliated young
mother. "Time to start paying your debts."

     She turned to George, who was red faced with excitement.

     "I think this position is quite a good one to start off with, don't you, Mr
Cane?" The lustful brunette grinned roguishly at her lover. "Stand here on her
left and give it to her bare handed first, just to warm her up a bit."

    George, eagerly suiting actions to words, quickly took up his position on
June's left. The buxom young wife, her voluptuous body bent over, was still
submissively presenting her superb arse for a well deserved punishment.

    George gazed down onto the full, smooth white globes, which rounded out so
helplessly before him. Having thrown off his coat and tie, he now rolled up his
shirt sleeves in a businesslike manner.

    "Are you quite ready, Mrs Bending?" He asked the weeping girl.

    June trembled with fear as she looked back over her shoulder at the big
man's leering face. Her bottom lip quivered and the buxom blonde could hardly
speak.

    "Yes, Mr Cane." She answered with a gulp. "I'm ready."

    "Right, then." George said, rising his big hand high in the air. "You'll be
taking this sort of treatment for the next six years, at least, so you had
better get use to it. This is the first of many."

     The man's hand came smashing down in a long, sweeping swing, with all his
considerable force behind it.

     CRACK.

     The sound filled the brightly lit bedroom.

     "YAAAEEERGH!" June shrieked out in anguish. It felt as though a red-hot
iron had been pressed against one of her big buttocks. She leapt upright, her
body arching backwards. Her hands clutching her clenching buttocks and her feet
stamping the floor in a funny little dance.

     "Stop that." Dolly shouted, barely concealing her laughter, as the weeping
girl's big breasts bounced up and down as she danced. "Take your hands away and
get back into position."

      Sobbing, the blond tried to resume her former stance, but she found it  
very difficult. She managed to grip her ankles, but could not straighten her
knees.

     Dolly and George laughed, gleefully, as they watched with lustful delight
the animated contortions of June's clenching, spasming buttocks.

     "Ooooh! That was a good one, George." She giggled, bending forward Eagerly
to watch as a flaming red welt, the shape of George's hand blossomed angrily,
across one of June's big, burning bum-cheeks. "You can feel the heat from here.
If you keep them all like that one, it should be just right."

    "I don't think Mrs Bending would agree." George laughed. "Did you feel that
one, Mrs Bending?" He asked.

     The writhing blonde remained silent, apart from her whining and sobbing.

     "Answer Mr Cane when he speaks to you." Snapped Dolly.

     "I said, did you feel that one, Mrs Bending?" The man repeated his
question.

      "Y..Yes. Ye...Yes, I did fee..feel it, Mr Cane." The buxom young mother
sobbed out, tearfully, her splendid buttocks still writhing, deliciously.

     "I'm so glad." George grinned and again raised his big hand high into the
air.

      CRACK.

      His heavy palm smacked down flat upon June's other quivering arsecheek.

      "WAAAaaaahhhhh." The naked, bending, housewife gave another shout of
anguish, but before June could leap up, George gripped the back of her neck with
his left hand and forcibly held her in position.

       CRACK. CRACK. CRACK. CRACK. CRACK.

      The man's right hand rose and fell rapidly and viciously against the
screaming young woman's bounding bum and her blubbering cries filled the sunny
room.

      After a good forty burning smacks across the girl's, by now, blazing                                              
red arse globes, George stepped back to admired his handiwork.             With
a grin, he looked at the beautiful face of his mistress and saw that it was
flushed red with excitement.

      "Would you like to try your hand at warming the lady's big bum for her,
Miss Stern?" George leered at the eager brunette.

     "Oh, yes please, Mr Cane." The lovely accountant laughed with delight. "I'd
love to."

      The man and woman quickly exchanged places and, after insisting that June
maintained the grip on her ankles, Dolly stooped for a moment and gleefully
examined the weeping girl's red and twitching arse.

     "Some of these welts are turning quite purple, George." She giggled. "You
must have a very hard hand."

      Putting out her right hand, she gently touched the hot, quivering flesh
with her fingertips.

      June gave a gasp, but Dolly ignored it.

      "So sensitive." The brunette smiled. "Just feel that heat."

      Then, straightening up, the handsome woman eagerly raised her hand high in
the air and brought it slapping down on one of the sobbing girl's quivering
arsecheeks with a....

      CRACK.

      "WAAARRRRHH." June gave a yell and her fat arse leapt again.

      Dolly gave a cruel laugh of glee at the writhing of the screaming girl's
buttocks.

      "Don't you dare straighten up, you Slut." She snapped, and laughing with
delight, she began raining blows down onto the weeping young wife's bouncing
arse.

       CRACK. CRACK. CRACK. CRACK.

      "Aaaah! Just look at her squirm." Leered the delighted lady, her hand
falling, viciously, again and again on the rounded, writhing buttocks before
her.

       CRACK.  CRACK. CRACK. CRACK. CRACK. CRACK.

       Suddenly, she stopped smacking the sobbing blonde's bouncing bum and,
plunging her hand between the crying girl's quivering thighs, she thrust her
stiffened middle finger deep into her winking, red cuntcrack.

      The brunette shook her lovely head.

      "Her cunny is still too dry for my liking." She said with a thoughtful
frown. "Could I try something, Mr Cane?"

      "Be my guest." George laughed.

      Ignoring the young woman's sobs and withdrawing her finger, Dolly spoke to
her, briskly.

     "Stand upright, Mrs Bending." The darker lady ordered the blonde.

      Completely dejected, June stood up, snivelling quietly.

     "Don't forget to keep your lovely bum nicely rounded, Mrs Bending." Dolly
said, lightly.

      Crying helplessly, the buxom young woman thrust back her heavy buttocks at
the leering pair.  

      "That's better." Dolly smiled, as she and George walked around to the
blonde's front.

       Placing her fingers under the girl's chin, she lifted her tearstained
face until it was upright.

      "You must keep your head up and look at us when we talk to you, Mrs
Bending." She said.

      The business woman turned her head to her boss, but kept her eyes on the
younger woman's beautiful face to watch her reaction to what she was about to
reveal.

      "As her Husband is away from the family home so much of the time, Mrs
Bending here, spends a lot of her time alone masturbating herself, Mr Cane."
Dolly sneered.

      As she spoke the words, the brunette was delighted to see that her
spiteful disclosure had struck home. With cruel glee, she saw a deep, red flush
of shame flood the young mother's beautiful face and down across her full
breasts.

     "Is that a fact?" Said George, chuckling at the sobbing girl's obvious
embarrassment.

     "Oh, yes." Dolly went on. "The dirty Slut fingers herself furiously every
day, until her cunt is frothing. Isn't that so, Mrs Bending?"

     The girl gulped and tearfully nodded her lovely head.

     "Yes, Miss Stern." She sobbed.

     "Well, then, Mrs Bending." Dolly continued. "I want you to put your left
hand down onto your cunny and spread its fat lips open."

      Apprehensively, the girl obeyed. Moving her hand slowly to her sex, she
spread its lips with her first and middle finger.

     "Come on." The brunette snapped, impatiently. "Open your crack wide. We
want to see that big Ciltty of yours, pop out."

      Blushing with burning shame, June spread her cuntcrack wide open and
pulled back its fleshy hood."

     "Aaaaa!" Said Dolly, bending foreword to see better.

     Out from between the shapely young Wife's wide spread fingers had 'popped'
her enflamed and swollen tickler.

    "You see, Mr. Cane." The older woman pointed out. "It's still very stiff.
She must like it when we blister her bum."

     She straightened up and faced the weeping girl, once more.

    "Now, lift your right hand and put your middle finger into your mouth." She
Directed. "That's right. You're Frigging finger."    

    The Young womam complied.

    "Cover it well with saliva. That's it." She nodded as the girl did as she
was told. "Now coat your big clitty with it."

     June looked down past her belly to see what she was doing.

     "That's the way." Dolly leered, as she watched the big blonde at her task.
"Use more if that's not enough to cover it."

     Knees slightly bent, full thighs spread wide, the gasping, naked young
mother, spit onto her fingers and smeared her saliva all over her bloated red
clitoris.

    "That's lovely." Encouraged her gleeful instructress. "Now I want you to
give yourself a good frigging, to get your cunny juices flowing. So go right
ahead and start fingering yourself, Mrs Bending."

    Scarlet with shame, the humiliated young wife began rubbing her fingertips
over the slippery nub of her rigid clit.

    "Come on. Put a bit of life into it. We haven't got all day." Shouted the
eager brunette. "Show a bit of enthusiasm. I know you can do it better than
that. Rub harder. Faster. Faster. That's it. That's the way."

     Under the delighted gaze of the older man and woman, the buxom young mother
began vigorously abusing herself, strumming her swollen tickler until her
shapely body was trembling all over in response.

    "Yes." Dolly chuckled. "That should do the trick."

     And as George sat on the edge of the bed, watching the amusing and arousing
scene with mounting  excitement, the lecherous brunette began to undress.         




F. Chapter 4.

    When the beautiful Miss Stern had stripped down to her undies, she noticed
that the shamed blonde, while still masturbating furiously, was gazing,
apprehensively, at her.

    Throwing off her brassiere with a flourish, the lovely woman bared her
large, white breasts, their thick, pink nipples, stiffened with desire, and was
delighted to see the look of admiration in the younger woman's passion filled
eyes.

     Proudly, Dolly walked around the room, pretending to ignore the groaning,
gasping girl. At the far side of the big bed she looked down.

    "Oooo! Look what I've found, Mr Cane." She giggled. "Hubby's slippers."

    She stooped down and, picking up one of the slippers, she showed it to
George. It was an expensive red leather item, scarcely worn.

    The woman turned to the young blonde, who had by now fingered herself to a
loudly panting, quivering condition, and held the slipper up before her flushed
face.                   

    "What large feet your Husband must have, Mrs Bending." Dolly smiled her
sweet smile. "Such big, wide soles and just look how stiff and smooth the
leather is."

     The brunette held the slipper up by the heel and smacked the broad sole
down onto the palm of her hand with a meaningful 'CRACK'.

     "I think we'll use this on that big, hot arse of yours." She grinned.
"Poetic Justice, don't you think?"

      She turned to her lover.

     "Strip to your under-pants, Mr Cane." She said to the sweating man. "Then
you'll be almost ready." 

     George hurried to do as she had said. When he was naked but for his
Y-fronts, he carried his clothes to the side of the room and placed them, neatly
on a chair. Turning back he faced the two women. His heavy body was covered with
thick black hair. Not only his belly and chest, but even his back, shoulders and
arms. His pot-belly hung over the waistband of his pants, which bulged out in
front as if a tent pole was planted there.

    Dolly was watching him with affection, when a sudden groan from the younger
woman made her turn back towards the blonde.

    June, her blue eyes smouldering with arousal and still vigorously
masturbating herself, was standing, tottering, were they had left her. The
fingers of her right hand furiously strumming her exposed and swollen tickler,
her lovely face thrust foreword, her red lips twisted in a pout of lust. Her
heavy buttocks, rounded belly, full white thighs and big, melonous tits, all
shook with mounting ecstasy. Her lovely legs, bent at the knees and thighs
spread wide, she eagerly humped her cunt back and fore at her flying fingers, as
she began to squeal with lust and cry with shame at the same time.

    Dolly moved close to the sobbing girl.

    "Ooooo. Look at her." The brunette leered. "Look at her move her arse. The
Slut."

    She moved around the back of the weeping, moaning young mother and watched
her heaving arsecheeks with cruel delight.

    Laughing, she put her hand between the backs of the buxom girl's thighs and
clutched her fat lipped cunt with her fingers.

    "Ah-ah!" She shouted. "She's sopping now."

    And gripping the girl's blonde hair with her wet, left hand, she twisted her
beautiful face towards her own and brandished the slipper before her tearful
eyes.

    "Keep on frigging yourself, Mrs Bending." Dolly cried. "I'm just going to
introduce your Husband's slipper to your fat arse."

    And taking up her position behind the masturbating young Wife, she raised
the stiff leather slipper high and brought it down on the girl's big, round,
quivering arsecheeks with a great......

    SPLAT.

   "WAAAAAAHHHHH!" June shrieked, as the scalding heat in her arse seemed to
burst deep into her swollen cunt.

    Dolly and George watched with wide eyed delight as a deep red welt blossomed
across the screaming young woman's franticly writhing buttocks.

    Even as the burning pain of the stroke spread through her arse and cunt,
June felt a deep resentment at the loss of her orgasm. Sobbing with frustration,
even as she writhed, she continued to masturbate furiously, desperate to achieve
her climax.

    SPLAT.

    Again Dolly brought the slipper flashing down. This time delivering a hard
smack on the girl's other contorting buttock.

    "YYNNAAAAAARRHHH!" The buxom young mother again shrieked with anguish, as
fire once more seemed to spread over her big, bounding bum and flood through her
abused cunny. Squealing with pain, humiliation and shame, she made her
'diddling' fingers dance franticly over her inflamed and swollen clit.

     Laughing with cruel delight, Dolly brought the broad soled slipper down,
again and again, across the young blonde's agitated arse.

    SPLAT. SPLAT. SPLAT. SPLAT. SPLATSPLATSPLAT.

    The beautiful brunette rained the heavy blows down onto the screaming young
wife's full, bouncing bumcheeks.

    "EEEEEAAH! OOOAAHH! OOOH! OH GOD! NO! NO! EEEEEAAH! OH GOD! NNAAAR!
PLEEEEASE! NO MORE! NO MORE!" June shrieked and cried, in a strange mixture of
pain and sexual arousal, as she squirmed there, submissively accepting the cruel
punishment to her burning bum, while masturbating herself in near frenzy.

    "Oh, Mr Cane." Called a delighted Dolly, between strokes. "Look! Look at her
go!"

      The man and woman watched, gleefully, as the bitterly crying young blonde
stood, writhing before them, thighs spread, knees bent, presenting her round and
purpled buttocks to the cruel blows. The two middle fingers of of her left hand
were plunged deep into her gaping cuntcrack, while the thumb and fingers of her
right, vigorously squeezed and shook her engorged and throbbing tickler. The
melonous, milk white globes of her breasts, their big nipples swollen a deep,
turgid red, jumped and juddered, each time the slipper 'SLAPPED' hard across the
boiling cheeks of her fat arse.

    George moved to stand directly in front of the squealing young woman.
Putting out both his large hands, he gripped her big, thick nipples between his
thumbs and forefingers. Squeezing the swollen stalks tightly, he lifted the
weighty jugs out and away from her body, until he had both heavy tits hanging by
their teats. The great, fleshy globes, swung wildly to and fro, in time with
June's frantic frigging, as they dangled from his fingertips, suspended by her
stretched nipples. To her rear, the lascivious Dolly continued to administer a
sound thrashing with the slipper, to the fiery red, purple and obviously swollen
cheeks of her deliciously round and bouncing bum.

    SPLAT. SPLAT. SPLAT. SPLAT. SPLAT. SPLAT.

    The lovely brunette, her own big breasts swinging with the exertion of the
strokes and sweat dripping off her near naked body, swung her arm up and down,
up and down, as she energetically beat a tattoo on the buxom young mother's fat
arse.

    "NAAAAHH! OOOH! OOOW! AAAH! OH! MY BUM! AAH! OH! OH! MY NIPPLES! AAAH!
AAAAAAH! MY CUNNY! AAAH! AAAH! OH! OH! OOOO!? IT'S STARTING! OOOO! AAAAAH!
OOOOH! I'M GOING TO CUM! GOING TO CUM! OOOOOW!"    The blubbering blonde yelled
out as her nimble fingers spurred on her convulsing quim, to orgasm.                                                                   

     "She's getting ready to spurt." George called to his flushed mistress.    

     "Yes, I know." Dolly answered, looking down between the younger woman's red
and swollen bumcheeks, where she could clearly see the girl's puckered, pink
anus, twitch and pout convulsively, as if it were blowing her a kiss. "I can see
her arsehole winking at me."

      Throwing aside the slipper, Dolly slipped her middle finger under the
sopping gusset of her silk knickers and running it along her wet cuntcrack, the
lovely, lustful lady, coated it well with her love cream. Removing the
lubricated digit, she then proceeded to probe it's tip into the centre of the,
almost, spasming blonde's pouting anus.

    "Oh, no! Please, no! Not that!" Dolly heard the girl groan. But she was
amused to see that the aroused young wife pushed her flaming arse, back onto the
slippery intruder.

     With a sadistic giggle, the beautiful brunette screwed her greasy fingertip
into the puckered opening.

     The lewd act triggered the girl's climax.

     "AAAAAAH!" Cried the buxom young mother in shame and anguish. "OOOOOOOH!
Ho, God! Ho, God! AAAAAAAH! I'M CUMMINGGGG!"

    As the young blonde's climax hit her, Dolly thrust, firmly foreword with her
stiff finger and plunged it deep into the tight, rubbery ring of the squealing
girl's greasy, pink arsehole.

    "NNAAAAAAAAAAARRRHHHH!" June yelled, as her own flashing fingers continued
milking her hot and spurting cunny and her tight anus clenched rhythmically
around Dolly's thrusting finger.

     The older woman gloated with glee as the young woman, racked with orgasm,
spurted her cuntcream over the carpet.

     "OH! AAAH! OH, GOD! OH, YES! YES! AAAAAAH! YES! OH, GOD! AAARH! OH, GOD!
AAAAAaaaaaaaaaaaaah!"

     With a final, long groan of obscene satisfaction, June's shapely legs
buckled under her. She would have collapsed, but for George in front, holding
her up by her tits and Dolly at her rear, supporting her by the stiffened finger
embedded, deep, in her churning bowels.

     "Oh! Mrs Bending!" Dolly laughed. "You've CUM all over the carpet.

    How lewd you were, you dirty slut. I think you loved having your fat arse
smacked. We shall have to give you some more, I think."

     Sobbing with shame and pleasure mixed, the young blonde hung there, her
fingers still gently rubbing her dribbling cunny, suspended by her stretched and
swollen nipples in the front and by her bulging arsehole at the back.

     "Here, come on!" Snapped Dolly. "Stand up. Come on; take your weight on
your own legs."

     And she gave the gasping girl a stinging, left-handed slap on her flaming
red buttocks. 

     June uttered a little shout of pain and, regaining some of her composure,
stood up, shakily, on her pretty feet. As she straightened up, George still held
both her big breasts out away from her body, so that the full weight of the
heavy jugs still hung suspended from their stretched and turgid nipples. Also,
close behind her, she could feel the heat from the older woman's body and the
greasy thrusting of the stiff finger probing deep up her tightly clenched
arsehole.

      Obediently, the young mother stood between the man and woman as they
continued abusing her lovely, voluptuous curves.

     Before her, the big man shook her dangling tits until the milky globes
clapped together loudly. While behind her, the beautiful brunette stirred her
inquisitive finger, around and around, in the hot, wet depths of her of her
bowels.

     Dolly watched with delight, as the sobbing girl started to respond to their
depraved caresses. George's assault on her breasts and her own gross violation
of her virgin anus, only aroused her the more. June's docile submission to her
humiliation, fired the handsome business woman to new heights of lechery.

    Dolly lifted her left hand and grasping a fistful of the girl's blonde hair,
she twisted her lovely face towards her own. After gazing into each others
smouldering eyes for some moments, the two women's beautiful faces came, slowly,
together. Their hungry mouths seeking each other, their full, red lips crushing
together in a wide open, wet kiss. Each sucking greedily at the other's
searching tongue.

     At last Dolly broke away. Pulling back her head, she looked at girl's
flushed face and, watching her expression carefully, she plunged her finger even
deeper up the blonde's arse.

     "AAAAAH!" June groaned, but thrust her fleshy buttocks firmly back at the
older woman's hand.

     Leering at the girl's predicament, the brunette began to plunge her
stiffened digit, swiftly, in and out of the buxom blonde's tight and rubbery
arsehole.

    "Look how she responds, Mr Cane." Dolly called to her lover, who was still
happily dangling the girl's big tits by their nipples.

    "Yes, I see." George answered, rolling the swollen storks between his thumbs
and fingers and squeezing the thick, turgid nipples hard. "She's just what we've
been looking for. What a find, eh?"

     Dolly could see that June's hand had moved back to her bulging pubic mound
and that her middle finger was already stroking her exposed and bloated clit.

    "That's right, Mrs Bending." The brunette encouraged, her own stiffened
finger still smoothly flashing in and out of the young mother's oily rectum.
"I'm sure you can cum again."

     The girl's fingers began to dance in her wet crack. George dropped her
breasts and stood back. The great globes bounced and wobbled on her chest. Her
big, swollen nipples, looking sore and very enflamed.

     Dolly gave a laugh and bending her head foreword, sucked the nearest nipple
into her mouth.

     "YAAAHH!" June cried out and spreading her thighs, fingered herself,
furiously.

     After a few moments Dolly raised her head and, smiling sweetly, pulled her
finger from the younger woman's tight arsehole, with a wet 'plop'.

     The buxom young wife watched with a mixture of excitement and disgust, as
the leering lady lifted her hand to her face and sniffed her middle finger,
appreciatively. Then, with an evil chuckle, the luscious brunette lifted her
hand to the younger woman's lovely face and held the slimy digit under her nose.

    June flushed scarlet with shame and would have turned her head away had not
Dolly held her face firmly in place with a fistful of blonde hair.

    "Can you smell that, Mrs Bending?" The older woman asked.

    "Y..Yes." June answered, all of a fluster.

    "You know what it is, don't you?" Dolly grinned.

    "Yes." Sobbed the big blonde, beginning to cry again.

    "Oh, don't you cry, Mrs Bending." Dolly giggled. "It's only the smell of
your shit on my finger, that's all. I think it smells delicious."

    "You've made her cry but she hasn't stopped milking that big tickler of
hers." George observed with some amusement. "I think it's about time we got a
bit of the action, too. Don't you, Miss Stern?"

    "Good idea, Mr Cane." Dolly replied. "Let's get our knickers off."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      




F. Chapter 5.

      June, so aroused now that she could not stop abusing herself, no matter
how much shame and humiliation she felt, watched with mounting anxiety as her
two tormentors quickly stripped off their remaining clothes and at last
displayed themselves, stark naked, before her.

     She looked at the big man and again flushed with shame. His big, heavy
balls, hung down between his thighs. His rampant prick stood out, stiffly, from
under his bulging belly, its bloated knob seeming to pulse and glow an angry,
turgid red and a thick, milky cream dribbled from the gaping pisshole at the
tip.

     Turning her lovely head, she looked at the woman. Again she blushed to the
roots of her hair. Miss Stern was standing before her, knees bent, full thighs
spread wide, and her hips thrust forward. The older woman's beautiful face was a
mask of lust. Lips twisted in a lecherous leer, her left hand kneading her left
breast, while her right hand pulled aside the soft flesh of her right thigh.

     What gave June her biggest shock, was the big, bulging, bald cunny that
gaped at her in all its swollen glory. It's fat, white, naked cuntlips, pouting
out on each side of its raw, red crack, while it's inner lips and stiffened
clit, burst out in wet, puffy folds. The young blonde could not take her eyes
off the hairless pouter.

     "Like it, Mrs Bending?" The lovely brunette leered. "You must have a closer
look. It's not shaved, mind. Oh, no. This is the result of a much more permanent
and efficient process."

      Just then the naked man gripped the younger woman's arm and turned her to
face the foot of the bed once more.

     "You'll have plenty of time to admire Miss Stern's cunt in just a little
while, Mrs Bending." He grinned. "But first we've got some more well deserved
punishment for that big bum of yours."

     "Oh, no! Please! No more." June cried, her eyes again brimming with tears.

     "Oh, yes, Mrs Bending." George answered with a sneer. "You just bend over
the end of that bed and lean forward on your hands."

     Weeping, the naked young wife submissively obeyed and leaning over the end
of the bed, she supported herself on her arms.

    "That's it. Now move your legs closer to the bed and get your feet farther
apart." The man directed, his eyes blazing with lust. "Yer. That's right. Now
stick up that fat arse and round it out, like Mrs Stern showed you."

     June quickly assumed the lewd pose and waited, tearfully, for what was to
come next. Turning her head, she watched with mounting apprehension as the man
picked up the feather duster and pulling off the feathered head, threw it to one
side.

    Left with just a three foot long bamboo cane in his large hands, George
leered at Dolly and rolled his eyes, suggestively, at the young wife's fat,
naked arse.

     "Do you think this will warm it up a bit for her, Miss Stern?" He asked,
swishing the cane, experimentally, through the air. "Perhaps you would like to
lie on the bed in front of her and give her a good, close, look at that lovely
bald cunt of yours, while we do it, eh?"

     Dolly, her beautiful face contorted with lust, moved towards him and held
out her hand.

     "Oh, please, Mr Cane." She begged with a childish pout. "Let me give her a
few cuts to start her off. Pleeease."

      George gave a cruel chuckle and handed her the cane.

     "As you wish, my dear." He grinned, waving his hand, ceremoniously, towards
the blonde's big, naked bum. "Be my guest."

     The cruel brunette bent and flexed the cane in her hands; as if to test its
strength.  

     "Thank you, Mr Cane." She crooned, as she sized up June's heavy, rounded
buttocks with one of her sweet smiles. "If you would stand by her face, she can
admire that big 'Rajah' of yours, while I work on her fat arse."

     George moved close to the buxom blonde's pretty face and gripping his prick
at the base of it's shaft, he bounced it up and down in front of her wide,
worried eyes.

     Behind her, Dolly carefully laid the cane gently, across both full, smooth
arsecheeks.

     At it's touch the girl gave an apprehensive cry.

     With a cruel giggle, the lovely older woman raised the cane high in the
air.

     "Get ready, Mrs Bending." She laughed. "Here it comes."

      And she brought the cane swishing down across both the girl's full,
rounded cheeks with a mighty.....

     SSSSSSWWWIIIISSSSSSSSSSHH. CRACK!

     "YYNNNAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHH!" The young wife's shriek filled the sunny room.

     "Lovely." Dolly laughed with cruel delight. "Here's some more."

      Swish. CRACK! Swish. CRACK! Swish. CRACK!

      The beautiful business woman brought the cane down with careful precision
in a ferocious volley of hard, burning cuts across the younger woman's round and
fleshy buttocks. June's shrieks were like music to their ears.

      After a score of cuts, Dolly turned to George and handed back the cane.

      "I'm ready now, Mr Cane." She panted. "You take over while I get comfy."

     And while George inspected the purple and red welts that striped the blonde
girl's writhing arse, the lecherous brunette climbed onto the bed and sprawled
before the bitterly crying young wife.

     Arranging herself under the girl's sweet, tear streaked face, Dolly lay
back on some pillows and, pulling her knees back to her naked breasts, spread
her thighs wide. Her bald and pouting cunt bulged and gaped under the blonde's
fearful eyes.

     "There now, isn't it a pretty one?" She asked the wide eyed young woman,
with a giggle. "It cost a small fortune to get it all smooth and bald like
that."

      The tearful girl stared at the older woman's pouting, naked sex, with
fascination. Her pink tongue flicked out over her full, red lips as she saw the
crack gape, the inner lips thicken and unfold and the large clitoris, stiffen
and swell until it stood, ridged and engorged, under her awed gaze.

      Watching the young woman's reactions with delight, Dolly moved both her
hands down between her splayed thighs and with her fingers on the plump lips,
she pulled open her rosy cuntcrack for June's inspection.

      "Yes, my dear." She went on. "It's so smooth and clean like that. Just
like a little girl's. And it's so much nicer to suck and lick, too."

      June's big, tearful blue eyes flashed up with sudden apprehension, to the
sprawling brunette's beautiful face. Dolly's head was tilted to one side and she
was smiling her sweetest smile.

    "Yes, Mrs Bending," She nodded her lovely head. "I said Lick and Suck." And
she humped her rosy, widely spread sex, lewdly, towards the girl's trembling
mouth.

    "Now, I'd like you to stick your tongue, deep into my crack and suck my
whole cunt, right into your pretty mouth, my dear." The lustful lady purred to
the shocked young wife. "I know your going to love doing it. Every one says I
taste delicious."

     With those words, she lifted her right hand to her mouth and licked, with
lascivious relish at the rich, milky juice that thickly coated her fingers.

     June looked down at the plump, gaping, oozing cunny, so shamelessly
displayed just a few inches from her face. She could feel its warmth on her
cheeks and in her nostrils she could smell the exciting smell of a beautiful,
mature, woman in heat.

     Strange, new thrills raced through her body and seemed to explode in her
own aroused sex, making her big swollen clitty jump and throb exquisitely.

    The young wife shut her eyes, bit her lower lip and shook her blonde head.

     "I'm sorry Miss Stern." She cried. "I...I just couldn't. I never have
before. Not with...Not with another woman."

     "You'll soon get use to it, Mrs Bending." The business woman chuckled. "And
you must. I'm not asking you. I'm telling you. So get that lovely head of yours
down here and get your beautiful mouth sucking."

     Just then June felt the man's naked, hairy body press against hers as he
leaned over her and looked over her shoulder.

     "Having any trouble?" He asked his assistant with a wink. "Perhaps I'd
better work a bit more on this big bum of her's?"

     "Oh, no! Please God, no!" Cried June, again bursting into tears.

     "Yes. Good idea." Dolly leered up at her lover. "Get her fat arse warmed up
again."

     George stepped back behind the girl and she, in an effort to see what he
was about to do, strained her lovely head around and looked back over her
shoulder. He smiled into her pretty, tear stained face with its big blue eyes
and waved the cane at her.

     "Change your mind?" He asked.

     She shook her head. "I couldn't. I just couldn't." She snivelled.

     "Right then, Mrs Bending." He grinned. "Hold on, here it comes."

     He raised the cane high in the air and brought it flashing down in a
stinging.....SSsssssswish.

     CRACK.

     "WWAAAAAAAAAAAHH !" She shrieked.

     Swish CRACK. Swish CRACK. Swish CRACK.

    Again and again the big naked man smacked the long whippy cane down in a
stinging, blistering cut across the screaming, naked blonde's full, red
buttocks.

    As she shrieked and writhed at the scolding heat of the strokes, below her,
sprawled on the bed and vigorously fingering her own wet quim, the lecherous
brunette watched with glee, the anguished, tearful expressions that twisted the
younger woman's lovely face.

     "Give her a few across those lovely plump thighs of hers." Dolly called to
her lover. "On the soft, rounded parts, high on the inside of her legs. That'll
make her hit the high notes."

     "Anything you say. Miss Stern." George answered with a chuckle. "Now, Mrs
Bending. Bend your knees a bit more. That's it. Now spread your thighs wider.
Wider. That's lovely. Now lift your fat arse higher. Right. Hold it like that."

    Sobbing, June did as he bid her. There was a slight pause, then she heard
the swish of the cane. It was as if he laid a red hot poker across the fleshy
inner part of one of her full thighs.

     "NNEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAHHHH!" Her shriek filled the room.

      She would have leapt up, but he gripped the back of her neck and held her
down.

      "Hold still." He commanded.

      She held her position. Just. Her plump, purple welted, boiling buttocks,
writhing and twisting as if on fire. Hot tears dripping down onto Dolly's round,
white belly. The woman spread them into her pale flesh with a cruel laugh.

     Sssswish.

     CRACK.

    "NNEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAHHHH!"

     He had treated her other soft, inner thigh to a scolding cut.

     "No! No! Pleeeease. No more. No more. I'll do it. I'll do it." The
writhing, weeping young mother sobbed, pitifully.

     And, while Dolly gloated triumphantly over her debasement, the buxom young
wife lowered her lovely face to the older woman's waiting cunt.

      Through her pain and tears, June was horrified to feel a shameful
excitement run through her body. She smelt the hot, sweet smell of the lovely
woman, waft up into her flaring nostrils. She opened her full, red lipped mouth,
extended her pink tongue as far as she could and with a cry of shame, she
plunged it deep into the woman's gaping, wet cuntcrack.

    "AAAAH!" Dolly cried out with joy. "OOOOOW! AAAAAHH! YES! YES! SUCK IT! SUCK
IT!"

     Writhing in cruel delight, the aroused brunette gripped the younger woman's
hair in both hands and, looking down through the deep valley between her own
heaving breasts and over her quivering, rounded belly, she watched with squeals
of glee, as June's lovely, red lips opened wide and obediently and sucked the
fat, naked lips of her cunt in, until her spurting, spasming sex was completely
enclosed in the weeping, subjugated young wife's pretty mouth.

     "AAAAH! That's it!" The older woman groaned in delight. "Now. SUCK IT!
AAAAAAH! Yes! YES!"

     Submissively, the sobbing young blonde began sucking hard at the writhing
woman's plump cunt.

    "Oh, yes! That's lovely, my dear." Dolly leered down at June's flushed face
as, twisting the girl's corn coloured hair in both fists, she pressed her
gushing twat deeper into the girl's mouth. "And get that sweet tongue of yours
working, too."

    Strangely, although still crying, June was now fully aroused by her shameful
humiliation. Snorting with lust, she could feel Dolly's fat, bald cunt lips
swelling in her mouth and she could taste the lewd lady's thick, rich love juice
as it gushed over her tongue. She gave a groan of total submission and, gripping
the woman's full, white thighs in her in her arms, she plunged the hot wedge of
her tongue in and out of the squealing brunette's gaping gash, while at the same
time sucking greedily, at the plump, bare lips.

      George's jowlly face was red with lust and his heavy, hairy body dripped
with sweat as he watched the two beautiful women squeal and groan before him.
Now that her head was lowered, the young blonde's superb arse seamed to rear up
and round out towards him even more lewdly than it had done before. Below the
puckered pink rosette of her winking bumhole, her chubby cunt bulged out from
between her full, white thighs, its red raw, dribbling cuntcrack gaped at him,
enticingly. With a snarl, he threw the cane aside and gripped his throbbing,
painfully engorged prick in his fist.

      Through heavy lidded eyes, Dolly saw her lover advance towards June's
quivering bum.

     "Oooo! Mrs Bending." The curvy brunette laughed wickedly. "Brace yourself.
Mr Cane is about to mount you."

     Glancing down to where the blonde's flushed face was pressed firmly between
her full thighs she tightened her fingers in the younger woman's wheat coloured
hair and shook her lovely head.

     June's big, tearful blue eyes opened wide and with her mouth still full of
creamy cunt, she stared with alarm up over Dolly's heaving belly and tits and
gazed in dismay at the older woman's beautiful, lust contorted face as it
leered, cruelly down at her.

    "Yes, my dear." Dolly laughed, nodding eagerly down at the girl's tear
streaked face. "He's going to fuck you ever so hard. I know you are going to
love it. He's going to 'Backscuttle' you. Hold on tight, now."

     She looked up at George, gleefully. "She's ready, Mr Cane." She grinned.
"Go on. Ram it up her."

     George needed no urging. The rounded globes of the buxom young blonde's
dimpled arsecheeks, crossed red and purple with the hot welts of the punishment
they had administered to them, danced before him, voluptuously. Holding his
turgid prick pointing at her beautiful big bum, the big man advanced,
menacingly, on the degraded young mother.

     On reaching her, he gripped her plump hip firmly with his left hand and,
spreading his feet to get a good grip on the carpet, he stooped, shuffled
forward and directed the swollen, blood engorged knob of his ridged cock at her
gaping cuntcrack.

     Looking down, his burning eyes watched avidly as the livid gland neared the
wet, red slit of the young woman's peachlike twat. He halted the glowing tip a
hair's breadth from her palpitating pussy. Then, his lips curling back from his
teeth in a lascivious leer, he plunged the throbbing knob between her plump
cuntlips and stabbed it into the hot, wet depths of her oozing gash.

      June groaned into the swollen folds of Dolly's sex and her buxom body
jumped at the immodest contact.

     Dolly laughed, evilly, and held the girl's pretty mouth, tightly against
her own juicy cunt.

     For a few moments George enjoyed the sight and feel of the young wife's
fat, wet cuntlips, stretched open and bulging out around his cock's pulsing red
warhead. Releasing his hold on the shaft, he gripped her hips with both large
hands and, with one merciless lunge forward, embedded the full, swollen length
of his rigid prick, with a jolt, into the boiling depth of her belly.

     "MuuuuummphhhHH!" June's cry was lost in the folds of Dolly's twat as,
having been lifted off her feet by the jolt; she collapsed onto her knees before
him.    

     Standing firmly on his two feet, his strong fingers sinking into the
blonde's fleshy hips as he pulled her rounded buttocks, tightly, into his groin,
George dropped to a crouching squat behind her, the wide column of his cock
still embedded, to the root, in her swollen cunt.

     For some moments he squatted there, mounted on the young mother's fat arse,
savouring the delicious wet, hot contractions that engulfed his pulsing prick.

     Watching the look of pure pleasure spread across the florid face of her
lover, Dolly grinned up at him.

     "How is she?" She asked.

     "God! She's fucking delicious!" He groaned through clenched teeth. "Her
cunt's so tight and hot and wet. It's like sticking it into a tub of hot
butter."

      He sucked in air between his teeth.

      "Aaaaah! I can feel her cunt clenching around my cock." He gasped.

      "Go on!" Urged Dolly, shaking with excitement. "Fuck her! Give her a
right, Royal Shafting. Fuck her hard!"

      George withdrew his prick, with a sucking sound, from the exquisitely
tight confines of June's wet sex, until only the bloated knob remained within.
Then, with a vicious, hard jolt of his muscular hips, he rammed its full length,
to the hilt, into her belly.

     "UGHH!" The blonde's loud grunt vibrated through the fat lips of the older
woman's lust swollen cunt.

     "AAAAAAGH!" Came Dolly's answering cry. "Oh, yes! That was lovely! Make her
do it again."

     Obediently, George drew out his blood engorged cock to the knob and again
slammed it back into the girl's congested quim.

     "MMMUUMMPHHH!" Groaned June, into Dolly's cunt.

     "AAAAAAGH!" Cried Dolly, in delight.

     Again George withdrew his rigid prick and rammed it back into its slimy
sheath. Both women writhed and groaned and George pulled out and thrust in
again.

     In and out. In and out. In. Out. In. Out. In. Out. In. Out. In, out, in,
out, in, out, in-out-in-out-in-out.

     Taking a good, tight grip of her rounded hips, the big man began to fuck
the helpless young mother in earnest. His thick, steel hard prick thudding into
her battered cunt, in hard, fast, body juddering jolts. His hips thudding
against her burning buttocks. SLAP. SLAP. SLAP.

     "Go on! Fuck her! Fuck her! Fuck her!" Dolly cried out in delight, while
humping her gushing, bald cunt into the squealing young woman's open mouth. "Go
on! Fill her belly with spunk!"

     George, his rigid shaft now pistoning, smoothly in and out of June's plump
cunt, moved his hands up and gripped her round shoulders, firmly. Bending
forward over her back he put his face close to hers and watched, with lecherous
delight, as his mistress skilfully fucked the moaning young wife's sucking
mouth.

     Looking up at Dolly's lovely, lust contorted face, he grinned as the
lascivious brunette put out her tongue and wiggled it at him, lewdly.

     "Oh, George. This is delicious." The dark haired woman groaned. "I'm nearly
there. Bring her off, darling. I want to 'Cum' in her mouth just as she spurts
her cuntjuice."

      Eagerly, George did as he was bid. Dropping his strong hands from June's
shoulders, he slid them down, around her torso, to where the big, dangling
globes of her breasts hung down under her forward bending body. Cupping a heave
gourd in each palm, he began kneading her fleshy jugs in his fingers.

     His vigorous fucking of the buxom young blonde coupled with the mangling of
her big tits, soon had the desired result.

     Squealing and snorting into Dolly's humping cunt, June started thrusting
her fat arse back, violently, on to the hard and gristlely column of muscle with
which she was being shafted.

    "Ah! That's it! That's getting to her!" Cried Dolly, intently watching the
girl's every reaction. "Try milking that big clitty of her's George. That should
do it."

    "George, his sweat dripping over the writhing back of the kneeling blonde,
released her right tit to swing furiously, and moving his right hand down over
her rippling belly, he thrust his fingers into the folds of wet flesh that
bulged out of the top of her stretched cuntcrack.

     The squealing young wife bucked under him as his questing digit found its
prize and her large tickler popped out, naked and defenceless. Quickly, George
gripped the swollen stalk between finger and thumb and, squeezing it tightly, he
began twisting and stretching it, as he mercilessly milked the buxom, bucking
blonde to a climax.

     June gave a loud but muffled shriek and her eyes rolled back in her head,
beneath their half closed lids.

    "Look! Look! She's CUMMING!" Dolly squealed with wicked glee. "Quick,
George. Cream her. Pump your spunk into her belly."

     "AAAAAH! Yes! I feel it!" Gasped George, furiously pistoning his greatly
distended prick into the boiling depths of the blonde's convulsioning cunt.
"AAAAAAAAAAH! FUCK! Her cunt's sucking on my prick. Squeezing it. Milking it.
AAAAH! FUCK! I'M CUMMING! CUMMINNNNNGGG!"

     And with a loud bellow, he shot a great salvo of thick spunk, deep into the
young woman's belly.

    The lascivious spectacle of the humiliated young wife and mother being so
thoroughly raped by her lover, was more than Dolly's excited senses could stand.

    "OOOooooo! AAAAH! My CUNT! I'm going to CUM! I'M GOING TO CUMMMM!" The
handsome Matron shrieked while gripping the younger woman's lovely face in both
hands and thrusting her fat, bald, spurting cunt further into the naked girl's
open mouth. "AAAAAAH! Yes! YES! I'M CUMMING! I'M CUMMING IN HER MOUTH!
AAAAAAAAH! YES! RIGHT IN HER PRETTY MOUTH! AAAAAAAAAAGGGGHHHHH!"

     And the climaxing young Juno felt her mouth fill with spurts of thick
cuntcream, while her happy cunt was pumped full of rich, hot spunk.

    As her delicious orgasm slowly faded, June slumped forward over the relaxing
body of the groaning brunette, while George, in turn, collapsed onto her back.        




F. Chapter 6.



     All three lay that way for some minuets, as their panting gasps eased to a
more regular breathing. At last Dolly moved, languidly, and sat up.

    "Oooh! That was delightful!" She smiled, as she moved her hands over her
full breasts and kneaded the heavy globes, voluptuously. She then dropped her
hands to George's shoulders and shook him, insistently. "Come on, Mr Cane. You
don't want to crush the poor girl, do you? And there are such a lot of things I
still want to do to her, this session."

     George rolled off June's back, with a laugh.

    "Don't be so impatient, Miss Stern." He grinned. "We've got all the time in
the world. Years, in fact."

     Dolly watched as he pulled the long, slack, greasy length of his prick out
of the younger woman's sopping cunt, with a 'slurp', to let it dangle, heavily,
between his thighs.

    "Oh, I know." The beautiful brunette leered, lasciviously. "But I feel so
lewd and I have such a 'letch' for her."

     Giggling, she leapt from the bed and helped her lover to his feet.

    "Oh, come on, George. Quickly. Let me get at her." She laughed. "I know
she's ready for more. Did you see how well she fucks?"

     She took hold of the younger woman's shoulders and pulled her upright. The
young wife turned her lovely face to them, her big, blue eyes filled with the
tears of shame.

    "Oh, please! No more!" June wept, looking up at them, beseechingly.

    "No more?" Dolly screeched. "No more? Oh, yes, Mrs Bending. There is going
to be more! Lots and lots and lots more, before we finish with you!"

     The young woman burst out crying, bitterly.

     "Oh, come on, Mrs Bending." George grinned, holding his fat, slack cock in
his big hand and kneading its oily length, firmly. "We could see you loved every
minuet of it."

     "Oh, God! No! No I didn't. It was awful. I hated it!" June cried, shrilly,
looking up with a horrified expression on her lovely face and a red blush of
shame, spreading from her cheeks, down her neck and flooding across the soft,
swollen globes of her big, shuddering breasts.

     "No, Mrs Bending." Dolly leered down at the sobbing blonde. "We saw you.
You should have seen yourself. The way you fucked. The way you moved your big
bum, once Mr Cane had his cock up your cunt. Oooo, and you even sucked my bald
cunt for me, didn't you? And spurt your cream when I 'CUM' right in your mouth.
You sucked it so hard. You must have loved my flavour. You dirty Slut!"

    "I do hope you are on the Pill, Mrs Bending." George laughingly joined in.
"For I surly filled your belly with spunk. Pints of it."

     They both laughed cruelly as the young mother hid her face in her hands and
cried, bitterly.

     "Come on." Said Dolly, taking the naked blonde by her arms and pulling her
to her feet. "You seem to be cooling off. We'll have to warm you up again,
before we do anything else to you."

     George sat on the edge of the bed, watching, while his lecherous Mistress
lead the sobbing, humiliated young wife to the centre of the room. Turning the
buxom blonde to face her, Dolly stood so that both naked women stood 'belly to
belly'. 

     "Now, Do I have to smack your fat arse again or are you going to get more
friendly?" Asked the luscious brunette.

     June looked quickly up into the older woman's eyes and bit at her full
lower lip.

    "Well, let's see then, shall we?" Dolly smiled and putting her arms around
the girl, she gripped June's big, fleshy buttocks in her hands, pulled her belly
close to her own and, leering into the blonde's lovely face, began to rub her
fat, bald cunt against that of the younger woman.

    "Come on, now." She laughed, "Start humping that cunt of yours or Mummy
spank."

     Blushing red with shame, the buxom blonde placed her arms around Dolly's
waist and, gripping one of the older woman's heavy arsecheeks in each hand,
started to rub her swollen cunt back against the brunette's  bald twat.

     Soon both women were shaking with lust as they scrubbed and ground their
gaping cuntcracks together, with swiftly mounting excitement.

    "Ooooo! Mrs Bending!" Dolly squealed. "That's lovely. You learn so quickly,
my dear."

      	Leaning her face towards her gasping partner's the lustful brunette
offered her full, succulent, red mouth to the younger woman's desire swollen
lips.

       "Kiss me." She groaned, feeling the sobbing blonde's fingers tighten
their grip on her swiftly bounding buttocks. "Give me your sweet tongue."

       With a choked cry, June opened her soft lips and, crushing them wetly
against the moaning brunette's, she plunged her tongue deep into the older
woman's eager, sucking mouth.

      Sitting on the bed, pumping his quickly reviving prick into a renewed
erection, George leaned forward, excitedly watching the two beautiful, naked
women, writhing before his burning eyes.

     Both women's voluptuous, sweat soaked bodies, trembled and shook as they
groaningly plunged their tongues deep into each other's sucking mouths and, each
clinging tightly to the other's fat arse, furiously rubbed the enflamed and
gaping gashes of their wet and swollen cunts, vigorously together.

     Snorting with lust, they pulled their crushed lips apart and, with
smouldering, heavy lidded, half-closed eyes, each watched the other's lovely
lust contorted face as, their spasming cunts gushing hot cream against each
other, the lecherous women lewdly fucked each other to an exquisite and noisy
climax.

     "AAAAAH! Ohhhh! FUCK! George! Ooooh! Look at her!" Dolly shrieked. "She's
CUMMING! Look at her hump. Ooooo! George! I can feel her Cum. I can feel her
cream spurting over my cunt. She's gushing! AAaaaaaaaaaaaah!"

     The two stark naked women, tit to tit, belly to belly, cunt to cunt, their
hands holding their big arses as they rubbed their wet and swollen cracks,
furiously, against each other, their full thighs aquiver as their plump, pale
bodies juddered and shook with orgasmic pleasure. As their hysterical squeals
lowered to whimpering and their frenzied grinding slowed to a lewd writhing,
Dolly mouthed gross obscenities into the ear of the sobbing blonde. Still
gripping each other's bums, they tottered and George thought, for a moment, that
they would fall. But they regained their balance and, lifting their arms to each
other's plump, round shoulders, they kissed, soft and lovingly.

      "Oh! Mrs Bending!" Laughed Dolly, when she, at last, broke the warm
embrace. "That was delicious."

      The older woman thrust her hand between June's wet thighs and had a good
feel of the panting young blonde's soaked and throbbing cunt. She then held her
sopping fingers up before the girl's red, flushed face and leered, gleefully.

     "What a creamy cunt you have, my dear." The lecherous brunette giggled
while lewdly sniffing at her dripping hand. "I think I'll give you a good
sucking to finish you off."

     Holding the blushing girl by her arm, the brunette turned to the man
furiously masturbating on the bed.

     "Mr Cane." She smiled. "Would you bring that chair from the dressing table
to us, please?"

     Jumping to his feet, George quickly obliged.

     "Thank you, Mr Cane." Said Dolly, with a sly wink. "Now, Mrs Bending." She
smiled, sweetly at the subjugated young wife. "Just sit your pretty bum down
there."

     The chair had slim arms, padded, like its cushioned seat, with smooth
satin. When June had sat down in it, Dolly lifted both of the young woman's legs
and hung them over the chair's arms. Pulling the girl's bare arse foreword,
right off the seat, she arranged her in a lewd pose, with cunt and arsehole
obscenely exposed to her and George's lustful gaze.

      "Take those big udders of yours, one in each hand, and lift them up and
away from you, as if you are offering them to us." The dark girl instructed the
flushed faced blonde with a leer. "That's it. Now squeeze them, good and hard.
Yes, like that. Make them bulge out. Ooooo! Lovely!

      Moving quickly to the bed, she picked up a pillow and, hurrying back,
placed it on the floor just beneath the jutting overhang of the blonde's full
and rounded arse.

     "Now, this is what we are going to do." The shapely, naked brunette
continued. "I'm going to kneel here on this pillow in front of you."

      Dolly dropped to her knees on the pillow before June's wet and gaping
cunt, while the young Mother began, once more, to weep with shame at her obscene
exposure and also at the, now quite obvious, high arousal that her degrading
humiliation forced through her voluptuous body.

     "Then." Went on Dolly, ignoring the blonde's tears. "I'm going to lick out
this luscious, creamy cunt of yours."

     The older woman stuck out her tongue and wiggled it lewdly at the blushing
young Juno.

     "Then I'm going to suck it until you cum in my mouth. Just as I cum in
yours." The brunette giggled. "And when you do spurt your cream." She continued,
shaking her finger at the girl. "And this is very important mind. When you do
gush, you must turn your pretty face to your right, where Mr Cane will be
waiting."

      June glanced to her right and saw that George was already standing there,
pumping his fist up and down the bloated shaft of his prick and pointing his
throbbing, livid red knob, with it's open, gaping pisshole, right at her
trembling lips.

     "Yes, that's right, Mrs Bending." Dolly laughed. "Turn your head, just like
that. Then you must open your lovely mouth wide and put out your tongue and cup
it, just like this."

      The depraved lady opened her mouth wide and put out her own tongue, to
demonstrate just how she wanted it done. June watched her with apprehension and
then copied her, with precision.

     "That's the way." Laughed Dolly. "Then when you cum, Mr Cane will spunk
right into your sweet mouth. Oh, you're going to love it."

     She flashed a smile at George and then looked back at the tearful blonde.

     "Right, then." She chuckled. "Let's begin, shall we?"

     Sitting back on her heels, the lascivious lady gently ran her fingertips
down over the soft insides of June's full, wide splayed thighs, until both her
hands stopped on the swollen lips of the young housewife's shamefully exhibited
cunt.

      Disregarding the girl's snivelling cries of shame, Dolly gripped her fat
inner lips with her fingers and thumbs and, pulling them wide open, she spread
the creamy cuntcrack until all its raw, red, spunk filled interior was cruelly
exposed to her lust enflamed eyes.

     "Oh, Mr Cane!" The lecherous brunette giggled, as she gloated over the
weeping young Mother's gaping gash. "Just look at Mrs Bending's spunky twat!
Isn't it pretty? Oh! And look at that big, red clitty of her's, sticking right
out, so stiff and swollen. Why, I can even see it throbbing."

      And putting her mouth close to the crying young woman's open sex, she blew
her hot breath, gently over the fat, pulsing, stalk of the blushing June's
splendid big tickler.

     "Waaaah!" Cried out June, her full white thighs and heavy arse-cheeks,
suddenly shaking with suppressed sexual excitement. "Oh, no! Oh God! Please, no!
Please, no! Please don't do this to me!"

      "Oh, come on, Mrs Bending." Dolly laughed. "Who are you trying to kid? We
all know you are longing for it. And you know you love it. Look at this big
tickler of yours. It's so stiff and swollen it looks ready to burst, you dirty
slut. Oh! And look at your lovely arsehole! It's all puckered and pouting out,
as if it wants a kiss, too."

       And darting her head forward, Dolly thrust her pointed tongue into the
younger woman's wrinkled pink anus and plunged it in deep.

       "AAAAAGH!" June cried out, kneading her own big breasts, mercilessly, as
the hot blush of shame spread from her lovely face, down her neck and over her
soft, round, milk globes, in response to the boiling wave of pure pleasure, that
flowed like fire through her veins from the delicious probing of her arsehole.

        "Ah ah!" The dark woman laughed, lifting her lovely face from between
the young wife's big, quivering, bumcheeks. "Yes. It's nice, isn't it? Now, let
me get to work on this big, juicy cunt, of yours. And don't forget what I told
you to do when you spurt your cream. Or else!"

       Keeping her eyes on the weeping blonde's lovely face, Dolly lowered her
head to the young wife's sex and, plunging her eager tongue, deep into the
girl's gaping, wet cuntcrack, she voraciously sucked the whole of June's fat,
lust-swollen twat, completely, into her gluttonous red mouth.

      "AAAAAAAAAAAH! AAAAAAH! Oooooh! Oh, God!" June cried out, drowned in
sensation and horrified by the fact that her hips were jerking her spasming
cunt, vigorously, at Dolly's sucking mouth and that she had neither the will nor
the power to stop the movement.

     "AAAAAAH! AAAAAAAH! OH! OH, NO! OH, GOD! OH, GOD HELP ME! AAAAAAAAH!
OOOOOOOOOOH! AAAAAAAAH!" The shamed but highly aroused young Mother cried out,
hoarsely, as she felt her swollen cunt engulfed in the older woman's greedily,
sucking lips and her crack ravished by her skilful tongue.

     Crushing and squeezing her melon-like breasts and pulling and stretching
her lust hardened nipples, the squealing, sweat dripping blonde, vigorously
fucked her oozing twat into the delighted brunette's hungry mouth. Her beautiful
face, contorted with lecherous desire, turned, convulsively to her right and her
burning, heavy-lidded eyes, fell on the lascivious naked form of George Cane.
His sweat coated, red jowled face leered down at her, his fist swiftly pumping
his rigid cock, who's bloated, livid knob was pointed, menacingly at her sweet,
trembling mouth.

      She could feel Dolly's tongue plunging deep into her frothing cunt. So
deep it felt as though it was probing the mouth of her womb.

     "OOOOOOH, GOD! YES! YES! YES! DO IT! DO IT! MAKE ME CUM! AAAAAAAAAGH!" The
girl groaned, eagerly fucking Dolly's mouth.

     Suddenly the kneeling brunette pulled back her head, lifting her dripping
mouth from the writhing blonde's sopping sex.

     "AAAAAAAGH! NO!" June cried out in frustrated anguish. OH, GOD! DON'T STOP!
NOT NOW!"

     "Oh, Mrs Bending!" Dolly laughed, the buxom girl's love juice thickly
coating her lovely face. "You dirty slut! Well, it won't be long now!"

     She looked up at George and grinned.

     "And are you ready, Mr Cane?" She asked. "Are you ready to spurt your spunk
into nice, respectable Mrs Bending's sweet mouth?"

     "Fuck! Yes!" George snarled through clenched teeth. "I've been holding it
back for the last five minuets. Quick! Make her CUM!"

     "Right, then." Dolly leered. "Now, Mrs Bending. If you'll just open your
mouth and put out your tongue as I showed you."

     Sobbing with hot shame and humiliation, the degraded young wife turned her
lovely, tear streaked face towards the sweating, naked man and, opening her
mouth wide, she put out her tongue and cupped it, ready for the gross act they
were about to commit. She looked up at his leering face and quickly dropped her
eyes, only to focus them on the angrily throbbing, bloated red knob of his
greatly swollen cock. Her nostrils flared, as she breathed in the heady, musky
stench of a man in full rut, and watched in horror as his steaming cock-cream
bubbled out of his gaping pisshole and dribbled over the red, enflamed knob.

      He put his left hand around the back of her neck and pulled her head more
upright and her gaping mouth closer to the pulsing head of his prick.

     "Right. We're ready!" He snarled, excitedly.

     Dolly, gleefully, looked down at June's twitching cunt. She chuckled at the
sight of the thick, milky white cunt juice that was dribbling out of the buxom
blonde's red raw cuntcrack and running down between the girls's plump, trembling
arsecheeks. She rubbed the tip of her right hand's middle finger around the
puckered rosette of the young housewife's greasy arsehole and giggled, slyly.

     "Yes. We are ready now." She leered, and thrusting the thumb of her left
hand deep into the wet crack of the shuddering young wife's fat and peach-like
quim, she lowered her head and wrapped her full, red lips around the stiffly
standing, swollen stalk of the girl's large and sensitive clitoris.

     A distorted yell burst from the curvaceous blonde's gaping jaws and
extended tongue, as she felt Dolly's hot, wet mouth cover her throbbing tickler.
Her choked cries quickened and grew high pitched as, while her smouldering eyes
gazed in awe at the turgid, pulsing knob of George's menacing prick, she felt
the depraved brunette's sucking lips skilfully draw her big clitty right out of
it's fleshy hood and tongue lash it, mercilessly.

      Dolly felt June's shuddering body stiffen and saw the buxom girl's shapely
legs rise straight up in the air, her pretty pink feet flex and her big toes
curl up, amusingly.

      "I think she's going to BLOW!" Called George as, shaking with excitement
and pumping, vigorously, on the iron-hard column of his prick, he eagerly pulled
the squealing blonde's gaping mouth closer to his smoking knob.

      June's full, white thighs trembled and her heavy arsecheeks juddered,
violently, as her cunt convulsed in the kneeling brunette's sucking mouth.

      Feeling the spasm, Dolly thrust foreword with her hand and plunged her
stiffened middle finger right in, to the last knuckle, up the squealing blonde's
greasy arsehole.

     "AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAGGGGGGHH!" June shrieked through her wide, open mouth,
her legs went rigid and her big toes curled towards the ceiling as, with Dolly
furiously fingering her tight, puckered anus, the girl's swollen cunt spurted
out a copious jet of thick, delicious love cream, right into the older woman's
greedily sucking mouth.

     "MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM!" Groaned Dolly, as she gluttonously swallowed down the
sweet nectar that gushed from the climaxing young Mother's spurting twat, while
her flashing finger was tightly clenched in the girl's spasming turdtube.

      "YYAAAAAAAAAARRRRRGGGHH!" George bellowed as, holding the orgasming
blonde's head steady with his left hand and pointing his exploding knob at her
gaping mouth with his right, he discharged a great gout of thick spunk across
her fully extended tongue and right into the back of her throat.

      June's shrieks of delight became choked and gurgling as her mouth was
quickly filled with the grunting man's thick, gluttonous bollock-juice. She
snorted and gulped as the boiling spunk splashed across her slack, swollen lips
and spattered over her flushed face.

     As the girl's eyes rolled back in her head, George pulled her face towards
him and thrust his erupting knob right into her cream filled mouth. She closed
her full lips around it and sucked, strongly on the spouting gland.

     George pulled the young woman more towards him so that her neck was more
lined up with his shaft. Releasing his prick to the hot, wet confines of her
mouth, with one big hand he gripped her around the throat and with the other,
gripped her hair. Then, gazing down at her lovely face, with a snarling bellow
he rammed his rigid cock into the back of her throat.

      June's big, blue eyes, shot open wide and she made a choking, gagging
noise. George pulled his big prick half out of her stretched open mouth and then
rammed it back in, hard, again. He pushed foreword deeper, forcing his huge knob
down her throat. Holding her head, tight, he pulled her pretty face, firmly to
his groin. Panicking, June dropped her breasts and tried, franticly to push him
away, but the big man was much too strong for her.

      Dolly, giggling with glee, lifted her face from the girl's cunt, to get a
better view of the action. Her stiff finger, still pistoning in and out of the
struggling blonde's boiling bowels, the lecherous lady gripped the girl's big,
greatly swollen clitoris  tightly, with finger and thumb and shook it,
vigorously.

      "Go on, George!" She laughed, shrilly. "Choke the Slut!"

     Franticly struggling to breathe and scream at the same time, June succeeded
only in making inarticulate gagging and choking noises as George continued
forcing his thick cock down her swelling throat.

     To her delight, Dolly could plainly see that only an inch or so of that
cock's great root was now protruding from the girl's widely stretched lips and,
to the older woman's great amusement, the young blonde's vibrating tongue
protruded beneath it to an alarming length and as the girl choked and gagged,
her tongue lapped George's balls, delightfully.

      Fired by the cruelty of the act, the big man's orgasm seemed to go on for
ever. Thick spunk now bubbled and spurted from around June's stretched, lipstick
smeared lips and two great gouts of thick cream had shot down her nostrils and
were drawn up and down with the in and out thrusts of his pulsing prick.

     "GluckK! GluckK! GuckK! GuckK!" Gagged the choking blonde at each lunge of
George's big cock, which was now well past her gullet and right down her throat,
her nose pressed into his pubic hair.

      "Oh, George!" Squealed Dolly, gleefully. "Look how her throat has swollen
to accommodate your great Raja. How does it feel?"

     "Fucking wonderful!" Groaned the big man, in ecstasy. "It's so tight and
hot and lovely and slimy at the moment. OH! FUCK! I'M CUMMING AGAIN!"

      And bellowing in delight, he shot another great salvo of hot spunk down
the choking girl's swollen throat.

     The gleeful Dolly heard June give a choked groan and to her delight saw the
blonde's cunt gape, pucker and spurt out a stream of thick white cuntcream while
the young woman appeared to be having a sexual fit.

      "What a dirty Slut you are, Mrs Bending." Dolly chuckled.

      For some long moments the bedroom was filled with the exciting sounds of
the choked and inarticulate cries and groans of the two ecstatic libertines and
their lust frenzied victim. George, his heavy body shaking with exploding
desire, once more thrust his bloated cock right down the struggling blonde's
alarmingly expanded throat. Gripping her by the throat and the back of her head,
he again pulled her face hard against his pubic mound, cutting off her air and
stopping her breathing.

      "Gerckkkk! Gerckkkk! Gerckkkk!" June gagged, amusingly, as she franticly
tried to draw in air to her lungs.

      "Fucking Hell!" The big man groaned, as he held the girl tight to his
groin. "Her throat does wonderful things to my prick when she's choking."

      "How lovely." Laughed Dolly. "Keep choking her George. Let's see how it
feels when I get her to shriek."

      And dropping her face to the frantic girl's big, stiff clitoris, she
curled back her red lips and bit the bloated stork, hard, with her sharp white
teeth.

      "GGGUUUUUURRRRRRCCCCCCKKKKKK!" June gave a long high-pitched gagging
squawk. And then..... "GlluugggGGG!  GGrrrrrruuUUUGGGHH! GUuuuullLLGG." More
frantic squawks as Dolly cruelly gnawed and chewed on the girl's tortured
tickler.

     "AAAAAAAAAAAAGGGGHHHH!" George, his lips pulled back from his teeth in a
twisted snarl, threw back his head and gave a great bellow of delight, as he
shot thick gouts of spunk down the girl's convulsing throat and into her belly.
While to Dolly's delight, she felt a hot gush of cunt custard spurt from the
younger woman's gash and splash over her tits.

     Giving a last spiteful nip to June's badly swollen clitty, Dolly lifted her
juice coated face from the still gagging young Mother's wet and twitching quim
and gave a triumphant laugh of pure glee.

     George gave a last grunt of pleasure and pulled his slackening cock from
the girl's abused throat and out of her lose lipped, spunk filled mouth, as she
gasped and drew great gulps of air into her near bursting lungs.

     "Fucking hell!" He gasped, squeezing the fat length in his fist and
directing the last weak spurts of creamy spunk to spatter over the slumped young
housewife's heaving jugs. "She's sucked me dry!"

     Giggling with delight, Dolly sat back on her heels and gazed, gloatingly at
the younger woman's voluptuous body, sprawled immodestly in the chair before her
and so doing exposing her naked charms to her two ravishers. The abused young
Mother was slumped right down in the chair breathing hard, her plump arms
dangling to the floor on each side, her full thighs splayed wide over the padded
arms, her big, quivering breasts and belly spattered with spunk, her lovely head
hung to one side and resting on her soft, round shoulder, her eyes glazed and
staring, under heavy half-closed lids. Her tongue lolled out from the corner of
her mouth and her full, slack lips still drooled the thick spunk she had not
managed to swallow. Her fat, swollen cuntlips winked lewdly and her pouting pink
arsehole still held the older woman's embedded finger in its tight, rubbery
grip.

     "Just look at her!" Dolly laughed spitefully. "There's a bawdy, fucked out
slut, if ever I saw one! And she loved every minuet of it. Did you see her CUM?
Even when you were choking her! I must have drunk pints of it! It tasted like
milk and honey! Just like milk and honey!"

      The dark woman slowly withdrew her hand from between the blonde's big
buttocks and was amused to see that the wrinkled, puckered ring of the fair
girl's arsehole clung tightly to her finger, as if reluctant to relinquish the
stimulating probe. Dolly pulled the trapped finger free with a wet 'plop' and
giggled when the pouting anus gaped open, winked, farted once and snapped shut.

     The beautiful brunette got to her feet and smiled down at the lovely
violated blonde.

     "That will be all for now, Mrs Bending." She said. "As soon as we get our
breath back, Mr Cane and I will be leaving." 

      Without moving, June looked up tearfully at the older woman and whimpered
with disappointment.

     "Oh! Miss Stern!" The dishevelled young wife whined. "Must you go so soon?

      "Now don't you fret, my dear." Dolly laughed. "All your troubles are over.
Financially and otherwise. And each week, as many times as we can manage it, Mr
Cane and I will see to it that you are punished and pay your debts."

     Shortly after, respectably dressed and all trace of their orgy cleaned
away, George and Dolly prepared to leave the house. June, who on Dolly's orders
was still stark naked, was nervously seeing them out. In the hall, Dolly
stopped.

     "Now, Mrs Bending." Said the business woman, formally. "I'll phone you
tomorrow to arrange the time and place of your next chastisement. I'll phone
about tea-time. Alright? Good! Oh, yes. And I want you to continue masturbating
yourself regularly, too. We must keep that lovely, big fat tickler of yours in
trim, mustn't we?"

    They moved closer to the door. Dolly turned to the younger woman, again.

    "Oh, and to show that there are no ill feelings. Get down on your knees, Mrs
Bending." The sweetly smiling brunette said with a chuckle.

      The buxom young mother, with a look of apprehension, obediently dropped to
her knees.

      Dolly turned her back on her and, lifting up her summer dress, thrust her
bare arse at the housewife's blushing face. Gripping a pale buttock in each
hand, the leering brunette pulled the plump, round arsecheeks, wide apart.

     "Now, Mrs Bending." She laughed. "Give my arsehole a nice, big French kiss,
to thank me for all we've done for you today."

     Submissively, the lovely young blonde gripped the brunette's full fleshed
thighs and, pushing her face between the widespread cheeks, she plunged her
tongue right into the older woman's anus, closed her lips around it and sucked
the pouting, wrinkled ring into her mouth.

      After some minuets of sucking and gasping from the two women, with George
eagerly bending foreword to watch the point of contact, Dolly pulled away. Still
spreading her buttocks, she half turned to the kneeling girl and, smiling down
at her pretty, upturned face she said.

     "That was lovely, my dear." She chuckled, evilly. "Now I'm going to fart in
your mouth a few times. Just to show who's boss."

     A look of disgust flashed across June's beautiful face and she pulled her
head back.

     "You'll do as you are told, or I'll crush your nipples." The older woman
laughed. "Put your face foreword, now and open your pretty mouth."

      Tears running down her cheeks and blushing with shame, the young mother
placed herself as she was instructed.

     "That's the way." Dolly leered at her. "Now stick your tongue out, nicely."

      She turned to George, who was eager to help.

      "See to it that she doesn't move her head or close her mouth, George." She
grinned.

      The big man moved closer. Taking a big pair of pliers out of his pocket,
he threateningly took one of the weeping girl's big nipples in its jaws.

      "Be good, now." He leered.

      The sobbing girl held her mouth open wide and pushed out her tongue.

     Turning her back on the girl once more, Dolly bent foreword, rounded her
arse even more and pulled her buttocks open wide.

     "Get her mouth about two inches from my arsehole, George." She instructed.

     Stooping on the girl's right side, George gripped her nipple with the
pliers and with his left, pushed her open mouth closer to his Mistress's big,
pouting anus.

      "Are you ready, Mrs Bending?" The dark woman asked sweetly.

      "Oh, she's ready, Miss Stern." Chuckled George.

       "Right, then. Here it comes." Dolly giggled and, with a grunt, her
arsehole bulged right out and blew a great, rasping fart, right into June's open
mouth. 

      The strength of the hot blast was such as to gust around the girl's
shocked face and blow her blonde hair back from her head. Her gaping mouth and
flaring nostrils were filled with a foul baked beans stench, which filled her
every cavity, as the shocked young wife, helplessly sucked down a great breath
into her lungs.

     "YuuulllkkkK!" June dry urged, as if she were about to vomit. The young
blonde's mouth gaped even wider, her lips drew back from her white teeth and her
tongue stretched even farther from her throat as she coughed and spluttered,
retching loudly. "YyyyucK! YyyyuuulkK! YyyyyeeeeuuuullkkK.!"

     "Dolly turned quickly, eager to see the effect the gross act had had on the
young woman. She was delighted to see that, despite the coughing, retching and
tearful weeping, a look of complete self disgust and total degradation could be
seen on the blonde's lovely face.

      June tried to turn away but George held her firmly in position.

    "Aa, aa! Not yet." Dolly giggled. "We'll do a few more, I think!" And she
again turned her back to the kneeling June and presented her arsehole to the
girl's mouth.

     "No! No! Please don't. It's sick." The naked young mother sobbed, still
trying to turn away.

     "You stay down and open your mouth like you were told" George chuckled,
tightening the jaws of his pliers on the blonde's bruised nipple. "Come on. Push
your tongue right out there and see if you can catch one on it."

      With a gasp of pain the sobbing girl complied.

     "That's a good girl." The big man continued and looking at Dolly he leered,
wickedly. "She's ready now, Miss Stern." He said, moving the blonde's mouth
closer to the brunette's pouting anus.

      Dolly strained a little and. "BRrrrrrraaaaPP." Again she farted right into
the girl's mouth. This time it was different. This time it was wet and it
splattered all over June's extended tongue.

     "YaaarrrrrrKK!" June dry retched again and again, refusing to retract her
tongue and taste the older woman's little gift. "O Gog! O Gog!" She groaned,
with tongue fully extended. "Hease! Ho hore!"

     Dolly, her dress falling down to cover her bare bum, turned to face the
younger woman, once more.

     "Let's take a look at her, Mr Cane." She giggled, putting her hand under
the gagging girl's chin and tilting her pretty face up so she could take a close
look.

     "Ooooo, yes! I see!" She cooed at the blonde, sweetly. "There's a sort of
wet, brown stain, coating your tongue and the inside of your mouth, Mrs Bending.

      The Brunette leered down into the young mother's tearful face.

      "Here's what you are going to do, my dear." She said. "First you are going
to continue frigging yourself and when you are in a sweat and your cunt is
frothing, you'll pull in your tongue and roll it around your mouth. Then, when
you cum, my flavour will be flooding your taste buds. So come on. Start milking
that big tickler of yours."

     "Oh, go! Go!" June gargled, shaking her head and trying to pull away.

      "George." Dolly sighed, slyly. "Her nipples, if you please."

      "Certainly, Miss Stern." George grinned and squeezing the handles of the
pliers firmly together, he cruelly crushed the young blonde's big, rubbery
nipple in its jaws.

     "EEEEEEAAAAAAAAAGGHH!" June's shriek burst from her gaping mouth, her
extended tongue vibrating amusingly.

       "Aw'ight. Aw'ight. I goo it. I goo it." She cried, her brown slimed
tongue still extended and her hands gripping George's strong wrists. "Gon'k herk
hy gresks, hease."

      "Oh, no, Mrs Bending. To late. You disobeyed me." Dolly smiled down at the
young wife. "You must be punished. And I said both nipples. Now put your hand
down and let Mr Cane continue."

       Crying bitterly, June dropped her hands to her thighs and waited while
George released her swollen right nipple and taking her big left tit in his left
fist he squeezed its base tightly, making the great udder bulge out. Taking the
stalk of its thick nipple in the jaws of his pliers, he applied a firm grip.
Then he turned to his victim.

      "Ready, Mrs Bending.?" He grinned. Then....... "CRUNCH"

        "EEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAGGGGHH!" June's shriek filled the house.

      Sitting back on her heels, the girl wept and sobbed as George released her
second swollen nipple. She screamed again as Dolly, giggling cruelly, leaned
foreword and, gripping the abused stalks between her fingers and thumbs, rolled
them like Radio Knobs.

      "Next time you disobey an order, Mr Cane will crush your big clitty." The
brunette giggled. "Now, are you ready to continue?"

      Sobbing, June nodded in defeat.

      "Right, then. Up on your knees." The business woman instructed. "And start
frigging yourself, vigorously. You know the way. Get strumming that big tickler
of yours. I want to see your cunt-cream dribbling in seconds. Do you hear?
Seconds!"

       Fearfully, the sobbing blonde obeyed. Kneeling up on spread knees, she
gripped the plump peach of her twat in her left hand and, spreading the lips
with her fingers, she peeled her stiff clitoris and started to milk the big
tickler between the fingers and thumb of her right. Thrusting her sex foreword,
June began to gasp, as the sensitive stalk responded, immediately.

      "Fuck! Look at her, George!" Laughed Dolly, gleefully. "What a Pain Slut!
A little torture and she's ready to spurt!"

       The young mother started to gasp hard.

      "I think the Slut's going to cum, already." Cried the older woman. "Hold
her, George."

       Dolly turned again, lifted her frock and once more thrust her plump,
round arse into the girl's face.

       A look of horror filled June's eyes, but her orgasm was on her and she
was too far gone to stop.

      George pulled the blonde's face closer to his lover's rounded bum and held
her gaping mouth and tongue an inch away from the brunette's pouting arsehole.

       Trying to look over her shoulder, Dolly let go a wet rasper, right into
June's gaping mouth. Hearing the girl begin to gag as the stench hit her; the
brunette gave her another big, wet one that sprayed her tongue anew.

       Letting her frock fall, the older woman quickly turned and watched the
girl's humiliation with cruel glee. She could see that shame and climax racked
the young mother to equal effect and that even while she gagged, cream spurted,
copiously, from her cunt-crack.

     "Right, now." Dolly leered, eagerly watching the blonde's lovely face.
"Take in that tongue and taste my fart."

      Racked by multiple orgasms, the shaking young wife pulled in her tongue
and closed her lovely lips over it.

      "Go on." Dolly encouraged. "Roll it around your mouth. Taste the flavour."

       June did as she was ordered and rolled her slimy tongue around her mouth.
As the strong flavour flooded her taste buds the thrill of self disgust washed
over her in a red blush of shame. Franticly, she strummed her frothing cunt into
a frenzy of spurting cream as her buxom young body thrilled to the hot glow of
her first pain and humiliation fired cum. Her healthy young body shook with the
mind blowing power of it. Her fingers flashing on her swelling, bloated clit,
she started to squeal with delight.

       Laughing, Dolly straightened up and opened the front door. "Come on
George." She grinned. "She'll be at it for some time, yet. We'll go now and
leave her to it."

      The man and woman came out of the house and closed the door after them. As
they walked down the Drive, Dolly took George's arm and squeezed it
affectionately.

      "Oh, George." She sighed. "I have such dirty plans for that hot bitch.
I'll contact Bill and Celia Pain first thing in the morning. They are going to
love her."      




F     CHAPTER 7.



      The car had been travelling for more than two hours. The day was beautiful
and June had found that she was really enjoying the trip. It wasn't just that it
was a nice change, although it was true that she never went anywhere, especially
without the children, but she always looked foreword to these sinful meetings
with Miss Stern and Mr Cane, even though she would not admit it, even to
herself. Besides, this was a very special occasion and her blood seemed to boil
in her veins as she thought of what was to come.

       Since that fateful day just two weeks ago, when Miss Stern had brought Mr
Cane to her home and she had signed the contract, her life seemed to contain so
much excitement. The humdrum, boring existence that had been her lot for so
long, was now compensated for by these exciting, and so shameful, escapades. It
had surprised her that during her 'normal' life, the children, the housework,
etc., she was no longer miserable. She no longer had those bouts of deep
melancholy that she was so prone to over the last couple of years.

      Her Sister had noticed it too.

      "Got yourself a boyfriend or something?" Beth had joked.

      Certainly not!" June had gasped, blushing at the nearness of the remark.
"I'm just going out a few times with Miss Stern, that's all."

      "Well, I wouldn't blame you if you had got yourself a lover." Her sister
had laughed. "A woman needs a bit more than a nice house and a couple of kids
you know. Anyhow." Beth had given her a loving kiss on her cheek. "As long as
you're happy, that's all that matters."

      Beth had had the kids four times over the last two weeks. June 'had taken
her punishment' at her home on Saturday afternoons and had been picked up by
Miss Stern in her car each Wednesday evening and taken to the woman's own house.
There, with no worry of interruptions, the business woman and her lover had
'given it to her' hot and strong.

      The thought of it, made her blush again.

      Her sister had looked at her with a quiet smile, when she had asked her to
look after them for the whole weekend.

      "Don't be silly, Beth." June had laughed. "It's just that Miss Stern has a
holiday cottage up on the Yorkshire moors and she's been kind enough to invite
me to spend the weekend with her up there."

 

      "I'll believe you, though thousands wouldn't." Beth had grinned, impishly.
Then she had added more tenderly. "Go on you, love, and have a damn good time."

      It had been as easy as that.

      And now, here they were, on their way. Probably nearly there.

      Oh, God! How her guts churned at the thought of it. What was it they had
told her? Oh, yes. Her mind went over it, once again.

      She was being taken, Miss Stern had told her, to the home of their two
closest friends and collaborators, Bill and Celia Pain. The Pains, it would
seem, were very, very wealthy people, millionaires in fact. They had bought and
renovated a big old farmhouse, way out on a remote and desolate part of the
moors.

      "Well, they love the loneliness of the place, you see, my dear." Miss
Stern had explained as they travelled. "They need it for the seclusion. Need it
for their work. Bill is a fine Sculptor, quite well known in the 'Art World', as
a matter of fact. And you must have heard of Celia Pain the famous novelist."
June's eyes had opened wide in surprise. Yes she did know the name. Some of the
woman's books had been made into films.

      "Well, my dear, that's her." Dolly had continued. "Mind you, it is a
beautiful house. Way out in the wilds. Built like a fortress, it is. Well,
Bill's so handy. He's built and made such a lot of exciting things. Just you
wait until you see their cellar. The walls are four foot thick. You'll be able
to shriek as loud as you like there." The woman had laughed, spitefully. "No one
will hear you."

       They had been travelling along a lonely road over the moor for some time
when George slowed the car down and turned onto what was little more than a
track.

       "Won't be long now." She heard Mr Cane say. We're almost there."

      At the sound of the man's words, June's tensed bowels contracted
violently. Her stomach churned and for one awful moment she thought she would
pee herself.

      Dolly noticed the young wife's reaction and giggled, knowingly.

      "Yes. It won't be long now." She repeated, winking at the girl, with whom
she was sharing the back seat, in a most suggestive manner. "I just know you are
going to love the Pains. Celia is so imaginative. She'll think of some really
amusing things to do to you, my dear, I'm sure. And Bill! Well, you're just not
going to believe your eyes when you see what Bill as got for you." She giggled
again. "Ho, no, Mrs Bending. You won't believe your eyes."

      June listened to the lovely, leering brunette with rising apprehension.
Wriggling in her seat, she became aware that she really did feel the need to
answer a rather urgent call of nature. She had known that she should not have
had those two cans of larger, earlier on, but Miss Stern had been so insistent.
Now she felt that her bladder was about to burst.

      Mentioning that fact to Mr Cane, the squirming blonde looked out of the
window to see if there was anywhere they could stop for her. A high wall was
crossing the moor ahead and a big wrought-iron gate spanned the track and barred
their way.

      June saw that there was a TV camera mounted on top of one of the high
stone gateposts and that the thing moved, sinisterly, as if it were watching
them. This, in fact, was the case as, within a moment, the big gate had swung
open, as if to invite them to enter.

      George drove through and stopped the car a little way past the gate, where
a small metal box on a post, stood at the side of the road. As he got out of the
car, the big gate closed, tightly, behind them.

      Inside the gate the track had been widened and neatly surfaced with smooth
tarmac. The road then continued across the moor to where, June could see, stood
a large old stone farmhouse, flanked by some out-buildings, about a quarter of a
mile away.    

      The sound of George's voice made the blonde turn towards him. He had taken
a telephone out of the box and, while conversing with the person on the other
end of the line, seemed to be eyeing her, in a knowing, gloating way.

      A cold shiver of fear ran down her spine, despite the heat of the mid-day
sun, as she listened, in trepidation, to his words.

      "Yes, we did make good time." He said. "Yes, we're fine. Well, except that
Mrs Bending needs to 'spend a penny' rather badly."

      He laughed at what ever remark had been made by the person on the other
end of the line.

      "Oh, I'm sure she'll love that." He chuckled, wickedly. Then, after a
short pause, he called to the two women in the car. "Come on, ladies. Time for
you to get out and stretch your lovely legs."

      June opened her door and got out of the car, while Dolly, chuckling to
herself, got out of the other side.

      It really was a beautiful day and both women, dressed in light summer
frocks, could feel the sun's warmth beating down on their voluptuously curved
bodies. . June flexed her cramped limbs and looked, apprehensively, towards the
distant farmhouse, while Dolly took the phone from George and spoke, merrily,
into the instrument.

      "Hello, darlings." She laughed. "Oh, it's going to be marvellous to see
you both again. Oh, isn't this exciting?"

      Listening intently, the vivacious brunette turned to face June and, her
eyes dancing mischievously, nodded in agreement to some remark.

      "Yes, she is." She answered. "Very beautiful."

      June suddenly realised she was being watched and turning around saw that
the TV camera was pointing straight at her. Flushing red with embarrassment, she
turned quickly back to where Dolly was still talking on the phone.

      "Yes, alright." The dark haired woman said into the speaker. "We'll do
that."

       With the phone still to her ear, Dolly addressed the trembling blonde.

      "Mrs Bending." She called, with an evil grin on her sensuous red lips.
"Take all your clothes off and put them in the car."

      June's eyes grew wide with alarm.

      "W W What?" She stammered. "My clothes? B...But. I...I don't....."

      "It's quite simple, Mrs Bending." Dolly laughed. "You are going to strip
stark naked, here and go the rest of the way...Bare Arsed, I think the term is.
Quickly now. Get naked."

      The young blonde felt a hot flush of moistness in her sex and a sickly
sweet thrill of shame as, biting her lower lip to keep back her tears; she
dropped her hands to the hem of her dress and pulled it up around her full,
white thighs. Trying not to look at the leering faces of the man and woman
standing before her, she tugged the light garment up around her waist, hotly
aware that the frock was her only covering.

      George and Dolly's eyes followed, eagerly, the ascent of the tight
material, up around the blushing girl's buxom body. First her smooth, bare legs
with their plump white thighs came into clear view. Then, as she tugged the hem
up over her full hips, her bulging, bald cunt, its prominent plump mound now
totally cleaned of pubic hair, was exposed to their burning gaze.

      "Just like peeling a ripe fruit, isn't it?" Snarled George, his lips
twisted with lust.

      June had got her frock up to her big breasts and her smooth, round belly,
with its deep and lovely belly button, was fully displayed to them. Then, with a
quick flourish, she pulled the garment right over her head and threw it into the
car.

      She stood before them naked but for her shoes and tried, hopelessly, to
cover her bulging bald pubes and ballooning breasts, with her hands.

      "Now stop that, this minute, or you'll pay for it later." Dolly snapped.
"And take off your shoes as well. I did say you were to be 'STARK' naked, didn't
I?"

      Fighting back her tears, June kicked off her shoes and stood up straight,
her hands hanging to her sides.

      The man and woman nodded their approval and Dolly listened intently to
what was being said over the phone. Laughing, she looked at the naked young
woman standing meekly before her.

       "Mr Pain says you have a gorgeous arse, Mrs Bending." The older woman
leered.

       Blushing with hot shame, the buxom, naked blonde, flashed a quick look
over her plump, round shoulder and saw that the ominous camera still had its
lens focused, menacingly, on her beautiful backside.

      Chuckling to himself, George came around the car, picked up her shoes and,
throwing them into the car before him, sat in the driving seat. With a wink to
June, he slammed the car door and drove off towards the house, leaving the two
women standing in the open road.

      "Oh! Oh, my God! Where's he going?" Screamed the naked blonde, in a panic
and once more trying to hide her generous curves under her hands. "He can't
leave me here like this!"

      "It looks like he has." Laughed Dolly. "But don't worry. It's not far to
walk."

      "But what if somebody sees me like this?" The shocked young woman whined.

      "Unfortunately, I don't think there's much chance of that. Out side
ourselves and the Pains, that is." The brunette chuckled. "And they'll be
watching as I walk you up to the house. The TV camera here and the one at the
house are both fitted with powerful zoom lens, so they'll see everything."

      Once more the older woman listened, carefully, to something that was said
to her over the phone. Looking behind the small phone box post, she gave a
squeal of delight.

      "Oh, yes! I've found it!" She cried and reaching down behind the post, she
picked up from the ground a polished wooden paddle, about the same size and
shape as a Squash racket, but with a round blade of thin, highly polished wood.

       "It's lovely." Dolly laughed into the receiver, wickedly. "I'm sure Mrs
Bending will be delighted with it. I'll bring her up. We'll see you in a few
minutes."

      Replacing the phone in the box and closing the door, she turned back to
June.

      Smacking the blade of the paddle against the palm of her left hand with a
loud 'crack', the dark haired woman walked towards the fidgeting blonde, who was
still trying, unsuccessfully, to cover her ample charms with her all too
inadequate hands.

      "Wasn't that nice of Mrs Pain to send this little gift for you?" Dolly
leered, holding the evil instrument out so that June could have a good look at
it. "You do know what it's for, don't you?"

      The buxom young woman trembled before her, fearfully nodding her pretty
head.

      "Well, then. Let's get started!" Dolly shouted at the girl. "You stand up
straight to start with."

      Jumping with fright, June did as she was bid.

      "That's better." The older woman said, firmly. "Now, take one of those
great tits of yours in each hand and lift them up. I want you to carry them
before you as if they are on offer. As, of course, they are. Do you under
stand?"

      Whimpering now, the big blonde took her large breasts in her hands and
lifted them, one heavy, fleshy globe on each palm, where they wobbled and shook
like pale pink blancmanges topped with big, red strawberries.

      "Good." Snapped Dolly. "Now assume the correct position. You know how."

      Her lower lip trembling and her soft mouth in a luscious pout, June bent
her body foreword and, hollowing her back, thrust out her big, voluptuous arse,
spread her shapely thighs apart and bent her dimpled knees.

      "Mmmph." The business woman grunted, as she walked around the naked blonde
to see if the pose was lewd enough. "Not bad. Spread your knees wider. That's
it. Now hollow your back more and lift your arse higher. Stick it out more. I
want to see a lot more of those chubby cuntlips of yours peeping out at the
back. Yes, that's it. That's much better."

      As the woman circled around her, June once more felt her bare and buxom
body flush with shame. What made it worse was that she was being watched by
total strangers. At least, the road she had to walk along seemed smooth to her
bare feet. And, too, the uncomfortable pressure on her full and bloated bladder
had receded, just a little, since she had left the cramped confines of the car.

      Suddenly, she was aware that Miss Stern had stepped up close behind her.
She gave a sharp intake of breath as she felt the beautiful woman's hand cup one
of her heavy buttocks and then smooth, sensuously, over her big, firm, rounded
bumcheeks that were so indecently displayed.

      "Mr Pain was quite right." The brunette whispered in her ear. "Your arse
is gorgeous."

      The hand was removed and the apprehensive young blonde could sense the
older woman moving behind her.

      "Right. We are ready." Said Dolly. "Now then, Mrs Bending. You will hold
that pose, to the best of your ability, while you are walking to the house. What
is more, you will maintain it, unless otherwise instructed, at all times.
Understand?"

      "Yes, Miss Stern." June answered, nodding her lovely head, submissively.

      "Good." Dolly replied. "Now, on the count of three, you will start walking
to the house. One. Two...  THREE!"

      CRACK!

      As she had called out, three, Dolly had brought the polished blade of the
paddle down, with a terrific loud 'SPLAT', across both rounded cheeks of the
naked young woman's big, vulnerable, thrust out bum.

      "EEEEEEEEEEEEK!" June shrieked loudly as she leaped foreword. The blazing
pain in her fat arse felt like fire as, with tears filling her lovely blue eyes,
she began to waddle, in a most lewd and amusing way, along the road to the
house.

      "That's it. Come along. Hurry up." Laughed Dolly, following swiftly behind
the sobbing girl. "And has we go, I can 'tenderise' this big arse of yours,
ready for when we get you inside the house. Oh, this is really delightful."

      And her face glowing with cruel joy, the wicked lady brought the vicious
paddle down with another loud 'splat' on one of the blubbering young mother's
wobbling arsecheeks.

      CRACK!

      Went the paddle.

      "NAAAAAAAAGH!"

      Screamed June, hurrying desperately along the road. At every few yards she
was 'treated' to another 'smack' of the paddle. Some times on one cheek. Some
times on the other. And occasionally Dolly would give her a big one across both
big luscious buttocks at the same time. This really did make here yell.

      After the women had covered, what seamed to June like the longest piece of
road she had ever walked, they arrived, at last, at the house.

      Almost without knowing it, the blubbering blonde had waddled right up to
the foot of the steps that lead to the front door.

      The sound of a low, masculine laugh brought her to a sudden stop.
Maintaining her lewd pose, the snivelling young woman blinked up through her
tears and focused her big blue eyes on the tall figure of a man standing on the
top step and framed in the wide doorway.

      For a moment June forgot the burning heat in her glowing red arse. The man
was quite an imposing figure. Tall, at least six foot two, his wavy black hair
silvering at the sides, he was, she thought, quite handsome, in a lean sort of
way. He was dressed in an expensive whine-red satin brocade dressing gown, which
came down to his bare knees and his feet were shod in red leather slippers. At
the sight of his bare legs she knew, instinctively, that under his gown he was
as naked as she.

      This thought brought her mind back to her present predicament. A boiling
flush of shame and humiliation swept over her as she thought of how he was
seeing her, posed and exhibited so lewd and indecently before him.

      Looking up into his thin, handsome face, she saw his dark eyes flash with
desire as he gazed down on her voluptuous nakedness with open, unconcealed lust.
He laughed again and she felt a wicked thrill of excitement course through her
veins. She was aware that the red blush of shame had spread down her neck and
was now flooding, hotly, over the great, milky white gourds of her breasts that
she still held, wobbling like jellies, in her hands.

      "Hello Dolly." The rich voice addressed the older woman, but the sharp
eyes never left the blonde. "The 'Duchess' sent me to greet you. So ladies, a
warm welcome to you both."

      "Hello, Bill, darling." Dolly answered, as the tall sculptor moved down
the steps and walked around June, eying her, lecherously. "Let me introduce you
both." She rolled her eyes suggestively as she spoke. "And then you'll be able
to get her inside and give her a really warm welcome."

      "We've decided to keep this very formal, Bill." The brunette chuckled.
"So.....Mr Pain, this is Mrs Bending and Mrs Bending, I'd like you to meet Mr
Pain."

      The man was now standing just behind the trembling blonde. Thrusting his
big hand under her bruised and blazing buttocks and between her plump thighs, he
plunged his two middle fingers, deep, into her sopping cuntcrack.

      "Pleased to meet you, Mrs Bending." He grinned, fingering her vigorously.

      June, shocked by the unusual greeting, began to gasp, hard.

      "Well? Answer the Gentleman." Sneered Dolly, to the gasping young woman.
"Where are your manners?"

      "Oh...Oh...It..It..It's..s..s..so..so..ni..nice...to m..m..meet you,                                                                                                
Mr P...Pain." June grunted, her big arse and tits bouncing in time with his
furious frigging.

      "Well, then, you had better come in and meet the wife." Bill laughed,
withdrawing his hand from the buxom girl's fluttering cunt and examining his
slippery fingers.

      "My! She's really juicy, isn't she?" He leered and, having sniffed his
cream coated fingers with appreciation, he greedily licked them clean, while
leading the women up the steps.

      Through the door, straight across the wide hallway they filed and into a
large airy room, thickly carpeted and high walled, with long picture windows on
ether side. The windows overlooked the moors on both sides of the house and with
the long curtains fully opened, as they were now, June had the strong impression
that they were standing out in the open. The sun streamed in and bounced off the
white walls, brightly lighting everything in the room.

      There was a long oak table in the centre of the room, with its twelve
matching chairs placed back around the walls for convenience. Four deeply padded
armchairs and two sofas were also against the walls. These, with two long
sideboards, comprised the furniture.

      June was in awe of the room. It was so big and its great windows made her
feel that she was on public display.

      Bill Pain stood to one side and she saw that George Cane was lounging
against one of the sideboards, a sardonic grin on his jowlly face.

      By the far wall, before an huge old stone fireplace, stood a beautiful
woman, who eyed the naked blonde with obvious amusement. A flaming red head, the
woman was dressed in a satin dressing gown of emerald green, which rapped about
her lovely body and accentuated the voluptuous naked curves beneath. Her lovely
face had clear, natural colour that had little need of make- up and her pale
skin was sprinkled with light freckles.

      Dolly took June by the arm and lead the lewdly postured young woman to
stand before their regal hostess.

      With a leer that heightened the blush of shame on the blonde's pretty
face, the red head's burning green eyes moved slowly and lustfully over the
buxom girl's obscenely displayed naked charms, from head to toes and back again.
Making June feel, yet again, the hot flush of humiliation wash over her lush
young body.

      "So Dolly." The red haired woman smiled, her smouldering green eyes still
moving intently over the naked young mother's lush curves. "This is the wicked
young penitent who presents her self here for punishment, is it?"

      "It is." Dolly chuckled, stepping to stand besides the trembling June.
"Allow me to present her to you."

      The lovely red head nodded.

     "Mrs Celia Pain." Dolly called out in a loud and clear voice. "I present
before you, today, the person of Mrs June Bending, Debtor and Adulteress, Who
humbly submits herself to you for punishment."

      "Well, I must say, she's certainly a looker." Said Celia. "And a Debtor
and Adulteress too, you say? Well, Mrs Bending, do you admit the charges?"

      Burning with shame, tears welling in her eyes, June nodded her lovely
head, miserably.

      "Yes, Mrs Pain." She answered in a choked voice.

      "Well, then," Celia laughed with delight. "I pronounce her guilty. We will
proceed with her punishment forthwith."

      With the obvious exception of June, all in the room laughed with amused
approval.

      "Oh! Before we start." Went on Celia. "Bill, my sweet. Give our guests a
drink, there's a dear. You boys please your selves, Dolly and I will have some
wine and give Mrs Bending a nice big glass of cold lager."

      "Oh! Please! No! Not for me, thank you!" June cried, timorously. "Y...You
see, Mrs Pain. I...I..I really do need to use your loo. I need to spend a penny,
quite urgently."

      "Nonsense." Cried the redhead. "You'll have your drink first and I will
allow you to have a pee after. Now, drop those tits of yours and get that down
you. Or else."

      And taking the large glass of cold beer from her husband, she handed it to
the snivelling girl, with a cruel smile.

      "I'll make a toast." The redhead continued. "And after it every one must
drain their glasses."

       Following her lead, they all lifted their glasses high, including the
trembling June.

      "Ladies and Gentlemen." Celia laughed with cruel delight. "To Junes
screams. May they be loud and long."

      Laughing, the four older men and women made the toast and drained their
glasses. Then all four turned towards the shaking blonde.

      "Drink." Celia snapped.

      Lifting her glass to her lips, June closed her eyes tight and gulped down
the drink until the glass was empty. Gasping with the effort, the young woman
lowered her glass and handed it to Dolly, who placed it, with her own, back on
the sideboard.

      All eyes were on the naked blonde. In a moment she gave a loud gasp and
pressed her hand to her quip.

      "AAH!" she cried her lower lip aquiver. "Oh, please, please, Mrs Pain. May
I use the loo now?   




F   CHAPTER 8.



      "AAH! Oh, please Mrs Pain!" June cried, her lower lip quivering, her knees
pressed tightly together and her fingers squeezing the plump lips of her cunt.
"May I use you loo now?"

      "Certainly not." Celia Pain laughed at the girl's distress. "You have to
be subjected to a thorough sexual examination first. Miss Stern, turn the slut
around so she can present her fat arse to me in the correct manner."

      Dolly was delighted with the way the lovely redhead was conducting the
proceedings. The way the Authoress was handling the young wife was really a
masterpiece of subjugation. Some times it was hard to realize that Celia was
only thirty. Ten years younger than Bill and only eight years older than the
buxom naked girl, wriggling so amusingly before them.

      With a grin, the brunette took June's arm and turned her around so her
lovely back was towards their Hostess.

      "Now, just stop that dancing around." The accountant snapped at the
dismayed young woman. "Spread your legs, bend your knees and stick your big bum
out, as you have been shown. And don't forget to look back over your shoulder so
that Mrs Pain can see your face."

      With an anguished sob, June once again took up the obscene pose. Giving
Celia a splendid view of both, her superbly rounded bum and her expressions of
shame and humiliation.

      "Ah! What an arse!" Celia exclaimed with lecherous delight. "You are quite
right, Bill. It is 'Gorgeous'! And......Ooooooo! Just look at her lovely fat
cunt, peeping out beneath it. I do believe it's dripping!"

      "If what she says about using the loo is correct, she'll be more than
dripping in a minute." Bill Pain chuckled.

      "Yes." His wife agreed, with a giggle. "We'd better get on."

      She moved closer to the naked blonde and dropped to her knees behind her.
With her full lips twisted into a lecherous pout, the redhead placed her hands
on the snivelling girl's backwards thrusting buttocks and smoothed them over the
fleshy, rounded globes, with mounting excitement.

      "Aaaah! How full and smooth they are!" Celia smiled, weighing the reddened
bumcheeks in her hands. "Oh! And how hot they still are from the paddling you
gave her as you walked her up the drive, Dolly."

      The two men had now moved behind the kneeling woman and were watching the
humiliating inspection with eager, shining eyes.

      Celia's fingers crooked and dug cruelly into the bruised and quivering
buttocks as she gripped a firm arsecheek in each hand. A gasp came from the
young blonde's lips as the sore flesh of her shapely bum was squeezed with
relish.

      Chuckling at the helpless young wife's discomfort, the redhead looked up
at the lovely face that was gazing down, tearfully at her from over the weeping
girl's plump shoulder. As their eyes met, the young woman blushed an even deeper
shade of red, as she realized what the lascivious lady was about to do.

      "Yes, Mrs Bending. You've guessed it." Celia laughed, delighted at the
young mother's shame. "I'm going to take a good look at your arsehole. Miss
Stern assures me that you are a 'virgin' back here. But I can hardly believe
that a bum as big and beautiful as this one, has never been thoroughly
buggered."

      Turning her attention back to the delightful job at hand, the beautiful

      Novelist again tightened her grip on the hot, soft flesh and, with a
little snarl of glee, she pulled open the humiliated girl's big, rounded
arsecheeks. With June now weeping loudly with shame, Celia spread the meaty
globes wide apart and fully exposed, to all their lecherous eyes, the big,
wrinkled, puckered rosette, of the girl's rosy pink arsehole.

      "Ah! How lovely it is." The redhead exclaimed. "And I can see what you
mean about its size. A five pound coin wouldn't cover it. I think you were
right, Dolly. She's just what we need for our little experiment."

      "You don't think she'll be too tight, do you Celia?" Asked George, leaning
foreword and eyeing June's anus.

      "Oh, no. I don't think so, George." The kneeling woman answered, lightly.
"Her flesh has such a lovely elastic quality. I'm sure she'll stretch well."

      She looked up into the tearful blonde's face and released the girl's
trembling buttocks.

      "Mrs Bending." She leered. "Grip your arsecheeks and pull them wide open.
I'm going to 'Goose' you."

      The naked, sobbing, young wife and mother, obediently reached back and,
gripping a plump buttock in each hand, she spread them wide.

      Her eyes flashing with lecherous delight, the Authoress plunged two
fingers of her right hand deep into June's wet cunt and scooping out the thickly
flowing juice, she carefully coated the naked girl's exposed arsehole with the
rich, slippery love cream.

      "There." Celia smiled. "I think that should do it."

      And carefully, she thrust her greasy middle fingertip into the centre of
the groaning girl's puckered, pink anus.

      Screwing her finger around, left and right, the lascivious redhead quickly
thrust its full length, to the last knuckle, deep into the hot depths of the
crying girl's bowels.

      When she was at last satisfied that she had thrust her finger as far up
June's arsehole as she could get it, the lewd lady giggled with cruel delight.
For June, though still correctly posed, was lifted right up on her toes.

      "How funny you look, Mrs Bending." Laughed Celia, looking up at the
screwed up face of the wincing young woman. Then turning to her three
collaborators she said. "Yes. She is very tight, but I'm sure that she will
loosen-up before we're through with her. Eh Mrs Bending?"

      And with a leer, she began pistoning her stiff finger, swiftly, in and out
of the girl's tightly clenching turd-tube.

      As soon as she had the naked young 'Juno' grunting loudly under the
onslaught of her swiftly flashing finger, the redhead pulled it from the girl's
bowels, with a 'plop'. Jumping to her feet, she turned to the grinning brunette.

      "Quickly, Dolly." She cried. "Get her up on the table. I want to look at
her cunt."

      Dolly moved the gasping June to the table, smacking the tearful young
girl's bruised and juddering arsecheeks as they went. Bill Pain placed his big
hands around the girl's waist and lifted her, easily, onto the table top.

      "Now come here, facing the light." Celia instructed.

      June obeyed, moving to the edge of the table.

      "Now, up on your toes and squat down on the backs of your heels." The lady
of the house continued. "That's right. Now, place your arms behind you and lean
back, supporting yourself on your arms."

      The weeping blonde did has she was bidden.

      "Yes, that's it." The redhead nodded. "Now spread your knees and open your
thighs wide."

      Once more beginning to weep with shame, June submissively obeyed the
beautiful woman's vile demands and obscenely exposed her fat lipped cunt to the
lecherous gaze of the four bright eyed libertines

      "Beautiful." Bill Pain grinned, licking his sensuous lips. 

      "Yes." George Cane agreed. "And it grips as beautifully, too."

      "That may well be, boys." Celia laughed. "But first things first. I want
to see this 'great big tickler' Dolly's been telling me about."

      She moved foreword, stooping before the full, plump, thighs and, ignoring
the naked girl's sobs of shame, placed her fingers on the fat cuntlips on each
side of the gaping red gash.

      The firm pressure of the redhead's finger tips on the plump, white lips of
June's peach like cunt, caused the girl's swollen, pink inner lips to bulge out,
wetly, from her gaping crack. At the top of the raw red gash, the glittering
folds of her fleshy hood, protruded haughtily.

      Moving her fingers to the hood, Celia firmly pushed back the fleshy folds
until, with a quick flick, out sprang the fat, swollen stalk of the shapely
blonde's big clitoris.

      Bill and Celia gasped with surprise.

      "Fuck! What a whopper!" Cried Bill.

      "Oh! Yes!" Agreed his wife. "Oooo, Dolly. You were so right. It is a
beaute."

      And she pushed back the hood past the root of the throbbing gland,
exposing the full, swollen length of the girl's big, turgid tickler to the
lustful gaze of the four lechers.

      "AAH! See how stiff it is." Crooned the drooling redhead, her full lips
twisting into a pout of lust. "You can see it throb and quiver. Let's see how
naturally sensitive it is first, shall we? We'll see how it reacts to some
carefully applied stimulation. Dolly, darling, get me that long thin feather off
the sideboard, there's a love."

      The brunette hurried to the sideboard and, picking up a long, stiff
feather off its top, she handed it to her leering ladyfriend.

      Celia took the evil implement in her right hand and, prising open June's
cuntcrack with the fingers of her left, she carefully applied the pointed tip of
the feather to the swollen top of the squatting girl's bloated clit.

      At the first touch of the feather on the throbbing gland, June gave a loud
cry.

      "AAAAH! OH, DEAR GOD! DEAR GOD!" The buxom blonde shrieked. "NO! NO!
PLEASE! NO! I CAN'T STAND IT!"

      Celia, laughing gleefully, looked up at the lovely face of the weeping
young wife. Who, squatting back on her heels as she was, was gazing, wild eyed,
down between her huge jutting breasts, to where the feather tip was poised,
menacingly, over her pulsing tickler.

      "Now, now, Mrs Bending." Celia cautioned the snivelling blonde. "You don't
want to be tied down, do you?"

      "Oh, no, Mrs Pain." June sobbed, shaking her head and blinking away her
tears.

      "Well then, just be a good girl and don't interfere." The authoress
warned, turning her attention back to the squatting young woman's stiffly
protruding clitty.

      Licking her lips lasciviously, Celia once more applied the wicked feather
tip to the shapely girl's quivering clitoris.

      "AAAAAAGH! NNNNNNGG! AAAH! OOOOO! NNAAAARH! OOOOOOOOO! AAAAAAAAAGH!"
June's loud cries, gasps and grunts, filled the room as the skilful redhead
brushed the feather lightly over the bloated and engorged stem of he naked
girl's love-bud.

      Up and down the sides, over and across the pulsating, swollen tip, around
and around its congested base, Celia stroked the maddening feather point over
the throbbing stalk of highly sensitive flesh.

      Much to the delighted amusement of the four libertines, this exciting
treatment of her big clitoris, caused the squatting , naked girl, supported only
on the palms of her hands and the balls of her pretty feet, to throw back her
lovely head and squeal, snort and shriek.

      "Oh! Look! Look at her go!" The lecherous novelist laughed with glee.
"Look how her tits wobble and her belly, thighs and bumcheeks judder. See how
she winks her cunt at us and pouts her arsehole for a kiss.

      It was indeed plain to see that under the cruel stimulation of the dancing
feather, June had become terribly aroused.

      Laughing with delight at the lewd masturbation of their helpless victim,
Dolly and George quickly stripped off their clothes until they were as naked as
she.

      Suddenly, just as the young woman on the table was about to exquisitely
climax, Celia pulled away the feather and stepped back to watch the girl's
reaction.

      June gave a loud shriek of anguish.

      "AAAAAAAAAH! NO! NO! OH, GOD! NO! PLEASE! PLEASE! NO!" She screamed,
jerking her spasming cunt at the empty air.

      Celia's laughter filled the room.

      "Oh, how funny!" She cried with delight. "What a dirty, randy slut she
is!"

      Leaving the young blonde crying with frustration, the redhead went to the
sideboard and took a large glass bowl from the top. Carrying it back to June,
she placed it, carefully, on the table between the sobbing young mother's pretty
feet and directly beneath her agitated twat.

      The tearful girl stared down at the bowl with a puzzled look on her lovely
face, but the four libertines standing watching her, leered, knowingly.

      "There you are, Mrs Bending." Celia smiled, sweetly. "Go ahead."

      "I....I....I'm s...sorry, M...Mrs P...Pain." June sobbed. "I....I...don't
un....understand."

      "Well, Mrs Bending." The redhead explained. "You said you wanted to 'spend
a penny'. So go ahead."

      "What!" The squatting beauty cried out with an incredulous gasp. "You
can't be serious!"

      "Oh! I'm absolutely serious, Mrs Bending!" Celia snapped, her voice
hardening. "You will now piss in that bowl and be quick about it."

      "Oh, please, please, Mrs Pain." June begged, hot tears of shame running
down her cheeks and dripping on to her big, wobbling breasts. "I couldn't! I
just couldn't! Not like this! Not in front of.....the men!"

      "Well, let's just see, shall we?" The Authoress smiled, wickedly.

      Picking up the feather again, the lovely redhead leaned foreword  and
prised open the squatting girl's cuntcrack with the fingers and thumb of her
left hand. She then called her three accomplices to come closer.

      "There." She chuckled. "See her pisshole? See how it gapes open. Her
bladder must be bursting. Now watch this."

      Carefully, Celia applied the pointy tip of the feather to the buxom girl's
gaping pisshole and firmly thrust an inch of the maddening plume right into
June's urethra.

      The girl gave a loud gasp as, with her lovely blue eyes bulging from her
head, she gazed, aghast, down at her defenceless cunt.

      Celia began to twirl the feather's tip around and around in the young
woman's piss tube, furiously agitating her sensitive vent.

      June squealed. A small spurt of fluid gushed from her quim.

      Swiftly pulling the evil feather out of the girl's sex, Celia and her
accomplices watched avidly, as their beautiful victim's cuntcrack winked and
bulged out between its fat lips. They saw her enflamed pisshole pucker and pout
and, suddenly, as the squatting, naked young woman squealed with horrified
humiliation, they gazed with delight as a great, amber jet, spurted out of her
distended pisstube and gushed, ferociously, into the glass bowl.

      While the others laughed, cruelly, at her humiliating display, June found
that as her aching bladder relaxed, she could in no way stop the fierce flow.
The great jet of piss spurted, hot and steaming, from her gaping cunt, and
gushed, hissing and splashing loudly, into the bowl.

      "Fucking hell! She pisses like a mare!" Laughed George, his eyes
glittering.

      "God! What a sight!" Added Bill, with a whistle.

      "Yes. The dirty bitch." Dolly giggled. "See how it gushes out."

      "Yes. It's quite an exhibition you're giving us, Mrs Bending." Celia
laughed, delighted at seeing the deep shame in the eyes of the young Wife and
Mother. "We are all watching you, my dear. The men, too. Oooooh! Mrs Bending.
Men are watching you piss. Oooo, how lewd you are, Mrs Bending. The boys can see
the piss spurting out of that fat cunt of yours. You dirty slut! I'll have to
punish you for this obscene display. Look at what you have done to Mr Cane's
Cock. It's gone all stiff and hard and sticking out like a poker. You'll have to
pay for that, you naughty girl.

      "My God!" Cried Dolly. "It's still spurting out, hot and strong! She must
have done a gallon."

      It was true. The fierce golden jet still gushed out of the young blonde's
bulging cunt and rattled, noisily, into a bowl that was now a good three
quarters full of hot steaming piss. Then, just as they thought she'd overflow
the bowl, the jet slowed to a trickle and stopped.

      The spectators saw her cunt wink and gape. Her pisshole, pucker and pout.
It gave two more spurts and a gush and it was over.

      June remained squatting and weeping quietly, her wet cunt dripping.

      "Here George." Celia directed. "Put her piss on the sideboard. Don't spill
any. We might make her drink some of it later."

      June's red rimmed eyes shot open and she looked up with alarm.

      "Ah! I thought that would make you sit up and take notice." The redhead
chuckled. "But you never know. I just might. If you give me any trouble."

      Then she waved her finger at the blonde, with menace.

      "And should you give me any real trouble..." She moved closer to the
frightened young woman, her green eyes shining brightly. "Well then, Mrs
Bending, I'll see to it that you go to the Stake! Oh, yes! That's quite a sight,
Mrs Bending. It's we all love to see. A woman on the stake."

      June didn't have the faintest idea what the woman was talking about, but
the words sent a shudder through her lovely body.

      Dolly laughed.

      "You'd better behave yourself, hadn't you?" The older woman leered, as she
tenderly wiped the tears from the girl's cheeks with a tissue and then dabbed
dry her dripping quim.

      "That's right. You stay like that for a moment longer." The red-haired
woman said to the sobbing girl, who had obediently remained squatting, lewdly,
on the table.

      Celia walked to the sideboard, opened a draw and removed from it a small
glass vial. With a wicked smile on her lovely face, she moved back to the table.

      Unscrewing the cap off the little bottle, the Authoress carefully withdrew
a glass 'eye-dropper' filled with a light coloured liquid and handed the vial to
Dolly to hold.

      "Yes, Dolly, I agree that she gets extremely aroused, quite naturally."
Said the redhead to the brunette. "But, I think I'll just put a dab of this on
that big tickler, of her's." She smiled, evilly. "That will really get her on
the boil and keep her that way for days."

      And, giggling like schoolgirls, the two lustful ladies leaned towards the
naked blonde's defenceless cunt.

      Putting both her hands on the fat lips of June's twat, Dolly pushed back
the fleshy folds of the hood with her fingers and thumbs, until the fat stalk of
the girl's splendid clitoris was fully exposed, sticking out stiff and swollen.

      "How's that?" Asked the brunette.

      "Lovely." Celia answered. "Just hold it like that for a sec."

      And she carefully applied the end of the 'dropper' to swollen tip of
June's big clit.

      "My! It's quite a size, isn't it?" Mused Dolly, as she watched the
operation with interest. "It must be an inch and a half long."

      "Nearer two inches, I'd say." Remarked Celia, as she squeezed the little
rubber bulb in her fingers and covered the throbbing stem with the mysterious
fluid.. Taking great care, the redhead made sure that the young blonde's big
tickler was thoroughly soaked all over by the liquid, even at its base and in
the folds of its hood.

       "There now." Said the Authoress, standing up straight and replacing the
'dropper' into the vial that George was now holding. "Put it back in the draw,
love. And while we are waiting for results, I'll get 'stripped ready for
action'."

      Stepping back a little, Celia was aware that, with her own, all eyes were
on the buxom, naked blonde, squatting on the table, lewdly exposing her cunt to
the room. But, she was amused to see that June's smouldering eyes were fixed on
her, as she casually loosened her shoulder-straps and allowed the green satin
dress to fall, dramatically, to the floor.

      The beautiful redhead stood proudly before the girl. With her hands on her
hips, she brazenly flaunted her voluptuous body, now as naked as the girl
herself. Stepping out of the green pool of her gown, she moved nearer the table.
Her smooth fair skin, where it was not covered with pretty freckles, was almost
white and the faint, blue lines of her veins could just be seen under it at her
soft breasts. Her breasts, though not as big as the blonde's, were high, round
and firm. Her thighs were full and her smooth, round arse jutted, arrogantly

      June blinked her eyes and began to breathe heavily. Four pair of eyes
watched her, intently. A frown creased her brow and she caught her full lower
lip between her teeth and shook her lovely head from side to side.

      The four lechers watching her, grinned at each other, excitedly and Celia
nodded with cruel satisfaction. Opening her eyes, the young woman looked at her
tormentors, pitifully. But saw only a gloating gaze looking back. Suddenly, she
gasped.

      "AAAH! AAAAAH! OH! OH, GOD!" She cried out.

      Still squatting and supporting her self only on her fingers and toes, her
thighs, belly and arsecheeks began to judder and twitch and her great tits,
wobble and bounce. In a second her winking cunt was dancing a furious jig, which
brought delighted laughter from her audience.

      "What ever is the matter, Mrs Bending?" Bill Pain grinned. "You seem to be
most agitated."

      "OH, GOD! IT'S ITCHING. IT'S ITCHING SO BAD!" Gasped June. "OH, DEAR GOD!
I CAN'T STAND IT!"

      "What's itching, Mrs Bending?" chuckled George, with a leer. "Tell us
exactly what it is."

      "Yes, Mrs Bending." Laughed Dolly. "You must be specific. Tell us now.
What exactly is itching?"

      "Oh, you know! You know!" Squealed the wriggling blonde.

      "Tell us." Snapped Celia. "Or you'll go to the Stake!"

      "Oh, God." Cried June, shaking her head from side to side. "God help me."

      "TELL US!" The naked redhead shouted.

      "Oh. Oh." The buxom blonde blubbered like a child. "My cunny. My cunny is
itching."

      "You mean your CUNT!" Snapped Celia.

      "Yes. Yes, my cunt. My cunt." Sobbed June, tears splashing every where.
"MY CUNT IS ITCHING!"

      "Well, why didn't you say so?" Laughed the Novelist. "And where exactly is
it itching?"

      "AAAH!" Gasped the girl, madly wriggling her loins. "It's my clitty. My
clitty is itching."

      "In future you will refer to them as your Cunt and Tickler." Instructed
the redhead. "Do you understand, Mrs Bending?"

      "Yes." Sobbed the young woman, nodding her head, desperately.

      "And your Arsehole and your Udders." Celia went on.

      The weeping girl nodded, biting her lip.

      "Say it, then." The redhead insisted. "Say the words."

      "NAAAAA-AAA-AAAAH!" Sobbed June, crying like a baby. "My CUNT. My TICKLER.
My ARSEHOLE. My UDDERS.

      "Good! Be sure you remember." Celia smiled, salaciously. "Now, let's have
a look."

      She and Dolly leaned foreword to examine the young mother's enflamed cunt
and clitoris.

      "There. You see, Dolly?" The Authoress smiled to her friend. "The fluid
has been completely absorbed into her tender flesh. The irritation lasts for
days and is guaranteed to keep the subject at the peak of the highest sexual
arousal for all of that time."

      "Oh, yes. I can see." Giggled Dolly. "Look at her big tickler throbbing
and just see how wet she is."

      "Yes, she's sopping," Leered Celia, who moved her hands the blonde's
twitching cunt and with her thumbs, prised the fat lips apart. In the exposed
red depths of the girl's pulsing sex, could be seen collecting, an abundance of
thick, creamy cuntjuice, which dribbled out of her crack and oozed down between
the juddering cheeks of her fat arse.

      "Just look at her cuntcream flowing!" The redhead laughed. "And it's just
as well. Because she's going to need it."

      Straightening up, she licked her fingers with relish."

      "Lift her down, Bill." She called to her husband. "It's time she started
to entertain us."      




F     Chapter 9.



      Quickly, Bill swept the trembling blonde off the table and lifted her to
the floor, where she stood weeping and vigorously rubbing her swollen clit with
her fingers.

      "Stop that." Dolly shouted, smacking the girl's hands away from her
agitated cunt. "You are not to frig yourself until you are told to."

      "Yes." Agreed Celia, giving the matter some thought. "Place your hands on
your udders, Mrs Bending. And mind you don't move them until I tell you to. You
can tweak your nipples if you want to." She added with a grin.

      "What are we going to do to her first, Ceel.?" Asked George, eagerly, his
fist firmly kneading his thick, bloated cock.

      "You just be careful you don't loose your spunk, George." The lovely lady
retorted with a grin. "I'll be needing that prick of yours, hard and stiff, in a
few minutes. But first, I think, a little more punishment is called for."

      Going to the draw, she took out a number of implements, which she brought
back and placed on the table. Taking one in her hand, Celia turned and held it
up so that June could get a good look at it.

      The sobbing blonde, who was standing with her hands clasped to her big
breasts, gave a gasp and her tearful eyes opened wide with dismay.

      What the redhead was holding, was a small, black whip, equipped with nine,
long leather thongs.

      "Do you like my little 'cat', Mrs Bending?" Celia asked, sweetly. "I'm
told it stings like the very Devil. Especially when it claws a big 'Pussy'."

      The lustful lady laughed, her wide hips thrust foreword, proudly
exhibiting the flame-red bush on the bottom of her round belly.

     "Get down on to your hands and knees, Mrs Bending." The redhead commanded
the snivelling, wriggling young woman. "I'm going to 'tickle up' that big arse
of yours."

      "Oh! Please! Please, don't hurt me!" The girl begged, pitifully. "Please
don't!"

      But, smiling sweetly, Dolly Stern moved foreword and helped the trembling
girl to her knees, where she posed her, lewdly.

      "Now, hollow your back as you've been shown, Mrs Bending." The older woman
ordered. "That's the way. Stick your big bum right up and round it nicely. We
want to see your cunt peeping out from the back. That's it. That's lovely."

      The brunette turned to the redhead.

      "How's that, Ceel? She asked.

      "Just open her legs wider and she'll be fine." Answered the Authoress,
running the thongs of the 'cat' through her fingers.

      "You heard Mrs Pain." Dolly said to the sobbing June. "Spread your knees
wider apart."

      Submissively, the naked blonde obeyed.

      "Just the way I like them." Celia laughed, taking up her position behind
and a little to the left of the crouching girl.

      Holding the 'cat' in her right hand, the redhead raised her arm high in
the air and brought the whip slashing down, hard, on the girl's big defenceless
arse.

      SSSSSSSSSSWISSSSSH!   

      The 'cat's nine thongs spread out like a fan, covering the whole broad
expanse of June's bum and bit, wickedly, into the young wife's rounded buttocks.

      "EEEEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAA!"

      June's shrill scream, once again filled the big room. It felt to her as if
a red hot steel plate had been pressed against her buttocks.

      Behind her, the four libertines, with eager eyes aglow, watched with
mounting excitement, as the squealing girl's burning bumcheeks clenched and
twisted in a desperate effort to allay the pain.

      "Did you like that one, Mrs Bending?" The redhead giggled cruelly.

      "Oh! No! No! No! It hurts so!" The fair girl sobbed. "No more! No more!
Please, Mrs Pain! No more!"

      "No more?" Laughed Celia, again raising the 'cat' high. "Why, Mrs Bending,
we're only just beginning."

      SSSSSSSSSSSSWISSSSSH!

      Down came the whip once more.

     "NNNAAAAAARHH!" Shrieked the buxom blonde, the thongs biting into her
welted buttocks.

      SSSSSSSSSSSSWISSSSSSSH! SSSSSSSSSSSWISSSSSH!

      SSSSSSSSSSSSWISSSSSSSH! SSSSSSSSSSSWISSSSSSH!

      Again and again the wicked whip slashed down and cruelly cut across the
girl's writhing arsecheeks. June, her lovely head thrown right back, shrieked
and sobbed, while her splendid, big voluptuous arse danced in frenzy. 

      "Look at her go!" Laughed Bill, gazing in delight at the young woman's
striped and writhing bum.

      "Yes." Agreed Dolly, "She can certainly move her fat arse when she wants
to."

      "I'll make it jump." Laughed Celia, her lovely naked body beginning to
sweat with her effort.

      This time the wicked lady brought the nine thongs slashing down low
between the shrieking girl's legs, so that they fanned out and cut her across
the soft, fleshy swell of her full inner thigh.

      "WWWAAAAAAAAGH!"

      June yelled in reply.

      "OOOH! Lovely one!" Snarled George. "Go on, Ceel! Give her another one
like that!"

      Obligingly, Celia crossed to the girl's other side and treated the soft
inner flesh of her other thigh with the same skilful cut.

      "NNAAAAAAAAAAGH!"

      Came the girl's full throated response.

      Now Celia began aiming her cuts at different parts of the girl's lovely,
plump back, spreading the bright red stripes at every stroke. Although most cuts
fell across her full, bruised buttocks, a few she stroked down around the girl's
ribs, just below her arms. When the redhead delivered this cut, the thongs
curled around under June's body, fanned out and slashed around the full, hanging
globes of the blonde's big, dangling breasts. This caused the girl to shriek
even louder than before, as her big, soft tits were particularly sensitive.

      After treating her buxom victim's swinging jugs a dozen good swipes, the
beautiful Novelist gave the screaming girl's bounding bum a dozen more. Then,
winking, lecherously at her accomplices, the sweating lady moved to stand before
the crouching girl's head. From there, she skilfully stroked the nine thongs
down into June's wide spread arse groove, around between her thighs and over the
shrieking blonde's abused and gaping cunt.

      The burning thongs cut over the girl's pouting anus, across her fat
cuntlips, stung inside her gaping wet crack and slashed across her swollen
clitoris.

      June's hair stood straight up on her head. Her eyes bulged from her head.
High in pitch, her shriek drowned out the laughter of her four tormentors.

      "EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAH!"

      Viciously, Celia used the stroke, again and again, cruelly beating the
writhing blonde's tortured twat.

      June felt as if her arse was on fire. The accumulated strokes from the
stinging thongs made her feel as if the tender flesh of her thighs, breasts and
swollen cunt, was being attacked by a thousand angry wasps. All the heat seemed
to concentrate deep in the engorged stalk of her congested tickler. The waves of
pain now flushed over her sweat dripping body, like a delicious, exquisite
pleasure. She started to round and spread her writhing buttocks back for the
blows. Exposing the wet, swollen flesh of her open, boiling cunt, to the
stinging thongs.

        June's lush body began to tremble all over, as if she were having a
sexual fit. Throwing back her head, she bellowed.

      "AAAAAAAAAAH!

      "Look! Look! The slut's cumming!" Cried Dolly, gloating over the young
blonde's lust agony.

       Both the men leered, gleefully.

      "Yes! Yes, she is!" Agreed Celia, breathing quite heavily with the
exertion of the whipping and giving the squealing girl a last few vicious cuts
across her boiling arse. "That will be enough for now. See how her cunt is,
Dolly."

      As the Junoesque young wife and mother crouched on hands and knees and
sobbed in anguished humiliation, Dolly Stern squatted behind her and, with eager
delight, subjected the girl's enflamed and burning cunt, to a thorough
examination.

      "Fuck! It's so hot!" The excited brunette squealed, thrusting her fingers,
deep, into the highly aroused blonde's pulsing sex. "And the lips are so swollen
and red. Her big tickler feels as if it's about to burst and....Ooooo! See how
she bucks her arse when I flick it. And her cuntcream is absolutely gushing from
her."

      "Good!" Said the redhead, replacing the 'cat' on the table. "Kneel her
upright and finger her for a while. I've got something to show her."

      Dolly made June straighten up and kneel with her knees wide apart. Then,
while the girl was once again made to grip her own big breasts, the older woman
slipped her right hand down under her plump, red glowing arsecheeks, between her
full, soft thighs and began vigorously fingering her. As the girl began to
groan, the lecherous brunette slid her left hand down over her round belly and,
gripping the swollen stalk of her big clitoris between finger and thumb, began
pulling and stretching it.

      June, the radiating heat from her whipped flesh flooding in hot waves to
her cunt, grunted and snorted as the naked brunette's clever, pumping fingers,
quickly got her humping her fat arse in response to the cruel milking of her of
her swollen tickler.

      Aroused now to fever pitch, the gasping blonde saw through her tears, a
dark figure standing before her. Blinking her blue eyes, she saw that it was
Bill Pain's tall frame. Even through the lust filled turmoil of her mind, she
thought it strange that the handsome Sculptor's lean and powerful body was still
covered by his black silk robe.

      Raising her eyes to his face, she saw his own bright eyes burning down on
her lush body with ferocious desire. His sensual lips pulled back from his
perfect white teeth in an animal like snarl, he clutched at the silk covering of
his stomach with both hands, as if he had a pain in his guts. Suddenly, his wife
dropped to her knees beside him and smiled, lasciviously, at the gasping young
woman.

      "Now, Mrs Bending," The redhead leered. "I want you to watch, carefully."

      Putting her arms around her husband's hips, she slowly pulled up the hem
of his robe.

      As the black silk opened like the curtains of a stage, so the Sculpture's
sinewy legs came into view, his thin, muscular thighs spread. When the hem had
reached the junction of his thighs, June's eyes opened even wider with wonder.
There, hanging down between the man's lean and powerful legs were a pair of
huge, dangling balls.

      With her big, blue eyes popping from her head, the groaning blonde stared
with mounting excitement at what the red haired woman had revealed to her. Bill
Pain's great bollocks, each as big as a Snooker ball, hung down some six inches
below his groin, suspended in their wrinkled, leathery scrotum and swung,
pendulously, back and fore.

      "There, Mrs Bending." The beautiful Authoress chuckled, delighted with the
younger woman's reaction. "Have you ever seen a pair of Cods as big as these
before?"

      June, her arse jerking in time with Dolly's vigorous fingering of her
cunt, shook her lovely head, her tongue darting over her dry and swollen lips.

      "Go on. Touch them." Celia urged. "Feel how heavy they are."

      Slowly June released one breast and, moving her right hand out, she gently
cupped the tall man's big, pendulous balls in her soft, warm palm and lifting
them, weighed them, tentatively.

      "Oh, God!" She groaned. "They're huge!"

      She heard Dolly Stern and George Cane, snigger behind her and saw Celia
nodding her agreement.

      "Yes, Mrs Bending. They are." The lovely redhead laughed. "And what's
more, they are filled with lovely, thick, rich, creamy spunk. Just for you."

      June's mouth opened and closed, but only gasps came out. She just knelt
there staring, with her left hand kneading her left breast and her right hand
holding the tall Sculptor's big balls.

      "And that's not all, Mrs Bending." The excited Authoress continued, her
smouldering green eyes dancing as she watched the trembling blonde. "This is all
for you, too."

      Just then, as her Husband released the silken belt that held his robe
closed, Celia pulled back the black material so that all the front of his lean,
sinewy body was revealed. The belt had also been used to strap the rampant
column of the tall man's penis up against his hard muscled stomach. Now freed,
his prick sprang out, throbbing powerfully, and stood straight up, stiffly,
against his hard belly.

      June, dropping the man's bollocks so that they swung and dangled between
his long, lean thighs, gave a loud cry of alarm and would have leapt back if
Dolly had not held her firmly in position. The buxom young blonde's mouth hung
open wide and her big, blue eyes bulged with disbelief, as she gazed with
shocked amazement at the Sculptor's great, awesome yard.

      It was immense!

      Celia laughed with delight at the awed look on the lovely face of the fair
haired girl, trembling, on her knees before her. She had seen that look many
times before. And on the faces of women with a lot more sexual experience than
this innocent young wife and mother. She understood the absolute astonishment
with witch her Husband's splendid cock was beheld. She knew its every superb
dimension.

      "Look at it! Isn't it a beauty?" She cooed to the blonde. "How big do you
think it is?"

       June, still bug-eyed with wonder, shook her lovely head.

      "Well." Celia began; moving her hand to the massive shaft and making it
leap at the touch of her warm fingertips. "It is exactly twelve and a half
inches long and so handsome, too, don't you think? Its girth measures eight and
a half inches in circumference at the base, eight inches at half its length and
eight and a half inches at its shoulders."

      She fondled the mighty weapon lovingly, as she spoke and brushed her
fingers lightly over its great, circumcised knob.

      "And this beautiful domed helmet." She continued, drooling as she gazed
admiringly, the pulsing, turgid head. "It is an amazing nine inches in
circumference at the flange."

      The redhead looked at the awed face of the shapely, shuddering young wife
and giggled with delight.

      "Oh, Mrs Bending." She leered. "Have you ever seen anything like it in
your life?"

      Wide eyed, June groaned aloud. Dolly had worked four fingers up into the
girl's flooding cunt and as her big, blue eyes, gazed at the massive cock before
her, lust swept through her veins like liquid fire.

      "Go on." Celia urged the terribly aroused girl. "Hold it. Take it in your
hands."

      With a sob, the trembling blonde put out her hands and, while the left
gently cupped the dangling cods, her right gripped the great cock by its thick,
pulsing shaft and began pumping the soft, satin smooth skin, up and down the
hard, rigid column beneath.

      While George and the women laughed to see the girl's desire and Bill Pain,
snorting and grunting lecherously, thrust out his hips to display his splendid
prick to June's smouldering eyes, the buxom blonde, sobbing with lust, rubbed
her soft cheek against the engorged and throbbing knob.

      "Yes! Go on! Kiss it!" Encouraged Celia, her green eyes shining. "A lovely
big wet one."

      June pouted her full, swollen lips and gently pressed a soft kiss on the
tip of the great, purple plum.

      A large globule of clear cock juice, oozed out of it's gaping pisshole and
hung, suspended like a due drop, on the end.

      "Oh, quickly, Mrs Bending." The redhead cried. "Catch it on your tongue."

      Obediently, the girl put out her tongue and, licking the globule off the
knob, she rolled the salty pre-cum around her mouth.

      "Nice, isn't it?" The Authoress grinned, as the young wife licked her
lips, appreciatively. "Now give it a good sucking, for him. Mr Pain loves a good
gobble, so make it a good one. Plenty of tongue and saliva."

      With shame and humiliation washing over her in beautiful, exciting waves,
the lovely young wife opened her pretty mouth as wide as she could and tried to
encompass the huge, swollen knob with her sweet, red lips. With her lips and
tongue encircling only half of the pulsing plum, she began to suck, greedily,
wriggling the tip of her tongue into the gaping, oozing pisshole, at the top.

      While her husband mouthed gross obscenities to the young blonde sucking on
his throbbing cock, the redhead glanced at Dolly, who was still furiously
fingering the slobbering girl.

      "How is her cunt, Dolly?" Celia asked. "Is it ready?"  

      "Fuck, yes!" Dolly answered. "I've got four fingers up her and her cream
is just gushing out. She's absolutely sopping."

      "Good! Then it's time they fucked." The beautiful Authoress cried,
excitedly. "I think it would be nice if he gave it to her, hard, on the floor.
Lay her down, Dolly. Watching Bill slip that great cuntbuster of his into her
belly for the first time should prove quite amusing."

      "Right." Said Dolly to the sucking blonde. "That's enough of that."

      And, pulling the girl away from the mighty prick, the older woman lowered
her, whining with frustration, to the carpet. There she sprawled, thighs spread
wide and arms stretched out beseechingly, to the lean and powerful, big boned
(?), naked body of the tall, dark and handsome Sculptor.

      Quickly, Bill stepped foreword and dropped to his knees between the
terribly aroused young wife's full, trembling thighs. Eagerly, he crouched over
her heaving, naked body and gripping the soft, rounded flesh of her shoulders in
his big, strong hands, he rested his weight on his forearms and gazed, intently,
at her beautiful, lust contorted face.

      June, in turn, feeling the fire of desire from her abused cunt, spread
through her body and consume her, raised her dimpled knees and eagerly wrapped
her shapely legs around his waist. Running her fingers down over her rider's
sinewy, muscular back and around his lean flanks, she gripped his hard, round
buttocks in her hands and tried to pull his prick towards her throbbing groin.

      "Please! Please, Mr Pain." She begged, burning with shame. "My cunt is
itching so. I must have it! I must! Ooooh! Fuck me! Fuck me! Fuck me, please."

      "Just one moment, Mrs Bending." Bill leered down at the sweating young
housewife. "Let my wife put my knob into your crack and I'll fuck you like
you've never been fucked before."

      At that moment, the two older women were both crouched down behind the
Sculptor's rearing arse.

      "My God! Look at that!"  Exclaimed Celia, gazing in delight at the buxom
young mother's palpitating twat. "What a delicious cunt she has, to be sure.
Those fat, white cuntlips, welted with angry blue stripes and  split by that
beautiful rosy red gash. And look how the inner-lips are all swollen and hanging
out of the crack. Oooooo! Look at all that lovely, rich, creamy cuntjuice that's
gushing from her. What a sight."

      "Oooooo! Yes!" Agreed Dolly, eyeing the girl's fat, bruised twat, with
glee. "I do believe it's winking at us. Ooooo! And look at her big clit. I think
it's about to burst."

      And, giggling like schoolgirls, the women set to work between the thin
legs of the sculptor.

      "Here, Dolly." The Authoress instructed. "You get hold of her cunt's inner
lips and pull her crack open wide. That's it. Now, don't be afraid, really
stretch her open."

      Giggling, the brunette gripped the blonde's swollen cuntlips in her
fingers and stretched them wide, causing the girl's crack to gape open.

      "NAAAAAAAAAAAARH!" June Groaned.

      "Take no notice." Laughed the redhead. "She's going to be stretched open a
lot more than that, in a few moments. Now, hold her open, like that, while I fit
Bills knob into her hole."

      Taking hold of the column of her Husband's huge cock, Celia pulled the
shaft down and carefully placed the tip of its swollen gland into the girl's
gaping gash.

      Dolly watched, avidly, as her friend firmly pressed the pulsing plum down
into June's sopping wet crack. The young mother gasped when she felt the hot
knob press against her sensitive flesh and the two older women giggled
spitefully, as they saw her abused and swollen cuntlips, well out and stretch
open around the dome of the turgid tip. As Bill slowly thrust foreword with his
hips and began to force his congested warhead inwards, Dolly released the girl's
inner lips, which quickly disappeared, along with the rest of her wet inner
flesh, as her fat, bald, slippery outerlips, bulged out, alarmingly, around the
big, burnished knob.

      "Nooooooooooo!" Screamed the sweating blonde, trying to push the tall
Sculptor away. "Oh, no! No! It's too big!"

      "Do you think she can take it, Ceel?" Dolly, excitedly asked the bright
eyed redhead.

      "Of course she can." Laughed Celia. "She managed to get two babes down it,
didn't she?"

      Slapping her Husband's straining buttocks, hard, with her hand, she
shouted. "Come on, Bill. Ram it right up her!"

      Bill, redoubling his efforts, thrust foreword, even harder.

      "AAAAAAAAAAAGH! Oh, God! Oh, God!" June shrieked, clasping her hands to
his shoulders and digging her fingernails into his back, until George grabbed
her wrists and pulled her arms to the floor above her head.

      Slowly the bulbous helmet sank from view, engulfed in the stretched lips
of the shrieking blonde's alarmingly expanding cunt.

      "AAAAAAAAAAH! NOOOOOOOO! Ho, God! Stop! Stop! It's killing me!
NAAAAAAAAAGH!" She screamed.

      "Oooooo!" Crooned Dolly, moving her hand to her own flooding gash and
frigging herself, furiously. "Look at her cunt stretching! Fuck! He's really
opening her up!"

      "Well, I told you she'd stretch well, didn't I?" Giggled the freckled
lady, her flashing green eyes eagerly drinking in the sight of the young
blonde's grossly expanded twat. "Look, darling. Its shoulders are going in now.
Her lovetube will be reamed opened to more than three inches inner diameter.
We'll have no trouble fisting her, after this."

        June, shrieking at every thrust, gave a loud groan as Bill stopped and,
readjusting her position, placed her shapely legs over his shoulders. Shuffling
foreword, he pulled the girl's big bruised arse, right up off the floor and
began smoothly pistoning his great shaft, straight down into her well oiled and
elevated cunt.

      "NOOOOOOOO!" The young mother screamed again as the big man resumed her
rape.

      "Go on, Bill. Shaft her harder! Faster!" Squealed Celia to her rutting
Husband.

      To the delight of his audience, Bill increased the strength and speed of
his thrusts and began plunging his mighty prick in and out of the girl's
violently pounded guts. Raping a young woman like June was 'Fucking Bliss", but
he doubled his pleasure when he made an exhibition of her rape for his friend's
lecherous amusement.

     "Do you remember when you first took it, Dolly?" Asked the novelist, with
out taking her eyes from the rape. "My! How you groaned."

      "Fuck, yes!" Replied the brunette, avidly watching the delightful scene
while lewdly masturbating herself. "And, unlike this Slut, I had been well
shafted many times before. But I soon got to love it, as will she."

      Getting to their feet, both ladies gleefully looked down on the girl's
lovely face, which was now creased with pain.

      "Ha, ha!" Laughed Dolly, spitefully. "Look at her wincing. She's feeling
it now."

      "Fuck, yes!" Agreed Celia, glancing from the weeping girl's face to her
pounded cunt. "I bet she thinks she's giving birth again."

      Giggling like wicked schoolgirls and without taking their eyes from the
rape, the naked women each put her arm around the other's shoulders and,
dropping their hands to the other's cunt, they began skilfully fingering each
other. Positioned in the most advantageous way to see both the stretching of
June's cunt and the lecherous and humiliated expressions that crossed, in turn,
her lovely pain contorted face, the two women gloated in delight over the
squealing girl's rape.

      George, now that all the fight had been pounded out of the girl, released
her arms and got to his feet. Taking one of the straight backed chairs from the
wall and, having placed it in a position that gave him a good, close view of the
rape, he sat down and began pumping vigorously on his stiffly, standing prick.

      Bill had by now, forced seven bloated inches of his great prick, deep into
the tight, slippery depths of the screaming, young woman's hot, wet cunt.
Plunging its ridged length, in and out of her belly, at each thrust he forced it
in a little deeper.

       At each deep thrust June gave a loud grunt, as the great length sank
inside her and jolted her soft body down on the carpet.

       "AAAAAAAAGH!" She groaned. "Please, Mr Pain. It's too big. You are
busting my......."

       "Say it!" Snarled Celia. "Busting....what?" 

       "AAAAGH! OOH! Mr Pain! NUUGH!" June grunted at each stroke. "NYAAGH!
NUUGH! Mr Pain! Y...Y...Your...NUUGH!
....Big....NUUGH!..Big...COCK!.....It's...."

      "SAY IT!" Snarled Celia, again."

      "NUUGH! YOU'RE....BUSTING.... MY CUNT!"

      Looking down at the blonde's beautiful face, beaded with sweat, Bill
laughed with delight. His lean, powerful buttocks, plunged violently, up and
down as he relentlessly drove his rigid length deeper and deeper in to her
yielding sex.

      "AH! Mrs Bending." He grinned. "I can feel your lovely cunt clenching
around my prick. I know that you are loving every throbbing inch of it."

      And he flexed his great girth within her and thrust in again.

      "NAAAAAARGH!" Screamed the Junoesque young blonde, as two more inches of
pulsing muscle disappeared into her bulging twat.

      "Oh, Fuck!" Celia squealed, her blazing, green eyes drinking in the
voluptuous sight, as she and her naked girlfriend, fingered each other,
vigorously. "Just look at her cunt stretching around his thick cock!"

      "Oooo, yes!" Cried Dolly, her lips pouting, lecherously. "It won't be long
now! He's only got an inch or two left, to stuff inside."

      And she called. "Go on, Bill! Nearly there!"

      Pausing in his task, the tall Sculptor withdrew his shaft until he could
feel the grip of the girl's cunt clutching, tightly, just below his bloated
knob. 	Watching her lovely face, he took a big breath, then thrust down, hard,
his muscular buttocks, clenching.

      "AAAAAAAAAAARRGH!" Cried out June, in painful satisfaction.

      Bill Pain's great prick was completely engulfed in the buxom blonde's fat
cunt. It's pulsing length clenched tightly inside her hot, wet, expanded sheath,
it's bulbous, swollen knob, throbbing, deep inside her rounded belly and, to his
delight, he could feel her stretched cuntlips clutch, tightly, around it's
massive root.

       "AAAAAAH!" He gasped, as he leered down at her lovely, sweat soaked face.
"There you are, Mrs Bending. You've taken the lot, you greedy Slut. How dose it
feel?"

      And he flexed his great length a few times, expanding its girth inside her
swollen cunt and making the young Mother groan, with each contraction.

      "NAAAAAGH! Oh, God! AAAH! NOooo!" The young woman cried out in alarm.
"Ohhhh! No! AAAGH! Please! No! It's too big! Don't make it jump! Please!"

      "Right, then." Bill laughed. "I'll just try ramming it in and out and see
how you like that." And, pulling back on his hips, he began withdrawing his big
cock.

      "WAAAH!" June gasped and she gripped his shoulders, tightly in her hands,
she felt as though her womb was being drawn out of her distended sex.

      The tall Sculptor withdrew his steaming prick until only it's bulbous knob
remained inside the blonde's swollen cunt. Then, he violently, plunged his
ridged shaft, to the hilt, into her raw, red gash and began, once more, to pound
his pistoning prick in and out of her boiling belly. At every stroke, as the
bloated length sank in then withdrew, each wrinkle along its gnarled and veiny
shaft, drubbed, forcefully against the gasping girl's engorged and enflamed
clitoris and sent flashes of exquisite delight through her ravished body.

      "Oooooooooohh!" She crooned with joy.

      "Look." Giggled Dolly. "She's starting to enjoy it."

      "Yes, the dirty Slut!" Celia laughed, her fingers tweaking the throbbing
nub of her friend's stiff clitty. "She'll soon be screaming for more."

      June was squealing and grunting now, as she felt Bill's great, hot pillar
of muscle plunge, swiftly, in and out of her tender flesh, pistoning smoothly
now, its rapid strokes well lubricated with her thick, abundant cuntcream.

      Without slowing his thrusts, Bill gazed down at the girl's beautiful, lust
contorted face and leered at her with relish.

      "How do you like that, Mrs Bending?" He asked, jabbing her vigorously.
"And that! And that! And that! And that!"

      "YAAAAAAAAGH! AAAAGH! OOOOH! AAAAAAAAGH! UUNG! OOOGH!" The naked young
wife and mother cried out at every lunge                      

      "Do you feel it, Mrs Bending?" The tall man grunted as he thrust. "Do you?
Do you? Do you?"

      "UUNGH! OOOOH! Yes! Yes! AAAAGH! Yes! Yes! YES!"

      "Shall I stop?" He asked. "Shall I? Shall I? Shall I?"

      "EEEEEEEEEAAAAAAGH!" The young woman screamed. "Oh, God! No! No!
NNNNNNNNNOOOOOOOOOH!"

      "Then, tell me!" Bill snarled, still punctuating each phrase with a
vicious, pounding thrust. "Tell me! Tell me! Tell me!"

       "AAAAAAH! FUCK.........ME!" The writhing blonde screamed, bucking her
swollen cunt up to meet his every lunge. "FUCK ME! FUCK ME! FUCK ME! FUCK
MEEEEEEE!"

      "AAGH! LIKE THIS?" He laughed down at her. "AND THIS! AND THIS! AND THIS!
AND THIS!"

      Furiously, the tall sculptor pumped his turgid, bloated shaft, down into
June's bouncing belly, reaming her cunt and forcing great spurts of hot
cuntcream out of her crack, to splash over his swinging balls.

      "OH, GOD! YES! YESSSS!" The blonde yelled, joyfully, as the huge, slippery
cock, pistonned, powerfully, in and out of her blood engorged cunt. "YES! YES!
FUCK HARDER! FUCK HARDER! FUCK HARDER!"

      As the handsome couple on the floor fucked, vigorously before them,
George, Dolly and the vivacious Celia, masturbated excitedly, as they gazed with
delight at the lewd exhibition, performed so shamefully, for their
entertainment.

      "Gee Zus!" Grinned George, his fist flying up and down the swollen column
of his cock. "Look at that, Slut, fuck!"

      "Fuck, yes!" His depraved Mistress agreed, gloating over their arouse
victim's eager participation in the lascivious act. "See how she grips him and
pulls on his arse, at every thrust."

      "God! She's loving it!" Their Hostess laughed with cruel glee. "See how
she thrusts her cunt foreword to meet his every lunge! Look at her fat arse,
bouncing! She bucks well under him! Go on Bill, darling! Fuck her! Faster!
Harder! Harder!"

      The big boned Sculptor, snorting and grunting with every thrust, moved his
big hands down over his mount's hot, heaving, sweat soaked sides, down around
the soft swell of her writhing hips and around under the heavy, rounded globes
of her big arse. Gripping one fleshy buttock in each hand, he delighted in the
way both meaty cheeks, juddered and shook, each time he embedded his stiff
shaft, to the hilt, in her cunt.

      "UUGH! UUGH! UUGH! UUGH!" The buxom young Wife grunted at each thrust.
Bill had now lifted her bucking bum, right up off the floor and, squatting over
her, had gripped her hips with his bent legs, while bracing himself on his toes.
As he raised his muscular trunk, upright, June stiffened her shapely legs and,
straitening them out, raised them right up, so that her pretty feet pointed to
the ceiling. The exquisite sensations that flashed through her beautiful body
from her deliciously, violated cunt, made her flex her pretty toes, with
delight.

      "UGH! AAAAAAGH! Ooooooooh! Yes! Oh, Mr Pain! Yes! Yes!" June yelled, her
lovely mouth twisting into a lecherous pout. "I'M GOING TO CUM! Oooooooooh! YES!
YES! Faster! FASTER!"

      Gripping the distraught girl's big arse, tightly in his hands, the
powerful Sculptor reared up and lifted her right off the floor. In that shameful
and amusing position, with June clinging on to him, franticly, Bill Pain began
pounding his great prick, furiously, in and out of the ecstatic girl's spasming
cunt.

      "Yes! Yes! Yes! Oh! Mr Pain! AAAAAAH! FUCK ME! FUCK ME!" Shrieked the
hysterical blonde in frenzied delight. "OOOOH! YES! FASTER! AAAAAAAGH! FASTER!
FASTER! YES! YES! YES! OHHH! AAAAAAGH! I'M CUMMING! I'M CUMMINNNGGG! AAAGH! AGH!
EEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAARRRGGGHH!"

      Feeling the stretched lips of the shrieking girl's spasming cunt,
clutching and clenching on his long, pulsing shaft, the tall man lifted his
handsome head and bellowed, loudly.

      "AAAAAAAAAAGH! I'M CUMMING, MRS BENDING!" He shouted at the top of his
voice. "AAAGH! AAAAAGH! MY....SPUNK..... SHOOTING! AAAGH! TAKE...IT!
TAKE....IT....ALL! AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAGGHH!

      And, feeling as if his swollen, throbbing knob had exploded within her, he
powerfully discharged great jets of thick spunk, deep into June's boiling belly.

      Even though she was wracked in the throes of orgasm, the shrieking blonde
was aware that, along with the violent convulsions of his great cock, she could
plainly feel the hot jets of his spunk as they gushed into her guts, hosing her
innards, flooding her womb and filling her round belly to its limit.

      "AAAAGH! YES! I FEEL IT! I FEEL IT!" She groaned.

      "Look! Look!" Cried Dolly, gleefully.

      And, to the watcher's delight, they saw Bill's excess spunk, spurt,
abundantly, from between the sides of his fat prick and the girl's swollen
cuntlips, at each inward thrust.

      "Good job she's on the pill!" Celia laughed. "He's certainly pumping it
into her!"

      Bill groaned. Ramming his prick in, to the hilt, he held the bucking
girl's convulsing cunt, hard against his groin and allowed her clenching,
squeezing sheath to milk the last hot spurts of cream from his slackening shaft.
Then, his shoulders slumping, he lowered the writhing young woman's head and
shoulders, gently, to the floor.

      June's arms fell loosely to her sides, her eyes rolled back in her lovely
head, her full, red lips hung slackly open and her tongue lolled out from the
side of her mouth. Her spasming twat still milked, convulsively, at his drooping
length, but to no avail.

      SHE HAD SUCKED HIM DRY!

     But the young Wife and Mother was not allowed to rest. As Bill toppled over
backwards and the fat, soft length of his big cock, pulled, with a loud slurping
'plop', out of her enflamed cuntcrack, so the two older women jumped to their
feet.

      "Come on, George," Celia cried, the flaming red hairs on her bulging pubic
mound, wet with her gushing cuntjuice, "Get her onto the table. We want to see
how her cunt is looking, after a fuck like that one"

      Quickly, George, his turgid prick standing out at right angles before him,
lifted the moaning young woman up from the carpet and laid her, gently, across
the cool tabletop.

      Pulling her plump buttocks to the edge, the redhead and the brunette, soon
had the girl's full, white thighs spread wide, while they gazed, avidly, at her
abused quim.

      "Well, it looks fine, considering what a good stretching it's just had."
Celia chuckled. "There's such a lovely elasticity to her flesh. I'm sure she'll
be able to take all that we can give her."

      "Well, we'll soon find out, anyway." Laughed Dolly.

      And the two women giggled like cruel schoolgirls.

      "Fuck! Look how swollen her cuntlips are!" Exclaimed Dolly. "And her big
tickler is still as stiff as a bullet."

      "Hmm." Smiled the Authoress, her green eyes shining. "Get hold of its
lips, Dolly. Pull the crack open wide. Let's have a good look inside."

      The older woman took June's fat cuntlips between her fingers and thumbs
and pulled the swollen flesh apart. The raw red gash opened up and the brunette
squealed with delight, for the gaping depths of the girl's cunt was filled with
thick, rich creamy spunk.

      "Oh, lovely!" Laughed Celia, and leaning foreword, the lecherous lady
began licking at the girl's turgid, bloated clitoris, with the tip of her
tongue.   

       "Oh, oh! She likes that, alright!" Chuckled Dolly. "See how she's moving
that big bum of hers? Look at it bounce!"

       Celia pulled back her lovely head from the gasping, blonde's crack and
straightened up. Lifting the girl to a sitting position, she called to the
pot-bellied businessman who was standing to one side, watching them.

      "Sit back down on your chair, George." She leered at him. "Mrs Bending is
going to fuck you." 

      Eagerly, George sat down on the hard, high-backed chair and leaned back,
legs out stretched, his stiff, throbbing prick standing straight up from his
hairy groin.

      Helping June down off the table, the two older women lead her to the fat
man's side. The buxom girl looked down, excitedly, at his club-like cock and
licked her full, red lips, lustfully. Although not as big as Bill Pain's, it was
still a good thick nine-incher and it made her mouth water to see it throb so
strongly.

      "Right, Mrs Bending." Laughed Celia, gleefully. "Mount up. You're going
for a gallop."

      As the Junoesque blonde's flushed, naked body moved close to him, George
lifted his large hands and gripping the mellonous globes of her breasts, he
pulled her over him.

      She, placing her hands on his shoulders to support herself, lifted her
shapely leg over his knees and, with a foot firmly on the floor on each side of
the chair; she straddled her full, white thighs over his lap.

      George leered at her, lasciviously, as his big, powerful hands kneaded and
squeezed the big, fleshy globes of her tits, the balls of his thumbs rubbing
over the thick, rubbery stalks of her big nipples and making the sensitive,
swollen teats stick out like walnuts.

      Her smouldering blue eyes gazed at him from under heavy half closed lids
and when he mouthed her for a kiss she responded, passionately, covering his
open, sensual lips with her own and eagerly thrusting her tongue into his
sucking mouth.

      The two other women squatted down between George's out-flung legs and
Dolly gripped the pulsing base of his stiffly standing cock and held it upright.

      "Come on, Mrs Bending." Celia grinned, giving the younger woman a stinging
slap on her fat arse. "Sit on Mr Cain's big knob."

      June lifted herself up on her toes and moved her cunt foreword until it
was poised just above the bloated red, plum-like helmet of George's prick.

      Celia, placing her hands on the blonde's big, rounded bum, pulled apart
the plump, bruised arsecheeks and, spreading open her fat cuntlips, with her
thumbs, she carefully lowered the girl onto the throbbing head of George's
rigid, waiting cock.

      As the hot, wet, pulpy flesh of June's fat, bald twat engulfed his
engorged knob, the thickset man sucked in his breath through his teeth and
twisted his sensual lips into a lecherous pout.

      "Fuck! That feels delicious!" He grunted, with a leer. "Now sit down on
it, Mrs Bending."

      Lowering her heels back to the floor and bending her knees, the buxom
young wife sat down on top of the man's sturdy prick and settled her full weight
upon it.

     As June slowly impaled herself on George's upright shaft, the two women
behind her sat back on their heels and watched, happily, as the girl's oily,
swollen cuntlips greedily engulfed the fat, gnarled and knotted column of the
man's prick.

      "Ooooo! Look, Dolly." Celia crooned, her lovely face contorted with lust.
"Look how her fat cunt bulges out around the shaft as she slides down over it."

      Dolly, nodding enthusiastically, called up to her lover.

      "Are you enjoying this, George?" She laughed.

      "Fuck, yes!" George groaned. "Her cunt's so hot and wet! I think she's
boiling my 'Rajah' in there!"

      Very soon, June felt the thick base of George's cock, pulsing between the
soft, plump lips of her twat and her big turgid clitoris rubbing against his
wiry pubic hair. He was embedded to the hilt."

      "Well, you are in to your bollocks, George!" Laughed Dolly, as she and
Celia jumped to their feet.

      "Yes!" Celia agreed, giggling. "You'd better get a good grip on her, love.
She'll be bouncing on you like hell in a moment."

      Moving to the table, the beautiful redhead looked, critically over the
assortment of implements she had placed there. After careful consideration, she
chose a long, whippy cane, which she carried back to where June sat impaled on
George's stiff cock.

      "Look, Mrs Bending." The Authoress smiled, cruelly. "Meet my 'Stinger'.
I'm sure it will make you bounce, prettily, on Mr Cane's big prick."

      And she swished the cane through the air a few times, as if to get the
swing of the strokes.

      "Now, this is what we are going to do, Mrs Bending." Celia giggled,
spitefully, at the apprehensive young woman. "I want you to start fucking Mr
Cane on that chair. And I want you to keep bouncing your big bum as fast as you
can, because I'm going to be thrashing your fat arse as you are fucking him. And
the sooner you make him spunk, the sooner I'll stop caning your arse.
Understand?"

      "Yes, Mrs Pain." June nodded, submissively. Tears welling up in her eyes
as she looked at the wicked cane.       

       The girl caught her trembling lower lip in her teeth. She felt so
strange. Her body seamed to burn and prickle all over. She'd never been so
aroused in her life and, dear God, she was loving it! Even the shame and
humiliation! Oh, Christ! Even the pain!

      She felt George squeezing and twisting her big, soft breasts and felt the
thick shaft that impaled her jump and flex in her belly. Pressing her madly
itching cuntcrack down, hard on the cock's root, she ground her engorged
tickler, impatiently, against the fat man's wiry pubic hair.

      "Just look at her!" Sneered Dolly. "See how she wriggles! She can hardly
wait."

      Bill Pain, having picked himself up from the floor, moved in behind the
giggling brunette and enfolded her in his arms. Cupping her big tits in his
hands, he rubbed the huge, fat shaft of his already stiffening prick between the
plump, round cheeks of her arse.

       "Go on, Ceel!" he urged his lovely wife. "Start the fuck before George's
bollocks explode!"

      "Right. Come on then, Mrs Bending." The redhead laughed, raising the
vicious cane, high above her head. "You can start fucking........NOW!"

       And she brought the cane down, hard, across the fleshy cheeks of the
blonde's fat arse.

      Swissssssshhh. CRACK!

      Went the cane.

      "EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAH!" June shrieked. She felt as if a red-hot iron
had been pressed against her big, round buttocks.

      The cruel stroke lifted her right up on her toes, straightened her legs
and drew her swollen cunt up the knotty column of George's prick to the knob.
From where she slumped back down along the gnarled and greasy shaft, until her
cuntlips, mashed again, against his balls.

      "AAAAAAGH! That's fucking lovely!" George shouted, a smile of joy on his
red, sweaty face.

      "What's the matter, love?" Grinned Celia, her eyes bright with lust.

      "When you whip her arse with that, Ceel." The big man cried. "I feel her
cunt contracting around my cock. It's fucking delicious."

      "Well, I'm happy for you, darling." The lovely authoress smiled. "But try
not to cum too quickly, won't you. I want to give her big bum a real good
roasting before you are finished. Get a good, tight, grip of those udders of
her's, George! Her we go!"

      "Oh, no! No! Pleeeease!" Squealed the writhing blonde.

      But the laughing redhead raised her arm high and brought the cane whipping
down across the centre of the straddled girl's bruised and quivering buttocks,
so that it bit, cruelly, into the soft flesh of both full, rounded arse-cheeks,
simultaneously. 

      CRACK!

      "NEEEEEEAAAAGH!" Came June's anguished cry as, throwing back her lovely
head, she again leapt to her toes and drew her clenching cunt up along the
knotted, throbbing length of George's prick and then, thrusting down with her
arse, once more impaled herself to the hilt.

      CRACK!

      "OOOOHHHH!"

      Again the cane flashed down and again the shrieking girl rode, up and
down, on the rutting business man's fat cock. She was crying loudly now and once
more tears were running down her flushed cheeks. But this only added to the fat
man's lecherous enjoyment and to the cruel amusement of the watching couple and
the woman who held the cane.

      CRACK! CRACK! CRACK! CRACK! CRACK! CRACK!

      "EEEEEEEAAAAH! AAAAAAAAGH! OOOOHH! NNNAAAAH! EEEEEEAAAAGH!

      The terribly aroused young mother, sobbing and weeping, cried out in
anguish at each stroke of the 'Stinger' and her big, burning bum rode up and
down at an ever increasing speed until, with her welted buttocks bouncing madly,
she fucked the groaning George in time with the strokes.

      "Oooooo! Look at her fucking him!" Dolly laughed as she writhed in Bill's
arms. "Look at her fat arse moving! Go on, Ceel! Thrash it harder! Faster!
Faster!"

      CRACK! CRACK! CRACK!

      Went the cruel cane.

      "EEEEEEAAAAH! NAAARH! NOOOOOO!"

      Yelled the bounding young fuckstress, her big, burning arse, bouncing up
and down on the sweating fat man's throbbing cock, at a maddening pace, as the
speed of the cane's cuts, quickened.

      "AAAAAGGH!" George groaned, as his large hands crushed and mangled the
shrieking blonde's big udders and his pulsing prick stabbed upwards into the
hot, slippery depths of the girl's boiling cunt. "I can't hold it any longer!
I'm going to cum!"

      Laughing triumphantly, the sweating, naked, redhead rained cuts down
across the rounded, jutting globes of the bucking blonde's bouncing buttocks.

      "Go on then, George!" She yelled. "Shoot it up her! Fill her belly with
spunk!"

      Under this onslaught, June threw back her lovely head and groaned.

      "Oh, God!" She cried. "No! No! I'm going to cummm! I'M GOING TO CUMMMMM!
NNAAAAAH! I'M CUMMMMMIIIINNNNG! OOOOOOOAAAAH! YES! YES! YEEESSSSSSS!"

      Feeling the terribly aroused young housewife's spasming cunt, clench and
milk the throbbing column of his cock, George gave a loud shout and forcefully
discharged a great jet of thick, boiling spunk into her churning guts.

      "NAAAGH!" He bellowed, through clenched teeth. "FUCK! I'M CUMMING!
CUMINNNNNNNG!"

      For some hectic minuets the big room was filled with the sounds of shrieks
and groans, the swish of the cane and its CRACK against soft, burning flesh, the
slurpy wet squelch of fucking and the slap, slap of sweating flesh against
sweating flesh.

      Dolly and Bill watched with wide eyed glee, as they groped each other,
lewdly.

      At last, George, his legs thrust, stiffly out before him, gave a loud gasp
and, with his head falling back over the chair, his body sprawled loosely in his
seat.

      June, feeling her spasming cunt suck the last hot spurts of thick spunk
from the big man's pulsing prick, fell foreword and collapsed, limply, over his
heavy, thickly haired chest and pot-belly. But she was not allowed to rest for
long.

      Celia, breathing heavily, threw down the 'stinger' with the rest of her
implements and called to her dark haired friend.

      "Quickly, Dolly." She cried. "Help me get the Slut back up on the table."

      Within seconds, the two older women had pulled the shapely blonde off the
hairy fat man's drooping cock and, once more, laid her on her back on the table,
her legs in the air and her plump, hot buttocks jutting out over the edge.

      Swiftly, Dolly took hold of the sobbing girl's swollen, inner cuntlips
with her fingers and pulled her enflamed crack open wide.

      "Oh! Fucking hell!" The brunette cried with glee. "Celia! Look at that!"

      "How lovely!" Leered the redhead, gazing with delight into the boiling red
depths of the girl's belly. "So much rich spunk! What a feast!"

      "Oooooh! Celia!" Squealed Dolly, her eyes bright. "Can I have it? Can I
suck it out of her? Pleeeeease?"

      "Not this time, Dolly." The Authoress giggled, cruelly. "I've just had a
lovely idea."

      And with a grin, she turned to her Husband.

      "Bill, Pet." She asked with a coaxing pout. "Be a Sweetie and bring me a
few things, will you? I need the Speculum, a silver dessertspoon and a large
Brandy glass."

      "Certainly, darling." The tall Sculptor answered and turning to George,
who was just pulling himself, shakily to his feet, he called. "You get the glass
and spoon, old boy. The cutlery is in that draw, there and you'll find the end
cupboard is a drinks cabinet. Large Brandy glasses at the back."

      So saying, he hurried from the room, to return, moments later, carrying a
shining chrome Speculum. Moving quickly back to the group at the table, he saw
that George had already supplied his wife with the other two implements, which
were now being held by Dolly.

      "Here you are, Ceel." The tall man grinned as he handed his Wife the
gleaming instrument. "Watch it! It's bloody cold."

      "It'll soon warm up." The lovely redhead chuckled. "Now, you and George
hold her legs wide open, so that Dolly and I can get at her."

      The men each took hold of one of the sobbing blonde's shapely legs and,
pushing her back onto her elbows, they rudely forced apart her full, white
thighs.

      "That's it! Get them open!" The Authoress laughed as she saw June's big,
tearful blue eyes watch her, apprehensively, from over the wobbling globes of
her bruised breasts. "Push her knees back to her breasts and lift her feet up in
the air. Yes. That's just lovely."

      Having contemplated the girl's lewd position for some moments, the redhead
lifted the speculum so that the young blonde, propped up, as she was, on her
elbows, could clearly see it.

      "Do you know what this is, Mrs Bending?" She asked and, seeing recognition
flash in the girl's tearful eyes, she chuckled, cruelly. "Of course  you do.
Having born two children, you must have had one of these stuck up you on a
number of occasions. So just hold still while I slip it in."

      Bending foreword over the sobbing young Wife, Celia slid the cold, metal
tongues between her swollen cuntlips and deep into her raw, red crack. When it
was pushed, fully home, the redhead quickly began turning the little butterfly
nut. This immediately began expanding the instrument and opening out the
groaning blonde's cunt until her innards and womb were fully exposed to their
evil gaze.

      "What a sight!" laughed Dolly, ogglig the red depths of the young woman's
spunk filled belly. "You boys certainly filled her up."

      "It was a please, I assure you." George grinned.

      "Mind you, there's a lot of cuntcream in there too." Celia added, looking
intently into the blonde's gaping twat. "That thick, white, jellylike stuff, is
spunk, but all that milky cream is her own fuckjuice. The dirty bitch!"

      The beautiful novelist took the glass and spoon from Dolly and, holding
the rim of the Brandy glass pressed firmly between the spread open cheeks of
June's rounded bum, she pushed the big, silver spoon deep into the sobbing
girl's gaping cunt and began, carefully, scraping out all the creamy love
liquor.

      The redhead worked quickly and skilfully and the rich, creamy juices,
oozed out of the blushing blonde's widespread sex, flowed thickly down between
her plump arsecheeks and into the waiting Brandy glass.

      After a few minuets, Celia straitened up and held up the glass for them
all to see. The clear crystal globe was filled to a good third of its measure.

      "You know Dolly" Said Celia, as they all admired the glass's contents. "I
think we girls should spurt a dose of our 'custard' into the glass, as well. Not
only will it add to the flavour, but it will add to the quantity of the
cocktail, too."

      Removing the Speculum from June's cunt, the redhead directed the men to
lift the naked girl to the floor and, quickly, Dolly had taken the younger
woman's place on the table.

      "Now, Mrs Bending." Celia smiled, sweetly. "Let's see how quickly that
pretty mouth of yours can make Miss Stern spurt her 'custard'. I know you have
sucked her off before, so don't pretend to be shy. On your knees, now and start
licking her clit."

      Dropping to her knees before the older woman's cunt, the blushing, tearful
young blonde spread the fat bald lips of the brunette's twat with her fingers
and started to lick at her stiffly swollen clitty with her soft, warm, wet
tongue.

      "AAAAAH! Ooooooh!" Dolly squealed, as the girl's hot tongue flicked around
her throbbing tickler. "She really is getting good at this, Ceel." She gasped.

       And the lovely matron began flexing her plump, bare buttocks and jerking
her fat, bald cunt into the young woman's sweet, soft mouth.

      "She can personally show me how good she is, just as soon as she makes you
cum." Answered Celia, as she pressed the Brandy glass between Dolly's plump,
round arsecheeks. "So, hurry up and spurt your cunt custard into this glass."

      "Oooo! Yes! Oh! I won't be long, now! AAAAAAH!" Gasped the writhing lady,
pulling the blonde's head, hard, against her groin. "I can feel it starting,
already!" 

      "That's it!" Giggled the redhead, watching her friend's cunt, wink and
pout, under the girl's skilful tonguing. "You are nearly there, Dolly! Just
think about........You know! What we are going to do to her, later!"

      Dolly had been biting at her lower lip, but on hearing Celia's leering
words, her lovely mouth twisted into a lustful pout.

      "AAAAAAGH! FUCK! YES! YES!" Shouted the highly aroused brunette, raising
her shapely legs in the air. "AAAGH! YES! WE'LL MAKE HER YELL! WE'LL MAKE HER
MOVE THAT BIG ARSE OF HERS! AAAAH! YES! I'M GOING TO CUM! AAAAAGH! I'M CUMMING!
CUMMMMMIIINNNGGGGG! OOOOOOAAAHH!"

      "That's it, Dolly! That's the way!" Celia laughed, as she pushed the
blonde's head away and carefully caught the fruits of the squealing brunette's
gushing climax in the glass. "Oooooooh! You're doing such a lot, Dolly! You're
spurting it straight into the glass, you clever girl, you!"

      With one last cry, Dolly's legs slumped back down and dangled over the
edge of the table.

      June, her lovely face wet with cuntjuice, sat back on her heels and
watched with apprehension as the Authoress held up the glass and inspected it
with glee.

      "My God!" The redhead cried. "It's nearly half full! Good work, Dolly."

      Dolly got down from the table on shaky legs and grinned weakly, at her
friend. Celia passed the older woman the glass.

      "My turn now, Dolly." Said the beautiful redhead, leering down at the
highly flushed blonde, kneeling submissively at her feet. "You milk my cunt,
darling. While pretty Mrs Bending here, sucks me off."

      Stepping close to the girl, she thrust her flame red mot at the young
woman's lovely shame flushed face and gripped her corn blonde hair with her left
hand.

      "I'm ready, Mrs Bending." She leered'

      Lower than her flame red pubic bush, Celia's fat, peach-like cunt bulged
out, as smooth and bald as Dolly's and the big, blue, tearful eyes of the young
housewife, fixed on it in awed fascination.

      "Like it?" The redhead asked the kneeling young woman, as she looked down
at the pretty, flushed face.

      The girl blushed with shame and her nostrils flared and the leering
Authoress knew that the hot, clean smell of her flooding sex was wafting through
the trembling young woman's excited senses.

      Celia moved her right hand to her throbbing quim and with her fingers,
spread open her plump cuntlips and exposed to the girl's gaze, the fat, swollen
stalk of her own amazing clitoris.

      June's eyes widened in awed surprise at the sight of the redhead's
tickler. She had always been very embarrassed that her own clitty was so
exceptionally large. Dolly's, she had been told, was thought to be big, but it
was little more than half the size of hers. The tickler she was gazing at now
was as long as Dolly's, but it was much thicker. Just like a big, fat, red
cherry, she thought.

      Looking up at the woman's beautiful face, she saw the redhead blow her a
kiss and wiggle her tongue at her, obscenely.

      "Come on, Mrs Bending." Celia leered down at her, while pulling the girl's
blushing face towards her sopping crack. "And if you don't make me cum in two
minutes, you'll go to the stake."

     Thrusting her arms between the older woman's full, white thighs and,
gripping her soft, round buttocks in her hands, June drew the redhead's bloated
clit into her soft, hot mouth and began sucking at it, greedily. 

      "AAAAAGH! Yes! Lovely!" Celia screamed and, gripping the young Mother's
corn blonde hair in both hands, she began vigorously, fucking the girl's lovely
face.

      "UNGH! UNGH! UNGH! UNGH!" The redhead grunted, as she humped her cunt at
the girl's sweet mouth.

      Giggling, Dolly dropped to her knees behind the writhing novelist and,
looking under her lady-friend's rhythmically clenching arsecheeks, which were
gripped so tightly in the hands of the greedily sucking blonde, the brunette's
dark eyes fell on Celia's gaping cuntlips and her pouting Anus.

      "Go on, Ceel!" Dolly urged the randy redhead as the grunting lady worked
her bloated clitty, hard, against the girl's lapping tongue. "Give it to her!
I'll catch your custard when it spurts."

      And she pressed the rim of the brandy glass up against the humping woman's
fat, pink cuntlips.

      "UNGH! UNGH! NGHHHH! OHHHH! It's cumming! IT'S CUMMING!" Celia grunted as,
looking down at June's red, flushed face, she fucked harder at the young woman's
franticly sucking mouth. "AAAGH! So pretty! Ooooh! Suck! SUCK! SUCK! NGGHHHH!
I'M CUMMING! I'M CUMMMMMIIINNNNNGGG!"

      Watching, intently, under Celia's juddering buttocks, Dolly saw the
groaning, standing redhead, pull June's sweating face towards her convulsing
cunt and mash her swollen tickler into the girl's sweet mouth. Holding the
Brandy glass firmly in place with her left hand, the dark haired woman gave a
grin and, stiffening two fingers on her right hand, she thrust them deep, up the
climaxing woman's twitching, pouting arsehole.          

      Celia's shrieks of delight, rose in pitch and while the rubbery ring of
her anus clenched, spasmodically, around Dolly's last knuckles, the dark haired
woman skilfully caught the thick spurts of creamy nectar that gushed from her
crack, inside the well filled Brandy glass.

      After a few moments, the gasping Authoress's shoulders slumped and her
sweat soaked body relaxed. Holding June's head between her hands, she pushed the
blonde's greedy mouth away from her wet and pouting quim and gazed down at the
girl's pretty, flushed face.

      The naked young wife rolled her big, blue eyes, upwards and gazed, shyly
back at the panting redhead. Her chin, cheeks and mouth, thickly coated with the
older woman's clear cuntjuice, she slowly put out her soft, pink tongue and
sensually licked her full red lips.

      Smiling cruelly, Celia placed her bare foot between the girl's big breasts
and pushed her to the floor, so she sprawled on her back on the carpet.

      "You know, Dolly, I do think she's acquiring a taste for it." Their
voluptuous Hostess laughed, as she watched the shapely young Wife and Mother,
raise herself to her knees and wait, submissively for her next  command.

      "Well, I hope she is, if this lot's intended for her!" Bill Pain laughed
back at his Wife as, with George and Dolly, he inspected the contents of the
Brandy glass.

      "How are we doing there, Dolly?" The redhead grinned.

      "More than half full." Leered the gleeful brunette, as she held the
crystal globe up so her friend could see it.

      "Well, we'll have a lot more before long." Celia giggled. "Be a sweetie
and pop it in the fridge in the kitchen, will you? I've laid out a meal in the
next room. We'll eat know, to get our strength back, I think. This way."

      Helping June to her feet, Celia put her arm around the naked girl and,
while leading her before the others into the dining room, placing her hand on
her fat arse, she wormed her middle finger between the blonde's round buttocks
and probed her puckered bumhole. Feeling the rubbery ring of the girl's anus,
twitch and nip at her fingertip, the lovely libertine thrust her stiffened
finger right up June's arse. The force of the thrust, lifted the squealing
blonde right up on to her toes and, keeping her up on her toes, the chuckling
redhead walked the blushing young woman through the door.

      "Fucking hell!" Exclaimed George, his smouldering eyes following the
mincing, squirming walk of the bare assed girl ahead of him. "Celia is certainly
making the Slut wriggle."

      "God, yes!" Agreed Bill, his eyes too, on the blonde's big, squirming
buttocks. "What an arse she has! I just can't get over it!"

      "Well, don't worry about that, boys." Dolly laughed, as she walked behind
them, carrying the glass in her hand. "I know Celia intends that you'll both get
'over her arse' before the day is out."

      And laughing, gleefully, they followed Celia and her victim, out of the
room.




A Friend in Need.

Chapter 10.



      The room were they were to dine, though not as big as the first room, was
quite large and as filled with bright sunlight as the first. Here, too, large
windows had been set into the old walls, making it light and airy. The tiled
flooring seemed refreshingly cool to their bare feet, as the naked group moved
to the circular table, surrounded by upright wooden chairs that stood, fully
laid, in the centre of the room.

      As Dolly went into the fitted kitchen, that adjoined the room on the far
side, their Hostess explained the seating arrangements.

      "You are here, George." The redhead smiled, the middle finger of her left
hand still stirring the wriggling blonde's bowels. "And then Dolly to your left
and then Bill by there. I'll sit here, next to Bill and our Guest of Dishonour,
will sit here, between me and George.

      The men sat in their designated seats and Dolly, hurrying back from the
kitchen, soon joined them and sat between the men, her plump bum hitting the
polished wooden seat with a loud 'splat'.

      "Oh! Fuck! It's cold!" She squealed.

      Laughing, the seated trio turned their full attention onto the two
standing women.

      Turning to her fidgeting young guest, who was still forced to stand up on
her toes, Celia smiled slyly and, raising her right hand to the blonde's big,
melonous breasts, she began fondling the girl, lewdly. Having weighed each heavy
globe in the palm of her free hand, the lecherous lady proceeded to squeeze,
stretch and roll the young Mother's big, rubbery nipples, between her finger and
thumb, until the sensitive stalks stiffened and stood out like walnuts.

      "Why don't you sit down, Mrs Bending?" The Authoress smiled sweetly, at
the flushed faced girl. "Oh! I quite forgot! You can't sit down with my finger
up your bum, can you?"

      And, carefully watching the younger woman's reactions, she slowly pulled
her stiffened finger out of the girl's tight arsehole, with an audible 'plop'.

      As June lowered her heels to the floor, Celia lifted her left hand to the
blonde's  pretty face and held her slimy finger, just under the girl's cute,
little nose.

      The girl blushed scarlet.

      "Nice?" Celia asked, with a leer.

      Sickened, June turned her face away from the smelly, brown coated digit.

      Swiftly, Celia gripped the shapely blonde's big, swollen left nipple,
between her right hand's finger and thumb and squeezed very hard, until the girl
screamed out with pain.

      "Don't you ever turn your face away from me, you adulterous Slut!" The
redhead hissed angrily, her green eyes blazing at the crying young housewife.
"Any more resistance to my will.....! The slightest resistance! You'll go
straight to the stake! Do you hear me?"

      And she twisted the girl's turgid nipple until June, crying bitterly,
nodded her head, franticly.

      "Well, just see that you remember!" The Authoress snapped, as she released
the girl's nipple and watched with amusement as the swollen teat began to turn a
dark blue. "I'll let you off, this time; on condition you suck my finger clean.
Okay?"

      So saying, the freckled beauty thrust her brown stained finger into the
weeping blonde's sweet mouth.

      June gave a gurgling cry of protest and disgust, but the redhead held her
firmly in place.

      "Don't you dare move!" The older woman warned, as she wriggled her soiled
finger around the young Wife's warm, wet tongue. "That's right! Now, suck
nicely."

      Her plump round shoulders slumping with dejection, the buxom, tearful
blonde began sucking, submissively, on the freckled woman's finger.

      After a few minuets, Celia pulled her hand from the girl's mouth.

      "There, that wasn't so bad, was it, Mrs Bending?" The Authoress chuckled,
inspecting her now clean finger. "Now, you sit down here, between Mr Cane and me
and I'll look after you, while we eat."

      The two naked women sat down, their plump bare arses making the same loud
clapping sound that Dolly's had made when their soft, naked buttocks slapped the
polished wooden seat.

      "Fucking hell!" Exclaimed Bill, laughing as they all sat                     
naked around the table. "What a noise you girls make when you sit down!"

      "Yeh!" Agreed George. "It sounds like the noise Dolly made when she was
slapping Mrs Bending's big bum with the paddle."

      "Oh! Does it, now?" Said Dolly, amid laughter. "Well, Bill Pain, I think
it sounds more like the noise of you and Mrs Bending's belly's slapping together
when you were shafting her earlier."

      "As her friends laughed and joked and the humiliated young Wife sobbed and
blushed with shame, Celia pulled June's chair close to her own and put her left
arm around the girl's smooth, warm shoulders. Then, with her right hand she
placed a dessert dish filled with a chocolate-like paste, before the snivelling
blonde.

      "As you see." Celia addressed her guests. "We have a chilled soup starter.
A sea food salad. Followed by game pie. With an icecream dessert to finish off
the meal. But first.......Mrs Bending is going to eat this."

      "What is it?" June sobbed, eying the dish with suspicion.

      "A little 'something' I made especially for you, my dear." Celia smiled
evilly. "Now don't make a fuss. It's quite nice. It's a little like soft
marzipan, only its chocolate flavoured. Try it."

      The lovely Authoress picked up a big silver spoon and, scooping up a
heaped spoonful of the chocolate paste, she lifted it to the girl's trembling
lips.

      Hesitantly, the weeping blonde opened her mouth and Celia firmly, pushed
the heaped spoonful inside.

      Removing the spoon from the girl's mouth, the redhead sat back and, with
the others around the table, watched with sly interest, as the young woman
savoured the flavour.

      Slowly June rolled the paste around inside her mouth. It was a bit like
marzipan, she thought, but much softer. Its texture, too, was not so smooth. It
was much rougher and, also, a little slimy, but not too bad.

      She swallowed it down.

      "There! I told you so." Celia smiled, as she scooped up another heaped
spoonful and held it to the buxom girl's lips. "Come on, Mrs Bending. Eat up. We
are not going to start the meal until you finish the whole dish."

      So saying, she continued to feed the reluctant young Mother, the strange
dessert, pushing large spoonfuls into the girl's mouth as quickly as she could
swallow them.

      "There! All gone." Celia smiled, sweetly, when the girl had emptied her
plate. "Right. You can all tuck in now. Bill, pour the Champagne."

      As her Husband took the wine out off the ice-bucket, the voluptuous
redhead placed the soiled dish on a dining trolley near her. Then, picking up
her table napkin, she turned back to the sniffing blonde.

      "Now!" Said their Hostess, putting her left arm around June's plump, white
shoulder. "I'll look after Mrs Bending. I'll feed her myself."

      And while the others grinned, she lifted her napkin to the worried
blonde's lusciously full mouth and gently wiped all traces of chocolate cream
from the tearful girl's sensual lips.

      "That's better." The freckled libertine smiled, as her hot glance fell on
the young Mother's great, soft breasts. "Oh! I see you've dribbled some over
these big udders of yours, too."

      And she carefully wiped the cream from the girl's great wobbling tits.

      "AH! Look! They're quite badly bruised." She laughed cruelly and plucked
at the tearful blonde's big, swollen nipples, until the girl squealed in
anguish.

      "Have a good swig of this, Mrs Bending." Said the lustful redhead, holding
a glass of Champagne to the girl's lips.

      June, sobbing quietly, tried to drink without spilling the wine over
herself, but Celia tilted the tall glass too high and the sparkling liquid ran
down over the young Wife's chin and splashed all over her melonous breasts.

      So the meal went on. As the others eagerly tucked into their food, the
lecherous redhead fed both herself and the voluptuous blonde by her side.

      First the chilled soup, which was white and garnished with parsley. It was
delicious on such a hot day.

      "Mmmm! Lovely!" Crooned Dolly, sipping a spoonful. "At first I thought it
was a dish of cold spunk, you were giving us."

      "Oh, no!" Celia chuckled, spooning a mouthful of the cold liquid between
the sniffing girl's lips. "That's a treat I've reserved for Mrs Bending, later."

      June's big, blue eyes fluttered to the woman's lovely face, in alarm, But
she couldn't tell by her sly smile, weather she was joking or not."

      Celia pushed another spoonful into the young woman's mouth, splashing the
chilled soup, like the wine, down over the blonde's naked breasts, until the
big, wobbling gourds were soaked with it and it dripped, enticingly of her big,
swollen nipples.

      After the soup came the Sea Food salad. June realised, with some surprise,
that she was quite hungry, despite the rude way she was being fed. The Sea Food
was beautiful. Even the ugly little Squids heads that Mrs Pain kept filling her
mouth with by the fork full.

      All was washed down with plenty of Champagne and accompanied by the most
gross, lewd and obscene conversation.

      Then came THE OYSTERS! 

      "Mmmm! My favourite food." Sighed George, with pleasure.

      "Well, get them down you, George." Grinned Dolly, roguishly. "They'll keep
you and Bill's pricks standing stiff."

      "They won't do any harm." Laughed the tall Sculptor. "But what keeps my
prick stiff, is watching you and Celia abusing Mrs Bending, here."

      "Quite right, Bill." George agreed, slurping an oyster into his mouth. "If
my prick gets any stiffer, it'll burst. I'd better spunk again soon or I'll be
getting Blue Balls."

      "Oh! George Cane!" Cried Celia, indignantly, as she pushed an oyster into
June's reluctant mouth. "It was less than thirty minutes ago you were spunking
into Mrs Bending's belly! You randy beast!"

      She quaffed her Champagne and held out her glass for Bill to refill.

      "Anyhow, you boys be patient." She said with an evil leer into the pretty
face of the trembling blonde. "I need your pricks as stiff as I can get them.
You'll both be spunking again, soon enough." 

      She popped another oyster into her mouth and, with her lovely face, close
to that of the beautiful young Mother; the redheaded libertine began to chew
with open mouth, grossly exhibiting the mangled mollusc on her tongue.

      Seeing disgust filling the buxom girl's eyes, Celia put out her tongue,
with the slimy remains of the fat, chewed up oyster spread over it and, pulling
the blonde girl's face close to her own, she kissed her full lips, open mouthed,
pushing her tongue and the chewed mollusc, into June's sweet mouth.

      Pulling back her face, the lecherous lady watched the girl's repugnance
with high amusement as, fearful of crossing the menacing woman; she chewed and
swallowed the oyster.

      Delighted at June's submissive reaction, Celia proceeded to feed all of
the girl's oysters to her in this vile manner. Much to the amusement of Dolly
and the men.

      "We can see how well you like them, Mrs Bending." Laughed Bill.

      "Let's see if this heightens the flavour." Squealed Dolly and, pushing
George back in his chair, she gripped his stiff cock and, skinning back his
foreskin, she spread a fat oyster over her lover's big, slimy, red knob. This
done, the lecherous brunette pushed the thick foreskin foreword until both the
bulbous gland and the oyster were fully covered.

      "There, George." The comely, naked matron laughed. "Feed her that one. See
if she likes it."

      While Bill sniggered and the two older women giggled like spiteful
schoolgirls, George pushed back his chair and stood up. Gripping his prick in
his fist like a club, the stout, hairy businessman, stood with his hips thrust
foreword, cock pointing at the red face of the blushing June. After kneading his
bloated shaft in his fist until its clear, pre-fuck fluid dribbled, wetly from
his foreskin, the leering fat man peeled back its long prepuce and skinned his
bulbous knob.

      "Oh! Mrs Bending!" Squealed Celia. "Isn't that lovely?"

      June could scarcely suppress a shudder as she stared at the head of
George's prick. Over the slimy, red helmet was spread the crushed remains of the
big oyster, thickly coated in pre-fuck discharge and he was pointing the mashed
morsel straight at her lovely mouth.  

      "Go on." Laughed the lecherous lady, as she pressed the horrified blonde's
pretty face, down towards the offered tit-bit. "It's all for you. Get your sexy
lips around it and suck!"

      As June's beautiful face neared the mangled mollusc, her full, sensual
lips, curled back in disgust. Just then, Celia again pinched one of the girl's
swollen nipples and, as the young wife cried out in pain, George quickly plunged
his big knob into her open mouth.

      "AH! YES! SUCK IT!" The fat man snarled, as the buxom young woman's hot,
wet mouth, closed around the top of his obscenely garnished cock.

      "That's the way, Mrs Bending." Dolly laughingly urged the gagging girl.
"Suck it all down. I want to see that you have cleaned his helmet quite
thoroughly."

      The men and women watched and laughed with delight, as the fearful young
blonde sucked and gulped down her prize, while hot tears ran down her blushing
cheeks.

      "Is that it?" Dolly asked, as the working of the girl's mouth and throat
became less animated. "Did you get it all? Don't forget to stick your tongue
under his foreskin and lick around the ridge of his plum. You clean it right
out, now!"

      June's lush mouth worked around George's turgid knob for some moments
longer.

      "Let's have a look." Grinned Celia, pulling the young housewife's head
back by her hair.

      "Lovely! Clean as a whistle!" The redhead laughed. "I think you are really
beginning to like these oysters, Mrs Bending."

      As George walked back to his chair and sat down, Celia smiled at Dolly.

      "I know!" The redhead leered at the eager brunette. "Let's pop a couple
into our twats and let them marinate in our cuntjuice for a while. Then we'll
feed them to her."

      Delighted with the idea, both women took two oysters and, rising their
plump arses off their seats, proceeded to push them up their sopping cunts.

      "That sounds bloody delicious, Ceel." Cried Bill to his Wife. "Do a few
for me and old George, while you are at it."

      "Oh, I'm sure Mrs Bending will oblige you, darling." The Authoress
answered, nonchalantly.

      Taking a handful of oysters, she scooped them out onto a plate and turned
to the degraded blonde.

      "Come on. Lift your big bum off the seat so I can get at your cunt." The
redhead directed the subjugated young Wife. "That's it. Now spread your thighs
wide. Right."

      And leaning foreword Celia  took the oysters and, one at a time, she
pushed them up into the blushing girl's juicy cunt.

      "There!" The redhead grinned, sitting up and licking her fingers. "Six up
there, soaking nicely. Three each should do you. Now, let's have some more
champers."

      They all drained their glasses (Their hostess, generously, pouring two
glasses down June's throat.) and Bill brought a second Magnum from the frig and
opened it with a loud pop.

      June was feeling really strange. Her drink was going to her head but her
mind seemed to be quite clear. She was beginning to realize, with great awe,
that she was experiencing a voluptuous thrill in her humiliation. She was, in
fact, enjoying her degrading and finding her debasement highly arousing. What
with the stimulants she had received, she felt she was about to boil over. Her
big breasts, anus, cunt and clitoris, all itched like the devil and her pale,
bare skin prickled all over her beautiful body. She writhed in her seat.

      Celia was again addressing their little party.

      "I haven't been this aroused since Bill and I attended the Duke and
Duchess of Gomorrah's annual orgy." The lecherous redhead was giggling. "Fuck
me, Dolly, you should have been there. You wouldn't have believed your eyes."

      "Oh, yes, Ceel. You told me about it." The dark haired woman sighed. "Oh!
I'd love to go to something like that."

      "Well, that might be arranged." The Authoress smiled at her lovely naked
accomplice. "Bill and I are very good friends of the Duchess, you know."

      "Ooooo! That would be wonderful!" Dolly squealed with delight. "Wouldn't
it, George?"

      "Marvellous!" Nodded the big business man with enthusiasm. "I'd be on a
business trip, of course. Where are these 'orgies' held, by the way?"

      "The Duke owns an island off Africa." Bill answered. "He is the law there
and he can do just as he pleases. Really. Anything. There is nothing too hot or
too strong."

      "And that's where I think you've gone wrong with that contract you've
drawn up with this adulterous Slut here." Celia added, as she raised another
glassful of wine to June's luscious mouth.

      "How do you mean, gone wrong?" George asked, with concern.

      "Well, only four assistants?" Celia said with scorn. "Why only four, for
fucks sake? She is the debtor! She's got no rights! You make the rules! You say
what goes!"

      The Authoress gave the young blonde a sly, sidelong smile and continued.

      "Change it, George." The lovely woman went on as she poured the bubbly
wine between June's full, red lips. "Any number of assistants and/or witnesses.
Just as lone as it won't 'blow the gaff' as they say."

      "We'll do it!" Cried Dolly. "As soon as we get home."

      "B..But...." Stuttered June.

      "Silence!" Snapped Celia. "It as nothing to do with you!"

      While the girl, again, began weeping, the woman at her side continued.

      "Oooooo. Just think of it, Dolly." She drooled, lasciviously fondling the
sobbing girl's full fleshed body. "We could take the Slut with us to the Dukes
island. Expose her to the Great Orgy. We could have her publicly raped on stage,
before an audience of up to five hundred people, Rakes and Lechers, all."

      "Oh, God! No!" Gasped the tearful blonde. "I could never get away for that
amount of time! I know I couldn't!"

      "I said, be silent!" Celia shouted, her green eyes flashing at the
trembling girl. "You will do what you are told!"

      "Oh, just ignore her, darling." Laughed Dolly, seeing the despair in the
young woman's eyes. "How long will it go on? Two weeks?"

      "Yes." Answered Bill. "Two weeks. That, of course, includes time
travelling to and from the island."

      "Well, that will be all right then." Dolly went on, with a hard look at
their victim. "I'm confident that Mrs Bending will be able to arrange matters
with her sister. Won't you, Mrs Bending?"

      Her soft, round shoulders, slumping with resigned hopelessness, June
nodded her lovely head.

      "Good! It's settled then!" Said Celia. "I'll phone the Duchess and fix
things up. The big party, the Annual Orgy, that is, is in about six weeks time.
We'll all go to that one. Let's drink to it."

      June was made to raise her glass along with the others.

      "Here's to the Great Orgy." Toasted Celia.

      "To the Great Orgy." Came the enthusiastic reply.

      After the toast, Celia turned to June and, pulling the girl's chair close
to her own, thrust her right hand between the young Mother's full fleshed
thighs. Plunging her fingers, deep, into the squealing blonde's sopping cunt and
having a good rummage around, the redhead, finally, withdrew her hand with a
'slurp'.

      "Her we are." Laughed the Authoress, holding up the slimy prize in her
wet, slippery fingers for them all to admire. "That seems to be pickled enough."

      "Ah! Let me try it." Her husband cried, leaning towards her with his mouth
wide open.

      Reaching across the table, the giggling redhead popped the creamed oyster
into Bill's open mouth.

      "Mmmmm!" Exclaimed the tall sculptor, rolling his eyes while chewing and
savouring the delicious morsel with relish. "God!!! It's fucking beautiful! What
a delightful flavour your cuntcream has, Mrs Bending."

      Blushing with shame, June attempted to turn her head from the indecent
sight.

      "Oh, no you don't!" Celia snarled, forcing the girl's pretty, tear
streaked face back towards her Husband. "You are going to experience every
thing! Just for that, you can pull the next one out and feed it to Mr Cane,
yourself! Go on! Get one out!"

      Her face and breasts flushed red with humiliation, the buxom, tearful
young wife, raised her plump buttocks off the seat, spread her full white thighs
and, looking down below her rounded belly, opened the fat, bald lips of her cunt
with the fingers of her left hand and thrust the fingers of her right, up into
the hot, wet folds of her boiling sex.

      All eyes were on the weeping, naked young beauty as, nipping her full,
red, quivering lower lip between her even, white teeth, she rummaged, carefully,
in the depths of her highly sensitive vulva. After a long moment of searching,
June carefully removed her wet fingers from her gash and, lifting her hand she
bashfully displayed the slimy, obscene body of a fat, cuntcream coated oyster.

      "Ah! How delightful!" Squealed Dolly, her dark eyes glowing at the lewd
sight. "Go on then, my dear. Feed Mr Cane."

      As George eagerly leaned foreword with open mouth, June, her pretty face
grimacing with great distaste, pushed the deliciously marinated mollusc, between
the fat man's sensuous lips.

      "Mmmm! Aaaah! Mmmmh! Oh! Fuck! Mmmm! Oh! Yes! Aaaaaah! Yes!" George cried,
smacking his lips with relish. "Fuck me! You're right, Bill! Tastes like fucking
'Ambrosia'!"

      "Yes. Fucking beautiful!" Agreed the Sculptor. "Let's have some more,
Ceel."

      Amid much laughter, Celia pulled two more, richly flavoured creamed
oysters, from the blushing young blonde's juicy twat and fed them to the men,
who devoured them, greedily.

      "If they are that good, then Dolly and I are going to have the last two,
ourselves!" Laughed Celia.

       And withdrawing the last two creamy oysters from the weeping young
woman's plump, wet cunt, the lecherous redhead placed one on Dolly's eagerly
extended tongue and sucked the other, greedily, into her own lovely red mouth.

      For long moments, the horrified young Wife and Mother, watched, with
lascivious fascination, as the other four people around the table, gluttonously
consumed the lusciously flavoured shellfish.

      "Ahhh! Look!" Celia laughed, her mouth still full. "She hasn't got any!
Come on Dolly. We've got some for her!"

      And giggling like schoolgirl's, both women plunged their fingers into
their sopping cunts and pulled out a fat oyster each. Both molluscs thickly   
coated with rich, creamy, cuntjuice.

      "Here, Mrs Bending." Cried Celia, pushing the obscene tit-bit between the
soft, red lips of the squealing, gagging blonde. "This is just for you."

      For one awful moment June thought she was about to vomit. Swiftly, Celia
pressed her wet, slippery fingers, over the struggling girl's mouth and smiled
her sweet, cruel smile.

      "Don't you dare throw up." The Authoress warned, her green eyes ablaze.
"Any more disobedience and you will go straight to the stake!"

      The shapely blonde stopped struggling and relaxed into the older girl's
arms. To her surprise, that first feeling of nausea had passed, completely and
another feeling was sweeping, like fire, through her veins.

      She shivered, aware that their eyes were watching her reactions, but
unable to hide her true feelings. The rich taste of the woman's cuntjuice filled
her mouth and the hot thrill of high, sexual arousal, churned her guts. Weeping
tears of shame and humiliation, she moved the fat, slimy body of the mollusc,
around her mouth, chewing submissively and savouring the luscious flavour that
flooded her taste buds. Suddenly the flesh was gone, swallowed down. But the
rich flavour of the woman still filled her mouth and coated her tongue. June
licked her full lips and looked up, obediently. Her four tormentors clapped
their hands and laughed with cruel satisfaction.         

      "There! You loved it, didn't you? You dirty Slut!" Celia leered. "Open
your mouth ant pop Dolly's in. You can compare our flavours."

      The naked blonde leaned across the table and submissively accepted Dolly's
dripping, juicy morsel onto her extended tongue.

      "Do you like that one, Mrs Bending?" Dolly giggled, dark eyes aglow as she
watched the younger woman start to chew on her undreamed oyster.

      "Oh, yes! She loves it!" Celia answered for the blushing girl. "She just
doesn't speak with her mouth full, that's all."

      As they all watched the girl eat the oyster, the leering Authoress once
more slipped her right hand down between the blonds, full, plump thighs and,
with finger and thumb, gripped the younger woman's big, stiff and swollen
clitoris. Much to the amusement of her Husband and their friends, she commenced
to masturbate her, vigorously.

      Still chewing the deliciously marinated oyster, June began to snort and
groan and to wriggle her fat, bare arse on the seat. In a few moments, she was
jerking her hot cunt at Celia's furiously frigging fingers, but before she could
achieve any satisfaction, Celia pulled her hand away, leaving the sweating, red
faced girl squealing with frustration.

      "Time enough for that, later." The redhead grinned. "Let's have dessert."                     




A Friend in Need.

Chapter 11.



      The Game Pie had gone down, without touching the sides, as they say and
now the dessert was passed around the table from a refrigerated compartment in
the tea-trolley.

      With Celia, still spoon-feeding June, they all set-to and began eating
their ice-cream.

      "Mmm!" Said George, with his mouth full. "This is nice,Ceel."

      "Yes, I know." The Authoress agreed. "Not as tasty as the oysters though,
eh?"

      All but the blonde, joined in the laughter.

      "Mrs Bending certainly seemed to enjoy the two you girls flavoured for
her." Chuckled Bill. "I'd have thought she would have spat them out."

      "If she had tried that, she would have gone to the stake, immediately."
Said his Wife, spooning ice-cream into June's sweet mouth. "You under stood
that, didn't you, Mrs Bending?"

      Swallowing the dessert, the young woman nodded, meekly."

      "Tell me, Ceel." Said Dolly, lifting her glass to her lips and taking
another mouth full of Champagne. "You told us some time ago, that it was at one
of these 'Great Orgies' that you first saw a woman 'Put to the Stake' wasn't
it?"

      June pricked up her ears. Any mention of the words 'The Stake' would now
send a chill of fear down her spine. To what were the women referring? It could
never be a 'burning'! Or could it? These people were capable of anything!

      The redhead lifted her napkin and gently wiped the trembling young
blonde's full, luscious lips.

      "Yes. That was on the island." Celia answered her friend. "Well, as Bill
explained, the Duke and Duchess can do anything they want to, on the island.
They have, quite literally, the power of life or death, there. You see, it's in
no country's territorial waters and they have it guarded like a fortress. Well,
with people as rich as the Duke and Duchess of Gomorrah, it's a case of 'money's
no object', you see."

      The Authoress took a mouthful of dessert and Dolly leaned closer across
the table, her dark eyes shining with excited interest.

      "Who was the girl?" She asked.

      "Oh, just some poor slut who'd fallen foul of the Duchess." Celia
answered. "The whole thing had been dreamed up by her as revenge for some
slight, or other. And what a revenge it was! That's one woman I wouldn't like to
cross."

      "And what was she like, the girl I mean?" Dolly urged. "Was she pretty?"

      "Pretty!" Interjected Bill, loudly. "She was one of the most beautiful,
voluptuous women I've ever seen!"

      "Bill's quite right. She was lovely." His wife continued with a laugh. "An
African. Quite young. About the same age as Mrs Bending here, I should think.
Different colouring, of course. Quite the opposite, in fact."

      "A Negress?" Asked George, with great interest.

      "Yes. And what colour!" Went on Celia, warming to her story. "Talk about
'Black is Beautiful'. Her skin was rich, dark sepia and her flesh had that very
firm quality that Negresses often have. Looked like hard, highly polished wood."

      "And she didn't have a blemish on her whole body." Bill put in. "Not that
I could see, anyway. And we had grandstand seats."

      "Yes, that's right. Well......To begin with, she didn't have a blemish.
But that changed, a lot, as the entertainment went on." Celia chuckled, feeding
June more ice-cream. "And she had beautiful features, too. Big black eyes, small
finely chiselled nose, high cheekbones and the most voluptuous, full lipped
mouth. Dark as she was, her mouth was the only part of her face that was really
Negroid."

      "I know the type, Ceel." George chuckled, with a lewd wink. "As soon as I
see a mouth like that, I think I can feel the lips wrapped around my helmet."

      "That's exactly the sort it was." The redhead laughed and continued. "She
was as buxom as Mrs Bending here, Very shapely! But her flesh seemed firmer,
somehow. It's often the same with black girls. White girls, like Mrs Bending,
seem softer, like Marshmallow. What ever, this girl had great, melonous tits,
with big nipples like walnuts and a superb, big round arse, with buttocks like
huge marble pumpkins."

      "But, didn't she object, or anything?" Asked Dolly, licking her lips,
wolfishly.

      "How could she object?" Laughed Celia. "The girl was a prisoner! The
Duchess had had her abducted and brought to the island for punishment."

      "Fuck! What a day that was!" Said Bill. "I'll always remember it. It gives
me a 'hard-on' just to think of it."

      "Well, go on, Ceel." Dolly urged her girlfriend, excitedly. "Tell us about
it. And don't forget all the gory little details, either."

      "Well, alright." Celia agreed with a giggle. "It is a good story and I
love remembering all that happened that day and all the delightful things they
did to that black Slut. It makes me very wet."

      The beautiful Authoress took a long drink from her glass and replaced it
on the table. Then, pulling June's naked body closer to her own, she resuming
the lewd fondling of the blonde's bruised, swollen and sensitive jugs. Cruelly
twisting the big nipple on the girl's left breast, the lecherous redhead began
her tail.

      "It was, I remember, a gloriously sunny day, as it usually is on the
island. Bill and I had been to a big party the previous night and we had not got
back to our guest room until dawn. We didn't get up until it was time for lunch.
We ate in the luxurious dining room, not in our suit and it was lucky for us
that we did go down." The freckled lady moved her hand to the big nipple on
June's right tit and began twisting that.

      "Friends we met in the dining room told us that there was going to be a
'Punishment Exhibition' that afternoon, in the town's public square. It was
going to be, we were told, a sort of 'Public Execution' and very funny and
amusing. A spectacle we should not miss for anything." She gave her guests a
wolfish grin.

       "Well, I'm very glad to say, that we took their advice and went along to
watch the show."

       Celia took June's hand and placed it against her cunt and, while the
young Wife fingered the Authoress's fat tickler, the redhead continued.

      "In the centre of the town square there had been built a large dais. This
strong platform was a permanent structure, about four feet high, so that the
crowds at these entertainments could have a good, clear view of the proceedings.

      Right in front of the dais was a sort of 'Royal Box', with plush seats and
a cool, colourful silk canopy to keep off the sun. This structure had been built
high enough so that the privileged guests, who sat there, could look down onto
the platform opposite. In the centre of the front row of seats on the dais, sat
the Duchess and, among the special friends who sat on each side of her on that
day, I'm proud to say, were Bill and myself. Everyone of us sitting in the Royal
Box that day, including the Duchess, was stark naked. Well, except for make-up
and our jewellery, that is. Oh! And a lot were wearing sun hats too. There were
about a two dozen or so people in the Box and most of the men were already
sporting huge erections, some nearly as big as bill's. The Duke, I was told, was
away in New York on business, so the Duchess had two teenaged lesbian lovers
sitting on each side of her, and then came Bill and myself.

       There was a hell of a crowd in the square, about five hundred people, I
should think and mostly women, at that. Most of the crowd, too, was naked and
already a lewd, orgy atmosphere was growing. Suddenly, there was a great cheer
and we all saw her for the first time. The crowd went wild with excitement.
Well, she was so beautiful and she looked so.......vulnerable.

       All of the 'Official' punishments on the island are carried out by a
special team of women torturers (All beautiful, but real sadistic bitches.) and
these women, as is the custom there, parade their victims through the streets of
the town to the Public Square, were the Sentence, what ever it may be, is
carried out. When I say 'What ever it may be', I mean just that. For they will
even carry out Death Penalties, at the Duke or Duchess's behest.

      Anyway, to enhance the party spirit and to get every one in the right mood
for the 'entertainment' to come, six of these bitches were parading the girl
through the streets to the Square. A lot of people were lining the route and
then following after, laughing and jeering. After our initial gasps of delighted
surprise at the beauty of the voluptuous victim, we too, joined in the laughter.
Well, you would have laughed yourselves, if you had seen what those cruel Sluts
had done to her.

      The girl had been stripped stark naked and her luscious body displayed to
all. The black hair on her lovely head had been arranged in one of those
beautiful, beaded, African hair-dos and the brightly coloured beads hung to her
softly rounded shoulders. All trace of hair on the rest of her body, had been
skilfully removed.

      In fact, apart from the beads, the only things that adorned her superb
body were the red leather straps. These were softly padded and had shiny steel
links and clips attached. A cuff-like strap was firmly buckled around each of
her ankles and each wrist. Two more straps tightly encircled her arms, one above
each elbow and two more, one above each knee.

      The girl's arms had been forced up behind her back and the cuffs on her
wrists had been firmly attached to the straps around each opposite elbow. This
arraignment forced her shoulders right back and this, in turn, forced her great,
black, melonous breasts to thrust out, arrogantly, before her.

      To make matters worse for her, the women in the Punishment Team (Each of
whom, by the way, carries the title of 'Madam' on the island and are always
addressed as such.) Well, these 'Madams' had taken those fantastic tits of
her's, wrapped a special two inch wide strap around the base of each udder,
thread it through it's clasp and then tightened each strap up as tight as they
could get them."

      "Fucking hell! The effect! You should have seen it!" Put in Bill. "What a
pair of Wolloppers!"

      "Yes, they were a sight." Leered Celia, cruelly kneading the gasping
June's own big, bruised and swollen jugs, as she continued her exciting story.
"As the bases of the black girl's big breasts had been drawn in by the straps,
so the great udders had swelled out and blown up like a pair of huge balloons on
her chest. Round as footballs, they were. With her huge nipples so engorged and
congested that they had lengthened and swollen to an alarming size. In fact, one
of the Madams told me later, that they had got her nipples stretched to three
inches long, before they had finished with her.

      Now, there were many cruel and amusing ways the Madams had thought up to
walk a person to meet their fate. Each one calculated to ensure the utmost
amusement for the crowd and the utmost humiliation for the victim. On this
occasion they had used a kind of walking-frame. I'm no engineer, so I can only
give you a vague description of 'The Infernal Machine' as I remember it.

      It had a sort of low, tubular, rectangular base. Wide-ish, with a small
spoked wheel at each corner. It was quite light, constructed like a bicycle, but
its four wheels were only about fifteen inches diameter. There was a space in
the centre of the base, for the victim to walk in and this space was bridged,
from centre front to centre rear, with a raised, bowed, cross-bar, witch was
topped at its centre with a sort of bicycle saddle. Attached beneath the saddle
was a fifth wheel with a lot of cogs and a long piston-rod. It looked quite
complex, I must say.

      Now here's the amusing bit. Standing straight up from the saddle, was a
huge, fat dildo, about four inches diameter and twelve inches long, with great,
warty nodules covering its thick shaft and encircling its great knob. Just
behind this, the shaft of a second, slightly thinner dildo could be seen
protruding from a hole in the saddle and below which was fixed a metal tube.
This tube encased a steel piston-rod.

      The streets of the Dukes little holiday resort all had smooth, hard,
surfaces, so the little vehicle could move quite easily along its rout to the
Square.

      Now what, you'll want to know, was making the spectators laugh so much?
Well, it was this.

      The Madams had made the blackgirl mount up and straddle the saddle and had
then forcefully impaled her on the huge ridged dildo.

      There she now sat, with the great, warty shaft fully embedded up her fat,
bald cunt, her shapely legs on each side of the centre wheel and her pretty,
pink soled feet, flat on the floor.

      The exceptionally large knob of the second dildo was huge for a good
reason and the Madams had had a hard job opening the poor girl's arsehole wide
enough to take it. After a long and noisy struggle, back in the cells, with the
strapped down negress hitting the high notes, the Madams had finally embedded
the monster knob in her bowels. Now, with the girl's generously lubricated
arsehole, tightly gripping the slimmer dildo just below its big knob, they were
able to attach its shaft to the steel piston-rod, after they had impaled her
cunt on the huge warty shaft fixed to the saddle.

      The Madams had then uncoupled the rear piston-rod from the mechanism under
the saddle, so as not to spoil the amusing surprise the blackgirl would get when
she started her walk to the Square. Carefully they had walked her and the
uncoupled machine out on to the open, sunlit road, where she waited, trembling,
mounted on the walking frame.

      A stern faced, black haired, Spanish beauty named Madam Rita, was in
charge of the proceedings. She and another blonde Madam, stepped into the frame
to make the final adjustments. First they reattached the piston-rod onto the
mechanism under the saddle. Then, examining the girl's bald cunt-lips, which
were stretched around the great four inch diameter lubricated shaft of the
prickly, saddle fixed dildo, they skinned back the fleshy hood of the Negress's
big, pink clitoris. The Madams, attaching a glass suction tube over its swollen
length and, pumping the tube vigorously, sucked out the squealing girl's fat
tickler until three inches of its swollen stalk was drawn out into the tube.
Nodding with satisfaction, the Spaniard slipped a small loop on the end of a
strong, thin nylon line, around the base of the girl's swollen clit and pulled
it tight, trapping the bloated stalk in a powerful grip that would only be
released when the loop was cut free.                  

      As the beautiful Negess winced with the pain of her big, swollen clitoris,
Madam Rita took up her position, with the end of the Nylon line rapped around
her right hand, in front of the lovely, mounted African  and the odd walking
frame. A Chinese Madam distributed four foot long plastic rods with leather
bound handles to four of remaining Madams. These rods were half inch diameter
thick and could be bent over until both ends touched. They were extremely
vicious and painful canes.

      Four of the Madams took up their positions for the walk. One on each side
of the bound and naked blackgirl and two just behind her. The sixth Madam walked
to the rear.

      "Are we ready?" Called out Madam Rita.

      "Yes." Came the five replies.

      "Then let's...... GO!" Called Madam Rita and at the same time she gave a
sharp, hard pull on the Nylon line.

      "NNAAAAAAAAAH!" Screamed the Negress, as her big, swollen clit was almost
ripped out by its root.

      Immediately, the two Madams at the girl's rear, each gave her a full
stroked, vicious slash across both big black buttocks, with their heavy canes.

      CRACK! CRACK!

      "EEEEEEEEEAAAAAH!" The black Slut bellowed, but with her hands tied to her
elbows behind her back, all she could do was writhe on the dildos.             

       Madam Rita was still pulling, firmly on the Nylon line and, looking down
over her round, black belly to where the pain was lancing into her cunt, the
squealing Negress could clearly see the badly swollen bulb of her hot, red
clitoris, stretched out of her cunt some three or more inches ahead of her bald,
forward  thrusting pubic mound.

      To stop the painful stretching of her clit, the blackgirl lurched
foreword, taking her first steps on her long walk to the execution platform,
with amazing results.

      As the Slut staggered foreword, the wheel between the her legs turned
along the ground and began the cogs turning. As the cogs turned the steel
piston-rod shot up through the hole in the saddle and thrust the rear dildo,
right up her arse. The force of the thrust slammed the dildo's huge knob deep
into the girl's bowels and lifted her right up onto her pretty pink toes and, as
it did so, drew her tightly stretched cunt, up along the fat, warty shaft that
was embedded in her guts.             

.    The beautiful Negress squealed like a sow on heat. When the knobbly shaft
embedded in her bowels was at full thrust, her toes could barely touch the
ground, but the cruel Madam Rita, using the Nylon line as a leash, still pulled
hard on the blackgirl's stretched and swollen tickler.

        "NNAARH!" The Negress groaned loudly and took a second step foreword.
This time the cogs brought the piston-rod, swiftly flashing downward, drawing
the anal dildo with it and pulling the thick noduled shaft out through the
blackgirl's oiled and bulging arsehole. As it withdrew, the girl's abused rectum
gripped tightly below the dildo's great knob and, again, her stretched and
tender cunt was, forcefully, pulled down over the massive noduled shaft, that
was fixed, upright, to the saddle.

      As the pink soles of her feet, again pressed flat on the ground and the
swollen lips of her cunt were once more ground down onto the huge dildo's wide
base, the two Madams at the African's rear again lashed their heavy, whippy
canes across her big, round arsecheeks.

      CRACK! CRACK! Went the canes against her firm flesh.

      "NEEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAGH!" Shrieked the Negress in response and, as again
Madam Rita jerked her foreword by the clit, the beautiful blackwoman took more
lurching steps along the road. Each step plunging the big knobbed anal dildo, in
and out of her swollen, shit-rimmed arsehole and forced her cunt to ride up and
down over the massive shaft embedded in her bruised and bulging belly.

      In this manner the Madams walked the screaming Nigress to meet her fate."

      "Fucking hell, Celia!" Dolly cried, fingering her clit and tweaking one of
her nipples. "I'm spurting just listening to this!"

       "You should have been there." Leered Celia, as June vigorously fingered
her cunt. "The Madams were just walking her around the Square. They hadn't
really started on her yet and I was already sitting in a pool of my own Custard.
It was most enjoyable!"

        "Go on, Ceel." Croaked George, pumping on his badly engorged prick.
"Don't stop now, for fuck sake!"

       "Yes, go on, Ceel." Chipped in her husband, also beating on his great
meat. "It's bringing it all back to me."

        "You boys just be careful you don't shoot your wads!" The lecherous
redhead chuckled. "I've told you before. I'm going to need you both as hard as
steel, later." And she wagged her finger at them, jokingly."

       "Anyhow. Now, were was I? Oh, yes." The Authoress said and continued with
her story.

        "The Madams soon had the poor cow circling the Square. Once they had the
frame rolling, the black Slut couldn't stop it without their help and they
didn't want it to stop just yet. No. They wanted to expose their victim to the
crowd and humiliate her as much as possible. And they were making a fucking good
job of that and it was very, very funny.

        Did I mention how the Madams were dressed? Well, they all wore the same
uniform and very smart and sexy it was, too. They wore black leather thigh boots
and a little black Bolero jacket that was designed so they could lift their jugs
out and hang them over the top when they were giving a show. Which, of course,
was what they were doing then, so they all had their tits on display. They also
use to wear a short black skirt, but would discard that when they got their jugs
out. So, they were bare arsed, bald cunted and topless when they were torturing
some one and, believe me, it did add spice to the spectacle.

        So, they'd got the black bitch moving around the Square and she was
making quite a noise about it, too, I can tell you. Well, apart from having her
clit stretched by Rita, she was riding up and down on the dildos every step she
took. We knew that the machine was forcing her to do it, but it did look as if
she was fucking herself on them as she walked. It looked very amusing, but her
cunt and arsehole must have been in agony with the reaming they were taking.
And, as if that and the yanking on her clit and the caning of her arse, wasn't
enough, The two Madams walking on ether side of her, began lashing her across
those, great, strapped up, swollen udders of hers, with their canes. All four
were really letting her have it. We could hear the crack of all the canes
against her flesh, even above the sound her shrieks. Those cruel bitches really
loved their work!

      Madam Rite told me later, that they had given her special drugs for the
ordeal. Stimulants, so she wouldn't lose consciousness and which ensure her body
would become ultra-sensitive to both pain and sexual stimulation. Also, a little
something to increase the production of her seminal fluid. So she'd have plenty
of cuntjuice. And by fuck, she was going to need it. In fact, we could already
see the results of that, as her thick, white, cuntcustard could be clearly seen
coating the shaft of the huge fixed dildo that was ploughing her stretched and
purple cunt. It must have been helping to lubricate the shaft, as was the shit
that now greased her swollen arsehole, for both dildos now seemed to be sliding
in and out quite smoothly. You can't beat natural lubrication, I always say.

      Suddenly the sixth Madam stepped foreword and, gripping the walking frame
at the rear with both hands, she began pushing the frame along the road around
the Square and increasing its speed faster and faster. Well, you can imagine how
this speedy pace affected the movement of the dildos and the reaming out of that
black Slut's cunt and turdtube. She shrieked to the sky as she rode the warty
shafts around the Square and her wild screams were even heard over the delighted
roar of the crowd as they cheered her on until the Madams brought the frame to a
stop before the dais.

      The frame had been brought to a halt, just below the Royal Box where we,
the Duchess and her friends were seated. Madam Rita stepped foreword and raised
her hand to the Duchess, in a fascist style salute. Except for the weeping of
the Negress, the crowd fell silent.

      "The Island Court has found this slut Guilty of Treason and condemned her
to the stake." Madam Rita addressed the Duchess, in a firm, loud voice. "She has
been brought to this public place so that all here present can witness her fate.
What is your pleasure, my Lady?"

      The Duchess, looking lovely and as naked as the day she was born, waved
her hand, imperially.

      "Carry out the sentence, Madam Rita." She commanded. "Oh, and Rita. Do
your worst, my dear. Give us all a good laugh."

       The Madam lifted her fisted arm to her naked breasts.

      "I'll do my best, my Lady." She replied and, with a cold, cruel smile, she
turned back to the dais.




A Friend in Need. Chapter 12.



      To one side of the dais and fixed deep into the concrete, was a wide steel
post that stood about thirty feet high and was topped by a swinging, steel beam
that stood out like the arm of a gibbet. The arm and the steel wire pulley that
hung from its end, was run by electricity and controlled by a button switch at
the end of a cable, which hung down alongside.

      One of the Madams took charge of the controls and swung the arm out over
the dais, manoeuvring it until the pulley was directly over the blackgirl's
head. Then she lowered the steel wire of the pulley until it passed down in
front of the sobbing Negress's face, where Madam Rita was able to grasp the
steel clips on its end.

      Before the Negress was aware of what the woman was about to do, the
Spaniard had attached the small pair of clips on the end of the pulley wire to
the metal rings on the leather straps that tightly bound the girl's big breasts.

      With a delighted leer at the lovely blackgirl's horrified expression of
realization, Rita gave the Negress's badly congested and tightly balled tits a
vicious squeeze and, stepping back, she raised her hand in signal to the Madam
with the controls.

      "Right." Rita cried, without taking her cruel eyes of the face of her
panicking, terrified victim. "Slowly now. Take her up."

      A silence had fallen over the crowd, so that all we could hear was
frightened girl's gasping sobs and the low hum of the winch's electric motor.
The pulley wire tightened and all eyes were fixed, excitedly, on the heavy,
swollen gourds of her purple breasts.

      "Careful, now. Easy dose it." Cautioned the Spaniard, her hand in the air.

       As the wire grew tort and started to take up the strain, the girl broke
the silence. She shrieked with alarm.

      "Oh, God! Save me!" she cried.

      We all watched with cruel delight as her engorged milkmelons slowly lifted
into the air.

      "NO! NO!" She screamed, with mounting hysteria. "You can't do this! You
can't! YOU CAN'T!"

      "No?" The Spaniard laughed, her dark eyes flashing with excitement. "You
joss see, Senorita. You joss see."

      And the Madam signalled 'UP' with her hand and the shrieking Negress's
ballooning breasts were pulled right up in the air, passed her pain racked
features and horrified, bulging eyes."

      Celia looked around at her wide eyed guests and, still lewdly fondling the
soft charms of the naked blonde, she gave a laugh.

      "I was leaning foreword, watching the scene, avidly." She continued. "My
fingers tightly gripping the plush arms of my chair in my excitement. My cunt
was gushing and I could feel my first big orgasm of the afternoon, speeding to
my bursting clit. I could not take my eyes off those great, balled, purple
bruised udders and I could hear Bill snorting with lust beside me, too.

      The screaming Negress's lovely head tilted back over her strapped arms, as
she bent her shoulders back to try and take the strain off her upward stretching
tits. She stood on tip-toes, frantically trying to stand as high as she could,
in a desperate effort to support her weight.

      She stopped screaming. Her superb body dripped with sweat, even in that
hot sun. She struggled to lift her head and stared for a long moment at her
swiftly extending tits, with wide, horrified eyes.

      At that moment, you could have heard a pin drop.

      Suddenly, she gave a great shriek. Her stretched and strung out breasts
began to judder as again they pulled up and away from her trembling body.

      The straps around the girl's great, bulging udders held fast and the
winch's cable wire was pulled as tight as a bowstring. A loud cry of delighted
amazement rose from the crowd as, to our lecherous amusement, the roundly,
swollen globes, again began to stretch at their base.

      I watched with awe.

      "Go on! Stretch them! Stretch them!" Screamed the crowd

      "Yes! Stretch them! Stretch the black bitch's big udders! Rip them off
her." I screamed, urging the Madams on.

      The blackgirl's shrieks were terrible to hear, But I must add, that I
enjoyed them, immensely. Her eyes bulged from her head as she watched her great
jugs stretch up and draw away from her body. Above the straps, her big breasts
had been squeezed into hard, swollen, dark-red balls, the veins standing out in
purple and dark blue, looking as if they were about to burst. While below the
straps, the flesh was stretched an alarming length from her chest, so that the
pulsing globes seemed to hang, quivering, a foot above her head. Then the
walking frame began to shake and rattle, so four of the Madams climbed up and
stood on each corner, to hold it down.

      Suddenly, there was another great shout of delight from the crowd.

      The shrieking Negress's toes had left the ground. She was being lifted
into the air by her breasts and, as we watched, she was drawn up off the warty
dildos that were still embedded up her arsehole and cunt.

      The shriek died in the blackgirl's throat and, again, the crowd fell
silent. All that could be heard was the winch's low buzzing. The girl's shapely
legs scissors for a moment, as she vainly tried to reach the ground with her
toes. Then, she gave a great gasp, as her buxom body raised from the floor.

      There were grunts and snorts of pure glee from the crowd and a woman
screamed with delight.

      "Look at her cunt!" She cried, squealing with excitement. "Look! Look!
Look at her cunt and arsehole!"

      Snarls of lust and shrieks of cruel laughter, rose from the lecherous
onlookers. As the Negress's body rose off the ground and her cunt and anus were
drawn up off the two huge dildos upon which she was impaled, her tight flesh
tried to retain its grip on the thick, warty shafts. The soft, pink, inner flesh
of her twat and rectum, was clearly seen clinging to the great columns, most
amusingly and, as the girl rose up into the air and more and more of the great
dildos were exposed, there, drawn out of the swollen ring of her arsehole and
from inside the tightly stretched lips of her cunt, we saw the raw, wet,
salmon-pink meat of her vulva and the pale pink tube of her bowels clinging,
tightly to the gnarled shafts. Relentlessly the winch pulled her upward. Her
arsehole bulged out, alarmingly. Suddenly, her tightly stretched ring gave way
and the huge knob of the anal dildo, burst out with a loud, wet 'PLOP',
splashing her big buttocks and inner thighs with shit and allowing the winch to
tear her cunt off the bigger dildo.

      Free at last, the winch pulled the shrieking Negress high in the air and
swung her over the Execution Platform. As she hung there, high in the air,
thighs splayed, we saw the exposed, inner flesh of her cunt and bowels, slowly
drawn back up into both gaping holes.

      I heard Bill give a groan and glanced, quickly, at him. His lips were
drawn away from his teeth, in a savage snarl. His hands, like mine, were tightly
gripping the arms of his chair and his beautiful, great prick, was standing
straight up, rigidly, from his groin, it's stiff column vibrating, violently.
Even as I watched, the pisshole in the pulsing helmet gaped and  a thick jet of
hot spunk shot out over the rail of the box and down, into the crowd below. Such
was the lubricity of the scene before us, that it had excited my love's lust to
such a height, that his spunk had discharged, involuntary, and had spurted, at
least, eight feet over the balustrade.

      I looked, quickly, back to the scene before us and felt my own orgasm
wrack my body and my naked cunt gush, filling the plastic covering of my chair's
seat with lovejuice. The reason for the plastic covering was now obvious, as I,
the Duchess and every other woman seated up in the Royal Box, spent the rest of
the time watching the show, with our bare arses sliding about in a pool of
cuntcustard.

      The lovely Negress, was lifted up, by her badly stretched udders, until
she hung high in the air, her pink soled feet well clear of the heads of the
crowd. She didn't scream, but kept up a sort of high pitched whine, as if she
was afraid to breathe. Her shapely legs she held stiff and her body rigid,
terrified to move in case she tore off her breasts, or stretched them even more
than they were already.

      Madam Rita and the other Madams climbed the steps of the dais and moved to
the centre of the platform, where stood a mysterious object covered with a
large, white sheet. Gripping the sheet, the Spaniard tore it off and threw it
aside.

      A loud roar of cruel delight, rose from the crowd and, at that moment, my
second big orgasm of the day, swept through me. There before us, in all its
terrifying glory, was 'THE STAKE'

      The sobbing blackgirl, who hung suspended on the wire, turned her lovely
head to try to see what had incited the crowd to give that cruel shout. When she
saw the Stake, her eyes bulged out of her head and she let out a high pitched
wail that brought laughter from the spectators and sent a great thrill of
voluptuous spite tingling through my cunt.

      "How can she bare it?" I laughed, addressing my remark to no one in
particular. "Why doesn't she pass out?"

      My question was answered by the Duchess, herself.

      "Pass out?" She cried, with a chuckle and not once taking her eyes off the
scene below. "Oh, no! She's not getting off that easily! No, my dear, it has all
been carefully prepared. The Slut is as strong as an ox, in both body and heart
and she's been so filled with stimulants that she wouldn't lose consciousness,
even if we boiled her in oil! No, no, my dear. This bitch is going to experience
every delicious moment of her punishment. And she'll live to remember it."

      On the dais, Madam Rita was displaying 'THE STAKE' to the audience. It had
a base made of steel, that was bolted, firmly, to the platform and its complex
Electric/Hydraulic mechanism, was all hidden beneath the floor. From this base
rose 'THE STAKE' itself. A highly polished hard-wood column that, at this
moment, stood about six feet high and was a massive eight inches in diameter,
the top twelve inches of which was covered in, what appeared to be, a strong red
rubber. This top was an odd shape, from where it was attached, with a highly
polished, counter-sunk metal band, to its tip, which tapered to two inch
diameter at the top six inches. The whole thing looked a bit like a great, giant
prick, stiff and eager to fuck. Which, I suppose, was what it was.

      The Spaniard demonstrated to the spectators, just how the mechanism
worked. The mechanism was controlled from an electric console which stood to one
side. At a touch of a button, the shaft could be raised up to its full six feet
or lowered down to two feet. The column could also be made to shake, from a very
high speed vibration, to a hectic, violent rocking.      

      The crowd laughed, when the Spaniard gave a meaningful wink and made the
shaft piston, swiftly, up and down, in a most lewd manner. Then, to end the
demonstration, she made the rubber head-covering inflate, until it had blown up
to the size of a medicine ball. That's about eighteen inches diameter. She told
us, that the use of these movements and adjustments would become obvious to all,
before the afternoon was over. Especially to the blackgirl.

      "Right, then." Called Madam Rita, to her five colleagues. "Are we ready to
continue with the show?"

      "We are!" They replied.

      At a signal from the Spaniard, the suspended Negress was swung in over the
platform and lowered until her pretty pink toes were about a foot off the wooden
floor.

      "Sorry I have to keep you, Hanging Aroun', Senorita." The black haired
Madam laughed up at the girl. "But be patient, you weell soon get the 'Point'!"

      And the lovely woman, thrust out her plump, bare arse to the spectators
and wiggled it at them, saucily.

      The crowd loved this lewd banter and roared its delight.

      All the while, the Negress continued to hang, stiff and motionless,
terrified to move.

      The Spaniard looked up at the weeping, moaning girl, thoughtfully
fingering her own cunt.

      "Let oss see if we can get the beech to dance aroun' a leetle, on her
streeng and see what eet dose to those beeg jugs of her's." She called to her
colleagues. "Madam Nina, Madam Claire. Thrash that splendeed beeg arse of hers,
with your canes. Really blister eeet. Let's see eef that doss the treeck."

      The two Madams, a sun-tanned English woman and a tall, blonde Swede, moved
in behind the hanging blackgirl, one on each side and, with cruel smiles on
their lovely eager faces, they commenced to thrash her big, round, arse-cheeks,
with hard, vicious strokes of their long whippy canes.

      The African girl opened her mouth and began screaming, loudly. But still
the fear of further stretching her already badly damaged udders, made her remain
as still as she could bear. Only her big, black buttocks moved, jumping and
twitching and writhing, each time the cruel canes cut into the firm round flesh
of her boiling arse. 

      The Madams knew that the African's big bum could take a lot of punishment,
so they really laid in to her. The sound of the 'Swisssssssh- THWACK!' of their
canes as they savagely placed cut after cut across the firm, jutting flesh of
her round and arrogant arse and her pitiful shrieks of response, were music to
my ears. Multiple orgasms thrilled through my quim and my custard gushed,
continuously.

      Glancing at Bill, I saw that he still lustfully gazed at the scene before
us, and that his splendid cock was still standing, stiff and rigid, as if he had
not discharged his spunk just a few moments before.

        Swissssssssssh Thwack!     "AAAAAAAAAH!"

        Swissssssssssh Thwack!     "NNAAAAAAAA!"

        Swissssssssssh Thwack!     "OHHHHHHHHH!"

      We watched the delightful thrashing for ten minutes or so, before Madam
Rita stepped forward and called a halt.

      "I theenk that has softened her up a beet." The Spaniard laughed, giving
another saucy little wiggle of her rounded bum. "Now wee'll geeve the Slut a
taste of sometheeng a lot more amuseeng."

      As the Negress hung there by her udders, crying bitterly and we, the
audience, sat waiting in eager anticipation, the flashing eyed Madam moved to a
chest on the edge of the platform.

      First, she took from the box a pair of soft leather gauntlets and winked
slyly at the crowd as she pulled the gloves on over her plump arms. What she
took from the box next drew from the crowd a loud shout of pure, delighted
spite. For in her well protected hands she held a large bouquet of fresh and
vicious STINGINGNETTLES!

      The crowd's jeering shout, once more provoked the weeping blackgirl to
turn her head, in alarmed apprehension, towards the laughing Madam.

      Seeing the woman's fearful look, the Spaniard held up the Nettles to the
Negress so she could see exactly what they were. While exhibiting the cruel
bouquet to the African, Rita laughed up at her, gleefully.

      "Theese are a leetle personal gift from Her Highness, Thee Duchess, to
you, Senorita." She explained and then added, leering, lecherously. "They are no
ordinary Nettles. No, they are a particularly virulent and painful variety that
we've acquired especially for you. And I am going to see to it, that you enjoy
them, right now."

      Well, you should have heard her! The silly, black bitch, started to
scream, even before they had touched her!"

      The girl had been hanging, sort of, sideways to us, but now the Spaniard
pushed her leg with one hand, so that she spun, slowly on her wire, until the
Duchess (And, of coarse, we guests too.) had an excellent  view of her splendid,
naked arse.

      Holding the Nettles low, Madam Rita walked around her victim and
thoughtfully looked at the squealing Negress's badly striped, welted and bruised
rear. After a moment's consideration, the Spaniard, her black eyes flashing with
lascivious excitement, slowly raised her arm and firmly brushed the vicious
Nettles up the back of the girl's full, black thighs and over her abused, but
splendid buttocks.

      "EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAGH!"

      The Blackgirl's full throated shriek rang out, loud and long, over the
island and she began writhing and twisting and dancing about on the end of her
wire and the stretched flesh between her terribly swollen breasts and her chest,
began to bounce her like a ball on the end of an elastic band.

      The crowd roared its encouragement to the Madams and I could hear, singing
a descant to the Negress's shrieks, the Duchess's own shrill squeals of delight.
I knew, just by the sound of her voice, that her Royal cunt was gushing and her
hot arse was awash in her own sweet custard.

      Rita and the other Madams were giggling like cruel schoolgirls as the
Spaniard, slowly and carefully, brushed the vicious Nettles all over the
shrieking African's jerking, twitching arsecheeks and up and down her writhing
back and sides.

      Fuck me; you should have seen that black bitch dancing a jig on the end of
that line. And what it did to those big, swollen udders of her's! The pressure
in those globes must have been unbearable and they stretched, amazingly!

      Anyway, when the Spaniard had stung her all over her arse, back, sides and
thighs, Madam Nina and Madam Claire threw down their canes and, each grabbing
the Negress by an ankle, they pulled her legs open and forced her full thighs
wide apart.

      Madam Rita at once began rubbing the cruel Nettles, thoroughly, over the
plump, full flesh of the shrieking blackgirl's soft inner thighs. This done, the
skilful Spaniard got to work between the loudly crying young Woman's fat, round
arsecheeks, carefully giving her badly swollen and slackly gaping arsehole a
thorough stinging inside and out.

      Rita had a word with her colleagues, and the women turned the Negress so
that she was now facing the Royal Box and giving the Duchess a Grand Stand view.
After giving her rounded belly a good rub over, the giggling Spaniard turned her
full attention onto the desperately struggling young woman's fat, bald and
defenceless cunt.

      Tearing off a small bunch of Nettles that contained the fresh, green tips
of the plant and which held the most virulent of its poison, Rita tossed the
rest of wicked bouquet back into the box.

      "Careful, now." The dark-haired woman warned her friends. "Get a good
greep on her and hold on tight. She's gona explode when I get to work on her
cunt with thees."

      So saying, the Spaniard stepped in close to the struggling Blackgirl's
full, Nettle-stung thighs and, keeping a little to one side so we all could
clearly see what she was doing, she peered closely to her bitterly crying
victim's bulging cunt.

      "My, my! But these ees a delightful honey-pot you have here, Senorita."
The Madam chuckled, evilly. "Eet ees joss like a beeg, fat, purple fruit, over
ripe and burst open, weeth all eets soft, wet, peenk eenner flesh bulgeen out
and dreepeen with juice."

      "P.. P..Please! P..Please! Please don't hurt me any more!" Begged the
sobbing Negress. "H..Have m..mercy on me, I b..beg you."

      Ignoring her pleas, Rita moved her gloved left hand to the sobbing
blackgirl's vulnerable sex and, spreading apart the fat, bald cuntlips, prised
open its glistening red crack, pushed back the puffy folds of its hood and fully
exposed to view, the bloated stalk of the Negress's big swollen clitoris. The
badly swollen tickler, still tightly bound at its root, stuck out, stiffly, at
the Spaniard's beautiful face and we could see it throb, even at that distance.

      "Let os see joss how sensitive these beeg, fat cleet of yours ees, shall
we?" The flashing eyed Madam laughed and, licking her sensual lips, lecherously,
she moved her head forward and, thrusting out her tongue, she licked it around
the weeping Negress's swollen clitoris.

      The blackgirl gave a loud gasp and, involuntarily, thrust out her bulging
cunt at the Madam's face. Swiftly, the Spaniard opened her lips and sucked the
whole fat cunt into her greedy mouth. For some moments the white woman sucked
voraciously, on the Negress's cunt. Very quickly, to the Madams delight, the
squealing African began humping her fat twat at her lovely tormentors skilful
mouth.

      The Negress's pleasure did not last for long. Suddenly, her eyes popped
open wide and she resumed her shrieking. We soon saw why. The Spaniard's full
sensual lips opened and curled back and we saw, to every ones amusement, that
her sharp, white, even teeth, were biting, viciously, into the girl's stiff clit
and that Rita was gnawing at her badly swollen tickler. Next, the Spaniard
pulled on the girl's clit with her teeth and stretched it away from her cunt so
that her body swung foreword. Then, with her sharp, white teeth bared and still
biting into the Negress's abused clit, the spiteful Madam shook the black girl's
cunt like a terrier shakes a rat. Then, with one last spiteful nip on the
engorged tip, the wicked lady pulled her pretty face away and examined the
African's sex, closely.   

      Well! You can imagine what a noise the girl's shrieks made as they rang
out over the little settlement. While Rita bit on her clit the girl's mouth
gaped to its farthest extent, her throat open wide, the sinews in her neck stood
out like whipcords and her fully extended tongue, vibrated like a flag in a high
wind. That poor bitch really hit the high notes and the crowd loved it. Everyone
was indulging in some form of fucking, it was plain to see. Mostly lovers
mounting partners from the back. That way both parties could still watch what
was going on up on the dais. Not that they were restricting themselves to
couples. Some groups down below us had as many as a dozen people connected. But
none took their eyes off the show for more than a few seconds.

      Anyway, Madam Rita, gleefully, examined the girl's abused and badly
swollen cunt and when she was satisfied that it was sore enough, she continued
her enjoyable task.

      "Very good, Senorita." She leered up at the bitterly crying Blackgirl and
held up her gloved right hand so that the Negress could see the cruel, green
Nettles. "Now we weel hear you singing another merry leetle song. For now we
weel see how your beeg cleety reacts when I geeve eet a good and thorough
steengeen weeth thee Nettles, eh?"

      And to the delight of all the spectators, the Spaniard began, carefully
and lovingly, to rub the stinging nettles, all over and around the bloated
length of the shrieking blackgirl's hugely swollen and fully exposed clitoris.

      The young Negress's high pitched shrieks, once more, rang out loudly
across the crowded Square, but her splendid body, hung as it was, so painfully,
by her stretched and swollen breasts, and her full fleshed thighs, held so wide
and firmly apart, by Claire and Nina, could do nothing but shudder and shake,
while her burning belly and boiling buttocks twitched and jerked, franticly, as
the sadistic Spaniard, skilfully applied the Nettles to her defenceless cunt.

      The crowd loved the show and shouted lewd comments and vile encouragements
to the Madams, urging them on to even crueller excesses.

      When, at last, the thorough stinging of the Negress's cunt was completed,
Rita cast aside the used Nettles and took from her 'Box of Tricks', a small
glass jar and a long tweezers. Opening the jar carefully, she dipped in the
tweezers and took out a large insect that looked a bit like a Hornet. As the
Spaniard again approached her weeping victim, Madam Claire and Madam Nina pulled
the blackgirl's Nettled thighs apart and thrust her throbbing, naked pubes, out
towards their advancing colleague.

       "Another leetle geeft for you, Senorita." Leered Rita, holding the insect
up so the African could see it. "I'll jos eentroduce eet to your beeg cleet."

       "Oh, God, no! NO!" The girl blubbered, attempting, in vain, to struggle.

       "Oh, but yes! YES!" Giggled Rita. And leaning foreword, she applied the
angry insect to the bloated tip of the struggling Negress's badly swollen
clitoris.

        In a second, the wasp had pierced the girl's tortured tickler with its
sting.

        She threw back her lovely head, her distraught features with her
horrified, pitiful, eyes, bulging from her agonized face, and for one delightful
moment, looked straight at us. Then her mouth gaped wide open and she shrieked
to the sky.

       "YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAEEEEEEHH!"

       It was a delicious sound. I spurted my custard, yet again.

        She writhed on her line, legs pulled apart, thrusting out her tortured
cunt towards us, as if to get it as far from her as she could.     

       Throwing down the dying wasp and crushing it beneath her booted foot,
Rita took a scalpel from her Bolero pocket and cutting the twine, quickly
unbound the Negress's hugely swollen clit.

      The Madams laughed with delight as they eagerly watched the screaming
girl's poor, pain-racked clitoris, swell up even bigger than it was before. It
was now the size, shape, and colour of a medium sized tomato and it throbbed and
pulsed as if with a life of its own.

      The Spanish woman turned to the Royal Box and bowed, respectfully, to the
Duchess.

      "She ees amazingly responsive to theese kind of stimulation, my Lady."
Grinned the flashing eyed brunette, evilly. "Her cunt, she ees flowing like a
tap. She ees ready for thee Stake!"

      "Good!" Laughed the Duchess, her lovely face aglow with lecherous
anticipation. "Impale her!"

      At a signal from the Spaniard, the Madams holding the girl's legs dropped
their grip to her ankles and held them tightly. As the winch hummed into life
and her voluptuous, pain-racked body was swung up and into position, the
distraught Negress realised that she was being manoeuvred directly over the
fearful shaft. Suddenly, she understood, exactly, what the women intended to do
to her.

      "NNNOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!" She shrieked.

     I tell you, there was such horror in that scream that my hair nearly stood
on end and my cunt spasmed and spurt in another thrilling orgasm.

      "NO! NO! OH, PLEASE, NO! OH, DEAR GOD, SAVE ME! OH, GOD! NO! NOT THAT! NOT
THAT!" She shrieked with raising hysteria, as she struggled to free her arms and
tried, vainly, to twist her lower body away from the threatening shaft. "NOOOO!
NOO! PLEASE! OH, PLEASE GOD! OH, NO! OH, NO! MERCY! MERCY! PLEASE HAVE MERCY!

      Despite her frantic struggles, the Madams soon had the shrieking young
Negress positioned the way they wanted her. Crying bitterly, tears flowing down
her cheeks, the girl hung suspended by her stretched and swollen breasts,
directly over the red tip of the fearsome Stake. It's polished wooden shaft,
eight inches in diameter and thickly coated with clear Vaseline to help
lubricate its way, stood straight up between her legs, which were being brutally
pulled apart by the English and Swedish Madams and pointed its tapering tip,
right up at the swollen, gaping crack of the distraught blackgirl's displayed
and defenceless cunt.

      Another of the six Madams, a Chinese by the look of her, had mounted the
dais and approached the girl from the rear and, reaching up, gripped her full
hips to hold her steady.

      Madam Rita, who had discarded the gloves some moments before, lifted her
hands, once more, to the black girl's sex. Gripping the inner lips, which hung
out, swollen and red with Nettle rash, from the wet, red, cuntcrack, with the
fingers and thumbs of each hand, the Spaniard peeled the crack apart and,
cruelly, pulled the shrieking girl's gash wide open.

      "Right." The Spaniard called to the Madam controlling the winch. "We've
got her steady. Slowly now. Lower her down."

      The winch motor buzzed into life and the blackgirl's body dropped
downwards with a little jerk. The firmly held Negress, her big eyes bulging from
her head, gave out a terrified shriek and a great jet of piss spurted from her
gaping gash as she pissed herself with fear.

      "Fuck!" Cried Madam Rita, jumping back but maintaining her cruel grip on
the girl's stretched open cunt. "Hold on tight, girls! Keep a grip!"

       As the sobbing, blackgirl's piss gushed, furiously down, baptizing the
head of the Stake and splashing over the breasts, bellies and legs of the four
Madams, the delighted crowd howled with spiteful laughter. At last, the steaming
jet dwindled to a dribble and then stopped.

      "Right then!" Snarled the annoyed Spaniard, viciously yanking the bitterly
crying Negress's dripping cuntlips open, even more. "We weel continue! Lower the
beech down!"

      An excited silence once more fell over the lascivious scene. Even the
Negress's cries had dropped to a terrified, snivelling whimper, as if she could
not believe that they would really do it to her.

      "N...No! P..P..Please, n..no! P..Please God, n...no!" She moaned,
pitifully through broken sobbes.

      The only other sound to be heard was the low buzz of the winch as it
slowly lowered the helpless girl down.

      We were all leaning foreword, eager to see the point of connection. The
way the girl was hanging by her tits bent her shoulders backwards over her bound
arms and curved her rounded belly foreword, thrusting her bulging, bald cunt
out, prominently, from between her forcibly pulled apart thighs. This, and the
way the Spaniard stretched open her gaping cunt, made it easy for all to see.

      "Careful now." Rita cautioned, as the girl's cunt neared the rounded,
tapered tip. "Down a bit. Bit more. Gently now. NOW!"

      The Negress's body quickly dropped down the last few inches and the
Spaniard skilfully guided her stretched open gash, down over the first four
inches of the two inch diameter rounded tip of the greasy rubber spike.

      The touch of the spike tip slipping up her tortured twat, shocked the girl
into a futile violent struggle to free herself, screaming and franticly trying
to wriggle off the end of the Stake. But the Madams were ready for her and
forcefully held her steady over the fearful shaft.

      "NNOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!" Screeched the hysterical girl, hot tears of terror
splashing down her lovely, distraught face, as she tried to fight against the
Madam's firm grip.

      "Oh, yes!" Laughed Madam Rita, as she skilfully ensured that the first six
inches of the tapered rubber tip was fully embedded up the Negress's gaping
crack and that her swollen cuntlips were now settling down hard on the widening
diameter of the shaft. Over the next four inches of the shaft, the Stake's
'shoulders' spread out from two inches to its full eight inch diameter.

       "Yes! My black beauty." Rita leered up at the franticly struggling girl.
"Soon you weel be wreeggling like a worm on a peen."

       The Madam glanced across to her colleague controlling the winch.

      "Jeest a leetle faster now, Madam Elain." She cried.

      The motor buzzed a little quicker and the blackgirl drew a loud gasp
through her wide open mouth. The Spaniard released the girl's cuntlips so that
they sprang in and gripped the greased and tapered head and the Negress's body
slid down onto the top of the shaft.

      To our delight, we clearly saw that the girl's nettled and swollen cunt
was spreading out over the greased and tapered  tip and sliding down  the
widening shaft.

      "OH, GOD, NOOO! NOOOOOO! EEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAH! The young Negress shrieked
hysterically, as we gleefully watched her stretching cunt slide down over the
well lubricated tip and spread out, alarmingly, around the widening column.
"EEEEEEEAAH! I'M SPLITTING! I'M SPLITTING! I'M SPLITTING APART!

       The winch wire was now hanging a little lose, her stretched and swollen
tits were sagging a bit and her head and top half of her body was whipping,
violently, from side to side as she struggled, franticly, to stop her slide down
the Stake.

      It was so thrilling, my darlings! You should have seen it! You would have
creamed! It was as if I was having one long orgasm. I heard Bill shouting at my
side and I noticed another jet of spunk spurt out over the heads of the crowd,
but I couldn't tear my eyes away from the sight of that poor bitch's amazingly
distending twat.

       Then, as the weight of her shapely body was bearing down, heavily, on the
expanding shaft, her cunt seamed to reach the limit of its stretch and it
suddenly held her on what was about the four inch diameter mark on the widely
tapering point.

       Madam Rita quickly took in the situation. With rapid commands to the two
Madams pulling the girl's legs apart to "Hold her firm!" and to the woman on the
winch to "Take up the slack!", she moved to the Control Console and began
raising the great column up through the floor.

       As the Stake rose up, the crowd again roared with laughter. Well, the
Bitch looked so funny, perched up there like a Fairy on a Christmas tree. When
the column was raised to six feet, Rita called the sixth Madam, Rose, to join
her on the stage.

      Telling her colleague to assist Madam Nina, who was holding on to the
Negress's left leg, the Spaniard moved to her 'Tool Box" from which  she took
out four leather straps with strong steel clips on each end. Going back to the
screaming girl, she fastened the both ends of two of the straps on to each of
the cuffs around the girl's ankles. Going back to the Console, she raised the
Stake up to its full eight foot height, then she herself joined Madam Claire on
the blackgirl's right leg.

      The hysterical Negress now had her pretty, pink soled feet hanging about
five foot from the floor and the two Madams on each leg gripped the leather
loops attached to her ankles and pulled her shapely legs away from the Stake.
When they had taken the strain, the girl's legs were pulled taught and spread
apart at a wide angel.

      "Ready?" Called Rita, to her team. "Right! PULL!"




A Friend In Need. Chapter 13.



      "EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAH!"

       The blackgirl raised her head to the clear blue sky and gave a loud, long
shriek to the heavens.

      The Chinese, Madam May, was moving around, shouting words of encouragement
to her colleagues, while the four sweating Madams, now pulling down hard on the
girl's ankles, were drawing her legs down and away from the Stake. So we
spectators had an excellent view of the screaming girl's tortured cunt as it was
slowly stretched down over the sloping shoulders of the greasy column.

      "Heave! Heave! Pull! Pull!" Shouted the oriental as she synchronised the
vicious tugging of the hysterical Negress's legs. "Come on, girls! She's going!
Her cunt's opening up!"

      She was right, too. At that time, the shrieking blackgirl's abused cunt
had stretched open to about a six inch inner-diameter and it was still
expanding.

      "HOOOO! GOD! I'M SPLITTING! I'M SPLITTING!" Shrieked the Negress, as her
stretching cunt opened out to a seven inch bore. "NOOOO! NOOOOO! SAVE ME! OH,
GOD HELP ME! GOD HELP ME! NAAAAAAAAAAAA! AAAAAAH! AAAAH!"

       The crowd had gone quiet again and I swear I could hear the poor cow's
sinews stretching, I really could.

        Madam Rita called to the Chinese girl to take her place on their
victim's right leg and while the oriental was rapping the leather loop around
her wrist the Spaniard walked to the front of the Stake and looked up at the
screaming Negress's terribly dilated cunt.

       "Jeest a moment, girls." She called, stopping the women pulling down on
the blackgirl's ankles. "She ees opening out alright, but eet's getting more
difficult as she gets wider. Jeest an eench or so more and she'll sleep down
over the shaft. After that eet weel be easy. Wheech way can we do thees?"

       "Try pulling down on each leg, alternately." Called over Elaine from the
winch controls. "Yank down on one and then the other, in quick succession and
see what happens."

      "Good idea." The Spaniard agreed. "And I'll try sometheeng else, as well"

      Through out this conversation the young Negress continued to scream as the
four women kept up the tension on her expanded sex and Madam Rita again rummaged
through her Tool Box. Taking out some more leather straps she returned to the
Stake carrying a stepladder which she had taken from behind the big chest.

      "Thees belt has to go on her later, anyway." She explained to her
colleagues. "So I might as well use eet now."

      Climbing the ladder, the Madam quickly fastened a red leather belt,
matching the other straps they had used, around the girl's waist. When she had
finished we could all see that, attached to the sides of the belt, were two
loops of leather, about two feet long, which hung down on each side of the
Stake.

      Calling one girl from each of the Negress's ankles to assist her, Rita put
one of her booted feet into each of the hanging loops and, wrapping her arms
around the girl's upper body, she gripped the bases of the girl's now hanging
breasts, and stood up in the stirrups.

       "YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHH!!!! MY SEX!" Bellowed the Negress, as Madam Rita
put her full weight onto the loops.

         That full throated yell did it for me, again, and I once more spurted
my custard over the plastic covering of my seat. I was quite enjoying having my
bare bum slide around in that slippery mess, I can tell you. And I wasn't the
only one enjoying myself at that moment. The crowd roared its approval at the
cry and three hundred fucked and buggered women accompanied me by shooting their
juice.

       "EEEEEEEEEAAAAAA! GET OFF! PLEEEEASE! GET OFF MEEEE! AAAAAAAAH! MY SEX!
MY SEX! YOU'RE BUSTING MY SEX!" The blackgirl screamed, to the delight of the
crowd.

      "Eeet's not bust yet, Senorita." The Spaniard laughed, as she uncoupled
the winch clips off the young woman's lolling breasts and signalled for the wire
to be taken up. "We have a leettle way to go first."

      Madam Elaine, the woman who had been in control of the winch, took the
wire right up and shut off the motor. She now came forward to co-ordinate the
pulling.

      "Right, girls." She grinned, spitefully. "When I say 'Right Pull', you two
yank down real hard on your leg and when I say 'Left Pull' you two give a
fucking good tug on yours. O.K.?"

      "OH, PLEASE GOD! NOOOO!" The blackgirl screamed, on hearing the words.
"NO! NO! YAAAAH! AAAH! AAH!  NOOOO!"

       "Ready!" Called Elaine, as if to two teams. "Right leg first and then the
left. Right leg, PULL!"

        The two madams on the right leg, yanked down hard on their loops and at
the same time Rita jumped, full weight, on the loops hanging from the belt
around the girl's waist.

        "EEEEEEEEEEAAAAA!" Shrieked the Negress

       "YYYYYEEESS!" Screamed the crowd.

       And we all saw, quite clearly, that the girl's badly stretched cunt had
slid down on the right hand side of the tapered shaft.

       "Left leg, PULL!" Elaine shouted, eagerly.

       "NNAAAAARH! NAAAA! NAAA!" Screamed the blackwoman, hysterically, as the
two Madams tugged hard on the girl's left leg and the Spanish Madam jumped, her
full weight, again on the loops.

      "Right, PULL! Left, PULL! Right PULL! Left PULL! RIGHT! LEFT! RIGHT! LEFT!
RIGHT! LEFT!"

      "YAAAAAAAGH! EEEEEEEEAAA! NNAAAAA! NOOOO! AAAAAAAH!" The Negress shrieked
at every yank on her legs, as the Madam's synchronised pulling stretched her
cunt to the required eight inch diameter bore.

      "Come on, girls! Keep it up!" Called Elaine, excitedly. "She's nearly
there! All together now! PULL! PULL! PULL! PULL!"

       And with Rita jumping, her full weight, up and down on the looped
stirrups and the crowd cheering them on, the Madams forced the blackgirl's
grossly stretched cunt over the bottom of the taper and down over the full eight
inch diameter shaft of the mighty Stake.

       When her cuntlips slipped over the taper and down around the shaft, the
girl, supporting the Spaniards full weight on her hips, slid down, about six
inches, around the slippery column, with a sudden jerk.

      The girl's shrieks stopped, chocked off in her throat. All she could do
now was croak, grunt, groan and make choking, gasping noises.

       There was a great shriek of laughter from the crowd, which Bill and I
joined in with delighted enthusiasm.

      The poor girl struggled, feebly and groaned delightfully, but there was
nothing she could do. The head of the Stake was now well embedded up her cunt
and her wriggling only made matters worse. Or, from our point of view, better.

      Her eyes bulged from her lovely contorted face and her strangled cries
delighted us and, between these gasping groans we could even hear the wet,
sucking sounds made by her cunt as she sank lower over the greasy column. The
grossly stretched lips of her bulging bald twat completely encircled its great
girth and its rubber head sank deeper into her heaving belly.

      We could see that the inner lips of her sex had disappeared from view
inside her and the fat outer lips had stretched open, alarmingly, to accommodate
the great girth of the shaft. Which meant that her cunt had now opened out to
the required eight inch diameter bore. The only other part of her cunt that
could still be seen, was her throbbing, tomato sized clitoris, which still
protruded, quivering amusingly.                                       

       Rita, having called for the ladder and climbed down, moved to the control
console and pressed a few buttons. The African drew in a long, loud, shuddering
gasp as, to the crowd's delight, the Spaniard inflated the Stake's rubber head
just enough to stop the girl toppling off the top of the column. Now, she was
fixed firmly to the top and, as if to prove the point, Rita ordered the four
Madams to release the girl's legs from the straps and stand away. 

      As soon as they were freed, the squealing Negress began a frenzied
scissoring of her legs, franticly trying to grip the greasy column with her
shapely calves and thighs, but it was all in vain. The greasy pole on which she
sat was far too slippery. Her legs slid around the post and her toes and the
pretty pink soles of her feet slipped off the shaft when she tried to use them
to lift her body off its peak, plunging her terribly distended cunt down, even
harder, around the fearfully thick girth.

      Seeing that the bitterly crying young blackwoman was so firmly fixed,
Madam Rita retracted the Stake back into the floor, until the girl's toes were
just about a foot off the stage.

      The crowd roared with laughter and applause. The Negress looked so funny
sitting there on top of her pole and, of course, now that it had nothing to grip
on, her dreadfully dilated cunt slid, more quickly, down around the thick,
slippery shaft. Then the Spaniard withdrew the column into its base until the
girl's toes were only three or four inches off the floor.

      To add to the girl's dilemma, Rita pressed a button that made the whole
column vibrate, furiously.

       The young Negress gave a high pitched, anguished scream and her
wriggling, sweat-soaked body slipped, quickly down over the Stake until her
pretty, pink toes, at last, touched the ground.

      Holding herself stiff legged and on tip-toes, the hysterical girl tried,
frantically, to raise her shuddering body off the shaft. Her amusing wriggling
and writhing brought delighted laughter from her lecherous audience.

      The giggling Spaniard pressed more buttons on the console and the
Negress's shrieks died in her throat. Lifting her lovely head up in surprised
alarm, her full lipped mouth opened wide with a loud gasp.

      The crowded Square grew silent with hushed quriosity. The girl started to
groan and, suddenly realizing what it was that Rita was doing to her, the crowd
again roared with laughter. The cruel Spaniard was making the head of the Stake,
embedded as it was, deep in the girl's belly, to swell up like a big ball.

      "NNAAAAAAAAAAAAGGGHH!"  Screamed the girl, crying bitterly. "I'M GOING TO
BUIRST! OH, GOD! AAAAAAAAGGHH! DEAR GOD, SAVE ME!
AAAAAAAAGGH-AAAAAAAAGGH-YAAAAAAAAAH! MY BELLY'S GOING TO BURST!"

      Oh! It was delightfull! I felt really vicious! Not only was the poor
Slut's cunt being stretched right open, but know we all could see, quite
clearly, that her belly was swelling up, too.

      Out and out her belly bulged, until she looked as if she was twelve months
pregnant. Remember too, the furious vibrations of the shaft and you can imagine
how it must have felt.

      When the Spaniard had inflated the Negress's belly to maximum, the girl
had, once more, been lifted off her feet and her pretty pink toes had been drawn
up three or four inches off the floor.

      Madam Rita moved in front of her and, stooping down, the lovely brunette
made a careful examination of the blackgirl's cunt.

      "No sign of spleeting, here. She stretch good." The Madam called to her
colleagues. "How she look at the back?"

       The Oriental squatted down behind the impaled young woman and, gripping
her rounded buttocks in her hands, she pulled the big, quivering, brown arse
cheeks, apart.

      "No splits back here, either. She's stretched beautifully!" The Chinese
girl answered in a well bread English accent. "Her arsehole is bulging a lot,
though. My! What a pouter!"

      "We weell see to that in a moment." Laughed the Spaniard, standing up
straight and looking the weeping blackgirl in the eyes. "I weell have a word
weeth thee 'stuck up' beetch."

      As the crowd laughed, Rita glanced down at the Negress's cunt. The swollen
lips of the girl's stretched sex encircled the Stake like a black rubber
inner-tube and the only internal flesh still exposed, was her terribly swollen
red clitoris, which was pressed against the greasy shaft. The Madam looked back
at the girl's tearful face.

      "Are you seeting comfortably, Senorita?" The Spaniard inquired, sweetly.
"Tell us, how doss it feel to be fucked by shotsh a beeg preeck? Ees eet nice?"

      Leering at the gasping, weeping blackgirl, Rita reached out her hands and,
gripping one of her victim's stretched and swollen breasts in her left hand, she
squeezed and twisted its big, congested nipple with the fingers and thumb of her
right. The girl, again, squealed in pain.

      "Come on, Senorita." The Spaniard urged, stretching the swollen, walnut
sized nipple, three or four inches away from its base. "Tell us. How ees your,
great, beeg cunt feeling? Full, eh?"

      The girl opened her lovely mouth as if to speak, but the only sound that
passed her full lips was a choked, inarticulated gurgling and her pink tongue
protruded from her mouth as if she was being throttled.

      "Ah! Too full for words, eh?" The brunette leered. "Well, Senorita, let
oss see eef I can threel you some more."

      And, dropping the blackgirl's tit, the Madam reached out with her right
hand, gripped her big swollen tickler between finger and thumb and began milking
it, vigorously.

      The young Negress threw back her lovely head and began snorting and
squealing like a Sow being slaughtered. We were all amused and delighted to see
her reaction. It proved that the drugs they had given her had ensured that, even
at this stage of her punishment, the girl could still be aroused and sexually
stimulated.

     While the Spaniard displayed her skill at masturbating the girl, the
Swedish Madam, Nina, left the dais to quickly return with a very tall, handsome 
and muscular young man, dressed in a lose, dark robe.

      Once on the platform, the blonde giant (For his hair was as fair as June's
here and he was, I am sure, almost seven foot tall.), was soon stripped of his
robe by the Madams. As the robe was tossed aside, the crowd gave a roar of
delight.

      Well, my eyes were popping out of my head, I can tell you. You should have
seen that lad's prick! It was huge! You know, my Bill here has a big one, hasn't
he? Well, this one was even bigger than his. The Duchess 'showed it off' to me
later. (The boy, a Swede like Nina, was one of her current Studs.) His prick
was, she told me, naturally huge to start with, but she had had it, surgically
modified, or 'Enhanced' as she put it. It was now; she took pleasure in
explaining, fifteen inches long and a massive four inches in diameter.

      And, that day up on the platform, it wasn't soft or droopy, either. It was
standing straight up, stiff, against his flat belly and ready for action.

He had a beautiful big pair of balls, too, hanging down his thighs. Fuck! He
looked 'Scrumptious'! I almost envied the poor black bitch. Almost.

      The Madams took him to stand in front of the impaled blackgirl and
displayed his massive cock to her. As soon as Nina started to grease the great
Yard with Vaseline, the terrified wide eyed Negress and we the audience, knew
exactly what was going to be done to her.

      Madam Rita moved to the control console and raised the Stake until the
blackgirl's pretty pink toes were a foot off the floor and then turned it until
she was sideways on to the Duchess. We in the 'Royal Box' all had a great
profile view of the sobbing young Negress's great, round arse and her huge
bulging belly.

      The Madams lead the young giant to stand behind the girl and, trying to
look back over her shoulder to see just what was happening, she started to cry
with fear and try to struggle and thrash around.

      It did her no good.

      Two of the Madams, one standing each side, each took a grip on one of the
girl's big black buttocks and, pulling her cheeks apart, exposed to all, her
pouting, wrinkled anus.

      The blackgirl's arsehole was bulging out, obscenely and Nina gave it a
good coating of the clear grease, inside and out, and all was ready.

      Madam Rita took hold of the excited giant's huge prick in her fist and,
giggling with cruel delight, the beautiful Spaniard placed its massive knob,
firmly, against the crying Negress's waiting arsehole.

      Fixing his eyes on the point of connection, the beautiful young man,
trembling with barely controlled lust, gripped the blackgirl's soft, round
shoulders with his large, powerful hands, shuffled foreword and, placing his
feet in the loops hanging from the girl's belt, stood in the stirrups and added
his full and considerable weight onto the Negress's hips.            The girl's
head shot up.

    "YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAGH!" She bellowed.

     And we all saw her sweat coated body sink another six inches down on the
Stake. It would seem that, rather than sinking farther up into her body, the
presser of the shaft was now pressing on the Stakes inflated head and expanding
the girl's already, extremely swollen belly.

       "YUUUUULK! YUUUUUULK!" She croaked, her pink tongue protruding,
alarmingly from her gaping mouth as she tried to speak and gasp for air at the
same time.

       We were all laughing and the crowd jeering as, while Madam Elaine went to
the Console and raised it once more, until the Negress's feet were two foot off
the floor, the young giant positioned himself, crouched in the stirrups, over
the blackgirl's back.  Huge as he was, he dwarfed the impaled blackgirl, like
some great, white Spider with a Bluetailed fly. Both, now with their feet well
off the ground, his in the loops and here's hanging each side of the shaft, were
about to dance a little jig for us.

     Thrusting his hips foreword until his astounding prick was standing
parallel to the Stake and pointing straight up between the groaning Negress's
big, round and well greased arsecheeks, the giant steadied himself for the
thrust.

     Madam Rita, still holding the huge knob pressed against the weeping girl's
big, bulging bumhole, was also excitedly watching the point of contact.

     "Ready, beeg boy?" She asked, and at his eager nod she cried.     "NOW! RAM
EET UP HER ARSE!"

      With a great shout of lust, the young giant, thrusting down in the loops
with his feet, straitened his muscular legs and rammed his immense, greased
cock, upward at the blackgirl's defenceless arsehole. As he thrust his feet down
in the stirrups, the belt to which they were attached, firmly pulled her
defenceless arse, down hard, onto his upward lunging shaft.  Plunging his great
prick right into the girl's greased and already well stretched and slackened
anus, he embedded his rigid shaft, with one swift stroke, to its root, in her
boiling bowels.

      The shit spurted from her suddenly expanded ring.

      "NAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAGGHH!" She roared, throwing back her lovely head.

      With the full length of his mighty cock completely engulfed up the girl's
big arse, the young stud paused a moment with his muscular torso pressed against
her soft and shapely back, savouring the delightful sensation of her hot, soft,
shit packed innards, clenching convulsively around his pulsing prick. Then, with
his handsome face twisted into a mask of lust, the tall Apollo slowly drew back
his hips and pulled his rigid Yard out of the stretched and swollen lips of the
shrieking Negress's clutching, pouting asshole.

      Oh, it looked so pretty! His great, smooth, white shaft, moving so
smoothly between the girl's big, black buttocks. It was quite beautiful, in a
way.

      Anyway, he withdrew his cock until only his huge knob remained inside, the
stretched, shit smeared lips of her anus, clenching tightly under its flange.
Then he started sliding it in and out of her, quicker and quicker, until he was
bumfucking her, vigorously. The heavy, downward thrusts of the giant's feet on
the leather belt loops, firmly pulled the buggered blackgirl's ravaged arse,
down hard, onto the savage, upward thrusts of his rigid shaft.

      The girl was screaming in protest, but her anguished shrieks only seemed
to excite her rapist more. He reached around her and gripped her stretched and
badly swollen breasts, still tightly bound, and began kneading them, cruelly, in
his strong, large hands.

      Madam Rita, who had been watching the amusing entertainment with an evil
smile on her lovely red lips, once more moved to the control Console. The
beautiful Spaniard started the Stakes mighty shaft, pistoning up and down and,
carefully matching the strokes to the tempo of the giant's thrusts, fucked the
shrieking blackgirl's grossly distended cunt in synchronized rhythm with the
violent reaming of her rectum.

      The inflated ball in her swollen belly, ensured that the young woman could
not be impaled any more than she was already, but the swiftly pistoning column
made her bounce, vigorously, up and down the shaft. As the Negress shrieked,
hysterically, the giggling Spaniard speeded the strokes of the pistoning Stake
until the girl's terribly stretched cunt was sliding up and down, around the
greasy shaft at an ever increasing rate.

      Next, Rita took a sharp toothed spring-clip that was attached to a long
electric lead from the control Console and clamped it, cruelly, onto the
blackgirl's hugely swollen clitoris and left it hanging on her bloated tickler.

      The blonde giant, shouting his lust and gripping the girl tightly by her
swollen tits, had to increase the speed of his thrusts to keep time with the
bouncing of her body. Faster and faster, his great prick flashed, smoothly,
between the round, brown cheeks of her big, juddering bum. Faster and faster, he
pumped its full length and thick girth, in and out, in and out, of her grossly
distended arsehole. He curled back his lips and ground his teeth and buggered
the blackgirl, furiously.

      Suddenly, he threw back his handsome head and gave a loud shout. He was
about to 'shoot his muck'!

      Madam Rita pressed a switch on the Console, which flashed an electric
shock through the girl's swollen clitoris, triggering a drug induced sexual
climax which made the Negress's big arse, shake violently and her shit filled
rectum, clench and milk on the young giant's convulsing cock.

      The blackgirl's beaded hair stood straight up on her head and, with her
lovely mouth open wide, she gave one last fearful shriek, her abundant
cunt-custard flowing down the Stake, just as the young giant, bellowing like a
bull, shot his boiling spunk into her shit packed bowels.

      After that, it was all over quite quickly. The Spaniard kept the electric
current shooting through the Negress's big tickler until the girl's arsehole had
milked the giant's bollocks dry. Then she slowed the Stakes movements to a halt,
retracted the shaft until the girl's feet touched the floor and turned it off.

      The Negress slumped on the shaft and the big man stepped down from the
stirrups and backed away from her, withdrawing the thick, pink hose of his
softening cock from the girl's bowels. It slipped out of her gaping, grossly
dilated arsehole with a loud, wet 'plop' and hung, like a great, fat, oily pink
slug, dangling to his knees and dribbling spunk and shit. He staggered away,
helped by two Madams, acknowledging the applause of the delighted crowd, as he
went.

      Madam Rita lifted the Negress's head. Although the girl was completely
exhausted, she was, amazingly, still quite conscious. The Spaniard gave the girl
a sweet and cruel smile and, waved a signal to Elaine, who was once more
controlling the winch. Moving her hands over the Consoles controls, the Spaniard
quickly deflated the head of the Stake and we all saw the blackgirl's big belly
relax and shrink back to something nearer its normal size. Then the winch motor
buzzed back into life and the pulley line dropped down and Rita attached it to
the clips on the blackgirl's tightly bound tits.

      "Oh, God, no! Please don't do this again!" Screamed the Negress in alarm.

      "Shut thee fuck up!" The Spaniard snapped, unclipping the wire off the
girl's clit. "How else do we get you off thee Stake? You stupeed cunt!"

      And she signalled Elaine to take her up.

      The wire tightened and lifted the badly swollen globes of the girl's
breasts up into the air and pulled them tight. The Negress's eyes shot open and
bulged from her head. She gave a loud gasp and, to our delight, the winch
started to pull her up and, stretching her breasts, draw her sweat soaked body
off the thick shaft of the Stake.

      Lifted by her abused breasts, the screaming girl's body was drawn up the
column of the Stake, with a loud sucking sound and pulled off the top with a big
'PLOP'. Her cunt being almost pulled inside out, in the process.

      Quickly lowered into the arms of the waiting Madams, they carried her to
the edge of the dais and, pulling her legs open wide, her grossly stretched cunt
and arsehole were proudly displayed to the delighted Duchess and to the
laughing, jeering crowd. Then she was carried to a ambulance and driven away.




A Friend In Need. Chapter 14.



      There was complete silence in the bright, sunlit room. Around the table
the guests had been listening, spellbound. Their handsome host and George were
both pumping their fists up and down the stiff columns of their pricks as they
watched Celia, intently.

      Dolly also watched her friend, flushed faced, she too was masturbating,
fingering her cunt, vigorously.

      "That was a fantastic story. Ceel." Cried the naked brunette, licking her
sensual lips, lasciviously. "What happened to the girl? Did they kill her?"

      "Oh, no!" Laughed the lovely Authoress, as she violently fingered the
slurping cunt of the gasping young woman sitting next to her. "She got nothing
as easy as that, I assure you. The girl had been the plaything of the Duke and
he and the Duchess had an agreement that each of them could use the other's
lovers, if they so wished. The Duchess had a letch for the girl, but the girl
had spurned her. That had been the biggest mistake of her life. As I said
before, you don't cross that woman and get away with it!"

      Here Celia pulled June off her chair and onto her full fleshed, left
thigh, so the sweat-soaked girl was sitting, splay-legged, before her.  Holding
the blonde's soft, warm, naked body, firmly against her own, the lecherous
redhead continued her vigorous handling of the young Mother's cunt.

       "Oh, no. The Duchess wanted her alive, so that the black bitch could
remember all the things that they did to her that day. Also, she wanted the
girl's punishment to continue!"

      She leered around the table and went on.

      "The Duchess explained to me what had happened to her, later, when I told
her how much we had enjoyed the show. She, the Duchess I mean,  had the woman
shipped to some Arab country. To some big, luxury brothel out there. A place
that specialized in coupling animals with 'unwilling' girls. That is not as easy
as it sounds, by the way. It's a very rare and well trained animal that will
rape a woman or girl who is making a fuss about it. Even if she is strapped
down. Any way, she made this place a gift of the girl, along with a substantial
monetary payment for as long as they kept her alive and on condition they
guaranteed that the girl would get a thorough, hard and regular raping by their
most virile and vigorous 'performers'. These being Dogs, Goats, Pigs, Donkeys,
Jackasses and even Stallions."

       "It must be quite a show!" Laughed George.

        "I'm sure it is." Celia chuckled. "I'd love to see it. Perhaps we could
take a trip out there in a few months, Darling. I know the Duchess would give us
a letter of introduction. She gets a Video Tape of the 'shows' every few weeks,
so she can see for herself that the girl is still getting it 'Hot and Strong'.

      "And you say that you've got one of these 'Stake' contraptions here?"
Asked Dolly, with interest.

      "Oh, yes." Confirmed Celia. "Bill made it, himself. He's very good with
mechanical things, as you know. It's not quite as big as the one on the island,
mind you, but disobedient girls still dance a merry little jig on it, when they
sit on its tip."

      "How very interesting." Said Dolly, licking her lips and giving a sidelong
leer at June.

      "Yes, isn't it?" Celia chuckled, evilly, as she squeezed the buxom young
blonde's ample charms, voluptuously, against her own soft, warm, naked curves.
"Dolly, if you and the boys could clear away the table, we can continue with Mrs
Bending's punishment."

      Dolly and the men quickly jumped up and started carrying the things off
the table, into the kitchen.

      "Just put the dishes into the dishwasher." The redhead called out, as she
cleverly maintained June's high arousal with her skilful fingering of the girl's
big clitoris. The stiffened stalk of which stood out, peeled and naked, pulsing
and throbbing under the lustful lady's continuous masturbation. "Hurry! I think
she's about ready."

      Soon, everything was cleared away, the polished wooden tabletop was empty
and all the chairs, except the one Celia sat upon, were placed against the wall.
June's ample, naked bum was sat upon the redhead's full, plump thigh and, as the
older woman lewdly and insistently frigged the groaning young Wife and Mother,
Dolly and the two men stood staring at them with looks of eager anticipation on
their lustful faces.

      The young blonde's big, soft buttocks, wriggled restlessly on Celia's
full, naked thigh, spreading and sliding in the thick, slippery cunt juice that
flowed in abundance from her gaping crack and all over the redhead's shapely
leg. As the heavily breathing Novelist's four fingers worked swiftly and deeply
in and out of the squealing girl's highly agitated cunt, June's lovely head lay
against the older girl's soft, freckled shoulder. Blushing, she gazed out from
under lust-heavy lids with her big, blue, tearful, apprehensive eyes, at the
leering brunette and the two rutting men with their throbbing, rampant pricks,
who stood sneering at her with a strange, excited expectation.

      "How do you feel, after that meal, Mrs Bending?" Asked Celia, innocently.
"Full, I trust?"        

      "Yes. Yes th....thank you." 	The young blonde stammered. "Quite
full."

      "Well now." The lovely Authoress laughed, slyly. "Is there anything else
you would like to do, before I start smacking that big bum of yours again? I'm
sure there is!"

      "No! No, there is nothing!" The younger woman cried, blushing with shame
while tears brimmed again in her big, blue eyes.

      "Nothing, eh?" Leered the redhead. "Well, let's try this then."

      The lecherous lady slipped her wet fingers out of the horrified blonde's
twat, slid them down between the girl's juice coated buttocks, and, with her
middle finger, probed tentatively, at her tightly puckered arsehole.

      "Oh, no! No! Please! Don't do that!" June begged, biting her lower lip
between her even white teeth and bowing her lovely head in shame.

      "Why ever not?" Asked Celia in mock surprise.

      "Be cause....." June started to blurt, but stopped in mid sentence.

      "Yes?" Asked the redhead, probing her greasy fingertip a little deeper
into the blushing young Mother's twitching anus.

      "Because I need to go to the toilet!" June groaned, tears of shame once
again running down her red flushed cheeks.

      "Well, of course you do!" Laughed their hostess, moving her hand from
between the girl's hot thighs and gently brushing aside a strand of corn blonde
hair from her flushed, tearstained cheek. "You must do. You see, Mrs Bending,
it's all because of that first course I fed you for lunch. You remember? That
sweet pasty stuff? I told you it was special. It goes straight through the
system 'like grease through a goose', as the saying goes. It absorbs all the
liquid you drink (And I did see to it that you drank a lot, didn't I?), then,
mixed with your waste, it swells right up, until your belly and bowels are
packed full of 'poo poo'. Then it starts to try to force its way out."

      The beautiful redhead smiled, sweetly, at the lovely girl she was cuddling
on her lap.

      "And that is what you are feeling right now, isn't it, my dear?" She
smiled, knowingly.

      The young blonde cried like a frightened child, knowing in her heart that
she would soon be subjected to some horrifying humiliation.

      Celia looked up at her Husband and her two other guests and leered,
lasciviously.

      "Bill, darling." She cooed to the tall Sculptor. "I think you should set
up the cameras, Sweetheart. You are going to get some great shots out of this."

      On hearing the Authoress's words, June started to cry like a beaten
schoolgirl.

      "Waaaaa-aaaah-aaah-aah!" She blubbered. "Oh, God, no-oooo-ooooooo!
Waaa-aaaaaah-aaaaaaaaaah!"

      As the blonde cried like a baby and the laughing redhead cuddled,  groped
and felt her soft, voluptuous body in a most lewd and obscene manner, Dolly and
George helped Bill carry in a number of large flood-lights, which the tall, good
looking, Sculptor carefully arranged around the table. This done, he brought in
three expensive Video Cameras and a Still-camera. Setting up two of the
Camcorders on tripods at strategic positions at the front of the table, he
handed the Still-camera to George and took up the third Camcorder to use
hand-held.

      "Right." Bill said to his wife, critically eyeing up the position of the
cameras with satisfaction. "We are all ready when you are, my dear."

      "Good." Grinned Celia, quivering with barely controlled excitement. "Come,
my dear. It's time for your dirty display."

       Rising off her seat, she pushed the crying June off her lap and led her
to stand in the bright light before the cameras.

      "Dolly, Darling." The Authoress Smiled to her friend. "In that top draw in
the cupboard, there are a couple of items I think you and I should wear. Get
them out for us, there's a Sweetie."

      Opening the draw, Dolly took out two satin half-faced masks beautifully
decorated with rhinestones and feathers. Grinning at June, she handed the
Emerald Green mask to Celia and put on the Cardinal Red one herself. It covered
the top half of her face, leaving only the evil glitter of her eyes showing
through its almond shaped slits.

      Likewise, Celia donned the green mask, ensuring the she and the lovely
brunette would not be recognised in any of the, soon to be shot, photos or
films.	

      Indicating to Dolly to stand on the other side of the loudly weeping young
woman, she called to her husband.

     "Start the Video cameras now Bill." She leered. "And George. You get some
Still Shots of us girls together, before Mrs Bending starts her Pretty
performance."

      The cameras clicked into life and the two older, naked women, ignoring the
snivelling protests of the crying young Wife, began posing lewdly, on either
side of the weeping girl.

      As the minuets passed, so the actions of the two laughing women grew
lewder and more obscene. They abused and molested the tearful young wife while
posing and placing her in the most obscene positions their perverted minds could
think of.

     Suddenly the buxom young woman gave a cry and clutched her hands to her
rounded belly.

      "Oh, oh!" Laughed Celia. "We had better hurry it up. We'll take one more
shot before we start. Turn around, Mrs Bending. Stick out your fat arse to the
camera and round it, prettily. That's it. Now look back over your shoulder at
the camera so that everyone will be able to see your pretty face."

      When the two women were satisfied with the girl's lascivious pose, they
bent forward and each placed a hand on one of the sobbing girl's big, rounded
arsecheeks. Gripping the soft globes firmly with their fingers, they leered
lecherously at the camera and pulled the fleshy buttocks wide apart, exposing
the weeping girl's pouting, pink arsehole to the world.

      The flash, flashed, and the shutter clicked a number of times and the
obscene picture was preserved for posterity. Standing, Celia gave the sobbing
girl a hard slap on one fat arsecheek, making her jump up with a loud squeal.

      "Right, now you." Leered the flushed redhead, shaking with excitement.
"Get and stand on the table, double quick!"

      June scrambled quickly onto the chair and then climbed up onto the table,
where she stood, sobbing helplessly and trying to shade her tearful eyes from
the pitiless glair of the floodlights.

      Having moved the chair 'out of frame', the two older women moved in closer
to the table and leered up at the buxom, naked blonde.

      "Come and stand here, near the edge, Mrs Bending." Said the Authoress,
slapping her hand down on the table edge nearest the cameras.

      June moved, carefully to the designated spot.

      "Now turn around and point that lovely big bum of yours at the cameras."
Celia continued, sneering maliciously, as she watched the weeping young Wife and
Mother submissively obey every command. "Good, now squat down on your heels like
a frog."

      Shaking her head, the Authoress 'tut tutted' impatiently. "No, no! Get
your feet farther apart. That's it. Yes, that's right. Now put your arms down
between your legs and support yourself on your fingers. Excellent! Just hollow
your back and raise your fat arse up a bit. That's lovely! Now look back over
your shoulder so that the camera can see your pretty face.

      The beautiful weeping blonde hurriedly obeyed the redhead's depraved
instructions, 'to the letter' and dutifully assumed the shameful pose. Looking
back at the camera, she saw the tall sculptor make last minuet adjustments to
his lens, then, peering leeringly at her around the Sony, he threw her a
lecherous, tongue-flicking kiss.

      "Perfect!" Celia cried with enthusiasm, as she looked through a camera to
see the pose from that angle. "Oh, what an arse you do have, Mrs Bending!"

      Chuckling excitedly, the lovely lady hurried to the side of the room and
returned to the table carrying a large, shining white, china soup dish.  Placing
the dish down on the table top, she and Dolly carefully positioned it beneath
the squatting young blonde's poised and suspended arse.



      June bent her lovely head foreword and looked down between her thighs at
the object the two older women had placed there. She gave a great sob and a
groan of shame as she realised its purpose. Looking quickly back over her
smooth, bare shoulder, at the grinning hostess, her pretty face flushed with
horrified understanding and her big blue eyes filled with hot tears of
humiliation.

       "Please! Please, Mrs Pain." She begged, crying like a baby. "Don't make
me do this."

       "Oh, yes, Mrs Bending. I most certainly will!" Laughed Celia, shaking
with excitement. "And we'll be watching. Everything. The Men, too. And we'll be
taking photographs and film. So you, and others, will be able to see just what
you looked like."

      June closed her beautiful eyes and shuddered with revulsion. "Oh, God!"
She sobbed, shaking her lovely head. "No! No! I couldn't do that! I won't! I
just couldn't!"

      "Well then." Celia replied with a sly smile. "We'll just have to help
things along a little, won't we?"

       This time she brought a small bottle and spoon to the table and, handing
the bottle to Dolly, the grinning Authoress held the spoon while the brunette
carefully filled it with a good measure of the liquid which the bottle
contained. Then, moving close to the horrified blonde, the giggling redhead
gripped the helpless girl by her pretty nose.

      "Open wide." Celia cried, pinching the young wife's nose between finger
and thumb and pulling it upward. "That's the way." She chuckled, as the blonde's
lovely mouth was forced to open. "In she goes." And she pushed the brimming
spoonful right into the girl's mouth and tilted its contents down her throat.

      The squatting girl gulped and spluttered, and it was done.

      Quickly, the women disposed of the bottle and spoon and hurried back to
their weeping victim. They did not have to wait long.

      As they watched the squatting girl, intently, her lovely face slowly took
on a look of horror and she groaned with shame.

      "Oh, God!" She cried out in alarm. "Oh, God. Please, Mrs Pain! Quickly!
Quickly! Let me use the lavatory. Pleeeeease!"

      "Oh, no, Mrs Bending." Laughed Celia, shaking with excitement. "You will
shit on that plate. And you will do it in front of us all."

      "AAAAAAAHG! Oh, God. NO!" June groaned, her pretty face contorted with
shame.

      "Yes! Yes! You dirty Slut!" Dolly shouted, her eyes alight with cruel
excitement. "SHIT! SHIT ON THE PLATE!"

      The girl groaned again and turned her head away.

      "AND KEEP FACING THE FUCKING CAMERA!" Celia screamed at her with a snarl
of rage. "We are wearing masks, but all who see this show, will see your face.
All who know you, will recognize you. All who see it and meet you in the future
will remember you, and your gross exhibition."

      Fearfully, the buxom, naked, squatting young Mother, turned her tearful
face and looked back over her plump, white shoulder at the four leering faces
that were watching her so avidly.

      The eyes of the four libertines were shinning with lustful excitement as
they gazed with cruel delight at the lascivious sight before them.

      Squatting there, so lewdly, on the table, the beautiful blonde's pale,
fulsome, curvaceous, naked body seemed over ripe with fleshy voluptuousness. Her
soft, pink toes and feet, the full roundness of her calves, her dimpled knees
and full, soft thighs, her plump back, shoulders and arms and, most of all, the
superb globes of her soft, white, rounded and arrogantly thrusting arsecheeks.
All these goodies trembled, deliciously, as the weeping young woman shuddered
with deep shame and burning humiliation.

      "Look at those beautiful big bumcheeks." Sighed Bill. "Aren't they
fabulous?"

      "Fuck me! Yes!" Answered Dolly, drooling. "So big and round and soft and
white".

      "Oh! God! NO! NO!" The snivelling girl cried out, suddenly. "It's
happening! I can't stop it! Ooooooh! God!!!!!!!"

      "Look!" Cried Celia. "Look at her asshole".

      The girl's wrinkled, pink anus was pouting and twitching, violently.

      Suddenly, with all eyes fixed on her arsehole, June let out a great,
rasping fart.

      The watchers roared with laughter.

      "AAAAAAH! NO! OH, NO!" The squatting girl groaned. "OH, GOD! AAAAAAH! OH!"

      "Ooooooooooo! Yuck! Ooooooooowww!" Drooled Dolly in mock disgust. "Yuck!
Look at that!"

      The wrinkled rosette of the girl's arsehole was bulging right out from
between her smooth, white, round buttocks, and it's pink lips were expanding,
alarmingly.

      Suddenly, it opened right out and a huge, fat, brown turd slid slowly out
into the world.

      "Aaaaaaaaah! Look!" Drooled Celia, amid the delighted laughter of her
friends. "She's giving birth again."

      "AAARH. NNUNGH. OHHH. NNNUGH." June grunted, as more and more of the
great, dark brown sausage, oozed out of her distended arsehole. "OOOH. I can't
help it. I can't help it." She sobbed, with shame.

      "Oh, shut up and shit, you dirty bitch." Dolly squealed, delightedly, her
lovely red lips twisted into a pout of lust. "Fuck me, Celia, look at that turd!
I've never seen anything like it. It must be two and a half inches thick!"

      "That's the mixture I fed her at lunch. It's always the same. There's such
a lot of it." Leered Celia, her eyes like blazing green fire, avidly drinking in
the grossly obscene spectacle. "Look at the length of that turd. And it's still
coming out!"

      "NUUUGH. AAAGH. NNUGH. YYUUGH." The sound of June's grunts mingled with
the sound of the other women's laughter, as the lovely, naked young blonde
strained, red in the face, to eject the long, fat sausage from her full packed
bowels.

      The huge turd was now protruding about eight inches out of the bulging
lips of the grunting girl's greatly expanded anal ring.

      "Doesn't she look cute?" Dolly laughed. "What a picture that will make.
That big bum of her's looks just like the face of Sir Winston Churchill smoking
his big cigar."

      As they watched, the 'big cigar' lengthened before their eager eyes and
its weight made it droop downward towards the waiting dish.

      "With it hanging down like that, it looks like she's doing the Indian Rope
Trick, to me!" George chuckled.

      Just then, the huge sausage slipped out of the squatting girl's arsehole
and dropped with a 'Plop' onto the soup plate, where it lay steaming.

      "Well done! Perfect shot!" Cried Bill, amidst loud applause from the rest
of the audience. "Oops! Look out! More to come!"

      He was right. The weeping June's arsehole bulged open again and a second
turd, as big as the first, came sliding out.

      "Oh, yes! We'll have a lot more yet!" chuckled his wife.

      "Well, darling," The handsome Sculptor replied, with a grin. "Perhaps you
should have used a bucket instead of that dish!"

      While the four libertines laughed, the second turd dropped from the
weeping girl's pouting anus and landed on the plate, where it lay, steaming,
beside the first. These were soon joined by two more, which quickly oozed from
the straining young woman's rectum.

      "Come Dolly." Said Celia, adjusting her face mask. "Let's see if we can
assist Mrs Bending with her task. She seams to be having such a struggle."

      "Oh, God! NO!"  The shamed and humiliated young Mother shrieked, her big,
tearful, blue eyes 'popping' with alarm as the two older women moved in on her
from behind. "Please! Don't touch me! Don't touch me! Not when I'm like this!
Oh, God! NO! NO!"

      Leering and licking their lips, suggestively, at the video cameras, Celia
and Dolly closed in on June's beautiful, raised and offered bum. Crooning and
drooling with delight, the two lecherous women turned their shining eyes onto
the gross spectacle before them and, bringing their beautiful faces close to the
sobbing girl's spread and rounded arse, they each placed a hand on one of her
smooth, white, arsecheeks, and ran their fingers, admiringly, over the firm,
velvety, globes.

      "Oh, God! Oh, God!" Sobbed the buxom young blonde, as she thrilled with
the burning humiliation of the obscene and shameful assault.

      "AAAAH! How deliciously dirty!" Sighed Dolly, gazing, lecherously, at the
sight of the lovely young wife's pouting, shit coated arsehole as it bulged out
before their eyes. "How beautifully obscene!"

      "Oh, yes!" Agreed Celia, as she moved her pretty nose close to the fat,
slimy turd that was just pushing its way out of the girl's bowels and, with her
delicate nostrils flaring, sniffed at it, appreciatively. "And what a lovely,
aromatic stink she has, too."

      Both women laughed, cruelly, as the girl groaned with shame.

      "But you know, Dolly?" Said Celia, eyeing June's wide spread buttocks,
critically. "These big, white bumcheeks of her's, look much too clean for my
liking. Let me just take hold of the other one for a moment."

      Relinquishing her grip on the weeping girl's plump buttock, Dolly stood
back and watched, as her friend took hold of it in her stead.

      Facing the cameras, the red head leaned across the young Mother's wide
hips and gripped both the girl's big arsecheeks in her hands. With a lecherous
wink to her friends, she gave them a lustful leer.

      "Watch this." She snarled and, with her green eyes dancing with cruel
delight, the lewd lady firmly pressed the round, white, fleshy dumplings of the
sobbing girl's arse, together, and mashed the big, brown turd between the soft,
plump flesh.

      "OOOOOOOOOOOH! GOD! NOOOOOOOOOO!" June shrieked, at the gross act the
woman had committed on her.

      Dolly and the men laughed and yelled with gleeful delight as, with Celia
holding the screaming girl's big buttocks pressed tightly, together, the thick,
firm shit oozed out between the fat arsecheeks, squashed and flattened, and
splattered down onto the soup dish in a steaming mess.

      With the girl now crying bitterly, the laughing Authoress pulled the badly
soiled buttocks wide apart and proudly displayed the humiliated young woman's
shitty arsehole to the cameras.

      Around June's big, pouting anus was seen a thick ring of shit, smeared in
a circle between the girl's voluptuous, white bumcheeks.

      "There! That's better!" Laughed Celia. "She really has got a shitty arse,
now!"

      For the next few minuets, while the powerful laxative compelled the shamed
and humiliated young Wife and Mother to open her bowels, the depraved redhead,
alternatively, mashed the wailing girl's big, round buttocks together, crushing
the emerging turds between the soft, plump flesh, or pulled the big globes wide
apart, exposing the shit coated arsehole to the cameras and gloating audience.

      At last, a series of spluttering farts proclaimed that the girl had, more
or less, emptied her colon and, releasing her arsecheeks, Celia ordered her to
stand and climb down from the table.

      When June stood, once more, on the floor, she was made to turn, thrust out
her arse, pull apart her pale, plump buttocks, and display her shit soiled
asshole to the men.

      After Bill and George had taken a few good close shots of her smeared
anus, Celia turned the weeping girl to face the table and bent her over it until
she was resting her elbows on its surface. Then, with a spiteful giggle, Dolly
placed the soup dish of turds, right under her lovely tearful face so her pretty
nose was poised, just inches above the steaming, odorous mess.

      "Now you just breath in your lovely Pong." Chuckled the authoress. "While
I see to this shitty arse of yours."

      From the top of a kitchen cupboard Dolly produced the same paddle she had
used to drive June along the road to the house. With a sly wink she handed the
wicked implement to Celia.

      Taking the paddle, Celia gave Dolly a nod and, leaning over the sobbing
young woman's jutting, rounded buttocks, both leering women moved their faces
close the blonde's fat arse. Dolly, this time, gripped one big cheek in each
hand and pulled them apart.

      "What a disgusting show the dirty slut put on." Grinned the redhead, as
she and the plump brunette gazed in glee at June's shit ringed asshole. "You can
see she loves exhibiting herself."

      "Yes, she certainly does." Agreed Dolly, eyeing the girl's soiled, pouting
anus. "And this is so pretty, isn't it? It surprised me with the size of those
turds. She being virgin there, and all."

      "I said her flesh was very elastic, didn't I?" Celia smiled, smugly.
"She'll stretch, amazingly. As we'll soon prove. Not only this lovely arsehole
of her's, but other parts of her body, too. Like plastercine, moulded to our
will."

     "I can't wait." Squealed Dolly, with excitement. "Oooo! And that soup dish!
What a 'Pan Full' she did before she'd emptied her bowels."

     "Oh! She's not finished yet!" Laughed Celia. "With everything I gave her,
the process will go on for some time yet. Even as we speak, there is more
accumulating in her guts. She'll give us another 'show' before the day is out."

      Dolly released the girl's buttocks and both women straightened up.
Standing to the left of June's jutting arse, Celia placed her left hand on the
girl's back and pressed down, firmly.

      June gave a cry and tried to raise her head up. Her pretty nose was now
just an inch above the contents of the soup dish.

      The redhead gazed, thoughtfully, at the blonde's beautiful bum. It was
colouring up, wonderfully. Both its pale, round cheeks, were bruised black and
blue, and striped with dark red welts raised on the full flesh.

      Smiling, maliciously, the shapely Authoress, lifted the wooden paddle,
high in the air and brought it whipping down, in a great ark, right across both
the girl's billowing buttocks.

     CRACK!

      Went the paddle, striking hard against the girl's pliant and defenceless
arse.

      "EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAH!"

      Shrieked June, her lovely head thrown back, eyes bulging from her head,
mouth wide open, her protruding tongue, vibrating wildly.

      Celia paused a moment, her arm raised for the next stroke, as she, Dolly
and the men, watched with delight, as a large, burning, crimson welt, blossomed
across the high crests of the shrieking girl's scalded cheeks.

     Before the young Mother could control herself, Celia brought her paddle
sweeping down, again.

     CRACK!

      It went loudly, as it connected with bellowing girl's roasting flesh.

      "EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!"

      Shrieked June, one scream merging with the other as she really hit the
high notes.

      The wicked paddle rose and fell again.

       CRACK!

       "EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!"

       The girl tried to rear up, but Celia gripped her by the scruff of the
neck and pushed her face down, towards the steaming soup dish. It was all the
shrieking blonde could do to keep her lovely, tearful face, out of the stinking
turds.

        CRACK! CRACK! CRACK! CRACK! CRACK!

        On and on, went the fearful spanking.

        On and on, went the awful shrieks.

         June cried bitterly and her defenceless arse blazed before them.

       "Dolly." Cried the sweating redhead, with a leer. "Give that big clit of
her's a good strumming. See if you can get the dirty slut to spurt her custard
while I'm roasting her big bum. That would give us a laugh."

      "Leave it to me, Ceel." Laughed Dolly, evilly, as she squatted down next
to June and slipped her right hand between her full thighs from under the girl's
writhing belly. "Fucking Pain Slut. I'll make her spurt."

      Groping into the sopping wet folds of the shrieking blonde's swollen
cuntlips, the lustful brunette, shaking with excitement, soon found the girl's
amazing, big clitoris. Stiff as a bullet, June's throbbing tickler, stood out
like a little prick. Dolly could feel it leap in her hand with each slap of the
paddle.

      With a spiteful giggle, she gripped the younger woman's big, bloated clit
with her thumb and fingertips and, sinking her nails into its root, she dragged
them up along the length of its pulsing, stork, to its tip and then raked them
back down to its root again.

      Despite the pain of her burning buttocks, June threw back her lovely head
and bellowed with lust.

      "AAAAAAAAAAAAAAGH!" She cried, bucking her spasming cunt against the
leering brunette's cruel fingers.

      Laughing at the result of her strumming of the girl's clit, Dolly began
raking her well manicured nails up and down the big tickler's throbbing stem, in
a cruel parody of wanking a little cock.

     The result of this treatment on June, was sensational. To the bright,
excited eyes of her eager audience, it was as if she were having a sexual fit.
The pain in her big, blistered arsecheeks, and the electric pleasure from the
cruel abuse of her vigorously masturbated clitoris seemed to merge into one
overwhelming, burning flame, that shot from her swollen, convulsing clit and
boiling buttocks, sped along her spinal cord and exploded in her brain.

     "AAAAGH!  AAAAAAGH! YESSSSS! AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAGH!" She bellowed.

     "Look! Look! She's Cumming!" Laughed Celia, gloating over the arousing
spectacle as she continued to rain burning blows down on the writhing young
Wife's blazing, rounded bum and watched with lecherous glee, as the girl thrust
her abused and swollen cunt, back between her thighs, like a she cat in heat,
humping it at Dolly's flashing, raking fingers. "Oooooo! Yes! Look! The dirty
Slut is spurting her custard! Such a lot of it, too! I hope you got Close Ups of
that, boys."

       "Done!" Laughed Bill, pumping on his great prick with one eye glued to
his View Finder. "Got every Gush!"

      "Me too!" Cried George, holding the Digital Still camera pointing at
June's winking cuntcrack. "I want a set of these, beauties!"

       Exhausted, the blonde's shapely body collapsed, quivering, on the table
top, her lovely, red flushed, sweat coated face, narrowly missing the Soup Dish.

      Pulling her arm from under the blonde's buxom body, Dolly held her sopping
hand up to the cameras, opening and closing her cuntcream coated fingers and
showing off the thick, slimy strands of white seminal fluid that ran from finger
to finger and dribbled, copiously, down around her wrist.

     Leering at the lenses, the pretty brunette sniffed her fingers,
appreciatively, and began licking her hand clean, with relish.

      Scene fades.           




A Friend in Need. Chapter 15.



      The bright, airy room, was filled with the sound of the heavy, laboured
breathing of the three recovering women. June lay panting where she had
collapsed over the table, her big bruised and swollen arsecheeks, radiating heat
as far as where the two older women were standing. Dolly and Celia stood,
catching their breath, while gloating, gleefully, over the quivering form of
their lovely, gently sobbing victim. Each carefully fingered her own sopping,
naked cunt, attempting to sooth, as much as anything, the throbbing ache in
their bloated, swollen ticklers. Both women had climaxed, repeatedly, while
abusing the buxom young Mother and the proof of that could be clearly seen in
the copious streams of seminal fluid, which ran, thickly, down the soft insides
of their full, plump thighs and down passed their knees.    

      The two men finished closing down the cameras and Bill nodded to his
flushed faced wife.

      "Right, everybody." Called Celia, giving another hard, open-handed slap to
June's glowing arse. "Outside to the 'Play Pen'. Or, as Bill calls it, the 'Pig
Pen'."

      She and Dolly, having pushed up their masks till they sat, like saucy
hats, on top of their heads, unceremoniously, pulled June to her feet and turned
her to face the door.

      "We're ready, Bill." She smiled to her husband.

      As the Sculptor opened the door and indicated, with an elegant flourish of
his arm, that the women should proceed him outside into the yard, The sobbing
June, standing awkwardly, with her shapely thighs spread wide apart, turned to
their Hostess, in alarm.

      "Surely we are not going outside without putting some clothes on?" She
exclaimed.

      "Well, my dear, you walked around outside there in the nude, so why
shouldn't we?" Celia smiled, sweetly. "Unfortunately, there is no one out there
to see us, or it would be even more exciting."

      "Well, at least let me clean myself up!" Cried the degraded blonde in
desperation. "I'm in an awful mess!"

      "Yes, you are, aren't you?" The Redhead laughed, spitefully. "If you are
good, I'll hose you down, like a mare, in the yard. Now, outside! Quick!"

      Groaning with shame, the blushing young woman turned and walked, straddle
legged, through the door. As she passed, awkwardly, ahead of them, she could
hear their coarse remarks and feel their burning eyes fixed on the soiled, white
skin of her perfect buttocks.

      As they followed her out, she heard Dolly giggle.

      "My God!" Laughed the lecherous brunette. "What a beautiful, shitty arse,
she has!"

      Once outside, to add to the tearful girl's shame and humiliation, Celia
ordered June to walk around the yard. The buxom young blonde, in an endever not
to soil herself any more than she already had, was forced to walk in an amusing,
bowlegged manner, with her full, fleshed thighs wide apart.

      After a few minuets of this amusing sport, the Authoress directed the
debased blonde to walk to the wall at the end of the yard, where a tap and
coiled hose was situated. As the grinning guests watched their Hostess unwind
the hose, they could see by the nozzle that controlled the jet, that it was used
for hosing down the cars.

      "Right, Mrs Bending." The Redhead smiled, while her grinning friends
watched eagerly. "Turn around, bend down, and stick that fat arse of yours, out
towards us."

      Blushing red with humiliation, the buxom young woman did as she was told.

      "Come on now, Mrs Bending!" Celia snapped, impatiently. "You know how to
'Assume the position'! Hollow your back! Curve it inward and stick that big bum
right out!"

       June shuffled into position.

      "There! That's better!" The Redhead exclaimed. "Now grab those bumcheeks
and pull them wide apart, so that we can all see your shitty arsehole!"

      Burning with shame, June reached back her hands and gripping her plump
buttocks, she pulled them open wide.

      "Oooooooh! How disgusting!" Cried the depraved Redhead with a gloating
leer, as her three gleeful collaborators, brayed with cruel laughter. "What a
dirty girl you are, Mrs Bending! A dirty, filthy Slut! That's what you are! Bend
foreword and stick your arse out a bit more.  Lift it higher! I want to see your
cunt as well! And your pretty face!"

      As soon as the young Wife and Mother was posed as she was directed, with a
wicked smile Celia turned on the hose and, with a moderate force, sent a heavy
jet of water shooting out to hid the sobbing blonde right on her pouting anus
and splashing all over her superb arse.

     "Bull's eye!" Cried George.

      "Excellent shot!" Laughed Bill, as his giggling Wife began hosing the
thick shit off the humiliated girl's soiled arsecheeks.

      "Give 'Shitty Arse' a few good squirts on her twat, as well, Ceel." Called
Dolly. "She might like it!"

      "Let me just clean her arse for her first." Answered the Redhead, as she
hosed the thick crap off the degraded young matron's soft, white buttocks and
washed it down the girl's full, shapely legs and onto the fancy paving of the
yard.

      Once the weeping young woman's bruised and pink flushed skin was clean
again, to the delight of her friends, the leering Authoress directed the water
jet right at the gaping, raw red crack of the girl's swollen and agitated cunt.

      June gave a shocked scream of anguish but, to the amusement of the
onlookers, she did not flinch away, but thrust her quim back at the cool,
spurting water and held herself steady against the spray.

     "Just look at her!" Laughed Dolly. "She's just loving that!"

     "Perhaps it's cooling her down." Grinned George, still kneading his rigid
prick in his big fist.

      "If she thinks that, she'll be disappointed." Said Celia, with a wolfish
smile. "It'll take more than a little cold water to cool down the fires of lust
I've made rage through the veins of that buxom body of hers."

      And, as if to prove the point, the lecherous lady turned the water
pressure up high and played the needle point jet around and over the squealing
blonde's huge, swollen clit. Soon the crying girl was writhing in ecstasy but,
just as she was about to cum, Celia turned the hose off.

      "AAAAGH! God! NO! NO!" Screamed the young Wife in frustration.

      "Save it." Laughed Celia. "You'll need all the juice you can produce in
just a little while."

       With these words the Redhead threw the hose to one side.

       "Right, Bill." She called to her Husband. "Into the 'Pig Pen' with her."

      Moving to the building across the yard from the main house, Bill opened a
heavy door and led the small party inside. They proceeded to walk through the
first huge room, which June could see, by the finished statues and 'Work in
Progress', was Bill's Studio/Workshop. They then went through another sturdy
door and June felt the first hot flush of excited apprehension. The huge room
had no windows, but was lit with brilliant strobe lighting. Strange machines and
frames lined the walls and were placed all around, set well into the cool tiled
floor. Whips, paddles, crops and other instruments of correction, hung on the
walls. As did chains, leather cuffs, manacles and other harnesses of restraint.

      "Well, now, Mrs Bending." The tall, good-looking Sculptor smiled, an evil
glint in his eyes. "Welcome to our 'Play Pen'. I hope you find it interesting."

      As June glanced around her, she realised, to her horror, that the feeling
of helpless and fearful vulnerability that was creeping over her voluptuous
naked body, was causing hot flushes of pure lust to surge through her. The
knowledge that she would be soon be submitting herself to her captor's malicious
and lecherous debasement, seemed to ignite the fires of her high sexual arousal
and concentrate these delightful thrills in the area of her abused and
lustswollen cunt. Her big clitoris, in particular, was responding to the
stimulation, for, even as she walked about the fearful room, her fat, soft
cuntlips, rubbed and chaffed, wetly, around the itching, protruding length of
her stiff and sensitive tickler, shooting sparks of lascivious delight to her
engorged and swollen nipples.

      "Come and see what's over here, Mrs Bending." Said Celia with a wicked
chuckle. Taking the girl's hand in hers, the Redhead led the trembling blonde to
the far end of the large room.

      June gave a gasp of fear and her big, blue eyes grew wide with awe. There,
in a special place all its own, stood 'The Stake'.

      "Wow!" Cried Dolly. "Just look at that George! What a beauty!"

      "Yes, isn't it?" Smiled Celia, proudly. "Bill made it, all on his own.
He's good with his hands, as you all know."

      The Authoress looked at June, who had not yet taken her eyes off the
awesome shaft.

      "Do you like it, Mrs Bending?" The Redhead asked, her own green eyes
dancing with glee.

      She moved to an electric consol that stood to one side and began running
her fingers over the buttons. The Stake seemed to come to life as the woman put
it through its paces.

      "Of course, it's not quite as big, or as thick, as the one on the island."
Celia explained, as she made the smooth column shake and piston up and down.
"This one as only a five inch diameter shaft. Well, we don't want to kill some
poor Slut, do we?"

      After demonstrating the ability of the Stake's domes tip to inflate to the
size of a large football, the Authoress restored the dreadful column to its more
standard dimensions, and turned it off.

      "Well?" Celia raised her eyebrows at Dolly. "What do you think, Darling?"

      "Oh! It's beautiful!" The brunette squealed with delight, and moving
foreword, she lifted her hands and ran her fingers up and down, around the
polished shaft. "Ooooooo!" She crooned, her tongue licking over her sensual lips
as she eyed the thick column, lasciviously. "Have you ever mounted any one on
it, Ceel?" She asked.

      "Oh! Most certainly so!" Laughed the lovely Redhead. "Friends of ours send
their lovely young Italian Maid to us for regular punishment. A beautiful dark,
plump girl, just seventeen, who comes to us about once a Month. Well, my dear,
she was the first to sit on it. She danced a merry jig, I can tell you. Since
then a few have wriggled on its tip."

      The woman turned to the trembling blonde.

      "So....." She smiled, sweetly. "You will be a good girl, won't you, Mrs
Bending?"

      Without waiting for a reply, their Hostess took the agitated young woman
by the elbow and led her to another 'odd' device.

      Here, surrounded by floodlights and strategically placed Video and 'still'
cameras was, set into the floor, an upright chromed steel tube, that stood
thirty inches high. Eighteen inches off the floor and welded centrally, a
chromed steel crossbar with a leather strap at each end, extended out eighteen
inches each side of the upright. Set, T-shaped, across the top of the upright,
were two rubber encased rollers, about a foot long, and fixed, with a series of
complicated cogs and spindles, into a chrome-plated steel frame. It looked like
an old-fashioned Mangle, used for wringing out wet clothes.

      Celia placed June to stand before this strange machine and stood back.

      Looking down at the machine and then up at the cameras, apprehensively,
the flushed young Wife glanced, fearfully, at the small group of naked
libertines who were, gleefully, watching her every reaction.

      Celia stepped forward. In her hands she carried a set of soft leather
straps.

      "Dolly." She said, as she moved towards the younger woman. "Help me show
Mrs Bending what is required of her."

      The two women closed in on the girl and, quite submissively, the buxom
young housewife allowed her plump arms to be pulled up behind her back. Quickly,
Dolly and Celia strapped leather cuffs around the girl's wrists and around her
upper arms at the elbows. This done, they attached each of the girl's wrists to
its opposite elbow by clips on the cuffs. This pulled back June's shoulders and
forced her big breasts to thrust right out in a most salacious and vulnerable
way.

      While Dolly fondled and squeezed the girl's defenceless udders, lewdly,
Celia adjusted the machine so that the rollers were about two inches apart. Then
the Redhead opened the rollers, which were hinged at one side, and swung the top
half of the mangle, upright.

      "Now, then, Mrs Bending." The woman smiled her sweet, cruel smile. "I want
you to follow my instructions, carefully, understand?"

      Fighting back her tears, June nodded, miserably.

      "Right, then." The Authoress continued, as she and Dolly attached leather
cuffs around the girl's legs, one just beneath each knee. "Spread your thighs
and bend your knees, so we can fix these cuffs to the ends of this crossbar."

      Obediently, the trembling girl complied.

      To get into the required position was quite difficult. She found that she
had to assume a sort of half squat, raise herself right up on her toes and
spread her knees very wide to span the full three foot of the crossbar.

      When her knees were fastened securely to the firm support, June found that
her full fleshed thighs were forced wide apart and that she had to remain up on
her toes, as only the balls of her feet could touch the floor.

      "There now." Said Celia, as she straightened up and walked around to the
girl's front. "All we have to do now is to secure her top half."

      Taking hold of the squatting blonde's big, arrogantly jutting breasts, in
her hands, the Redhead carefully hung the great jugs, over the short length of
the bottom roller. Having arranged  the soft, white globes to her satisfaction,
the smiling woman brought down the top half of the Mangle and clipped it into
position.

      June gave a gasp. The base of each breast was now firmly squeezed between
the two rollers. The girl glanced up, apprehensively, and met the lovely
Redhead's cruel green eyes, as the leering lady began turning a small handle on
the side of the machine.

     Panicking, the buxom young housewife tried to pull herself away but, with
her arms secured behind her back the way they were and her legs strapped wide,
in that lewd and amusing manner, all that Dolly had to do to hold her in
position, was to push against her back with one hand.

      The girl's big, blue eyes grew wide and she gave a loud cry of alarm as
she felt the two rollers close together, mercilessly squeezing the soft bases of
her great breasts between their hard, smooth cylinders.

      "Oh, God!" She cried. "Oh, GOD! NO! NO!"

      Celia gave a throaty chuckle, as she watched the younger girl's fleshy
jugs swell up into hard, round balls, as she tightened the rollers together.

      "She'll be alright now, Dolly." She laughed. "She's caught fast by her
tits. Come around here and just look at this cows udders."

      The brunette hurried around to the girl's front, where the men were
already standing, to get a better view of the mangling of the girl's breasts.
The naked businesswoman's dancing dark eyes grew wide with delight.

      The blonde's big, round milk globes had both ballooned right out of the
front of the machine as the rollers had squeezed their fleshy bases, tightly,
between them. Adding to the four lechers glee, was the fact that  the groaning
girl's tight skinned, almost bursting spheres, bruised and welted as they
already were, were now turning a beautiful shade of dark purple. They
contrasted, beauifully, with the rest of her pale white body.

      "My! My!" The brunette laughed, as she gripped the girl's long, hard, inch
thick nipples, and cruelly twisted and rolled the swollen and congested stalks
between her fingers and thumbs. "Just look at these great, big udders! Aren't
they pretty?"

      Watched by her three excited friends, Celia completed the tightening of
the rollers. Oblivious of the girl's pitiful cries, the grinning Redhead
attached a long handle to the adjustment point on the side of the mangle.

      Releasing the sobbing blonde's big swollen nipples, Dolly looked on with
interest.

     Glancing at the eager faced brunette and the two rutting men, Celia took a
firm hold on the handle.

      "Now, watch this." She leered, evilly, and began, slowly, turning the
handle.

      The buxom young Wife and Mother, drew in her breath in a loud, strangled
gasp. The rollers of the Mangle were turning slowly and her ballooning breasts
were swelling up, alarmingly.

      "EEEEEEEEEEEAAAAH! No! no!" She shrieked, hysterically. "MY BREASTS! MY
BREASTS ARE BURSTING!"

      "Now what did I tell you, Mrs Bending?" The Redhead smiled, sweetly, as
she continued turning the rollers. "They are your udders! When you speak of
them, you must refer to them by that name!" The handle still turned. "Now, what
was it you were saying?"

      "OH GOD! OH GOD!" June screeched, her big blue eyes bulging from her head.
"PLEASE, MRS PAIN! PLEASE! MY UDDERS! MY UDDERS! MY UDDERS ARE BURSTING! MY
UDDERS! MY UDDERS!"

      Celia nodded in satisfaction and her three accomplices laughed, with glee,
as the terrified blonde shrieked in pain and panic, hot tears splashing down on
the crushed and flattened flesh of her tortured tits that was being slowly drawn
through the ever turning rollers.

      "That's better." Laughed the lovely Authoress, as she stopped turning and
disconnected the handle. "Okay. We'll leave them like that, for now. We might
drawn them right through, later. But, for now, she's braced as firmly as we need
her."

      "And don't these big udders look lovely?" Leered Dolly, smoothing her hand
over the painfully swollen globes. "Tight as a drum and as purple as a plum."

      And the excited brunette raised her hand and struck down, hard and
spitefully, with the back of her fingers, on one of the bitterly crying girl's
badly bruised and drum-tight tits.

      "NAAAAAAAAAH!" June screamed, again. "Oh, please, Mrs Pain! Please slacken
off the rollers! MY UDDERS WILL BURST!"

      "Nonsense, my dear." Celia laughed, cruelly. "They'll take a lot more than
that, before the Weekend is over. Besides, Miss Stern is quite right. Your
udders look delightful like that. Just look at how excited you've made the
boys!"

      At her words, the two men thrust their groins forward and proudly
displayed their rampant erections to the frightened eyes of the panicking
blonde.

      "It's alright, my dear." The tall Sculptor laughed, at the fearful
expression on the girl's pretty face. "I'm not going to beat you with it!"

      "Oh, aren't you?" Giggled the vivacious brunette. "Well, it's such a good
idea that I think I will."

      And gripping the thick root of Bill's massive prick in her hand she began
smacking the pain-racked, drum tight globes of June's badly swollen breasts,
with the man's huge, rigid, club-like length.

      Slap. Slap. Slap. Slap. Slap. Went the big cock as it beat against the
solid, drum-tight flesh of the distressed young woman's juddering, purple milk
melons.

      "That's right." Grinned Celia. "You two amuse her there, while George and
I take another look at this lovely big bum of her's. Come on George."

      And taking the big business man's stiffly standing cock in her ladylike
hand, the Redhead led him around to the buxom young blonde's superb and
immodestly displayed rear.

      "Aaaaah! Yes! A beautifull arse." Celia leered, lecherously, at the sight.
"Quite a Pan-Full, eh, George?"

      Releasing the fatman's prick, she bent forward over the girl's offered bum
and placed her hands on its heavy, white buttocks.

      "Here, George." Said the grinning Redhead. "You pull her big bumcheeks
apart, while I get at her arsehole."

      George leaned across the blonde's back and, taking hold of one of the
humiliated young woman's big buttocks in each large hand, he pulled them wide
open.

      Celia gave a lascivious chuckle. There, lewdly displayed before her
smouldering green eyes, was the sobbing young Wife and Mother's big, pink and
defenceless anus.

      "Ah, yes!" Leered the lascivious lady, as she ran her elegant fingertip
around the wrinkled, puckered rim of June's pouting arsehole. "As I remember it,
this rosy ring of yours is quite tight, Mrs Bending."

      As she spoke, she probed the tip of here middle finger into the centre of
the younger woman's anus and, with a twisting motion, screwed her long digit
deep into the squealing girl's rectum.

      "Oooo! Yes! It is tight, isn't it?" The Redhead chuckled with delighted
satisfaction. "It's just right for our little 'experiment', Dolly. Of course,
I'll have to grease up her bum hole, before we start."

       Celia slowly drew her finger out of the crouching blonde's clutching
turd-tube and watched, gleefully, as the girl's arsehole's tight, pink lip,
pulled outwards, as it firmly gripped her withdrawing digit, as if reluctant to
release it. Suddenly, the Authoress's finger pulled out of the wrinkled anus,
with a wet 'plop'.

     

      The Redhead examined her fingertip with interest. It was coated with a
brown slime. She sniffed it, appreciatively.

      "Mmm. I said her bowels would fill up again, didn't I Dolly?" The freckled
beauty remarked to her brunette accomplice. "Well, she'll need all the
lubrication she can get, and natural lubrication is always the best. Don't you
think so, darling?"

      She walked to a workbench to one side and quickly returned with a large
jar of Vaseline.

      Dolly had stopped slapping June's congested, purple tits with Bill's great
cock and now she and the tall Sculptor were watching with interest, as Celia
stooped down behind their helpless victim and began, liberally, coating the red
flushed blonde's wrinkled arsehole and bum-groove, with the thick, clear grease.

      When the pouting bumhole and plump cheeks along the split of the girl's
arse had been very liberally lubricated, the Redhead began greasing inside the
girl's rectum.

      "Here Doll." Said Celia, with a grin, offering the jar of grease to her
lustful lady lover, while vigorously fingering the squealing young Mother's
straining arsehole with two stiffened fingers. "I think you had better use some
of this on Bill, too."

      Dolly scooped a generous fingerful out of the jar and began thickly
coating the tall, handsome Sculptor's massive cock with the thick grease.

      June, meanwhile, despite the feelings of deep shame and helpless
humiliation that flooded through her shapely, sweat soaked body, was beginning
to respond to the obscene ministrations that Celia was skilfully applying to her
tight, but highly sensitized asshole. Already her squeals and groans had taken
on a more gaspy, breathless pitch and, as Celia had noticed with delight, her
big bruised buttocks had begun to jerk back in time with the rhythm of the
vigorous fingering.

      "Oh, yes! You like that, don't you, Mrs Hot-Arsed Bending?" The Redhead
chuckled as her long fingers flashed in and out of the shuddering Blonde's well
greased bowels. "You like having your arsehole opened out, don't you?"

      "Oh, GOD! No! No, it's vile!" June sobbed, tears running down her lovely
face and horrified at the feelings of shameful pleasure that surged in hot waves
through her gushing cunt.

      "Do you know what we are going to do to you next, Mrs Bending?" Celia
leered, excitedly. "Haven't you guessed what we have in store for you?"

      With a look of fearful suspicion on her lovely face, the younger woman
turned her corn blonde head and gazed back over her smooth, round shoulder into
the cruel green eyes of the sweetly smiling Redhead.

      "You really haven't a clue, have you?" Celia giggled. "So innocent!"

      The Authoress shook her fiery locks and looked at the bound girl,
incredulously. Without taking her eyes of the sobbing girl's pretty, tear
streaked face, she spoke to George.

      "You can release her bumcheeks now, George." She said. "She's spreading
them, nicely, herself. Just put the Vaseline back on the work-top, there's a
dear."

      While the fatman took the big jar and hurried to obey, the Redhead dropped
her eyes to where June's clenching arsehole was clinging, tightly, to her well
greased, slickly pistoning fingers. She gazed for a moment at the lewd sight,
then raised her lustful eyes once more to meet those of the apprehensively
watching blonde.

      "What is it I have just done to your arsehole, Mrs Bending?" Celia asked
the trembling girl, slyly.

      "You....You've greased it." June answered, with a bemused, and worried
expression on her lovely face.

      "And, what is Miss Stern doing to my husband?" Asked Celia, her wolfish
smile getting wider.

      The young blonde turned her head to her front and looked at Dolly's hand,
as it slid, swiftly, up and down the long, slippery length of Bill's huge,
ridged prick, her greasy fingers firmly kneading it's throbbing, oily girth.

      "She's greasing his......." The words died in June's throat. Here eyes
grew wide. She looked up, fearfully, and met Dolly's laughing eyes. The lovely
brunette leered at her, evilly, and nodded her dark head in amused agreement.

      "I think the penny has just dropped, Ceel." Dolly called, without taking
her eyes from the younger girl's face. "She's suddenly gone quite pale."

      "No! No!" The young blonde gasped in shocked disbelief. "That would be
impossible! It's too big! It's much too big! It would kill me!"

      She turned her lovely head, franticly, and struggled to look over her
shoulder at the Redhead, who was still vigorously fingering her tight rectum.

      "Please! Please, Mrs Pain!" She begged. "Not that! Not that, please!"

      "Oh, but that's the whole object of the exercise, my dear." Celia smiled
her sweet smile. "The main reason Dolly brought you here."

      "Wh...Wha...?" June stuttered, tearfully.

      "Let me explain." The Authoress continued, her smile getting eviler. "My
Husband has buggered many, many women, in his rather adventurous life. That
includes Dolly and, of course, myself. A few months ago, during one of our
little group sessions, we were, all four, resting from our 'frolics', up in our
bedroom. Bill had just given Dolly a most thorough and furious 'Bumming' and she
was still panting, in the afterglow of the act. She and I both agreed, that our
arses never felt more......full? Filled?" The freckled lady giggled. "Fulfilled,
is the right word. Well, anyway. Our bums had never felt more 'fulfilled' than
when they were being vigorously buggered by Bill."

      She twisted and screwed her greasy fingers in the horrified blonde's
tightly clinging asshole.

      "Dolly wondered." Celia continued. "How a girl with a 'virgin' arsehole
would react to such a 'reaming'. Bill said he didn't know, as he had never
'Bummed' a virgin arsehole, but thought it would be fun trying. We women agreed,
and thought that such an act would be very noisy, but very amusing, to watch.
George agreed, also, but said he thought the girl would have her arse-cheeks
split apart in the process. Dolly and I disagreed with this, and I explained
that I believed that, if we got hold of the right sort of girl, one with a big
arse and soft flesh, and got her highly enough aroused, then Bill could 'bum'
her as vigorously as he liked, without too much damage being done, as her
arsehole would stretch and open up to accept his beautiful cock."

      The Authoress flicked out her pink tongue, licked her wet, sensual lips
and cruelly leered at her bound and helpless victim.

      "But Bill thought that George was, probably right about her arse
splitting." Celia continued, gleefully. "So you see, Mrs Bending. This is a
little experiment to prove my theory. Right or wrong, as the case may be."

      She slipped her fingers out of the aghast young woman's well greased anus
with a 'plop' and, chuckling, patted the wide eyed girl's big, trembling white
buttocks, reassuringly.

      "Don't worry, my dear." The Redhead laughed, spitefully. "I'm quite
confident that you'll stretch, beautifully. And I'm sure that your first hard
'Buggering' will be quite a spectacle."

      Straightening up, Celia pulled down her mask and pressed it to her face
and Dolly did the same. The Redhead turned to her eager Husband. The tall
Sculptor was snorting with lust and was obviously, 'In Rut'. His great prick,
oiled and ready, stood up straight and stiff, against his flat, hard muscled
stomach.

      "You are going to be one of the Stars of this show, Bill, so you had
better get a hood on." Said the lovely Sadist. "You too, George. You'll be
caught 'On Camera' before long."

      Dolly handed the men two hoods from a side cupboard, and they quickly
pulled them on over their heads. The masks were sinister things of black
leather, which enclosed the head closely, with only openings for the mouth and
almond shaped holes for the eyes. The sight of them made the trembling Blonde
shudder.

      "What about the cameras, Bill?" Celia asked.

      "Just turned them all on now." Bill answered through lust twisted lips
that showed through his mask. "They went on just after the masks."                 

      "Right! This is going to be really good!" His Wife shook with excitement.
"Now, come around here, love. I think its time you mounted her."

      As the big masked man hurried around to her rear, June began to try to
struggle and cry out, fearfully.

      "Oh, GOD! Oh, God save me!" The buxom young blonde wept, pitifully.
"Please God! Somebody save me."

      "Just you wait!" Laughed Dolly. "You'll be screaming for something else in
just a little while!"

      Eagerly, all four leering Libertines, including George with a hand held
cam-corder for good close-ups, closed in behind the tearful girl. June,
blubbering and wailing for mercy, like a helpless school girl, tried to protect
her vulnerable anus by clenching her big buttocks together.

      Ignoring the young Mother's pitiful screams, Celia dropped to her knees
behind her.

      "Pull her cheeks apart, Dolly." Instructed the Redhead, her lovely face
flushed with lust and her green eyes shining with sexual excitement. "I'll do
the 'Honours' and hold Bill's knob to her arsehole."

      With lecherous delight, Dolly gripped June's big, soft white buttocks in
her hands and pulled them wide apart, exposing the tightly bound girl's large,
pouting pink anus to their lustful eyes.

      The four sadists gazed with evil glee at the object of their malicious
intensions.

      "Ooooo." Crooned the shapely brunette, her naked pink body quivering with
lecherous spite. "It's totally defenceless."

      "It is, isn't it?" Celia giggled. "Come on Bill. Let's destroy it."

      While the weeping blonde craned her neck around to look over her soft,
round shoulder and see what they were doing, the tall Sculptor moved in close
behind her. Gripping her shoulders, firmly, with his big hands, he bent his
knees, pulled back his muscular buttocks and lined up his huge penis with her
greased and puckered ring. 

      "Oh! No! No!" The lovely young Wife and Mother pleaded, pitifully, her
sweet face turned up, beseechingly, to the handsome lecher. "Please, Mr Pain.
I'm begging you. Spare me, please."

      "Don't worry, Mrs Bending." The tall man answered her, moving his handsome
face close to her's and bending his muscular torso over her back. "In just a few
minuets you'll be loving it. Every throbbing inch."

      Leering into the girl's shocked face; Bill shuffled his bare feet forward,
rose up onto his toes and spread his lean thighs out on either side of her big,
round, voluptuous bum.

      June's big, blue eyes, bulged with fear. With her heavy, rounded buttocks
held and stretched open, so firmly, in Dolly's grip, all she could do was turn
her lovely, sad, Madonna-like face, up to Bill's and, with her tearful eyes,
beseech him, silently, for mercy.

      Bill gazed down at her, seeing her sweet face, the spasmodic clenching and
stretching of the fingers of her bound hands, the brutally pulled apart buttocks
of her superb arse and what lay between them, all in one delightful glance.

      "CELIA!" He roared, with lust. "QUICK! PUT IT TO THE MARK."

      With a squeal of delight, his beautiful Wife gripped his great prick by
its shaft and placed its engorged head against the sobbing girl's defenceless
arsehole.

      Gripping the floor with his toes, Bill moved his hips slowly forward,
firmly pressed his turgid, 'tennis ball' sized knob, against June's puckered
anal ring, and mounted her.

      Under the pressure of his thrust, the bound blonde's arsehole sank from
sight into the soft greasy flesh of her arse groove but, contracting strongly,
it held the Rutting Sculptor's thrust, so that half his congested knob was left
exposed between her spread-open arsecheeks.

      Her eyes bulging from her head, June drew in a quick, harsh breath,
between her even white teeth.

      "OH, GOD!" She gasped.

      "Fucking Hell! She's tight!" Bill snarled, looking down at the girl's
voluptuous arse. "Her ring's not giving a mil."

      "Just hold it pressed in like that for a moment, Darling." Said Celia,
holding his shaft in position with her left hand, while her right hand moved
between the groaning blonde's full thighs and her skilful fingers and thumb
gripped the girl's stiff and swollen clit. "I'll masturbate her. She'll soon be
creaming, and when she does her arsehole will spasm and slacken. When you feel
it happening, ram your prick up her arse. She's well greased; she won't be able
to stop you."

      So saying, the excited Redhead began skilfully milking the squealing
blonde's highly aroused and stimulated tickler.

      "I hope you are getting some good, close up film, of this, George?"
Chuckled Dolly.

      "If I can stop my hands from shaking, I will." George grinned. "Some great
shots of the 'point of contact' from this angle and the big cam, just above
Bill, will be getting her face."

      Just then, under the delighted, watchful eyes of her captors, the shapely
young blonde, began squealing like a Sow on heat.

      "No! No! Please!" The girl groaned in her shame, her lovely head thrashing
from side to side as if to deny the hot thrills that flooded through her naked,
voluptuous body, at the touch of the depraved Authoress' clever fingers.

      Bill, still in the process of mounting the squealing girl, crouched closer
over her trembling, sweat soaked body and watched her distressed reactions with
lecherous delight.

      "I want to see her face!" Snarled the masked Sculptor, through bared
teeth. "I want to see her expressions as my cock slides in!"

      And grasping a fist full of her straw blonde hair in his big left hand, he
yanked her head around until her lovely 'Martyred Madonna's face was only inches
from his own.

      June's wide tearful eyes gazed up at the tall Sculptor's fearful black
mask, the cruel glitter of his eyes, behind the almond shaped slits and his
twisted, lust contorted mouth that she wanted to cover with her own soft, pink
lips and probe with her thrill seeking tongue.

      Celia's vigorous stimulation of the blonde's enflamed clitoris, was
raising to its peak and a hot, lascivious desire for the big man rushed through
the young wife's veins like a boiling wave that made her feel giddy and sick
with lust.

      "Oh, oh! Mrs Bending!" He leered into her lovely face. "You are going to
cum! I can feel your arsehole twitching on my knob."

      "Oh, Mr Pain." She whimpered. "Oh, please! Please don't hurt me! Please
don't hurt me!"

      Her voluptuous body shuddered and her full pink lips hung open, slackly.

      "Get ready, Bill!" Cried Celia, her sopping fingers working, furiously, in
the blonde's spazming cunt. "She's about to spurt!"

      "I know." Her Husband answered, lifting his big, right hand and taking the
snorting young Woman, tightly, by her throat and holding her firmly, her lovely,
red flushed, sweating face, turned towards his own. "I can feel her arsehole
getting loser under my tip. Give it to her, Ceel! Faster! Faster!"

      Celia's skilful fingers flashed, as she strummed the shaking, squealing
girl's big, badly swollen clit, to a shuddering climax.

      "NAAAAAH!" June groaned. "AAAAAAAAAAAGH! OH,GOD! OH,GOD!"

      Holding the squealing girl, firmly, by throat and hair, and watching her
flushed face, intently, Bill gripped the floor with his toes and tensed his
lean, hard body, for the thrust."

      "AAAAAH! AAAAAAAAAAH! It's cumming! It's cumming. IT'S CUMMING." June
cried, her full lips curling back from even white teeth and her big, blue eyes
rolling back in her head. "I'M CUMMING! I'M CUMMING! AAAAH! AAAAAAAAH!
OOOOOOOOOOOOHH!"

      As the shrieking girl's custard shot out of her spasming cunt and splashed
over Celia's hand, Bill felt her well oiled anus relax around his bursting knob
and, with a triumphant shout, the tall Sculptor thrust forward with his mighty
prick and plunged his huge, tennis ball sized knob, right up the bellowing
girl's grossly expanded arsehole.

      "EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAGH!"

June shrieked, mouth open wide and tongue protruding, as half of Bill's mighty
shaft was engulfed in her boiling bowels. As the great fat yard burst through
the shrieking blonde's exploded ring, breaking her sphincter, shit spurted from
her dilated turd-tube, to thickly coat the tall man's throbbing length.

      Celia and Dolly squealed with delight and burst out with peals of  cruel
laughter at the comical sight.

      "Wow! That's the way to do it!" Laughed Dolly, stretching open the
screeching girl's big, bruised arsecheeks, as wide as she could so they (And
George's camera.) could get a good look at her grossly dilated asshole.

      "Oh! Yes!" Laughed Celia, gleefully. "What a thrust! Hear her shriek!"

      Then to her Husband "You're well up her now, darling. Just hold it there
for a moment and gather your strength, while we have a close look at her
bumhole."

      "AAAAAAGH! Take it out! Take it out, for God's sake! Its too big! It's
killing me!" Groaned the impaled young woman, her lovely face, now twisted with
pain.

      "Nonsense!" Giggled the delighted Redhead. "This will be the making of
you. And there are now so many more things we will be able to do to you!"

      Ignoring the girl's crying, Celia and Dolly moved there faces closer to
the 'Point of Connection'. Both women were giggling at the sight before their
eyes.

     "My, my, Dolly. Just look at that arsehole!" The lustful Authoress
chuckled. "It must be almost stretched to splitting point. Look how tightly it's
clamped around Bill's shaft."

      "It's fucking tight! I know that!" Grinned Bill, still holding the
groaning young woman tightly, by her throat and leering into her flushed, sweat
coated face. "Come on, Ceel. Let me finish the job!"

      "You just keep it embedded in her arse, while Dolly and I complete our
inspection." Said his Wife, as she and the lecherous brunette, gloated over the
condition of the buxom blonde's terrible abused anus. "What do you think, Doll?"

      "I think it's a lovely looking arsehole, Ceel." Dolly leered. "I can't
wait to get my fist up it!"

       The brunette glanced up at the sweating Sculptor.

      "Do that thing you do with your shaft, Bill." She winked, evilly. "You
know. The way you make it swell and contract."

      "Flex it, you mean?" Asked Bill. "Like this?"

       And he made it swell up before the women's wide eyes, stretching June's
tortured arsehole and her expanded turd-tube to their limit, as he did it.

      "NNAAAAA! AAAAAAH! AAAAH! AAH!" Shrieked the sobbing blonde, sweat
dripping from her swollen tits. "Please! Please, Mr Pain! AAAAAAH! It hurts! It
hurts!"

      "Now, about this lovely arsehole, Dolly." Celia continued, ignoring the
girl's pleas. "How big do you think it is now?"

      "Oooo! It's coming along nicely, Ceel." Dolly giggled. "It must be
stretched out around Bill's shaft, to about seven Centimetres diameter, at
least."

      "So you say that Mrs Bendings arsehole, has now got a two and
three-quarter inch bore, Dolly?" The Redhead spoke to the brunette, but her
words were really meant for the weeping blonde, who cried even louder when she
heard them."

      "That's what it looks like to me, Ceel." Dolly replied, gleefully. "And it
opens out to about three inches, when Bill flexes his shaft."

      "Well, we had better let them continue, then." The Authoress chuckled. "We
mustn't delay her first Buggering, must we? You can release her buttocks now,
Doll. He's well 'up her'."

      Dolly released the blonde's big arsecheeks and they shut with a judder.
But the women were amused to see that June's badly stretched anus was still in
easy view, as its swollen rim had pouted out as it clamped, tightly, around the
crouched Sculpture's bloated, shit smeared girth.

      The two older women stood up and backed away a little from the sobbing,
tit clamped, blonde and her mounted rider, to take in the full, obscene picture.
George, on the other hand, moved in close behind Bill's buttocks, to get some
good Close-Ups of the action. 

      "Right Bill," Said his Wife. "You've got about half your cock embedded in
her bowels, so that means that there is another seven or so, inches to go. I
want you to give it to her really hard. Good long strokes, from knob to balls.
We want her to take the lot. We want to get her arsehole really opened and
loosened up. We girls are going to get some good use out of it, before the
weekend is over."

      "That's right, Bill." Laughed Dolly. "So we want to hear some loud singing
from her. Get her to hit those high notes. We are really going to enjoy this."

      Bill gripped June's soft, round shoulders in his big hands, rose up onto
his toes and hollowed his muscular back for the thrust.

      She, thighs spread wide, up on her toes and clamped tightly, by her badly
swollen tits, into that lewd squat, strained her lovely head around to look into
her rapist's eyes.

      "Please, Mr Pain!" The young mother squealed, shrilly. "Mercy! Mercy!"

      Gripping with his toes, Bill rammed his hips forward, with all the
strength of his powerful buttocks and thrust his huge, steel stiff shaft, three
inches deeper into the helpless girl's defenceless bowels.

      "EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAAAA!"

      June's loud shrieked filled the big room.

      "YES!" Celia and Dolly screamed in unison, as they applauded wildly. Their
eager eyes had seen the girl's shapely body jerk and her buttocks judder with
the force of the thrust. They had seen, also, the shit spurt from the boiling
depths of the girl's bowels, as the shaft sank in.

      "OOOOH! YES! That's the way, Bill!" Dolly shrieked with laughter. "Make
her scream! Stretch her turd-tube! Bugger her! Bugger her hard!"

      The tall Sculpture pulled back his hips and drew his massive shaft out of
the shrieking blonde's raped anus. When its length was withdrawn  from her
expanded turd tube until the tightly stretched ring of the bitterly crying young
Wife was gripping his shaft just under the flange of his huge helmet, Bill
paused for a second. Then he rammed his shaft up the girl's arse again, pulling
her shapely body back onto his steel stiff prick by her shoulders, and ploughing
his big, bloated knob, once again, into the boiling depths of her shit packed
bowels.

      "EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAH!"

      Once again the girl threw back her lovely head and shrieked to the
ceiling.

      "Yes! Yes! Go on, darling!  Give it to her!" Celia laughed as she moved
towards Dolly and enfolded the giggling brunette in her arms.

       As the two older women embraced, their eager, cruel eyes, watched the
rape, avidly. Naked, belly to belly and tit to tit, their hands, lewdly, 
fondled each others full, soft curves, but never for a moment did they take
their eyes off the lascivious display before them.

      "She's bellowing well, now Bill." Laughed Dolly. "Make her hit those high
notes! Shaft her fat arse until her ring smoulders!"

      "You are doing great, Bill!" encouraged George, from his privileged
position behind the 'Buggers'. "But you've still got about four inches to get up
her!"

      Bill glanced down to where the stretched and swollen lip of the crying
blonde's grossly distended anus was wrapped, tightly, around the pulsing column
of his thick, rigid cock. He began thrusting foreword with his hips and forcing
the great fat shaft of his weapon deeper and deeper into the sobbing young
woman's bulging bumhole.

      In, and in, and in, and in, he lunged.

      "NAAAAAAAH! AAAAAH! OOOOOOGH! AAAH!" The girl gave a full throated yell,
at each thrust, then gave a great loud.......

      "NAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAGGH!" As she felt the full, thick, greasy
length, force its way up through her expanded turdtube, and embed itself, deep,
in the hot, soft depths of her outraged bowels.

      The handsome Sculptor had watched June's bulging anus with delight as the
girl's fat arse had greedily engulfed the whole thick column  of his prick. Now
he could feel his great fat length, pulsing and throbbing, deep in her boiling
innards and the stretched ring of her raped arsehole griping, tightly around the
thick root of his shaft, as he again lifted his lustful gaze to her shocked and
beautiful face.    

      "There, Mrs Bending." He leered, moving his handsome face close to the ear
of the gasping girl. "Can you feel it? It's right up your arse. You've taken the
lot."

      He once more gripped the blonde by her straw coloured hair and, pulling
her lovely face towards him; he covered her full, open lips with his own and,
kissing her, thrust his tongue down her throat.

      His wife and Dolly, each with one hand fingering the other's asshole and
the fingers of their other hand, thrusting deep in the other's sopping, bald
cunt, gloated over the obscene exhibition with relish.

     "I hope you got that last lunge, George." Celia laughed.

     "I certainly did, Ceel." Grinned the naked cameraman, his own prick
throbbing and pointing, stiffly, ahead of him. "This film's going to be great!"

      The Authoress turned towards 'The Stars' of the show and addressed the
'Leading Man".

      "Right, Bill," She chuckled. "As Director, here are my orders. Bugger her
hard and fast, and don't forget what I told you. Long strokes, from 'Knob to
Bollocks'. Do it now. ACTION!"

      Stopping the kiss, Bill once more gripped June by her shoulders. Looking
down at the point of contact, he watched his gnarled, shit smeared length slide
out into the light as he firmly withdrew it from the gasping girl's clenching
turd-tube, and saw her rectum pull 'Inside Out', as his shaft withdrew. When he
saw her arsehole bulge out as his knob reached its inner ring, he gripped the
floor with his toes and, pulling the girl's body back hard onto his steaming
prick, he rammed his stiff shaft, to 'The Hilt', into her spasming bowels.

     "They're OFF!" Yelled Dolly. 

      When his great yard was sunk again to its root in June's hot bowels, Bill
swiftly withdrew it to its knob again. Then, without a pause, he again  rammed
it in deep and withdrew it to it's pulsing helmet. Now, with the firmly bound
girl yelling in protest, he quickly repeated the movements.

      Hard thrust, IN. Swift pull, OUT. Hard thrust, IN. Swift pull, OUT.

The pistoning movement began to speed up. IN. OUT. IN. OUT. IN. OUT.

      June's cries quickly rose in pitch. To the gleeful delight of the two
highly aroused older women, her shrieks really did hit the 'High Notes'. The
lecherous ladies laughed and 'cheered on', their Jockey and his screaming Mount
each time his muscular hips thudded into the young Mother's big rounded bum,
making its bruised and welted cheeks judder with the force of  his thrusts.

      The thrusts were getting easier now. As the 'natural lubrication' from the
girl's colon greased the way, Bill's bloated length flashed in and out with ever
increasing speed, taking his buxom mount's breath away, as her asshole slackened
under the assault.

      June was feeling really strange. The initial pain from her stretched anus
had passed, leaving a full, satisfied sensation, in her greatly expanded rectum.
As the handsome Sculptor's huge, flashing prick pounded her tender bowels, the
hot, red flush of shame and humiliation, washed over her shapely, sweat soaked
body, triggering a tingling response in her big, swollen clitoris. Gasping hard
between cries of alarm, her screams now changed to a loud grunting, like a Sow
on heat. She began to brace her fat arse for the thrusts and found pleasure in
the hard slap, slap of the tall man's hips against her juddering buttocks.

      "Look Dolly!" Celia cried with excitement. "She's bucking on his prick!
The dirty Slut is starting to like it!"

      "Ooooo, yes!"  Responded the lascivious brunette, her mouth drooling at
the sight. "She's pushing back on each thrust! Look! Look at her go!"

      It was quite true; the buxom young blonde was jerking her raped arse back,
hard, onto each powerful lunge of the muscular Sculptor's mighty shaft. Soon,
both mount and rider had set up a furious rhythm, and were buggering vigorously.

     No longer having to pull her back onto his thrusts, Bill released the
girl's shoulders and moved his large hands to June's straw blonde hair. Taking
big handfuls of her hair in both his fists, he pulled her lovely head up and
back and, using her hair like reins, the tall Sculptor rode her like a mare,
furiously. The sound of the slap, slap, slap, of his hips hitting her fat
bumcheeks and the wet, slurping and farting sounds coming from her abused
arsehole, filled the room.

      "Come, Dolly." Giggled Celia, her beautiful body aglow with lust. "It's
time we joined in the fun."

      	The two women moved to the furiously buggering couple and took up
positions on either side ( Dolly to the right, and Celia to the left.) of the
squatting, bucking young blonde and her vigorous rider. Each of the women began
fondling one of the girl's purple, swollen breasts, with one hand, while their
hands nearest the girl's bouncing bum, each slid around the backs of her thighs
to her sopping wet cunt.

      Feeling the women's hands on her hot, juddering body, June looked into
their gloating faces and mouthed the words. "Please. Please help me."

      "Of course we will, my dear." Leered Dolly, slipping four fingers into the
wet crack of the bucking girl's fat, bald cunt. "Won't we, Ceel?"

      "Of course we will. It will be our pleasure, Sweetheart." Celia crooned.
And she gripped the grunting young blonde's big, swollen clitoris, between her
fingers and thumb, as she smiled, wickedly, at her dark haired friend.

       "Are you ready, Dolly?" She asked with a spiteful wink.

       "Ready when you are, Ceel." Replied the grinning brunette, her four
fingers deep in the girl's cunt.

       "Then we'll begin." Leered the lustful Redhead.

       And both women began fondling the girl's swollen breasts, twirling her
big walnut sized nipples and masturbating her throbbing cunt with all the skill
at their command.

      Bill's violent buggering of the girl's big arse continued, its speed
increasing as he neared his climax. Pulling back hard on her hair to keep her
lovely face to the cameras, he rode her in a frenzy, while she bucked her
beautiful bum back at him, vigorously.

      Eyes shining with lecherous delight, Celia and Dolly watched, gleefully,
as the buggers, thrust and lunged at each other forcefully, their beautiful
bodies dripping and splashing sweat in all directions.

      The two women watched, intently, as June's buxom body began to shake
uncontrollably, and her grunts became high pitched squeals of eager delight as
her own orgasm came close.

     "Oh, GOD! I'm going to cum!" The girl cried, increasing the speed of her
hips to hasten her climax.

      "Now, Dolly!" Cried Celia, almost creaming herself with excitement. "Give
it to her hard!"

      And both women began violently kneading and twisting the squealing girl's
big congested jugs and vigorously masturbating her convulsing cunt and throbbing
tickler in the most harsh and spiteful manner.

      "OH! NOOOOO!" June shrieked. "It hurts! It hurts!"

      "Yes! And don't you love it?!!!" Laughed Celia, squeezing, twisting,
stretching and jerking the screaming blonde's big, bloated clit. "You cum with
the pain, as much as from the fucking, you dirty Slut!"

      "Quite right, Ceel!" Giggled Dolly, furiously fingering the girl's
spasming cunt with four full fingers of her left hand, while attacking one of
her badly swollen, purple udders, with her right. "Little 'Goody Two Shoes'
here, is a raving fucking Pain Slut, if ever I saw one!"

      The two women were right in their assessment, and June suddenly realised
that it was true! The feelings of Shame and Humiliation washed over her in a hot
wave of pleasure. Even the Debasement, she thought, even.... Yes! God help me!
Even the Pain! It made her feel as she had never felt before. Pleasure! Yes!
Boiling pleasure, running through her veins to all the lovely, dirty places, in
her lascivious body and her lustful mind. And it was now centring in on her
sexual hot spots. From the Buggering of her fat arse, to the abuse of her
breasts. From the vigorous masturbation of her cunt, to her tortured clitoris.
Her body began to shake, violently.

      "AAAAAAAH! YES! YES!" She squealed with delight. "I'M GOING TO CUM! I'M
GOING TO CUM! DO IT HARDER! DO IT HARDER! HURT ME! HURT MEEEEEEEE!"

      The two older women laughed with glee as, gloating over the convulsing
blonde's reactions, they worked, swiftly and skilfully, to comply with her
screamed request.

      Bill, leering down at his hysterical mount, buggered her, furiously, as he
rode her to her climax. Pulling back her lovely head by her hair so that her
captive breasts stretched alarmingly, at their base, his massive prick, flashed
in and out of her stretched anus, pounding her bowels and beating her shit to a
batter.

      "AAAAAAAAAAH!" June shrieked. "I'M CUMING! I'M CUMING! I'M
CUUUMMMMMMMMMMMING!"

      It was as if she was having a sexual fit. Her shapely body shook from head
to toe, as she bucked, vigorously, on his shaft.        

      Celia and Dolly, working hard at torturing the young wife's tits and sex,
watched her convulsing cunt with eager anticipation.

      "She's not fucking kidding!" Laughed the sweating, naked Redhead. "Look at
all that cunt custard she's spurting out!"

      "Oooooo! Yes! It's dripping off my elbow!" Drooled Dolly. "And just look
at her arsehole sucking on Bill's 'WOPPER'!"

      "AAAAAAAH! FUCK! YES!" Bellowed the masked Sculptor. "HER TURD-TUBE IS
SUCKING ON MY COCK! I'M CUMMING! I'M CUMMMMMMMMMMING! AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!"

      And with a furious flurry of strokes, the big man shot a great geezer of
hot spunk, into the shrieking young woman's innards, flooding her tripe with
cream. Again and again, he spurted great, thick gouts of boiling bullock juice,
deep into her soft, brown depths, until his huge balls were emptied.  

     With a groan of relief, Bill fell across June's back, pushing the sobbing
blonde foreword, over the Tit Mangler, which still held her tight in its grip.
There she lay; pinned under the tall Sculptor's sweat slicked, muscular naked
body, squealing like a Sow on heat. Which was exactly what she was.




A Friend in Need. Chapter 16.



     For some moments, June's voluptuous, sweat coated body, shook and jerked,
spasmodically, as her delicious orgasm flowed, again and again, through her
delighted nerve centres.

     Celia and Dolly, gloated over her condition, gleefully, sniffing and
licking their cream coated fingers, with relish.

      "Come on, Darling." Celia grinned to Dolly. "Help me get him off her."

      "Oh, please, Mrs Pain! Please!" The heavily panting blonde groaned to her
freckled hostess. "Don't make him stop! Please! Let him do it again!"

      "Well, just listen to the dirty Slut!" Dolly laughed. "Just had her first
buggering and now she can't get enough of it!"

      "Yes! I know you loved it! But it's no good, my dear!" Said Celia,
directing her remarks to the protesting Blonde. "You've sucked him dry, again!
Men are so weak! Never mind, Dolly and I have lots more things we are going to
do to you."

      Both women turned their attention to Bill Pain, sprawled as he was over
the moaning girl's back. Gripping his shoulders, they tried to push him upright.

      "Come on, darling. Quickly. Pull it out of her." The Authoress cried,
excitedly. "We want to examine her arsehole."

      With Dolly's help, she soon had the tall Sculptor standing on his own
shaky legs and, when he backed away from the shapely young Wife's rounded arse,
both women dropped to their knees and watched, eagerly, as the great, thick,
slack hose of his quickly softening cock, slid smoothly, out of the girl's
shity, pouting arsehole and pulled free with a 'Pop' that nearly pulled her
rectum inside out.

      While both women gloated over the lewd sight before their excited eyes,
Bill staggered away to the nearest chair and sat down, heavily.

      Quickly, Celia and Dolly pulled open the full, round cheeks of June's arse
and gazed, with malicious delight, at the blonde's grossly distended anus.

      June's neat, if rather large, wrinkled rosette was gone for ever. In its
place, in the deep valley between the lovely, round cheeks of her superb bum,
was a big, splendid, 'Real Woman's arsehole'. With it's badly swollen lip
pouting right out and encircling the red, gaping hole of her rectum, the young
blonde's big bumhole looked more like a 'Doughnut Ring' than an Anal Ring.

      "Oooooo! Ceel! Look at that!" Dolly crooned, in an awed voice. "What a
fucking beauty!"

      "Yes, Dolly!" Celia answered, throatily, her lovely mouth twisting in a
pouting leer of lecherous delight, as her green eyes devoured the sight with a
burning gaze. "Now, that's what I call an arsehole!"

      Suddenly, both women began shrieking with laughter. The Redhead lifted her
hand high in the air, and brought her palm down hard on one of the girl's fat
buttocks, causing both of the blonde's heavy arsecheeks to jump and judder.

      June gave a loud cry and strained her head around to see what was
happening behind her back. Laughing, Celia met the girl's apprehensive eyes and
smiled, cruelly. Leaning forward, she toughed the young blonde's swollen
arsehole and spread open the pouting lip with her fingers and thumb. Thick brown
streaked spunk spurted from the gaping hole and she released it, quickly
stopping the flow.

      "Fucking hell!" laughed Dolly. "Old Bill has pumped a lot of spunk in
there."

      "Well, there's room for a lot more, yet!" Chuckled Celia, jumping to her
feet. "Come on, Doll. You get these straps off her, while I unclamp her tits."

      While her friend unbuckled the leather straps and removed them from June's
arms and legs, the lecherous Redhead, leering excitedly into the flushed young
blonde's lovely face, opened the rollers of the 'Titmangler' and released the
purple, congested globes of the girl's abused and swollen jugs.

      Groaning, the shapely blonde clutched her hands to her badly bruised and
painful breasts as the blood rushed back into their hugely swollen love globes.

      "I bet that smarts!" Celia laughed, spitefully. "Here! Let me try!"

      And pushing away the girl's hands, the lustful Novelist began kneading and
squeezing the groaning young Mother's badly swollen and elongated udders, until
the girl yelled with pain.

      "Well, that's enough of that!" Laughed the Redhead when, after some long
moments of tit torture, she lead the buxom blonde to another cleared space that
was also covered by floodlights and video cams.

      "Here." Said the Redhead, leading the girl to the centre of the space.
"Get down on your hands and knees and round your big bum and stick it out
nicely. It's Mr Cane's turn next."

      At these words, June's cunt spasmed again and she, submissively, dropped
down on her hands and knees.

      George Cane had just turned off the hand held camera, placed it on a
workbench, and switched on the second bank of cameras. Now he was standing,
squeezing the column of his fat, bloated prick in his fist and watching June in
eager expectation.

      "Are you ready, love?" Celia asked the stout businessman, as he moved his
heavy, powerful body closer to the aroused young blonde, his stiff, congested
cock jumping and beating at the 'overhang' of his pot belly. "Ooooo! Yes! I can
see you are! How do you want her George? It's your call."

      "She looks like a fine, fat, white Mare like that." George grinned. "So I
think I'd like to ride her like one."

      "What a great idea!" Celia squealed. "I hope you intend to ride her hard!
She'll love that! Well, then love, stand behind her and prepare to mount."

      The big man did as he was bid. Moving behind the crouching young woman, he
placed a foot on each side of her wide spread legs and moved forward until his
own thick, hairy legs spanned over the plump, up thrusting globes of her
superbly round and offered arse.

      June, panting with unsatisfied desire, looked back over her plump, white
shoulder, and gazed up at his squat, hairy, heavy body, as it loomed over her
defenceless bum. Stood as he was, with his broad chest and shoulders and his
powerful arms and legs, all covered with that thick, coarse, black hair, she
thought that he looked more like a huge, male Gorilla that was about to couple
with her. Not that she cared. She could also see the big, fat shaft of his
throbbing prick, and she needed that prick to assuage the raging fire in her
cunt. She looked up at his red, jowly, sweat dripping face, contorted with lust,
and his burning eyes, glaring lecherously down at her voluptuous nakedness, with
such wicked, obscene intent, that her own beautiful body thrilled with exquisite
shame and lasciviousness. She wanted him, badly, and she was going to have him.

      The girl's pretty mouth twisted with lust, and she smiled, nervously, up
at the fat man, wriggling her lovely arse in an obscene invitation. 

      "Well? Go on, George! What are you waiting for?" Dolly laughed. "She's
asking you, so sweetly. Bugger her!"

      "Yes! Go on, George!" Celia urged. "You don't need anymore grease, you can
slide in on her shit. Give her a good, hard ride! Go on! Mount her!"                      

      Eagerly, George squatted down, straddling his, hairy thighs around the fat
cheeks of June's big, butterball bum, and gripped her soft, plump hips, in his
large, strong hands.

      "Struth!" He snarled through clenched teeth. "A girl like this is fucking
bliss! Put it in for me, Ceel."

      "Certainly, love!" The Redhead laughed and, kneeling beside him, she
gripped the thick column of his cock and placed the engorged and turgid knob to
the red and grossly swollen ring of the girl's big, pouting arsehole.

      "There! It's on the mark!" Celia cried. "Now, go on, George! Ram it up her
arse."

      "Right! Are you ready, Mrs Bending?" The big business man asked the
watching girl, with a leer.

      "Yes! Oh, yes, Mr Cane!" The young blond answered, eagerly nodding her
lovely head and pressing her raw red arsehole, impatiently, back onto his fat
prick's bloated warhead. "I'm burning up! Please do it! Please!"

      "Right, then!" George snarled, through gritted teeth. "Brace yourself!
It's going in!"

      With Celia skilfully holding his knob to June's pouting anus, the big man
crouched forward, raised himself up onto the balls of his feet, gripped the
floor with his toes and, pulling the girl's big defenceless arse, back onto his
knob, he rammed his hips forward and plunged his fat cock, to the root, into the
hot, wet, depths of her up thrust arse.

      The voluptuous blonde threw back her lovely head, her eyes bulging from
her red, flushed face.

      "OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOHHHHHHHHHHH!" She bellowed, as her ravished turdtube
totally engulfed the whole, thick length of the fatman's prick, with a loud,
wet, sucking sound.

      Laughing, spitefully, Celia stepped back with Dolly, to watch the show.
They were joined by Bill, who was just starting to take notice again.

      "Go on, George." Urged the tall Sculptor. "Bugger the Bitch!"

      "Yes! Go on George!" Cried Dolly. "Ride her, Cowboy! Hard and fast!"

      George pulled back his hips and withdrew the stiff, reeking length of his
throbbing prick from the hot, brown depths of the blonde's big bum. It was
coated with a slippery, brown slime. He gave a grunt, as he plunged it in to the
root, once more.

      "OOOOOOOOOOOOHHHHHHHHHH!"

     June bellowed once more, her mouth forming a large round "O" and her pretty
face screwed up into a wince of discomfort, at this new expansion of her rectum.
She thrust up her arse, savagely, to meet George's big, downward plunging prick,
and groaned with masochistic satisfaction as she felt it's thick, rigid length,
again embed itself, to the hilt, in her large intestine and his groin slap hard,
against her soft, round, juddering buttocks.

     

       "That's the way, George!" Celia laughed, her green eyes flashing with
vicious excitement. "Ream her rectum! Faster boy! Faster!"

      The snorting fatman straightened his powerful legs and, lifting his hips
from the top of the groaning girl's arsecheeks; he raised his groin and withdrew
his steaming shaft out of her clenching colon.

      The grunting Blonde, feeling the stiff shaft being drawn from her ravished
bowels, clenched her arsecheeks, and contracted her rectum around the greasy
shaft. George's sturdy cock slid out of her arsehole's hot, tight grip, until
only its knob-end remained embedded in the young Mother's bulging bumhole. Then,
lunging down, into her up thrust arse, he once more fully impaled it on his
bloated length by sitting down, heavily, on her bucking bum.

      Faster and faster, he repeated the plunging stroke, while the squealing,
blonde, bucked her lovely arse up, vigorously, at each thrust.

      Sitting as he was, crouched on top of the round, fleshy globes of the
buxom young woman's big, bouncing arse, the sweating fatman really did look as
if he were riding her. Quickly they rode from a trot to a canter and from a
canter to a gallop. Soon he was bumming her furiously, while both rider and
mount, grunted, snorted, and screamed their delight to the room.

      Celia and Dolly, gloating over the obscene act to which they were
subjecting the terribly aroused young Wife and Mother, were quickly becoming
enflamed by the girl's lewd degradation. While jeering at their groaning,
grunting, snorting victim and shouting vile encouragement to the sweating,
snarling fatman, both women began to cavort, lewdly, before the red flushed face
of the vigorously buggered blonde, posing and exposing their voluptuous, naked
bodies, obscenely, to her bright, excited eyes.

      Moving to stand before the June's pretty face, Dolly spread her thighs
wide and, thrusting her hips forward, she presented her plump, bald cunt, to the
fair girl's lust swollen lips. As soon as the groaning blonde, submissively,
opened those sweet lips in acceptance, the depraved brunette thrust her wet,
gaping gash right into the girl's luscious mouth.

      "AAAAAH! Fuck me!" Squealed the lecherous lady, gripping fistfuls of the
blonde's hair in both her hands and pulling the girl's full lips, hard, against
her sex. "You know Ceel, she's really good at sucking cunt! AAAAH!" 

      "Go on, Dolly!" Celia laughed, fingering her arsehole and cunt with the
two middle fingers of each hand. "Fuck her pretty face!"

      Holding the grunting girl's lovely face firmly in position, Dolly began
fucking her gushing cunt, furiously, into the young blonde's greedy, sucking
mouth.

      "Ah! Shit! That's fucking lovely!" The sweating brunette squealed, her
plump, round buttocks shaking, as she humped her groin into the girl's sweet,
full lips. "Oh! Yes! YES! Stick your tongue right in! AAH! OOH! YES! Suck my
clit! Suck it! SUCK IT! AAAAAAH! I'm going to cum! I'M GOING TO CUMMMM!
YAAAAAAH! YES! Right in her mouth! YES! YES! CUMMMMMMMING! RIGHT IN HER PRETTY
MOUTH! OOOOOOOOO! YES! SPIRTING! SPIRTING MY CUSTARD! AAAAAAAAAAH! OOOOOOO! IN
HER PRETTY MOUTH! OOOOOOOOOOOHHHHHHHH!"

      And, while George pumped her bouncing arsehole from the back, Dolly filled
June's lovely mouth with cuntcustard, at the front.

      Gasping, the brunette pulled her naked, dripping twat, from the blonde's
lips and, with Bill and Celia watching, gleefully, the girl began swallowing the
rich cream with relish.

      "I think she likes it!" Bill chuckled, as he watched June licking her cum
coated lips. "I must say, she's becoming quite a sexual gourmet!"

      "Well, let's see if she enjoys the taste of what I've got for her." His
Wife winked, as she slipped the middle fingers of her right hand, out of her
anus.

      Putting the hand under the bucking girl's chin, the Redhead lifted the
blonde's sweat coated face to her own.

      "Let me explain what I am going to do to you, Mrs Bending." Celia leered
down into the flushed face of the girl who was being, so vigorously, buggered.
"I'm feeling quite flatulent, and I need to fart. So I'm going to fart right in
your pretty face."

      Even while her arsehole was being so thoroughly reamed, June fully
understood what the woman intended to do to her. She blushed with shame.

     Dolly giggled, spitefully. Even though the girl's sweat soaked body was
flushed, hotly pink, with the violent exertion of her buggering, the brunette
and her three accomplices plainly saw the deeper red blush of shame and
humiliation, spread across her lovely face, down her neck, and flood, prettily,
into the dark purple of her bruised and swollen breasts. 

      "Yes." Celia continued, shaking with barely contained excitement. "I'll
fart into your face. We'll see how you like that."

      "No! No, you couldn't!" June cried out in a lust thickened voice. She
started to struggle, futilely, and raised herself up onto her knees. "Not that!
It's gross!"

      "But not the first time you've tried it, is it?" Laughed the cruel Redhead
as, with a wink to Dolly, she turned her back to the blonde and thrust her
round, white buttocks, into the horrified girl's face.

     "Fucking hell, Ceel!" Cried George, grabbing the struggling girl's flailing
arms firmly in his big hands, as he continued pistoning his prick, furiously, in
and out of her clenching rectum. "You do that to her and I think I'll 'shoot my
muck'!"

      "You spurt your spunk before I'm finished with her and I'll put your
bollocks in that 'Titmangler'. George!" The lecherous lady warned, as she spread
her buttocks open with her hands and looked at Dolly. "Hold her head so she
can't turn her face away, Doll. And make sure she takes a good, long breath!" 

      Laughing, the naked brunette gripped the struggling girl by throat and
hair and, firmly held her lovely, flushed face, just inches from the chuckling
Redhead's menacing, white arse.

      "No! Oh, no!" Cried the shapely blonde, helplessly. "Please! You couldn't!
No! No!"

      Celia had been listening, carefully, to the struggling girl's harshly
drawn breathing. Tensing her bowels, she waited until the blonde's gasped words
had been expelled from her lips, and then farted, powerfully, into the girl's
pretty face.

      It wasn't one of those noisy, rasping farts that June was treated to.
Celia's pink and wrinkled arsehole seemed to well up, between her well spread
bumcheeks and burst open into a perfectly round and pouting 'O' that discharged
, with an almost silent 'Swoosh', an odorous blast of gas, strong enough to blow
back the straw-gold locks of  hair that framed the horrified blonde's beautiful,
red flushed face.

      "OHHHH! GLUGG! YUULK!" The shamed and humiliated girl spluttered, choked
and retched, desperately trying to avert her face away from the foul blast, but
with little or no success. "OHHHHHH! DEAR GOD! UUULK! OOOOOOOOOH!"

      Her lovely features screwed up in disgust, the full, pink lips of her
sweet mouth pressed tightly together, June's head was held firmly in position by
the gigging brunette, while the squatting Redhead directed the long blast of
odorous gas into the gasping girl's pretty face.

      As her anal ring closed, the gloating Redhead spun around so she could
watch the degraded girl's reactions. The shapely young blonde, her fat arse
still being vigorously buggered by a sweating, grunting, George, retched and
gagged and groaned in self disgust. Although she had tried to hold her breath,
the wretched girl had been forced to inhale, as least, three good breaths of the
foul air. She burned with shame but, aroused and stimulated as she was, her
shame and humiliation only seemed to excite her boiling senses to even greater
thrills, and greater depths of  depravity.

Her buxom, shuddering body, convulsed in orgasm, her climax flashing through her
veins like liquid fire. She opened her tearful, blue eyes and saw the lovely
face of the beautiful Redhead, gloating over her masochistic response to the
gross act.

      "Ooooooo! You liked that, didn't you? You dirty Slut!" Celia leered,
cruelly. "Well, my dear, open your pretty mouth wide. The next one is

going all over your tongue. So roll it around and taste it, nicely. Or Mommy
Smack!"

      Again the lecherous Redhead turned her naked back on the helpless young
Wife and Mother, and thrust her rounded arse into the girl's horrified face.

      "You know, I wish I could see this" The Authoress tutted, straining her
neck around to look back over her shoulder. "Bill, could you fix something up?"

      "Just a minuet, Ceel." Her Husband responded, moving into the shadows.
"I've got the very thing!"

      A few moments later the tall Sculptor returned, pushing before him a large
'Cheval-glass'. He placed the great mirror, which swung on a beautiful ornate
gilt frame and was easily tall enough to reflect their whole erotic tableau, to
one side of the group and then tilted it, carefully, so that his wife could
clearly see her own lovely white arse and the pretty, red flushed face, of the
trembling, waiting blonde.

      "How's that, Ceel?" Bill asked with a grin.

      "Ah! That's just perfect, darling." Celia chuckled, taking in the
lascivious sight of the girl's lovely, horrified features. "Now I can see
everything. Come on, Dolly. Get that sweet mouth of her's open, ready."

      Still bucking, vigorously, beneath George's sodomistic onslaught, June
began crying, loudly, as Dolly gripped her face.

      "Help me, George." Said the brunette to her lunging lover. "Stop her
wriggling about."

      Without breaking the rhythm of his thrusts, George twisted both the
weeping young Wife's arms, up behind her back and gripped them tightly by the
wrists, in his large left hand. His right hand he moved to the back of her head
and with it, he took a fistful of her straw-blonde hair, with which he yanked
her head back, hard.

      Whoa, there! Whoooooaa!" He laughed, cruelly controlling the girl's
struggles by pulling back, hard, on her long blonde hair, as if it was the reins
of a horse. "Whoooaaa! My fine bucking Mare! Hold still there! But don't stop
bucking your fat arse! I'm really enjoying this ride!"

      And, while the sobbing, distraught young woman tried to stop Dolly from
forcing open her jaws, the sweating fatman, squatting on her back, continued
pistoning his big, stiff cock, in and out of her stretched and swollen arsehole.             

      "That's better, George!" Cried Dolly, lining up the weeping young blonde's
pretty, tear streaked face, with their Hostess's round, white bum.

       "Now, then, Mrs Bending!" The perspiring, pink skinned brunette, leered
at the jerking, pounded girl, as she tightly gripped the swollen stalk of one of
the young Mother's badly bruised breasts. "You open your pretty mouth wide and
put out your tongue, nice and flat. Or I'll rip this fucking nipple off your
tit! Understand?"

      



      Blubbering loudly, June nodded weakly and, submissively obeyed. Her
complete helplessness was already sending shocks of pure delight through her
throbbing, bloated clitoris, again.

      Watching everything in the big mirror, Celia reached back behind her and,
gripping her plump, rounded arsecheeks with her hands, she spread them wide
apart.

      "There." Said Dolly, moving June's flushed face, until her gaping mouth
was only two inches from Celia's pouting, rosy red arsehole. "Keep it about
there. Don't you move, now, or else. And stick your tongue out farther, and cup
it a little, so you can catch the full blast."

      The lecherous brunette looked at the reflection of Celia's lovely, excited
face, in the mirror and nodded.

      "She's all ready, Ceel." She leered.

      "Right, then, you dirty Slut." The Redhead giggled. "Let's see what you
thinks of this."

      The beautiful Authoress' face turned red as she strained her bowels.

      June's eyes bulged from her head and her pretty face creased with disgust
as she watched the older woman's pouting anus well out towards her wide open
mouth and extended tongue. Her lovely features took on a look of abject horror,
as she saw the Redhead's arsehole, pucker and bulge.

      Brrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrraaaaappp.

      This time it was a real rasper. Rich, wet and fruity, the odorous blast
blew straight out of the lecherous lady's pouting anus and right into the open
mouth of the subjugated blonde.

      "OOHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!" Came the younger woman's choked groan of
disgust, as she felt a fine, wet spray, splash across the surface of her
extended tongue and over the soft interior of her open mouth. Her mouth, nose
and throat, filled with the offensive fragrance. June gasped, coughed,
spluttered, retched and drew a great breath, filling her lungs with foul air.

      Bill Pain and Dolly cried out with spiteful glee as they watched the gross
act, while George, buggering the girl with long, hard thrusts, ground his teeth
to stop his spunk from discharging.

      June pulled in her tongue and closed her mouth and the full, rich flavour
of the Redhead's fart, flooded her taste-buds.

      The young Mother groaned, quickly reopening her mouth and thrusting out
her tongue in self disgust as another powerful orgasm swept over her shaking
body.

      Celia turned again, eager to watch the degraded girl's delightful climatic
reaction.

      "Ooooooooo! Look at the dirty bitch!" She leered. "She's Cumming with
shame!"

      "Oooooo, yes! It's a delightful response." Drooled Dolly, as they all
gloated over the trembling young blonde. "How far are we going to take her,
Ceel?"

      "Oh! All the way, Dolly!" Celia leered. "All the fucking way!"

      "Oh! Fuck!" Squealed the trembling brunette. "I'm spurting at the very
thought of it! 	Could I use her mouth for a few moments, before we go on?"

      "Oh, be my guest, Dolly." The beautiful Authoress laughed, stepping back
and waving her hand in a grand gesture, to the blonde's face. "Let her taste
your custard again. It seems to be flowing, thick and fast."

      Without a 'by your leave' to the retching blonde who, her head pulled back
by her hair, still had her tongue protruding from her gaping mouth, the excited
brunette stood up and stepped in front of the girl's face. Spreading her fat
cuntlips with the fingers of her right hand and, holding the girl's head steady
with her left, she thrust her gushing cunt into the young wife's gaping jaws.

      The buxom naked blonde, squealed in protest, but with her arms still
twisted up behind her back by the vigorously buggering George and her straw
coloured hair still held in his vicelike grip, she could do nothing to stop it.

      As soon as her bald and sopping sex was filling the girl's sweet mouth,
Dolly moved both her hands to June's shell-like ears and, gripping them tightly,
she manoeuvred her cunt until the groaning blonde's tongue was probing the mouth
of her womb. Then, using the girl's ears as grips, the lecherous brunette began
vigorously fucking the girl's face.

      Now the girl's mouth and arsehole were being well fucked from both ends.
Leering at each other, Dolly and George, leaned forewords and moved their heads
together, their mouths meeting in a long, wet, kiss, tongues thrusting down each
other's throats. 

      The act did not last long. After a few frantic moments Dolly threw back
her head and squealed.

      "AAAAAAAAAH! FUCK!" She cried, holding the girl's flushed face pressed
hard against her convulsing cunt. "I'm Cumming! Spurting my custard!"

      Dolly looked down at June's lovely red flushed face, as the blonde sucked
hard at her cunt.

      "That's it!" The brunette snarled through bared teeth. "Suck it! Suck it
all down! Swallow it all, you dirty bitch! All that thick, juicy, cream." And
she again humped her gushing cunt at the sucking girl's mouth. 

      After a few moments of this, Dolly's body relaxed and, still looking down
at the blonde's lovely flushed face, the panting brunette pulled her plump, bald
cunt, out of the younger girl's luscious mouth and gave a long, loud, sigh of
contentment.

      Celia moved in behind her dark haired girlfriend and, placing her hand
between her thighs from the back, kissed the heavily breathing brunette on the
side of her neck.

      "Well, darling, you certainly seemed to enjoy that!" The Redhead chuckled,
tracing the panting woman's ear with the tip of her tongue. "Is there anything
else you want to do?"

      "There is one thing, Ceel." Dolly giggled, as she took the girl's pretty
face in the palms of her hands and held it steady as she thrust her dripping
gash over the blonde's mouth. "Open wide, Slut!" She snarled.

      June, who had been busy swallowing down the copious dose of delicious
cuntcream that the sweating brunette had just pumped into her mouth, opened her
big, blue eyes and looked up at the older woman with apprehension. She opened
her mouth wide and put out her cupped tongue.

      Immediately, a jet of amber piss gushed from Dolly's piss hole and spurted
to the back of the blonde's throat.

      June spluttered, her eyes bulging from her head, and her gaping mouth
began filling up with the salty liquid.

      "Drink it, you Pig!" The brunette leered down at the girl. "Don't spill a
drop! Drink it all!"

      And, blushing scarlet with shame, the humiliated blonde drank down the hot
flow as quick as Dolly could piss it.

      In a few moments it was over. The golden liquid jet ran to a trickle and
the flushed young woman gulped down the lot.

      As Celia and the two men shouted their approval at her show, Dolly stepped
back and away from the spluttering young 	Mother and turned to the
laughing Redhead.

      "She's all yours, Ceel." She grinned. "Now tell her what you are going to
do to her next."

      Chuckling evilly, the Redhead moved to the front of the hard ridden blonde
and, bending towards her, gripped her tearful face with her right hand.

      "Now, you dirty Slut." She leered, gloating over the girl's plight. "You
are just loving this, aren't you?"

      "No! No! Please stop!" June groaned, looking fearfully at the Authoress.
"No more! Please! I beg you!"

      "Stop? Stop? If we stopped now, you'd break you whores heart!" Celia
laughed. "This is the most pleasure you've had in your pathetic little life!"

      "You shouldn't do these terrible things to me!" The young Wife sobbed.
"They are disgusting!"

      "You'll do a lot more disgusting things before the week-end is through,
Mrs Bending." The Redhead gave a wicked laugh. "You see, this it not about what
we do. It's about, what we can get you to do."

      With this, the lustful lady crushed her open mouth over the girl's and,
thrusting her tongue deep into the blonde's throat, French-kissed her,     wet
and lecherously. 

      "We will satisfy all your secret appetites, my dear." Celia smiled her
evil smile again. "And what appetites you do have, don't you.

      The woman dropped her left hand to the weeping girl's badly bruised
breasts and fondled them lewdly, as George continued his vigorous shafting of
the young Mother's fat arse.

      "So, what am I going to get you to do next, I wonder?" Celia grinned.
"You've swallowed the boy's spunk, sucked down Dolly's and my cunt juice, ate my
farts, and dank Dolly's piss. Can you guess what is next on the 'Menu'? I'm sure
you can."

      June's beautiful face went quite pale and her eyes widened in alarm.

      "No! No!" The fearful blonde gasped, trying to struggle free of the older
woman's grasp. "I've no idea! Let me go! Let me go!"

      "Well, now." The Redhead crooned, running her pink tongue over her full,
red lips, in a most lascivious manner. "Next, my little gourmet, you are going
to eat my shit."

      June's beautiful face went deathly pale. Her big blue eyes bulged from her
head with horror, her mouth wide with shock. Then, shaking her head
determinedly, she tried to struggle free of their grip.

      "No! No! I won't do that!" She cried. "I won't! Never! You can't make me!
Not that!"

      "Looks like she means it, Ceel." Dolly laughed.

       "It certainly does!" Agreed Bill, pumping on his, again, stiffened prick.

       "Look, Bitch!" Celia snarled at the young blonde. "There's two ways we
can do this. The easy way. Or the hard way. Which is it going to be? Are you
ready to suck my arse?"

      "Never!" Screeched the struggling young mother. "Never! Never!"

      "Right, you stroppy Slut!" Celia leered. "Then we'll just have to Force
Feed you! Won't we?"

      "AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!" George yelled, with a flurry of hard thrusts into the
girl's bowels.

      "What have you done, George?" Celia sighed, with a look of resigned
distain, at the sweating businessman.

       "Sorry, Ceel." George groaned, with a sheepish grin to the Redhead. "I've
shot my wad up her arse."

      "All right." The Authoress sighed again. "We are going to have to restrain
her now, any way. Bill is stiff again. He can take over when we are ready."

      Grinning, Bill took the weakly struggling girl's wrists from his
staggering friend and held her tightly, while George withdrew his softening cock
from her badly swollen anus and cleaned its reeking length with a wet-wipe.

      Meanwhile, their lecherous ladies got their heads together to plan their
next move.




 A Friend in Need. Chapter 17.



     "Easier to keep her on her knees for this, don't you think, Doll?" Said

Celia, glancing at their victim

     "Oh, I think so, Ceel." Agreed Dolly. "We'll have to strap her arms

again, though."

      The brunette looked at the uncooperative blonde's tightly pressed lips.
"How are we going to keep her mouth open for this?" She asked.

      "You and the boys get her arms strapped up behind her back, darling."
Chuckled the Redhead. "I've got just the things we need, in that cupboard."

       Dolly went to the girl and, with the men's help, strapped the struggling
young Wife's arms, wrists to elbows, as they had been before.

      Celia returned from the cupboard holding three chrome plated implements in
her hands.

      One, a vicious looking, long handled Tongs, with sharp, seri gated teeth
in its jaws and a spring-clip to keep it locked shut, she handed to the eager
Dolly, who examined it with delight.

      The other two, consisting of chromed, sprung steel rods, ratchets, and
hooks, the Redhead kept, for the moment, for her own use.

      Shaking with barely controlled lust, the lecherous Authoress approached
her victim and her three excited accomplices.

      "You had better squat down on your toes behind her and prepare to mount
her arse, Bill." She instructed her tall, handsome husband. "But get hold of her
hair and pull her head back, there's a good boy."

      As June began squealing and struggling franticly in Bill's tight grip,
Celia turned to the fatman.

      "You move the mirror into place first, George." She giggled, spitefully.
"Then get the hand held camera and be sure you get some great close up shots of
her pretty face while she feeds. It's going to be delightful."

      The two cruel women moved to stand in front of the horrified, kneeling
blonde, who looked up at them with big, fearful eyes.

      Celia held one set of steel rods in front of the weeping girl's mouth.
"Come on, Bitch!" She snarled. "Open up for Mommy."

      June closed her lips tight and shook her lovely head, defiantly.

      With a spiteful giggle, Dolly gripped the girl's pretty nose between her
finger and thumb, and firmly pinched her dainty nostrils together.

      By now, George had moved the tall mirror into its strategic position, and
was pointing the cam-corder at the weeping blonde's agonized face.

      Desperately, June tried to keep her mouth tight shut.

      The sadistic Brunette and Redhead laughed gleefully, as the frantic girl
began to suffocate for want of air.

      Suddenly, the gasping blonde opened her mouth and gulped in a great
breath. In a flash, Celia had pressed the little steel frame in between the
girl's jaws and, with a deft flick of her fingers, clicked the black plastic
covered chrome rods behind her even white teeth. The spring loaded clamp sprang
open and locked in place, forcing the horrified girl's mouth open wide.

      "GGGGOOOOOH!" June cried though gaping jaws. "GGOOH! GGGGOOOOOOOOOHHH!"

      "Hold her steady, Bill." Celia called to her husband, who firmly pulled
back on the girl's hair and tilted her lovely face upwards.

      Chuckling, spitefully, the two older women cruelly adjusted the ratchets
on the sides of the jaw clamps, even wider, until the frantic blonde thought her
jaws would break. Then, gleefully, both women dribbled large gobs of saliva,
into the retching girl's widely gaping mouth.

      "Let's get her properly positioned ready." Said Celia, handing here
husband the last of the shiny steel implements. "Here Bill, use this to pull her
head back. It will give you more control than just using her hair."

      Bill took the cruel tool in his right hand. It was very narrow and about a
foot long, with a T shaped handle at one end, and two short U shaped, plastic
covered hooks at the other. Grinning, he reached foreword and inserted one hook
into each of the struggling young blonde's neat little nostrils.

      "EEEEEEEEEEEEENNNNNNGH!"

      June shrieked, loudly, through her widely gaping mouth, as Bill firmly
pulled her head farther back by the hooks deep in her nose, stretching her
nostrils upward.     

     Dolly, moving foreword, eagerly, with the long handled Tongs at the ready,
looked into the squealing girl's gaping mouth and giggled.

     "Her tongue vibrates so amusingly when she shrieks, Ceel." The Brunette
observed, moving the flat, narrow, steel jaws of the Tongs, close to the
stretched wide mouth of the squealing blonde. "Make her do it again, darling,
would you?"

      Celia moved her fingers to the swollen nipple on the bruised gourd of the
weeping girl's hanging right breast and pinched the rubbery stalk hard.

      "AAAAAAANNGH!" June cried, in anguish.

       Swiftly, Dolly thrust the cruel steel jaws of the Tongs into the
squealing girl's gaping mouth and....

       SNAP!

       The vicious, sharp toothed jaws of the Tongs snapped shut, hard, into the
tender tip of the girl's tongue.

       "AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAANNNGGGH!"

        The blonde bellowed, tears spurting from her tightly shut eyes, at the
pain.

       "Got it!" Dolly shrieked with glee, as she gripped the screaming girl's
tongue tight with the Tongs. "Here we go!"

       And to the duet accompaniment of June's pitiful cries and Celia's cruel
laughter, the giggling Brunette pulled the shrieking girl's pink tongue, out of
her clamped open jaws and stretched it, an alarming length, out of her gaping
mouth.

      The flameheaded Authoress studied the wicked tableau before her with a
critical eye. She nodded, as if well satisfied.

       June was on her knees, almost sitting back on her heels but with her
full, rounded bum, raised a little in the air. Leaning foreword as she was, with
arms pulled tightly behind her back, wrists strapped to elbows, her big, bruised
breasts, dangled before her, like purple, over-ripe fruit. Her lovely head was
pulled back hard by her stretched nostrils, so that her tearful face looked
straight up to the ceiling. Her mouth gaped wide, forced open as it was by the
steel jaw clamp, and her alarmingly extended tongue, stretching out over her
lower lip, dripped blood, from where the vicious steel teeth bit into its
crushed tip. She trembled and snivelled, quietly, as she waited for the show to
begin.

      "I'd kneel down, if I were you, Doll." Celia advised her friend. "It'll be
less tiring for you, and it will give me a little more room to squat."

      Complying, but still stretching the girl's tongue some inches out of her
gaping mouth, Dolly kneeled before the whining young wife. 

      "Is this better, Ceel?" Asked the excited Brunette.

      "Perfect, Doll." Leered Celia, gloating over the helpless Blonde. "Gives
me all the room I need to use my little shit pan."

      Turning to Dolly, the Redhead placed her hands on the Brunette's
shoulders, to steady herself and, lifting her shapely leg, swung it over the
kneeling Blonde, and straddled her full, white thighs, over the sobbing girl's
up turned face.

      June, her big blue eyes bulging from her lovely face, gazed up in awe at
the plump lipped, rosy cunt and pink, pouting arsehole, that hovered just inches
above her stretched open mouth.

      She groaned with apprehension and attempted a weak struggle, but Bill and
Dolly held her firmly in position.

      "Right, you dirty Sow." Giggled the lecherous Redhead, as she squatted
lower over the squealing Blonde's face and, looking in the mirror, lined up her
big, pink anus, with the weeping girl's waiting mouth. "Bon Appetite."

      With her shining, green eyes, never leaving the reflection of the young
woman's fearful expression in the mirror, Celia began straining her bowels.

      Dolly also eagerly watched the reflection in the mirror. Although she had
an excellent view of the girl's mouth from where she was, in the mirror she
could see, at an even better angle, her girlfriend's big, white bum, and
bulging, pink bumhole. Glancing up for a moment, at the lovely Authoress's
strained face, she watched with amusement as it turned deep red with the effort.
Looking back quickly at the reflection, the Brunette began trembling with lust;
as she saw the squatting Redhead's anus, bulge out and spread open and the round
end of a big, fat turd, push itself into the world.

      Bill, squatting directly behind the struggling Blonde and gripping her
full hips, firmly, between his strong, muscular thighs, held the girl by the
scruff of the neck and pulled her head back, hard, with the hooks he had
inserted up her stretched nostrils. Watching his Wife's opening arsehole with
delight, he adjusted his hips, and repositioned his huge, steel hard prick,
until its pulsing, bloated, red helmet was pressed against the shaking girl's
shit slicked anus, and readied himself for the thrust.

      George, shaking with lust and trying to hold his Camcorder steady, zoomed
in the lens onto Celia's big, smoothly opening, arsehole and June's wide open
mouth and extended tongue. The expensive digital instrument, efficiently
recorded for posterity, each second of the young Mother's degradation       

      Dolly giggled as she listened to the straining Authoress grunt with the
effort of defecating, and watched the reflection of the Redhead's greatly
dilating arsehole with glee. The stretched rim of Celia's expanded anus was
opened to a diameter of at least two and a half inches, and the fat, firm brown
turd protruded about four inches out of her rectum.

      "Oooooooo! What a Whopper!" Crooned Dolly. "Feed it to her, Ceel." 

      "GNNOOOOOOOOOOHHHHHHHH!"

      June howled loud in protest, through her clamped open jaws. If the gross
sight of the Redhead's turd wasn't enough to fire her revolt, then the pungent
smell that wafted down her open nostrils certainly was. 

      "Careful, Doll!" Bill called, tightening his cruel grip on the desperately
struggling girl. "She's trying to break free!"

      As the tall Sculptor pulled at June's nose and forced back her lovely
head, Dolly stretched the screaming Blonde's pitifully extended tongue even
farther out of her gaping mouth and overcame her resistance.

      "It's alright, Bill." Laughed the excited Brunette, as the sobbing
Blonde's buxom body, slumped in defeat. "We've got her under control."

      Dolly looked up again at the gloating face of the squatting Redhead.

      "Go on, Ceel." She urged, again. "Feed the Sow."

      Watching what she was doing, carefully in the mirror, Celia squatted lower
over the sobbing girl's gaping mouth and, trembling with excitement, rested the
rounded tip of the fat turd against the weeping young woman's extended tongue.

      June began to retch but, before she could vomit, the Redhead's fat turd
slid, whole, from her expanded turd tube, slid down over the horrified Blonde's
tongue and into the back her throat cavity, filling her sweet, gaping mouth with
hot, firm shit.

      Again steadying herself on Dolly's shoulders, Celia quickly swung her leg
back over the young Mother's body and stood next to her kneeling Brunette
girlfriend, while both women gazed, gloatingly, down at June's horrified face.

      The fat turd was about six inches long, and about three thick inches still
protruded from the degraded young woman's shit packed mouth.

      Releasing the girl's tongue, Dolly rose to her feet and threw the tongs to
one side. Amusingly, June, too frightened to move, kept her tongue extended out
of her clamped open mouth. Even when Bill released her nose from the hooks, she
kept her position, unmoved.

      "Let's see if we can remove the clamp without disturbing her meal, Doll."
The leering Redhead giggled. And both women, one each side of the whining girl's
shocked face, began working at opening the clasps on the mouth clamp. Having
clicked it open, they then carefully unhooked the clamp from the shuddering
girl's teeth and moved it up over the protruding turd and off the Blonde's face.

      Having thrown the clamp to one side, Celia joined Dolly, and both leering
women leaned closer to the degraded Blonde and, gleefully, studied her face.
Free of their grip, the young woman slowly raised her head to a more natural and
upright position. The two giggling women were delighted to see the self disgust
that shone from the girl's wide, shame filled eyes.

      "There's a good little Slut." Dolly crooned. "That's a fine, big Sausage
Mrs Pain has fed you. Does it taste nice, my dear?"

       June heaved and nearly threw up. She was trying to keep her horrified
mind off thinking of that.

       "Now, don't you dare spit it out, or I'll ring your udders through the
Tit Mangler." Warned the Authoress, in a firm voice.

      "Oh, I don't think she'd do that, Ceel." Dolly chuckled. "There are some
people who love eating such delicacies."

      "If she actually liked eating shit." Laughed the Redhead. "There'd be no
point in forcing her to eat it!"

      "Well, she's got a real mouthful there." Commented Dolly, gleefully
studying the Girl's lovely, defiled mouth. "Do you think her tongue is sticking
out like that because there's no room for it back in her mouth?"

      "Oh, I think there's room for some more in there yet, Doll." Laughed
Celia. "Let's take a look, shall we?"

      And placing her finger on the fat tip of the protruding turd, she pressed
it, firmly and fully, into the horrified Blonde's mouth.

      June made some funny 'Glug. Gluging.' noises as the turd pushed deep into
the back of her throat and her cheeks bulged out as her mouth was packed full of
shit.

      "That's a good Slut." Celia laughed, as the buxom Blonde tried to contain
the 'big helping' in her mouth. "Go on. Close your lips over it and just hold it
there for a moment."

      June did as she was ordered. She was just able to close her mouth, her
rounded cheeks nearly bursting and her pretty, pink lips, coated with crap.

      "Right. Now, here's your reward for being a good little Sow." The Redhead
smiled her evil smile and looked at her husband. "Bill. Do it."

      With a grin, Bill gripped the Blonde by her rounded shoulders and, pulling
her shapely body back, firmly, onto his mighty prick, he thrust his hips
foreword. His huge knob pressed against the girl's swollen, red anus, and the
pouting lip, opening wide to except its great girth, engulfed the full,
throbbing length of rigid muscle, to its root, in her boiling bowels.

     "AAAAAAAAAAAAAAGH!"

      The Blonde's choked cry filled the room as, big blue eyes bulging from her
head, her jaws opened wide, revealing to the cameras and the eager eyes of her
tormentors, the large, slimy, ball of brown shit, that filled her mouth, covered
her tongue, smeared her teeth, and coated her lovely lips.

      Bill's great cock smoothly pistonned in and out of June's shockingly
expanded rectum, the clenching turdtube, well lubricated by her own spurting
faeces, and his hips thudded into her rounded buttocks at every hard thrust.

     "Yes, that's the treatment this dirty Sow loves." Giggled Celia, as the
degraded Blonde was pulled into a more upright position. "Now, Slut, start
chewing on your Tit-Bit, while Bill buggers you hard."

      The two older women, gleefully gloating over the burning shame and
humiliation  that swept over the girl's red flushed, sweating, naked body,
watched with delight as, her lovely face contorting with disgust, the shuddering
Blonde slowly started to chew the big turd in her mouth.

      The two lecherous ladies, their faces aglow with delight as they gloated
over the Blonde's total debasement, watched closely as the girl's lovely mouth,
her face screwed up in self disgust, chewed the foul tasting excrement.

      "Looks like she loves your flavour, Ceel." Laughed Dolly, as she slipped
her hand between Celia's buttocks and thrust two fingers up the Redhead's
asshole. "And she seems to be enjoying her Buggering, too!"

      "Let's see if we can get her to enjoy it even more, Dolly." The excited,
naked Authoress said as, leering into the shuddering Blonde's face, she moved
her hand down over the girl's belly and onto her gushing cunt. Taking June's
big, swollen, throbbing clitoris between her finger and thumb, Celia began
masturbating the bloated tickler, vigorously.                     

       Her mouth full of firm, bitter tasting faeces, June began squealing in
response to the Redhead's bold, indecent assault.

      "My! She dose like it rough, doesn't she?" Laughed Celia, as she yanked,
stretched, and twisted the squealing Blonde's abused and bloated clitoris. "I'll
make her cum, even as she's eating my shit."

      "Yes! Do it, Ceel!" Dolly laughed, two of her own stiffened fingers
flashing deep in the Redhead's rectum. "Make her Spurt her Custard as she's
savouring your flavour!"

       "Yes! Come on, Bill!" The Authoress called to her swiftly lunging
Husband. "Juggle those big udders of her's! Give them a good, hard, squeeze!
She'll love that!"

      Reaching around the squealing girl, the big man gripped his mount's big
bruised and swollen breasts, one in each hand, and began kneading them, cruelly,
while shafting her stretched and swollen arsehole, vigorously, with his huge
cock.

      George, his own cock bouncing up and beating against his hairy belly,
filmed every second of the groups exciting show. As their lewd act proceeded,
Bill's long, savage thrusts gathered speed. Faster and faster his flashing yard,
pistoned in and out of the screaming Blonde's alarmingly expanded turdtube,
while her shrieks became higher and higher.                

       Agitated now, and still slowly chewing the dissolving lump of excrement
in her mouth, the wailing Blonde began bucking her hips back and fore, in a
frantic effort to assuage the raging lust being generated in her arsehole and
clit.

      Laughing in her face, Celia redoubled her efforts on June's throbbing,
bursting tickler and strummed it furiously.

      "Come on, you dirty fucking Sow." The lustful Redhead crooned. "Let's see
if we can both cum together. Both squirt at the same time."

      Pressing her hot body against that of her highly aroused friend, Dolly was
now returning the favour to Celia's cherry sized clit with her right hand, while
continuing to finger the Redhead's rectum with her left. During these exciting
ministrations, the naked Brunette rarely took her burning gaze from the lovely
face of the buggered Blonde, delighting in her total degradation.

      "Oooooo! Look, Ceel!" She giggled into the Redhead's ear. "She's nearly
finished her main coarse."

      "Yes, Doll." Celia answered. "I've got her desert safe in the Frig, in the
kitchen. But we must hurry. I want her to cum while she still has plenty of my
taste in her mouth. Get ready, Bill. I'm going to take her over the top."  

      And leaning closer to the girl's beautiful, shame flushed face, the lovely
Authoress began mouthing obscenities to her.

      "Ooooo! You dirty Sow! You're really enjoying that big, tasty sausage!"
She crooned, milking the Blonde's big, extremely swollen clitoris, furiously,
and gazing into the girl's big, tearful, blue eyes to see her boiling shame. "Is
the flavour good? You'd better get use to it. You'll be eating a lot of it from
now on. Dolly's next I think. She dose really big turds. You'll love them, I'm
sure." 

      June, weeping, shook her lovely straw blonde head, violently, from side to
side in denial, while still bucking her savagely buggered arse, back and fore,
on Bill's plunging shaft and the Redhead's fingers, with growing enthusiasm.

      "OHHH! GLUNHH! MMMMFFGH!" She groaned aloud.

      "Don't speak with your mouth full, you dirty Bitch!" Celia laughed, while
continuing the girl's vigorous masturbation. "You should see your self. Shit
spurting from both ends. And I know you are loving every minuet of it. You know
how? Because of the way your cunt's gushing, that's how! You've got quite a pool
of juice between your knees. It's running down your thighs, you fucking dirty
Slut!"

      Scalding shame, self disgust, and raging lust swept through the groaning
girl's shuddering, bucking, sweat dripping body, from her stretched and twisted
breasts and her reamed, expanded arsehole, to her throbbing, bloated tickler,
that was being so expertly strummed by the laughing, older woman. Celia was
quite right! She did love it! It was wonderful! The shame, humiliation, and self
disgust, washed over her in delicious waves of delight. The multiple orgasms
that racked her spine and drove her to hysteria, rushed her on to the big one.
It was nearly on her! Oh, God! She was going to cum! SHE WAS GOING TO CUM!

      "AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAANNNGH!" June yelled as her climax hit her, giving both
older women and George's camcorder, another good look at the lump of faeces that
filled her pretty mouth.

      "LOOK! LOOK! SHE'S CUMMING!" Squealed Dolly, both her hands flashing
between Celia's thighs and buttocks. "She's spurting her custard! Oooooo! She
does so much! It's splashing every where!" 

      "AAAAAAAH! FUUUUUCK!" Yelled Bill, his bursting prick pistoning,
furiously, in and out of June's bucking, clenching bumhole. "HER ASSHOLE'S
SUCKING MY COCK!!! AAAH! AAAAAAAH! I'M GOING TO CUM!!!! NNAAAAAH! AAAAAAAAH! I'M
CUMMING!!!!! CUMMMMMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIG!!!!!!"

      It was as if his fevered brain had exploded, the electric charge shooting
down his sizzling spinal cord, expanded in his big bollocks, was propelled,
forcefully, up the piss-tube of his shaft, to gush out of his swelling knob,
seemingly shattering the huge plumbed dome as it burst into his mount's
intestines. 

      Pulling the convulsing young woman back, hard, onto his thrusting shaft
and bellowing like a bull, the muscular Sculptor shot great gouts of thick,
boiling spunk, deep into the shrieking Blonde's boiling bowels.

      June, who appeared to be in the throes of a sexual fit, threw back her
lovely head and howled to the ceiling. Thrilled and excited by the shame and
humiliation they were subjecting her to, and writhing, lasciviously, in the
pleasure of the greatest orgasm of her naive and inexperienced life, the
sublimely smiling Blonde continued rapturously consuming and chewing on the
thick turd that filled her full-lipped and sensuous mouth.       

      "Oooooooo! Look! Look! She's eating it!" Dolly screamed, racked in climax.
"She loves it! She fucking loves it!"

      "AAAAAAAAAAAAH! AAAAAAH! I'M CUUUUUUMMMING" Celia groaned, as Dolly's
furiously flashing fingers triggered the Redhead's orgasm. "Yes, you fucking
dirty Slut! Eat it! EAT IT!" She snarled.

      With the exception of George who, with ferocious delight, caught all the
debauchery on camera, and who's stiff cock beat against his belly, Bill and the
three lust consumed women, were all caught up in a sort of mass orgasmic
ecstasy. All four shrieking and spurting their fuck juices in thick, copious
gouts, their bodies shook and convulsed as they clung to each other, until their
ecstatic writhing slowed to a stop.

      With a groan, Bill fell over backwards, his reeking shaft pulling out of
the shuddering Blonde's gaping arsehole with a slurping 'PLOP' and lay steaming,
against his muscular belly. Celia and Dolly's shapely legs buckled under them
and both women slumped to their knees, where June fell forewords into their
arms. George took one last shot of the three, quivering, naked women, and shut
off the camcorder.

      "That's a good place to stop that scene." The fat, hairy, business man
grinned, putting the camera down onto a side table. "I can't wait to see this
film, and I can't wait to see Mrs Bending watching it, too!"

      The women stirred. The heavily breathing Redhead, still gently milking the
sweat soaked Blonde's swollen, throbbing clitoris, turned to George and smiled
sweetly.

      "We've not finished yet, George." She winked, lasciviously. "The rest of
the Cams are still filming so, while Dolly and I get Mrs Bending to clean up
Bill's cock, would you be a darling and go and get the big Brandy glass out of
the frig and bring it to me, please?"

      With a grin, George turned and left the big room.

      "Come on, Doll." Urged the lecherous Authoress, tugging at the softly
groaning Blonde. "Help me get these straps off her arms and get her over to
Bill. She's got some cleaning up to do."

       Quickly coming to their senses, the two giggling women removed the
leather cuffs from June's arms and manoeuvred the recovering Blonde over to
where the handsome Sculptor lay slumped on the floor. Bill's huge, reeking prick
was still half erect and lay, bloated and steaming, across his hard stomach. Its
swollen, pulsing shaft was thickly coated in a slimy mixture of his own spunk
and a smooth brown paste.

      "Oooooo! Look, Ceel!" Squealed the delighted Brunette, pointing at the
steaming mess "His cock has beaten her shit to a batter!"

      "Yes! I see it, Dolly." Chuckled the Redhead, pushing the Blonde's face
close to the throbbing shaft. "Look Mrs Bending. See what a mess your big bum
has made over Mr Pain's 'Whopper'!"

      Grinning broadly, Bill staggered to his feet, and thrust his groin out so
his lolling, stinking yard was close to the Blonde's lust swollen lips. She
tried to pull away, a grimace of disgust wrinkling her pretty face, but Celia
grabbed a fistful of her corn-blonde hair, and held her firmly in place. She
again felt, deliciously helpless. To her delight, her swollen cunt, once more
began to dribble its rich creamy juice.

      "Come on, Slut!" Laughed Dolly, gripping one of the girl's badly swollen
nipples and pinching it, spitefully. "Get that pretty mouth and tongue of yours
working, and clean Mr Pain's prick! It's the least you can do, since you made
such a dirty mess on it!"

      Almost swooning with delight and blushing red with shame, June moved her
mouth to Bill's bloated 'Whopper' and putting out her wet tongue, carefully
licked up over the Sculptor's gnarled and crap coated cock.

      "That's the way." Celia squealed, gleefully. "Make a good job of it, now!"

      "Does it taste as nice as Mrs Pain's, my dear?" Giggled Dolly. "Has it got
as good a flavour?"

      As the boiling, red flush of shame and humiliation washed over her soft,
shapely body, once again, June felt the luscious thrill of total degradation
flow, hotly, through her veins as she really did taste the flavour of her bodily
fluids flooding over her taste buds.

      "Look. There's some quite thick stuff packed under his knob-flange." Celia
pointed out. "Take the whole helmet in and suck it clean."

      "Yes, get you tongue tip into all the wrinkles." Leered Dolly, her dark
eyes shining. "Get it all. There's some thick stuff around the root. Make sure
you get that too."

       Dutifully, her hands resting on Bill's lean, muscular thighs, June worked
her tongue and sucking mouth, up and down and over the handsome Sculptor's huge
knob until, when it at last popped out of her mouth, it was spotlessly clean.

       "Excellent job, Mrs Bending." Beamed Celia. "I can see that you are
really beginning to enjoy your training."

       Just then George arrived back with the large Brandy Glass out of the
frig, and handed it to the beautiful Authoress before, again, picking up the
Camcorder and, focusing it on their little group.

       Celia lifted the large glass and, held it close enough to June's face so
that the girl could clearly see what was in it.

       June fixed her big blue eyes on the large glass and its creamy contents
and tentively licked the pink tip of her tongue over her full lips.

      "Do you know, I think she's quite looking foreword to this, Dolly." The
Redhead leered at her friend, and then turned to her husband. "Bill, darling, do
be a Sweetie and move that bench over her and lift Mrs Bending up onto it,
there's a good boy."

      Pushing the Mirror out of the way, Bill did as he was ordered, and moved a
large bench into the circle of lights. When he was satisfied with its position,
he lifted the buxom Blonde up and placed her to stand on its smooth surface.

      "Turn around and squat down, Mrs Bending." The Redhead instructed.

       June, excitedly, sensing a new humiliation, quickly obeyed. Turning her
back on her tormentors, she squatted down on her heels, placing her hands,
fingers spread, on the surface of the bench, before her.

      "That's lovely, my dear." Smiled Celia. "Just round out that big bum of
yours and raise it up a bit. Yes, that's perfect. Now, Dolly, you pull those fat
arsecheeks of her's apart, so we can all get a good view of her beautiful
bumhole."

      Dolly quickly moved to the side of the squatting girl and, making sure she
didn't obstruct the view of the camera in any way, she leaned over the blonde's
back and, gripping one of her big, round arsecheeks in each hand, firmly pulled
them apart. 

      All eyes, and the camcorder, were now focused on the younger woman's big,
pouting, swollen red anus.

      Knowing her most secret place was once again the centre of the four
libertine's attention, June shuddered with delicious humiliation, and the
delightful crimson blush of shame flooded, hotly, over her pale, shapely body.
Her cunt, again, began throbbing with little orgasms.

      "Right, now Mrs Bending." Celia leered as she held the chilled rim of the
Brandy Glass just beneath the buxom young woman's stretched and bulging
arsehole. "Contract your bowels and see what you can squeeze out."

      Dutifully, the blushing young Blonde obeyed. Quickly her pouting arsehole
bulged out even more and, with a loud, wet, squelching fart, a gush of thick,
rich, hot spunk, spurted out of her puckered anus.

      "Oooooooooo! Look!" Crooned Dolly, with excited delight, as the gluey,
brown streaked, spunk jetted into the glass and lay, steaming, like coffee
cream, on top of the cool, white 'Cod's-Wallop' that already filled three
quarters of the crystal goblet.

      "Ooooooo! Yes!" Celia leered, her green eyes afire with lust. "The boys
pounding have mixed their juices well with her crap! Come on, Slut! There's
plenty more up there. Shit it all out."

      And, wallowing in her degradation under the gloating eyes of her four
abusers, June strained hard and spurted thick gouts of the fouled, mottled brown
spunk into the glass, until it was almost overflowing.

      At last, when the humiliated girl could only fart, wetly, over its
contents, Celia removed the glass and had her husband lift the Blonde to the
floor.

      While Dolly stood behind June and held both her arms, the leering Redhead
lifted the glass up before the Blonde's pretty face. The girl's big blue eyes
widened as she gazed at its contents. Her full, sensual, lower lip trembled and
again the hot blush of shame turned her lovely features red, flooded down her
neck and over both, full, soft breasts. 

     Giggling cruelly, Celia moved the glass until its contents was just under
the buxom young Blonde's nose, so its rich aroma could waft up the girl's
flaring nostrils. June's full lips curled in disgust and she began turning her
head away. But, at a warning pinch from Dolly, she remained looking submissively
into the Authoress's cruel green eyes.

      "What's the matter, Mrs Bending?" The Redhead laughed. "Don't you like the
look of this delicious Cocktail? We've all contributed something towards it. You
as much as anyone. What a delightful combination of flavours it must have. Just
a minuet. Let me mix them up for you."

      And holding the glass in her left hand, the lustful lady dipped the middle
finger of her right hand into the slimy concoction, and stirred the warm, brown
streaked spunk into the cool, white, creamy mixture of spunk and cuntcustard,
until the whole contents was thoroughly mixed and swirled around in the glass.

      Lifting her dripping, slime coated finger from the creamy Cocktail, the
Authoress contemplated it, while licking her lips, lewdly. Then, carefully
watching the fair girl's awed face, she thrust her finger into her own greedy
mouth and sucked it clean.

      "Ah! Beautiful!" Celia laughed, licking her lips with relish. "Pure
Nectar! Ambrosia! And it's all for you, Mrs Bending! It's all for you!"

      Leering, lecherously, at her victim, she moved the big glass to the young
Blonde's sweet mouth.

      "Drink." The Redhead commanded.

      June drew back her lovely head and shuddered with revulsion.

      "Oh, Mrs Pain! Please!" She sobbed. "Please, no! I couldn't!"

      "Well, my dear." Celia snarled, with a cruel smile. "Its drink this or you
go to the 'stake'. So don't be silly. You know you want to, really. Come on.
Just one mouthful. Just one."

      With tears running down her shame flushed cheeks and her lovely face
contorted with self disgust, June moved her full, sensual lips to the rim of the
glass.

      Grinning wolfishly, Celia tilted the big glass towards the girl's open
mouth.

      "Come on." She urged the girl, as she poured the thick, obscene cream
between the blonde's lust swollen lips. "One big mouthful."

      The young Wife drew in to her mouth a big mouthful and swallowed it down
with a gulp. Then, as the four libertines gazed, gleefully on, the girl's eyes
opened wide with surprise.

      "Mmmmmmmmmmm!" She groaned, her flushed cheeks bulging with the slimy
jelly that filled her mouth. It was quite obvious that the girl was trying to
protest about something, but Celia just laughed and tilted the glass up even
more.

      "Glumph! Gluggg!" The buxom young woman swallowed again and another draft
of thick Spunk was drawn out of the glass and between her full, red lips.

      Celia giggled and tilted the glass up farther, forcing the gagging girl's
head back so that they could all see her soft, white throat working as the
thick, slimy cream slid down into her belly.

      "Glumph!" June gulped, again, and another big salty mouthful slid over her
tongue and down her throat into her bloated belly.

      "Gluggg!" The girl gulped again and another big mouthful slid down.
"Glugg!" And again. "Glug!"

      Gloatingly, the four lechers watched with delight as the thick, spunk
cocktail slid, with a last big gulp, down the shapely, naked Blonde's smoothly
swallowing throat.

      The leering Redhead held the Brandy glass tilted high, so the very last
glob of the thick, rich creamy jelly, slid slowly down into the girl's gaping,
wet lipped mouth, then stepped back away from her with a delighted grin.

      As Dolly released her arms, June straightened up and gave a loud cry of
disgust.

      "Oh, God! Uuulck! Uuuullck!" She retched, dryly, thrusting her spunk
coated tongue, in and out of her slime fouled mouth, as her four tormentors
roared with cruel laughter.

      "I don't get it!" Said George, a little slower than his friends. "Why, if
you told her she only had to take one mouthful, did the dirty Slut swallow the
whole fucking glassful?"

      "Well, don't you see, darling?" Celia laughed. "All that spunk and
cuntcream, had congealed into just one gluey mass. As soon as she had swallowed
one good mouthful, the rest just slid down her throat after it in one long slimy
length. She couldn't stop swallowing it, she just had to keep gulping it down."

      Once again the four libertines roared with laughter, while the degraded
young Wife and Mother stood, shamed and humiliated, before them, still rolling
her slimy tongue around her gluey mouth. Retching as if she were about to throw
up, the beautiful naked Blonde stood with her head bowed, her soft, full curves
rippling with shudders of delight, as her sweat coated body was racked with
continuous multiple orgasms that contorted her cunt and caused it to gush and
dribble as the scalding flush of shame washed over her red, flushed flesh.

      "We'll take her back inside now." The beautiful Authoress said when they
had, at last, composed themselves. "Both you boys are stiff once more, and I'm
sure we all want to get at her again. I know Dolly and I have a few things we
are going to do to her, that are going to really thrill us all. So, as we have
plenty of time this week-end, let's go and have a few drinks and a few 'snorts',
just to keep things 'on the boil', and then we'll continue with her punishment."

      As she lead the group towards the door, Celia ran her hand down over the
Blonde's bruised and swollen buttocks and, slipping it between the heavy cheeks,
thrust two stiffened fingers, up the girl's stretched and pouting arsehole.

      "After we've finished with her, Doll," The Redhead said to her brunette
girlfriend, while carefully watching the trembling Blonde's reactions. "We'll
sandwich her between the boys."

      Seeing the girl shudder, she went on. "Yes, my dear, you'll just love
having Mr Cain's prick up your cunt, while at the same time Mr Pain's 'Whopper'
will be reaming your lovely new arsehole, I'm sure."

      And eagerly, all five naked lechers, hurried from the 'Play Pen'.     




Chapter 18.

                                                           Penthouse Suite
                                                           Hilton Hotel
Miss Dolly Stern,                                          London.
10 Respectable Road,
Cleanville,
Berks.



Darling Dolly,

      Excellent news. As you can see, Bill and I are in London and today I had a
meeting with the Duchess.
     
      Oh, Dolly, it went so well. I gave her a disc of the film we took of Mrs.
Bending when you brought her to stay with us, and we watched it together. Her
Ladyship was delighted with it, and she seems, consequently, to have developed
quite a letch for our buxom young Slut. She said she could not wait to get her
hands on that splendid big bum of her's. And, oh Dolly, she has invited us all,
me, Bill, you, George and June, to the Island for the next Great Orgy. It will
be for a full two weeks, leaving and returning on a Sunday. The first couple of
days, guests stay at a luxury Health Club owned by the Duchess in Capetown,
where all are tested for infectious diseases, as condoms are not aloud on the
Island. Then, if all is well, as it will be, we will all fly out to the Island
to join the Duke and Duchess for the festivities. We leave in just four weeks
time. Just get your selves and June to the Airport and the rest is on the Duke.
Two weeks of Sex and Sun. It will be wonderful! You wouldn't believe what sights
you will see there.

      After we had seen the film, and had talked about what we had done to Mrs.
Bending and made her do to us, (Much to her Ladyships amusement, I would add.)
the Duchess let me into a surprise treat for the Orgy. The Duke has acquired the
services of a man who has trained a special troop of Performing Stud Jackasses
to rape unwilling women. Most Donkeys, it seems, would be too frightened by the
screams and struggles of their terrified mates, to be able to perform, but these
animals will fuck well even in the noisiest circumstances. The Jackasses, says
her Ladyship, are already on the Island, resting and building up their strength
their performances, when each day some of them will be "Married" to girls
abducted from the African mainland. These "Weddings" and, of course, their
consummation, will take place in public. The Duchess assured me that, contrary
to popular belief, the women rarely die of such a shafting. In fact, she said,
that if they 'put on a good show' she has them mounted a number of times, and
used in other lewd and amusing entertainments too.

      She said she thought Mrs. Bending had the build and stamina to put on a
really amusing and exciting display with such a well hung lover. That would be,
she said, a sight she and the Duke would dearly love to witness.

      Well, my dear, a nod's as good as a wink, as they say, so I immediately
volunteered Mrs. Bending's services.

      The Duchess was delighted. It was so rare, she said, that she had a
beautiful white woman that she could subject to one of her more spectacular
amusements. She assured me that she would personally see to it, that Mrs.
Bending was serviced by only the most virile, vigorous and well endowed of the
Stud so that she would give a most thrilling exhibition. She added, too, that
she had been thinking of experimenting to see if it were possible that a woman
could be fully buggered by a Jackass. She said she thought that a girl with an
arse like June's would be ideal for the purpose. I said that I was sure that
June would be just what her Ladyship was looking for, and that we would all be
looking foreword to seeing a real spectacle.

      So you see, darling, we have just got to contain ourselves for four more
weeks. Make sure Mrs. Bending gets to the Airport! A little more blackmail will
do the trick. I'll phone you next week with all the flight details.

                                                    See you soon.
                                                               All my love.
                                                                      Celia. XX.

P.S. Better not mention Jackasses to June. Let it be a lovely surprise for her.

P.P.S. Oh, fuck, Dolly! I'm sopping!      




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pete Greenman


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





