BDSM Library - Examination




Examination
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A doctor acts on his long-held fantasy about having his way with a beautiful patient. He is met with violent resistance but can't go back once he's started.
Examination

In the waiting room, the last patient for the day sat with her legs placed
primly together, casually reading the most recent edition of Vanity Fair. The
doctor hardly looked at her as he called her name, leading her into the surgery
for her appointment. He read her file as she sat across the desk from him, and
he saw that she had booked in for a regular checkup. She was flushed with a
little embarrassment as she mentioned to him that she was also due for her pap
smear. The doctor looked at the young woman, a little amused at her shyness. She
was young, perhaps 17 or 18, and he noticed that she was very attractive in an
innocent way; her huge, blue eyes, long blonde hair and generous pink mouth gave
her the look of a botticelli angel. Despite her modest clothing, he could make
out that she was quite small, and very slim with breasts that were slightly
larger than proportionate to her body.

After taking her blood pressure and conducting the first stage of the physical,
the doctor told her to take off her underpants and lie behind the curtain on the
examination bed. She obliged and the doctor approached her, seeing that she had
been wearing a black, nylon g-string which was now neatly folded and placed on
her handbag.

The doctor placed a metal speculum at the moist, tight entrance to her vagina.
She involuntarily shivered and clenched the muscles between her legs as she
anticipated feeling its cold hardness entering her. 'Relax' soothed the doctor
as he prepared to insert the inanimate object into the young woman's sex. 'This
will be a little bit uncomfortable but if you relax it won't hurt so much.'  The
girl tried to follow the doctor's advice but she remained conscious of the
pressure the cold object was placing on the entrance to her vagina. She enjoyed
the sensation, and also the notion of violation that such a cold, hard object
was about to penetrate her. She was embarrassed as the quivering and swelling of
her pussy and the increased flow of juices from her insides betrayed her sense
of arousal.

Her reaction didn't go unnoticed by the doctor, who himself felt his penis begin
to harden at the effect that his actions were having on the girl. As he firmly
and slowly guided the speculum inside her body, guiding it past her entrance
inch by cold, unyielding inch, he could feel the resistance that her pussy
provided as it was penetrated deeper and deeper. By the time all eight inches of
the speculum was completely embedded inside the girl's now wet and throbbing
vagina, his cock was completely hard, straining against the zipper of his pants.

Even though he was used to performing internal examinations on women and indeed
conducted several each day, it was rare for a woman to respond with such obvious
arousal to the cold hardness of the instrument; when they did, it always had a
reciprocal arousing effect on him.  The realisation that the woman enjoyed being
in this vulnerable position, her legs suspended in stirrups to expose the soft,
pink opening of her vagina which was stretched to accommodate the shiny,
protruding object, greatly excited the doctor. He noticed that the girl was also
breathing quite heavily and on glancing at her large breasts, he noticed that
her nipples had grown erect and now protruded noticeably from her tight blouse.
Her eyes were closed and she seemed to be unaware of his own arousal.  Standing
between her widely parted legs, the doctor imagined what it would be like to
take advantage of this position to deeply insert his large, throbbing cock into
the depths of her pink, shiny and vulnerable pussy.

To his own surprise, he began to seriously consider how he might be able to
fulfil the fantasy that was formulating in his mind. He would need to make sure
that nobody else was aware of what was happening. Even if the girl did not
resist his advances, he would be in severe violation of his professional code of
practice.

Making the impulse decision to take advantage of the situation he was in and act
on the fantasy that he had entertained for many years, he removed himself from
between the woman's legs and tried to control his now hoarse and shaking voice
as he spoke to her. 'Sorry, but could you just excuse me for a moment.' The
woman, who had indeed been preoccupied with her own arousal to this moment, did
not seem surprised and was amicable to waiting. First, as it was nearing the end
of a quiet day, he sent the receptionist home early, locking the door as she
left. He retrieved a cotton bandage from the surgical store... he wasn't sure
whether it would be required, but he had better have something to restrain the
unwitting patient if she was reluctant to participate in his fantasy. Because
once he had started there would be no turning back.

In all, he had been gone for only a minute or two, so the woman was unconcerned
and seemed to have relaxed a little, having grown accustomed to having the cold,
hard instrument so deeply and firmly inserted into her pussy. As he resumed his
previous position between the woman's spread-eagled legs, his penis once again
grew harder at the sight of her alert breasts and her vulnerable pussy so
tightly gripping the firmly lodged speculum. He tied two slipknots in the
bandage and loosely guided one over each of the woman's feet, attaching them
softly to the stirrups holding her legs in that vulnerable position, so that she
would not be able to perceive any pressure around her ankles. She thus remained
unaware of what the doctor was doing, for the moment anyway.

Quietly, the doctor undid the button of his pants and held his breath as he
prepared to unzip his fly. He would need to work very quickly in the next few
seconds so that before the woman grew suspicious of his hesitation and
unexpected movements, he would have her legs firmly tied to the stirrups,
preventing her from resisting the rape that he would soon carry out.

In one quick movement, he pulled the ends of the bandage so that the loops
around her ankles instantly became tight, restraining her so that she would be
forced to remain in that defenseless position. Her legs remained widely parted,
with her naked pink, shiny pussy exposed and vulnerable for him to violate as he
pleased. At the same time, with his free hand, he unzipped his fly to release
his huge, throbbing erection, which now pounded with excitement in the
anticipation of being plunged into the woman's soft, moist vagina.

The woman quickly sat up and opened her wide eyes, aware that something had
suddenly gone very wrong. The sight that met her wide eyes filled her with shock
and terror.  The partly-naked doctor towered over her slight body. His cock was
massive; at least ten inches long and three inches wide; it was red and swollen
with arousal, and pre-cum oozed from the head. Some of his pre-cum trickled
right down the shaft, leaving it covered with obscene, shiny streaks of wetness.
She was in no doubt of what the doctor intended to do next. She struggled to
close her legs, to kick this animal away and somehow get him as far as possible
from her exposed nakedness.  Soon she realised that her efforts were futile;
that with her ankles so firmly bound to the unyielding stirrups her legs
remained completely immobile. Trying to lean forward, she struck out with her
bare hands at the man who intended to violate her but because of the awkward
position that she was in, she couldn't lean forward far enough to reach him.

The struggle did not surprise the doctor; he was prepared for a violent reaction
as she lashed out at him. Realising that she was stronger than her slight build
suggested, he moved from between her legs and stood over her body. He grabbed
both of her hands, subduing her attempt to fight him off her, and held them
behind the bed that she was now firmly imprisoned in. Looking for the nearest
device that he could use to restrain her by the wrists, he grabbed his
stethoscope from around his neck and tied its firm yet pliable rubber tubing
around her wrists, pinning her arms behind her back and rendering her completely
immobile.

As he bound her wrists, she screamed, cried and pleaded for somebody to help,
for him to please not hurt her. He was unconcerned and decided to let her
continue her futile screaming, because he knew that nobody could hear her. He
also found that her obvious state of panic and horror heightened his arousal
even more.

Her large, blue eyes grew wide and pleading as she watched the doctor resume his
position between her widely straddled and bound legs. Tears ran down her cheeks
as she grew resigned to the fact that this person who she had so implicitly
trusted was going to force on her his enormous, frightening cock, and use her so
brutally for his own depraved pleasure.

Her ample breasts jiggled with her struggling movements, and he wished that he
could see them naked. He imagined that they would be an awesome sight if they
were exposed; he grabbed a scalpel from beside the bed and with great adeptness
cut the front of her blouse open. Only her lacy bra concealed what he could see
was a pair of perfect, smooth round breasts and it took only one quick incision
with the scalpel to cut the fabric that held the size 10D bra cups together. His
cock grew even more painfully erect, and a renewed trickle of pre-cum covered
the head of his cock as he took in the sight of her now completely exposed body;
her short skirt had ridden up to expose her slender, parted legs and her neat,
partly-shaven pussy. She had a flat, tanned stomach and her breasts were even
firmer and more incredible than he had imagined with perfect, rosy pink areolas
which stood erect, giving the impression that she was immensely turned on.

She saw the expression on his face and grew mortified, realising that her body's
reaction to the fear and terror that she felt indicated that she was somehow
excited or aroused by the situation.

Returning to his position between her parted legs, the doctor remained a few
feet from where she lay, slowly stroking his cock as he regarded the surgical
object which throughout this woman's ordeal had remained tightly embedded in the
depths of her soft vagina. He could actually see it rhythmically bobbing up and
down as the blood now flowed so copiously through her pelvic area that the
insides of her tense vagina throbbed agonisingly.  Her ass was suspended over
the end of the examination bed and her tight, virgin asshole was also exposed
from this angle. He wondered what it would be like to insert his throbbing
erection into this impenetrably tight orifice of hers.

He inserted his forefinger into her pussy, which had secreted so much cum from
the previous excitement she had felt as he inserted the speculum so deeply
inside her that he could feel that it still oozed into the passage which still
remained held open by the speculum.  He withdrew to discover that it was now
covered in her hot, dripping cum. He used his cum-covered finger to play gently
with her asshole, slightly inserting his finger inside and feeling it tensing up
to tightly encircle his fingertip. He then inserted three fingers inside the
girl's warm, moist vagina. The flow of her cum was had been so copious that his
fingers were now covered with wetness and he wiped his fingers once again on the
girl's asshole, amply lubricating it to prepare for its impending violation. He
grasped the head of his large cock in one hand and spread the oozing pre-cum to
cover its head, rendering it shiny and slippery, ready to penetrate the
tightest, sweetest asshole he had ever laid his eyes on.

The girl gasped as she felt his fingers intruding on the most vulnerable and
prized parts of her body. Her renewed struggles further excited the doctor and
he could wait no longer to take the girl's body and make it his. He firmly
pressed his cock against her anus and pushed it firmly forward. After some
initial resistance, the lubrication from their combined cum allowed the tip of
his large head to smoothly ease into her tiny ass, instantly encased by her
warm, lubricated flesh. Their eyes locked as he looked up at her beautiful,
pleading face and he could see an expression of more than just shock and pain in
her huge, blue eyes as she whimpered softly to herself. The look in her eyes
grew indescribable as his cock slipped further inside her resisting ass, until
all ten inches of his throbbing erection, right up to his cum-filled balls, were
firmly planted in her virgin flesh. He thrust inside her once, twice, as deeply
as he could, savouring how tightly her ass grasped his cock. He could feel the
speculum, which still filled her vagina through the thin membranes separating
the two orifices, making her asshole even tighter than it would have otherwise
been. He continued fucking his cock deeply into her ass, enjoying its
unbelievable, hot tightness. It was within minutes of fucking this incredible
ass that he could feel his balls tighten, sperm ready to shoot through his huge
cock.  Just before he came, she could feel his erection further engorging inside
her, painfully filling her almost to the point of splitting, and she
involuntarily tensed her ass muscles, which gripped his cock even more tightly
than before. She felt the violent spasms wracking her small body and was
incredulous as s a wave of bittersweet ecstasy overtook her senses, causing her
to climax against her will, but still with incredible intensity. The doctor
could no longer hold back the violent orgasm that exploded from his groin and
his whole body shook as his cock erupted vast loads of his burning cum into the
girl's insides. Each time a new surge expelled itself from his probing head, he
thrust deeper inside and he imagined that he was filling her entire beautiful
body with his giant erection and virile cum.

He remained inside her until his erection subsided, savouring the sight of her
nakedness; tears rolled down her cheeks and her eyes cast downward. She avoided
his gaze, wishing to avoid the sight of the animal who had violated her
vulnerable body and humiliatingly caused her to lose control of her body's most
intimate and primal urges. She had given up hope of anybody hearing her screams
- and now just sobbed quietly, relieved that the ordeal was over.

The doctor, however, had completely different ideas.  For many reasons, this was
the most gratifying fornication he had ever experienced; he had never raped a
girl before and her helplessness and struggles had heightened the already
intense excitement that he gained from fucking such a tight ass on such a
beautiful body. Although he was usually satisfied after just one intense orgasm,
he felt that he had received only a taste of the pleasure that this young girl
could provide him with.

Keen to once again enjoy the pleasure that he derived from her body, the doctor
removed the cum-covered speculum from the girl's vagina. He un-bound her legs
from the stirrups to which they had been firmly attached, and overcame her
renewed kicking and struggling to force her ankles tightly together, tying them
firmly with the bandage. Knowing that she would not be able to move far with her
legs bound, he felt no hesitation in un-binding her arms so that he was able to
move her into a position which would allow him to enjoy her perfect body with
renewed vigour.

Keeping her ankles firmly tied together, he forced her to bend forward over the
examination table, keeping her ass raised high in the air. He grabbed her small
hands in his and forced them behind her back, lifting them painfully upward so
that her shoulders felt that they might dislocate any minute.

Now that she was standing up, the copious cum that he had deposited deep inside
her ass started to trickle out, moistening the insides of her thighs, leaving
them glistening and slick. He bent his knees so that the end of his once again
erect cock rested below her tight, sweet ass cheeks and he firmly slid it firmly
between her wet thighs which remained firmly pressed together. As he continued
to fuck his cock between her thighs, he could feel its head and shaft grazing
the shaven, moist lips of her pussy. Parting the lips slightly, he rubbed his
cock past the entrance to her pussy, the head gently brushing against her
clitoris. Back and forward he moved, his cock growing harder and fatter as he
enjoyed the tight, wet haven of her slim thighs and her soft cunt lips.

The sight of the girls' firm, round breasts, which bounced tantalisingly as each
of his forward thrusts forced her body to rock back and forth, soon became too
much for him to bear, and he suddenly had the incredibly intense urge to pound
his ten inches of hard cock into her hot, tight, wet cunt.

He grabbed the girl by the shoulders, and as he inserted his large, throbbing
head between her inside labia, he pulled her backwards with great force,
impaling her sharply on the full length of his swollen shaft. He groaned with
ecstasy as he finally felt his dick sliding into the hot wetness of her pussy,
pressing its way through her narrow, resisting flesh. The girl squealed with
terror and searing pain as she felt his massive cock violating her once again.
She had never felt anything so viciously overpowering as the way his cock felt
at that moment, driving its way toward her womb and painfully smashing against
her vulnerable cervix.

The doctor continued to hammer his engorged cock roughly into the girl's
resisting vagina, with each deep stroke he pulled her shoulders backward so that
he was able to force himself more violently and more satisfyingly into its hot
wetness. The rhythmic pressure of his cock ramming past her cervix caused the
girl to realise that despite the horror of this nightmare, she had no control
over the response that her body reacted with to the harsh fucking that the
doctor was giving her from behind. The sweet, hot juices started to flow from
her womb and once again, she closed her eyes with both frustration and ecstasy
as her body was wrenched with an orgasm so agonising that hot tears streamed
from her eyes, and sweat dripped from her brow, covering the bed beneath her
with hot, salty dampness. The doctor felt her vagina tensing and growing
copiously wet as she climaxed. Her vagina clenched, and squeezed his cock so
hard that he felt as though he might explode at that very moment. He pulled out
slightly, wanting to delay his orgasm so that he could keep fucking the girl for
longer; although he couldn't make this experience last forever, he wanted it to
continue for as long as possible.

The girl sensed the doctor pulling away and releasing his strong grip on her
shoulders; this was her opportunity to fight back and even if she couldn't
escape, she wanted to inflict so much pain on this creature that he would have
some concept of the agony and suffering that he had put her though. She wriggled
her tight ass and tried to turn around, lunging at the doctor with her fists and
nails. He grabbed her tightly around the waist so that she wouldn't be able to
pull her impaled cunt away from his huge erection.  He marvelled at how narrow
her writhing and struggling waist was; she felt so young, smooth and pliable,
like a doll that he could manoeuvre and enjoy as he pleased.  Her continued
wriggling caused her vagina to tighten and press down harder on his cock, and
her smooth, tight ass banged against his full, bulging balls. It was more than
he could bear and for the second time, hot, virile spunk exploded from his
balls, surging through his thick shaft. The girl felt his load ejaculating from
the piercing head of his cock, profusely spraying her cunt with hot liquid. She
could imagine it invading her unprotected cervix and entering her tender,
precious womb.

Anger swept over her as she realised that the creature who had violated her so
profanely for his own selfish pleasure had no regard for the pain and
humiliation that he had caused her. She wanted him to die for his gross breach
of humanity; it was the only way that she could imagine receiving any small
compensation for the hell that she had endured in this hauntingly quiet, sterile
room.

As he continued to release his cum deeply into her resisting body, she sensed
that he was completely engrossed in his continuing and seemingly endless climax.
As his eyes closed and his face contorted in ecstasy, she seized the opportunity
to lean over and grab the scalpel that he had used to rip her shirt and her bra
from her beautiful body. Hating the slimy feeling of his huge cock and his juice
still violating her, she thrust her arm downward past her hip and forced the
scalpel as hard as she could into the doctor's leg. Gasping, he moved away,
instantly releasing his grip on her waist and withdrawing his cum-covered
erection from her cunt with a sudden, painful wrench. The girl moved quickly,
and spun around to plunge the scalpel into the soft skin of the doctor's throat.
As his eyes rolled back in agony, she once again withdrew the scalpel, and used
it to repeatedly stab the doctor in every accessible part of his contemptible
body; the same way that he had repeatedly stabbed his huge, violating erection
into her vulnerable flesh. She lost track of the number of times the scalpel
pierced the doctor's flesh; his neck, heart, stomach, until he lay lifeless on
the floor, now better resembling the helpless and pathetic piece of scum that he
really was. He lay on the ground, seemingly lifeless apart from the gurgling
noises coming from inside his throat. She reached down to untie the bandages
that had bound her legs throughout the ordeal and ran blindly for her escape,
glad that she had survived the ordeal alive. 




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  MEL2109


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





