BDSM Library - Mrs. Feldman's Cookies




Mrs. Feldman's Cookies
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Kristie does whatever it takes to keep up the morale of her employees.
Mrs. Feldman's Cookies 
by Couture
email: couture_writes@hotmail.com

(FF)

Please do not read if under 18 years of age or 
offended by sexually explicit stories and situations.  

(c) 2002 Couture

***********

Sharon didn't care very much for her new supervisor, 
nor, did most of her co-workers.  It wasn't as if any 
of them held any great love for their former 
supervisor either, but at least Mrs. Feldman had been 
tough enough and canny enough that they didn't mind 
thinking of her as their boss.  However, the new 
supervisor, Kristie was fresh out of college and green 
as spring wood.  To make matters worse, Sharon had put 
in for the job and didn't get it.  As a result, Sharon 
was taking particular relish in making Kristie's job 
difficult just on general principle.  And it was 
Sharon who was instigating the latest caper to get 
Kristie fired before the young graduate even had a 
chance to get settled in.

******************

"I don't know about this Sharon," Gwen said, taking a 
drag on her cigarette, exhaling and then flicking off 
the ashes.  "I mean, not only is the newbie gonna look 
bad, *we're* gonna look bad."

Sharon shook her head and grinned slyly.  She had 
gathered her flock of saleswomen outside the back of 
the building, where they went to smoke during lunch.  
She didn't gather everyone, just the ones that 
mattered: the successful ones.  There were eight of 
them all together.  

"No, Gwen," she said.  "That's the beauty of it.  We 
all had great sales when Mrs. Feldman was here.  Now, 
when Sales go down and the only thing that has changed 
is the supervisor, then you can bet your bottom dollar 
they're gonna get rid of the new supervisor."  She 
took a drag on her cigarette and blew the smoke out 
through her nose.  "As long as we all stick together."

"Come on Sharon," Doris said.  She was the motherly 
one and a little on the chubby side.  She wasn't 
aggressive, but she was so nice and had a Mrs. Cleaver 
way about her that people couldn't hang up on.  It 
worked for her.  "She's a nice girl.  Let's just give 
her a chance."

"She's embarrassing, is what she is," Sharon said.  
"Come on, are you with me?"

One after the other, they all answered yes.

***********

Two weeks later, Doris was called to Kristie's office.  
Thirty minutes later she returned and sat down next to 
Sharon.

"What did she want?" asked Sharon.

"She just wanted to talk about things.  She's really 
upset about how the sales have gone down.  She asked 
if there was anything she was doing wrong or what she 
could do to help."  Doris shook her head and she had 
that sad motherly look in her eye again.

"Dear God," Sharon said, knowing Doris had fallen for 
the new girl's pathetic plea.  "What did you tell 
her?" 

"Nothing . . ." Doris mumbled, and then finally caved 
in.  "Well I had to tell her something.  She gave me 
the poor puppy dog look.  I told her that the other 
day when Janice rang the bell nothing happened.  Our 
old boss would have given her cookies."

The bell was the brainchild of Mrs. Feldman.  Whenever 
one of the reps sold a thousand contracts, they would 
run up and ring a bell enthusiastically.  Mrs. Feldman 
would take the rep into her office and give them a 
home-made cookie.  Stupid really, but the reps got 
into it and the cookies were damned good.  Besides, 
They most of the fun was in teasing the other girls 
about how good the cookie was.

Sharon knew she had to do something fast before 
Kristie started to do something on her own to motivate 
the other women.  The girl had already gotten to 
Doris.

It was then that Sharon had an idea that was so 
devious it surprised even her.  There was no way she 
could tell the other girls about it.  They would never 
go along . . .  Not in a million years.  

That afternoon, as they were getting ready to leave 
the office, Kristie rang the bell.  "Ladies," she 
said.   "Tomorrow, I want to hear this bell ring." 

By that time Sharon had sold two hundred contracts 
already.  She only had a fifty more to go.

'Oh don't you worry little Kristie,' she thought to 
herself.  'I'll definitely be ringing your bell 
tomorrow.

***********

Sharon sold the fifty contracts before 9:30.  She 
walked proudly to the front and rang the bell.  Heads 
peeked over the cubicle walls.  Doris smiled and 
looked relieved.  The rest other seven reps conspiring 
against the new boss looked betrayed.

Kristie quickly rushed from her office grinning from 
ear to ear.  The bell had rung.  Her urging the day 
before was successful.  This leadership thing wasn't 
so hard after all.

"Yea!  Come in - come in to the office Sharon," she 
said, urging Sharon into the office.  

Sharon sat, while Kristie twittered around like a 
nervous school girl.

"Here Sharon," Kristie said, opening a box of homemade 
cookies.  "I didn't know what kind to make or how many 
Mrs. Feldman used to give, so I made all kinds.  Take 
as many as you want."

Sharon peered past her nose, down at the proffered 
cookies and made a wry face.  Kristie's heart was 
pounding from excitement, but now her face began 
burning from embarrassment.  She had done something 
else wrong, otherwise Sharon would have taken a 
cookie.  Kristie was  certain, she was most assuredly 
going to get fired and with her student loans, she was 
going to have to go live back at home with her parents 
to get by.  Tears welled in her eyes.

Sharon looked at the young girl's hurt expression and 
almost burst out laughing, but she managed to hold her 
cynical expression.  What a newbie!  The girl was 
pathetic.  "You're not going to cry are you?" she 
asked sarcastically.

Kristie blinked back her tears.  "This isn't right is 
it?  God, how am I ever going to do this job?"

Sharon picked up a cookie and nibbled at it.  Good, 
but not as good as Mrs. Feldman's.  "Poor thing," she 
consoled.  "It's a sweet thing to do I guess, but you 
must have misunderstood about Mrs. Feldman.  She 
didn't *bake* us cookies.  She . . . well, she 
*tossed* our cookies."

"I don't understand," Kristie said, wiping away her 
tears.

Sharon made 'V' with her finger, put it to her mouth 
and flicked her tongue up and down luridly.
 
Kristie's face registered shock.  "Oh my!" was all she 
could say.  They never mentioned anything like this in 
college - NEVER.

Sharon struggled to contain her laughter.  "Surely you 
girls did things like that to the new pledges in your 
sorority?"

"I wasn't in a sorority," Kristie replied meekly.

"Oh Dear," Sharon said.  "I'm sure human resources 
wouldn't have hired you fresh out of college with no 
experience at all.  Maybe I should call them?"  She 
reached for the phone.  It wouldn't be long now before 
Kristie ran from her office never to be seen again.  
And then, well Sharon was sure HR would make certain 
to hire someone with a little more experience next 
time.  Maybe that someone would be her.

But Kristie caught Sharon's hand with her own.  
"Wait," she whispered.  "I really don't know how to do 
this."

Sharon couldn't believe it.  Not only had Kristie 
bought it, she was falling to her knees.

"Wait.  Get up." Sharon exclaimed.  This wasn't 
supposed to happen.  She had never expected the girl 
to actually go through with it.

"What's wrong?" Kristie asked.  Had she messed up 
again?  This was all so confusing and terrible 
embarrassing.

Sharon pondered how to tell the poor girl it was all a 
joke.  'God, what had ever possessed me to do this?' 
she wondered.  It seemed like a good idea at the time, 
but it didn't seem like such a good idea now.  She 
didn't want to get fired.  Nor did she want to admit 
to her cruel joke.  And then there was also the fact 
that her cunny was . . . well, it was wet - hot at the 
thought of what her boss was willing to do.

"Nothing dear," Sharon said, coming up with a new 
plan.  Yes, she would push the girl until she caved.  
"It's just that you don't want to wrinkle your clothes 
do you?"

"No," Kristie said, fingering the button of her 
blouse.

"Then take them off."

Sharon locked the door to the office while the younger 
girl disrobed down to a silky pair of panties and bra.

"All of them," Sharon said.

"Why?" Kristie asked.  She was more than a little 
hesitant.  For one reason, she had always been shy of 
the small size of her breasts.  For another, she could 
feel herself growing wet.

"Never mind."  Sharon got up and went to unlock the 
door.  She had no intention of leaving, but she knew 
the young girl wouldn't want to be exposed to the 
office when the door was opened.  

And she was proved correct.

"Wait." 

Kristie turned her back to Sharon, slipped the straps 
of her bra off of her shoulders, unhooked it, and set 
it carefully down.  A little too carefully.  Then she 
stepped out her panties.  When she turned back around, 
and arm covered her breasts and a hand covered her 
crotch.  She was blushing from head to toe.

"Such a shy girl," Sharon said, grinning slyly.  "Go 
on girl.  Put your hands to your sides.  I'm sure you 
have nothing to be shy about at your age."

Kristie reluctantly lowered her arms to her sides.

Sharon's attention was immediately drawn to the girl's 
breasts.  The girl really had nothing more than plump 
hardened nipples atop very small mounds.  Sharon went 
over and opened the cups of the bra, while Kristie 
prayed to God for a place to hide.

Sharon cackled as she picked a wad a tissue from on of 
the cups.  Little Miss Perfect wasn't quite so 
perfect.  "My God," she exclaimed.  "You stuff your 
bra.  Not that I can  say that I blame you."  

Kristie wanted to crawl under the table.  She knew she 
was the supervisor and that she shouldn't have to 
listen to any derogatory comments like this from her 
subordinates, but, Sharon no longer seemed like a 
subordinate.  Not with her superior attitude and being 
that she was fully clothed, while Kristie's slim body 
was naked and covered with tiny chill bumps.

Sharon handed Kristie the balled up tissues.  "Here 
honey, you need this."

The younger woman took the tissue and looked at it 
dumbly.  

Sharon pointed down to the girl's crotch.  "You're 
leaking sweetie," she said with a smirk.

Poor Kristie didn't know quite what was happening 
inside of her body.  She understood the embarrassment.  
Heck, she didn't like changing clothes in the gym and 
she was much too shy to shower until she got home, yet 
here she was - at work - naked - with an older woman - 
a subordinate - walking around her and inspecting her 
like a piece of meat.  Kristie was mortified, and she 
expected to be.  But what she didn't expect were these 
other feelings running through her body -- these 
feelings of arousal and . . . submission.

Sharon grinned and watched carefully as her young 
supervisor dabbed the dew from her brown wiry pubic 
hair.  Kristie bit her lip to keep from moaning.

"You really should shave that patch of hair down there 
as soon as possible" Sharon said.

"Why?" asked the younger woman.

"For one, everyone will wonder whether you're really a 
blonde or not," Sharon said.  "Well, except for me, 
cause I already know the truth."

Sharon stepped behind her supervisor and placed her 
hands on the young woman's hips, while Kristie 
trembled in her grasp.  "And the main reason is that 
if the other women see you are getting excited by what 
you are doing, then they may try to take advantage of 
you.  Maybe they'll expect you to toss their cookies 
every three hundred contracts.  Maybe they'll expect 
it just for coming in for the day.  And we wouldn't 
want that, now would we?"

Kristie could feel the moisture running down her 
thigh.  What was wrong with her?  Why was her body 
betraying her and why did it turn her on so much to 
her subordinate whispering such dirty things in her 
ear.  

"No," Kristie meekly replied.

"But I already know the truth, though, don't I?" 
Sharon whispered.

"Yes."  It felt the older woman's lips were on 
Kristie's earlobe and the whispers - the whispers made 
bolts of pleasure shoot inside her sex.

"I bet I could make you toss my cookies anytime I 
wanted, couldn't I?"

Kristie couldn't deny it.  This was the reason why she 
tried to stay away from people like this.  This was 
the reason she went to meet new people at the singles 
club at church.  People there would never take 
advantage of her or make her do dirty things.  

"Couldn't I, Cookie?" Sharon said sternly.

"Yes, ma'am," Kristie replied.  Only vaguely realizing 
she had just called her subordinate ma'am and that her 
subordinate had called her Cookie.

"I know I could," Sharon said knowingly, grabbing 
Kristie by the shoulders and turning the girl around. 
"Are you ready to get started Cookie?  I know I am."  
It wasn't a game anymore to Sharon.  She was turned on 
and she wanted this young girl - this college graduate 
between her knees.

"I'm scared, ma'am," Kristie whined.  "I don't know 
what to do."

"There's nothing to be afraid of dear girl," Sharon 
said, as she leaned back against the desk and grinned 
slyly.  "You just follow instructions, and you'll be 
as good as Mrs. Feldman in no time."

Sharon was lying to Kristie of course, and even if the 
younger woman suspected as much, it was far too late 
for hesitation now that she was naked.  Sharon pushed 
down on her supervisor's shoulders.  "It's time dear," 
she said.

"I don't think I can do this," Kristie murmured as she 
went down to her knees.  

"Sure, you can," Sharon said.  "We'll do this nice and 
slow, okay?"

"Okay," Kristie said, thankful for the older woman's 
consideration, but consideration had little to do with 
it.  Sharon looked forward to taking her time - the 
longer she drew it out, the wetter she became.

"Now Princess, I want you to take the hem of my skirt 
and raise it to my hips, okay?"

Kristie obeyed with trembling fingers.  She looked 
back up at Sharon with wide blue eyes.

"Now move your pretty little head in there," Sharon 
said, before urging impatiently.  "Go on girl, I'm not 
gonna bite."

The kneeling woman moved her head closer, so that her 
face was only inches from Sharon's pantyhose covered 
crotch.

"That's it, Princess," Sharon cooed.  "Here let's let 
this skirt back down so that it doesn't wrinkle."  
Sharon removed the hem of the skirt from Kristie's 
grasp and draped it down over the girl's head and 
shoulder's, trapping her there beneath the skirt.

"Can you smell me Cookie?" Sharon asked.

"Yes," came the muffled reply from beneath Sharon's 
skirt.  The air was heavy and hot beneath the skirt 
and the smell of musk was overwhelming.

"Do you like the smell of momma's sexy perfume?"

Naked and dripping wet, Kristie wanted nothing more 
than to grab Sharon's leg and squeeze it between her 
thighs.  This was not like anything she had ever 
imagined.  Her mother had discussed the birds and the 
bees with her when she was sixteen.  She was told 
about waiting until she was married and having respect 
for her body and about how boys would try to get her 
pregnant and keep her from pursuing a career.  But 
Momma never mentioned about women getting together 
with one another.  And Momma never said one word about 
what to do in this situation.  

Kristie didn't know what to say.   She knew she wasn't 
supposed to like the musky smell that overwhelmed her 
senses. Yet, she also didn't want to offend Sharon.  
Worse, Sharon had also called herself momma.  Either 
way she answered, she knew she was relinquishing her 
role as manager to this very pushy woman.  

A plaintive whine sounded from beneath Sharon's skirt.  
Sharon knew without a doubt, this young woman was hers 
now.  

"Okay Princess, now press your mouth against momma's 
pussy and let her feel your hot breath as you kiss 
her."  Sharon shifted her weight on the desk, getting 
comfortable as she enjoyed her boss's administrations.  
She reached back and picked up a cookie, double 
chocolate.  She took a bite, closed her eyes and 
sighed, before tossing it back into the box.

"You've made momma wet now Princess."  Sharon rocked 
her hips, grinding against the young woman's mouth.  
"Nice and wet.  Are you ready to kiss it for real?"

There was no answer, but the caresses beneath her 
skirt grew more insistent.

"Take your time Princess, Momma's got all day."  
Sharon picked up another cookie, sugar this time, with 
green sprinkles.  She took a bite and put it back in 
the box.  "Just reach up and pull momma's panties and 
hose down when you're ready."

Kristie's hands reached up and caressed the older 
woman's ample ass of their own volition.  'What's 
happening to me?' she wondered.  She knew this was 
wrong.  Worse, Sharon kept calling herself momma, 
which made forbidden images of her real mother pop 
into her head at the most inopportune time.  It should 
have turned her off, she was sure of it, but instead 
they made her even hotter.  She pulled Sharon's hose 
and panties down to her ankles at the same time.  She 
went to kiss the woman's sex, only to be stopped at 
the last moment.

"Wait," Sharon said, raising her skirt to her hips.  
"Momma wants to see you with your first mouth full of 
cunt you little queer."

Kristie looked up pleadingly.  "Please, ma'am, why do 
you keep saying such horrible things to me?" she 
asked.  Her knuckles turned white as she ran her hands 
along her lean thighs.

Sharon ran her fingers through Kristie's short blonde 
locks.  "It's just sex talk Princess.  People say 
dirty things when they get turned on.  Everyone does 
it.  It's a compliment . . . really."

Sharon's grip tightened on Kristie's hair.  She 
forcefully pushed Kristie's face to her crotch.  "Now 
eat me you queer little cunt licker!"

Kristie opened her mouth to say, "But" or maybe it was 
"Wait", but whatever it was, she never got a chance to 
utter it.  Instead, her open mouth was filled with 
Sharon's very wet sex.  She tried unsuccessfully to 
pull away, but Sharon held her fast by the ears.  Poor 
Kristie didn't know what to do.  How had she ever 
managed to get in the fix?  She had no idea of how to 
get out of it, so she just knelt there and passively 
kept let her mouth be used as some sort of 
masturbation device.

Sharon humped her hips back and forward in a tiny 
arch, enjoying the sensation of her boss's lips moving 
up and down her clit.  "Oh-God-you have a sweet 
mouth," Sharon practically begged.  "Don't leave me 
hanging like this.  Oh God, I'm aching for it.  Let me 
feel it.  Let me feel your sweet tongue."

Kristie wasn't sure she really wanted to be licking 
this woman's sex.  Especially, given the fact the 
woman was her subordinate.  But, the way she pleaded; 
it made Kristie yearn to help her out . . . even if it 
meant doing something that was sinful.  Her tongue 
moved forward tentatively and discovered the soft 
flesh of Sharon's sex.  Sharon moaned in appreciation, 
and Kristie began to lick in earnest.

Sharon was in heaven.  It had been long - too long 
since she had felt these feeling before.  Her husband 
only seemed to want one thing and that one thing was 
not taking his time and taking care of her needs.  She 
had almost forgotten what true pleasure felt like.  
And she discovered something else.  She liked the 
feeling of power she held over Kristie.  The very fact 
this was her supervisor and she was down on her knees 
only added to the pleasure.  Yes, Sharon was 
determined to feel this pleasure again.  Whatever it 
took.

 "How's it feel Princess?  How do you like your first 
taste of pussy?" Sharon asked.  "Don't  bother to 
answer cuntlicker, I already know you love it and I 
intend to give you plenty of it."

Sharon moaned as Kristie attacked her clit with fury.  
It was then she realized her boss got off on being 
subjugated almost as much as she got off on the power.  
She kicked her shoe off and pulled one foot out of her 
pantyhose so she could spread her legs.  One she 
propped on Sharon's desk, the other she dangled over 
Kristie's shoulder.

"Oh Goddamn - oh suck my clit baby.  Suck it hard.  Oh 
yes, momma's dirty little queer is gonna make momma 
cum."  It was then that Sharon noticed something.  One 
of Kristie's hands had disappeared and her arm was 
flexing.  The little bitch was masturbating.  

Sharon grabbed her by the ear and tugged.  "Naughty 
bitch.  Did Momma say you could fingerfuck your dirty 
cunt?"

"Ow!" Kristie gasped, her face turning red with 
humiliation.  "No, ma'am."  She should have known she 
wasn't supposed to masturbate.  It was wrong and for 
the life of her, she couldn't remember what possessed 
her to do such a thing.

"Now apologize you little queer.  Tell mommy you are 
sorry for fingerfucking your dirty cunt," Sharon 
demanded, holding on to the young woman's ear for 
insurance.

"I'm sorry - ow!" she whined as her ear was twisted.

"Say it right," Sharon demanded.  "Say, Mommy, I'm 
sorry for fingerfucking my dirty cunt."

Kristie didn't think she could bring herself to use 
such filthy language.  Maybe other people talked dirty 
when they were sexually excited.  Maybe strong women 
like Sharon did, but Kristie knew she was much to shy 
to say anything like that.  But, the tugging on her 
ear won out over any hesitancy she felt.

"Mommy, I'm sorry for finger . . .for finger fucking 
my dir-dirty c-cunt," Kristie stammered slowly, as if 
she had to force each syllable out individually.  She 
never met Sharon's eyes the whole time.  Instead, 
staring at the older woman's blossomed sex.

"That's okay Princess," Sharon said, letting go of 
Kristie's ear.  "You'll ask for permission to do that 
in the future okay?"

"Yes," Kristie answered, hesitating before adding, 
"Mommy . . ."

"Good girl," Sharon said.  "Why don't you use both 
hands to hold mommy's pussy open?  That should help 
remove the temptation."

Kristie placed her well-manicured fingers on either 
side of Sharon's sex and opened her nether lips.  
Without being told, she bent and began to explore 
every inch of pink flesh with her tongue.

"Oh yes," Sharon moaned.  "That's it.  Work it on in 
there.  Make me cum.  Make me cum so hard."

Kristie worked her tongue faster, centering it on 
Sharon's tiny pearl of flesh. 

"Oh God - I'm gonna cum so hard.  Oh - I'm so wet.  
Drink me.  Drink momma's pussy juice.  Drink it all 
down - oh - oh - oh fuck."   Sharon's hips rose off 
the desk and began to buck as she came.  While, 
Kristie held on for dear life, her mouth glued so 
tightly to the older woman's pussy that Sharon had to 
push her away.

Afterwards, Sharon was drained and her legs trembled 
as she rolled off the desk and sat down in Sharon's 
executive chair.  "Whew," she said.  "That was 
wonderful."

Kristie wasn't so sure.  It was nice that she had 
given Sharon so much pleasure, but the office was a 
mess and so was she.  How was she going to put her 
face back together?  Had anyone heard?  And most 
importantly, how was she going to relieve the aching 
yearning in her loins.

 Sharon patted the desk.  "Come on Princess.  Up on 
the desk.  It's your turn now."

While Kristie made her way to the desk and sat down, 
Sharon pulled her hose back on and buttoned her blouse 
where it had come undone.  

Kristie sat down in front of the older woman.  She 
knew she shouldn't let another woman lick her down 
there, but she was too turned on to care at this 
point.  Besides, if it was anything like Sharon 
exhibited, she didn't care.

Sharon pointed to each corner of the desk.  "Now put 
one foot there and the other right there."

Kristie obeyed, spreading her legs, baring herself 
before the totally clothed woman.  

"Okay," Sharon said.  "You can ask mommy for 
permission now."

A small moan escaped Kristie's throat.  She realized 
she wouldn't be licked.  Instead she was going to have 
to masturbate herself.  Worse, she was going to have 
to beg to do so.

"Please mommy," Kristie whined.  "May I - may I 
finger-fuck my dirty cunt."

"Not yet Princess," Sharon said.  "First mommy wants 
to see you play with those darling little titties of 
yours."

Kristie couldn't refuse and she dared not disobey.  
She reached up and lightly pinched her nipples, awash 
with fresh humiliation as Sharon leered with a knowing 
smile.

"That's it," Sharon encouraged.  "Tug on it.  Now the 
other.  That's it queer.  Faster.  Tug on those little 
bee stings.  Stretch 'em out."

It was painful to tug so hard on her sensitive nipples 
and Kristie would have never done so willingly, but it 
seemed easy with Sharon's urging.  And the more she 
did it, the more turned on she grew.  Every tug sent 
hot flashes of pleasure to her sex and caused her 
pelvis to thrust in time with the tugs.

"Ugh," Kristie grunted, her sweaty body trembled.  "Oh 
Mommy I need it so bad.  Please let me finger-fuck 
myself.  Let me finger-fuck my dirty cunt."

"Shhh," Sharon urged, putting a finger to Kristie's 
lips to shush her, only to have the girl open her 
mouth and suck on the digit.  "We don't want everyone 
to hear do we?"

"Uh-uh," Kristie hummed around Sharon's finger.

"Are you gonna be a quiet?  Are you gonna be mommy's 
good little queer girl?"

"Uh-hum. . ." Kristie sucked on Sharon's finger with 
relish while she tugged on her nipples.

"Give me your hand Princess," Sharon said, taking 
Kristie's hand and placing her index, middle, and ring 
fingers together, and pushing them towards the mouth 
of her sex.  "Now do it slut.  Fuck that cunt."

Kristie tried, but three fingers were too much.  It 
hurt and she felt stretched painfully wide when she 
got to her second knuckle.  "It's too much," she said, 
wincing and then trying with only her index finger.

"Give me those," Sharon grabbed Kristie's hand and 
wrest it from her sex.  Once again, she pushed the 
three fingers together and put them at the mouth of 
Kristie's sex, only this time she kept hold of the 
wrist.  When the young woman pushed them in and 
stopped, Sharon pushed on her wrist and forced it in 
further.  "That's it, do it right."

"Ow-ow-ow," Kristie gasped in pain.

"Shhh. . ." Sharon hissed, as she forced three fingers 
from her other hand in Kristie's mouth.  All the while 
she kept forcing the wrist further up, ignoring 
Kristie's moan and wide-eyed expression, until all 
three fingers were buried deeply in the young blonde's 
pussy.

Then Sharon began to fuck her.  Guiding Kristie's 
wrist, she controlled the tempo of every thrust.  With 
her other hand, she fucked her fingers in and out of 
Kristie's mouth.

"God, you're hot," Sharon said.  "Mommy's girl is all 
stretched out and she's getting fucked in her dirty 
hole.    Is Mommy's girl gonna cum?  She is, isn't 
she?  Oh yes she is, the bad little girl.  Suck 
Mommy's fingers little queer.  Suck them and think of 
all the pussy you are going to eat.  Oh yes, Mommy's 
little cunt licker is going to the pussy buffet for an 
all you can eat special.  Every time the bell rings, 
you are going to eat some pussy.  I bet Mommy's little 
puppy's mouth will water every time she hears a bell.  
I bet something else will water too?  Yes, I bet 
Puppy's little cunt will be dripping with.  Don't 
shake your head bitch, you know Mommy's right.  You're 
soaking your desk right now and it's only your first 
time.  Is Mommy's Puppy getting ready to cum?  She 
sure looks like it.  Cum for Mommy little bitch.  Come 
for me you little queer . . ."

At first Kristie tried to hold back, but the dirtier 
Sharon talked, the more she lost her inhibitions.  She 
never imagined in a million years that being called a 
bitch, a queer, or even a Puppy would be sexually 
stimulating.  But it was . . . dear Lord it was.  And 
when her orgasm came, she felt it deep in her 
stretched sex.  Then it washed over her like a wave, 
and crashed down, robbing her of all thought or 
reason.

Then as the flow of pleasure ebbed, she came back to 
her senses and opened her eyes.  Sharon was standing 
there, looking down at her, a condescending smirk 
drawn on her face.  The full impact of what she had 
done flashed through her mind.  Dear God, how was she 
ever to live it down?  How could she ever regain her 
respect?  She blushed in humiliation and moved to get 
out of her vulnerable position spread out on the desk.

"Wait!" Sharon commanded and Kristie reluctantly 
obeyed.

"There's going to be some changes around here," Sharon 
said, putting a hand on each of Kristie's knees and 
moving in close.  "I want you shaved.  Shaved-waxed, I 
don't care which.  Mommy's girl is going to look like 
a girl for Mommy.  Look at me and nod your head like a 
good girl."

Kristie's eyes met Sharon's from beneath her blonde 
bangs.  She nodded her head.  She didn't feel very 
much like a good girl.  She felt dirty and was sure 
she would feel even dirtier when she was shaved and 
bare down below.

"And from now on, only wear skirts and no pantyhose," 
Sharon continued.

"But corporate rules state-" 

"Fuck corporate rules.  Mommy's rules state no 
pantyhose," Sharon continued.  "Mommy needs to be free 
to check to see if her little Puppy is being a good 
little girl. Understand?"

Kristie forced herself to nod the affirmative.  What 
was happening?  And why was it making her hot again?

"And no bra's.  Mommy's little queer is much too small 
to need them."

"But-but-" Kristie tried to interject, only to receive 
Sharon's disapproving stare.

"Nod your head like a good little girl."

Kristie nodded.  God this was getting worse by the 
moment.  She tried to squeeze her legs together but 
Sharon had the firmly locked open.

"And when you give out cookies, or should I say toss 
someone's cookie, I want you to leave your clothes on.  
Leave them on for everyone but me.  Do you 
understand?"

Kristie nodded quickly.  Thankful she was going to be 
allowed to retain some modesty and respect with the 
other women.

Sharon grabbed Kristie forcibly by her sex.  "Because 
this is Mommy's and Mommy is going to make sure her 
little girl stays a good girl and anytime Mommy's girl 
feels like being a bad girl, what's she going to do?"

Kristie didn't like where this was going.  She 
shrugged her shoulders in response.  

Sharon squeezed harder on Kristie's sex.  "Mommy's 
girl is going to ask for permission, isn't she?"

Dear God, how much more submission did this woman 
require of her?  Kristie melted in the older woman's 
grip and nodded.  "Yes, Mommy."

"That's Mommy's good little queer girl.  Now get 
dressed and clean yourself up.  And be ready for the 
bell."  With that Sharon left the younger woman.  

When Sharon walked back to her cubicle, her hips swung 
with the cockiness of sexual release, and she hummed 
out loud.  The other reps stared at her as she past.  

"God that was great," she said, as she sat down.  "I'm 
going to be doing that again.  Again and again."

Gwen poked her head over the cubicle.  "What was that 
all about?" she asked.  "And what happened to not 
selling?"

By now, several of the other reps had peeked about the 
cubicle or gather beside the door.

"That, my friends, is about getting my cookies 
tossed," Sharon grinned.  "It seems our fearless 
leader misunderstood when Doris said we got cookies 
from Mrs. Feldman as a reward."

"Cookies tossed?" Doris asked.

"Somebody cover Doris's ears," Sharon said.  Darlene 
reached over and cupped her hands over Doris's ears.

Sharon made a "V" with her fingers and flicked her 
tongue out luridly.  "My pussy licked, and God it was 
good."

"You're lying," Gwen said.  From the look in her eyes, 
it looked like she hoped it wasn't the case.

"Turn away if you are faint of heart," Sharon said, 
lifting the hem of her skirt.  "The lipstick doesn't 
lie ladies."  There on the center of her crotch was 
the brightly colored pink stain of lipstick, where 
Kristie had kissed her.

"You could have done that," said Doris, her voice 
shaking.

"The color of the lipstick, my friends, is spring; and 
you know that I'm an autumn," she said pointing to her 
own burgundy colored lips.

"But you're married," Doris said.  Her voice shook 
even more and she looked flush.

"I may be married honey, but I ain't dead and a pussy 
licking is a pussy licking.  Hell, Doris, if you've 
got something against a pussy licking, then don't ring 
the bell," Sharon said.  "Besides, I've seen George 
lately.  He's put on a few pounds.  Somehow he doesn't 
seem to be the kind to get down on his knees to please 
you.  Tell us Doris, how long has it been for you?"

She's lying, she has to be lying," Doris said as she 
turned her back and returned to her cubicle, before 
Sharon could ferret out any more details of her 
private life.  But down inside, she knew Sharon was 
right.  It had been a long time she had been pleased - 
*really pleased*.  And when the time came, as much as 
the thought embarrassed her, she would pick up the 
bell and ring it.  

**************

Inside her office Kristie had her purse open and was 
doing her best to get her face back in order. She 
wondered how she had ever gotten into this fix.  It 
was bad enough that Sharon had used her like some sort 
of sex slave, but now the cruel woman even expected 
Kristie to follow her orders about how to dress - 
among other things.  She wanted to refuse, but even 
thinking about it set her loins on fire with lust and 
her will to resist disappear.  

God, what was going to happen when someone else rang 
the bell?   How could she refuse her other employees, 
what she had done for Sharon?  Worse, Sharon had told 
her to do it.  Even if she refused the women, she knew 
without a doubt Sharon could and *would* make her do 
it.  And if the other reps saw that Sharon could make 
her do things, she would lose all respect from them.  
In their eyes, Sharon would be the boss.  

No, better that she willingly toss their cookies.  
Yes, she would paste a smile on her face and thank 
them for their sales, then kneel down and pleasure 
them . . . black, white, young, or old.  The thought 
of it sent a delicious thrill of pleasure through her 
slightly sore sex.  She wanted to touch herself, but 
she remembered Sharon's warning and she dare not ask 
for permission just yet.   


Well it could be worse.  Thankfully, if the last two 
weeks were any indication, the bell wouldn't be 
ringing very much.   

***********

But little did she know that out on the sales floor, 
the reps were wondering.  Was it true?  Had Kristie 
really given oral sex to Sharon as a sales incentive?   
It couldn't be true.  No one would ever stoop so low 
as to do such a thing.  

But what if it was true?  If Kristie offered, would 
they take her up on it?  Some knew the answer 
automatically and others didn't.  But one by one they 
began to sell.  They wouldn't take no for an answer.  
Contract by contract, they sold insurance on Discover 
cards, even calling some people up three times in a 
row, beating them into submission the much the same 
way Kristie had been beaten into submission. 

Yes, the bell would be ringing.  The bell would be 
ringing often. And if you're out there at home some 
place - watching TV or eating dinner when the phone 
rings.  When you pick it up and it's Discover, trying 
to sell you a credit card or insurance on your cards.  
Say yes.  Say yes and know that somewhere, down on her 
knees, sits a young girl, fresh out of college, her 
face sticky and wet, her tongue tired and sore, 
thanking the rep you bought it from the only way she 
knows how.

The End


***********

If you enjoyed this work, take a moment to email the 
author.  Your comments are their only payment.  
Pursuant to the Berne Convention, this work is 
copyright with all rights reserved by its author 
unless explicitly indicated.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Couture


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





