BDSM Library - Enjoying the Sins of the Son




Enjoying the Sins of the Son
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: It doesn��t pay to rip off your wealthy father, not for you or your pretty wife.
   Copy-right,kayce69@fsworld.co.uk

              Another story by Pagan.

                             Enjoying the sins of the son.


Crime and Punishment.

The smoke hung low in the boardroom, the lights dimmed as a middle aged man
pressed the remote pad making the screen at the end of the room flicker in to
life.

 A strong deep voice filled the smoky room, "Gentlemen I took the liberty of
installing the extra surveillance camera in the vault, I'm not going to
apologise for the secretive way I did this, I take sole responsibility and as
you are about to see, it has paid off".

He continued, "We are here to resolve the loss of the Gilcrist family diamonds,
370,000 is a lot to claim from our insurers, but I don't intend to do that,
with-in the next ten minutes I will solve all our problems and give you an idea
for a very enjoyable bonus, I ask you all to watch and then let me explain".

The screen lit, the film showed the firms large vault suddenly flooded with
light, they saw a small chubby figure enter, his long curly hair bounced on his
shoulders, they knew who it was as they watched him slide along the wall and
tamper with a box, it left no doubt in any ones mind, it was him, it was obvious
he would have to have known the code to do this.

They watched as he checked his watch before moving to the security boxes, he
went to one and opened it, pocketed the contents and retrieved his footsteps,
leaving the room how he had found it.

The screen went blank, the lights returned to the boardroom, the man at the end
of the table rose and lit another cigar.

 "Well gentlemen, you have just witnessed my son trying to ruin this firm".

 He took a long draw from the cigar, "He is now in Amsterdam selling the
diamonds to some-one who will pay him and ask no questions, fortunately it's
Eidur Gudjohnsen and he will return them to us".

There was an audible sigh of relief around the room, "I take it gentlemen you
feel a little better now, that is part one of our problem removed", there was a
polite round of applause.

 "Thank you, part two is to return the money to Eidur, this will come from the
sale of my son's house to me, I all-ready own the deeds and the trust fund left
to him from my father will be transferred to us, but that will take time, It is
my duty to cover everything from our accountants until we have straighten things
out".

They looked at him, "Gentlemen you look quizzical could it be the enjoyable
bonus I spoke of. You all know my son Desmond, I propose to keep him with us, we
will show him the video and he will do what ever we say or we will inform the
police, to make sure we have total control over him he will of course sign
certain documents".

The men in front of him looked at each other, "Gentlemen, please I haven't
finished. You have all been to marketing and know the management, my
daughter-in-law Toni", there was a lot of coughing and shuffling, "Yes, yes she
gets me like that, she is everything a man could want, maybe a little down to
earth and homely but far to desirable for a stupid thieving ass-hole like
Desmond, but just think of this, if she was instigated in the robbery she too
could be totally under our control, and I have an idea how that can be
arranged".

As he put the cigar out he looked at the 8 men, "Desmond will be back on Sunday,
and George, my driver, will pick him up and bring him to us at about 6 in the
evening, if I get it right she will already by ours".

There were loud murmurings from the room, "I take it you like the idea, so I
will expect you all at my country house on Saturday, Gerald you will need to
bring some clothes for 3 days and trust me when I say your gay days may be in
for a lift, same goes for you Charles but you will have to wait, the rest of you
just pray I get it right".

 Her Entrapment.

"Hello Toni, it's Randolph," Toni took the call from her father-in-law; he was
asking her over to the country house, he was holding a small evening party.

The board and their wives would be there and he was very incessant she should be
there, he thought it was time she met the higher members of the company on a
more personal bases.

There would be swimming, cocktails, an unusual lavish high tea and something
special after, he made it sound so nice, no point in sitting at home alone when
there was a party, yes she agreed she would be there. 

 Her Jaguar 4.2 sports pulled in to the driveway and parked by the conservatory,
she walked past the row of high-class cars already there.

Toni rang the bell and George answered, told her the men where in the study
while he went to fetch her overnight bag.

Randolph met her half way down the hall, after the greeting he told her to go to
her usual room and change for swimming, the ladies were already down at the
pool.

 Toni tied back her long auburn hair while she waited for her bag to arrive,
then quickly changed, she looked at herself in the mirror, she was concerned she
didn't show too much as she did have large breast's compared to her trim waist
and hips, yes that will be alright, the cups may have been full but covered
everything.

She made her way down the hall and through to the corridor that led to the pool,
there was silence, she pushed open the door, the pool was disserted, had she got
it wrong, she retraced her steps and went to the study, perhaps they had
rejoined the men.

 Trying to hide the fact that she was only in her swimsuit she put her head
round the study door, she asked where the ladies were as they weren't at the
pool. "Come in Toni and take that seat", Randolph pointed at the large leather
chair that had been placed in the middle of the room, it faced the large screen
on the wall.

Toni was a little embarrassed in her swim-suit as the nine men were all dressed
but she did as she was told and sat, Randolph lent back on the desk, "Toni I
take it Desmond has told you of the Gilcrest affair", Toni looked at him and
nodded before a quite, "Yes".

He blew his cigar smoke towards her, "Tell me Toni what do you think would
happen to the person or person's who took that amount of property if and when
they got caught", she cleared her throat, "I would think prison",

Randolph stood up, "For how long", she shook her head, "I don't know, say about
10 years".

"Yes 10 years is a good guess, look at this", he started the film clip, every
body watched in silence until a quite, "Oh my god", came from Toni, the clip
finished, Randolph bent and put his hands ether side of her on the chair arms,
bringing his face close to her, "How do you fancy 10 years in a grey stinking
cell".

Half in tears half in disbelief she blubbered at him, "No, no it can't be, it's
not him, I don't know anything about it, believe me, I, I", then she dissolved
in to tears.

Randolph never moved, "Very nice display of innocents but we know all about it,
and we can make sure you had a part in it. Now I am going to tell you what we
are going to do. We are going to cover all the problems, but in return you and
that little shit of a son of mine are going to sign your lives over to the
firm".

He could see the fear in her face, but he carried on, "The firm will own your
house and all your trust fund has been impounded, any future pay will be
controlled by me, you both belong to the firm or you belong to the state for 10
years," his face was almost touching hers, "Do you understand", she was in total
panic.

"No, but please I don't want to go to prison, what have I got to do"? Randolph
clicked his fingers and two documents were put in his hand, "Sign these". Hoping
she was as naive and scared as he thought, he wasn't going to give her time to
read the small print, and he thrust a pen at her, "Sign", she lent the paper's
on the arm of the chair and signed, he took them and stood up.

"Thank you, now Toni you have worked out that the ladies aren't here and you are
and so are we, now as we are the firm and the firm now owns you, why don't you
show us just what a good asset you will be by taking that silly swimsuit off".
   
She stood up, "What, no never, I won't, and you can't make me," she turned for
the door, only to stop as the words, "You just signed a confession, you walk out
this house you walk straight in to jail, and I promise you, I mean it".

She stood in front of them looking gorgeous, her magnificent chest heaved up as
she started to plead, "You can't mean this he's your son, we are family please
no", he was in no mood to let her go, "You should have thought of that when you
tried to ruin me, now get that fucking swim-suit off".

Toni grabbed at the door knob and pulled, the door opened but George blocked her
path, he entered pushing her back in to the room, she turned back to the leering
men, Randolph looked at her in triumph, "You take it off or we will, you have no
choice, with in the next two minutes you will be naked".

She bowed her head, shaking it they heard her pitiful voice say, "No, you can't,
you don't mean this", Randolph walked up to her and grabbed at the shoulder
straps, "Oh but I do". Toni looked up him, "Please no, I, I'll do it".

She slid the straps down her arms and then pulled the rest of the suit down, her
breast's sprang out as they were released from the cup's, she heard three of the
men say, "Oh my god", as the swimsuit slid over her hips dropped past her knees
and lay at her feet.
  
Randolph hadn't moved, he stood in front and told her to keep her arms by her
side, then he walked round her, she cringed as he said, "Now that's a fine
ass------et if ever I saw one", he walked back in front of her, "Blow bubbles
from your mouth", she looked at him, "Now please Toni", totally humiliated and
with tears streaming down her face she tried to obey, "Mmmmm nice, I thought you
would look nice with white juice bubbling from your mouth".

Toni brought her hands up to her face the tears became crying, "No, no",
Randolph slapped them away and grabbed her jaw, "You have a magnificent body, it
has to be worth, shall we say a quarter of a million and you will give us our
monies worth or some dykes in a prison cell will".

He still held her jaw as she said, "But what about Desmond he's your--",
Randolph squeezed her jaw, "What will happen to you is a picnic to what we have
planned for that bloody fairy, now why don't we adjourn upstairs so our new
asset can entertain us". 

The other men moved towards the door pushing the helpless Toni in front of them,
she walked ahead her head bowed, they could hear the occasional sniffle but
their eyes feasted on the gorgeous ass as she climbed the stairs the round firm
mounds rolled in front of them.

Randolph shouted, "The Crescent Room, you hear me Toni, get in the Crescent
Room", she pushed open the large oak door and stopped, much to the delight of
Harold who was right behind her, he let his hand enjoy a feel of her beautiful
ass. She jumped in to the room to escape the finger pushing between her ass
cheeks.

She found herself standing by a huge bed that took up the middle of the room, a
table laden with drinks sat between nine chairs, she looked at the men as they
filed in, she looked in their eyes for one hint of mercy, all she could see was
pure lust.

Randolph took his shirt off and moved towards, she shook with fear, little
sobbing sounds burst from her lips, her eyes closed as he moved in front, " Stop
sniffling, your our little whore, you should smile, you just got promoted you
now work to please us, and you can start pleasing me by moving your hand away
from your cunt we all want to see it, you will be naked a lot from now on, so
get used to it", he patted the bed, "Now you just put that pretty ass down
here".

She sat and looked up at him, he looked back at the other's, they all had drinks
in their hands, they sat and smiled back at him, he looked back to her begging
eye's, "Now you look at my cock as I take my pants off", he stood, dropped his
trousers and then his boxers, "There it is, big enough for you, lets find out if
you can get your pretty little mouth round it".

Her little hand shook as she surrendered to her fate and took the semi-erect
meat and opened her mouth, "Keep looking at me", her wet eyes looked up at him
as the head of his cock slipped over her tongue and disappeared in behind her
lips.

 Randolph placed his large hand on her head and held her firm as his hips thrust
his cock in to her mouth, they were loving the chocking sounds his cock was
forcing out of her.

Randolph pushed in as far as he could, her clenched fist tried to hold his hips
back, "Come on Toni, you can use your hands better than that, lets see some tit
squeezing and you can start to get that lovely cunt wet with your fingers", she
tried to shake her head but his hand held her firm, she was so frightened of
him, the way he looked at her she was so frightened of him she knew it was a
waste of time fighting.

Her left hand rubbed over her breast and her right hand slid between her legs.

Randolph loved power and now he had it over this lovely young thing, he turned
and gloated, his eye's ran the line of men as he pumped more in to Toni's mouth,
he turned back to her, "Cunt all wet, let's show the members of the board what
my member can do to you, get on your back and open your legs".

Toni moved back on the bed turned and lay back she looked at the ceiling,
Randolph was now placing himself between her legs using his hands to open her
slit he started entering her cunt, Toni closed her eye's so tight it hurt,
Randolph shoved hard, there was only a little lubrication, the pain was
excruciating, tears squeezed from Toni's eyes as the full length filled her, she
heard "Toni look at me while I fuck you".

Toni slowly opened her eyes, Randolph's face was almost touching hers, "Keep
your eyes open, I'm going to enjoy this", he with-drew and then pushed in again
and again and again, the bed was creaking from every thrust, Toni's gorgeous
body was being pushed up the bed, she was biting her lower lip to stop herself
screaming, Randolph pushed his face in to her neck and kissed her, she just
gazed at the ceiling.

Randolph pumped faster; his hands on her shoulders as he dragged himself in to
her. With every thrust she had to endure his grunts of satisfaction, as he
attacked her cunt, he looked at her, "God I never thought you would be this
tight, you are a fucking good shag my daughter-in-law and your going to take it
all, get ready I'm going to do what I've wanted to do to you for a long time,
fill your cunt".

A loud groan came from Toni as he exploded in her; for what seemed an age he lay
there, kissing her neck as his hands tweaked her nipples, before he rolled of
her. As his large frame moved from the bed she saw other's removing their
clothes, Randolph smiled at them, "Gentlemen, gentlemen, come on please, no need
to fight, we have until 5 tomorrow, she's ours when ever we want her", he turned
back to her, "Nice to have men in that cunt of yours instead of that little
shit's pinkie you married".

Howard nodded at Raymond, "Go on you have her next, I'll wait until you have
finished then I'll enjoy her ass", to the sounds of pathetic whimpering from
Toni, Howard poured himself another drink.

Howard settled back and watched Ray maul the naked tit's while telling her to
pull her knees up and spread herself wide, he drew his knees up and for a moment
Howard could see the tip of the erect cock push at the open hole, then with a
thrust Ray pushed in and up, Toni made pitiful sobbing noise's as she was fucked
again.

Though the men were all still virile, fucking something as beautiful as Toni was
more than most of them could have dreamt, and being turned on watching others
fuck her, they climaxed quicker than they wanted too, Ray was no exception.

As Ray slaved all over her tit's, Howard prepared himself, she looked over at
him and shook her head, he grinned and nodded back to her as he ran his hand up
and down his rigid cock, then spat on the end of his finger before rubbing it
around the head, still grinning he blew Toni a kiss, " For Christ sake Ray get
off let's have her over and on her knees, I want to see just how cute that ass
is".  

Ray and Howard forced her over, "You ever been buggerd before", a whimpering,
"No" came from the pillow, "Great a virgin ass, Randolph you done us proud
again", Randolph waved a hand at him, then took another draw of his cigar and
settled down to watch his pretty daughter-in-law get her ass fucked.  

He enjoyed her humiliation as she squealed and cried out when Howard's cock
penetrated her ass-ring, her crying was music to his ears as Howard banged away
almost lifting her off the bed, her large tit's slapped back and forth dancing
under her, her fingers gripped the pillow until strong hands held her ass steady
as the cock emptied it self in her.

Randolph watched another five men fuck her, her mouth, cunt, between her full
round tit's and ass, especially her ass as two of the men lent to being gay but
still weren't going to give up the opportunity to fuck a nice ass. As the last
one got off her, Randolph suggested a break for some refreshments, they agreed
and Toni was forced to lead them downstairs, they hadn't allowed her to dress
and little driblets of male sperm ran down her legs, much to their amusement.

As she reached the study door, Randolph gripped her arm, "Get on the table and
lay down, arms behind your head, legs open", she didn't bother arguing and as
the last man filed in she was laid as told, then George appeared pushing a
trolley.

On the trolley were various dish's of food, he stopped beside Toni, took fork
and spoon and started to place the food all over her naked body, stuffed a full
tomato in her mouth, placed a bowl of dip on her naval then pushed celery sticks
up her cunt, turned and left, Randolph gestured at Toni, "Supper is served".

The eight men gathered round the table and started biting at the food, letting
their tongues enjoy the naked woman under it. Trevor enjoyed the tomato
slavering over Toni's mouth as other men pushed celery covered in dip back up
her cunt before eating, all Toni could do was lay there and let the men abuse
her.

As the men finished Randolph asked for two volunteers to wash the plate, Trevor
and Robert were elected, there was a lot of laughter as they took great delight
in slapping the tear-full woman's ass all the way up the stairs and in to the
shower room.

While all this was going on Randolph suggested that the fairest way to enjoy the
rest of the time was for each man to have her to themselves for two hours at a
time, this was agreed. Raymond told Robert that he would be in, in two hours and
as Robert pushed Toni in to the bedroom the rest of the men relaxed with brandy
and cigars.

It was four in the afternoon, an exhausted Toni sat in the same chair she had
before all this started, Randolph lent back against the desk, George stood
beside him holding her case, she stared at her lap, "Look at me girl", her head
rose, "Good, now as I said in the beginning you have been promoted you are now
private secretary to the board, you will work on the top floor, George show her
the uniform".

The case was opened, George picked up each item, short skirts, low cut blouses,
erotic under-wear, including suspenders, stockings or lace top hold-ups, ankle
strap high heels, Randolph smiled at the shocked expression on her face, "There
all the correct size, some of them maybe just a size to small but that will make
days at work more interesting, and you should see the features in your new
office, but that can wait, now go up stairs and try this on" he threw a pile of
clothes at her.
 
George put the case in her car as he took the Daimler out. Mean-while back in
the house Toni had to be called down but as far as the men were concerned it was
worth the wait, before them was this beautiful woman, the high heels forced the
calf's of her legs to perfection, the hold-up stockings could be seen right up
to the lace tops before the short skirt moulded tightly over her ass, the blouse
pulled at the top and the bra pushed her large tit's up almost spilling them
out, Randolph laughed, "Turn around slowly, lets see it all", as she turned for
them her stomach churned to the sick perverted remarks they made until Randolph
stopped her, "Can't wait for Monday, now go home, get some rest and think about
your life".

She hid down as far as she could, just peeking through the window-screen on the
drive home, she looked down at herself and shuddered at how she looked and the
thought of all the disgusting things she had been forced to do then suddenly
coming towards her was George in the Daimler, with him was Desmond, they passed
heading for Randolph's house.

His Entrapment

Desmond sat in the chair totally stunned by what he had just been shown, he
looked at the note from Eidur Gudjohnsen, then at the nine men gathered round
him, his father spoke, " Nothing would make me happier than apologising to the
board by having you put inside but that would do us no good at all, no it has
been decided that you will still work for us but part time, we have plans for
your other time, Gerald and Howard will escort you home, they will have any
other relative information you will need and I will see you on Friday at the
office, Gentlemen you know what to do, goodbye Desmond".

Toni stood in her towelled house coat over her slacks and jumper as she watched
the big silver B M W stop outside the door, Robert and Gerald got out, went to
the boot and got two large bags, they walked towards the house followed by a
very pale Desmond, she opened the front door, the three men walked past her with
out speaking. By the time Toni went in to their lounge, Desmond was sat on the
sofa; Gerald beside him, Robert stood looking at him, his back to the fireplace.

Go upstairs girl we will call you when it's time, we have some-things for
Desmond to do first, meekly she turned and left. Robert opened one of the bags,
"Right Desmond, first you have a course of injections that we will make sure you
get, second, while you are here you will wear what we have in the second bag,
you well need this bag for your out door wear, and you will do exactly what we
tell you. You have signed everything over and your confession of guilt, so there
is little point it arguing, do you understand everything I have said", almost in
tears the chubby man nodded.

Gerald reached in his pocket, "Time for your first injection", Desmond went to
speak, "Don't ask, you will find out all to soon, just roll up your sleeve, or
would you prefer the other end, I would". Desmond rolled his sleeve up and the
injection was administer, " Now go and call your wife and be quick about it we
have some things to get right".

Desmond stood at the foot of the stairs and called, he quickly returned. In a
few moments Toni entered and sat beside him, she was handed a video, "Put this
on while we explain a few things", with not a word she put the video in the
machine, switched on and returned to the sofa.

Everything that had happened in Randolph's study had been recorded and it played
out to the four people. Toni buried her head and sobbed as Desmond sat open
mouthed, Robert carried on as though nothing had happened, "Due to these
injections you will notice a few changes in yourself, that is why you have a new
wardrobe, that is why you will be home a lot, doing the house work ect, don't
worry you won't be alone".

As the video got to the bit were Toni was modelling her new uniform Robert
continued, "As you see your wife has a new roll in life, so she will be the
bread winner so to speak, now go upstairs and change in to the lemon and come
back here, I don't want to hear any argument, just go".

Gerald took the bag and walked upstairs behind the dejected Desmond leaving Toni
alone with Robert, "Come here Toni", he snapped his fingers at her and she stood
shaking in front of him. "Put your arms round me and kiss me", she shook as she
put her arms around his neck and placed her lips on his, he held the back of her
head and forced his tongue in her mouth, his left hand undid her towelling robe
and fondled her breast, he pulled her head back, "You got great tit's, I loved
fucking off between them".

She stood there unable to move as he gripped her hair with one hand and his
other pulled the bottom of the jumper out before disappearing under it to pull
her bra up releasing her tit's for him to play with, that was the sight that
greeted Desmond when he walked back in, but Toni had a bigger surprise.

 Desmond was dressed in a lemon blouse and skirt with sling back sandals, he was
clean-shaven and his slightly longish hair and been washed and was set in a
feminine style, he had on a light make-up.

Robert didn't stop fondling Toni's tit's as he said, "Well, well it's Debbie,
come in and join us", he pulled up Toni's jumper exposing her breast's, "Don't
be jealous, you will soon have tit's", both Toni and Desmond just stood and
looked at each other.

The Change of life.

Gerald broke the silence, "You two have had a long day and Toni has to get up
for work tomorrow so I suggest we retire", Toni moved towards her pathetic
looking husband, but Robert pulled her back, "Oh no, Debbie goes with Gerald,
you come with me", he bent forward and whispered, "And I do mean cum", the two
men grabbed an arm each then Toni and Desmond were marched out of the room and
upstairs in to different bedrooms.

Robert threw Toni in to the middle of the bedroom pulled up a chair, sat and lit
a cigar, she put her hand to her mouth, "Please not in here", in drew in the
smoke, "Young lady I will do as I please in your bedroom, and the next thing I
choose to do is you, take your clothes off, nice and slow then put on some of
your new work underwear".

More tears, "Oh for god sake, just do it, lets have you looking the part before
I let you play with me for about an hour, then a good blow job, followed by
another bit of head-bobbing so as I'm hard enough for that cute ass of yours,
you may begin".

She looked at him as she undid her robe and let it fall, "What about Desmond,
what are these injections", he let the cigar smoke out slowly, "You mean Debbie,
I'll try and explain, as far as I'm concerned I'm having you so bugger him and
where Gerald's concerned I do mean bugger", he laughed at his pun, "And as for
the injection's, well, we all want Debbie with titties don't we".

He went back to his cigar as if nothing was happening, the poor frightened
housewife stood there slowly taking her clothes off, he settled back in the
chair as he gazed at the perfect body being unveiled in front of him.

He nodded at her shaking face and she let her pantys drop, he licked his lips,
"Mmmmm nice, bring that stool over here", she picked up the stool and walked
towards him, "Sit down, here in front of me".

She sat naked in front of him, "Take my shoes and socks off and lick my feet,
and how about you open your legs and play with your cunt while you suck my
toe's".

As the lovely woman sucked at the sweaty toe's being pushed in to her mouth, her
fingers played between her legs. In the other room Gerald sat on the bed, his
arms back supporting him, his legs open as he enjoy the sucking mouth of the
pathetic Desmond.

Gerald enjoyed women but men were defiantly his favourite, he was really hard
his cock was bursting, he gripped Desmond's head, "Turn round and lift your
skirt, I want to see if your as good with your ass as you are with your mouth".

Trying to pull away from the hands Desmond mumbled, "No". 

 A quick slap and the loud voice of Gerald telling him to get his ass on view
stung him in to submission. Almost crying, Desmond turned and pulled up the
lemon skirt, Gerald laughed as the stocking tops and suspenders came in to view.
Desmond pushed his fingers in to the waistband of the matching lemon pants and
pushed down until his round chubby ass cheeks were naked, "Pull your cheeks
apart, show it to me".

Gerald stroked his cock as the folds of Desmond's ass parted revealing a little
pink hole, Gerald stood up and took one step, the tip of his cock pushed at the
entry, Desmond moaned another pathetic, "No, don't do it to meeee".

Gerald shoved himself in to the open hole, Desmond was tight but Gerald had
fucked to many ass-holes and knew exactly what to do. He slapped Desmond's hands
away and placed his own on the hips in front of him.

Gerald thrust himself fully in and started to fuck, "Don't be a cry baby Debbie,
grip your ankles and enjoy".

The sound of the squealing Desmond was easily heard in the bedroom opposite.
Toni was still sitting on the stool in front of Robert but now she was bent
forward a hand on each of his knees as her lips wrapped themselves around the
fully erect cock.

She held the head inside her mouth as her tongue danced over it, her eyes up,
staring in to Roberts grin, "Just a little longer with the tongue then it should
be wet enough for it's next journey".

A couple of minutes later the sound of a sob signalled the fact that Toni was
now on all fours in the middle of the bed, Robert knelt behind her tickling
between her legs as he opened her ready for his thrust. The head of the cock,
still wet from the lovely mouth pushed in, now the lovely mouth moaned, as both
husband and wife gave up there ass-holes to the fucking pleasures of the two
perverted men.

Robert heard Gerald's cry and guessed he had filled Desmond's ass so as if in
unison he thrust harder in to Toni making her cry out as his cock spude cream up
her.

Both men took their victims to the shower and played with them as they cleaned
themselves and them up, then to bed.

Desmond was forced to wear and silk shorty nightdress for Gerald's amusement, by
the time it was morning Desmond had sucked and been fucked four more times.

Toni was denied clothes or a lot of sleep, she to forced to do what ever Robert
wanted, she pleaded with him to stop as he insisted she kissed and caressed him,
sucked him, until his cock, balls and ass were wet from the working's of her
mouth, then she would be forced to sit on his rampant meat and fuck him using
her cunt or ass muscles while he grinned up to her miserable face, taunting her
about prison life as he pawed her bouncing tit's.

Day one of the sentence.

Robert told Toni to kiss Debbie good-bye, he held the front door open while he
played with the car keys, smiling at the sight of Desmond in and light cotton
dress kissing Toni who stood taller than him in her high heeled red shoes, white
stockings, the lace tops clung to her thighs.

A red knee length skirt, slit to the thigh at each side fitted snugly over her
hips, her naked breasts could be seen clearly through the transparent blouse.
Her hair held back in a clip cascaded down her back, Robert took her arm, "Your
chauffeur awaits".

Gerald and Desmond stood at the front door as the B M W purred away, "Wave
nicely, she going to work and so are you", he pulled him in and slammed the door
before heading Desmond towards the kitchen. 

It was 5.30pm as Gerald stood watching out of the window, knowing the car would
be arriving with in minutes, he looked down at the shoulder length hair covering
the head that sucked very slowly on his hard cock.

He looked at the Japanese style housecoat, smiling at the knowledge that he had
black bra, pants, stocking and suspenders on under it.

Gerald put his hand on the head as the blue Jaguar stopped outside the door, he
only saw Howard at first until Toni's head rose from his lap. Howard got out and
zipped up his trousers, a dishevelled Toni got out the other side, she still
looked beautiful but her eyes were a vacant glaze.

The door opened, Howard held Toni's arm and pushed her in, her first sight was
the pathetic Desmond on his knees sucking Gerald, still the glazed look never
left her eye's.

Gerald asked Howard if he'd had a good day, Howard nodded, "We all had a good
day, our floor is very worker friendly", Gerald said, "As good as this", and he
pumped another load down Desmond's throat.

As Desmond knelt chocking, Howard said, "Just as good, plus one more hole,
talking of hole's there is one in my stomach, I take it there's dinner, your
hungry aren't you Toni", Toni just stood looking at the three men.


Gerald helped Desmond up, "Debbie has been a very good girl, I'll make a good
cook of her yet, you will enjoy a good meal while we let Toni and Debbie tell
each other about their day and in detail, fancy a drink before we eat".

As Gerald poured drinks, Howard took Toni upstairs and made her clean herself
up, then he sat and watched as she changed in to new stocking's with suspenders,
a red thong and matching half-cut bra, only allowing her to cover this with a
white nylon thigh length open bed-jacket, Howard felt his cock stir again as she
sat brushing her hair.

Howard noticed how smooth Desmond's arms were as he placed the four plates on
the table, both men sat opposite each other allowing Toni and Desmond to face
each other, Howard said, "Now which one is going first, I think, eerrr yes,
Toni, and my dear tell it right from when you arrived at the building and I know
you won't leave out any tiny details". 

The husband and wife just stared at each other, Gerald picked up his wine glass,
"Come on people, let's drink to pleasures of the flesh, our pleasure your
flesh". Two firm hands, two shaking hands clinked glass's before Howard said,
"Toni use your mouth to tell Debbie or I'll use it for something else, you
choose", Toni cleared her throat.

Toni looked down at her food and then started to mumble, Howard took her arm,
"Look at Debbie and speak clearly, we all want to hear". Her eyes filled with
tears as she started.

Her story.

"Oh Desmond it was", she was stopped, Howard gripped her arm again, "It's Debbie
to all of us, all of us", her hatred was impossible to hind as she dabbed her
eyes then continued, "Deb, Debbie, Robert took me to the building, I had to go
up in the lift in front of others, they looked at me, they made awful remarks at
the way I was dressed, I thought I was  pleased to get to the executive lift
until I got out and saw your fathers office, they were all in there waiting for
me".

"Robert opened the door and pushed me in, the look on your fathers face was
evil, as he said, "Good morning Toni, we are having a meeting come with me".
They led me to the boardroom, I was forced to stand as they all sat, your father
crocked his finger at me, when I went to him he told me to get under the table,
the meeting would last 1 hour, I would be expected to have sucked them all, I
pleaded with him but he just laughed as he told me we would talk about it after
I had made them all cum in my mouth".

"Oh god Desmo, Debbie, it was horrorable, forced under that table, I was
helpless as they held my head down on their filthy cocks, I kept banging my head
as I tried to stop them pushing their meat down my throat, the hour seemed a
lifetime".

" Your father just laughed at me, he told me to stop spitting out their filth it
was along time until lunch and I would be busy in my office so I needed all my
strength. It was your old one but now it only had a small desk in the corner to
make room for a bed".

He bundled me in, I fell to my knees sobbing I begged him to stop, he just stood
their looking down at me, he said, I would have thought you'd had enough of
being on your knees, as for me you on that bed on your back is next, I don't
know about the others, oh and you have got two hours of desk work before I
finish my day off, by having you over it, now, sexy as you may look I think the
modern expiration is, get your kit off".

"Again I had to take my clothes off in front of those horrid men, your father
encouraged others to stay and three face's watched as your father fucked me, oh
god I felt so ashamed, he had my legs up and they could see everything, when he
finished I had to stay there as all three of them took their turn on me".

"They were awful to me, after all that they had made me do it was still only
midday and they insisted I sit with them for lunch, they kept me naked while
they made me choose from the buffet, some of them wanted me as the plate again,
your father told them they hadn't time to clean me, besides I had work to do".

"For the next two hours I worked as their secretary, they treated me as though
nothing had happened the only difference was I was still naked, I asked if I
could dress but your father said he liked me like this, I was so humiliated by
everything, they even took me to the toilet and watched, it was disgusting".

"When I finished the ledgers, Ray and Trevor had me on the bed, they were awful
to me making me sit on a cock, I was facing Ray while Trevor pushed me down
making me kiss Ray while he fucked me in the bottom".

"After that, they left my laying on the bed as they started to close down, your
father brought those clothes back, he told me Howard would be taking me home, I
reached for the clothes but he said, that's after I have done what I said, I
asked what he meant, he just smiled and told me to bend over the desk and get my
ass in the air".

"Your father took me again this time from behind, my cunt was so sore, I was in
so much pain, but no one showed me any sympathy", she sobbed over her cold
dinner, "Even this terrible man told me if my cunt was sore I could use my mouth
around his cock on the way home", Toni broke down and sobbed uncontrollable".

Howard laughed, "Oh come on Toni, your cunt, tit's and ass have been wasted on
Debbie here, you needed what we are giving you, I know I needed it, ain't that
right Debbie you don't mind us fucking your lovely lady. Well so now you know
what your lovely fucking machine has been doing all-day, so what about you"?

His Story

Desmond sat there with the look of an attractive transvestite but his eyes were
glazed in disbelief, Gerald shook him, "Come on Debbie their waiting".

He spoke, his voice braking as he tried to look at his wife, "Toni forgive me,
please, I thought it would make us happy, I didn't want this to happen", Gerald
interrupted, "Debbie we don't need any sob stories, just think you've made me
happy, now explain that to Toni".

"Oh Toni I was forced in to our kitchen to have the first of today's three
injections, they make me feel so strange, I still don't know why their doing
this to me".

Toni went to speak but Howard shook his head, Desmond continued, "After the
injection, Gerald got me over the kitchen table lifted my skirt and pushed
himself in to my ass, as he fucked me he put his hand round and got hold of my
cock and started to play with me, I couldn't help it I got hard he worked on me,
wanking me off while he fucked me so hard, I came all over the table and his
hand, he held me over until he finished fucking my ass".

"Still with his cock up me he made me lick my own cum off the table then he
pushed his wet fingers in to my mouth before I had to do the same with his
cock".

"Then we started cooking, he treated me like a little child, making do things
for him, then coffee, I had to sit on the floor while we drank, Gerald stroked
my hair calling me his little darling before he stood up and made me suck him
again, he told me I had to learn to suck a cock all the way, I was to be his
deep throat girl and he spent half an hour making me learn, pushing in slowly
all the time getting it further down, I was choking".

Gerald laughed, "Oh Debbie you do tell lies you made such lovely slurping noise
you must be enjoying it, I distinctly heard some nice mmmmmmm sounds and it was
defiantly you".

"Desmond's voice went up, "No, no, you forced me, you frightened me in to doing
as you told me, you told me to make mmmmm noises and the slurping sound was when
you made me use my tongue on you, please believe me Toni".

Gerald's laugh got louder, "Oh yes and I suppose all that rolling my cock round
your mouth as your head bobbed up and down was something you only just learnt, I
think not I think you're a bit of a faggot and you didn't stop me spurting it
all down your throat and guess what Toni, he swallowed it all".

Desmond started to sob, "Please, Please Toni it's not true", Gerald was still
laughing, "You're a cock-sucking little faggot who love's the old salami stick,
go on, tell them about this afternoon".

"We finished preparing the dinner then I had to get changed, I had to wear bra,
pants, stockings and suspenders, he did my hair and made me put on make-up, then
he watched me clean around the house, telling me I looked lovely when I bent
over, he kept touching me before he said he wanted to take me to bed".

Gerald banged his fist on the table, "You missed a bit, tell her".

Desmond looked down, "During the time I was cleaning the bathroom he came in and
sat on the toilet, he waited until I was close and then put his hand between my
legs and started to stroke me. I was frightened not to do as I was told so I
stood still, he played with my balls and I, I".

Gerald banged the table again, "He got a stork on, didn't you, you little
faggot".

"You made me cum you would'nt stop, I couldn't help it you just kept pulling on
me until I did, you know I didn't want to lick it out of your hand, but you made
me".

Harold put his hand on Toni's knee, "Did you know he was a bum bandit", she
shook her head".

Desmond's voice was full of panic, "I'm not, I'm not, believe me Toni, it's you
I want".

Gerald sat back and announced to the others, "So you put up a fight when I took
you to the bedroom again, as I remember, it was you in the bed first or have you
a different story".

Howard ran his hand up Toni's leg, "I think we've heard enough, let's leave them
to wash up, you have another busy day tomorrow, I promised Randolph I would let
you get some sleep so lets get to bed early I need some time to play with you".

After the dining room was cleared, Gerald and Desmond went upstairs, Desmond
stopped at the sound of his wife she was pleading with Howard to stop, as
Desmond went towards his own room his ears filled with, "No, no not my ass, I'll
suck you again, please let me suck you, don't do my ass please I'm begging you,
I'll ride your cock but my ass is so sore".

As Gerald joined him he said, "Your ass better be alright", Desmond went to
move, Gerald held him, "Wait, lets hear". The two men stood and listened to
Howard tell Toni, "O K fuck bunny, your ether going to ride my cock and talk
dirty, or am I going to fuck your ass, you better do it good, I can always slip
out of one hole and up another".

A pathetic voice came back, "Pla, please let me fuck you, I, eerrr, I want to
sit on your big fat cock and have it up my, my cunt, you can play with my tit's,
I want you to play with my nipples, I, I errr really like it when you roll them
in your fingers it makes them go hard. You do that to me while I work your cock
into my cunt".

As Gerald pushed Desmond in he heard, "Come on then shag pony get your legs open
and tell me how you want me to have a suck at that juice cunt, then you can
pleasure me", Gerald laughed, "Come on Debbie lets you and me have the same bit
of fun".

Weekends follow weeks

It had been three weeks since that fate-full weekend, Toni sat in the backseat
staring at the backs of two heads thinking about her life, her right hand pulled
on the hard cock beside her.

She sighed as she remembered how Desmond looked while he worked in his fathers
office, she knew how uncomfortable he was with his chest bound but it had to be,
his breasts were now beginning to show, even though he had lost weight and was
still wearing the same baggy suits.

She thought how much she was working at the office, she was only being fucked
about four times a day, but there was the down side, there were more of them
taking her home, another sigh, it was Friday, the weekend in front of her and
there was Roland sitting in front.

She hated Roland, he was the nasty one, sex was a warped obsession with him,
male, female he didn't care and the kinkier the better, she was worried for
Desmond's sake, she had seen the hold-all he had put in the boot, and what made
things worse when Trevor had asked him about it, he had grinned, "My little
something for the weekend, it will keep our play things on their toes,
literally".

Roger smiled as she licked the thick white cream he had just pumped all over her
hand as the car stopped out-side the house, she could see Charles stood beside
Desmond, poor Desmond he looked so pathetic he was dressed in his home dress,
his hair done nicely, a light make-up she winced when she heard Roland say,
"Debbie's getting a good handful, I hope I don't make them to tender, still he
will deserve it for what he tried to do".

 All six stood in the hall, Roland immediately took control, "Debbie shut the
door and I hope you have cooked a good meal, Trevor you take Toni upstairs and
dress her, befitting what she will be tonight, come Roger lets get a drink".

Charles took Desmond back to the kitchen, Toni felt sick in her stomach as she
heard Roland laughing, there was something evil in it, but she didn't have time
to think, Trevor was marching her upstairs.

As she entered her bedroom he took the coat off her, the tight top bulged out as
it showed her breast's and pert nipples, the short skirt looked disgusting as it
didn't even cover the straps of the suspenders that held up the dark seemed
stockings, she tried not to look at him as he went to her wardrobe saying, "Well
we said you'd be our whore and you certainly look like one, so what about
tonight I wonder what our Roland want you in".

As she showered he picked out a peek-a-boo bra, French knickers, suspenders, all
in red satin, then dark stocking that had lots of lace patterning at the top,
finished of with ankle strap high heels. She came out of the bathroom and stared
at the out-fit, Trevor smiled at her, "Lets have you made up and with your hair
swept over to one side, oh and get rid of that towel while you do it, no need to
be shy, lets be honest I've fucked you enough times, but this week-end may be
different".

As she walked in to the lounge Roland mocked her with a hand clapping asking all
the others to join in, when she stood beside him, he looked up her put his hand
in his pocket and took out a red studded dog collar. "Here Debbie put this on
Toni", Desmond did as he was told and buckled round his wife's neck.

"Here, clip this on", Desmond took the lead from Roland and clipped it on to the
collar, then pasted it back to Roland who tugged it, "Sit", Toni knelt beside
him, "This week-end both of you will transverse from servant to slave, Debbie go
and change, I want you to look like Toni, then you may serve dinner".

 Toni knelt beside Roland as the four men continued drinking, Trevor pasted
Roland a clean glass ash-tray, he filled it with red wine and put it at his
feet, looked at Toni, "Drink my pet". She knew what she was expected to do, on
all fours she bent and lapped at the wine, "Don't get any on the carpet my
little bitch or I'll rub your face in it".

With her ass up Roland's hand travelled down her back and started stroking over
her silky soft knickers, pulling at the loose sides so he could finger her cunt,
all-though Toni had finished she didn't move as the finger pushed up between her
soft cunt lips, thankfully Charles and Desmond arrived with the food.

As they all stood she went to do the same but a quick jerk down made sure she
was on all fours as they approached the table. She looked up to see Desmond with
the same collar and lead. Plates were put down beside Roland and Charles's
chairs and the loop's of the lead's put under them.

Trevor took a mouthful of food, chewed a bit, "What do you mean change from
servant to slave", Roland emptied his mouth took and small container from his
pocket and emptied the contents on to the plate, the smell hit every-one, "Toni
eat it".

Toni shrank back in horror, "Never", Roland didn't say a word as he took the
plate, turned it and shook the shit back into the container and replaced the
lid, then carried on with another mouthful before saying, "Gentlemen would you
not agree that Toni is what everyman would like to find in his bed in the
morning", there was a general nodding, "Right, but would it not be better to
have total control on every command, NO matter what".

After another set of nodding, Roland picked up his glass, "Here's to this
weekend and to slavery", Toni was almost in tears at the quiet but evil menace
she heard in his voice.

Roland took the lead from under his chair, "Toni sit on my knee", Toni meekly
obeyed. "Debbie, kneel and look at us", Desmond's head appeared, he looked
ridiculous, hair and face made up staring over the food, but it was obvious
that's was what they wanted.

Roland took a tube from his pocket, squirted some clear jell on his finger and
moved under Toni's loose knickers, As she closed her eyes she tried to take in
the situation, there she was sitting on this odious mans knee, his fingers up
her cunt, watching was her husband dressed as a woman with his own breast's and
three men eating, worst of all what ever was being pushed up her cunt was making
her tingle.

Roland felt her squirm, "Well Toni don't you feel sexy, wet and sexy", she
looked away, the look of embarrassment on her face made the other three smile,
"Put your arm around my neck, come on lets show Debbie how much fun your having
and Debbie I don't want to see your eye's move from her".

Roland's arm went around Toni, his hand slid under her arm and up covering her
right breast, his other finger's now pushing hard in and out of her wet cunt, he
felt her becoming tense and rigid on his lap, she gasped.

As Roland's thumb rolled her nipples hard he moved his mouth to cover hers,
reluctantly she moved her lips, before his lips closed over her, he said,
"Debbie, I think Toni's beginning to like this, can you smell her".

His lips covered hers and he began to thoroughly explore her hot little mouth
while his hands continued working on her body, Roland worked her until little
gasps were forced from her, he looked at Desmond, "Your Toni has a lovely cunt
and from the smell I think she likes me playing with it", she shuddered, groaned
as her juice spurted over Roland's hand, "That cream has got you hot and cuming,
I'm so pleased as this week-end I've got lots and it's just for you".

Roland never stopped finger fucking her, she was still hot and getting hotter,
Roland bent and sucked on her nipple, then looked at Trevor, "You want to play
with her, you want her hot wet cunt on your knee", Trevor moved his chair to
accommodate her, as she was pushed toward him Roland pasted the jell to him,
soon he had three fingers up, fucking her, enjoying forcing moans out of the
pretty mouth.

As Roland left the table he turned to Roger, "If he makes her cum before I get
back, you keep her cunt hot and Charles as long as Debbie can see what we are
doing to Toni's cunt he can suck your cock", Desmond shouted, "No stop it, this
must stop, no", Roland smacked the back of Desmond's head, "You better do as
your told, believe by the end of this week-end you will hate the word no".   

As Roland returned, Roger had Toni sitting open legged on the table, Desmond was
staring at his wife's open cunt as Roger's finger's creamed in and out of her
cunt and ass and much to Roland's delight she was still moaning, they jumped as
he roared, "Get them in the garage, now".

Toni shuffled towards the adjoining garage door, her legs open, her knickers
around her thighs, both her and Desmond dragged by their leads, she screamed as
they entered.

The Swinging Scene

Roland stood beside the ropes and pulley's that hung from the garage beams, he
held two syringes, "Do come in, your injections await you, yes Toni we are going
to improve your melons to", the two captives struggled and kicked out.

Much as they put up a fight, Toni and Desmond hung by the wrists while Roland
told Trevor to get some drinks, he ignored Toni's pleading as he emptied the
syringes into their ass's then took his glass "Gentlemen, cheers, it's going to
be a long night".

Roland walked over to his captives, "Do you know what a slave is", Toni
stammered, "It's some-one who serves a master", Roland rolled and pulled her
nipple between his fingers, "According to the dictionary it's a person held
legally in bondage who has lost all powers of resistance and will perform
compulsory work with-out question".

Desmond started to sob, "But we do as we are told", Roland's hand grabbed at
Desmond's jaw, "You think you do but not enough for your father, and that's for
me to put right", he slapped the side of Desmond's face, "By the end of this
week-end you will understand what with-out question means".

Roland looked at Roger, "Get their shoes off", as Roger bent, Roland carried on,
"You two will have noticed you are standing on a metal square, you are fastened
by ropes to pulleys and I have some unusual toys in my bag, I am going to gag
you both and play. When I and only I have decided we will stop, I will take the
gag off and ask you if you are a slave, you will choose, then you will be
tested, if you are a slave, good, if not we will do it all again".

Their hysterical crying was soon silenced by ball gags, Roland unwound the
extension lead before plugging in the cord from the metal squares, he held the
control box took a sip from his drink, then staring at Toni he clicked the
button once.

The other three men watched as Toni and Desmond started to groan, moving from
one leg to the other, another click and the movement became frantic, Roland put
it down and started to pull on the pulley. Desmond and Toni's arm stretched up
until they were on tiptoes, they could lift their feet up.

Roland picked up the holdall and opened it to the three men, first he took out
four crocodile clips put two on Toni's clit then two on Desmond's sack, he
smiled in to the screaming face's before returning to the bag.

 "Gentlemen pick your weapons". Trevor looked in, he saw whips, paddles, riding
crops and knotted ropes, he rubbed his chin, "I think a paddle for her pretty
bum".

The bag was offered to Charles, he smiled at the hanging Desmond, picked the
riding crop and flicked it. Roger took the empty glass's for a refill while
Trevor and Charles stood behind the hanging pair, Roland smiled, "Take their
minds of the pain of the clips so be my guest".

Trevor was the first, swinging his arm back the paddle made a loud slap on the
defenceless round ass hanging in front of him, Charles joined in, Roland and
Roger lent by the wall and watched Toni and Desmond try to keep their feet off
the hot metal while wiggling at the stinging ass's.

Charles was the worst, stinging Desmond's ass and cock, he pinched at his little
breasts pulling hard on the nipple. Then as Toni turned away from the paddle he
enjoyed catching her tit's with flicks on her nipples.

Roland pulled hard on the pulleys and the two captives lifted off the floor,
swinging franticly to escape the beating, all they achieved was for Toni to
swing back into Trevor who ether sucked at her cunt or turned her ass or tit's
to the paddle and Desmond was whipped on the ass or balls.

Tears ran down their faces and the red strips criss crossed the bodies, Roland
clicked the button then slowly started to lower them, Toni pulled her legs up,
her bottom hung round and firm making an easy target for the paddling. Desmond
was unable to bring his feet up, the smell of burning flesh filled the room as
he screamed in to his gag.

The sweat glistened on Toni's body she tried to put one foot down, this only
served to open her slit to Trevor's fingers and he took no time in ramming them
up her to the knuckle, enjoying the squealing sound from behind the gag, but her
noise was nothing compared to Desmond.

Roland said, "Can't keep the feet up, poor Debbie here let me help", he grabbed
his feet, roped them and pulled backward, Desmond slumped forward, but Roland
still let the rope slip through his hand, lowering him.
He swung, his tit's or hips were going to be the first to touch the metal,
Desmond could feel the heat as his hung down, as his cock twitched he squealed
pathetically and shook his head.

Roland looked at Toni, " Losing his ball's won't make a lot of difference to the
big girly but your next, think your tit's are fire proof", Trevor whispered in
her ear, "Can I tie these big tit's up that will force those lovely nipple's
further out, they should feel the heat first", she shook her head as she hopped
from one foot to the other, another slap from the paddle forced tears from her
eye's.

Roland pulled the plug from the extension and moved the metal squares, "Take
their gags off".

Desmond cried like a baby but Toni stared at Roland as lit a cigar, took a long
draw and held the hot tip above her nipple, quietly he said, "To be a slave or
not to be a slave that is my question".

Toni trembled as she hung in front of him, suddenly she whispered, "With-out
question, master".  

It's a testing time

Roland fumbled in his pocket, brought out the container and opened it, he put it
to her lips, she immediately licked at the contents, he held it until her tongue
had scooped at least half then past it to Charles who smiled at Desmond as he
offered it up.

Desmond whined as he did the same, Roland looked back at Toni, "See it's not
that difficult, but that's just the first test, lets see how you are in the
bedroom".

As they went in to the lounge, Roland decided on a toast, red wine was poured
and he stood in front of them all, "To ten years of servitude, long may Toni and
Debbie suck cock", everybody drank, he noted no hesitation from Toni.

As the four men sat drinking, smoking, chatting, Desmond and Toni cleared away,
washed up always running back to check the glass's were full, until they sat in
silence at the men's feet, Roger had Toni massage his feet until they finished,
Roland clicked his fingers, "Bedroom", was all he had to say, and the two of
them were up there.

Charles entered to find Desmond knelt at the foot of the bed, the other three
had a totally naked Toni sat on the bed, Roland smiled at the other two, "You
undress us then you will bath with us, before, well you know what".

The bathing over the men returned to the bed. The three of them sat, Toni stood
in front, "Entertain us", Toni went in to a gyrating dance thrusting hip body at
each man rolling her breast's over them, straddling their legs with hers and
rubbing her cunt up and down as she played with herself, Trevor smiled as she
pushed her face at him, "You're a shameless whore," she giggled at him, "Yes and
I'm proud of it, I'm your whore", Roger joined in, "If you're his whore and not
mine then you should be punished".

She purred over him, her hand squeezing his crutch, "Then punish me, spank me,
do what you like to me", he smiled back at her, "Go and fetch something to spank
you with, you choose".

She disappeared out of the bedroom but was back with-in a minute. She presented
a thick strap to Roger then lay across his lap, thwack, she squealed, thwack,
thwack, she cried out but arched her ass up, thwack, thwack, the red welts
glowed, she wiggled, thwack, thwack, she slipped of his legs and knelt between
them, "Thank you master, would you like your cock sucked by a whore"?

Roger smiled, "Beg me", Toni put her hands together in front of her, "Please
master please let me have that big long cock stuck in my throat, I love the
taste, I want to have it all, all the way down and you must promise you won't
take it out until I have swallowed all your tasty juice, please, please, I'll do
all the work you just lay there and let me pleasure you".

Roland smiled at the scene, "I don't see why we all can't enjoy such an offer,
how about if our lovely whore sucks us all and just for fun we will set a time
limit, all three emptied and swallowed with in ten minutes and she has to keep
her hands behind her back or she will dance on the metal, I deal".

Toni didn't hesitate, "Get your cocks out and tell me when to start, I'm a good
cocksucker", Roland nodded, took of his trousers, as did the others, "Your time
to prove how good a cocksucker you are starts now".

Toni clasp her hands behind her and rammed her mouth over Trevor's cock pushing
the full length of it in to her throat immediately her head bobbed up and down
her lips tight around it, breathing franticly through her nose, she had resolved
her self to be what they wanted.

In the other room Desmond was just the same, he lay across the bed, Charles had
his cock firmly lodged in a throat, fingers massaged his hanging sack as they
tickle up and in the open ass-hole, he put his hands behind his neck and let out
a contented moan.

As the ninth minute past, Trevor's cock exploded in Toni's mouth, she gagged,
chocked a little but swallowed all the cream before running the tip of her
tongue over the head, sucking in the last drops, all the men had the same
treatment, Roland announced to the two men, "Go get some drinks, something like
Baileys or a thick liquor we've eaten off her now to lap some liquid out of her
delicious holes".

He looked at Toni, "As for you go and get a razor and foam we want to watch you
shave your cunt".

The others returned handed the drink to Roland and relaxed to watch the
entertainment. Toni foamed her self and started to pull at her cunt as the razor
stroked over the foam, the men enjoyed the way she pulled the lips, moving her
slit to the side and up and then down until she washed the last of the foam off
revealing the bald cunt to the men.

Roger licked his lips, "Come here", she moved to the front of him, he splashed
some Tia-Maria on his hand and rubbed it all over her naked cunt then buried his
head on to it, licking at her. The other two got up and poured the creamy
Baileys over her tit's, they started to suck licking at her nipples.

Trevor told her to get on her back and pull her legs up over to her shoulders,
holding her cunt lips apart they took turns pouring Drambuie in to her, then
bent, licking at it, sucking the liquor in to their mouths until they looked at
their erect cocks, "Looks like we are ready again lets all fuck her at the same
time", they looked at her, she quickly said, "Please, yes, fuck me, I need cock,
please fuck me hard all of you, fuck me hard".

The whole of the week-end was a orgy of fucking, Roland took his perversion out
on both Toni and Desmond, forcing Desmond to suck him, let him bugger him and
laugh as pins were pushed through his nipples. The other three got a passion for
whipping and dropping hot wax on Desmond and using dildos on Toni, making her
hot then enjoying her submissive body, she just did what ever they wanted.  

Reflection with anticipation

Randolph looked out of the window, "So you are telling me that Toni's firm is
making us 5,000,000 a year, and she believes she can double that in the porn
movie business, I don't believe it, chirst it's only two years since we first
had her".

Trevor closed the ledger, "She has been very successful she now has 30 girls
working for her and they are all gorges and as talented with their bodies as she
was".

Randolph lit another cigar, "I thought that she would go to pieces when Desmond
topped himself but in the last 18 months she seems to be going from strength to
strength, when was the last time you visited her apartment, it's more like a
small palace".

Howard smiled, "It's a hell of a lot better than that house you got half a
million for and she seems happy, she gets fucked when she wants and lives the
single life of a film star and seeing some of her demo porn films with her and
the girls, she is".

Charles said, "It's all right for you, when Toni delivers you still get fucked
by any girl you want, me, I'm back to the rent boys".

Randolph smiled, "I know, I know, fucking a tart is all very good but I miss a
bit of innocents, I miss the power we had when they don't want to but have to,
it was fun while Toni was naive.

 So my friends relief is at hand. My surveillance cameras have not been idle,
does anybody know about the new young woman in over-seas, she is a beauty with a
great fit body, all soppy eyed and in love with her husband, a dim shit of a
pretty boy in stationary, he will try anything for a fast buck and wouldn't
notice a trap, fancy a new challenge"?

                                        PAGAN.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pagan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





