BDSM Library - Meditation On Obtaining Job Satisfaction




Meditation On Obtaining Job Satisfaction
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Cyrus Marks philosophizes on how a school disciplinarian obtains satisfaction in his job.
WARNING: The following discusses the corporal punishment of schoolgirls.
It is purely fantasy.  Strictly spanking fans may finding it a bit much.




Meditation On Obtaining Job Satisfaction - M/fff, cp, severe,edgy
Max Smart 



Allow me to introduce myself.  My name is Cyrus P. Marks, and I am
employed as school disciplinarian at a Catholic girls' boarding school,
Atonement Academy.  My job is not a glamorous one; it does not involve
itself with high finance, with high risk adventure, with scientific
quest, with famous persons.  Rather, it is a simple, mundane, repetitive
job, such as many of us have.  The daily grind, you might say, not much
new from day to day.  And yet I contend that one may find contentment,
satisfaction, even happiness in such a job if one maintains the right
attitude.  The meditation I am offering is specifically about MY job,
but really its techniques can apply to just about any job in the
workaday world.

What could be more boring?  This is the impression many have of my job
and I often hear this sentiment expressed, often in a sympathetic way.
What, indeed, could be more boring than such a repetitive, endless task
as mine?  Whap!  Whap! Whap! From sun up to sun down.  One young
culprit's bottom pretty much the same as the last.  Once you've learned
the technique, the tools, the proper positioning of the subject, there's
really nothing to it, nothing to keep the mind active, nothing to offset
the gradual tiring of the arm as the day wears on, the ultimately
frustrating realization that no matter how many bums you whack, there
will still be an endless supply of miscreants.  True, some girls may
reform, but many never seem to and you see those week after week.

And yet, the truth of the matter is that I am almost never bored, that I
truly look forward to each days set of tasks, and that I go to bed happy
and fulfilled at each day's end!  How?  That is what I am about to share
with you.

My method of maintaining satisfaction in my work can be summarized in
two words: Attention and Commitment.

Attention:  That is, PAY ATTENTION.  It is when one truly pays attention
that one becomes aware of the wonderful richness of the seemingly
mundane.

For example, one might think that one teenage girl's bottom is pretty
much the same as another.  And this is true if one believes it - two
curved fleshy hemisphere's separated by a crack and there you have it.
And yet for one who pays attention, there is infinite variety.  The skin
color, the curves, the size, the spacing of the divide, the presence of
lack of dimples, the hair on the cheeks - from a light downy fuzz, to a
serious dark growth, the firmness or lack thereof, the smoothness of the
skin.  And all of this really only from concentrating on JUST the
buttocks.

Of course a girl coming under discipline will often be displaying more
than just the two fleshy hemisphere's described above.  The delicate and
pale (or, large and muscular) thighs, for example.  Or, if she's been
made to remove her underwear completely, the feminine parts will come
into view; and here is another source of great and rich variety - in
this case the more variety the closer one looks!  To avoid shocking
those readers with more delicate sensitivities I won't go into great
detail other than to note that the varieties of hair (color and fineness
and growth), skin color, and general conformation and plumpness in this
part of a girl is provides a wealth of detail for the truly observant.

Girls who come under my sway learn quickly that they can't depend on a
simple raising of the skirt, lowering of the panties routine.  Often a
bashful youngster will find herself required to remove a good deal more.
Sometimes I will have her quite nude.  In these cases and for those in
between, there are so many aspects of a teenage girl's body to observe,
note, and compare.  Need I mention "innies" and "outies"?  Need I point
out the wonderful differences from one girl to the next in the question
of breasts - the size, shape, the nipples?  I think not!

Other interesting aspects of a young girl's body can come into view
depending on the position(s) that you require her to adopt for her
thrashing.  The buttocks themselves conform to many different shapes
according to how tightly they may be bent, and the natural spread of the
cheeks varies a great deal from girl to girl.  Of course when I require
a young strumpet to keep her feet well apart (supposedly for the purpose
of providing a more secure foundation!) the female parts as well as the
more rearward opening show themselves rather impudently.  A patient and
observant man can spend a great deal of time observing a girl from this
angle.  I swear I never grow tired of it!

Besides the visual sense, we, as you know, also have an audial sense.
Let us consider sound.  Primarily, of course, we have the lovely
vocalizations of our desperate young misses.  What a variety we have
here!  Piteous pleas, haughty refusals, horrified questions come under
those vocalizations that make use of the English language.  Non-English
vocalizations range from the guttural grunt, to the anguished moan, to
the high-pitched wail.  And each girl adds her own special touches to
these.

Other wonderful sounds are the swish of the cane through the air, the
snap of the strap against a bare backside, the creaking of restraints as
a girl struggles desperately to escape her just deserts.

Touch, taste, smell?  For the sake of those readers of delicate
sensibilities I won't go into detail on these, save to note that I make
a point of not neglecting them!

A person in my position who paid little attention to all this would
simply raise the skirt, lower the panties , apply the required strokes,
holler out "Next!", and live out a very bleak existence!

I believe, dear reader, that you see my point about attention.  And I
have really only covered a small portion of what may be paid attention
to.  For instance there are the lovely little faces, and the myriad of
expressions that flit over them.  And, perhaps most wonderful and
diverting, there are the personalities and how they respond to
embarrassment, anticipation, and pain.  Not only is the variety here
tremendous from girl to girl, but there are changes from experience to
experience with the same girl.  For example, a girl who has experienced
the caresses of the birch may be MORE fearful and humble on her second
punishment than on her first.  And a girl who has learned that I make a
point of making each successive session more distressing than the last
will often present a very interesting set of behaviors on her third
punishment.

To go on just a bit longer than necessary, there is also lovely result
of paying attention to personality, mental state,  and anatomy and how
they interact.  This leads, for example, to the lovely awareness of how
Matilda Loomis's breasts shake as she trembles and pants with fear, or
to the slight twitches of trepidation that can be discerned in the
muscles at the base of Jenny Hargroves bottom when she is bent over my
desk and waiting for the first bite of the cane, twitches which
alternately hide and then present her feminine parts.

Thus for attention.  It is an endless subject and the above is only an
introduction.  Now I turn to its sister discipline, Commitment.  By this
I mean commitment to doing your job as well as it can be done.  If you
are truly committed in this way, you will never become bored.  You will
always be looking for new ways to be more effective in your work and
refining the ways that you already have developed.  This holds equally
true for any job, mine being only one example.  However, mine is the one
I know and thus it will be the one I write about!

In my line of work, what does it mean to do the best job possible?
Ultimately it means reducing illicit behavior to as low a level as
possible.  Specifically, since this particular method is through
corporal punishment, it means enhancing and refining as much as possible
the deterrent qualities of what the girls experience when they come into
my power.  More specifically, these qualities can be categorized as
fear, embarrassment, humiliation, and pain.   But just a moment's
reflection will show that each of these categories can also be broken
down into dozens of components, producing an endless abundance of room
for creativity.

As with just about any job, I could be satisfied with going through the
motions.  "Up with the skirt!  Down with the panties!  Over the desk!
Whack!  Whack! Whack! Next!"  I could probably hold my job this way,
and, most likely, one or two girls might actually be reformed in the
process.  But I choose to NOT be satisfied in this way.  I must excel!
And it is this desire itself that leads to all of the benefits of job
satisfaction that I have.

"But Cyrus," I hear you say,  "my job is so restrictive that I can't do
anything to improve it."  Please believe me, my job was pretty
restrictive, too, when I first took it on.  Each offense had a
prescribed punishment, always the cane over the tightened skirt; and the
number of strokes was always set out.  There was very little I could do
to excel.  What I DID do is convince my customers - the principal and
the board of regents, and, ultimately, the parents, that RESULTS were
much more important than simple rule following.  I convinced them,
first, to give me just a little leeway - just the ability to add or
subtract in the number of strokes at my own discretion.  With this small
tool, I could add to a girl's sense of helplessness and dependency upon
me.  She had to be mighty polite toward me if she didn't want to incur
added strokes, and simply not knowing what she was going to get helped
to remove her courage.

Then I obtained permission to use heavier and lighter grades of canes.
This had a BIG effect on the girls, let me tell you.  A judicial cane is
much, much more painful than a standard schoolgirl cane.

Those who cared couldn't help but notice an improvement in behavior, and
thus it became even easier for me to gain more leeway.  Getting the
go-ahead to raise a skirt, and (gasp) to lower a pair of panties was a
major step and met with some heated resistance, particularly among some
parents.  But by this time I had some strong allies and some strong
arguments.  At any rate, once that step had been taken, all subsequent
steps have been easier and have met with little or no resistance.  It
seems that a parent who trusts you enough to let you bare his/her
daughter's bottom will tend to trust you to decide what to do with it
once it's bared.

One little trick that I am particularly proud of is my rather quick
aging.  You see, with a little gray hair coloring, a cane to walk with,
a little bit of a stoop, and quiver in the voice, people starting
believing that I was a man of fairly advanced age, when in fact I am
only 42.  Parents found it much easier to accept the idea of an elderly
man, presumably beyond any erotic interests, attending to their
daughters bare bottoms, or bare whatevers.  Of course I didn't fool the
principal or many of the board of regents, but they were quickly won
over to my side when I started inviting them to special disciplinary
sessions for especially naughty girls.  They seemed to appreciate this
little courtesy quite a bit!  In fact a number of the fathers have found
these sessions to have a "calming" effect on any concerns they might
have had as to the modesty of their own daughters.

It wasn't a quick process, but now I am king of my own castle.
Ironically I was at one point almost done in by  the very effectiveness
of my methods.  The girls became so terrified of my little sessions that
they all became  models of decorum, thus all but eliminating the need
for my job!  It took some fast footwork on my part but I convinced my
"customers" so see things my way:  Even though the young dears were
behaving admirably, there was always danger of backsliding, so there
must be continuous reminders of the results of slippage.  Thus the
following - every week teachers  report one or two girls from each
class, girls who for whatever reason the teacher believes could stand a
little improvement, whether it be in schoolwork, decorum, politeness,
neatness of dress.  Thus no matter how well-behaved everyone was, there
are always SOME who aren't doing quite as well as the others.  This
supplies me with a steady stream of subjects and continues to provide
excellent incentive for the girls to continue their self-improvement -
to excel!

Now it IS true that the sheer numbers of girls passing under my care
every week has been reduced quite a bit.  Do I see this as a problem?
No!  It simply gives me that opportunity of giving more attention to
each case.  Each girl is assured of getting at least the full measure of
punishment that she has coming, and she is also assured that I will take
a careful, systematic, unhurried approach to giving it to her.  In the
old regime a girl could only have my attention for about fifteen
minutes.  Now I can happily keep her busy for one or two hours.  This
allows for so much more attention to detail and creativity on my part,
and gives her much more time to reflect on her transgressions, however
small they may be.

The fact that the girls are behaving better doesn't change the way I
treat a girl when she is sent to me.  Maybe she wasn't caught in some
flagrant violation of school rules, but there is always room for
improvement.  Sometimes I think the teachers ( all male ) pick girls to
send to me based simply on the teacher's desire to have them punished.
Some teachers pick rather arbitrary criteria, for example, on a given
day any girl wearing green gets reported.  This presents no problem for
me because I believe that they all do better with regular punishment.

My favorite time of year is the fall, when we get a crop of Freshman
girls.  They are unfamiliar with the school rules and thus likely to run
afoul of them, and, best of all, they tend to be very innocent and
unfamiliar with corporal punishment.  Often I give these new girls
special sessions - designed to make a strong impression, and I often use
them to try out experimental methods.

For example, just yesterday I tried out a new enema mixture on a cute
little brunette freshman named Amelia Jones.  The poor thing was so shy
and embarrassed as I removed her clothes and then tied her over the
vaulting horse.  Her rearward opening flinched charmingly as I teased it
with the enema nozzle.  What was new about the enema mixture was that I
was experimenting with adding a little habanero juice.  It took some
persistence on my part, but Amelia eventually took four full quarts and
then had to hold it for about an hour.  As far as holding it goes, her
willpower wasn't involved; I simply inserted a butt plug and left her
tied over the horse.  I took great pleasure in ignoring her abject
pleading and crying and passed the time whalloping her small, pale
bottom with the heavy tawse.  I noted with pleasure the special little
squeal she would produce whenever the strap collided with the butt plug.

I try to keep in contact with disciplinarians at other schools and trade
ideas.  For example, from the director of the Institut de Madeliene I've
gotten the idea of inserting horse radish in a very sensitive location.
I've also had great success with the triangular wooden horse, of which I
now have four and occasionally enjoy having four girls ensconced - one
per horse.   Their screams and cries produce a beautiful four part
harmony.

But I don't discard the tried and true.  The cane is still my primary
tool, although I am becoming more and more fond of the birch.  If you
remember, the cane came into popularity as a replacement for the birch
because it could be effective over clothing whereas the birch could not.
It was a move towards a misguided sense of decency.  Now that I've
eliminated the clothing problem I find that both the cane and the birch
serve very well indeed.

One of my cardinal rules of commitment is that a girl will always cry
and will usually scream and wail before I am through with her.  Some
girls resist this - the "brave" ones.  Usually these brave ones are also
new ones, because the experienced girls learn that there is no use in
attempting to deny me the evidence of their suffering.  With a "brave"
girl, I love to accept the challenge and to take my time in defeating
her.  Believe me, her defeat is assured.

If I suspect or see that a girl is going to attempt to avoid crying out,
I will often toy with her.  I will make the initial strokes lighter than
I might normally make them.  This gives the poor creature hope.  Only
the other day I had a young, plump freshman over the horse - Greta
Wilson was her name, I believe.  I knew that it was her first taste of
corporal punishment, even though she attempted to convince me otherwise
with an appearance of disdain and unconcern.

I could see through her front.  It was especially obvious when she first
realized that she was going to have to remove all of her clothing.  She
wanted me to believe she was worldly, but clearly she had never been
naked in front of a man.  She instinctively tried to cover her large
breasts and her full red bush and shivered with the fear that she so
wanted to hide.

I had Greta mount the horse lengthwise - a favorite position of mine,
especially for new girls.  The top bar of the horse has a rather rough
surface that can cause irritation to any body part that repeatedly rubs
against it.  The youngster trembled as I tied her wrists and ankles to
the horse and I detected the slightest whimper.  She jerked in surprise
and called be a "dirty old man" when I reassuringly patted her left
breast, which was hanging so conveniently down the side of the horse.

Greta didn't require a vertical stroke to start her to yelling.  No,
after giving her four or five medium strokes with the standard girl's
cane, during which she jerked and writhed in pain but managed to remain
silent, and perhaps began to think that she just might be able to tough
it out, I gave her one very hard stroke.  It surprised her.  She
grunted, softly but clearly.  This is a moment I treasure - the first
little sound from a brave girl.  A clear, thin, red line appeared across
both lovely cheeks.

I then switched to a heavier grade cane and, without warning, gave her a
full blooded stroke across the top of her lovely, well-bent, well-spread
bottom.

She yelled out.  Then she choked and started sobbing.  I cut this off
with another heavy stroke just below the first one.

"OHHHHH!   Stop!!  It's too much!  I can't st..!"

I'm afraid she didn't finish that last sentence as I interrupted it with
another nasty stroke rather lower down on her now very red and well
wealed bottom.  Needless to say, she was a very noisy girl for the rest
of the session, which was a fairly long one, as I recall.  In fact
Greta, the "brave" girl, eventually came out with some of the most
abject pleading for mercy and some of the most animalistic howls I had
heard in a while.  I believe she was confined to her bed for a day or
two afterwards.

The above example illustrates very well, I think, how the two guiding
principles - Attention and Commitment - interact.  I pay attention to
the subtleties of  the vocalizations of my girls which helps me as I
strive to add the refinements needed to create the greatest effect.

Now lets look at job satisfaction from a slightly different angle.
We've been looking at the positive things you can do to make your daily
experience better.  One must also freely admit that the best of jobs
have little irritations that, taken together, can depress the spirit.
For an example, lets consider what I like to call, "on the job
accidents".

Again, I want to be careful to avoid offending the highly delicate among
my readers, but I must deal with this issue head on.  I ask every girl,
before her session, if she needs to take care of anything before we
start.  I do this because, frankly, it's disruptive an upsetting for me
when a girl can't control her bladder, and apparently has such little
consideration for other's sensibilities that she treats my punishment
room as if it were a toilet.

In spite of my efforts there are always some accidents.  Often it's the
new girls, who don't quite realize the amount of pain they're in for, an
just how taxing it will be on their bladder control if they haven't
"gone" just beforehand.  They usually learn pretty quickly, and you'll
soon understand how.  On the other hand there are some occasionally
(rarely) girls who just can't seem to get this right.

Again, attitude is the answer.  I've learned to accept this kind of
thing as just one of the drawbacks of the business.  Of course I don't
take it lying down.  When a girl shows this kind of rudeness, she is
punished for it - in addition to whatever she was already getting.  For
this purpose I have a wicked little multi-tailed leather flogger and I
usually give the offender ten sharp strokes in the most appropriate
spot.  As I said, for most of the girls, especially the new ones, this
is sufficient to keep the offense to a one time thing.

For the repeat offenders I usually find that upping the number of
strokes to twenty does the trick.  In fact, at the moment I only have
one girl that seemingly can't be cured, a very pretty sophomore named
Christine Falks.  Christine is an exceedingly lovely blond girl with an
elegantly slim figure, and a pleasingly innocent demeanor,  who seems to
have an unfortunate proclivity for getting reported to me week after
week.  I suspect that the teacher who keeps reporting her is having his
revenge on her for being so beautiful, because she seems on the whole
quite well-behaved (as I imagine she ought to be after so many sessions
with the likes of me!)

As I noted before, it's not up to me to determine guilt or innocence,
and Christine's bare bottom gets my undivided attention for the
appropriate treatment.  I have a fondness for the girl, but this doesn't
really help her much, because my fondness is mostly based on the lovely
way her white bottom weals and bruises - making it always a pleasure to
deal with.  Always I remind Christine to empty her bladder, always she
skoots off to the little girl's room and is back in a couple of minutes.
I always have Christine strip completely naked, simply because she is so
pleasing to look at this way.  Then it's up on the horse, or stretched
on the ladder, or over my desk, or on her back on the table - whatever I
happen to pick for her.

She holds out for varying amounts of time, but without fail the poor
girl eventually manages to produce, from some unknown reserves, a
copious flood - usually at the height of her agony.  She is horribly
humiliated by her own lack of control, of course.  By now I've learned
to have a strategically placed bucket ready, and I continue Christine's
regular punishment to its appointed end.  Then she gets the twenty
strokes I mentioned before.  More than twenty I think might cause
injury, so I then have Christine spend about an hour on the triangular
horse.  Even with all this I have so far been unsuccessful in effecting
a cure, even though the poor girl is kept so sore that she has a
perpetual waddle to her walk.  I would appreciate any suggestions for
that anyone may have.

At any rate, the point of all this has been to show that no job is
perfect, that they all have little problems and irritations, and that
one simple needs to maintain a cheerful attitude and do one's best.

Well, that's it in a nutshell, the story of how one man has found
satisfaction is his work.  I sincerely hope that some of what I have
shared here may be of help to those who are not getting satisfaction
from their jobs, whatever they may be.

Cyrus P. Marks




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Max Smart


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





