BDSM Library - Fiend




Fiend
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A slave does what is needed to please her Owner, learning to appreciate the worlds oldest profession.
Fiend

She was laying out her work clothes for the next day when she looked at the
clock and sighed. It was pretty late, even if she went to bed now, she wouldn't
get more than a few hours of sleep before she had to be up for work in the
morning.

She let her mind drift off to the earlier hours while she finished setting up
for work.

She had two 'customers' tonight, and was scheduled to spend two hours with each.
They pay was very good, but she was nervous. She'd learned that the people who
would spend this kind of money usually did things to her that she only liked her
Master doing. But she was ordered to do so, to keep up her addiction, to pay for
her 'crack'. She would do anything to get just the smallest amounts of her
Master's cum, and this is what her Master dictated she do to receive what she
wanted. She had to do it.

She walked around her room, placing her business skirt on the back of her closet
door, smoothing out the wrinkles from hanging in the closet as her mind wanders
back once again...

She was walking up the steps to her first customer's house. The house was of
good size, the front yard fairly large with luscious green grass covering the
entirety of the lot aside from the driveway and the walkway from the sidewalk to
the front door. She reached the top step and stopped for a moment, taking a deep
breath to calm her nerves. Just as she was about to reach up to ring the
doorbell, the front door opened. She looked around cautiously, giving a quiet
yet sturdy "Hello?" 

From deep within the house she heard a man's voice call out, "Come on in,
whore." The title unnerved her for a moment, but she bit back the frustration
that came up and stepped inside, closing the door behind her. Just as she did
that, the man had come out from the back hall and greeted her, "Hello, whore. My
name is Mark, however you will call me Sir." She nodded and bowed her head,
replying with "Hello, Sir." He smiled, seeming pleased with her courtesy,
scanning over her body.

She was wearing a short leather skirt, black, that he could tell had been
bunched up around the hips, not quite short enough to see her cunt, but he knew
that if he told her to bend over, she would do so at the waist, and he would
have full access to her cunt and ass.

He ran his thumb and forefinger across the cleft of his chin as he walked slowly
around her, telling her to stand still. Her top wasn't really a top, he noted.
It was a scrap of sheer material, hemmed properly, draped over her shoulders,
covering the black bra she was wearing beneath. The bra itself barely contained
her ample tits, the areolas showing from the black silk material, barely hiding
the center of her nipples.

He reached out to pinch her nipples roughly with each hand, as she stayed
unmoving where she stood. He watched her as he teased her, noting the intake of
breath that pushed her nipples closer to his hands. He grinned to himself, and
she noted he had a rather wide and toothy grin. She forced herself to keep from
chuckling at the goofy expression on her face as he continued to inspect her,
releasing her nipples to circle again.

Out of nowhere he gripped her shoulder with what felt like an iron claw, running
the pad of his thumb over the tattoo on the back of her neck. He felt her tense
as he inspected, and took in a deep breath when he asked, "You're a slave,
whore?" She nodded with a soft "Yes Sir," in answer. She heard him grunt before
he released her and walked in front of her again.

"Undress." he stated simply. Without saying a word she bowed her head and
reached up to the pin holding the slip of cloth around her shoulders, clasping
it into a bit of the cloth so as not to lose it. She didn't flush when she
removed it, exposing her bare flesh, although she did falter slightly when she
reached for the clasp of her bra. She looked up to him in question. After noting
his nod, she removed her bra and set it on top of the sheer material she had set
on the floor. She then reached for the zipper of her skirt and slid it down,
letting the material fall down the length of her legs, and stepped out of it.
She heard Mark's breath catch as he stood up straight again, folding her skirt
simply and laying it down on the pile. The other tattoo! He saw the word 'slut'
marked on her skin, telling any who saw it exactly what she was.

"Your owner chose a good word for you, whore." he stated with a gruffly voice.
She bowed her head, not sure of what else to say, yet acknowledging his comment.
He instructed her to pick up her clothing, leaving her in stockings and her
three-inch heels, and to place the small pile on the short table in the corner
of the room.

Once she had done that, he wasted no time in getting started. While she was
depositing her clothes in the corner, Mark had come up behind her and spanked
her with a wooden paddle across the backs of her thighs. She yelped at the
surprise of the sting on her flesh, but didn't dare balk. She was here for this,
and for whatever else he wanted her to do. She didn't like it when other men
gave her pain. She only trusted her Master to give her such pain, but she knew
it was of her position to receive it here.

She absently ran her hand over the little bits of swollen flesh on her thighs,
giving a soft sigh at remember still what had happened earlier...

Mark had laughed at her reaction, pleased to note he had caught her off guard.
She turned at his command and he led her into a back room that looked like his
own office. This was where he confused her again. Instead of taking her to a
room to be fucked senseless, he told her to straighten up the office, while he
stood by. It occurred to her only moments after she started that he was right
beside her, dealing out lashes with the paddle across her thighs and ass,
smiling with approval as her normally white skin turned beet red.

Upon finishing the cleaning, she turned to after receiving his acceptance of her
job with a "Well done, whore." She bowed her head and whispered softly "Thank
you, Sir." as he led her down the hall, back out to the main room.

"You took the pain well, whore, but I've grown tired of such games." he said
with still a gruffly voice. She stood still, only wearing her heels and
stockings, looking at the ground as she heard a zipper being opened. He told her
that she was allowed to look at him while she was to give him a blowjob. She
didn't move immediately, waiting for him to move if he was going to, and after a
moment of him not moving, she took a step forward and knelt before him as he let
his pants fall to the ground. His cock sprang free and stood in front of her
face.

She reached up and took his cock in her hand, leading it to her mouth as she
would a straw and started sucking on it like she would any other drink. She
watched his cock disappear into her own mouth, sucking on his length as his head
tilted back, groaning at the warm wetness of her mouth.

He called her names as she sucked on his cock, sliding it in and out of her
mouth, saying things like, "What a good cock sucker you are, whore." and "What a
naughty little slut you are, whore." She didn't take offense to these words. She
knew she was a slut, a whore... She felt an odd emotion boil up inside of her
though. She had only heard her Master call her such names.

It wasn't long until he was groaning continuously as she pumped her mouth on his
stick. He wasn't well endowed, but it was enough to nearly gag her when she went
down on him fully. He grabbed handfuls of her hair and forced her head back and
forth on his cock, roughly fucking her face. She whimpered at the forcefulness
of his actions, but didn't try to pull away. She knew she couldn't have even if
she tried. She needed to do this. She had to do it to pay for her addiction. She
knew better than to balk at such an action.

She could feel his sac tighten against her chin as he held tight against his
skin, smothering her with her cock buried deeply in her mouth before throwing
her back, holding himself as he came. Long white strings of cum flew from his
cock, covering her face, neck and chest, oozing down her tits. He stood there
panting for a moment, she unmoving from her position, leaning back as she
kneeled, looking at him, yet not at his face.

He seemed to cackle as he looked down at her, "That was delicious, whore. But
now it's time for you to stroke my cock hard again." She bowed her head just
before he sat down on the sofa, pointing at the ground in front of him. She
crawled to the position and reached with her hands to stroke him hard again when
he stopped her, "Not like that, whore..." he started... "Your tits are covered
with my seed. I want you to rub me hard again with your tits." She blinked at
first, and then grasped her breasts as he held himself straight, surrounding his
cock with her tits.

He laid his head against the back of the couch, moaning with a rough tone as she
stroked him. He reached forward with his fingers and harshly pinched her
nipples, causing her to moan as well. He looked down at her, giving a wicked
grin when she winced after pinching her nipples with his nails. "Does this hurt,
whore?" he asked with mock innocence. She could only tell the truth and replied
with, "Yes Sir, it does hurt." and whimpered when he pinched the rosy flesh
harder.

He laughed at her as he continued, and she could feel his cock grow harder
between her tits. When he had had enough of the show, watching her face writhe
with the pinching, he commanded her to straddle his lap and fuck him with her
cunt. She hesitated only for a moment before climbing up to straddle his lap,
when he gripped her hips, digging his nails deep into her skin and forced her
down on his cock, spearing her like a hot knife slicing through butter.

She wasn't too wet, but she was wet enough to take that kind of treatment. Mark
had told her to holler and cry and moan as he fucked her, which she did. She
moaned as she thrusted herself on his cock. After a moment he released her hips
and pushed her back away from him, yet his cock was still imbedded deep within
her. He had full access to the front of her body this way as he fucked her hard
and fast. She had to reach behind her and place her hands on the coffee table to
keep from falling off, and to keep leverage to pump her cunt on his cock.

He started scratching her then, reaching out to grab and roughly pull on her
nipples, stretching them until she cried out in pain, only to release them and
run his nails over her nipples, down her torso and over her thighs. While she
fucked him, he spanked her ass, thighs and back, teasing the skin with his nails
afterwards, digging into her flesh. Just before he came inside her, he reached
between their bodies and pinched her clit with his nails. He knew it would keep
her from cumming, which was exactly what he wanted. He didn't want her to have
pleasure; she was there to please him, not the other way around. She faltered
for only a moment before screaming as she fucked him, screaming while he yelled
out his release, screaming as she felt his cock kick deep inside of her, his
other hand holding her tightly against him.

When he released her, she fell backwards to the floor, feeling his cum ooze out
of her, holding her hand over her clit, and trying to comfort it as it throbbed
in pain. She knew the ploy. It had been used on her before. She didn't like the
use of it, but in an odd way she did. She liked only receiving pleasure from her
Master.

After a few moments, she moved her hand from her cunt and looked up to him. His
head was leaning against the back of the couch, and he was stroking himself hard
again. Already he was almost at full mast. He cleared his throat and looked down
at her, grinning again before telling her to go into the kitchen and get him one
glass of water with ice. She nodded and did so, returning to serve him the
glass, bowing her head as she gave it to him. He told her to sit on the ground
and watch him stroke himself hard, and to tell him what else she was prepared
for him to do to her.

As she drank, she told him she was allowed to do anything that would not harm
her. She had prepared her ass by stretching and lubricating, in case that was
what he wanted, and that she was prepared to suck and fuck him as well, which
she had already shown.

She saw him shuddering at the mention of his possibly fucking her ass. The mere
idea seemed to repulse him, which she found odd. Usually her customers were near
jumping for joy when she mentioned this. By the time she was done explaining, he
was rock hard again, and ready to use her once more. He handed her the glass and
told her to go wash it out and place it in the cupboard. She bowed her head with
a quiet "Yes Sir." and took the glass, heading into the kitchen. The skin of her
bottom and thighs throbbed as she stood up and walked, but she didn't hint to
any discomfort as she made her way to the sink.

He was behind her, of course, keeping out of her sight so as to surprise her
once she had turned on the faucet. She nearly dropped the glass when he suddenly
came up behind her and forced his cock into her cunt. Letting a choked cry
loose, she had to grip the edge of the counter to steady herself as he rocked
back and forth into her. With the steadiest of voices, he commanded her to
continue doing as she was told, which took a lot of concentration.

She carefully washed the glass, trying not to grip it so hard that it wouldn't
shatter in her hands as he fucked her. She had to move to reach the towel, at
which point he told her to side step once to reach it. He moved with her,
fucking her the entire time as she dried the glass and replaced it in the
cupboard.

He pulled out of her then, keeping his breathing steady, although deep, and she
whimpered in relief as she attempted to catch her breath. He had put quite a
fright in her at his sudden intrusion, and her hand shook as she brought her
hand up to run her fingers through her hair.

He told her to stand in the middle of the open floor and bend over at the waist.
He saw her ass hole had been stretched, just as she said. She could again see
him shudder at the sight of it, but he also reached out to touch her ass. He
spanked her while he continued to stroke himself, keeping himself hard. After a
moment, he couldn't keep his curiosity down anymore. He told her to grip her
ankles so she would stay in that position, and when she did, he simply stepped
up to her and slid his cock into her ass in one quick stroke.

The sound that followed was an odd one. It was a cross between revulsion and
ecstasy. Another sound followed, and she wasn't surprised a bit when she figured
out it was her own groan. This one was of pure pain and pleasure. His length
pressed against her ass walls tightly and deeply. The groan that issued was a
deep guttural one. She couldn't help it. She liked being fucked in the ass, and
she somehow knew that her ass had been the first he had ever used, and that
added a bit of excitement to the whole experience. He stayed like that for a
couple of moments, becoming adjusted to the tight sensation. She was surprised
when he gasped while pulling back, groaning again loudly as he slid fully into
her again, "Damn whore... This feels like fucking a virgin, your ass is so
tight!" he all but hollered as he began thrusting himself into her ass. It was
slow at first, like he was savoring the sensation.

She could tell her excitement was getting to him as he fucked her. Each time he
pulled back, she took in a deep breath, feeling dizzy from being bent over like
this for so long, but she groaned aloud with each forward stroke he made. She
could barely make an acknowledgement to his comment. Again, it didn't take long
for him to really start fucking her, moving quickly, still penetrating her
deeply with each stroke. She had to release her ankles and place the palms of
her hands on the floor to keep from falling forward with his deep and hard
thrusts.

"I can see why so many people love to fuck whore's ass, especially if they're
all like yours!" He emphasized the last word with a powerful stroke, making her
cry at the pain it caused, which died down to a moan as he pulled back and
stroked again. It didn't take long for him to cum this way. When she felt his
cock kick inside her again, felt his seed spew into her ass, she couldn't help
but cry louder.

She knew that her ass had been the first, and after his cock finished throbbing
in her ass, and he had pulled out of her, telling her to stand up straight and
face him, he confirmed it. "That was the first time I have ever taken someone's
ass, but it surely won't be the last." He had to sit down for a moment to catch
his breath, during which she told him to retrieve a washcloth and clean his
cock. She could feel his cum oozing out of her ass as she completed the task.

When she was finished, he told her that he could use his bathroom to clean
herself up and get dressed again, and to meet him in the living room to receive
her payment.

She sat down in front of the mirror in her room as she inspected her face,
noting how tired she looked. She carefully cleaned the makeup off of her face,
remembering how she did it again earlier that day. She had one more customer to
visit before she was allowed to return home to Master and his wife, and she only
had 45 minutes to prepare herself and get there.

She didn't waste her time cleaning up. She took a quick shower, cleaning herself
of any traces of cum. She was happy to note that the scratch marks on her body
had died down some, and the water helped to make what was left disappear for the
time being. She felt sore, but not so much that she could complain about it. She
wouldn't complain about it anyways. She had no reason to. This was her job. She
had to do this to gain pleasure from her Master, to get her 'fix.'

She quickly cleaned her face and reapplied her makeup, fixed her hair, and put
her clothes on once more. After inspecting herself in the mirror, making sure
she was presentable again, she walked out into the living room to meet Mark and
receive her payment.

He was sitting in a chair out on the patio, which confused her slightly. She
looked on the coffee table and saw a note with the name 'whore' written on it,
and an envelope beside it. She opened the note and read it quietly. It said that
she was not to say anything more to him, just to take the payment and leave. She
looked at the patio again and saw he was gone. With a silent shrug, she grabbed
her purse, slipped the money inside along with the note, and walked out the door
to her car.

The drive to her next customer was a short one, and upon arriving she noted that
the motel he stayed in was clean enough, although it looked like there weren't
many people there. She made her way to the room and knocked on the door. A man
opened the door and ushered her inside, asking her if she had any problems
finding the place. She had a feeling he hadn't done this before, but she smiled
and answered that she had no troubles at all. When he had closed the door and
stepped in with her, he saw the odd look on her face.

She was looking at the other man in the room with them. "This is my friend. I
told him that I had hired you, and I thought I would bring him along." She found
a slight problem with this as she had only been told there would be one person.
"Uhhh... That's fine, but I charge $500 an hour, Sir." He nodded and asked where
the problem came in. "The problem, Sir, is that it's $500 per person." He
laughed and again asked what the problem was, and she took that as he had
figured as much, and was ready to pay.

He too wasted no time in telling her to undress. He didn't care about her
clothing, just that she was there to be used. His friend had stood up at this
point and walked over. She noted that he was already naked, and that the first
man was taking off his clothes. She and the men were unclothed and into action
in no time. They didn't bother with pleasantries such as names; they just
started fucking her.

The first man forced her down on the bed, on her back, and instantly started
fucking her. His cock was short, but it was thick as well. She watched the other
man straddle her chest, pinning her arms between his thighs, and as she moaned
he forced his cock into her mouth.

They both fucked her for ten minutes before she heard the moan of the first man
while he came in her cunt. The second man's cock was still thrusting in her
mouth, and she could do nothing but take it all in the position she was in. When
he came, he nearly cried with pleasure, his cock spitting cum deep into her
throat, which she nearly gagged over. She loved drinking cum, but it wasn't from
her Master. She swallowed it though, as the good little whore she was. The men
both thanked her for her good job as they sat back, catching their breaths.

The first man looked at the clock on the bed-side table and noted that they
still had a half hour to use her, and she stayed on the bed as they conversed
about what they should do with the rest of their time, they each stroked
themselves hard again.

She found this part the hardest. They talked about her as if she wasn't even
there. These kinds of men used her exactly as she was; a whore, someone who
could be thrown away at a moments notice. She didn't care for that thought, and
she had a feeling they knew that. They laughed as they each looked back at her.
They knew exactly what to do with her...

The told her stand beside the bed. The second man laid down on the bed, his hard
skinny but long cock standing at attention. The first man told her to straddle
his cock and fuck him, which she did without question. She knew what was coming,
and she was ready for it. Just after the second man's cock had pierced into her
cunt, the first man came up behind her and pressed her down on the other man's
chest, forcing her to expose her ass to him. When she did, the first man stroked
his small thick cock into her quickly. She couldn't hide the loud moan that came
from her, and the other two men howled with laughter.

"You like this don't you, bitch." She nodded as she felt the first man fuck her
ass hard and fast, while the second just laid back for the ride. She couldn't
speak; she rarely could when she was being doubly penetrated. "You're suck a
fucking whore," they'd both say almost in unison. "Fuck my cock while I fuck
your ass." the first would say, the second following with, "Ride my cock while
you fuck his, whore." They commanded each in turn, and she did her job well.

She fucked them both until they exploded. She cried at the pleasure of being
fucked in both holes at the same time. When cock in her ass slid out limply, she
was ordered to go get a washcloth and clean each of their cocks with it, and
after returning the cloth to the bathroom, she was to wash herself and dress
again, then come out for her payment.

She noted that the last hour seemed to fly by, and it was probably because of
both men using her at the same time. When she had washed and reapplied her
makeup and gotten dressed again, she met the two men (who were now fully dressed
in their business suits) back in the main room. They both had a smug look on
their faces, and she had for the first time noticed that they each wore a ring
on their fingers, indicating that they were married. She felt bad for being a
whore right then, being the object of temptation to distract them from their
wives, but she kept her expression blank so as not to show her feelings.

"You're a good little slut, whore," they said to her as they handed her the full
payment. "It's a shame we can't use you more today, but we were only ready for
one hour of using you." The first said with a spank to her ass. She gasped at
the spank, but thanked them each for their business and walked out as the second
man held the door open for her. As she was walking out to the car, she noted
that the parking lot was now full of cars, and she wondered if anyone had walked
by and looked in, seeing her being fucked by both men at once. She shrugged it
off, not really caring if she were. Right now, all that was on her mind was her
need to cum, and her need to get her fix. She slipped the money in her purse
once she was inside the car and drove home.

Upon getting there, she saw that her Master was there, and she prepared herself
to meet him. There wasn't much to do, just to have a smile on her face as she
walked inside.

She saw him sitting in the living room, watching TV, not even noticing her, or
at least not giving any indication to her entrance. She walked inside and
curtsied to him before kneeling to his left. She offered him the money she had
earned this evening that she had retrieved from her purse after she had walked
in. He looked at her then and asked her if it was the full payment. She said
that it was, and set it down on the end table when ordered to.

She then told Master about everything that happened this afternoon, the first
customer that knew what she was, other than a whore, and treated her as such,
and the second set of customers that had gone from one to two men, and what had
happened with them.

He smiled down to her as she told him the story while he stroked himself until
he was ready to cum. He put one finger beneath her chin and drew her in close
and told her to take her 'crack' from him. She bowed her head and took his cock
into her mouth just as he came. She felt the warm salty liquid fill her mouth,
and she greedily drank of him as she heard his groans of pleasure. She licked
him clean and kneeled again, thanking him for feeding her addiction, and for
allowing her to please him. She still hadn't cum, but at this point, she didn't
care. She had tasted her Master's cum, she had worked to get her fix, and it had
paid off.

"You did well today, whore," he said with a pleased tone. She beamed at the
praise and stood to curtsy to him, then kneeled at his side once more, listening
with a happy smile on her face as he told her about his day...




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  scarlett


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





