BDSM Library - Mistresses New Pet




Mistresses New Pet
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A girl is bought from a brothel, smuggled to the Uk and trained as a pet.
Mistresses New Pet

Life is cheap in Bosnia after the war, my family were wiped out, my Uncle,
needing money to feed his family, sold me to a brothel.  When this English
couple turned up, I was happy to be sold to them, it sounded exciting to go and
live with them in England. I was smuggled in past customs, by being put in a
very large suitcase,  they gagged, blindfolded and tied me tightly so I would
not be noticed although it was very claustrophobic. I was kept like this until
eventually the car stopped.

I was so thankful to be untied from the strict bondage and blindfold it was
quite a while before my eyes adjusted to seeing again and it was painful at
first to straighten my limbs. I was in a large garage, in one corner was a cage,
around three feet high and three feet long, next to it was a large cat litter
tray and two bowls. I thought at the time they had a dog, but the illusion was
soon dispelled.

I was stripped naked and told that I was to be the Mistresses new pet, that the
cage was to be my new home, until I had been trained. I was taken to the bowls,
one had food and one had water, to eat. I looked up at the Mistress waiting for
her to unlock my hands that were tied behind my back, but she grew impatient and
pushed my face into the bowl.

"Eat, you bitch!" she instructed, and so I did. I was very hungry, I could not
remember the last time I had been fed, so I lapped up the "stew" with my tongue.
I soon discovered that eating this way meant getting my face right down into the
food, coating my nose, and my cheeks. It wasn't too bad tasting considering I
found out later it was dog food. I drunk two bowls of water, by putting my nose
over the edge of the bowl, to stop the water running into my nose.

I spent what must have been several days in the garage, blindfolded, gagged and
tied in the small cage, there were no windows so I did not know whether it was
day or night. The Mistress would come in now and then, and feed and water me. I
was allowed to use the litter tray after each meal. Which I cleaned up after
each use, then subsequently I was bound, gagged, blindfolded and returned to the
cage. After a while a new invention was added, earphones - music was played
constantly overlaid with Mistress's voice telling me that I was her bitch dog.
Teaching me the positions:

Sit
Crouched on my feet, feet together knees spread wide apart, hands together in
front, (similar to a sitting dog position) Begging was similar, but I would be
made to put my hands together and make a dog whine noise.
Lay
Laying on my back, arms and legs in the air. Sometimes Mistress would come into
the garage and teach me positions whipping me with a small cane.

After many hours,  days or even weeks, I began to believe I was a dog. I had no
stimulus only the voice played over and over, 24 hours a day, even when I was
asleep.

"You are a bitch dog, you will obey without question. You will not speak without
permission, you will not go to the toilet without permission. You will respect
your Mistress and Master at all times. You will obey. You will do anything asked
of you or you will be punished".

One day the routine changed, Mistress seemed quite excited, I was not put back
into my cage, but led out through a little door into the house. I did not want
to stay in the garage any more, so I determined to be a good bitch dog for the
Mistress.

The house was beautiful, I was led by a collar and lead, crawling through the
kitchen, hallway up the stairs into the main bedroom, then through into an en
suite bathroom. It was beautiful. I was ordered to sit.

"You stink! It is time we gave you a thorough cleaning" I was led by my lead to
the sunken bath, and ordered onto my hands and knees. The lead was attached to a
hook on the wall, and I could not move because it was pulled tight, forcing my
head high. The shower spay of cold water hit my skin, making me suck in air with
the shock, my neck jerked painfully to remind me that I could not move. I felt
goose bumps all over my body, and began to shake uncontrollably. Mistress must
have felt sorry for me for she then increased the temperature of the water,
which meant I warmed up very quickly. After a brief soak she switched off the
shower, and I waited dripping while she appeared to change the shower head. She
turned me round to face away from the shower, and put a very wide belt around my
waist, I was soon cuffed and secured in such a way that breathing was the only
movement I could manage.

I felt some gentle massaging of my pussy, and it felt really good, then the
massaging moved towards my ass, and I could only inwardly squirm. Slowly she
inserted her finger, then two then more. It was painful, but I could not
complain, as I was gagged effectively. Suddenly she withdrew her fingers, and I
felt something cold enter my ass, it didn't hurt at first, but as she continued
to push, my ass hole was stretched and I felt my body protest at the intrusion,
suddenly, the object reduced in size, and was stuck firmly in my ass. The water
was switched on, and I felt the water enter my body. It was a strange gentle
sensation at first, but as the water continued, my stomach began to protest, I
began to feel an urgency to expel the water, but could not dislodge the object.
After several uncomfortable moments, I began to feel as if I would explode, the
water was turned off. I could feel a sweat over my body, and I felt a little
sick. My stomach however, was in turmoil, and cramping, I began to feel
desperation for release. What made the situation worse was the fact that she
began to massage my swollen tummy, moving the water around inside me. She left
me suddenly, in my extreme discomfort, unable to move, I could not think of
anything but the need to expel the liquid. I thought I would go mad. To not be
in control of even one's bowels was the most humiliating experience I had ever
had and I felt a strange excitement stir.

When Mistress returned, she adjusted the metal object in my ass, I was unlocked
from my position, and ordered to crouch over the toilet. (I could not sit on the
toilet, for I was a dog, not allowed to use a toilet like a human) my legs were
spread quite wide, and being so close to release the pressure was unbearable.
She then lent over and turned some sort of tap, and I felt the rush of water
leave my body through a long tube, directly under the water of the toilet.

I felt totally drained of energy when it was over, but she led me back to the
bath, where I endured another two enemas until she was finally happy her "bitch"
was clean inside. She filled the bath with warm soapy water, and it was
wonderful. (I can only vaguely remember baths, the war cut off our water supply
very quickly, and I hadn't had a bath for years). I felt very weak, the enemas,
had exhausted me. After I had thoroughly washed, both inside and out, and shaved
completely, I was led by my collar and lead through to another room.

This was totally different from anything I had ever seen before. The walls were
lined with every type of whip you could imagine, there was a large padded horse
in the middle, and a cross in the corner. There was a bookshelf full of various
dildoes, but plugs, and other instruments that I had never seen before. I was
laid across a wooden bench, and my tits were pulled through a gap and I felt
them being clamped together with some sort of winding mechanism. I was secured
by ankles, wrists, collar and waist, so that once again I was in no position to
move. The gag and blindfold were added, I entered my own small world of
darkness.

I felt fingers playing with my nipples, and then suddenly something closed round
the nipple giving me a sharp pain. I could only make a small sound, but still
could not avoid the fingers as they moved onto my other nipple. The pain began
to subside slightly only to return later as a dull ache increasing in strength
but by then, other parts of my body were crying out for my brain's attention.

The whipping started slowly, as the blows worked around the whole area of my
ass, I could feel warmth entering my buttocks, the rhythm of the strokes began
to lull my senses. I could still hear Mistress's voice, instructing me while the
blows fell.

"I want you to know that you are our property now, we paid good money for you.
There is no-one in your country to miss you, and you have no status in this
country, we can do exactly what we want with you, understand" I felt my heart
grow cold, because her words were indeed true. The only person left of my
family, my uncle would not miss me, he had probably spent the money he got for
me many months ago. As for this country, no-one saw me enter, I did not exist.
"You are my bitch dog, you are not human, just an animal. I can do what ever I
want with you, I can even kill you if I like, no-one would know, but for the
time being, if you are a good doggie, we will keep you alive." Her words sent a
chill through me, it did not seem to be an empty threat. How many bodies had
been left to rot in my country, with no-one to bury them? I did not think it
would be the same in England but I did not want to risk it. I vowed to be a
'good doggie'.

"As you are a bitch dog, you will not speak unless you are told to" I could not
talk anyway, because I was always gagged, "my husband is a Surgeon, and should
you require it, he has the abilities to cut your vocal chords, so I would make
sure you remember not to speak. That is unless you want us to silence you
forever" and with that she laughed.
"If you run away, the Police will arrest you.  Ashram, (the brothel owner in
Bosnia) has contacts in the Police, and they will ensure that you are silently
disposed of, so there is no escape. Remember Ashram has contacts in all parts of
the country and he will track you down, he assured me of that."

I realised at that point that I was broken, entirely at the mercy of the
Mistress and Master. I could not run away, I had nowhere to go, the only choice
I had was to live the life of a bitch dog. The house seemed comfortable, much
better than the brothel, where I was forced to 'entertain' 40 - 50 men a night,
and would not be guaranteed any food at the end of it. The dog food was an
acquired taste and I had had time to acquire it. Here in the house it was warm
at least, the garage had been cold, but not as cold as the brothel cell I was
thrown in when I wasn't 'entertaining'.

Suddenly the whipping stopped, I could feel the cool air against the heat of my
bare skin, but the ache in my nipples was really hurting by now. Suddenly I
heard the swooping noise of a cane, and felt a line of fire cross my ass. I
jerked in my bondage, and let out a strangled cry. The strokes continued, until
at last I was weeping and shaking uncontrollably. The whipping stopped again,
and I felt something cold against the entrance to my pussy, with a sudden
thrust, it was inside me, larger than a mans cock, and ice cold.

"I like fucking my little bitch" Mistress exclaimed, as she slammed the strap on
into me again. The bench began to move with the strength of the thrusts, and I
began to fear she would damage me, when would she stop? after all, dildoes don't
come. She continued fucking me at what seemed to be an eternity, my weeping had
turned to the odd sob, my nipples were throbbing painfully as they shook with
each thrust. Unexpectedly they were released, and I cried out at the rush of
blood to my nipples, it hurt like nothing I had ever felt before. I screamed
into the gag, and the thrusting stopped. I realised Mistress had come.

She did not move for several minutes, but kept the dildo inside me leaning over
my back, I could feel her warm breath on my neck. I stayed as still as possible
so as not to draw attention to myself, less she would start beating me again.
Just when I thought she may have fallen asleep, she withdrew, and my pussy felt
bereft and empty.  She untied me from the bench,

"on all fours, you fucking bitch dog" I did as requested and watched her as she
sat on the armchair in the corner of the room.
There was a knock on the door and the Master appeared with a couple of drinks,
he put one beside the Mistress and then perched on the arm of the chair to drink
his own. I felt thirsty but dare not ask for anything myself, I just watched as
the two of them surveyed me on all fours before them.

Slap! I was slapped round the face, so suddenly it shook me. "Keep your eyes
lowered, you fucking bitch!" she shouted, slapping alternate cheeks with each
word. "never look your superior's in the eye, you are not even worthy to lick
their feet, do I make myself clear!" I dare not look up, so I just nodded in
agreement.
"Now lick me clean, you bitch!" she ordered, shaking the large dildo still
strapped to her crutch.

Keeping my eyes averted, I took the enormous cock into my mouth, tasting my
pussy at the same time. It made my mouth even more dry, I was in desperate need
of a drink. After several minutes of sucking the huge dick, she began to grow
more impatient.

"Sit!" she ordered, and I immediately assumed the position taught, she then
stood up, and moved forward until I was forced backward, my face level with the
long huge cock. "I am going to teach you how you suck cock, you fucking dog, I
can't believe that 6 months in a brothel and you don't seem to have learnt
anything!!!" She pressed the cock against my lips and I opened my mouth wide to
accept it. It was pushed right to the back of my throat, and I choked. This did
not stop her for a moment, because she took hold of my hair, and thrust my head
onto the cock. Even when choking she pulled on my head, so that the cock did not
move from the back of my throat. Tears were streaming down my cheeks, as I
choked over and over. Eventually she stopped, and looked me directly in the eye,
"now I am going to slowly force this down your throat, and you are going to
concentrate on relaxing and allowing it to go all the way down, I want my pussy
to touch your chin. If you try and stop me I will keep going until you have
learnt to relax." The cock was a good ten inches long, I was afraid that I would
never get it down my throat, but took a deep breath and tried to relax. When it
hit the back of my throat, I concentrated on relaxing, and fought the urge to
choke. Suddenly my chin was touching the leather skirt stretched over her pussy,
but it was not over, she held me in that position, and I felt my lungs fighting
for air.  My eyes began to roll, and I thought I would slip into
unconsciousness, when she pulled out I gasped for air. Only to repeat the
incident a further four or five times.

"What a good doggie you are!" she said as she pulled out the last time, "you
deserve a little treat for that don't you agree ?" she asked her husband. I
remained kneeling before her, not knowing what to expect next. Her tone was the
gentlest I had ever heard her use.
"how about a nice drink, I expect you are thirsty after all this attention you
have been given." I nearly looked up, but remembered just in time. I did not
know whether she wanted me to answer her, because I was not supposed to speak,
yet she was asking me a question.
"let's get you a nice drink then shall we" she continued, not needing any
confirmation from me I remained where I was, my thirst so strong now I was
longing for a cool glass of water so much I could almost taste it.

She picked up a large red dog bowl from one of the shelves and put it on the
floor in the middle of the room. Then she proceeded to remove her panties, and
crouch over the bowl. She let out a long stream of urine into the bowl then
turned to me.

"now one of the pleasures you get when you are my little dog bitch is to clean
me up so get over here and be my toilet paper you bitch" I moved towards her and
she lifted her skirt so that once again I was level with her pussy. I had never
licked another woman's pussy before, but did not hesitate for fear of reprisals.
I put my tongue in the warm slit, and licked. The taste was slightly sharp, but
not altogether unpleasant. I licked all along the opening, and then when she
grabbed my hair once again, I was forced to push my tongue inside and lick
harder.

Satisfied she pulled me away by my hair, and then pushed my face towards the
bowl of piss.
"Drink up your little treat, after all you have earned your little gift" I put
my face down into the bowl, and was engulfed in the smell of urine. Placing my
nose on the edge of the bowl I lapped up the salty liquid, dismissing all the
feelings of revulsion. I knew my place and there was no fight left in me.

When I had cleaned the bowl of every drop of liquid I found my thirst had
increased.
"I think you had better thank me"
"Thank you Mistress" I said, my voice croaky my throat still sore.
"Would you like a drink of water now, bitch?" she asked
"Yes please Mistress"
"Then you had better beg for some water then, hadn't you"
I put myself into the begging position
"Please can I have some water, Mistress" I said
Slap! Her hand hit my cheek
"You are a fucking dog, a dog doesn't talk! How many times do I have to explain
myself, you stupid fucking bitch!"
I began to beg and make the small noises  like a dog
"I can't hear you, bitch! Louder!" I started to make louder whining noises. I
was so thirsty by then I would have done anything. She watched me for what
seemed an eternity, until eventually she poured some water into the same bowl. I
did not stop making the begging noises, however, until she gave me permission to
drink. I don't think water had ever tasted so good.

To be continued....




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Scarlet Submission


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





