BDSM Library - First Term at an English Boarding School




First Term at an English Boarding School
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A new girl is given a short introduction to Boarding School Life. A strict lesbian introduction to an English Boarding School.
First Term at an English Girls' Boarding School



'Of course it is always difficult starting mid term' said Claire as she lounged
back on the small bed, her long legs dangling over the side, 'the new girl has
to learn all the rules very quickly, because you stick out like a sore thumb! At
least at the beginning of term we are all in the same boat so that we all got
into trouble together'. I finished hanging up my new school uniform in the
wardrobe, ensuring that all the garments faced the same way as Claire had
instructed, trying to ignore my feelings of nervousness.

'Well I am sure you and I can help her, Claire' Sally said, as she brushed her
long blonde hair while gazing into the small mirror, 'you know how awful it was
for us during the first week of term, my bottom was permanently red! - there
seemed to be a rule for just about everything and no-one told us until we had
broken the rules!' Sally turned away from the mirror and exchanged knowing
glances with Claire, then turned and smiled at me, 'you can't avoid being
punished here, but we will try and help you so that your bottom gets a rest now
and then!' they both giggled.



The dormitory door was suddenly opened and the atmosphere in the room dropped by
ten degrees, I sensed this was trouble already. Three girls entered the dorm
making it uncomfortably crowded, they all wore school gym kit and looked like
athletes. Claire and Sally immediately went to stand by their beds, and I did
not want to draw attention to myself so I stayed where I was.

'Well hello' drawled the tallest girl, 'I am Melissa, Head Girl here, I thought
I would drop in on you and see how the new girl was getting along'.  She took
three quick strides towards me and stood uncomfortably close, I resisted the
temptation to step back; I did not want her to know how intimidated I felt. She
was a good head taller than me, and I was forced to crane my neck to look her in
the eye. She had raven black hair and eyes do dark I could see my reflection,
her skin was the palest white so that her lips were a bright red contrast of
colour.

'Leave' she ordered over her shoulder and my two dorm mates scuttled out, so
much for keeping me out of trouble! She took a further step forward, and I could
feel her breath on my face, and I could smell a faint perfume - not flowery but
spicy and exotic. She placed her finger under my chin forcing my head up
further, compelling me to stare into those deep dark eyes. I felt like a rabbit
caught in the headlights of a car, incapable of moving, knowing that I faced
destruction yet powerless to save myself. Her face twisted, and she cupped my
chin more forcefully and pushed me backwards until I stumbled and fell to the
floor.

'Don't you know it is disrespectful to stare at your Superiors?' she shouted, I
began to tremble, fear turning me to jelly, yet my brain telling me this was
ridiculous, I hadn't done anything wrong.

 'STAY ON THE FLOOR!' she shouted, pushing on my head until I was on all fours.
I was aware that the other two girls had moved beside me and I knew
instinctively that I was to remain as I was even when she removed her hand from
my head. My compliance calmed her somewhat, and her tone changed accordingly.

'So, Amy, you are here to study for you're A'levles while Mummy and Daddy are
away in China. How nice for you.  It is my job to ensure that you are kept in
line and made aware of School rules and to help you settle into the boarding
house. I think we will be seeing a lot of each other over the next few weeks.
Let's start your first lesson now shall we?' Her tone was gentle, and she
caressed my hair as she spoke, but rather than calming me, her words struck fear
into my heart and my parents seemed very far away.



She caught my hair up in her fingers and roughly tugged back my head, while the
other two girls brought me roughly back on my haunches by my arms. I desperately
tried not to stare into the deep black eyes, but her grip on my hair tightened
until I had no choice.

'As Head Girl I am entitled to respect from all the girls in the Sixth Form and
especially girls in the Lower Sixth. Let me just explain what type of respect I
require, firstly you are now in the correct position for any conversation we may
have. You will not address me unless you have adopted this pose. Secondly, you
will wait to be invited to speak.  Thirdly you will kiss my shoes to show me
that you respect my authority. If you break any of the School rules, you will
answer to me. Do I make myself clear?'

I struggled to find my voice, my yes came out croaky, but she stepped back
satisfied. I was still being held by the two girls, but I kept my gaze lowered,
looking at the spot in the carpet just before the Head Girl's mud splashed
trainers. I moved slowly forward and planted a kiss on the wet muddy shoes, half
term was a six weeks away, and I needed to survive.



'Now let's see if you have the potential to be a real Atherton School Girl shall
we?' My confusion at her words did not last long, as she stepped towards me. I
felt my arms being gripped tighter, and I found myself staring at Melissa's
skirt, level with her crutch. My brain was reeling, surely this wasn't right, I
did not want to believe this was happening, but slowly the skirt was raised
until I was staring at the smooth whiteness of Melissa's pussy. I did not have
much time to register my shock that she was not wearing underwear. Her sent
enveloped me, a mixture of exotic perfume and arousal. My heart quickened, I was
totally inexperienced, and I had no idea what to do. Soon the pussy was pressed
to my lips, so I planted a kiss, delicately keeping my lips firmly closed. I was
surprised at how soft the skin felt against my mouth, the scent intensified and
it was intoxicating. Melissa must have stepped forward again because she forced
me backwards, were it not for the tight grip on my arms I would have fallen. The
strong arms were pressing my face further into her pussy. Instinctively, I
opened my mouth, and slowly ran my tongue along the fold of her pussy lips it
had a sweet dry taste and I buried my tongue in deeper. It was drenched the
smell of Melissa made me only want to give pleasure, to ignore my logic and just
enjoy the taste and smell of another girl.  I began to lick inside the folds,
and then found the small nub of her clitoris. The two girls released my arms and
I was able to fold back the outer lips in order to reach the little bud. I
puckered my lips into a circle and began to suck gently on her nub, tenderly
grazing its sensitive surface with my tongue. Melissa began to move smoothly in
time with my lapping, and I felt her stickiness on my chin and face. When she
stopped moving I continued my gentle lapping until felt the muscles of her firm
thighs tense as she grew more aroused. Slowly the tension increased until she
suddenly remained totally still, and the contractions of her orgasm rubbed my
chin and I remained still while her orgasm passed. Gently I released the
pressure on her clit, and she stepped back form me. I immediately felt the air
cool my sticky face, and my mouth felt dry. There was a silence in the room, and
I felt my confidence growing, a smug satisfaction that I had given her pleasure.

She lowered her skirt and sat back on Claire's bed.

'Well, I think you must have done that before!' she said, her chest rising and
falling. 'We will definitely be seeing a lot of each over the next few months'. 
She lent back on the bed and let out a bellowing laugh that had me squirming
once again. I felt confused and ashamed now of what I had done, I had only been
at the School for a couple of hours and already I had done something I would
have considered unthinkable.



Melissa recovered from her orgasm, patted me on the head, and walked out of the
Dorm, swiftly followed by her two prefects. I wiped Melissa's pussy juice from
my chin, and went to the shower room for a glass of water I found Sally waiting
for me.

"Oh, Hi, how was your interview with the Head Girl?" she asked, leaning against
the wall of the shower room.

"Thanks for the support" I muttered

"Look I'm sorry, but when the Head Girl tells you to do something you must do
it" Sally replied, and I saw genuine repentance in her expression "Come on it is
time for tea, then you have an interview with the Head Mistress. You had better
not be late, the regime here is so strict you don't get away with anything."

I was glad of Sally's help because all the girls who were late were lined up and
given ten strokes with the cane from Matron. This was in front of the whole
school. After an excellent English tea, with scones and jam, I found myself
outside the Head Mistress's study.



As I stood waiting in the corridor I heard gasping sounds coming from the other
side of the door. Someone was obviously in trouble. After a wait of around five
minutes, the door opened to allow a young girl with brown pigtails out of the
office, her face was very flushed and she was rubbing her bottom. We exchanged a
brief glance and I jumped to attention at the booming voice calling my name.



"Amy Collins, in here now!" I walked into the study, and was struck by the
beauty of the Head Mistress seated behind the desk. She had an air of elegance,
her red hair was cut into a neat bob and her skin was so white it was like
porcelain; her eyes were pure green and seemed to penetrate to my very soul.  It
was a beautiful room, book lined, with a small fireplace surrounded by two
leather armchairs. The desk was vast, made of beautifully polished walnut with a
large leather insert. On the desk there were two beautiful glass paperweights,
an ink bottle and a gold ink pen. The thick carpet beneath my feet was
beautifully patterned, and there was the masculine smell of leather in the room.



I must admit the expression on the Head Mistress's face was very stern, I
couldn't help feeling that I was in trouble yet again, although I could not
imagine what I had done wrong. Perhaps Melissa had been to the study and told
the Head Mistress, maybe I was about to be expelled?

"You appear to be a very bright girl, Amy, but your report says you are lazy and
do not pay attention in class. I want to make it absolutely clear to you that
this behaviour will not be tolerated in this school. Do you understand?"

I nodded my head. I felt uncomfortable standing in front of her like this, I
wanted a chair, to be made to feel welcome, but the school had different ideas.

"Other Schools have a very separate discipline policy to ours. Here we believe
prevention is better than cure, so we usually administer punishment first. Now
kindly lift your skirt and place yourself over the edge of the chair."

 I placed myself over one of the chairs, keeping my legs straight burying my
face into the soft leather seat. The smell of leather was nice, which distracted
me from my humiliating position.

"You are obviously not used to being spanked!" the Head Mistress shouted, "when
I say lift your skirt, I mean lift your skirt!" Quickly I pulled up my skirt to
expose my white cotton panties, keeping my hands on my skirt to ensure it stayed
where it was, this position forced my face further into the seat. I waited while
minutes ticked by, I began to feel the cool air around my legs; my muscles began
to strain at the position they were forced to adopt; yet something inside me
told me not to move.

I sensed the Head Mistress's presence beside me, like the stirring of a soft
breeze. I concentrated very hard on staying still, knowing that movement would
incite immediate punishment aware of her intense inspection.

Smack! At first my brain did not engage any pain at all; then suddenly it was as
if every nerve in my skin came alive all at once. The heat tore though me, and
the blow pushed me even further forward into the leather seat. The slap was
followed by another, and another. I held my breath, letting it out in gasps as I
tried to cope with the pain, the spanking seemed to continue for such a long
time that I began to admire the Head Mistress's stamina. As if by stealth, the
sensations began to change, the stinging blows began to cool a little, and I
began to feel a little light headed. Each blow seemed to bring some sort of
euphoria, so that when the spanking did stop, I felt a little bereft. I could
not move; the light headedness and flashing under my closed eyelids began to
recede. I felt the softness of her hands now, as she slowly stroked my bottom. I
felt like cats being petted, felt my body begin to gyrate and offer itself to
her soft hands. I noticed that my panties were soaked, and hoped the Head
Mistress would not notice. I was also aware of the need to masturbate the need
for sexual release.

"You enjoyed that, Didn't you Amy," her voice was like a purring cat too "What a
lucky girl you are, Amy, all this attention from the Head Mistress, all this
effort I put in for you" I arched my back and wiggled my bottom inviting her
soft hands to caress. "Oh you are a little slut, aren't you, you want more, I
can tell!" she said, and I realised it was true. "Well, I am going to have to
keep my eye on you, Amy, and make sure you behave yourself. Now what do you
say?"

"Thank you, Head Mistress." I answered; it was not an empty sentiment. I
realised I was going to enjoy myself at this new school.



(c) Scarlet Submission




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Scarlet Submission


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





