BDSM Library - The Trainer




The Trainer
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Petra Williams has got problems with her dog, but not for long. Soon everybody will be happy again. Everybody?
The Trainer

"Darling" Miss Petra Williams shouted out of the kitchen when her husband opened
the front door "we have to talk". "I'll be with you in one minute" he answered
in a gentle voice "just let me drop my things" "Billy" she started when he came
into the kitchen " it's about President, today he scared me". President was a
large German Shepard; just one year old; they bought two weeks ago from one of
Billy's friends. "Totally trained" he had said. They bought it just after moving
into their new house cause Petra complained she was afraid living there alone
with her step-daughter Yvonne when Bill was on business trips. "What happened?"
inquired Bill. "I was cleaning under our bed when he tried to mount me" she
explained "and worse when I fought back he started to growl, so I decided to
hide under the bed until he left. "I think" she finished "he is on heat." "I
can't believe it you fighting your own dog. I bought it to protect us. That will
not happen again, that has been the last time I hear you fight. I'm going to
phone a tamer I know. He will settle this problem." And without another word he
stood up to get his mobile phone and after a minute Petra heard him talking in
Spanish. "He is coming tomorrow and you will see he'll fix this problem. He's a
nice Mexican guy with a lot of experience training pets. Don't worry
furthermore" he finished and kissed her softly. -I have got the best husband in
the world- she thought. - I cannot understand how his first wife let him go and
didn't even claim her daughter; she has to be a stupid bitch-. Yes she is but
Petra didn't suspect how right she was. Then she embraced her husband and kissed
him properly.

When Antonio arrived next morning Yvonne had just left and they were still in
bed. Billy greeted him in Spanish " Hola, amigo, gracias por venir tan pronto."
" Petra is taking a shower she will join us immediately, please come in and have
a seat. Did you have breakfast?" he asked. "No, todavia no, but don't worry I
can't eat nothing so soon." The Mexican answered. "Than you are having breakfast
with us" Billy said and called to his wife "Darling Toni is having breakfast
with us" When Petra emerged she was only wearing a bathrobe. "I just popped in
to say hello" she said "let me dress and I prepare breakfast for us". "Que
bonita es" said Toni to Billy. "Yes, she's really pretty, and a true blonde; I
can tell you" he added laughing.

After breakfast they moved into the garden to have coffee and to see the papers
Antonio brought. "You know" Antonio said to Petra "training pets is not so easy.
We have our responsibilities, cause if one of our pets behaves against the law
we are as prosecutable as the owner is. That's why I've brought these legal
papers.

Both of you have to sign it. You see I didn't knew the name of your pet so I
left the word Pet handwritten, we can change it later." Without further ado and
without even reading it, Billy and Petra signed the documents. "Excellent" Toni
exclaimed, " now lets start to work" and with that he opened a small suitcase he
brought and took out a bamboo.

Well it looked like a bamboo but it was a originally Indian blowpipe. "Miss
Williams, please, would you bring in President right now". Petra didn't notice
he said the name he was supposed not to know and stood up to get the dog.
Suddenly something pricked her left ass cheek and after two more steps she
paralyzed. "Amazing isn't it" the Mexican said " what these Navajos were able to
do" "Can she hear us? "Billy asked. Toni answered that of course she can hear,
and see, and feel, and think but she just cannot move. Billy asked Toni to help
him and they carried Petra back to the garden table where they were sitting.
"Petra be a doll and listen" Billy joked. "The first Toni is going to do is to
write "ra" five times. You don't understand? Here look at the contract you have
signed, now Toni is adding the "ra" to the former handwritten Pet and you have
signed a binding contract for training Petra." "I told you yesterday it would be
the last time you fight back, that's why Toni is here: to fix the problem. Once
you are fully trained you will allow President to fuck you in midst of the
living room with your friends witnessing. You'll never fight back again..." She
looked totally embarrassed in disbelieve.

"Well" interrupted Antonio "lets start the training" And than he asked Billy to
strip the bitch cause he only trains naked bitches and she undersigned the
contract she accepted to be naked all the time the training takes. "To be exact
she has accepted everything I consider necessary to train her properly" he said
more for her to hear it than anything else.

Petra was absolutely astonished. He had called her bitch and they were, no they
weren't, going to strip her. Was does it mean everything I consider necessary?
Hey, Billy, she shouted inside her head, please help me. I can't move. And Billy
helped her... to get rid of her clothes. He let her stark naked standing at the
table with Toni looking at her. Please, she pleaded mutely. She was ashamed of
being nude in front of a stranger. And it got worse when Toni stretched out his
hand to touch her cunt. Than looking her into her eyes he slowly ran a finger
through her slit before telling Billy "Oh, the bitch is getting wet".She would
have fainted of shame "I have to leave" said Billy and walking away he added,
"have fun".

 "Bien, bien, bien" mused Antonio" and for this I'm getting paid" "Listen,
bitch, that's what I call you from now on. I'm going to put this collar on your
neck and than these smaller ones on your wrists and ankles. You'll feel it's
heavy cause inside it wears a hi-tech program.

Never try to quit it yourself cause it explodes and bye, bye head. The program
understands more or less 100 spoken words, mostly position, and by ultrasounds
to the wrist and ankle manacles it knows if you are in the right position or
not. I have only programmed 20 it is enough for training. Once finished I'm sure
Billy or some of his or your friends will add more". Petra's head was all
turmoil. What is he talking about? Nobody is going to know it, letting alone
commanding her around. She is going to police as soon as she regains mobility
and he will spend the rest of his life in prison for molesting her. "Bitch, I'm
giving you now the antidote just remember your first position is called: "Stand"
and you are to stand with your feet half a meter apart, your hands behind your
back, your head up with an open mouth and sticking out your tongue" Toni said
and injected a green colored substance into her arm. Slowly she felt she could
move again and started to ran away. "Bitch, stand" shouted Toni, but she ignored
it trying to reach the house. Exact two seconds after his command she felt a
sharp electrical pain through all her body. The pain was unbearable she felt on
the floor and pissed on herself crying, but the pain didn't stop. "Stand up
bitch" Toni said calmly but it was to much for her, she was agonizing on the
floor. "Bitch' free" Toni commanded and 2 seconds later the pain stopped.

"Listen, bitch, I don't like to repeat myself. When I say stand you adopt the
right position or you feel pain. The closer your position is to the commanded
one the less pain you feel" Toni was calmly talking as if talking to a child,
but what he said was barbaric to Petra's ears. Then again he said: "Bitch,
stand" This time Petra jumped to adopt the right position."Well, I see the bitch
is not as stupid as it seems" Toni said and walking arround he started touching
her. In no hurry he fingered her cunt, her tits, her ass, her tongue. Then he
kissed her tongue and slapped her face. Petra didn't move. She was dying of
shame and rage but she feared the pain and she let him touch and look all he
wanted. After a few minutes, an eternity to Petra, he told her the next
position: "Kneel" it was similar to "Stand" just kneeling with her ankles
crossed and her knees spread. Then followed "Pray" squatting down she had to put
her hands like a dog praying, her knees far apart and on her tip-toes always
with an open mouth and a sticking out tongue.  They practice till Petra was
sweating, than he let her kneeling and suddendly he said "Bitch, hurt 3" and the
pain came from nowhere. Few second later he stopped the pain and explained that
the hurting command is leveled from 1 to 5 being 5 the worst. Like this she will
learn to take any order, "Even dumb bitches learn" he said. Today we will go on
training these few words and one more: "Slow" slow means you can move but slow.
It is leveled like "hurt" being 1 the slowest motion. Now try to get up: "Bitch,
slow 1". She wanted to use her hands but immediately stopped, she tried again
and stopped again. The pain was horrible, she forgot she was naked in front of a
stranger and very slowly tried again to get up. Three minutes later she was
standing. They practice all the morning and it was noon when Antonio gave her a
new order. "Bitch, crawl over to me take out my cock and suck it" No this was to
much. She was not going to do it, not even Billy got her to do...aaaahhhhh It
was just "Hurt 3" but it was horrible."Bitch, free" "I see the bitch is stupid
he said and  i told you I don't like to repeat myself" Petra crawled as speed as
she could and started fumbling at his zipper. "Ask for it" he ordered. "Please.
Mister Antonio, may I suck your penis" she asked in a humiliated voice.

"My cock, not my penis your dump bitch, hurt 1" "and why do you want to suck my
dick, Bitch? He asked without stopping her hurt order "..aahh becaaahuse I'm
aaaah a bitch ..in heat aaah, please" she whimpered. "And are you going to ask
me to fuck you, Bitch? " he asked as if nothing happens."No, no, yes, yes, aaahh
please, please fuck me, fuck this filthy bitch when ever you want but,
pleeeaase, stop my pain."Bitch, free" he finally said. She sucked his cock like
crazy and than she mounted herself on it and started moving and when he told her
to kiss him she french kissed him with passion. Finally they came most to his
satisfaction and to her disgust. How could she cum, how low is he taking her.

When Billy came home she was stark naked on high heels preparing lunch in the
kitchen. He slapped her ass and kissed her cheek saying :"Hi, darling I'm home"
"Hi darling" was all she said. Billy got himself a beer and went into the living
room to join Toni who was watching TV.

"How is the training doing" he asked Toni. "Fine, I think in a few days she will
not be able to resist any order given by anyone"  Toni answered. "That will be
fun. You know I'm organizing a little party this saturday afternoon cause it's
Yvonne's 18 birthday. I'm going to invite also her family and friends."
"Darling" shouted Billy "Yvonne phoned me today and asked me if it is ok to
bring Tom her boyfriend for lunch, cause she wants him to meet her parents and
us to meet him"

Petra came out of the kitchen in blank horror and pleaded:"Please, Billy, not
like this, let me dress. I can't meet Yvonne's boyfriend nude as I'am" "No, no,
you have signed a contract and you are to stay to it" answered Billy "don't you
think so, Toni" he asked."Absolutely, and she has learned some tricks we can
show this Tom, I'm sure he will be delighted.

Without any other word they send her back into the kitchen. Half an hour later
she called them. She has nicely put the table with 5 dishes. "Why five" asked
Toni. "It's for Tom" she answered.

"Billy, Yvonne, Tom and me make 4 dishes" counted Toni "And I?" asked Petra
"You?" "Billy can I borrow one of President's bowls for this bitch" Toni asked
and added " Today she is eating in the kitchen with us"

When Yvonne ringed the front door they send Petra to open it. After five seconds
of "hurt 3" Billy ans Toni followed an absolutely humiliated naked Petra in high
heels to meet her step-daugher's boyfriend. Once she opened the door Toni
commanded:"Bitch, stand" and she obeyed. The training was taking efect.Yvonne
entered and looked at her motionless, naked and accessible stepmom, than she
looked back to Tom and said:"Here, that's my dad Mr William, over there is my
uncle Antonio, he married my mother's sister and this here is my step-mom.

Tom couldn't believe his eyes. Yvonne's stepmom a pretty blond woman, perhaps 30
was standing naked at the door with open legs and hands behind in order not to
hide nothing. Trying not to seem to afraid he offered his hand to Billy who
warmly shook hands with him, then he shook hands with Toni. Yvonne didn't waste
her time. She cupped Petra's cunt and fingered her slit telling her:" Stepmom
I'm so happy you made your mind up and called Antonio. Daddy told me yesterday
you were going to sign the contract, later I'll have a look at it with Tom. I
know President needs company and I can also get used to have my cunt licked by a
pretty bitch" and then she sticked two fingers into her stepmom's cunt and
kissed her on her open mouth playing with her tongue. "Tom, come and greet my
stepmom" she said happily.

It will continue...




The Trainer 2

"Tom shyly stretched out his left hand and fondled Petra's breast. She didn't
move, even his touch repulsed and eroticized her. Her immobility made Tom
bolder. Meanwhile Yvonne was softly massaging his pulsing cock through his pants
he started to run his hands over Petra's body. He mauled her tits, cupped and
fingered her cunt and squeezed her ass. Then he turned to Yvonne and giving her
a passionate kiss he told her how much he was in love. "I love you too" Yvonne
said and added laughing, pointing some wet spots on the floor between Petra's
wide spread legs "..and it seems even she is in love with you". Her remark made
them all laugh. -It is so unfair- thought a deeply ashamed Petra, -I would like
to see you publicly displayed and fondled with this damned collar on. Toni noted
immediately the look of defiance in Petra's eyes and reacted with a sharp
"Bitch, hurt 3".

 Again this unbearable pain, she contorted on the floor for what seemed an
eternity to her and did not even hear the "bitch, free" but suddenly realized
the pain was gone. She had again pissed on herself, much to her family delight
and was even deeper humiliated. "Bitch" Toni said, "I'll not tolerate no kind of
rebellion. Now ask Yvonne to forgive you for your naughty thoughts" Petra still
in her own piss looked at Yvonne and asked in her softest voice: Please, Yvonne,
do to me what ever you want, I'm not going to have bad thoughts again, please
forgive me" Yvonne couldn't smile prouder. She felt the erotic point of power
and realizing how horny she was she order Petra to lick her hand, as the bitch
she was, and asked Toni to permit her to retire into her room with Tom and
Petra. "No, Yvonne, go with Tom and have fun, but Bitch is still untrained,
today is her first day and she has not even eaten. Why don't you pour our dishes
into her bowl before you go?" The idea of seeing her step mom eating naked and
on her fours, direct out of a dog bowl was appealing to her, but right now she
needed to fuck. She poured all the rests into Petra's bowl and patting her head
she took Tom's hand and left the kitchen.

Humiliated Petra began to eat.

After two hours of passionate love making Tom asked Yvonne to explain him more
about her uncle Antonio. "Antonio married my aunt Mary, a real looker, more or
less eight years ago." she explained " I didn't see them often cause they lived
far away and I was a child. I remember when I was thirteen we visited them. It
was summer and they had an enormous swimming pool. Mary wore a one-piece
swimsuit and my mom, Lisa my real mom, a bikini. After parading in front of
their husbands they wanted to sunbath, but suddenly Toni told Maria, he never
calls her Mary, to strip totally bare cause we were in family with nothing to
hide and like this she would tan better. He even asked Dad if he minded. I
thought she would deny but red as a tomato she stripped in front of us. My dad
put a towel over his crotch to hide his erection and my mom looked disgusted.
How she could exhibit herself like this in front of them, mom wanted to know. My
aunt's pussy was shaved and she wore a little metal sheet pierced to one lip.
The rest of the day my aunt stayed naked for my and my father's enjoyment and my
mother's disgust. When driving home mom told dad they were not coming back never
again. That night was the first time I masturbated thinking about a woman. The
next time we met them was for my 14th birthday.

They came and brought me my birthday gift: a DVD player. My mother wore a very
tight spandex trouser and looked stunning, Daddy was on a business trip. I had
also invited some school friends and their parents to my party. After giving me
my gift Antonio went over to my mother and telling her how great she looks he
openly fondled her ass. She jumped away and asked him to leave without raising
her voice; she didn't want a scene with that entire people there. He and Mary
stayed. I put on some music to dance and he took my mother and started dancing
with her. He started again groping her in front of everybody and I know he told
her to let it happen or he would train her like he had trained her sister. My
mother endured some groping but when he forced his hand into the front side of
her pants, she slapped his face and shouted at him to leave or she would call
the police. He took Mary and left and I thought I would never see them again."
Tom was getting excited by the story and started to fondle Yvonne's pussy. She
too was wet again and opened her legs further to grant him free access.

"When Dad came back, Mom explained the whole scenario to him and he promised to
talk to Antonio.

 A few days later Antonio brought a thick golden choker for her as a gift and a
video camera with remote control for my Dad. "Just a sign" he said. Mom wanted
to reject the present but Dad told her to accept it as he accepted his one. Mom
put on the heavy choker; once it was on her neck she proud showed it to her
husband and wanted to take it off again. She tried and tried but for no good,
not even with a mirror she got it off. Daddy meanwhile had prepared the video
camera and started filming her. Daddy asked Mom to prepare dinner cause Antonio
was going to stay this night and leave tomorrow. She looked again at her choker
and reluctantly asked me to help her in the kitchen. We prepared pasta and soon
dinner was made eaten. Afterwards Daddy asked Mom to parade a little bit in
front of them in order to film her. She refused and started again fumbling at
her choker. It was then when Antonio took the remote control and pressed one of
its keys. Mom shrieked like a pig and started to run through the dining room
like a chicken with pepper in its ass madly fumbling at the choker. Finally she
came to a halt. Antonio pressed the key again and again she run croaking through
the room. It was really funny to see and I laughed my head off. Daddy told her
to stop and she began shouting at him I can't remember what just to start cawing
and running again. This time she stood still and in silence when told, then Dad
asked her again to parade in front of us what she did, with tears in her eyes
and whimpering, but she did". Tom was again fully erect and Yvonne started
softly caressing his cock. "Than Daddy asked me if I wanted to see Mom parading
naked with just her shoes and choker on. It was my Mom and I was only fourteen
but I really wished it and I told Dad. He proudly patted my thigh, "That's my
girl" he said and ordered Mom to strip. After a "NO" she started to scream again
with her hands at the choker and trampling like crazy. "Miss Williams, strip,
said Toni only once and sternly and she knew she had to. Even my Mom is not
prude I hadn't seen her naked for a long time, and admired her body. I was
getting hot. First Dad just made her walk up and down filming her, and then he
ordered her to assume different postures. Mom tried to bargain but soon she
submitted and adopted each time bolder postures. Than Dad started touching her
telling her names, in deep humiliation she suffered without rebelling. "Yvonne,
ever touched a woman?" asked me my Dad. He didn't hear my "no, never" cause of
Mom's shrieking "No, don't you dare, aaaaaaaahhhhhhhhh" And again, this time in
the nude, she run up and down. "Lisa, stand still and ask Yvonne to touch you"
Dad ordered. It took her ten minutes and a lot of pain to finally give in.
"Yvonne, darling, do you want to touch me" she asked utterly humiliated. And I
wanted, of course I wanted. I was as hot as hell. So I stood up and softly
caressed her naked breasts in front of my Dad and my uncle. Than I lowered my
hand and, after Toni's harsh "open", I touched another woman's sex for the first
time in my life. I touched her each time heavier and even slapped her ass. She
tried to avoid my avid hands but Toni made her stand still with open legs and
then I squatted down rubbing my crotch against her leg with one hand squeezing
her ass and finger fucking her with the other one. Daddy was filming us and also
stroking himself over his pants.

 I came and made my mother come. She cried in humiliation and Daddy told her he
was going to show this film to his buddies and to her friends too. She kneeled
at his feet pleading him not to do it, it was too humiliating and if the police
saw it she would spent the rest of her life in jail. Then Daddy offered her some
papers to sign. "These are to settle our divorce and these is for transferring
you to Toni's home where you'll start your training. Here you allow Toni or
anybody he choose to perform sexual acts on you and finally in these you are
giving Toni absolute power upon yourself." Mom started crying but Daddy took the
remote and she hastily asked for a pen to sign her fate. When signed Toni
ordered her to crawl over to him and blow him, pleading not to make her do that
she started crawling.

Next morning they left and I didn't see them for half a year. I school I told
she and Dad were having a crisis and she was living with her sister for a while.
For Christmas holidays my Dad took me to visit them unexpectedly.

We ringed at the front door and Mom opened. She was dressed in the smallest
french maid outfit I had ever seen with a white bonnet and high-heeled bright
red shoes.She still wore the golden choker.

When she saw us she immediately turned as red as her shoes but just said a
formal "Welcome to the residence of Mr. and Mrs. Lopez, please follow me".
Walking in front of us we could see a small metal sheet hanging between her
shapely legs we hadn't noticed before. Toni and Mary greeted us warmly and asked
us to stay for dinner. Mom behaved as a real maid and did all the work while
aunt Mary, Toni, Daddy and me were happily chatting. Once we sat at the table
Mary told Mom to stand next to her, in front of us. We could see that her dress
did not even cover her nether lips and Mary stated fondling her own sister. Mom
was utterly ashamed of being toyed like this by her sister in front of her
daughter and ex-husband. My aunt fingered her cunt, slipped one or two fingers
in and out, pinched her clit without even looking at her older sister. Toni
asked Mom to tell us what was written on the metal sheet. "On one side"Maria's
toy" and on the other "Toni's slut"" answered Mom deeply ashamed.When finished
dinner we sat on the sofa and Mary order Mom between her legs. As Mary was
sitting in front of us we had a marvellous panorama of her shaven slit and round
ass. Mary told us that Mom was used to lick cunts cause each Sunday after church
she and her friends have coffee while Mom were serving them on and under the
table. Daddy started to stroke his cock and I was as hot as hell when Toni told
me to strip so Mom could serve me and Dad use her free end. I was ashamed but to
hot to refuse and soon I was sitting with spread legs and my own Mom licking my
pussy.

When Toni offered her for my next birthday party she momentarily stopped licking
awaiting my reply. I patted her had and told Toni how happy I would be to have
Mom at my birthday party "serving" us.

It will continue




The Trainer 3

The birthday party was called off cause of a hurricane warning. And not only a
warning, the hurricane devastated the zone for two full days, till it lost
strength and became a storm. After it, most of the roads were impassable or
dangerous.

Yvonne celebrated her 18th birthday only with her closest family. Daddy, Uncle
Antonio, her boyfriend and the family Bitch, Petra. Yvonne enjoyed her party,
but it was far from what she really wanted.

Petra thanked God for sending the hurricane. Although she was hold naked and
available for whoever cared, she was happy. Her collar had become a second
nature to her, and the initial humiliation of being paraded nude in front of her
near -to-brother-in-law or felt up and discussed by her stepdaughter's boyfriend
slowly became more bearable, above all compared with the humiliation of meeting
her relatives in her actual state.

"Bitch" called Toni "I think it's time to start the task I was hired for, fetch
President." Petra became red. She knew better than to argument or to grumble,
but her worst fear was coming true. She remembered that only last week when she
was still a 'normal' woman (not a naked bitch) President tried to mount her. She
remembered she was frightened to death when it started growling at her efforts
to get it off. Finally she hid under the bed and explained Billy that episode.
He said that is was unacceptable and promised she would never again fight her
dog, and now she wore this damned collar. She had been collared not President.

"Bitch, pray" was all Antonio said when she came back with her dog. She assumed
the demanded embarrassing position: squatted down, with wide opened legs, hands
like a begging dog and holding her mouth open and her tongue out.

President immediate got interest in her and started sniffing at her. First it
was her face he lapped. Petra did not move, not even when her tongue made
contact with her dog's one. Then the dog showed interest in her crotch. In the
meantime her dog was sniffing and lapping at her cunt Antonio went over to her
and standing next to her, he patted her head.

"Good Bitch, good. You see, now I'll show President that HE is in charge and how
to bark or growl for you to adopt the right position. Don't worry I'm only going
to show HIM three different orders: for you to kneel on all fours granting HIM
easy access to your sex..." Antonio went on speaking but for Petra it was each
time more difficult to listen. First the dog's ministrations added to the shame
she felt, were driving her crazy and second she did not miss the irony of
Antonio's words. Now that she was a bitch he called the dog HIM and not it. "
... after that I've to teach you and program the collar to understand HIS
signs."

Antonio went on training them for the whole day. They started alone but when
Yvonne and Tom came home they stayed to enjoy the spectacle. President was a
really clever dog and Antonio a good trainer cause in only 5 hours the dog had
learned to growl once and sit down to make Petra kneel on her fours with wide
spread thighs. Like this th dog had mounted her three times in the last five
hours and even President obeyed Antonio to show the learned lesson Petra was
spared the humiliation of being fucked by a dog in front of Yvonne and Tom,
cause President didn't want to mount her again.

That afternoon Billy brought home a new kennel which he installed next to
President's. From now on Bitch was going to sleep there.
They had dinner in the garden: The four adults sitting at the table and the pets
disputing the leftovers thrown to them. Petra ended the dinner as hungry as she
started, but a lot more humiliated. President was better in catching, ran
speeder and for one piece given direct to her he growled and made her drop it.
The dog was becoming aware of its power.
Before going to bed Bill fucked his wife, than it was Tom who, getting
permission from Yvonne ( not from Petra) thoroughly fucked her. Antonio made
Yvonne sit on his lap and whilst watching he fondled her. He massaged both her
tits and kneaded her cunt without even asking for permission, she was clever
enough to let it happen. Petra slept in her kennel till five in the morning when
a growling President woke her. After being fucked by her own dog, she slept
again some hours.

Finally on Friday Antonio left. He recommended Billy to supervise Bitch, but he
was confident the training had been successful.
"You can let her dress and do normal live, she's fully trained. Her brain is
conditioned like a Pavlov dog.
She is near to incapable to disobey an order, her brain takes her to obey it,
even before she decides what to do, just in order to avoid pain."
"But, Toni," asked Bill " what happens if she goes to the police?"
"She won't" answered Toni confident "I've forbidden it. And we've a legal
contract she signed and paid to be trained"

Petra felt strange the first time she dressed again. It was a summer dress and
did little to hide her collar and manacles, but she managed to hide them, more
or less. She put on a black velvet necklace and long black gloves. This outfit
together with her wide black boots conferred her an strange air. A mixture
between a real lady and a high class whore.

If only Bill hadn't told her he was going to invite some of their mutual friends
for Saturday afternoon, she would have enjoyed more her trip into the city. Even
she spend the morning doing window-shopping and having coffee she was always
thinking what was going to happen that afternoon. ' I hope, now that Toni left,
Bill is going to be the old'. Perhaps he's inviting Tiffany, she thought. She
was really looking forward to meet Tiffany again and inwardly hoped that her old
friend would help her out of her present trap. Tiffany was her best friend since
ever and only when they to get steady relations they lost contact. She wondered
if Tiffy was still wearing her waist long black hair when a familiar voice made
her look up. "Petra?"

Billy's invitations were directed to their neighbors Sue Jones and Emma Boyd. He
did not know if they were friends, lover or relatives, but he thought it was a
good moment to find out. He also asked Tiffany Stanford and her boyfriend
Stephen to come. From office he told hiss colleagues Polly Reehal and Craig
Tavender to show up.

"Harrison?, Thomas Harrison?" Petra incredulously asked.
"Yeah, Petra , that's me. You look astonishing., don't you? Tell me what are you
doing, what's your life like.." Harrison was as always. Once he started
speaking, you were lost. She remembered him from college when he tried to make
out with her. Not a chance, and he wasn't bad looking, but he thought of himself
he's the universe's center and Petra couldn't stand it."

"Come on give me a hug" Petra's alarms went crazy. Not cause of his innocent
demand, but cause of her reaction. She was embracing him even before she knew
what  she was doing. He, of course, was pleasantly surprised and took advantage.
His hands immediately found her bum. Petra's training stopped her from fighting
his hands, but her brain was shouting at him to stop. He didn't, and each second
he passed fondling her made him get bolder. She seemed to welcome his hands
cause when he tried to cup her cunt she even opened her legs.

It was horrible, there she was in a public restaurant letting this bigheaded guy
to grope her. The people looked at her, some with interest some, mostly the
women , disdainful. How a grown up woman could permit a guy to touch her so
blatantly in public.

 She could feel the pressure his fingers were doing against her slit and how he
hold her squeezing her ass, but most of all she felt his pulsing cock. To worsen
things his 'give me a kiss' was obeyed by French kissing him with an unknown
passion; and when he took her hand she followed him without resistance.
One or two guys patted her ass when she passed by, she did not react..

Two hours later Petra was standing in her kitchen baking a cake for the
afternoon party. Her face was still red and her ass too. Harrison had taken her
into the man's toilet and sat her on his cock without delay. He massaged her
tits whilst thoroughly fucking her. Afterwards he ordered her to strip, and she,
ashamed, obeyed. Ashamed cause of obeying as much as cause of stripping.

"I cannot believe Miss Williams is wearing a dog collar" he happily said when he
discovered hers " so you are a bitch. Just a filthy bitch." He concluded
fingering her cunt, and his cock was again erect. He made her suck it. In the
meantime he rhythmically spanked her ass. "I should have spanked you some years
ago" he said and hit harder. After finishing he took her clothes and threw them
out of the stall into a corner, where she redressed under the smiling regard of
some gentlemen.

"Petra, it smells wonderful" Yvonne said coming into the kitchen "what are you
backing?"
"A strawberry cream cake" answered a merry Petra. Merry cause she was being
praised, and merrier cause her stepdaughter called her 'Petra' and not, well,
you know...

The cake was a success. All of them praised and lauded it. Petra was happy to
have met again her best friend, and Tiffany, more beautiful than ever, seemed to
share her feelings. They were happily chatting together with Yvonne. Polly, Emma
and Sue joined that chatting group whilst Bill, Stephen and Craig talked about
football on the sofa. Tom was neither here nor there. He changed his place
repeatedly, next to his girlfriend, next to Bill, again next to Yvonne. Bored he
decided to have some fun. "Petra, come and pour me some more coffee, please" he
said and as soon as she stand next to him, he started to fondle her ass.
"Yvonne, I love it" he said aloud smacking and kneading Petra's ass " how
touchable your stepmom is". "Go on, pet, I'm sure the rest of us are craving for
another cup of coffee" He underlined his sentenced by an extra hard blow on her
behinds. Red as a beet, poor Petra started to pour out coffee for everybody.
Yvonne was next, nonchalantly she groped her tits and commented that Petra was
like a bitch in heat. "Show us your bitch-collar" she asked. Petra, deeply
ashamed, followed the order.
"Hey, don't forget us" shouted Bill, and Petra ran to serve her husband. He
lifted her skirt and shouted:
"Who on earth has allowed you to put on panties, what would poor President
think.. Remove them immediately and roll up and fix your dress properly."
Stephen was devouring her with his eyes. He knew her and had fancied her, even
after going out with Tiffany. And now this dream of a woman was stripping right
in front of him. Petra's humiliation was total. She knew Stephen and Craig, and
here she was flashing her pussy to them. She searched for clothespins to fix her
dress as demanded and came back offering all of them a full frontal view of her
cunt. The view was really pretty: a beautiful woman's nice cunt adorned by
booted legs and a rolled up skirt.

Petra wasn't able to look at them and wanted to go on with serving coffee, when
Tiffany went over to her and commented aloud: "So at last you found somebody to
show you your place" Tiffany slowly passed a finger through her friend's wet
slit. I hope now you are not going to rebuff Stephen's advances again, are you?
You refused to be his girlfriend, thank you, but now you can be our
fuck-bitch...

Tiffany fondled, groped and French kissed her former friend before starting to
slowly finger fuck her.
"Stephen didn't you fancy this bitch? Come and let her blow you" Petra was close
to tears. To the humiliation she felt, added the deep sentiment of treason. This
woman who was degrading her should be her savior. "Steph, you won't believe it,
but she's wet" went on Tiffany

After blowing Stephen the real afternoon party took place. She had to lick Sue's
cunt who sat widespread on the sofa commenting to Bill, he was a bad neighbor.
"You have a pretty bitch like her and you never told us" she funnily commented.
Emma's sex was also worshipped by her tongue. Tom and Yvonne proudly made her
show the learned positions. They freely fucked and touched her, they made her
climb on the table and stay in her "pray" position. "Look at her dripping cunt"
commented Craig, who had been the last in fucking her, "Can we borrow her for
next weekend" asked Tiffany massaging her boyfriends crotch with one hand and
painfully stretching a cunt lip of their friend with the other one. "If she's
free we would like to use her too" intervened Emma slowly sticking a carrot into
Petra's anus" The party was being a success for everybody, but for Polly. Well
perhaps for Petra it was sheer hell, but who cares?

Polly sat silent on the sofa looking at Billy's degraded wife and feeling pity
(and hot, even she would never admit it) for her. The eroticism of the situation
does not escape to Polly, but she was too afraid of the group's reaction. No one
cared about that poor, naked, pretty woman. They just wanted to use her, to
abuse her, to have fun; they were like animals. Craig, whilst fucking Petra, had
groped her ass and she just flew from his hands. Shocked and afraid. In office
she would have slapped or even reported him, but here he was the stronger, or
that was her feeling.

Two hours later the group was tired, exhausted. Tiffany and Stephen were warmly
kissing on the sofa, same as Tom and Yvonne. Tom occasionally brushed or touched
Tiffany's ass, not being rebuffed. Emma and Sue kissed and fondled each other
sitting at the table and Bill was talking to Craig and Polly, well Polly was
just listening. Petra had been ordered to take a shower and than adopt her
waiting position in the middle of the room, where she was standing now.

"Why?" asked Polly, "Why is she behaving like this ?" "She is your wife and you
should not allow it, it's disgusting" Bill looked at his coworker and liked what
he saw. A small, young brunette with an ample chest and big hips. He than looked
at Craig as if asking him and got an approving look. "Yvonne" he called instead
of answering "Didn't Antonio bring some gifts for our friends? I think you
should bring one for Polly" Yvonne's face illuminated with a bright smile and
running she left the room. "Polly I think you have been uncomfortable today and
would like to offer you a small gift" Bill looked at Polly and went on " We are
colleagues and ..." "Daddy here it is" interrupted Yvonne bringing a small, nice
choker. "No, I cant accept it, Bill, really I don't want..."
"Nonsense" said Peter and started fixing the choker around her neck. "Here you
are. Look at you" he said and patted Polly's ass when she got up looking for a
mirror. She didn't like that smack , but went to the mirror. "Oh, it's nice, but
I don't ..." Her hands were searching how to open the choker." I really
don't..." her mind was to occupied trying to quit that gift to be able to
produce coherent speech.

It was then when President entered the room. It happily searched Bill and Yvonne
to be caressed and patted. It was introduced to all the presents, but Polly.
They caressed it and playfully rubbed it's back.
Suddenly the dog stood up and went over to Petra. It stuck it's cold snout into
her most private parts. It's cold nose made contact with her warm flesh, but she
just opened a little bit her legs to grant HIM better access. Tiffany grinning
commented: "Look, the dog likes the bitch" and the group laughed.

"Please Bill, I'm afraid of dogs, take it out" Polly said trying to hide away.
"Oh, Polly, that's bad cause it bites when it gets angry and you are making HIM
angry" seriously said Yvonne "better you do not move, do like Petra"
The dog went over to her to sniff around. She froze. President, as all dogs,
searched her crotch. "Open your legs or it gets angry " shouted Tom. Polly
slowly opened her legs. She was wearing tight jeans, and her slit was clearly
marked. "Put your hands away, he might bite you" suggested Craig, showing an
erection trough his trousers. Polly lifted her hands showing by the way how
round and firm her tits were.
President pushed his snout right into her crotch and even started licking. Polly
wanted to disappear.

She was really having a bad time, but it got worse when President growled and
sat back.
Petra immediately fall on her hands and knees and offered free access to the
moist entrance of her body. Polly looked lost and afraid "Bill why is it
growling, please do something" Tiffany, a clever woman, put two and two together
"I think you should do as Petra, after all she's a bitch and understands their
male companion" and to Petra she mockingly asked "You wouldn't be jealous, would
you?"

Polly was horrified, from her position she clearly saw Petra's wide open cleft.
It was obscene. President growled again, in a more intimidating way. Polly near
to tears dropped on her fours. The group exploded in joy. "It is taming her"
"Good dog" "Go on, doggy" "President for President" Undisturbed the German
shepherd tried to fuck her, but of course couldn't. She was still dressed.
Mounted on her he growled direct into her ear. Scared to death, she pissed on
herself. The group exploded again into loud laughter and applause. They were
having a great time.

Tiffany ordered her former friend to come and suck Stephen cock , whilst they
were enjoying the spectacle, she said. Petra obediently kneeled on her fours and
started to suck on Stephen's dick, whilst being fondled, groped and smacked by
Tiffany and Stephen himself. But the attention was focused on Polly. Miss Reehal
was kneeling in a puddle of her own piss, with a dog trying to fuck her and
crying out of shame and fear.

"Polly, you should strip" Bill said "or you'll get a cold and perhaps a bite. I
know President, it likes only naked bitches"
"Bill, please, please, take it off" pleaded Polly not reacting to 'bitches'.
"What, your pants?" Billy mocked
"Her whole outfit" suggested Craig
"Please, please, please...." sobbed Polly.
Bill offered to call President if she agrees to strip. Sobbing and crying she
agreed.
"President, here" and the dog went over to it's owner. He sniffed again at
Petra's crotch and without further ado he mounted her and started fucking her.
Petra kneeling in front of Stephen reached unknown peaks of humiliation. Here
she was in her own home, forced to suck a formers friend cock and being fucked
by a dog in front of a lot of well known people. Bill made her feel even worse
explaining that not even a month ago, she complained to him cause President
wanted to mount her. "And look now, how nice they are coming along" and to Petra
he said "you see I told you it was inadmissible and that you were not going to
fight back never again.

Tiffany applauded. Sue and Emma encouraged the dog. Yvonne, more used to that
spectacle focused on Polly. Polly was now standing, next to the puddle not
knowing what to do.

"Polly strip. I want to see what you looks like in the nude" It was Yvonne who
ordered it.
"No, please Yvonne, let me go"
"No way, first you strip for us and then you are going to ask my boyfriend and
your coworkers if they want to fuck you. You are going to tell them that they
can use you whenever they want."
With a 'noooooo' Polly tried to run away. She knew Presidents cock was trapped
in Petra's sex and thought it was a good moment to flee from this crazy people.

Her 'nooo' became a shrill "naaaaaah" as soon as Yvonne pressed the remote. Her
escape lost direction and she started to run up and down shrieking and kicking
whilst trying to get that damned collar off. The collar stayed.
"Polly, strip"
"AAHHHHH"
"Strip" Yvonne released the remote's button and Polly stopped running.
President was still fucking Petra, who had not stopped blowing Stephen, but the
rest of them were looking at Polly. Her pissed, wet jeans and her afraid look
conferred her an untidy look, a little bit sub-human.
"Strip"

to be continued...




The Trainer 4

"Polly, we are waiting" insisted Yvonne.

Miss Reehal felt horrible. Just a few hours ago she was enjoying a warm
afternoon party together with some coworkers and friends and now here she was
degraded and ordered to strip for their enjoyment.

She felt she had lost status, she was less human and more ... more...BITCH.



"AAhhhh, please no, not agaiiiin. I'll strip, I strip, just stop thaaat....."
Polly hastily started undoing her blouse. Seconds later followed her bra and
then she peeled down her pissed trousers, removing her panties on the way.  A
nicely trimmed cunt started to show.



Even all the group loved the spectacle Craig and Bill enjoyed the most.
Everybody in the office fancied her and they would have spend a great time
seeing her naked and humble. And now both of them are not only seeing her, they
know they can order her around, touch her, kiss her, fuck her... Life is great.
Well, don't ask Polly...nor Petra, fixed to a dogs cock sucking off her friend's
boyfriend.



"Miss Reehal" Craig said in a formal voice "would you please come and stand next
to me for me to fondle and inspect you as if you were buyable meat? The tone
made it even more humiliating.

Polly slowly approached her coworker trying to hide her pubes with one hand and
her bosom with her arm when Yvonne pressed the remote. "Polly, my dear, don't by
shy. No bitch is allowed to hide away" explained Yvonne and added "and remember
to tell your colleagues, all your male colleagues not only Mr. Tavender and Mr.
Williams, they can fuck you whenever they want". Miss Reehal was shouting and
stamping whilst fighting her collar till the pain ceased, then, not knowing
where to put her arms she hold her wrists behind her back.

"Misteeeer Tavendeeer" she slowly started "... you can fuck meeee ...."Silence,
silence, silence "fuck meee..." she went on "whenever you want".  Polly finished
crying openly.

"That's nice Polly" said Craig cupping her cunt "why didn't you say it before?"
Craig's left hand was fondling and fingering her cunt and his right hand
kneading her ass.

It was a pity he was so washed out; hios mind and his hands were enjoying
Polly's charms but his cock was striking. Noting he would not be able to fuck
her he decided to punish.

His kneading hand started spanking her whilst his left hand holds her by her
cunt lips.

"Why didn't you tell me before"? He repeated.

After a few moments he took her by a nipple and laid her over his lap.

"Why've you always been so uncooperative"? His hits were each time harder and
Polly was crying and squirming.. Everybody got a great view between her shapely
legs when she started kicking and they let her know. "Polly you've got a nice
cunt" "Go on kicking, I like the way you move your slit" "From here it seems
you're leaking" "For sure she is wet, Craig tell us, is the bitch wet"

Mr. Tavender interrupted the spanking and slowly passed a finger through her
(wet) slit.

Polly whimpered. She was humiliated and aroused being fondled and displayed so
publicly.

"No, she's not wet" announced Mr. Tavender  "she is dripping wet. I hope her
cunt can swim..."

he said  "or it will be drowned" The group laughed whilst with his last words he
introduced three fingers deep into his coworker. The group enjoyed his handling
and encouraged him to go on.



The men's stamina was down. Not only Craig but Billy and even Tom were unable to
produce an acceptable erection, but the women had no problem. On the contrary,
it seemed the more sex they got the hotter they became. Polly was not spared any
indignity. Even it took repeatedly button presses she licked Sue's sex, than
Emma's and was recorded by Bill when servicing Yvonne. When they ordered her to
clean Petra's sex, it was thanks to the collar they got her to it." Come on Miss
Reehal, suck President's cum out of her cunny" ordered Yvonne playing with
herself but firmly holding the remote. "Later on you can try to get it direct
from the source" she added mockingly.



President was the only male in the room still capable of mounting a female. The
sexual atmosphere got even to it and when Polly was on her knees and elbows
degrading herself licking Petra's cunt, he started sniffing at her other end.
The cold snout making contact with her overheated sex made her stiffen. She's
got an ancestral fear of dogs and now there was a large German Shepard sniffing
at her most private flesh.

The group started encouraging the animal (the furry one) chanting its name
"President, President, President, President,..."



Yvonne stood up and started massaging with one hand President's parts to get the
dog in mood and with the other one Polly's cunt. Her sexual scent made the rest.
President mounted her and with a fluent movement, denoting practice, it filled
the woman's cunt with cock. The group cheered.

Miss Polly Reehal was being fucked by a dog whilst kneeling naked and licking a
dog-cum filled cunt. Craig asked Bill to take some pictures of there pretty
co-worker. Just to show in office what a Williams's afternoon party is like, he
said. If his word were intended to humiliate further Poly he succeed cause poor 
Polly got so anxious that Petra became nervous and even the dog started
growling.



Craig Tavender arrived late that Saturday, but he arrived with a gift for his
wife: a golden choker.

She was, as usual, angry cause of his late arrival and started calling him names
as soon as he entered.

Craig, for the first time of his married life, didn't bother at all.

"Sweetie" he said, knowing she hated that nickname when she was angry "I know
I'm late but I couldn't come sooner we were having a good bitch...Ahh by the way
I've brought you a little gift."

"Oh, it's nice" Jennifer said, but immediately added "...but don't you think I'm
a cheap whore you are buying ...." "But no, sweetie, no, I just wanted to show
you how much I love you. Come on, be sweet and put it on"

"Craig don't you think I'm forgiving you" Jennifer said, but put on her
downfall.

"I couldn't care less" Craig said and went to bed. His cock was too drenched out
to start playing.

His answer shocked Jennifer, but she decided to wait till tomorrow to make
crystal clear she's not going to tolerate his attitude. She didn't even suspect
that Craig too, wanted to clarify some aspects.



Jennifer slept a little bit annoyed cause she hadn't been able to remove the
choker. She woke up remembering the argument she had with Craig and was
surprised to see him in the kitchen. Sundays he normally loafed around the whole
morning. She jumped out of the bed and went to the kitchen.

"Craig, we've to talk" she said leaning against the doorframe with a hand on her
hip.

"But of course, Jenny, of course. You know you look stunning?" Craig was
grinning like a Cheshire cat. He knew perfectly she couldn't stand him
complimenting her when she was angry.

"Why don't you put apart your panties and show me your pussy?" he mockingly
asked her.

Jennifer didn't like his confidence; normally he avoided teasing her when they
were having an argument.

"Craig! Can you please remain serious, I'm really angry, you can't..."

"Jennifer, I'm serious too. Show me your cunt!"

"Cra....aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhh!"

"Your cunt, Jenny"

"But, what, aaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhh........"

"Your filthy cunt, Jenny"

"Stop it, sorry, please, it hurts so much"

"Jenny are you deaf or stupid? S-H-O-W_M-E_Y-O-U-R_C-U-N-T" Craig's voice was
hard and demanding and Jennifer was really afraid he would hurt her again.
Slowly she tossed aside her panties.

Even it was her husband she felt humiliated.

"You see, how easy you avoid yourself more pain" Craig said smiling "from now on
if you want to speak you do it with your cunt on show, is it clear?"

Jenny was too shocked to even process the question, let alone answering it.

Craig pressed the knob of the remote and asked again if it was clear. After some
hysterical shouting and crying, Jenny answered it was clear.

"I hope you'll remember it, for your own sake, and don't try to remove your
collar, it's loaded with explosives and if you try,...well you've always said
you lost the head over me " Smiling Craig left the kitchen and sat down in the
living. Then he whistled as if calling a dog.



Craig spent the whole Sunday morning training his bitchy wife to be a real
Bitch. Jennifer learned fast that the most horrible was NOT to obey. If he
wanted her cunt on show, ok, he's her husband there's nothing strange about it.
If he wanted her on all fours, well, better give him what he needs before he
looks for some (other) sluts.

He wanted her to bark instead of speaking, it does not hurt to fulfill your
husband's wishes and it's good for a peaceful coexistence. Than wanted her to
call some work-colleagues to look at her, well....better than giving him reasons
to press the remote, and call the colleagues despite everything.



"Hi, Penelope, it's me Jenny. Why don't you come over with Paul and we've dinner
together?"

"......."

"No, really, Craig would love it"

"......."

"No, no, if the Henson's and Mr. Michael want to come also they are welcome"

"........"

"Really, don't worry. Craig says you'll love what he wants to show you"

Jennifer felt terrible. Not that she was on her fours, stark naked talking with
her office friend whilst Craig was slowly fucking her with a carrot, but the
prospect of meeting this people in her actual state. But she knew there was no
way out. They were going to see her naked. They were going to laugh at her
tricks and perhaps even ....no this thought was too horrible.  She is no cheap
whore....



One Year later



A new name has been added to top of the 500 wealthiest people in world,
published Fortune's in an extra no dedicated to Mr. Antonio Lopez.

This Mexican wrote the magazine, was a learned tamer.  The photo showed Antonio
with 4 or 5 dogs on a typical dog-circuit, but one day he applied his knowledge
to solve a familiar problem. The picture showed Antonio eating at his table and
fondling Lisa, in her maid outfit, serving him. Her cunt was clearly visible.

The writing under the photo explained that the maid was HIS sister-in-law. Next
to that photo, another one depictured the little metal sheet, on both sides.

Mr. Lopez then, improved the common taming collars for this new use. He still
was not thinking in making money with it, but he patented it. The Patent Officer
didn't know if this new use was legal and only certificated a Patent Pending.

Antonio, nevertheless, started to produce his improved collars and manacles with
the eager help of friends, relatives and neighbors. A series of pictures showed
more or less one hundred naked women, working on their fours and attached by the
collar. In other pictures there were men using and abusing these workers. A list
explained who was who, but the procedure was one and the same. An, unknowingly,

invited woman get collared, then the present men got her sexual benefits and Mr.
Lopez her labor.



Even his production costs were low, he needed to sell the product in order to
gain money, but the actual state of law would not tolerate such an abuse.



Mr.  Lopez than organized a big party inviting not only his female workers but
all the big fishes in matter of laws, even the president got an invitation. The
pics showed a group of people, men and women, were it was easy to recognize
members of the supreme court, gubernators, the best lawyers and the presidents
family. His second wife, his 17 year old daughter and  his mentally retarded
son, Mick.



The magazine went on explaining how Mr. Lopez gave a small present to all the
guests, before holding a speech. The following pictures were taken during his
speech. In the first of them a formal crowd was listening to a speaker. In the
last one a cheering crowd of men were encouraging Mick to fuck again his
bewildered sister. Next to the men, naked, on their fours or sucking cocks and
being fucked you could find the female part of the party.



Mr. Lopez got more out of this party than he expected. He only wanted a
permission to sell his invention and he got the certification it was to become
obligatory for every woman older than 15. Even visiting people from overseas
should use it whilst in the country. 



The sales made him our new richest man on World.



The magazine concluded explaining that Mr. Lopez was trying to export his
invention and that he has announced a big party in Brussels for the end of this
month, inviting the European country leaders and law-makers.



The End




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Woolfighter


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





