BDSM Library - Modern Mid-wife




Modern Mid-wife
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Jake and Emma are expecting their first child and receive the very best in modern medical care at a very special Institute.  Never has being a mother-to-be been so exciting!
Modern Mid-wife


"Mr. And Mrs. Jackson?  The doctor will see you now."  The nurse said, smiling
warmly at the anxious young couple.  "I'll take you back and get you settled,
Dr. Hahn will be with you shortly."

The couple smiled, squeezing each other's hands as they followed the pretty
young and quite pregnant nurse to the doctor's office.

"There you go.  If Mrs. Jackson will get into the examination gown and then up
on the exam table I can do the basics until Dr. Hahn gets here."  the nurse
continued, handing Mrs. Jackson a white examination gown.

"First time?"  the nurse asked with a smile, watching as Mrs. Jackson shyly
disrobed and shrugged into the examination gown that was fully open in the front
rather than the back as most other gowns.

Mr. Jackson grinned, "Yes and we're quite excited.  We did a home test and it
was positive but of course, it always feels better to have professional proof."

The nurse nodded.  "Of course. If you like, I can start with the test as it may
take a while.  Home tests are okay, but ours is quite advanced and can tell us a
lot more."

"That would be great."  Mr. Jackson replied.

"Okay then, let's get Mrs. Jackson into the stirrups here."  she said, helping
Mrs. Jackson onto the table and then spreading her legs quite widely to get them
settled into the stirrups.  The examination table was of a type the couple had
never seen before.  It was quite large and had many different attachments,
levers, sliding parts and sturdy stirrups that supported a patients legs at the
knees and spread them remarkably wide.  Mrs. Jackson winced slightly as she was
spread wide and carefully secured into the stirrups.

The nurse smiled in apology.  "I know it's a tad uncomfortable at first, but
very necessary.  To give birth easily, you'll have to be spread this wide or
wider in any event, so it's best to get used to it beforehand.  Speaking of
which, do you know much about our program here?"

"Well, we know it's the top of the line prenatal care and that you have
excellent results with natural childbirth and the least complications of any
other service available."  Mr. Jackson said.

The nurse nodded and smiled.  "Absolutely and that is because we provide much
more than the typical 'slam, bang, thank you ma'am' kind of service that is the
norm these days.  We see preparing for birth as an active process that begins
from the moment you discover that you are pregnant and it is very much a
procedure that involves active participation of the husband or partner, and the
midwife - and I mean more than once a month visits.  We have developed a
comprehensive plan that addresses all aspects of the pregnancy and create a
tailored plan for each couple and provide active support so that the program is
adhered to." 

The couple nodded and smiled, "Yes! That's what we heard and we are really
looking forward to it . Your statistics are so impressive, the testimonials so
incredibly positive that there wasn't going to be any other option for us." 
Mrs. Jackson said.

"Yes, but know that it is an intensive program, but believe me, you'll love the
rewards!"  the nurse chuckled, moving to gather supplies from one of the drawers
of the exam table.

The nurse glanced at Mrs. Jackson's vulva and frowned, "Oh dear, we'll have to
take care of this first though."  She said, indicating the closely cropped pubic
hair.  "It is very unhygienic to have any pubic hair and so I'll shave it off
and provide you with a special lotion that will keep it from growing back if you
use it regularly."  she explained, opening a panel on the exam table and
retrieving some shaving gel and a razor.

The nurse smiled ruefully, "Someday we'll have a more scientific method of
removing body hair, but for right now, this will have to do."

Mr. Jackson grinned, having shaved his wife on numerous occasions though she
always seemed a bit shy about having it done regularly.

The nurse sprayed the gel onto her fingers and then gently massaged it over Mrs.
Jackson's pubic patch.  She let it sit for several moments until Mrs. Jackson
gasped in surprise.

"Yes, forgot to warn you that it warms up a bit and may sting the delicate mucus
membranes of your vaginal area.  It shouldn't be too bad though. Just hold very
still for a bit."  She instructed, carefully shaving Mrs. Jackson until she was
quite bald and as smooth as a baby.  She rose and dropped the shaver into the
sink and washed her hands.

"Now then, I'll be taking a pregnancy test using one of our very comprehensive
testing kits.  What we do is basically create several tests that can be in one
small tube.  The tube will be inserted into the urethra and allowed to remain
there for about an hour. I know that seems hideously long, but compared to all
the other tests where you would have to have several different procedures that
are quite uncomfortable, this is a real time saver.  As we wait, we can really
go into the details of the program and go over the exercises that you will be
starting today and do every day until you deliver."  The nurse smiled, snapping
on a pair of latex gloves and opening a sterile package with length of tubing
inside.

"Now then, this is the test.  I will insert it into the urethra, much like a
catheter would be.  After that, I'll have to insert a tube into the rectum and
inflate it so that it will push the other organs into proper position for
optimal viewing once we do the ultra-sound.  After that I can begin with the
material about what to expect and what you will be required to do."  the nurse
explained.

The nurse slid a stool over so that she could sit between Mrs. Jackson's widely
spread thighs and indicated that Mr. Jackson should slide the other stool next
to hers so that he could observe.  "Oh, and please call me Jen.  I'm afraid I
forgot to introduce myself in my haste."

"This shouldn't be too bad Mrs. Jackson. It may feel as if you had to urinate,
but that will pass quickly."  The nurse said, carefully spreading Mrs. Jackson's
labia to find her urethral opening.  She then carefully worked the tubing into
her bladder, securing the tubing with a strip of tape to her inner thigh.  Mrs.
Jackson grimaced a bit, blushing deeply at the sensations caused by the tubing.

"Uh .. oh .. "  she gasped softly.  "I've never had anything like this done
before."  she admitted.  "Oh .. and I'm Emma ... being called Mrs. Jackson seems
awfully formal for .. well .. for what we're doing."  Mrs. Jackson said, looking
acutely embarrassed.

Jen chuckled, "Pleased to meet you Emma."

"I'm Jake."  Mr. Jackson said, unable to keep his eyes from the sight of a very
pretty and pregnant Jen touching his wife so intimately.

"Now comes the slightly harder part.  We've found that many women aren't
comfortable with their bodies which is such a shame as knowing the body and
exercising all of it is critically important to an easy delivery."  Jen said,
opening another sterile package and pulling from it a large tube about 24 inches
long and along the tube's length were evenly spaced spherical protrusions that
were over inch in diameter.

"This looks more intimidating than it really is.  This tube will be inflated
once it is inside your rectum.  The protrusions will help you retain this and
will stimulate your inner sphincter so that we can get some readings about your
internal anatomy."  Jen explained.

Jen covered the tube with liberal amounts of lubricant and then leaned in close
to spread Emma's anal opening so that the tube could be inserted.  "Now, as I
work this up, try to feel it and help along with your own muscles, drawing it up
inside you.  If you've done Kegal's it's pretty much a similar working of the
muscles.  Go ahead and give it a try." Jen instructed.

Emma gasped as the tube was pressed against her anal opening, unfamiliar with a
stranger focusing their attentions there.  She did as she was instructed, trying
to use her internal muscles to help it along.  She blushed deeply, completely
embarrassed by the procedure but unwilling to admit that she had any modesty
about it.  Jake looked on, feeling his erection and wanting very much to do
something about it.

Jen apparently noticed and smiled.  "We'll have a job for you in a bit to take
care of that."  she said with a wink.

Emma moaned softly as the length of tubing was forced into her anal opening. 
"It's .. much bigger .. than I expected .. "  she panted softly, obviously
straining to accept the tube into her rectum.

"Yes, and that is very much the point. In order for Dr. Hahn to accurately get
readings about your anatomy, we do have to take it all to the limit as it were. 
Filling your rectum will push your reproductive organs forward so that we can
accurately measure where you are."  Jen explained with a smile.

Jen then opened yet another sterile package and withdrew a very long
thermometer.  "This,"  Jen said, holding up the mostly ordinary looking
thermometer but for it's length, "will be used to get an accurate basal
temperature. As I'm sure you both know, the temperature of a woman's womb is
indicative of many hormonal changes.  Through out the course of your pregnancy,
I'll want accurate temperature readings of the womb."

Jen then opened another drawer in the exam table and withdrew a rather large
speculum.  "Now then Jake, as you'll be keeping a close eye on your wife's
pregnancy, you may as well get used to inserting the speculum.  This part should
be easy for you as men tend to be good at inserting things."  She said with a
chuckle.

Jake applied lubricant to the speculum and inserted it into Emma's quite aroused
vaginal opening with ease.

Jen smiled, "Obviously, you've done this before."  she said with a chuckle.

"Oh indeed. We are perverts of the first order."  He laughed.

"Excellent, that will be quite beneficial!"  Jen said, wondering at Emma's very
deep blush at Jake's words.

"What most people don't understand about taking basal body temperatures is that
you can't just stick it into the vagina and expect to get a good result.  The
vaginal opening is quite big in terms of the thermometer and it could be up
against the vaginal wall, or just sitting in empty air - and you'll get very
different readings that don't mean a thing.  The whole point to taking a basal
body temperature is to get the temperature of the opening of the cervix.  The
head of the thermometer must be carefully inserted into the cervix, but not very
deep, just the head of the thermometer."  Jen said, indicating that Jake should
watch over her shoulder as she carefully inserted the long thermometer into
Emma's spread vagina.  We don't recommend couples doing this at home as it could
be dangerous to the baby and we don't want to be introducing anything that
doesn't belong into the womb.  I'll be doing this on your visits."  Jen
explained.

Jen then carefully inserted just the head into Emma's quite tight cervical
opening.  Emma groaned at this intimate intrusion.

"It will cause some mild cramping as you've never had a child before and it is a
quite tight opening.  But you'll get used to it over time. It's a really
important temperature to take and this is the only way to get an accurate
reading.  The thermometer should stay in place for 4 minutes."  Jen said,
carefully holding the thermometer in place as Emma gasped softly and moaned.

Jen let the fingers of her other hand gently caress Emma's inner labia and
clitoris.  "I hope you don't mind the intimacy, but stroking her and getting a
low level of arousal will make the cramping go away."

Jake wanted to groan out loud as he saw Jen's fingers working Emma's spread
vagina and seeing all that stainless steel inside her.

"Jake, I would like you to stimulate Emma's nipples. Part of the training you
will do will involve preparing the nipples for nursing.  You should take them
firmly in your fingers, rolling them fairly moderately between your fingers
until they are quite hard.  An added benefit of doing this now is to give me
readings on the amount of oxytocin Emma can produce naturally and to see how it
changes over the course of the pregnancy. Oxytocin is a hormone that is quite
important in the delivery process so knowing how much Emma is producing under
what stimulus is a very important bit of information."  Jen said, indicating
that Jake should now stimulate Emma's nipples.

Emma shook her head and groaned as Jake touched her nipples.  Jen slapped Emma's
thigh sharply.  "Now, now Mrs. Jackson.  We can't have any of that.  Nipple
stimulation is critically important for nursing and it looks like we'll need to
do extra work in that department."  Jen said firmly.

Jake smiled and began working Emma's nipples in earnest, his thick fingers
really rolling and pinching the tender and sensitive flesh of her large nipples.

"Excellent Jake, that's exactly the kind of workout her nipples need."  Jen said
approvingly.

"The tube is in place and I'll just inflate it a bit. We've got a good
temperature, though I'll leave the speculum in for Dr. Hahn."  Jen said,
withdrawing the thermometer but securing the speculum with a clamp attached from
the exam table.  "There, you're all ready for Dr. Hahn."  Jen said with a smile.

Emma was moaning softly and was unable to escape the working of her nipples, or
the intrusions into her vagina and rectum.

Jake wanted to ask about what Jen had promised him earlier but was interrupted
by a knock on the door and a face peeking around the corner before entering.

A tall, elderly gentleman in a doctor's coat smiled and introduced himself. 
"I'm Dr. Hahn."  he said, extending a hand to Jake and smiling at Emma on the
exam table.

"So then, first timers and our first outside customers as well."  Dr. Hahn said,
reading over Emma's chart.

"Excellent."  he remarked, glancing at Emma and then taking a seat between
Emma's widely spread thighs.

"So, we've got a positive pregnancy test, estimated to be just about 5 weeks
along and all healthy so far."  Dr. Hahn summarized.

Emma and Jake exchanged happily excited looks and Jake leaned over to give Emma
a great big kiss.

Jen and Dr. Hahn smiled.  "Congratulations!  And, congratulations on choosing us
for your prenatal care. We here at the Institute have developed this method over
5 years and with over 60 mothers.  It's been an unqualified success and you are
our first couple outside the Institute to try it.  Now, I will say that this is
going to be a lot different than anything you have ever heard of.  It is our
belief that to facilitate a natural childbirth and to have a very healthy, above
average baby, a healthy womb is essential.  To make a womb a nurturing place for
a growing infant, we have learned that it needs exercise and attention, those
things bring about increased blood flow and oxygen which in turn makes for a
speculator baby."  Dr. Hahn explained.

"Sadly, so many females today are taught to ignore their sexuality or to repress
any yearnings during pregnancy or even to be uncomfortable with their bodies.
This particular program will address these issues head on and will demand that
the couple really heed nature, practice sexuality and bring to the womb all that
it needs.  It is a demanding program, but will ensure a very healthy baby and
easy delivery." Dr. Hahn continued.

"So then, let's see what we have here."  he said, snapping on a pair of latex
gloves.

Dr. Hahn tugged at the tube that had been inserted into Emma's rectum.  "Good
muscle tone."  he commented before moving on to peer inside Emma's spread
vagina.

"Nice and healthy looking.  All pink and slick, lots of juices flowing."  Dr.
Hahn said, drawing a deep breath.  "There's nothing quite so nice as healthy
sexuality.  The scent of a woman that is aroused and pregnant is intoxicating."

Emma blushed once more while Jake grinned.  "I quite agree Dr. Hahn."  he said.

Dr. Hahn smiled, "Excellent!  It's so rare to meet those outside the Institute
that have such a healthy attitude."

"Now then, I would like to move forward and explain what our program is about
and what will be demanded of you both.  Our program depends on regular and
intense stimulation of all the reproductive organs so that the increased blood
and oxygen flow will nurture your baby.  The program I will outline includes
exercises that should be done at least 3 times a day."  Dr. Hahn said, holding
up a hand to hold off any protests.

"Now, I do understand that Jake works outside the home at times and we do offer
assistance for just that circumstance."  Dr. Hahn explained.  "An important
component of our program is to supply that assistance, in the form of one of our
students that will come to live with you so that she can assist on a day to day
basis with all the needs that might come up.  She can provide the stimulation
Emma will need when Jake is away and she can also serve Jake when Emma is unable
to.  The truth is that during pregnancy, there may come a time or twenty when
Emma is not up to fulfilling her wifely obligations.  Our student will fill that
purpose as well.  It's really a great program."  Dr. Hahn smiled.

Jake raised a brow and something else at Dr. Hahn's words.   "Yes Jake, we here
at the Institute recognize that men need fulfillment and we are quite happy to
provide it. It will take the stress from Emma while keeping you at your peak. 
We don't ignore nature around here."  he chuckled.

"This is sounding perfect so far!"  Jake replied enthusiastically.  "Emma was
already worried about keeping me happy when we found out."

Dr. Hahn nodded, "It is a legitimate concern.  While most women are intensely
sexual during their pregnancy, towards the end it can take quite a bit of
ingenuity and effort to enjoy what you once did.  Our students, despite advanced
stages of pregnancy, are quite adept at serving and will in fact teach what they
have learned to Emma as well as filling whatever roles the male needs."

"Basically, the program demands the following - that the bowels should be
thoroughly cleaned and flushed on a weekly basis, that Emma should have a series
of climaxes to stimulate blood and oxygen flow to her womb daily.  At least
twice a day, her birth canal should be stretched, exercised if you will to
accommodate the delivery process.  Three times a day Emma's nipples should be
thoroughly worked, to simulate the nursing process later on.  This of course,
can be done more often as exercise of the nipples also releases many beneficial
hormones."

"In addition to that, she'll need some other modifications to keep up an
increased blood flow to the vaginal area.  Jen has noted some structural
abnormalities that will need to be addressed.  Let me see to those now." Dr.
Hahn said, carefully removing the speculum.

"Ah yes, I see what she means."  Dr. Hahn commented, carefully examining Emma's
vaginal area.

"Jake, you are probably aware that Emma's inner labia are a bit oversized and
that she has quite a prominent prepuce.  In the interests of keeping Emma
aroused and easily arousable, you may want to consider a partial circumcision
for her."  Dr. Hahn noted.

"I'm not sure what exactly you mean, Dr. Hahn."  Jake said, moving to see more
clearly what Dr. Hahn was pointing out.

"Okay, look here."  Dr. Hahn said, tugging gently at Emma's inner labia.  "These
are not supposed to be this long.  If they were trimmed a bit, it would ease the
delivery quite a bit.  Haven't you had trouble with intercourse?"  he asked.

"Well, truth be told, yes.  Often when we are engaged in intercourse, they do
tend to cause Emma pain as when I enter her, they get pulled along."  Jake
admitted candidly.

"Also, you see here that there is quite a bit of flesh obscuring the clitoris. 
It would be easier to initiate orgasm if this bit of flesh were removed."  Dr.
Hahn continued.  "I'll just put the speculum back in as it is really to stretch
the vaginal wall a bit to accommodate the probe I will be using shortly."  Dr.
Hahn added more lubricant to the speculum and inserted it once more, opening it
to it's widest setting.  "There."  Dr. Hahn said as Emma grunted softly at being
stretched so wide once again.

"But .. isn't that .. well, female mutilation?"  Emma asked in disbelief once
she got over the reinsertion of the speculum.

Dr. Hahn shook his head and chuckled, "How could it be mutilation when we are
enhancing your anatomy rather than leaving it dysfunctional?"

"But it sounds so extreme."  Emma said doubtfully.

Dr. Hahn nodded, "To some it would sound rather extreme I suppose.  However, I
can show you the literature and a video that details the procedure, describes
its benefits, describes the problems that are associated in not treating the
condition and testimonials from literally thousands of women who have had this
procedure around the country.  You probably aren't aware that this is a common
procedure though its clear that many women won't volunteer the information.  If
you do a web search on vaginal rejuvenation or vaginal reconstructive surgery,
you will find hundreds of clinics across the country who routinely perform this
surgery in the interests of alleviating the pain of intercourse, to allow women
to fully experience their own sexuality and in many cases, to become orgasmic
for the first time in their lives."

"What exactly is involved?  Will there be a long healing time?  Other issues?" 
Jake asked.

"This is literally band-aid surgery with only mild discomfort that lasts from 1
to 3 days.  We use a topical anesthetic that numbs the skin and then snip, snip,
it's done.  There are a few little sutures that will dissolve in a week and
that's it."  Dr. Hahn said with a smile.  "It doesn't have to be done right away
though we prefer it to be done before 20 weeks of pregnancy.  Take your time and
think about it, study the video, do research on the web, it's all there and the
choice is obviously yours.  In this case, I do recommend the surgery as you do
have painful intercourse and that will only get worse with time.  The added
factor in your case is more difficult to assess.  I don't know how easily Emma
climaxes in general though I can run a series of tests that will give us
objective information based on women we have ourselves tested before and after."

Jake nodded, "We'll do the research and let you know."

"Excellent. So then, let's continue with the exam."  Dr. Hahn smiled.  "At this
point, Emma is ready for an internal picture taking session.  This is a newer
version of the ultra-sound that you've probably heard of, but much more
comprehensive and thoroughly tested to be safe."  Dr. Hahn said, lifting
something that resembled a small handheld shower unit from a cradle on the
massive exam table.

"This thing is the wand that will be inserted into Emma's vaginal opening and
will begin taking various images that will give us information about the embryo,
the condition of the uterus, the depth of the cervix, the blood flow, and more." 
Dr. Hahn explained, slipping a sterile sleeve over the probe.  The probe itself
had a head that was roughly the size of a flattened plum that tapered to a 1
inch thick cylinder in which the thick cable emerged and led to a computer.

"This may be a bit uncomfortable at first because we've had to expand your
rectal passage for optimal viewing.  I'm just going to make sure your bladder is
empty and then we'll get started."  Dr. Hahn said, adjusting the valve so that
Emma's urine could now drain into the collection bag instead of to the analyzer.

"That should do it. Now, I'll remove the speculum which I think has done it's
job of gently stretching the vaginal opening to accommodate this probe."  Dr.
Hahn carefully pulled the speculum out without reducing it's diameter.

Emma groaned and gasped as it was removed, her fingers clenching.  "Oh!"  she
exclaimed in surprise.

Jen moved to stroke Emma's forehead and nodded to Jake. "It might be best if you
continued the nipple massage, the hormones released will keep her vaginal area
relaxed."

Jake moved so that he could still watch Dr. Hahn use the probe while rolling
Emma's nipples firmly between his fingers.

Emma moaned softly, closing her eyes at the invasion of both her pelvic region
and her nipples.

Dr. Hahn carefully worked the large probe deep into Emma's birth canal and began
moving the probe around slowly, watching the resulting images on the monitor.

"There we go, very good pictures here."  Dr. Hahn said with a satisfied smile. 
With his free hand, he explained the images to Jake.

"There, hold on a moment .. " he said, again moving the wand slightly, eliciting
another gasp from Emma.  "There is the sac, that round blob there.  That's your
baby."  Dr. Hahn smiled.  He again adjusted the wand and pointed again.  "That
is the cervix where the baby will ultimately come out.  It looks thick and
healthy and we will be monitoring that during the entire pregnancy so that we
are assured of the competency of it.  Sometimes it is the case that the cervix
shortens and this almost always indicates the risk of pre-term labor, which is
something we want very much to avoid.  If the cervix does in fact shorten
dramatically before midterm, I can actually apply some sutures to keep it closed
until the time of delivery."  Dr. Hahn explained, moving the wand once more.

Emma groaned softly, panting now.  "Oh ... Dr. Hahn, that feels so ... funny ..
odd."  She gasped softly, grinding her hips slowly as the wand moved within her
vaginal opening.

Dr. Hahn nodded, "I'm sorry Emma.  One drawback of this new system is that it
sometimes stimulates sexual centers such as the G-spot.  That is likely what you
are feeling now. I can see that your clitoris is quite erect."

Emma blushed deeply, not knowing what to say.  Jake grinned, "Indeed?  A rather
nice side effect I would say."

Jen and Dr. Hahn chuckled softly while Emma continued to blush deeply.

"What I'm doing now is an analysis of the blood flow, level of hormones, muscle
rigidity and so on.  There are about 50 different kinds of measurements being
taken as I slowly move this wand around inside."  Dr. Hahn said, slowly moving
the wand in a small circular motion, then moving it slowly out a bit before
rotating and pressing it slowly back into Emma's vaginal opening.

Emma panted and gasped softly, rocking her hips slowly as the wand was moved
inside her.

"This will take another few minutes."  Dr. Hahn explained, "At the conclusion of
this series of readings, I would like to induce a climax so that we can measure
the increase in blood flow, hormones as well as determine the relative strength
of the contractions that orgasm produces.  This will be a base reading for our
records.  What you will do at home with the portable unit we will give you is to
measure the strength of climaxes on a daily basis if you can."

"Really?"  Jake asked in surprise.  "You mean whenever I give her a climax, I
have to measure it with that thing?"

Dr. Hahn nodded, "At least once a day though you should stimulate Emma several
times a day if possible.  The more blood flow and the more exercise the uterus
receives, the better the pregnancy and the easier the birth process.  You should
be able to compare the readings over time and see an improvement in all areas."

"Oh!"  Jake exclaimed, grinning now.  "I've always wanted to play doctor!"

Dr. Hahn chuckled, "It's just a simple tool that will help ensure an easy birth. 
Some find it invasive but I've found that couples who are sexually open and
active generally have little problem with using this.  The unit you will receive
only measures the various blood and hormone levels, it won't be able to give you
the pictures you saw earlier."

Dr. Hahn continued to move the probe around deep inside Emma's birth canal
causing Emma to squirm and moan in embarrassment.  Jen helped Jake massage and
stimulate Emma's nipples. 

"You're doing fine honey."  Jake said to Emma softly.  "No need to feel
embarrassed at all."

Dr. Hahn moved the wand again and checked one of the readouts, "It looks like
Emma is quite near to climax.  Her clitoral shaft is trying to emerge from the
prepuce though it is difficult because of the extra flesh of the enlarged hood." 
Dr. Hahn commented, moving his gloved finger to gently push back the fleshy hood
from Emma's clitoris.

"Ohhhhhhh!"  Emma exclaimed in surprise at the touch, bucking her hips to drive
herself harder against Dr. Hahn's fingers.  Emma began to buck her hips in
earnest, moaning softly as she arched her back and rubbed herself against the
doctor's fingers.

Dr. Hahn nodded in satisfaction, helping Emma to achieve orgasm by gently
working his fingers in a circular motion against Emma's clitoris until Emma
convulsed with a loud groan, shaking her head back and forth as the climax swept
over her.

"Oh god!  Ohhhhhh .. ohhhh .. .. "  she panted, her muscles tensing and arcing
as she writhed on the exam table, held in place by the concerned hands of both
Jen and Jake.

"Wow .. "  Jake exclaimed in a hushed whisper.  "That was a good one.  You
should coax another from her, she's hardly ever satisfied with just a single."

Dr. Hahn nodded and continued to toy with Emma's very erect clitoris that was
still visibly twitching from the climax.  Emma groaned more loudly, "No, no ..
please, no more."  She panted, trying to move away from Dr. Hahn's questing
fingers.

Dr. Hahn looked up at Jake, a question in his eyes.

Jake smiled and nodded for him to continue.

Dr. Hahn gently tapped Emma's clitoris with his gloved fingers and moved the
wand a bit before beginning again in rubbing small circles around the still
erect clitoris.

Emma moaned, her entire body tensing again and both Jake and Jen pinched her
nipples, pulling them outward before rolling them between thumb and forefinger. 
Dr. Hahn continued the small circular motions as well as moving the wand slowly
in and out of Emma's vagina.

Again Emma erupted in a violent climax, her entire body shuddering and shaking
as she cried out, begging them to stop.

Jake smiled and nodded that Dr. Hahn could stop now.

"Most excellent!"  Dr. Hahn commented as he checked and double-checked the
readings the wand had taken.  "Emma, you did a fantastic job.  Good girl."

Jake kissed Emma gently and stroked her forehead.  "See honey?  You did a great
job and we are going to have lots of fun getting you ready for birthing our
child."  he said tenderly.

"I'm going to remove the probe now Emma, which may make you feel that you need
to urinate, but don't forget - you still have a catheter in so you won't leak
anywhere."  Dr. Hahn said, slowly withdrawing the large probe from Emma's
vagina.

Emma gasped softly, making a purring noise from the back of her throat.

"Now, I'm going to leave this anal probe inside for a few moments longer while I
explain to Jake another of his jobs in preparing you for the birth of your
child. I have found that his job will be easier if your anal opening is still
stretched around the probe."  Dr. Hahn explained, rising now to indicate that
Jake should take a place directly behind the exam table by Emma's head.

Jen adjusted the controls of the huge exam table and Emma gasped as she felt her
head lowered suddenly and a part of the exam table moved away, leaving her head
all but hanging off the edge.

"Now Jake, we have had decades of study that proved that an open and relaxed
mouth helps to open and relax the vagina.  Your job will be to help Emma with
mouth relaxation exercises and the best way for an intimate couple to achieve
this is through simple oral sex.  You just press yourself deeply into Emma's
mouth, pressing slowly but firmly to the back of her throat.  She'll likely gag,
but that's okay as that gag reflex actually relaxes the vaginal muscles."  Dr.
Hahn explained.  "You know, I can actually demonstrate this for you.  Hold on
while Jen reinserts the probe into Emma."  Dr. Hahn nodded to Jen and Jen
quickly put a fresh sleeve of the large probe and carefully pressed it back into
Emma's vaginal opening.  She set some dials on the display and a graph appeared
on the screen.

"Right now, Emma's muscles are still somewhat tensed and flush from her recent
climaxes.  As you begin to work her mouth, you'll see this line here drop, which
is a direct measure of the relaxation of her vaginal muscles. "  Jen explained.

"Okay, so go ahead and put your penis into Emma's mouth."  Dr. Hahn instructed.

Jake nodded, opening his pants to reveal his very erect penis.  He placed the
tip at Emma's lips and she eagerly opened her mouth to accept it.

Jen stepped closer and grasped Jake's testicles gently.  "What you'll want to do
is press in as deeply as you can and I'll keep your testicles from smothering
Emma." she said.

Jake groaned deeply as Jen touched him and forced himself deeper into Emma's
mouth, fearing he would lose his load right then and there.  He finally managed
to control the impulse and slowly began working himself deeply into Emma's
throat as cool fingers kept a gentle but firm hold on his testicles.  Emma
opened her mouth wide, gagging a bit as the head of his penis pressed against
her throat. He withdrew a bit to give her a chance to breath and was surprised
when Jen tugged at his testicles in such a way that he was obliged to press
forward into Emma's mouth or risk a painful sensation.

"Excellent!"  Dr. Hahn said, indicating the monitor that showed a definite
change in the relaxation of Emma's vaginal muscles.  "Keep going Jake."  He
urged, which prompted Jen to squeeze Jake's testicles a bit to spur him on.

Jake continued plowing into Emma's mouth, pressing deeply at times until she
gagged a bit and then pulling back only to be urged forward again by Jen's hand.

"Oh ... "  Jake gasped softly as he released deep into Emma's mouth.  He kept
his penis in her mouth as Jen did not release him, instead she pressed her
fingers in a massaging motion at the base of his testicles that sent a shudder
through him and seemed to extend the time of his release.  Finally Jen let go
and he sat suddenly on a nearby chair as his legs threatened to give way.

"As you can see Jake, the data are what the data are."  Dr. Hahn said,
indicating the clear downward trend that indicated the state of relaxation of
Emma's vaginal muscles in direct proportion to the length of time he had been
pumping into and out of her mouth.  There was another sharp demarcation just as
he had climaxed into her.  "And sperm for some reason also has a relaxing
effect."

Jake nodded, still catching his breath from his most enjoyable climax.  "You
won't get any argument from me on that score, but I can't do this three times a
day!"  he exclaimed.

Dr. Hahn chuckled, "You won't need to.  As often as you can would be ideal and
for other times, we have some devices that will deliver a similar effect. 
You'll have access to our medical supply store for all that you will need."

"I've already phoned in the list of the basics you will need and of course, as
the pregnancy progresses, there may be other requirements.  What I would like to
do now is go over exactly what is expected of you both in the coming months." 
Dr. Hahn said, taking a seat between Emma's widely spread legs and moving the
probe around a bit before reaching for Emma's folder, thicker now that Jen had
added the various printouts from all the tests they had just run.  "Emma is in
great shape Jake and so we'll start with a basic course at first and we'll see
how things progress."

Jake nodded and smiled, holding Emma's hand as she lay there nearly naked, still
widely spread out, with Dr. Hahn sitting between her legs.  The scent of Emma's
arousal permeated the room and Jake inhaled deeply of her sweet arousal.  Her
vulva was coated in her own juices mingled with that of the lubricant used with
the speculum and probe.

"The first item is the fact that Emma does seem a bit modest and shy about basic
bodily functions and this can not be allowed to interfere with a successful
birth."  Dr. Hahn said firmly.

Jake nodded, "Yes, I'm aware of that.  Emma has always been rather shy though
I've been making some strides in helping her overcome those feelings.  Believe
me, when I first met her, there would be no way she would be this relaxed for
this kind of exam."

Dr. Hahn nodded, "I gathered that.  You seem to have this problem in hand and
I'll do my best to support your efforts in this by assigning a rather strict
midwife to you.  We do try to pair up midwives and couples based on their
emotional needs and I think Emma does need a firm hand so that she can become
more comfortable for herself."

Dr. Hahn looked over the numbers once more, running a finger down the column and
doing some mental calculations before looking up.  "I believe Jen explained to
you the very basics of our regimen, but I'll go into more detail now. All of
what I am to say to you will also be in the packet prepared for you to take
home."  Dr. Hahn smiled.

"Each week, Emma should have a thorough colon cleansing.  You will be supplied
with a colema board and before you leave today, Jen will demonstrate it's use to
you though there is a video included with the board in case you can't remember
all that we do here.  It is very important that this be done as it will in fact
strengthen Emma's colon and keep toxins from accumulating during the important
time of pregnancy.  The procedure will take from 45 minutes to about an hour."

Jake frowned in confusion, "Colema board?  I'm afraid I've never heard of such a
thing.  How will it cleanse Emma's colon?"

"It is a board that will allow Emma to recline with her bottom over the toilet
so that the cleansing solution can be easily disposed of.  This board has an
attached nozzle that is fed by a 5 gallon tank.  The thin tubing allows the
solution to flood deeply into Emma's colon while the speculum holds the anus
open so that the waste water can easily be discharged into the toilet with no
mess or fuss.  Unlike an enema, the solution is not to be retained or held in
any way. It is literally an internal colon shower."  Dr. Hahn explained.

"Oh, okay.  That makes sense."  Jake nodded, knowing that Emma would hate having
to endure that.

"But .. but .. "  Emma stuttered helplessly, increasingly frustrated that they
were talking about her as if she wasn't there.

Jen moved to stand by Emma's head and smiled, "You look like you are tensing up
again Emma.  It's time to demonstrate how our special medical device works in
keeping vaginal muscles relaxed." 

Jen opened a drawer and removed a sterile package.  She snapped on a fresh pair
of latex gloves and then opened the package.  She removed a clear plastic tube
that was roughly the shape and size of an short penis, slightly flattened and
the tube was filled with some gel.  Attached to the tube was a small plate that
held nylon straps which had a quick release snap and was adjustable.  Jen
adjusted the size to fit Emma and then pressed the tube against Emma's lips. 
Emma shook her head, "NO!"

"Now Emma, this isn't a good way to start your prenatal training."  Dr. Hahn
admonished, grabbing Emma's clitoris between her fingers and tugging sharply.

"Oooww ---"  Emma's startled cry of pain was silenced as Jen plunged the plastic
tube deeply into Emma's mouth and secured the strap snugly around the back of
Emma's head.

"This is the device you will need to use when you can't use your own penis for
the relaxation exercises.  As you can see, these units are sterile, disposable,
and quite effective.  We actually hold the patent on this device and it has
proven to be quite successful in our clients."  Dr. Hahn explained.

Jake nodded, "I have to say .. errr .. it looks rather like a sex toy.  I mean,
in function.  It does look medical, but well .. "

Dr. Hahn's chuckle interrupted Jake.  "Yes, I guess it does rather fill that
function despite it's medical purpose.  But back to what I was saying, a colon
cleansing, which will be demonstrated before you leave.  Once that has been
done, you can continue on to inducing a climax or three, the nipple stimulation
exercises.  The climaxes should be done three times a day, as well as the nipple
stimulation.  You will be given a video on the hundreds of ways to induce
climaxes as I don't want our clients getting bored or in a rut.  The climaxes
provide an enriched blood flow to the baby, as well as strengthens the uterus -
both are critical and we can't even begin to measure the beneficial nature of
the extra hormonal activity on the general environment of the baby."  Dr. Hahn
continued.

"Twice a day, both the birth canal and the rectum should be massaged and gently
stretched.  After the birth canal and rectum have been stretched, it is wise to
apply the oral treatment or the oral vaginal relaxer as Emma has on now.  The
reasons for this are obvious."  Dr. Hahn paused, looking over the file once
more.  "In addition to the exercises, there are some readings we need on a daily
basis.  You will be supplied with a portable probe that will record all the
readings.  You can then upload them to our network or put them on disk and turn
them in at each weekly visit.  The probe should be used with the sleeves and the
readings taken before and after each series of climaxes to ensure the efficacy
of the climatic experience in providing a nurturing environment for your baby. 
Apply the probe for 3 minutes prior to any activity and then for 10 minutes
after any such activity."  Dr. Hahn concluded.  "Any questions?"

Jake shook his head, though looked dismayed.  "That's rather a lot of work Dr.
Hahn."

"Yes, it is."  Dr. Hahn agreed, "But don't forget that we make provisions for
that.  You will be assigned a live-in midwife so that you don't have to assume
the entire burden yourself.  If it proves to be too much, we can tailor the
program so that you are more comfortable with it.  An option would be to have
Emma attend our day sessions here at the Institute where all her needs would of
course be taken care of."  Dr. Hahn offered.

Jake frowned in surprise, "Really?  You have day sessions here?"

Dr. Hahn chuckled, "Yes of course, though I may have forgotten to mention that. 
As you know, you are the first outside the Institute to take part in our
program."

"So what would a day session be?"  Jake asked curiously.

"It would be tailored to Emma's own particular interests but will always include
the therapy I spoke of, basics in baby care, assisting other young mothers,
learning by being around other mothers as well as lessons in pleasing men,
cooking, art, whatever else Emma might find interesting.  It's really an
excellent program and will make it much easier for you to enjoy Emma more fully
without feeling overburdened by the demands of our prenatal care."  Dr. Hahn
explained.

Jake nodded slowly, "This is sounding ideal as I do have to be away for several
weeks while I wrap up some business interests so that I can take off several
months to be with Emma towards birth and after."

"This might be a good way to go then."  Dr. Hahn agreed.  "Take the weekend to
think it over and let me know if this is an option you would like to pursue. 
And the day sessions can be for as long as you like.  Once you take time off,
you might find it easier to have our live-in midwife come to stay with you or
some combination of both.  It is our goal to make it as easy and enjoyable to
have a wonderful childbirth and our methods do provide that, but as you can see,
there is much work involved."

"Just to have this option is wonderful.  We don't have any family around, this
is our first and we've been wondering how people deal with this kind of stuff. 
We were not thrilled with the OBGYN we saw and definitely wanted no part of
that.  We were afraid we would have to go it alone until we saw your ad."  Jake
admitted.  "To have training in babycare as well as access to other new mothers
is a wonderful opportunity that doesn't seem to be available elsewhere."

Dr. Hahn nodded in agreement.  "That is quite true. In the old days, there were
mothers and grandmothers and aunts to help out, but sadly, I think that probably
added more stress as people just were never really open about birthing or the
female body anyway.  At our day sessions, there will be many young mothers, lots
of sunshine, activities, good food, relaxing atmosphere and if Emma wants to
skinny dip or sunbathe in the nude, she'll have lots of company.  If she wants
to explore her own sexuality, it will be encouraged rather than frowned upon. 
It really is a unique place."

"I have to admit, this is quite a relief to me.  I think I could manage the
schedule as we are committed to doing the best for our baby, but it is
comforting to have such support, a place to turn to in case I get sick, need to
deal with business or any other number of reasons.  Tell me Dr. Hahn, this day
program, do you have a live in program that we could use while I was out of town
on business?"  Jake asked.

Dr. Hahn nodded, "Oh yes, in fact, if you think you might be interested in the
day program, I can take you over to the Institute grounds and give you a grand
tour while Jen gives Emma her colon cleansing as it will take at least an hour
and I'm sure Jen will provide some other therapy for Emma as well which will
take even more time."

"I think that would be ideal."  Jake agreed, leaning over Emma now to ask, "Is
that okay with you dear?  I think you'll be in fine hands for the remainder of
your exam."

Emma nodded though didn't appear completely comfortable with the idea.

"She'll be just fine Jake, I promise to take good care of her while you're
checking out the Institute."  Jen promised.

Jake rose, "Well then, I'm certainly looking forward to the tour."

Dr. Hahn and Jake took their leave of Emma and Jen.

"So now Emma, it's time I removed that huge tube from your rectum so that I can
give you a thorough cleansing.  It will be really important to do this everyday
as it will strengthen your colon and detoxify you all in one easy step."  Jen
said brightly, moving to sit between Emma's widely spread legs.

"Guess I should leave the catheter in as it will be more comfortable for you in
case you need to go."  Jen mused, snapping on a pair of latex gloves and taking
hold of the probe that was still embedded in Emma's vagina.  She twisted it a
bit, knowing that she was causing more sensation inside Emma's already
overstimulated vaginal cavity.

Emma moaned softly, rocking her hips gently as Jen continued to toy with the
probe.  She carefully pulled back the clitoral hood that allowed Emma's clitoris
to spring forth, already erect. 

"Very nice."  Jen mused softly, "You really do need a bit of a trim, you'd be
ever so much more responsive.  Now, we just need a few more climaxes before I
can begin with your cleansing."  Jen added, letting her gloved fingers glide
around Emma's erect clit gently.

Emma moaned softly through the device in her mouth, rocking her hips more now as
Jen worked her fingers around increasingly faster, stimulating just the area
around the clitoris.  "I'll bet you want me to touch your clit now, don't you?" 
Jen asked softly.

Emma nodded desperately and grunting something Jen couldn't make out.  Jen
wiggled the probe a bit and continued her manual ministrations but still without
directly touching Emma's clitoris.

Jen let go of the probe and tugged at the tube that extended from Emma's rectum,
pulling it out slightly, to reveal the many raised nodules on it before pressing
it back in slowly, knowing that this sensation would be intense for Emma.  She
slowly worked the thick knobby tube in and out of Emma's anus while teasing the
engorged flesh around her clitoris.  Emma panted and moaned, but stopped bucking
her hips.

"I'll bet shy Emma actually cleaned herself out for this appointment, didn't
she?"  Jen quipped softly, watching as Emma blushed in response.

"Oh you must have been so embarrassed doing that."  Jen prompted still moving
the thick tube in and out of Emma's abused bottom.

Emma nodded briefly and moaned as Jen finally touched her engorged clitoris
softly and massaged it gently.  Emma groaned, again arcing wildly as her climax
overwhelmed her.  Jen stopped immediately, allowing the poor woman only one
climax and pulled the tube from Emma's anus.

"There, now we are ready for the colon cleansing demonstration."  Jen said
softly, dropping the disposable tube into the special trash receptacle.  Emma
groaned and shook her head.

"It's very necessary even though you did an excellent job of cleaning yourself
out."  Jen insisted, tugging gently on the probe before removing that as well.

Jen applied lubricant to the tips of her fingers and gently pressed them against
Emma's anal opening which was still quite open from the removal of the tube. 
"I'm just going to massage this lubricant a bit and then insert the anal
speculum and then the tube that will introduce water into your colon for your
cleaning."  Jen explained, getting in three fingers quite easily.  Emma groaned
again, rocking her hips as Jen's fingers violated her tender anal opening until
Jen was satisfied.  Jen then inserted the anal speculum that was specially
designed to hold the thin tube that would deliver the solution deeply into
Emma's colon.

Jen opened a sterile package that held the colon tube and carefully worked it
deep within Emma's bowels.  Jen then clamped it to the speculum and stood,
kicking the stool to the other side of the exam table and then pressing a button
that moved a part of the exam table away from Emma's bottom, leaving her
temporarily suspended by the knees and back, with her bottom exposed and hanging
in space.  Another section slid from the exam table and soon her bottom rested
on a cool surface and was encased by flexible plastic that would keep all the
effluent properly contained and directed to the waste chute below.

"There, quite comfortable and sanitary too, no need to worry about any odor or
splashing."  Jen commented as she began the flow of water.

"I'll just massage your tummy gently so that all the water works itself up where
it belongs to clean you out."  Jen said, gently working her hands over Emma's
abdomen.

Emma closed her eyes, her face flaming as the water entered her bowels.  She
could not control either the incoming or outgoing liquids and hoped it would be
over soon.

-=-=-=-=-

"The main grounds are right around the corner, no need for the car."  Dr. Hahn
explained, indicating that Jake should follow him down the path.  "It's quite
convenient this way."

"It's beautiful. I'd noticed the grounds as we drove up, but didn't know they
were connected to the clinic.  I figured it was just an office building
encroaching on an old estate."  Jake remarked, already liking the relaxing
atmosphere of the green grass, the many flowerbeds and the clusters of grand old
trees that dotted the landscape and shielded the main house from the office.

"It is an old estate, dating back over 100 years.  Huge walled gardens, swimming
grottoes, patios and room for 75 people to live comfortably though we don't have
that many there these days except for special celebrations."  Dr. Hahn replied.

"Wow!  Always wondered how the other half lived." Jake mused.

Dr. Hahn chuckled, "I suspect you are in for quite a treat."

Within minutes Dr. Hahn led Jake into the old manor house.  It was an imposing
stone structure with many windows and balconies.  As Dr. Hahn closed the door
behind them, several women appeared, smiling and laughing.

"Dr. Hahn!"  they chorused happily, coming to kneel in front of him.

Jake stared in surprise.  There were 5 women, all scantily clad in diaphonous
bits of fabric that did little to disguise that they were women and two were in
advanced stages of pregnancy.

"Hello girls, you may rise.  This is Mr. Jackson, our first outside client. 
I've come to show him the grounds as his wife may be joining us for day sessions
or even a short term stay as he wraps up some business."  Dr. Hahn explained.

"Welcome Mr. Jackson!"  they all said, bowing slightly to him.

"Hello ladies."  Jake said in surprise, still not sure where to let his eyes
rest and definitely reaction to the sight of the women in their half naked
state.

"We hope we have the pleasure of serving you in the future."  They giggled,
aware of his unease.

"Uh, Thank you, I'll look forward to that."  Jake replied, wondering exactly
what they meant.

"Come along then girls and let's show Mr. Jackson all we have to offer."  Dr.
Hahn said, leading the way through the main double-doors at the end of the huge
foyer.

"The girls that live here are quite special in many respects.  Most don't have
homes of their own, discarded by society or their husbands at some point.  In
some respects, this place is much like a nunnery of old, a sanctuary for women
who do not wish to live in society or simply have no where else to go.  As you
can see, they thrive here and it is a much more nurturing place than a homeless
shelter or living on welfare."  Dr. Hahn explained as they passed into a huge
room in which even more women were studying, reading, reclining or chatting in
small groups.

The looked up and nodded when they entered and then resumed their activities. 
"This used to be the main living room I suppose, used for entertaining or
parties.  Of course these days, we use it as a lounge where the women can relax,
study, chat, play games or anything else that is of interest to them."  Dr. Hahn
explained. 

Jake counted no less than 8 women and the room was big enough to hold another
dozen and each would still have their own space and privacy from others.  These
women were also casually clad, though their clothing didn't appear to be as
revealing as the 5 women who had greeted them.  Most wore simple sundresses.

"So, this is more a shelter for women than a clinic?"  Jake asked.

Dr. Hahn chuckled and shook his head.  "No, it began simply as a place for
natural childbirth, outside of a hospital setting that is so unsettling to women
and in my view the worst possible place to begin a new life.  Why should a
healthy woman and baby go to a place that is filled with disease and death to
bring forth a new generation?  How many medical problems we take for granted as
'normal' are caused by surrounding a helpless infant with hideous germs,
institutional smells and substandard food and care?  It was my own vision to
provide luxurious surroundings to celebrate the birth of a new child, a new life
where the care was non-invasive, supportive and welcoming.  In the process of
gathering together midwives, nurses and other personnel to run this
establishment, I found a wonderful resource in women who had no where else to
go.  It has worked out fabulously in all regards.  This is in essence a school,
a training center, a birthing clinic and an outreach center, but all with the
focus of providing a new kind of life for women.  Now that we've grown, trained
our personnel and have proven results, we aim to expand our offerings to the
public."

"Oh, great idea!"  Jake agreed, "It's a welcome vision from my perspective."

"I'll show you the rooms that we use for overnight stays."  Dr. Hahn said,
leading the way up a grand staircase that led to the second floor.

Upstairs, the corridor was wide, well carpeted and decorated luxuriously. 

"There are 20 bedrooms in this part of the house and these are open to our
transient guests."  Dr. Hahn said, opening the doubledoors of one room.

The men entered and Jake whistled in surprise at the opulence of the room.  It
held a huge four poster bed, a very large sitting area with a fireplace, French
doors leading to a wide balcony and a very large bath room that held a sunken
whirlpool tub, bidet, toilet, shower, two low couches and a vanity table.

"This is impressive!"  Jake said.  "You mean Emma would get to give birth in
this room?"

Dr. Hahn nodded, "Exactly.  You can have dinner sent up, champagne for
afterwards.  Relax with a roaring fire if it's cold, sit on the balcony if it's
warm.  You would be helped by several women who are knowledgeable in babycare as
well as get support for your wife in the case of the baby blues, fatigue or
anything else that Emma might experience - though I will say that the women who
birth here rarely have those kinds of issues taken for granted in hospital
births."

Jake nodded, "I can imagine.  What else do the girls do here?"

Dr. Hahn smiled, "They also give the father the attention that he deserves,
something that is completely overlooked in any other setting.  You will be cared
for, served, your any wish fulfilled."

Jake raised his brows in surprise, "Any wish?  Do you mean of a sexual nature?"

Dr. Hahn nodded, "Of course, but includes many other things from laundering your
clothing, serving you food and drink, massaging your tired feet from all the
pacing you've done."

Jake nodded,  "Wow!"

"Yes, wow."  Dr. Hahn agreed.  "We here at the Institute have a very different
view of life than most today.  It's really a world apart, but a much better one
in my opinion.  The women here respect men and see it as their place to make
them happy, most especially on the occasion of the birth of their children."

Jake nodded, his head swimming with visions of all that Dr. Hahn suggested.

"You mentioned training at some point.  Does that refer to medical training?  Or
something else?"  Jake asked.

"It refers to both medical training and philosophical training.  We make a point
of educating women about the joys of service to their husbands or partners, to
learn all they can of their own sexuality and how to really fulfill both
themselves and their husbands.  It is sad that no such training is available in
our culture, except for this place."

Jake nodded and sighed thoughtfully, "So if Emma were to come here, she would be
encouraged to explore herself freely and would learn how to be more pleasing to
me?"

Dr. Hahn nodded.

"Wow."  Jake exclaimed softly as Dr. Hahn led the way back downstairs and out
through large French doors to a wonderful garden where several women lounged,
naked, in shaded arbors.  They waved as the men walked by.

"As you can see, it's very stress free here, women able to relax and learn with
no pressure from outside sources.  I've seen many women totally blossom here." 
Dr. Hahn said as they walked the grounds past women gardening, swimming in the
grottos and just reading in the shade.

"The fees must be quite steep for this level of luxury."  Jake remarked.

"Not as much as you might imagine.  This entire Institute is actually
self-sustaining as it is funded by a private foundation.  This year is our first
attempt to draw in the general public and that is more to share what we've
learned than to actually turn some kind of additional profit.  As our first
outside client, I would even offer you a significant discount in exchange for
being able to promote our ideas and services to the public by way of an
endorsement."  Dr. Hahn replied.

"That makes sense.  So what kinds of fees are we speaking of here?"  Jake asked.

"Our standard fee for the actual prenatal care and delivery are pretty much the
norm for the area and amounts to $2,500 which should be covered by your
insurance plan as we are an accredited home birthing center now.  If Emma were
to attend our day sessions, we would charge you $250 a week and for overnight
stays, the rate would be $350 a week.  If Emma chose to participate in some way,
whether by teaching, cooking, caring for newborns or for other mothers who might
not be ambulatory, those rates could be reduced."

Jake nodded, "Not as steep as I had feared, especially if Emma can work in some
capacity to reduce the amount.  I think this place would be ideal for her and
would love for her to at least attend day sessions throughout her pregnancy and
I would have need of several weeks worth of overnight stays."

Dr. Hahn nodded, "I quite understand.  I do agree that this would be quite
beneficial for you both and there are various options available to make that
possible."

"I'd like to go ahead and arrange it then."  Jake decided.  "What's involved to
get Emma into the day program beginning on Monday and to arrange for overnight
visits when I go out of town in two weeks?"

"We can head back to the clinic and do all the paperwork there."  Dr. Hahn
suggested, leading the way back round to the front of the rambling old manor
house and down the walk to the offices.

-=-==-=-

"How's that feeling for you Emma?"  Jen asked, turning off the flow of water and
carefully removing the anal speculum before also removing the colon tube.

Emma grunted and nodded.

"Oh!  I forgot about that."  Jen laughed, finishing up and removing her gloves
to snap on a fresh pair.  "I'll take that out now as I think you're quite
relaxed now."

She unbuckled the oral vaginal relaxer and tossed it into the trash.  "There you
go, here's some water for you."  Jen said, handing Emma a bottle of water.

Emma drank gratefully.  "Thanks.  That was quite odd, I don't think I've ever
heard of such a thing."  she said once she had her fill.

Jen nodded, "Many of our procedures are new, cutting edge if you will, but
backed by hard scientific data.  It is well known that pacifiers soothe children
because they press on a certain part of the roof of the mouth that is somehow
linked to security and comfort.  It works that way with adults as well, much to
the surprise of the scientists."

"Oh, I didn't know that."  Emma replied.

Jen nodded, "We keep in contact with a great many scientists who study the
brain, the nervous system as well as those who specialize in the reproductive
process."

"Sounds quite ... scientific."  Emma said softly.  "It's just odd .. that it
seems so sexual and all."  She finally added in a quick stutter as if afraid to
say it.

Jen chuckled and nodded, "That is very true. So much of our adult lives are
deeply entwined with our sexuality.  In today's culture, there is so much
confusion, so much ignorance and that in turns causes many odd ideas to be
formed and worse, accepted.  You can thank the Puritans for our backward views
on sexuality today but at least it's all finally being challenged."

Emma nodded, "Yes, I've sort of wondered at times, if I was just strange or if
the world was."

Jen smiled, "In what way?"

Emma looked acutely uncomfortable at the question and hesitated before
answering.  "Well, it's hard to explain really.  I guess my modesty which Jake
always seems to think is silly.  And ... well, the urges I have sometimes I
guess."  Emma confessed.

"What kinds of urges?"  Jen asked, moving to stand between Emma's widely spread
thighs.  She carefully removed the catheter and then helped Emma remove her legs
from the stirrups and to sit up.

Emma blushed, "Well, this stuff.  I mean, I got really excited about all you did
and it doesn't seem right as it's just a medical exam, but I obviously found it
sexually exciting and to be honest .. "  Emma paused again, blushing deeply, "I
am looking forward to ... other exams and all we have to do at home ... the
stimulation, the probe and taking the readings."

Jen nodded, putting her arm around Emma's shoulders, "Emma, there's nothing at
all wrong with that feeling.  It's good for you!"  she said, giving Emma another
squeeze before pushing the partially open gown aside to examine Emma's breasts.

Emma cringed and was rewarded with a stern look from Jen.  "Now Emma, your
breasts must be examined.  Do you do self-exams?"

Emma nodded.

"Well, they are pretty worthless."  Jen laughed, grasping Emma's breast firmly
and massaging it gently before moving to the other one.

"But it's important, isn't it?"  Emma protested softly.

"It is if you know what you are looking for, if your breasts are small enough
and if you clearly know how they change over the course of a menstrual cycle.
For the most part though, because women aren't properly educated, they are
pretty worthless."  Jen explained as she continued to manipulate Emma's breasts,
though avoiding the nipples.

"Have you felt an breast tenderness yet?"  Jen asked.

"Yes, that's what made me suspect actually.  They usually feel a bit heavy just
before my period, but then I missed my period and they began to ache!"  Emma
laughed.

Jen nodded, "Yep, that's the way it works."

"How far are you along?"  Emma asked curiously.

"Oh, about 7 months now."  Jen said, rubbing her belly gently.  "Want to hear
the baby?"

Emma nodded and Jen moved to get the stethoscope and opened her lab coat to
reveal a bare belly peeking from beneath a short T-shirt over a low rise skirt.

Emma chuckled, "I guess it's much cooler that way?  I'd wondered about the
really high funny looking pants and huge blouse tops."

Jen nodded, "There's no way I'm wearing those and my lab coat too in the
summer!"  Jen places the stethoscope over her belly, listening intently until
she found just the right spot.

"Here .. " she said softly, transferring the ear pieces to Emma.

Emma listened, hearing the heartbeat and nodded.  "Cool!  I can't wait until I
can hear mine!"

Jen put the stethoscope away and grinning, "You'll be amazed.  I enjoy being
preggers, even when I get so big that I can't move around easily or get
comfortable sleeping!"

"Oh, this isn't your first?"  Emma asked.

Jen shook her head, "Nope it's my third."  She grinned.  "My husband and I love
the idea of having a house full of kids."

"Wow, you have been busy!"  Emma chuckled.  "I agree though, I want lots of kids
too."

Jen nodded, indicating that Emma could put her clothing back on now.

Emma complied though was much less shy now than when she had arrived for her
appointment.  "Uh Jen?"  Emma began softly, "Can I ask a question?"

"Of course Emma, always feel free to ask any question, even if you think it
might be silly."  Jen assured her.

"What you and Dr. Hahn said about ... well, not being right down there."  Emma
said, indicating her pubic area.  "You know, the inner labia and circumcision
thing?"

"Yes?"  Jen prompted gently.

"Well, is it really true?  Could I get them ... well .. you know .. fixed?"

Jen smiled and nodded, "Yes, by all means.  Why do you think we recommended it?"

Emma shook her head helplessly.  "I thought it was .. vanity or something, that
maybe I was trying to .. well, just look nicer down there.  I mean, I'd heard
some things, but all in a negative way about that kind of thing but if it would
be easy, I would love to look nice down there."

Jen nodded, "It isn't an issue of vanity, it's just fixing things that have gone
a bit awry.  Sometimes we develop in ways that aren't that good and it's within
our power to correct them.  It would be silly to accept something like that if
you had the choice to change it."

"Oh good."  Emma said in a whisper.  "I have to admit, I wondered why there was
such an uproar against such things and I know what's done in third world
countries is different that what's done here but people seem not to see the
difference."

Jen nodded, "Exactly the ignorance and Puritan attitudes I've been talking
about."  she said with a smile.  "I can let Dr. Hahn know that you want it done. 
Will your husband mind?"

Emma shook her head, "I think he'd like it too actually, especially if he can
watch."  Emma giggled.

Jen chuckled and nodded her head, "Yes, you do have a wonderful husband there."

Just then the door to the examination room opened and both Dr. Hahn and Jake
entered, both looking pleased.

"Emma, it's a lovely place."  Jake said, wrapping his arms around Emma and
kissing her on the nose before releasing her. "I've signed you up to begin going
to day sessions on Monday."

Emma smiled, "Oh.  Okay."

Jen and Dr. Hahn both looked pleased and Jen spoke up, "Oh, Dr. Hahn, you'll
need to schedule Emma for the labial trimming, she's decided she would like to
go ahead and do that, with her husband's permission of course."  Jen said,
smiling up at Jake.

Jake nodded, looking surprised.  "You sure Emma?"  he asked.

Emma nodded, looking embarrassed again.  "Yes, I think it's best.  It is painful
at times and well, it looks terrible sometimes too."  She said hesitantly, not
wanting to have to justify her decision.

"I think it's important and I'm glad you chose to go ahead with it as I would
have eventually insisted."  Jake replied softly.

"You would?"  Emma asked in surprise.

"Of course.  I was willing to give you time to do the research for yourself, but
I've long thought that you could benefit from such a procedure though I knew you
would be hesitant because of your shyness about such issues."  Jake explained.

"Oh!"  Emma exclaimed, blushing again.  "I guess .. well, I feel comfortable
with Jen and Dr. Hahn and so .. it would be different than just going someplace
strange and having to talk to people I didn't otherwise know."

Jake smiled, "So, we're all in agreement then."

Dr. Hahn nodded, "We could take care of it on Monday actually, as part of the
day session."

Emma nodded and Jake smiled.  "Excellent.  So we'll see you on Monday then?" 
Jake said.

"About 8 AM, right here at the clinic and then Jen will take Emma over to the
Institute and introduce her around as we don't have any clinic hours on Mondays
anyway."  Dr. Hahn explained.



On Monday, Jake accompanied Emma to the clinic.  Emma was feeling shy once more
though Jake assured her that he would stay most of the day with her to help her
get used to the place and to be present for the trimming of her labia.

They were greeted warmly by both Jen and Dr. Hahn.  "So then, all ready?  The
actual procedure is quite quick and relatively painless."  Dr. Hahn smiled.

Emma nodded, "Yes, I think I'm ready though I'm a bit nervous."  She replied,
holding onto Jake's hand firmly.

Jen smiled, "No need to be nervous though I understand.  Let's get you out of
your clothing and into a little gown and then we'll get you all set up on the
exam table."  Jen instructed firmly.

Emma shyly removed her clothing until she was completely naked and only then did
Jen hand her a gown to slip on.  Emma shrugged it on quickly and Jake helped her
get settled on the exam table where Jen spread Emma's legs wide and secured them
into the stirrups.

"Now then Jake, did Emma have a cleaning this morning as instructed?"  Dr. Hahn
asked, snapping on a pair of gloves.

"Oh yes, I made sure of it."  Jake replied, smiling down at Emma.

Jen moved to open a fresh oral vaginal relaxer and pressed it deeply into Emma's
mouth, stroking her forehead gently briefly before moving to assist Dr. Hahn in
gathering his tools.  Within minutes they were ready and Jake took a position at
Emma's side so that he could both hold her hand and see her widely splayed
vulva.

Emma closed her eyes, feeling much too shy to keep them open for this procedure.

Jake watched curiously as Jen swabbed Emma's genital area thoroughly with a
disinfectant and then passed Dr. Hahn a prepared syringe.  "Now Emma, you'll
feel three little pinches as we inject a bit of topical anesthetic to your inner
labia and clitoral prepuce.  After that though, you should only feel a bit of
tugging as we work to remove the excess tissue and apply a few self dissolving
sutures.

Dr. Hahn carefully injected the sites and while Emma flinched a bit, she
tolerated it well.

Jake watched, as usual, quite aroused to see many hands being intimate with his
wife as he looked on.  He could smell her arousal and knew that she was quite
excited about being in her situation, whether or not she would admit to such a
thing.

Emma moaned softly, trying not to rock her hips as she was afraid that would
ruin whatever they were going to do but feeling quite needy suddenly.  She
wished that Jake would rub her a little so that she could enjoy a climax.  She
was startled when she felt fingers suddenly doing just that!

"We'll have to stimulate her to full arousal to get a precise measurement for
where to trim.  We obviously don't want to take too much off, and of course, we
don't want to leave more tissue there than we need to."  Dr. Hahn explained as
Jen's gloved fingers began to lightly massage Emma's aroused vaginal area.

"This shouldn't take long Dr. Hahn."  Jen replied with a wide smile, "The
patient seems to be quite aroused already."

Emma blushed deeply at Jen's words, scrunching her eyes shut even tighter.

"There we go, look at that nice little erection."  Jen commented several moments
later as she massaged the shaft of Emma's clitoris to full erection.  Emma's
vaginal area was quite slick with juices.  Jen marked the area that would need
to be removed with a special marker and then lightly plucked at Emma's inner
labia, using a small ruler to measure and then marked that as well.

Emma felt the slight tugging, and her arousal was deep inside as the surface of
her skin was mostly numb.  She marveled at the sensations and let herself float,
imagining the scene and getting more and more aroused.

Jen applied a special clamp to the tissue along the lines she had just made and
Dr. Hahn picked up his scalpel and quickly cut the offending tissue away.  Jen
dabbed up the small bit of blood and Dr. Hahn finished up by applying the
sutures.  "There, now that wasn't so bad, was it?"  he remarked when he was
done, offering Emma a little mirror so she could look.

Emma shyly opened her eyes, looking down at her slightly modified genital area. 
She liked what she saw.  Her inner labia were even now and only slightly swollen
at the edges while her clit hood looked even better.  It was still partially
erect, but now instead of folds of skin obscuring it, there was only a small bit
that looked just right.  She smiled and nodded.

"Excellent.  I'll apply a little bandage and for the next few days it would be
best to urinate with a catheter so that no germs contaminate the area.  Jen can
help you with that as you'll be here anyway."  Dr. Hahn said, letting Jen take
his place between Emma's wide spread thighs.

Jen washed the area carefully and then inserted a catheter to drain Emma's
bladder into a collection bag.  Once it was empty, she disengaged the collection
bag and clipped the tube so that it extended only one inch from the urethral
opening.  "Rather than walking around with a bag slung around your leg all day,
I'll give you a valve that fits on the end and you can simply apply the valve,
open it and urinate normally into the toilet."  Jen explained with a smile,
"Though I'll be sure to give you this special germ killing wash after each
time."

Emma nodded, wondering when they would remove the gag from her mouth.  She found
it pleasant to suck on, imagining that it was the head of Jake's cock in her
mouth. It even tasted vaguely like semen.  She chuckled inwardly, thinking that
she was just too horny to be making any sense!

"So then, let's get Emma settled for the day."  Dr. Hahn said as Jen retrieved a
wheelchair and opened it up.

"Jake, because Emma will be a little bit sore between her legs, she'll spend
most of the day confined to a wheelchair in the ambulatory area of the Institute
which is different than the regular day program."  Dr. Hahn explained, lifting
Emma from the exam table and gently placing her in the wheelchair.

Jake smiled and nodded, "I understand completely, I'm glad that you will be
taking such good care of her."  He took over pushing the wheelchair, kissing the
top of Emma's head as they filed out of the exam room.  "Now I can control where
you go!"  he teased her with a chuckle.

Emma grunted and indicated that she still had the gag thing in her mouth.  Dr.
Hahn intervened, "That should stay in a while so that you stay relaxed after
your surgery.  Jen will remove it later, just sit back and enjoy us taking care
of you."  he said in a fatherly way.  Jen nodded and smiled, "Indeed, in about
an hour I'll remove it."

Emma shook her head and closed her eyes, relaxing into the chair despite being
mostly naked with just the short gown on which was open in the front.  Jen
draped a lap blanket over Emma's legs.

They walked in a leisurely fashion over to the east side of the house, which
Jake hadn't toured last Friday.  "This is our ambulatory care unit which
basically means that it is staffed with nurses as the women here require some
kind of care or therapy.  Emma will spend both today and tomorrow here, and
perhaps Wednesday depending on how the healing between her legs is going."  Dr.
Hahn explained as they walked.

"I'll be spending the day with Emma to get her situated.  I'll introduce her to
the activities she can be a part of, perhaps listen to some music, have a
massage, keep her aroused and cleaned."  Jen said with a smile.

"At which time will our own midwife be assigned?"  Jake asked.

"We can actually decide that today.  We currently have three available and you
can interview them all since you will be here most of the day.  Sounds like you
won't have much time later on and we should take care of that so Emma can get
comfortable with her."  Jen replied.

"If they are all as wonderful as you have been, it will be a nearly impossible
choice."  Jake replied with a chuckle.

"They are all wonderful women.  I'll be serving Emma anytime she is here at the
Institute but you will need someone to go home with you each evening.  If you
like the ones you'll be interviewing, we can have them each help Emma and see
how you feel about Emma's care to make the final choice."  Jen explained as they
meandered through the lovely grounds.

"I would highly recommend Audrey as she is quite firm and will brook no undue
modesty."  Dr. Hahn suggested.

Jen nodded, "I was thinking she would be best as well."

"Audrey?"  Jake asked curiously.

"Yes, she's quite experienced and quite the looker too.  She'll be able to be
quite strict with Emma while serving you in every way.  She's incredibly
talented."  Jen said with a smile.

Jake smiled, "This is sounding better and better."

Jen and Dr. Hahn chuckled as they led the way to large double-doors that opened
automatically to a wide corridor.  They were greeted by a uniformed nurse,
"Hello Dr. Hahn, Jen."  The woman said with a wide smile.

"This is Jake and Emma Jackson."  Jen said introducing the couple to the nurse. 
"Emma has just had a bit of surgery and so will be spending several days with us
before moving to the day treatment center."

"Very pleased to meet you."  the nurse said, bowing slightly to Jake.  "I hope I
can be of service to you."

Jake smiled, "I'm sure you will be, thank you."

"Let's go find a room for Emma and we'll get you guys settled in and then show
you around this part of the Institute."  Jen said cheerily.

"I'll catch up with you folks later as I have rounds to make."  Dr. Hahn said,
taking the folder the nurse handed him.

Jen led the way down the large hall which was much more clinical looking than
the rooms Jake saw previously.  The halls were deserted so Jake saw little other
than closed doors with numbers on them and the occasional piece of medical
machinery of which he couldn't even imagine uses for next to some of the closed
doors.

"Here we are."  Jen said, indicating room 212, and then pushing the door open so
that Jake could wheel in Emma.

The room was a typical looking hospital room except that the bed was wider,
full-sized, and there was a very comfortable recliner and end-table along with a
huge rack of DVDs and oversized television set. 

"Here you are."  Jen said, opening another door within the room that revealed a
luxurious bathroom complete with sunken tub, bidet as well as the usual stall
shower and toilet.  Jen checked her watch and looked dismayed.  "Get settled
here for a bit, try out the television and DVDs - they are all erotic, some
explain exercises, others offer ideas for inducing climax, all that kind of
stuff.  I have to nurse my babies but I'll be back in an hour."  Jen said,
breezing out of the room in a hurry.  As she turned to close the door both Emma
and Jack could see that the front of her uniform was wet around the nipple area.

Jake smiled, "No problem, I'm sure we'll enjoy the movies."

The door closed and Jake smiled at Emma, who was still wearing the oral vaginal
relaxer.  "I really like that look on you."  he chuckled, parting the open gown
she was wearing to reveal her breasts.  "And I think once I put a movie in, I'll
have to do the Hoffman exercises that were prescribed."

Emma shook her head, her eyes wide and grunted something.

"Now Emma, you know what the doctor said."  Jake reminded her sternly, reaching
out to roll her nipples briefly before checking the movie selection.  Emma tried
to slap his hand away and was rewarded with a hard pinch to each of her nipples
that made her cry out in surprise.  Her eyes clearly revealed her anger at his
tactics but Jake just smiled and checked the titles of the DVDs.

After a minute he selected a particularly interesting looking title and started
it up, moving to sit on the bed with Emma so that he could sit behind her,
wrapping his legs around her thighs and so his hands could easily cup her
breasts and toy with her nipples.  She again tried to slap his hands away and
Jake quickly grabbed her wrists and then moved her hands behind her back.  He
held her wrists firmly with one hand despite her struggles and then removed his
tie and tied them together tightly.  "That should teach you a little lesson
Emma.  I won't have you doing anything that will negatively affect the baby and
its environment."

Emma grunted angrily, trying to free herself from the rudimentary bonds, but was
unable to because of the excellent knots and the awkwardness of her position. 
Jake knew full well that she would be mortified if Jen or another staff member
returned to see her like this.  He picked up the remote and began the movie and
settled down to rub and pinch her nipples briskly.  Emma squirmed and tried to
fight it, but he knew that soon she would succumb to the sensations and become
the squirming slut he knew her to be.

He kept his eyes on the movie as he toyed with her nipples.  The scene opened
with a young expectant couple meeting a midwife presumably in their home.  The
midwife was young and pretty and at an advanced stage of pregnancy, but without
all the awkwardness normally associated with the later stages.  She was dressed
in a simple white gauzy kind of sundress that clearly revealed her swollen
breasts and huge dark nipples.

"Mmmm, look at those gorgeous nipples."  Jake said softly into Emma's ear.

Emma moaned softly, rocking her hips lightly as Jake continued to roll and pluck
at her nipples, stretching them out rubbing some more.  He felt his own cock
harden against Emma's squirming hands.  He'd forgotten to turn up the sound and
so could not hear what was being said, but the sight of the nearly naked women
was enough to make him begin to think about the midwife that would be assigned
them and all they would do to Emma whether she wanted it or not. 

He smiled when he saw the midwife demonstrate the proper way to take the
measurements with that wand that had to go into the vagina to measure the
contractions and blood flow and such.  "You'll love that, won't you Emma?" he
asked, "Having me take all your measurements with you spread wide for me.  And
I'll keep you clean shaven and this time, you can't deny me."

Emma moaned softly, her hips still rocking back and forth.

"And I'm really, really liking this oral cunt relaxer."  He grinned, knowing how
she hated him using that kind of language.  "And when we're not using that, I'll
be shoving my hard cock down your throat and now you'll be able to enjoy it
without guilt because it's best for baby."

He began to rub his erection against her bound hands, not caring if it left a
wet spot on his trousers.  If he could, he'd take her right now.  He recalled
that he was supposed to be stimulating her to climax as often as possible but
couldn't figure out how to do that without disturbing her sutures.

Jack and Emma squirmed, teasing each other as the movie went on to the nipple
exercises, and then a few examples of how to induce climax in the woman.  He
watched, familiar with most of the techniques but then sat up to watch as the
midwife proceeded to show the husband how to induce an anal climax in his wife. 
He vaguely know this was possible, but had little idea if it really worked with
only anal stimulation.  He had been under the impression that anal play was
simply an accessory to regular stimulation but the movie seemed to indicate
otherwise.  There was no contact with the woman's vagina and the midwife was
demonstrating some deep anal massage that had the woman squirming quite hard. 
The movie cut to an animation that detailed the structure of the anal area in
relation to the reproductive organs just around or on top of the colon.  Jake
watched with interest and slowly disengaged himself from Emma to look around the
room for some supplies.  Right in the beside table was a box of latex exam
gloves, a large bottle of lubricant and other small bottles that were all some
kind of oils.

Jake snapped on a pair of latex gloves, grabbed the lubricant and knelt on the
bed between Emma's legs.  He used his own legs to keep hers wide apart and
applied a generous dollop of lubricant to his gloved fingers.  Emma was shaking
her head in denial, trying to move away but he slapped her inner thighs hard. 
"You know we have to do this.  I can see the midwife is going to have to be
really stern with you. In fact, I'm wondering if I'm going to have to tie you up
for each exercise session."  Jake warned.

Jake pressed his well lubricated fingers against her anal opening and pushed
gently until two fingers popped in comfortable.  He pressed more deeply, trying
to feel around and compare her interior to what he had seen of the animated
drawing.  He found her internal sphincter and began to massage that,
concentrating on pressing his fingers upwards as Emma was still on her back.  He
decided that next time, he would have her on all fours so he could get more
leverage.

Emma moaned, closing her eyes and rocking her hips as if to get his fingers in
deeper.  Her moans were low and primal, a sound he rarely heard from her except
when she was very far gone.  He noted that she spread her own thighs wider,
thrusting herself down onto his fingers quite vigorously now.

Jake smiled and continued, knowing she was building to something quite intense. 
He moved his other hand to massage her mound just above the clitoris, hoping the
motion would stimulate her clitoris just enough to send her over the edge
without causing any pain.  He noted that her clitoris was wonderfully erect and
quite visible, a big change from how it used to be.

Emma's moans continued and Jake grinned to see her so wild with abandon.  He
toyed with the idea of leaving her in this state, refusing her climax but knew
that she had to have them now, for the baby's sake.  He carefully placed a
finger gently on the tip of her erect clitoris and slowly moved his finger in a
delicate circle.  That was all Emma needed to go over the edge and her entire
body convulsed on one huge arc as she groaned deeply into the gag.  Her legs
spasmed, her entire body shook as wave after wave of sensation pulsed through
her body.  After what seemed like minutes, she lay there panting, moaning
softly.  Jake cradled her in his arms, "Good girl!  What a climax!"  he
exclaimed softly.

There was a soft knock at the door and Jen returned, looking flushed and happy. 
"So, have you enjoyed the movie so far?"  she asked, stepping up to the bed.

"It's time for Emma's ... "  Jen paused, noticing Emma's bound hands, the deep
flush of her entire body and the soft moans.  "Well, I guess I didn't need to
remind you."  she smiled.  "Seems like you've given Emma a wonderful climax and
from the erect state of her nipples, I'd always say you did the nipple
exercises.  Excellent."  Jen said, moving a panel from the wall and withdrawing
the ultrasound wand that was to be used to get the measurements.

"But you did forget to take the measurements."  Jen admonished, sitting on the
edge of the bed and quickly slipping a sterile sleeve over the wand and adding a
dollop of lubricant.  "Let's see what's going on inside Emma's vagina."  Jen
said, slipping the wand deeply into Emma's vagina and turning to watch the
monitor that appeared from another panel in the wall.  Jen moved the wand around
slowly as Emma began to moan softly again.

"Okay, looking good.  Nice blood and hormone flow, still some spasms going on. 
Excellent."  Jen said, interpreting the many different readings as she moved the
wand around in slow circles.  "Jake, let's have a bit of nipple stimulation and
see if that affects the readings."

Jake complied immediatley, reaching out to roll Emma's nipples between his
fingers.  Emma tried to roll away from Jake's touch and was rewarded by a slap
on the thigh from Jen.  "Now Emma, you know you aren't allowed to do that."  she
said sternly.

Emma moaned, shaking her head and scrunching her eyes closed once more.

"Okay Jake, keep going, really work those nipples while I get these readings." 
Jen said, noting how flushed Emma was, how engorged her entire vulva was.  "Yes,
we're getting something now.  Excellent."  Jen said, beginning to move the wand
in and out of Emma's vaginal opening, emulating the motion of a penis pumping in
and out.

"I do think Emma's building towards another climax Jake.  Watch those readings
there,"  Jen pointed to the monitor and kept moving the wand.  "Her nipples are
amazingly reactive and we'll have to take that into consideration as we fine
tune Emma's program here.  It might be possible that she can climax with nipple
stimulation alone."

Jake chuckled, "Yes, she's always been quite sensitive here which is why she
often does not welcome my touching her there."

"Well, that will have to change.  It is most unseemly for a woman to deny her
husband such a simple thing.  I don't know what Emma has been taught, but that
is most inappropriate and I'll leave a note to Audrey to work on that negative
behavior."  Jen said.

Jake nodded thoughtfully, thinking about how much they would work with Emma to
be more pleasing.  He had often fantasized about such training, but had no idea
it really existed, that others would feel as he did.  He would have to talk to
Jen and Dr. Hahn privately and find out just how much he could expect and to
encourage them to do all they can in that regard.

Jake leaned over to take Emma's nipple in his mouth, knowing that it would drive
her crazy and probably climax once more.  He sucked vigorously, working his
tongue and using his teeth lightly to really draw out her nipple and work it.

Emma groaned and arched again, bucking her hips hard as if fucking the wand!

Both Jake and Emma exclaimed, "Good girl!" at the same time and laughed as they
realized it.

Jake cuddled Emma once more as she shuddered and moaned through her climax.

Jen concentrated on the readings, still moving the wand as Emma slowly relaxed.

"Jake, if you could just remove that gag and replace it with your penis please,
just like we did in the office on your first visit?"" Jen instructed.

Jake opened his pants and positioned himself so that he could enter Emma's
mouth.  He then removed her gag and replaced it with his penis before Emma could
even say a word.  Her mouth was hot and ready and he happily slid the entire
length of his cock as far as it would go, holding Emma's head firmly between his
hands as he did so.

She choked and gagged a little, so he backed off for a moment before sliding it
deeper once more, enjoying the sensation of her throat grasping the head of his
cock in that way.

Jen nodded, "Excellent.  I'm getting some very good readings here.  Keep going."

Jake didn't need Jen's encouragement and continued pumping in and out of Emma's
hot tight mouth, letting her choke and gag, then letting her breath for a bit
and repeating the process until he felt himself release deep into the back of
her mouth.  He panted softly, letting Emma suck out every last drop of semen
before withdrawing and replacing the gag, much to Emma's surprise.

"I told you, I like that look on you." he smiled, kissing her nose.

"Excellent work!"  Jen said in satisfaction, letting the wand rest inside Emma's
vagina as she took some notes of her own on the clipboard.

"I'll leave that in for ten minutes so it can record exactly what happens once
climax has been induced."  Jen said, smiling at them both.

"You are such a cute couple!"  Jen remarked, before continuing, "What I want to
do today since Emma has to spend some time here is to get accurate readings on
the changes of her breasts.  We have a special machine that can measure the
exact volume and composition of her breast tissue so that we have a base reading
for afterwards so that we know exactly how much milk she is producing for
optimal feeding of your baby.  Of course, this machine can also be used to
provide extra nipple stimulation as Emma really needs to be fast-tracked in that
regard.  Her continued reluctance to have her nipples worked is an issue we need
to address aggressively."

Jake nodded, "That sounds good to me.  I have not been able to understand why
she is so reluctant to have her nipples touched but if you can correct that
problem it would be a good thing all around."

Jen nodded, "Exactly."  Jen checked her watch.  "Okay, I can now remove the wand
as we have those readings but I'll be replacing it with another device that will
monitor the hormonal changes as the nipples are stimulated."  Jen gently removed
the wand from Emma's vaginal opening and then leaned in closer to check the
results of this morning's procedure.  "It looks so much better now."  she
concluded, after pulling Emma's labia apart to get a better look.  "The clitoris
is still protected by the smaller prepuce but can now freely emerge when aroused
and the inner labia will no longer protrude past the outer labia.  Looks like it
is healing quite well."

Jen rose, replacing all the equipment in the wall panels.  "I'll be right back
with the other machine and then Jake, I'd like to have a meeting with you as
Emma will be quite busy."

Jen left the room and returned moments later with one of those machines Jake had
noticed on their way to the room.  Jen began to open the panels, withdrew
various attachments and began to set it up.

"If you'll be so kind as to untie Emma as it must be uncomfortable in that
position."  Jen said to Jake.

Jake untied Emma's hands and held them while Jen sat on the bed and began to
prepare Emma for her time on the machine.

"Now then, I'll be placing these special cups over each breast.  What you'll
feel is your entire breast being cupped and then a light suction will draw them
fully into the cup.  There is an inner cup that will fit around the aureole and
nipple and a separate suction will be felt there as well as a pinching
sensation.  After the proper suction has been achieved, you'll feel a warm gel
and probably a tingling sensation.  We are using low level electrical pulses to
create a two way communication and reactive signals that will be sensitive to
Emma's own reactions so that we can stimulate as needed while getting the
results of that stimulation."  Jen explained, as she applied the large cups over
Emma's breasts.  Jen frowned, noting that the cups didn't fit well with Emma
laying down.

"For some clients, the shape of the breast makes it difficult for the machine to
be set correctly.  Emma, I'll have to have you get on all fours so that your
breasts are in a more natural shape and will fit properly into the cups.  I'll
get a large cushion so that you are supported."  Jen said, rising again, while
Jake helped Emma get on her hands and knees.

Jen returned with a rectangular cushion that fit beneath Emma, supporting her
abdomen comfortably while leaving her breasts and hips free.  She added a
another cushion that was contoured and firm so that Emma could rest her head and
arms on it, cradling her head comfortably.  "There, how's that?"  Jen asked once
Emma had been positioned.

Emma grunted and nodded, relaxing into position.

"Excellent."  Jen said, perching on the side of the bed once more to properly
attach the breast cups and then turned on the machine to begin the light
suction.

"There, we have that part of it all worked out.  Now the finishing touches." 
Jen said, pulling another wand shaped attachment from the machine.  "This will
go into Emma's vagina to measure the muscle contractions as well as the blood
and hormone flow."  Jen said, slipping a sterile sleeve over the wand which
looked very similar to the wand used previously.  Jen applied some lubricant to
the wand and chuckled as she began to insert it into Emma's vaginal opening. 
"Looks like I didn't really need the lubricant.  Emma is quite wet!"

Jake chuckled and nodded in agreement.  "She's always been very wet and lately,
even more so."

Jen nodded, "Early pregnancy does produce copious amounts of natural
lubrication."

"The last thing I need to do is to put a special probe into Emma's rectum and
then I can give her a headset to watch a movie so that she doesn't get too
bored."  Jen withdrew another attachment from the machine and applied a sterile
sleeve to it.  This attachment was more slender than the vaginal probe but had
other features.

"This is to provide some exercise to the sphincters to keep them healthy and
active."  Jen said, applying lubricant to the probe spreading Emma's bottom a
bit to place it at her anal opening.  Jen pressed gently and Emma seemed to back
herself onto the probe.  Jen smiled in satisfaction.  Soon the probe was deep
within Emma's anal opening.  "There, all set."  Jen said, noting that Emma was
already aroused again and rocking her hips gently against the probes and moaning
softly.

"Now then, I'm going to give Emma a special headset that will allow her to watch
and listen to a movie."  Jen said, withdrawing something that looked like a
streamlined Virtual Reality simulator.  She placed this over Emma's eyes and
made sure the ear plugs fitted neatly.  She then flipped a switch and soon Emma
was watching a 3-D movie immersion style.

Jake nodded, "I'd like to try that!"

Jen chuckled, "You can, any time.  Those DVDs on the rack are set up to operate
with this system.  Behind that panel are headsets for both of you.  It's a
wonderful experience to watch a movie with this system. It really seems as if
you are right in the middle of the action."

"Great!  I'm looking forward to that.  So, I guess it is time for our meeting?"
Jake asked.

Jen nodded, "Yes.  I wanted to discuss some of the finer details of Emma's
treatment and after that, introduce you to Audrey.  I hope that you find Audrey
suitable as she really is the most experienced in dealing with modesty issues."

Jake smiled, "I'm sure I will.  The women here seem to be very different from
those I know."

Jen nodded, "Yes, quite different.  Now, about Emma's treatment.  I was quite
pleased to see that you restrained her hands when she probably tried to deny you
access to her nipples."

Jake nodded, "I normally would probably not have been as assertive, but it you
and Dr. Hahn have underscored the importance of the nipple training so it seems
now that I'm more justified in making Emma do what I think she should be doing."

"That is exactly the right course of action.  Emma is terribly modest, and yet,
her reactions clearly indicate that she simply needs some motivation to be
opened, to be less inhibited.  She gets quite aroused when the issue is forced,
I don't know if you noticed that." 

Jake nodded thoughtfully, "I did notice that, even before we came here to the
Institute.  At home I sometimes insist on having my way, but felt somewhat
uncomfortable as she can get quite angry over being handled that way.  She
invokes all this rhetoric about having a right to her own body, having control,
and insisting that she refuses to be treated as a sexual object.  But to me, it
isn't exactly about her being a sexual object, but simply compliant to my
desires and needs as a natural condition of our relationship.  At times I feel
like a brute of a caveman, but honestly, I do believe that a marriage has some
inherent obligations on both our parts.  I provide and protect, she serves and
creates domestic harmony.  Is that so strange in this day and age?"  Jake asked.

Jen chuckled, "No, it shouldn't be and you'll be happy to know that the
philosophy that Dr. Hahn and I work with is based entirely on the premise that
women have a specific role in relation to men.  We do firmly believe that the
Man is king of his castle and in effect, complete sovereign over his wife and
any other female that comes willingly into the household."

"Really now?"  Jake exclaimed in surprise, "That is refreshing to hear!"

Jen nodded, "Yes, it is the foundation for all our beliefs.  When the women here
at the Institute say that they are happy to serve you, they mean every word of
it.  They are here to support and serve Men."

Jake smiled, mischief in his eyes now.  "Indeed?  So if I were to tell you to
bare your chest for me, you would do so?"

Jen nodded, opening the buttons of her uniform to reveal her naked breasts.  Her
breasts were delightfully full, topped with large dark pink nipples that were
bigger than any Jake had ever seen before.  Jen thrust her chest out proudly.

Jake reached out to cup her breasts gently, rubbing his thumbs over her suddenly
erect nipples.  "Very nice."  He said softly, massaging them gently.  "Will
Emma's nipples get nice and big like this?"

Jen nodded, "That is the goal."  She said softly, her voice suddenly thick with
desire.  Her breathing quickened as Jake continued to stimulate her nipples,
pulling at them now and trying to milk them.  As he got the right position,
several streams of milk shot out.  Jake reached down and gently captured a
nipple with his mouth, working the thick flesh so that he could get a stream of
milk.  Soon enough, warm sweet milk sprayed into his mouth.  He sucked eagerly,
moving from one nipple to the other before sitting back and licking his lips.

"Quite delicious.  Are there any limits to the services women will provide
here?"  Jake asked.

Jen nodded.

"Ah, so perhaps I should ask what those limits are."  Jake said, sounding
vaguely disappointed.

"The limit is that no permanent damage is done to any girl without the
permission of Dr. Hahn, or her partner if she has one.  Most girls here are
under the protection of Dr. Hahn."  Jen explained.

Jake frowned, "That's it?  I mean, what does that mean exactly?"

Jen took a deep breath while Jake continued cupping her breasts and toying with
her nipples.

"Well, it is known that men have very many needs, some not considered natural by
mainstream society but which we have come to learn are quite natural.  Women at
times need a firm hand, need to be controlled, and some even crave punishment or
a way to atone for any mistakes they might have made or to recover from feelings
of guilt.  With that in mind, it is quite natural for a man to supply those
things to a woman as it builds his own role in the control of women in general. 
There are so few men that can do that correctly so of course, the women here are
rather needy, not having had access to that which is natural to them.  In
exchange for your services in that regard, we offer anything that you might
want."  Jen said softly, her voice low and husky.

Jake didn't speak for a long time, processing what Jen had just explained to
him.  Could it be she meant what she was saying, in terms he was thinking of?

"So, you are saying that women here expect a man to dominate them, correct them,
provide discipline, in fact emulating what you believe to the natural way of men
and women.  This means something very specific to me and perhaps is colored by
male fantasies of what is allowed with a woman.  To me, what you are saying is
that I can do as I wish with any woman here provided that Dr. Hahn approves of
any severe action.  Of course, this implies that I'm a responsible and rational
man, not simply out to hurt women or crush their spirit."  Jake said slowly.

Jen nodded.

"And so, if I wanted a woman to fetch me tea, suck my cock, or lay over my lap
for a spanking, I am well within my rights here?"  Jake asked.

Jen nodded again.

"If I wanted to let out my sadistic side, I could do as I please so long as it
caused no permanent harm?"  Jake prompted, a note of disbelief creeping into his
deep voice.

Jen nodded again, "Though there are many here who would perhaps welcome
permanent marks to cherish but would require Dr. Hahn's permission  first."

Jake stared in amazement at Jen, who was still sitting there as he continued to
idly massage her breasts.  He slapped one playfully, right over the nipple.

Jen smiled and thrust herself forward for more.  "I'm finding this incredible,
as if I've fallen into one of my own fantasies."  Jake said as Jen offered
herself up to him in an unmistakable way.

"The entire Institute is this way?"  Jake asked, pulling at Jen's nipples more
aggressively now.

Jen nodded, panting softly now as her arousal continued to build.  Jake moved
one hand to explore under the hem of her uniform. He found a bald and quite wet
pussy and he plunged his fingers into her slick juices, resting his head against
her swollen belly, feeling a sudden thump against his head as he did so.

Jen laughed at Jake's look of surprise.  "It's the baby.  He kicked you."

Jake stared in surprise, then shrugged and captured her nipple in his mouth
again as his fingers explored her wet and swollen pussy.  He licked his fingers
of her copious juices and once again plunged them deeply within her, using his
thumb to lightly massage her clitoris.  Jen began to grind against his hand and
milk leaked into his mouth suddenly as he continued to suck at her nipple.

Jen moaned softly, holding on to Jake to keep her balance on the bed where they
were perched, having forgotten all about Emma kneeling there hooked up to the
machine and enjoying her own stimulation.

Jake sucked hard on her nipples, moving from one to the other as his fingers
began to fuck her while his thumb kept up the gentle massage of her hugely erect
clitoris.  It felt to be nearly an inch tall and quite wide and firm.  He loved
the feel of it under his thumb and her body began to shake and tremble as she
suddenly climaxed around his fingers, squeezing them tightly.

Jake let her recover from her climax and then slapped her bottom playfully. 
"Now, who is using who as a sexual object, hmmm?  I think you just used me to
get in your series of climaxes for the day."

Jen nodded, "But it is a fair trade, isn't it?"

"I'll have to mull that over a bit before I answer."  Jake chuckled, licking his
fingers clean of her juices.  "What will your husband say about that?"

Jen grinned, "He'd entirely approve."

"I'll have to go ask him then."  Jake replied.

"You can when he's done with rounds."  Jen giggled.

Jake looked startled and then exclaimed, "Dr. Hahn?"

Jen nodded, "Yes."

"Oh!"  Jake couldn't help but laugh as it made perfect sense.  "You two have
quite the setup here.  Some would say it's kink heaven yet to me, it does seem
so incredibly natural."

Jen nodded, looking serious once more.  "Yes, to us it is natural as well, but
to the outside world, I suppose we do seem rather odd.  We hesitated in taking
in those from outside, but you and Emma seem like our kind of people."

Jake nodded, "I guess eventually we would all tend to be drawn to those who
believe the same things.  I'm especially glad that I discovered this place."

Jen smiled happily, "I think this is the beginning of a whole new world of fun!"

"So then, what is Emma watching that is getting her so hot and horny?  I can
smell her arousal quite distinctly from yours."  Jake said.

Jen nodded, "She's watching a film that shows the relationship between men and
women that we spoke of.  It's our hope that as Emma sees how natural it is, how
accepted and encouraged she can shed some of her own baggage.  Of course, we'll
be doing some other things to help that along as a few videos won't really
accomplish that."

Jake nodded, "I was attracted to Emma because of her very feminine nature and
when she isn't giving in to peer pressure, she is quite a wonderful wife, very
giving, very pleasing and of course, very sexual.  I have learned that I need to
be consistently firm with her to make her understand my expectations."

Jen nodded, "It sure helps if the man makes clear his role and his desires in
this."

"So what is next for Emma's treatment. I recall that she needs to have her cunt
stretched twice a day, to get ready for the baby's head coming down the birth
canal?"  Jake asked with a smile.

Jen chuckled, "I'm thinking you are familiar with the manual technique for doing
that though we also have a special device for those times when you don't have
the time to devote to it."

"I'm beginning to think you have a great many devices that would sell quite well
in sex shops!"  Jake laughed.

"That is probably true."  Jen smiled, "It's just that our society is so oddly
repressed about sexuality and have to relegate it to some dark underworld which
is a shame and incredibly destructive to our culture at large."

Jake nodded in agreement.  "I can't disagree but I sure don't know what to do
about it but live my own life and the hell with the rest of the world.  As long
as they don't get to minding my business."

Jen nodded and checked the panel on the machine that Emma was attached too. 
"She's doing quite well so far, about another 45 minutes or so."

"So what is that thing doing again?"  Jake asked, taking a good look at Emma
squirming on all fours with all her openings plugged up in some way.  Her hips
were rocking rhythmically, she was panting softly punctuated with an occasional
deep moan.

"It is taking sophisticated measurements of her breast volume and composition
via electrical signals, resonation off the special gel and a series of very thin
needles that are injected at various sites which can be read by bouncing
different kinds of signals off them.  The suction created around the main part
of the breast is to keep a certain pressure within so that volume can be
accurately determined and because the density of the various types of tissue
within the breast is different.  The more active suction of the aureole tissue
and nipple is for actual nipple training so that we build up that tissue for the
baby."  Jen explained.

"Sounds very high tech, it's amazing what you have come up with."  Jake said.

"We've spent a few years in research."  Jen agreed, satisfied with the readings.

"Let's go meet Audrey then so you can see if she would fit into your household." 
Jen suggested, leading the way out of the room and down the corridor.

Jake followed, seriously wondering what was behind each of the doors now that he
had gotten a glimpse of the types of things that could go on here.  He felt
himself growing aroused again as he let his mind wander with all the
possibilities.

Soon enough they were at another door and Jen went right in, indicating he
should follow.

The room took Jake by surprise.  It seemed to be a lounge and four women were
reclined on various couches or recliners, mostly naked and with various bits of
equipment in their openings and two of the women had women sitting next to them
stimulating their nipples or vagina.  All were visibly pregnant.

Jen walked to a woman with auburn hair who was busy having what looked like a
climax as they approached.  She had a wand type thing inside her vagina and
another device that seemed to be suctioning her nipples.  Jen ticked the woman's
clitoris and then bent down to kiss it sensuously which seemed to invoke another
shudder and trembling climax.  The woman opened her eyes with a smile.  "Hi Jen! 
You can do that some more!"  she chuckled, rubbing her belly which Jake guessed
to be about 5 months along in pregnancy.  "Who's the handsome gentleman? 
Perhaps I can get the real thing now?"

"I'm Jake Jackson, new here."  Jake couldn't help saying, extending his hand to
the woman.

"I'm Audrey and one of the candidates to live with you and your wife."  Audrey
said, shaking his hand firmly.

"Emma's in therapy right now so I thought I would get you two introduced."  Jen
said, taking a seat on Audrey's lounger and fondling her vagina.

Audrey smiled and laid back once more.  "Mmm.  That feels wonderful.  I get so
tired of doing it myself or with a machine."  Audrey spread her legs wider,
allowing Jen more access to her slick and engorged vaginal area.  Jen removed
the wand and began to press her fingers inside Audrey in a slow back and forth
motion that soon had Audrey's hips rocking in response.

"As it said in the file I sent you, Emma is a bit on the modest side and it is
already interfering with her doing the correct exercises.  For the sake of the
baby and for Jake who's been dealing with that problem, it is our wish that Emma
learn to drop her modesty and regain her true nature."  Jen explained as her
fingers kept working.  "She'll need a firm hand, but a gentle one."

"That I can do."  Audrey smiled.  "And Jake?  Do you like what you see?  Are you
willing to have me in your home?"

Jake chuckled, "I very much like what I see, and I don't necessarily mean your
beautiful body, I'm more impressed with your manner and intelligence."

"Oh?  And how can you tell all that?"  Audrey asked.

Jake laughed, "First of all, you are involved in this program and are obviously
not shy about your body or your abilities.  You are honest and direct which
counts for a lot in my book."

"I like a perceptive man!"  Audrey said with a wide smile.  "You do understand
that I'll need to be strict with your wife, despite her objections?"

Jake nodded, "Yes, indeed I do.  Sadly, I've been somewhat lax in that area at
times but I'm learning that I should follow my own instincts rather than what
society seems to be dictating."

"Okay, I'll sign on with you."  Audrey replied, just as she shuddered in another
climax.

Jake raised his brows, "Indeed?  I'm glad to hear it.  When do you begin?"

Jen interrupted, "Right away of course as she'll be in charge of Emma both here
and at home.  I would like to suggest that you and Emma spend the night, even
though we nominally have you signed up for the day.  I understand you have to
get back to work tomorrow but I would like to give Audrey a chance to establish
her authority before you leave and now seems the best time."

Jake nodded, "That would be fine with me actually.  I want to explore all this
facility has to offer as well."

"Okay then little slut, it's time to get to work."  Jen teased, removing her
slick fingers from Audrey's vaginal opening and licking them clean.  "Yumm, you
taste better and better with each pregnancy."

Audrey reluctantly rose from her lounger, carefully removing all the attachments
and disposing of the sleeves and other gear.  "I'll just shower quickly and meet
you in Emma's room?  It was 213, right?"

Jen nodded, "We'll meet you there."

Jen and Jake returned to Emma's room to find her in the throes of orgasm.  "Oh
excellent!"  Jen remarked as she noted Emma's very strong climax.

"I'd say we were a bit ahead of schedule then."  Jen said, removing the anal
probe gently and patting Emma's shoulder.

"We'll just let the recorders finish their work and I'll turn down the suction a
bit."  Jen said, making the adjustments as she spoke.  "She's done quite well
for the first time on the machine, that movie must have gotten her pretty
aroused."

"I want to see this movie!"  Jake chuckled.

Jen grinned, "They are all pretty good actually, better than all the porn out
there for arousal factor."

"I'll bet!"  Jake said, feeling himself stir once more to see Emma naked,
plugged up and in such a delightful position on her hands and knees.

"I'm going to remove the breast cups now I think."  Jen said, moving to release
the suction completely and gently breaking the suction with her fingers before
removing the cups.  She grasped Emma's swollen nipples and rolled them between
her fingers.  "Excellent, look at this Jake."  Jen said.

Jake took Emma's other nipple between his fingers and noted that they were hard
and swollen, nice and big the way he liked them.  He reached down to take it
into his mouth, savoring the thickness of it and sucked hard on it before
releasing it.  "Will they stay that way eventually, or is this only a temporary
effect?"

"It will eventually be fairly permanent but at this stage, will resume its
previous size and shape in a few hours which is why she'll have lots of other
nipple stimulation." Jen smiled.

Jake nodded, "Good.  I confess, I'm a sucker for big nipples that I can really
grab on to."

"I'll be sure to note that in Emma's file.  How about her clitoris?"  Jen asked,
picking up the clipboard to make the notes.

"Oh yes!"  Jake chuckled.  "Much easier to find and toy with when it's bigger
though I don't want it obscenely large.  About an inch tall, half an inch thick
I guess."

Jen dutifully noted that in Emma's file and smiled.

"So then, shall we remove her vaginal probe now and turn the movie off?"  Jen
asked.

Jake looked back at Emma, her large breasts with big nipples looking so
different now.  "Much as I would like to mount her like that right now, I think
I'll wait and see what Audrey has in store for her."  Jake replied.

Jen removed the vaginal probe and then disconnected the 3-D viewer from the
player and lifted the headset from Emma's eyes and pulled out the ear plugs. 
Emma was still gagged though.

Jen guided her so that she could remove the supports and lay Emma back down on
the bed.  "You did great!"  Jen said to Emma as she blinked her eyes to get used
to the light in the room once more.  "How did you like the movie?"  Jen asked
her.

Emma grunted, indicating the gag.  Jen laughed, "Oops!"  Jen unbuckled the gag
and repeated her question.

Emma licked her lips, and Jen offered her a cup of water.  "There, that should
help."

Emma drank a few sips and nodded.  "Thank you.  I think I have to pee first
though."  She said.  Jen nodded and helped her to the bathroom, fitting the end
of the catherter with the valve that would allow her to release her urine.  Once
the stream ended, Jen moved Emma to the bidet and washed her down completely and
then dried her.

Once Emma was settled back on the bed, Jen again prompted her to answer the
question.

"Well .. uh .. it was very erotic, not quite what I was expecting.  I mean, it
seemed to show another couple like us, doing these various exercises but the
dynamics between the couple and the midwife were ... well ... a bit obscene I
guess."  Emma finally stammered, blushing now.

"But you seemed to enjoy it, you climaxed quite nicely."  Jen reminded her.

"Yes .. but ... I mean ... it just seemed .. wrong to be so sexual ... between
them.  More like some sex club or swinging or something.  That isn't really now
it is, is it?"  Emma asked.

Jen raised her brow.  "Well, yes it is.  Surely you understood what the program
is?"

Emma sighed, shaking her head.  "Well, in once sense I guess I did, but this
just seemed so blatantly sexual .. you know?"

Jen frowned in confusion, "Yes, it is but how is that a problem?"

Emma shrugged, "I don't know exactly.  I guess it's just my modesty speaking or
something.  It's just different to talk about it in a certain way, in a medical
setting .. and then to see .. well .. them all doing things .. touching ...
manipulating each other .. and while I know it's for the baby and all .. it just
feels wrong somehow."

"Oh dear.  I can see this might have been a mistake.  Just what did you imagine
would be happening?"  Jen asked curiously.

Emma blushed, "I don't know, just more order ... professional behavior I guess. 
Uniforms or something, I don't know.  I can't explain it."

Jen smiled suddenly, "I think I understand.  What you need to remember is that
each couple we document is different and the midwife adapts her work to their
needs.  Some abhor a medical setting, abhor uniforms, rules or any unnatural
intrusions into their lives.  They would rather see the midwife as a member of
the family, more casual.  In your case, I'm sure that Audrey would conduct
herself so that you are comfortable."

Emma relaxed a bit when Jen explained.  "So, Audrey wouldn't come on like a
whore, and would be more ... well, professional, like a visiting nurse?"

Jen nodded, "Certainly, if that was your wish and that made you the most
comfortable.  We are each unique with very unique needs and it is our wish to do
what we can to make you and Jake as comfortable as possible.  If a sense of
formality and decorum is what works for you, that will be arranged."

"Good, I think I would be much more comfortable that way."  Emma replied.  "I
come from a rather formal family, with strict rules and so, have a hard time
with the more casual approach many people take.  Jake teases me about my
modesty, but it's really hard to overcome and I don't know that it's necessarily
even important to overcome that in most ways.  I mean, I do want to be more
comfortable with my body ... but I don't want to feel like a ... a ... sl-slut." 
Emma stammered, blushing over the word.

"It's good then that we had this session."  Jen said, taking notes on the
clipboard once more.  "Let me take this to our main files area so that everyone
can be alerted to this preference in your records."  Jen said with a smile,
ducking out of the room.

Jake chuckled, "Emma, you are so interesting some times.  Is that really what
you felt?"  Jake asked, serious now.

Emma hesitated before answering, "Well, yes, mostly.  I mean, obviously I was
aroused, but I think that is just because of all this and I've been kind of ...
well, aroused since I've been pregnant, I guess it's hormones and all."

"And?  What else?"  Jake persisted.

Emma blushed, "I don't know exactly .. I can't say."  She amended.

"Why can't you say?  I'm your husband, aren't I?"  Jake asked gently.

"Yes, but I'm confused inside right now.  I ... have this feeling that I just
want to be so totally sexual, it seems to easy for everyone else, but I can't. I
don't want to be considered that way.  It seems cheap and degrading."  Emma said
softly.

"It would be useless to tell you that it is not degrading to have a healthy view
of sexuality."  Jake said softly, taking her hand and stroking it lightly.  "I
find myself quite aroused when you are sexual, I enjoy that aspect of you so
much.  To me, it is that you trust me enough to be that open, that uninhibited. 
When you close up and become all prim and proper with me, then I sense this wall
coming between us, this articfical wall that just doesn't belong in a
relationship.  I've knocked on that wall at times, insisting on what I want and
sometimes it works, other times you just back off even more and build up even
more of a wall."

Emma lowered her eyes and nodded.  "Yes .. I know.  I .. I would like to be what
you seem to want, but sometimes I'm not sure we would be as we are then .. that
something will change and you'll get tired of me giving you everything.  You
know, like what does a man who has everything ever need after that?"

"That's an angle I hadn't considered before but I don't see your sexuality as
that kind of commodity in the least.  It isn't this finite thing that you either
give up or keep to yourself. It's something that keeps growing as we keep
exploring.  There's more to sex than just humping and grinding at the various
openings!"  Jake said.

Emma nodded, "I know .. that isn't what I meant exactly.  I mean ... if you know
you could have it all any time, what's the point of continuing?"

Jake sat back, confused by her reply.  "That seems to imply that a relationship
is about withholding your sexual or spiritual self so that I don't know all of
you?  You intend to hold out for 60 years?  What then, when you're 85 or 90 you
give me the last little bit and then it's all over?"  Jake asked.

Emma blushed and retorted, "No!  That would be ridiculous!"  she snapped in
frustration.  "You just don't want to understand.  Why can't you just accept me
as I am?"  she pleaded, "Instead of trying to change me all the time?"

"Change you?  How have I ever tried to change you?"  Jake demanded firmly.

"Well, you want me to be some slut for you!"  Emma snapped back.

Jake shook his head, "I want you to be open to me, to please me, to fully take
your role as my wife.  So far, you've given me glimpses of that, but you don't
really want to commit to it for some reason.  What is so important about
withholding your full sexuality from me?  What is so important about NOT doing
as I wish, as any husband of old had a right to?  What do you see my role in
this relationship as?  Some doormat who has to tiptoe around you, let you call
all the shots, keep me at arm's length?  I'm sorry, but that is not how I see
our relationship and I will convince you someday as well."  Jake promised.

Emma's mouth hung open in surprise and Jake put his finger to her lips to
silence any reply she might have made.  "Now isn't the time to discuss this, but
we will discuss it once we are home."

Before Emma could object, the door of their room opened and Jen and Audrey
breezed in.  Jake rose and smiled at the women.

"Hello there.  Emma, this is Audrey, your new midwife."  Jake said, indicating
the woman in the severely starched nurses uniform and cap.  Her auburn hair had
been swept up in a severe knot and she looked every inch the no nonsense kind of
nurse.

Jen smiled, "I'll leave you all alone to get acquainted then.  Ring if you need
me."  she said on her way out, indicating the call button near the bed.

Jake smiled and winked at Jen.

"Emma, I had a chance to meet Audrey while you were having therapy.  I think
she'll suit us wonderfully."  Jake said.

Emma didn't know what to say, but Audrey simply stepped forward and sat on the
edge of the bed.  "Emma?  I'm nurse Audrey though if you wish you can certainly
call me Audrey.  I'm not big on titles though I am a registered nurse as well as
a midwife here.  Jen has acquainted me with your situation and I look forward to
working with you to adhere to the Institute protocols.  I'm sure you know how
beneficial our program will be considering that you are the first to sign up for
it."  Audrey smiled gently.

"Registered nurse?  That's great."  Emma said, a slight note of relief in her
voice.

Audrey chuckled softly, "Were you anticipating any medical difficulties that
required such a level of expertise?"

Emma shook her head, "No, not exactly.  It's just comforting to know that you
have such a high level of training as well .. you never know.  I think I'm
pretty healthy and all, but there do seem an awful lot of things to know about
pregnancy and childbirth and so, well, I'm glad you know so much."

Audrey nodded, "I've looked over your chart and you seem to be in super
excellent health and your test results in all areas are nearly perfect.  There
are some issues we'll address of course, but you are in a great position to work
in our program."

Emma smiled at the compliments shyly.

"Now then, I know Dr. Hahn did the initial workup and that you've had a bit of a
repair done today at the clinic."  Audrey said, lifting the clipboard that Jen
had left behind.  "Okay, looks like you've also done well with the breast
controls, hormones are great, muscle tone and elasticity ... great.  You've had
some nipple work, had some climaxes, did some anal work.  Good, good."  Audrey
said softly quickly reading down the chart.  "Okay, looks like we need to work
on vaginal stretching and then we'll discuss how things will work when I become
full time in your home, okay?"

Emma nodded, looking somewhat lost.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Dr. Wingate


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





