BDSM Library - Home Invasion




Home Invasion
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Innocent woman opens the door to a nightmare.
Home Invasion

``What's your name? ` the masked man asked. There was no response from the woman
he was holding face down on the sofa. ``Don't make me ask again lady! What's
your fucking name? ` the man asked again, his voice harsh with anger.

``C...C...Colette...My name is Colette...`` the woman sobbed, her voice was
muffled because her face was pressed down onto the sofa; there was fear in her
voice.

``That's better. Now, there's a hard way and an easy way to play this game.
Basically this game is one in which we have some fun together and then I fuck
you. Understand? ` he whispered this to her, his mouth inches from her ear. The
woman didn't know but this `game` he referred to was one in which he was very
experienced. The man enjoyed all aspects of this strange game; the preparation,
the chase, the capture, the rape of his prey. He slowly removed his hands from
the woman's shoulders, allowing her to raise her head and gasp for breath. ``Are
you going to be nice? Or do I have to play rough? It doesn't matter to me,
either way I get what I want``. As the man said this he was caressing the
woman's hair, she shivered with fear and revulsion at his touch.

``Please leave! I want tell anyone! No one will know you were here. Do you want
money? I have money...`` the woman said. The man stared at her; she was too
scared to look at the man; the black mask he wore hid his face and all she could
see were his dead eyes. When she opened the door earlier and was suddenly
confronted by him, the sight of him, masked and all in black, had caused her to
stagger backwards in shock allowing him to quietly step inside her home. Once
inside he knew she was his. He always planned his `games` carefully; he had
watched her movements, watched and waited for the right opportunity.

``Money? Is that what you think I want? This is no robbery...`` as he said this,
the man slid his hands down the woman's back; his hands gently cupped the
woman's bottom. She could not see that he was smiling behind his mask as touched
her body, he could see the outline of her panties through her skirt; his cock
started to stir inside his black jeans.

``I want this! I want to make you cry as I fuck this ass of yours. You ever been
taken up the ass? ` he asked as he traced his fingers along her panty line. At
this the woman screamed and started to struggle away from him. The man leaned
back slightly and the woman squirmed away from him, then she was free and she
staggered towards the door. The man watched her; this always amused him, this
aspect of the game; like a cat with a mouse he played with her. He watched as
the woman reached the door, he knew that her hopes of escape were rising by the
second as she made her way down the hall. Then, quick as a cat, he jumped up and
raced after the woman, shouting ``I'm coming to get you! You are such a naughty
girl, running from me! ` The woman give a despairing scream and looked round and
saw the masked man sprinting towards her. As she reached the front door and
frantically tried to unlock it she was suddenly slammed hard into the door! Then
he spun her round and threw her to the floor. She landed heavily, the wind
knocked out of her, she felt dazed and shocked from banging her head against the
door. The man glared down at her as she lay in an untidy sprawl, her skirt hiked
up around her thighs, her legs exposed. ``Are you happy now? All you have
achieved is to make me angry...why can't you just accept the situation?
Now...get on your fucking knees! ` the man angrily spat these words to the
frightened woman. The man, his eyes blazing with a mixture of anger and lust,
moved threateningly towards the woman as she hesitated. She looked at the masked
figure standing before her and started to cry. She struggled to her knees, her
eyes downcast, her body trembling.

The man loved this moment, this moment when they realised that this was no
fantasy, that this was for real...and that there was no escape. He liked the
look of this one, there was something about her, and he was going to enjoy this.
He reached for the zip on his black jeans and slowly started to pull the zip
down. The noise of his zip seemed unnaturally loud in the silence of the quiet
house. The man was angry that the woman refused to look at him; he wanted to see
the fear on her face as he exposed himself. ``Don't you want to see what I have
for you?  Look at me...look at my cock...you fucking slut! ` his voice was
hoarse with passion and twisted lust. The woman shook her head violently and
stared fixedly at a point on the carpet. His hand reached out and grabbed at her
hair, pulling her head up, she yelled in pain and tried to pull his hand away
from her dishevelled hair. He was too strong for her and she grimaced in pain as
he held her hair tight, holding her so she could not help but look at him.
Mutely she shook her head and shut her eyes; the man saw the look of defiance in
her blue eyes before she shut them. ``Still wanting to play silly games? If you
are not a good girl then you are a bad girl...and do you know what happens to
bad girls? They get...well, lets say that you will find out what happens to bad
girls! ` the man said, a note of cruelty in his voice that caused more tears to
run down the woman's cheeks. The man pulled his cock out of his jeans with his
free hand; his cock was already hard and throbbing for release. He leaned
forward and the woman flinched and let out a small cry as he rubbed his cock
over her face, pre-cum leaving a trail over her face. The man sighed loudly in
satisfaction at the feel of the smooth skin of the woman on his hard cock. Still
holding her by the hair he reached down with his free hand and grasped his cock
and stroked it, he shuddered in pleasure and anticipation. ``Open up little
lady, I have something nice for you...Open up Colette...and remember, no teeth!
` this last remark was accompanied by a vicious twist of her blonde hair which
caused her to open her mouth to cry out in pain. This was what the man was
hoping for and pushing forward he pressed his cock into her open mouth; the
woman's eyes were wide open in shock. He laughed in triumph and started to push
in and out of her mouth, she tried to pull her head back to escape him but he
held her head in a vice like grip. This was no `blow job`; he was just using
her, raping her mouth, fucking her face in a savage thrusting rhythm. The
excitement he had felt in anticipation of this moment made him cum very quickly.
The brutal assault climaxed for the masked man in a pulsating, throbbing gush of
cum that flooded the woman's mouth. The man smiled in triumph as he watched the
woman eyes again flood with tears of shame and humiliation as cum flowed down
her chin to drip onto her blouse and onto the carpet. ``Swallow it you
ungrateful bitch! Swallow my cum! ` he snarled. As he said these burning words
he tightened his grip in her hair and tilted her head back so the woman had no
choice to swallow or choke. As the last of his cum dripped from his cock into
the woman's mouth he watched as she swallowed, her face a mask of horror and
revulsion. ``Enjoying the taste my dear? Want some more! Well, we will see how
much more of my `love` you can take...`` as he said these words he loosened his
grip of her hair and the woman slumped to the floor, coughing and retching,
flecks of cum and spittle splattering the carpet.




The masked man was breathing heavily, his hands on his hips. He looked down at
the woman who was now crying softly, her body shaking with her sobbing. He
nudged her backside with his boot, ``Get up, I want a drink. The night is still
young and we have lots left to do...``. He reached down and dragged her to her
feet; he put his arm around her in a parody of compassion and concern. ``By the
way, `how was that for you`? ` he laughed at his `joke` but the woman did not
respond.  

They entered the lounge and the man, still with his arm around the woman's
shoulder led them towards the sofa. As he sat down he pulled the woman to sit
down with him, she attempted to shift away from him, to move further along the
sofa. ``Hey! Don't be shy! Lets have a cuddle...`` as the masked man said this
he turned her face towards him and tried to kiss her. She shook her head and
turned away, her face a mask of despair. ``Stuck up bitch! You too good for me
or something, is that it? Still haven't learnt your lesson, have you? You need
to be brought down a peg or two...`` he snarled at the woman. Saying that he put
his strong hand behind the woman's neck and pulled her down and across his lap,
she struggled but in vain, he was too strong. The woman shouted in fear and
frantically reached behind as she felt her skirt being dragged up her kicking
legs. ``Please don't, please leave me alone! Don't touch me anymore! Why me....
` she cried out. The man slapped her hands away and pulled her skirt up around
her waist until her bottom, clad in white panties, was on view to his hungry,
lustful eyes. ``Uppity bitch aren't we? I would have thought a mouthful of cock
would have taught you who's boss! Now, fucking behave while I tan this ass of
yours! ` he snarled at her. SMACK! His hard, calloused hand came down hard onto
her bottom. SMACK! SMACK! Again and again his hand rained down onto her bottom.
SMACK! SMACK! He felt himself getting hard as he watched her ass turn a painful
red; the contrast between her reddish ass cheeks and her white panties was
turning him on. He stopped and ran his hands over her bottom, ``Phew! Must be
getting old darling! Gotta have a break but I have to say I could spank your ass
for hours! It's gorgeous! ` He licked his lips and contemplated his next move,
his heavy breathing loud in the quiet house. He held the woman down with his
right hand on her lower back. With his left hand he started to caress her, first
the backs of her legs, then he started to slide his hand down between her legs,
slowly inching his way along. The woman was either resigned to her fate or,
because she was still recovering from the trauma of her recent beating, it did
not register that his hand was nestling high up between her slightly spread
legs. The man slid his fingers forward and when his fingertips touched her
panties the woman jumped as if an electric shock had run through her body. She
started to struggle, the pain from her bruised bottom forgotten in the instant
she felt her most private place touched, defiled by this awful man. The masked
man pressed down hard with his right hand, holding her down and pressed hard
against the woman's panties, pushing them into her pussy. The man grunted with
the effort of holding her down as her struggles increased as his fingers
ruthlessly pushed in deeper; she was dry down there and the pain was worse than
the spanking, much worse. ``Stop! You are hurting me! Oooooooohhhhhh...Get away
from me! ` she moaned and screamed in pain and humiliation. The man snarled,
``Fuck this! You are a stupid bitch! Lets see this cunt of yours! `. And with
that his fingers left her pussy and he grasped the waistband of her panties and
started to tug and pull them down and over her sore bottom. The woman gave a
plaintive cry of utter despair as she felt her panties slide down her legs. The
man pulled them down to her knees and left them there, a crumpled band of white.
His hand moved slowly back up her legs, teasing her as he savoured the woman's
shame and despair. ``Are you wet? Are you gagging for me to fuck you? Lets see
shall we...`` he whispered to her as his fingers brushed along her pussy. First
one finger and then another pushed against her, spreading her lips, exploring
and searching. The man pressed into her with two fingers and the woman's head
snapped back with pain as his invading fingers opened up her dry cunt. He knew
that she was in pain but that meant nothing to him, his desire; his twisted lust
was all that mattered to him, his gratification.

He felt the woman writhe and twist, trying to escape him. All she achieved was
to rub her self against his growing erection and make him push his fingers in
deeper, in and out of her cunt, while he held her down. The man gave a nasty
laugh as he felt his fingers start to slide in easier as the woman became wet,
her body betraying her. ``Like it now do you? You fucking slut! You're all the
same...a bit of fingering and hey presto! ` as he said this he pushed a third
finger into her and pressed in deeper and harder. ``I think you are more than
ready, don't you? Lets go upstairs...I want to see your bedroom``. The man was
strong and as he stood up he held the woman tight. The woman started to push her
dress down but the man snarled a warning to her, ``What's the point you stupid
bitch! Leave it alone...``. As he pulled her to the door the woman had
difficulty walking because her panties were still around her knees. The woman
was crying and sobbing in shame and fear because she knew what was in store for
her upstairs.

The man pushed the woman ahead of him up the stairs, his hands roamed freely
over her bare ass, pinching and squeezing. Reaching the top of the stairs the
man asked, ``Right, which is your room? Well...? `. She hesitantly pointed to a
door to the right, he grabbed her arm and led her to the closed door. At this
moment she started to struggle, tried to pull way from him. She caught him by
surprise; he thought her spirit to resist had left her downstairs. The masked
man cried out as she kicked him in the shin and she broke free. With an angry
roar the man lunged for her and managed to catch a hold of a piece of her
blouse. With a tearing noise the material started to rip but the man was quick
and he reached out with his other hand and caught her by the arm. Spinning her
round he pushed her towards the bedroom door, she fell against the door and it
swung open, she tumbled into the room, onto the floor. The man watched her as
she turned her head to look at him; she mewled in fear and panic and started to
crawl away from him. He stepped into the room, took a deep breath of the scents
and aromas within the room. ``Ah, this smells nice...Get up from the fucking
floor you stupid bitch, get onto the bed`` he said to her. He moved around the
room, touching and moving things; an ornament, a discarded blouse hanging on the
back of a chair, a perfume bottle. The man could feel the woman's eyes on him;
he wanted to prolong this moment, this moment of delicious suspense before he
took her. Reaching a chest of drawers he opened each in turn, ``Here we are!
What I always have so much fun with...the good lady's knickers draw! `. The
masked man turned round to the woman and winked, ``Any kinky stuff in here?
Maybe some sussies? Stockings perhaps? Crotchless panties? A dildo? ` As the man
said this he was rifling through the draw, carelessly throwing bras and panties
over his shoulders, ``Wow! Look at these! These are hot, very sexy...``. He
turned towards the woman holding up a pair of black, silk panties, ``Put these
on, and model them for me``. The man threw them towards the woman; they floated
down in front of her, landing inches from her feet. She made no attempt to pick
them up; she just stared at them and then stared at the masked man.

``What's the matter? Shy? ` he said in a mocking tone. ``Need some more
encouragement maybe? What if I use my belt on you this time...Will that persuade
you? `. He took a step towards her, his hands moving to unbuckle his belt.

``No! Please...I will do what you want...No more...Please don't hurt me! ` the
woman moaned. The man smiled but continued to unbuckle his belt. He unzipped his
jeans and pushed his jeans down his legs, his cock was semi hard. In these
`games` he played, he chuckled to himself, he seemed to have a continual hardon.
He kicked of his shoes and slid his jeans right off; he stood there in this
helpless woman's bedroom, slowly stroking his cock. This is what he hungered
for, why he played this awful `game` with his innocent prey. An immense feeling
of power surged through his body as he stood there, revelling in the humiliation
and shame of this woman. ``Show me what those knickers look like on...But I just
want you to be wearing the knickers, nothing else...so strip! ` the man said
this in a quiet voice, but the woman knew that refusal was to invite pain. As
she lay on the floor she kicked off the panties that were still around her
ankles and stood up. The man moved towards her and she shrank back from him,
suddenly afraid. He brushed past her and sat on the bed, he gave a sigh of
contentment and said, ``Make it a good show now! Show me what a posh slut like
you can do...``. He absently rubbed his cock as the woman shrugged of her ripped
blouse, he movements slow and hesitant. As she reached behind her to take her
bra off the man shouted, ``What do you call that? Jeez, my old gran could do
better than that! Put some fucking effort into it! Lets have a show! `. Startled
the woman looked up, fear was contorting her attractive face and tears ran down
her cheeks, ``Why? Why me? Please go away, I won't tell anyone about this...``.

The man jumped from the bed and flew at her in a rage; grabbing her arms he
shook her, ``Why? Because I enjoy doing this to the likes of you and I
especially liked the look of you. I wondered what it would be like to rape you,
fuck you like a slut! Satisfied with that? ` The masked man was inches from her
face as spat out this tirade. ``Did you know I have been watching you for weeks?
Following you, taking pictures of you! I would sit in my room and wank myself
silly looking at you...but now I have the real thing and I am going to enjoy you
anyway I want!  Now, lets get rid of this! ` As he said this the man reached out
and pushed her bra up, exposing her breasts and nipples. He grabbed her tits and
squeezed hard, all the while staring at her. The woman was held fast by the
darkness of his eyes, his stare seemed to pin her, hold her. The man smiled
behind the mask he wore as the woman grimaced in pain as his rough hands mauled
and twisted her breasts. ``Now, get rid of the fucking skirt and get those
knickers on! ` he shouted. The woman fumbled with her skirt and pushed it down
and over her hips, it fell to the floor. Shaking she picked up the black silk
knickers and hurriedly stepped into them and pulled them up her legs. The man
took a deep breath and stood before her, the anger and excitement within him was
fuelling his erection, he looked down saw his cock quivering and throbbing with
lust, ``Turn around, lets see the full effect...``. The woman turned slowly, the
man whistled softly as he saw how the knickers fitted snugly her round ass.

The man reached out and gently touched her bare back; she jumped and gave a
small cry. The man took a step and stood very close to her, his cock was
touching her; she trembled. ``Get on the bed`` he whispered. He watched as she
moved to the bed, climbed onto the bed and lay still, arms by her side; she
stared at the ceiling.


The man smiled and moved to climb on the bed, he laid himself next to her, their
bodies touching.  The man moved his hand to caress her, touching her hair, her
body. Suddenly the man slid his leg over the woman and he was lying on top of
her, his eyes within the mask seemed to float before her. The man positioned his
legs between hers and spread them, the woman said and did nothing in response.
He moved his hand down her body and squeezed the woman's cunt through the silk
knickers. As he did the woman writhed under him and shook her head, her eyes now
tightly shut. His fingers pulled her knickers to one side and he pressed a
finger into her. He moaned in pleasure while she groaned and whimpered as his
finger explored her. Everything was very quiet in the room except for the bed
creaking and the sound of the man and woman's breathing. His finger was making
her wet, her body trying to protect itself, ``Turning you on am I? I knew you
would want me in the end, your sort always do. Like it rough don't you? `. He
pushed another finger inside her, opening her cunt, spreading her lips. He
started to fuck her with his fingers; he watched her face as his fingers pushed
in and out of her body. He thought to himself how the `players` in his sick
`game` all reacted so differently. Some fought him until they were exhausted by
the struggle and they finally gave up their bodies to him; he deliberately made
them suffer for their spirit. A few lay comatose, allowed him to do anything to
them, denying him the satisfaction of their struggle; in some ways they were the
most challenging, he worked very hard to make them scream and sob.

The man leaned down until his face was inches from her face; he could smell her
perfume, he could smell her fear as he pushed another finger inside her. He
pressed his face against her breast and rubbed the coarse material of the mask
over her nipple. The woman gasped, ``Aaarrrgghhhhhh!! Please leave me
alone...let me go, please! I don't deserve this, I have done nothing wrong! `.
The anguish and confusion in her voice made him smile, his victims never could
come to terms with the vagaries of fate that brought them together; he the
hunter, they the innocent prey.

He pulled his slick fingers from her cunt and pressed them against her lips,
spreading her juices, he watched as she pressed her lips together. He wiped his
fingers over her face and smiled, ``Now for the real fun to begin! Ready for
some lovin'? `. He reached down and held his cock in his hand; he shifted his
body to position himself so his cock was touching her cunt. He could feel her
body tense under him as the woman felt the weight of him moving against her, his
cock pressing into her most intimate place. The man pushed, he could feel her
cunt start to open for his cock. He could feel the woman desperately trying to
close her legs but he was too strong for her. He looked down and saw the head of
his cock disappear inside her; he stopped and moaned as a feeling of pleasure
swept through him. This wave of pleasure was made up of the physical, the feel
of his cock nestling inside this woman and the sense of power he had over this
woman. Then, with a growl, he put all his weight behind it and thrust his cock
deep into her. He heard the woman put all the shame she felt, the pain she was
in, the humiliation of her situation into a plaintive wail. He watched her body
arch and contort under him as his cock drove deep into her. The man had no
thoughts, no compassion, for the woman under him. All he wanted was to leave his
cum deep inside her, to make her remember him. He drove his cock in harder and
harder; the bed was shaking with the ferocity of the assault. For that was what
this was, an assault on this woman...though this was `sex` there was no element
of love here, just his evil, bitter and twisted desire.


He was grunting and groaning as he raped her, sweat running down his face behind
the mask. The noise of his body slamming into hers, the wet, squishy sound of
his cock thrusting into her and the noise of the woman moaning and crying was
loud in the bedroom.  He slowed for a moment and reached down to put his hands
under her knees and he pulled her legs up. The woman was now bent double under
him; he held her legs up and spread them wide. This allowed him to press his
cock in even deeper, the woman was sobbing and crying, tears running down her
face. The man knew he couldn't last much longer, he felt his cock throb with
imminent release, his balls tightening with anticipation. Suddenly he stopped
his rape of the woman; his body lay still, his breathing heavy. ``I have been
saving a big load of cum for you! Wanted to fill your cunt...But now I have a
better idea. I can't resist what I can see down there, you look nice and tight.
Remember I said I wanted to fuck your ass? Well guess what I am going to do
now...`` as he said this he pulled his stiff cock, slick with her juices from
her cunt. He then pulled at her black silk knickers, the material stretched and
then tore with loud ripping noise; she was now completely naked. Still holding
her legs up with one hand he reached for his cock with the other. He leaned in
towards the woman's ass, holding his cock he pressed it against her small, tight
bud. The woman's eyes were wide with fear and shock as his cock pressed harder
against her. ``Fucking hell, you are so tight! ` he grunted. ``Once I get my
cock inside this ass of yours I'm gonna make you squeal! `. He looked down and
saw the tip of his cock flatten against her asshole. The man grimaced behind the
mask as he pushed harder and then with one strong push the head of his cock
disappeared into her ass. This rape of her ass was met by the woman with a loud
wailing scream! The man clamped a hand over her mouth to stifle the awful
screams of pain. The weight of his body kept her legs up as the masked man
groaned with the effort of pushing his cock deeper into the woman's violated
asshole. The man had only penetrated about two to three inches of her ass when
he felt his climax starting. His body stiffened and he shouted in triumph,
``Aaaarrrrggggghhhhhhh! I'm cumming! `. He felt his cock explode inside her ass,
streams of cum spurted from him! He looked down at the woman as his cock
pulsated and throbbed, she just stared at the ceiling but he could see her eyes
and face were full of pain and shame. ``Oh God, that was fantastic! ` he moaned,
``You are one hot bitch! I bet you have never been fucked like that before...``.
There was no response from the woman; she lay there, utterly degraded. The man
lay on top of her, crushing her body, covering her with his smell and sweat. The
man moved and his cock slid from her body, he looked down and watched as cum
gushed from her distended bud. ``Wish I had a camera right now. You should see
how much cum is coming from your ass, I must have flooded you! `, the masked man
said, a twisted note of pride in his voice. The man rolled off the woman and lay
on his back, breathing heavily. The woman moved slowly away from the man,
curling into a foetal position, her face pressed into the rumpled duvet. He
slapped the woman on the ass, ``Thanks for that! You are a good fuck, you know
that? If time wasn't pressing I would stay for seconds, but I have to be
going``. The woman shifted on the bed but made no reply. The man stretched and
then started to gather his clothes. As he dressed he looked down at the woman,
another victim of his wickedness, ``I think I will take these as a souvenir``.
He picked up the ripped black knickers and pocketed them. He moved to the side
of the bed and leaned down, he kissed the top of her head, ``Remember I know
where you live, where you work. I might visit you again if you are a good girl.
Goodbye Colette...``. She didn't look up as he silently left the bedroom.                                      




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Man Ray


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





