BDSM Library - Old Habits Die Hard




Old Habits Die Hard
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Mike, recently married to Denise, discovers that his new neighbors, Fran & Morty, are the same couple that he and his Mother became involved with two decades ago. Fran is a force of nature and quickly brings Mike back under Fran's control. Mike recalls the wild sexual goings on that ensued  among the four of them once his horny but repressed Mom falls under Fran's spell. Mike also recounts his secret knowledge of his wife's infidelity with an ex-boyfriend. Soon Denise is also under Fran's spell and finds herself involved in major acts of sexual depravity. The story ends when Mike allows his aging and sick Mother to visit with Fran & Morty.
Old Habits Die Hard

Chapter 01 - Rekindling Old Acquaintances



Please take note! Adults Only Literature

The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written for
adults only.

If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing this
file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
now.

This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
is purely coincidental, etc.

Copyright 2003

****

  "Fran, Fran Feinstein, is that you?" Mike called out in a hesitant voice. 
Although he had only a side view from thirty feet away, somehow he knew that the
tall woman opening her mailbox was his old neighbor, Fran Feinstein. Hours
later, he was even more mystified that he had instantly recognized her. It had
to be some kind of instinct because Fran had changed since he last saw her. Of
course, memories were tricky. He had been fourteen when he last saw Fran and
Morty driving away.

  Definitely Fran had changed and somehow in spite of twenty years not all for
the bad. He remembered her as pale but now she sported a healthy tan. Before she
was a little heavy, almost tending to be fat, fleshy was the descriptive term
twenty years ago. A good bet would have been that Fran would be seriously
overweight after all these years. But terms like buff or ripped seemed to the
more accurate today. Her hair was still blonde but it seemed more carefully
styled and the clothes while still tight looked more fashionable and expensive.

  Certain things hadn't changed. The first was her height, at 5'11" one inch shy
of six feet and the second was the tits. Mike recalled twenty years ago looking
in her dirty underwear hamper pulling out a massive bra noting the 38D size
label and saying "wow".

  "The yellow skirt and matching flowered blouse looked to be made of raw silk.
The skirt was short, very short for a woman her age. But she carried it off. It
was sexy and the color looked great with her skin and hair. And why not, Mike
had always remembered Fran's legs as her best feature. Long and muscular, the
proportion of upper to lower leg was just perfect. The calves and thighs had
streamlined powerful muscles. Mike could recall those legs wrapped around his
skinny fourteen year old body squeezing him so tight he couldn't breathe.

   "My God, I'm getting a hard on over a fifty year old neighbor, I haven't seen
in two decades, I got to get myself under control," thought Mike as he moved
toward the woman now turning to face him.

  It had to be Fran Feinstein. Mike just knew it was. There was just something
about her that made her instantly recognizable even though it had been twenty
years since Mike saw her last.

  The woman standing at the apartment mailbox turned slowly around to see who
was calling her name. When Mike saw the large blue eyes, the aquiline nose and
the red bee stung lips he knew it was Fran. She was even more endowed chest wise
than he remembered. Yes, it was the same Fran Feinstein that Mike and his
mother, Inez, lived next door to twenty years ago in Building 2 of an apartment
complex called 'Terrace Place'.

   "Yes, that's Fran, still wearing five inch 'fuck me' pumps and a skirt short
enough and tight enough to embarrass a hooker," thought Mike.

  "Do I know you?" asked Fran turning to face Mike like a lioness preparing to
confront and fight off danger. She was giving him the look nearsighted people
have when they're not wearing their glasses.

  "It's me, Mike, Mike Perkins, my Mom, Inez Perkins, and I lived next door to
you and your husband Morty. You used to send me to the store for beer and
cigarettes. It was over at Terrace Place."

  "Yea, now I recognize you. You were the little skinny kid that lived next door
with his mother over at the Terrace Place Apartments. Yea, I remember you. You
used to run errands for Morty and me. Come here and give me some sugar, you
little scamp," said Fran.

  "Well, I've filled out since then. It's been nineteen, no twenty years since
you moved away," as he walked up and was instantly pulled onto Fran's huge bosom
as she planted a kiss directly on his lips. Mike found himself in a cloud of
floral perfume. Mike emembered how tall Fran was but remembering it and
experiencing it were different things. In her heels, she towered several inches
above him. Fran reached both arms behind Mike and grabbed his butt.

  "Remember how you liked me to grab you by the ass when I gave you a hug, Hey,
that still feels nice" said Fran pulling Mike groin directly against hers. Mike
felt his cock stir as it pushed against her pubic bone. Fran managed to grind
her pubis against Mike's cock.

  "It's coming back to me," said Mike laughing and at the same time hoping that
none of the neighbors could see him standing out at the mailboxes with Fran's
hands squeezing his butt cheeks and giving him an erection.

  "Shit, I was just telling Morty now that we are back in Springfield, we ought
to look up some of our old friends like the Perkins. Morty, get your ass out
here and see who's here."

   Mike remembered how Fran used to yell for her husband Morty when they lived
one apartment over and downstairs in a run down HUD built project called the
Terrace Place Apartments. It was located not too far from the center of
Springfield, Massachusetts.

  Mike heard a voice coming from the general direction of the townhouse door
that Fran   must have left open when she went to get the mail. Mike couldn't
make out what the voice said.

  "Morty, I said for you to get your fucking ass out here right this fucking
minute," said Fran

  "You see what I have to put up with all these years. Morty still can't wipe
his ass without me. Is your Mom still around?" asked Fran.

  "Unfortunately, Mother's been having some health problems. Two years ago, she
was diagnosed with an Alzheimer's, the kind that strikes early. There's a
cardiac problem too but that was only recently found. Mom lives in an assisted
living facility over in Framingham. But Denise and I bring her home for a
weekend visit once a month," said Mike.

  "Denise, is that your wife's name?" asked Fran.

  "Yes, she's at work. She's an RN over at Lynnwood Memorial. She works in
critical care," said Mike.

  "So what did you grow up to be? You wanted to play ball for the Red Sox," said
Fran.

  "I'm a Master Electrician. Completed my journeyman two years ago," replied
Mike.

  At that moment, a thin older man appeared in the apartment door. Mike recalled
that Morty was fifteen years older than Fran. Mile did some quick calculations.
Morty must be sixty-eight and Fran in her early fifties, probably fifty-three or
fifty four. She had been thirty-three or thirty-four when they moved away. 
Where Fran seemed to have gotten bigger since Mike last saw them, Morty seemed
to have shrunk. There were a few wisps of gray hair clinging to a face
remarkable only for the number of liver spots. Morty had a cigarette clinched in
his mouth.

  "Morty, remember when we lived here before at Terrace Place and the kid next
door would go get our cigarettes and beer from the corner store.  He was always
trying to look up my skirt or feel my tits," said Fran.

  Mike felt his face turn red. This was not a conversation that should be taking
place in the front yard of a respectable upscale condominium complex. It was
warm. Windows were open. Someone might overhear.

  But Fran was right. Mike was fourteen when he and his mother had lived in the
same building as the Feinsteins. Mike was a typically horny teenager who
couldn't keep his eyes or hands off Fran. Mike reached forward and shook Morty's
hand. Mike could feel the bones through the paper-thin skin.

  "Come on in and have a beer," said Fran

  "No, I should let you get moved in first," said Mike

  "Fuck that, get your ass inside. I want to hear what's been happening since
Morty and I left." said Fran

  Mike decided that it wise to take the conversation inside out of ear range of
nosy neighbors. In a few seconds, Mike found himself seat on a couch surrounded
by unpacked boxes. Morty went off to the kitchen and brought back three beers.
He handed one to Mike.

  "Morty, for Christ's sakes, get Mike a glass. You want him to think we're
white trash," yelled Fran causing Morty to scurry back to the kitchen.

  "They're not unpacked yet," Morty called from the kitchen.

  "The bottle's fine," Mike replied as he took a swallow.

  "Do you live nearby?" asked Fran

  "We're one town house over from you."

  "Well, it looks like we've all come up in the world. These places are much
nicer than those dumps in Terrace Place. I hear that place has really gone down,
only pimps, drug dealers, and crack whores live there now," said Fran taking a
swallow of beer.

  Mike looked over at Fran as she crossed her leg to reveal the upper portion of
her thighs. There were indentations formed by well-developed muscle.

  "Old habits die hard, huh, Mikey boy, still trying to catch a glimpse of my
snatch, you were the horniest little kid I ever knew, you were fourteen years
old and couldn't keep it in your pants," said Fran.

   Morty returned to the living room, his search for glassware unsuccessful.

  "Sit down Morty, you're making me nervous." Said Fran. Morty promptly took a
seat and drank a long swallow of beer. 

  "So what's been going on with you and Morty since you moved away?" Mike asked.

  "Not much to say really, I left when I got promoted by the telephone company
to manage the customer service center over in Lynn and that's what I've been
doing for the last nineteen years. The company decided to consolidate the Lynn
Center with the one here in Springfield and they brought me back to run the
whole show."

  "Sounds like a very responsible job," Mike said. One thing Mike did remember
was that Fran for all her earthiness and bawdy behavior was anything but stupid.
In fact, his mother had always said Fran was smart and clever.

  "It is if your idea of responsibility is supervising fifty hysterical cunts
listening to customers bitch all day."

  "I see you language is just as colorful as ever," replied Mike.

  "I see you still like to look at my cunt," said Fran as she open her legs as
far as her tight skirt allowed. Mike glanced at the opening but the light wasn't
good enough to see anything. He could see that Fran was wearing hose that had
elastic in the topics. He remembered Denise calling them "stay-ups". There was a
cream colored ace band at the top.

"Sorry, I guess old habits do die hard," Mike replied. Mike was wondering how he
so quickly found himself right back into a world where he was a sexual planet
orbiting a sun named 'Fran's Cunt'.  He thought of himself as the kind of
gentleman who could resist an opportunity to look up a skirt but not when it
came to Fran Feinstein. Somehow all the rules changed the minute he saw he at
the mailbox.

  "Remember the time I caught you jerking off outside my bathroom window," asked
Fran shifting her legs to let her skirt ride up further.

  "I was just a kid full of raging hormones," Mike replied. He could still
remember trying to watch Fran through the fogged up bathroom window. He had
risked life and limb to climb out on that fire escape and get a look at her
privates.

  "Yes and I made you climb through the window into the bathroom and finish the
job where I could watch. You were adorable standing there looking embarrassed
with a hardon making a tent in your jeans."

  "That was one of the most, no the most, embarrassing and humiliating moments
in my life, you made me play with myself while you watched, Hell I was only
fourteen," said Mike remembering how after that that first encounter he couldn't
think of anything but Fran and her cunt. She practically owned him after she
opened the bathroom window and pulled him inside.

  "Hell, I figured if you wanted to play with your dick while looking at me, you
might as well get a good view, not fall off the fire escape and kill yourself
trying to see through that window."

  "I guess you file that under coming of age stories," said Mike uncertain
whether he was embarrassed or incredibly turned on recalling that day.

  "That wasn't the only thing I made you do. I remember I was in my period and I
made you change my tampon. I bet that's the only time in your life a woman made
you insert a new cotton pony in her cunt. I bet you've never done it for
Denise."

"I see you haven't loss your capability for embarrassing the living hell out of
me. No, I've never changed Denise's tampon. You're still the only woman whose
sanitary napkin I've ever inserted," admitted Mike starting to recall just how
crazy sex between Morty and Fran and he and his mother got before the Feinsteins
moved away.

  "Your hand was shaking so hard I thought you couldn't do it. First I made you
pull the old one out by the string and smell it. I made you taste the menstrual
blood just like you were some American Indian engaged in a sacred tribal rite.
Then I used it to paint your face like a Sue Indian. Finally I showed you how to
use the applicator to insert a new tampon. I think mine was the first pussy you
ever touched. I can still recall the look of concentration on your face as you
pushed the plunger on the applicator. I kept telling you to breathe and relax.
You would have thought you were disarming a bomb," laughed Fran.

  "You were the first woman I had ever actually seen let along touched," said
Mike realizing that even after twenty years Fran's filthy mouth still had the
capability to get him hard. She had a way of casually talking about the
filthiest things imaginable without blinking an eye. It had turned him on when
he was fourteen and it was turning him on at thirty-four. He remembered his
fingers brushing against the lips of Fran's pussy as he positioned the tampon
applicator over her vagina took a deep breath and slowly pushed the plunger.

  "I keep it shaved these days with a straight line of hair that functions as a
runway. I just happen not to be wearing any panties. Here take a look. You've
been wanting to check out home base since we sat down," said Fran as she reached
down and pulled her skirt up slightly and adjusted her legs so Mike could see a
closely cropped rectangle of blonde pussy hair above her clitoris. Fran's cunt
was completely hairless.

  "Brazilian bikini wax, hurts like hell especially when they wax your asshole,"
said Fran placing her legs over the chair arms to lift her butt off the seat so
she could slide her skirt up to her waist.

  "You might as well get a good look," said Fran.

  "Morty," said Mike gesturing toward Morty seated only a few feet away.

  "Don't worry about Morty. He likes to watch, always has. He used to hide in
the closet watch us fuck and jerk off. Now, about all Morty can do is watch
unless he takes a shot of Viagra; then he's a fuck machine at least till the
drug wears off. Booze and cigarettes have taken their toll on him. But with the
aid of modern pharmacology, Morty can now get it up and fuck like a real man."

  "I remember how he used to watch us through the slats of the closet door."

  "He got off on it. Morty always loved to watch then clean me up afterwards.
Morty was then and for that matter still is, a cream pie eater. That's how he
got his kicks, licking cum out of my twat. Speaking of that closet in our
bedroom at Terrace Place, Morty would sit in there for hours quiet as a mouse
while you and I did the nasty. He watched me take your cherry."

  "I remember that. Especially, I remember the first time we really did it,"
said Mike his cock growing hard. Mike had never expected that Fran would want to
revisit things that most people would prefer were never mentioned again.

  "Glad to see your memory is still good. Then you also remember my hiding you
in there so you could watch Morty and I with your Mom."

  "Yes that was something. Mother just about died when you called me out of the
closet. She always felt what we did those last weeks before you moved away were
the worst sins she ever committed. She made me go to church with her and pray
for forgiveness. But, she said it was too awful to confess to the priest. Mother
always said you and Morty forced her into those things," said Mike recalling his
Mother's reactions to what happened when they got involved with Fran and Morty.
Mike's mother had never mentioned what happened once the Feinsteins move away.

   "Forced, that's a good one. Your Mom was practically a nymphomaniac once we
got her started. You place a pussy on your Mom's face and she couldn't keep her
tongue in her mouth. She also developed a craving for Morty's cock. Of course,
that was to be expected since your dad had left a long time ago and she had been
stuffing rubber schlongs in her cunt for years."

  Mike looked over at Morty who was staring into space with a crooked smile on
his face seemingly oblivious of the lurid conversation taking place a few feet
away. Fran was right. Twenty years ago, Mike had hid in the bedroom closet while
Fran, Morty and his mother had done a three way. Mike vividly recalled peering
through the thin openings between louvers. His hand jerking his cock as he
watched Fran sitting on his mother's face while Morty fucked her. It had gone on
quite a while and Mike jerked off three times before Fran walked over and slid
the closet door open to show Mike's Mom that her son had been masturbating while
watching them.

  His mother had gasped and tried to get up and run away but Fran held her down
and Morty spread her legs wide apart so Mike could climb on top and screw her.
His Mother had been crying and saying "Its not right," over and over again. Mike
was too horny to stop. Once he got in cock in his mother's cunt, he humped her
like he had Fran, slamming his cock into her pussy already filled with Morty's
sperm. As he neared his climax, several flashes went off in the room. Mike saw
Fran taking Polaroid's of him fucking his mother. Later he heard Fran tell his
mother.

  "I wouldn't make a fuss if I were you. Child Services would have a shit fit if
they saw those shots of you fucking your son. Incest is a serious crime. They'll
throw your sorry ass under the jail and Mike will wind up in a foster home."

  After that, Fran had a hold on Mike's mom. Fran and Morty had several parties
that Mike wasn't invited to but his Mom had told him about when she got back.
Mike's thoughts were interrupted by Fran's voice.

  "Remember how to give a foot massage like I taught you?" asked Fran.

  "Sure do, Denise loves them. Nurses are on their feet a lot," said Mike.

  "Show me," said Fran as she used one foot to drag an ottoman over to her
chair. She placed both feet on the ottoman, spreading her legs as wide as the
ottoman allowed. Fran parted her labia and gave her clitoris several strokes.

  "My pussy is recalling the things we did. It's purring and getting all wet
just remembering little Mike Perkins," said Fran as she separated her labia and
placed a wet finger on her clitoris.

  "Mind if I jerk off while you give me a foot massage?"

  "Sure, Okay," Mike replied as he came forward and grabbed a nearby straight
chair and placed it directly in front of the ottoman. Mike started by removing
Fran's pumps. Then Mike took one hose clad foot in his hand and placed one hand
on top and one on the bottom and slowly bent the toes forward and back. Then he
squeezed the instep.

  "Oh baby, I love it, just keep doing it while I melt," said Fran picking up
the pace of her fingers as they stroked her clit.

  "Your feet always smelled good. They didn't smell like feet. I see you still
wear hose rather than pantyhose," said Mike

  "A girl's pussy needs to breathe. What does Denise wear?" asked Fran

  "A nurse's uniform that requires white pantyhose," said Mike.

  "Too bad, specially for a man like you that loves an open cunt on display.
Maybe she doesn't wear any pants when you go out. With pantyhose, you never get
to look up her skirt and view the old pussy. Here live a little, remember how
much you like to fuck that hole?" said Fran as she reached down and grabbed her
labial lips and pulled them apart to open her vagina.

  "Yea, I remember, you're getting me hard," replied Mike.

  "Outside of the fact that I wax it these days, does it look like you
remembered it?" asked Fran.

  "Yes, I always thought it looked hungry," said Mike who glanced nervously over
at Morty.

  "Quit worrying about Morty. Watching is about all the pleasure he can handle
these days, I pretty much have to get myself off," said Fran as she licked her
fingers and then reached down again to touch her clit. She slid two fingers of
her other hand into her vagina.

  "I'm all wet, Mike. Here put a finger in me and see if it still feels the
same."

  Mike leaned forward and inserted his index finger in Fran's opening. Almost
instantly, he felt her vagina grip his finger.

  "Little trick I learned in Tantric Yoga a few years ago. Keeps the cunt
muscles toned," said Fran.

"You were the first woman I ever did it with," said Mike as he used his other
hand to stroke his cock inside his pants.

  "I've shown you mine, pull it out and show me yours, I want to see how's it
grown in the last twenty years," said Fran

  Mike kept one hand on Fran's foot as he unzipped his pants and fished his cock
out of his boxer shorts.

  "Glad to see you got your growth. Let me have a feel," said Fran as she
reached forward and put her hand around Mike's cock and started stroking it.
Mike felt his cock get instantly hard.

  "Bringing back old times," asked Fran as she stroked Mike's cock.

   "God, yea, it feels great," said Mike

  "Morty, Morty, look, look at Mike's cock. Pay attention when I talk to you,
See it get hard. Remember when yours could get hard," said Fran. Morty did look
down at Fran's hand as it stroked Mike's cock. He smiled and placed a hand on
his groin and rubbed himself. Mike returned to massaging Fran's feet as he heard
the sound of Morty's zipper.

  "Poor old bastard, he was a great fuck in his day, he certainly made your
Mother squeal. These days I could suck it for a month and never get it hard." 

  "I remember Morty and Mother. She wouldn't admit it but she liked it," said
Mike recalling his Mother's legs wrapped around Morty's waist as she yelled for
Morty to fuck her harder.

  "Morty took your Mom's backdoor cherry. Morty was the first man to fuck Inez
in the ass. Man did she let out a squall when she slipped it in her poop chute.
But she got used to it and before long, she became a backdoor girl," said Fran.

  Mike continued to rub Fran's stocking feet as she stroked his cock. He leaned
forward and inhaled the aroma. Then he leaned even further forward to where his
nostrils captured the smell of Fran's cunt. All of a sudden, he was fourteen
again, dying to get his first piece of ass eager and willing to do whatever it
took to get in Fran's pants.

  "Come over her and suck one of Fran's big tits just like you did twenty years
ago. Remember we used to pretend you were my baby and I was nursing you, " said
Fran who had already unbuttoned her print blouse. She unsnapped her bra at the
front. She pushed off the bra to reveal her large breasts. Her nipples were hard
and sticking straight out.

  "Oh how you loved to suck on these, you kept trying to get my whole tit in
your mouth, you were a greedy little bastard. Come over here Mikey and suck
Momma Fran's tits," said Fran.

  Mike moved over to the chair and took one of the huge nipples in his mouth
while his fingers squeezed the other one. Fran had a good hold on his cock and
was slowly stroking him harder and harder.

  "What a sweet baby boy you are. I see you haven't loss any of your enthusiasm
even after twenty years. Here let Momma Fran taste that little drop of pecker
juice that's perched on the tip of Momma's boy's cock," said Fran as she bent
over and ran the tip of her tongue over the head of Mike's cock. At that point,
Mike lost control. He stood up for a moment, unbuckled his belt and pushed his
pants and briefs down t his knees. He grabbed Fran's legs and pulled them to
bring Fran onto her back. He spread her legs wide. He used the head of his cock
to part the lips of Fran's cunt then slipped it into her vagina.

  "Oh Goddamn that feels good. I haven't had a good fuck in a week, ram it in
until it comes out my mouth." said Fran as she wrapped her arms around Mike and
pulled him into her.

  Mike felt Fran's cunt squeeze his cock just like she had squeezed his finger
moments ago.

  "Morty, you watch Mike fuck me. He's really screwing me good. See his big cock
go in my snatch," said Fran as she placed her hands on her ankles and pulled her
legs back toward her shoulders. Mike thought that mid fifties or not, Fran was
flexible as a twelve year old ballerina.

  "Can Denise do this?" asked Fran as she gave Mike's cock a powerful squeeze.

  "No," replied Mike recalling how little effort Denise put into their
lovemaking the last few months.

  Mike began to slam his cock into Fran. He was making loud grunting sounds.

  "That right, fuck the shit out of Momma Fran, grind yourself against her clit,
make it hurt, baby, make it hurt," moaned Fran as she pumped his cock. Mike saw
that Fran was humping her pussy upward to meet his downward thrusting cock. She
was humping him like a bitch in heat. Fran raised her body to where she was
almost in a sitting position. Mike felt her powerful hands reach around him and
grab his ass. He moaned as one of her fingers penetrated his sphincter.

  "I bet Fran's baby boy would like her to pack his shit, I got a strap on we
can try next time," said Fran as she worked a finger in and out his anus.

  Fran's entire body convulsed as she began to climax. She was incredibly
strong, especially when she was in heat and there was a cock in her. Her arm
muscles were the kind you built in the gym with free weights working hour after
hour.

  "Look Morty, watch him stroke me, remember when you used to sit the closet and
watch little Mike screw me," said Fran as she locked her long legs around Mike's
butt and started to hump against him.

  "You're still the best fuck I ever had," whispered Mike.

  "Go, baby, go, fuck your momma, fuck old Fran's twat till it bleeds,"
whispered Fran in Mike's ear.

  "Man you're cunts hot and tight," said Mike.

  "Exercise, baby boy, ever morning I exercise my cunt muscles like it was a
religion. I stick a walnut in my twat and crack it."

  It was over too quick. Fran's filthy mouth always pushed him over the edge.
Mike felt the first squirt of cum leap out of his cock into Fran's cunt. A good
half dozen more squirts drained his balls entirely. Mike rolled off Fran out of
breath.

  "Nice full load, I can feel it. Here Morty, feeding time," said Fran as she
got up from the armchair and walked over to Morty. She placed her knees on the
arms of Morty's chair and straddled his face. She placed her hand on the back of
his head. Fran gently pushed Morty's head down toward her cunt.

  "Here baby, you lick Mike's sperm out of me, that's right, take your time,
enjoy it, Mike put a lot in there for you," said Fran.

  Mike got up and dressed. He was appalled at what had just happened this
afternoon. He was a married man. That hadn't meant he hadn't occasionally gotten
a little pussy on the side but this was different. Somehow he needed time to
think and gain some sort of perspective about what happened this afternoon. As
Denise would have said, "He needed some time alone to process the fact that he
had just fucked a fifty four year old ex-neighbor while her husband watched."

  "Well Fran, I better get back to my place. Denise will be home soon," said
Mike feeling embarrassed and not knowing what to say.

  "I know, you hate to fuck and run. Let's the four of us get together sometime
soon," said Fran kneeling there with her knees on the arms of Morty's chair.

  "Sure, I'll check and see when she's available. She works some odd hours at
the hospital."

  As Mike closed the door, he looked back to see Fran patiently letting Morty
enjoy his cream pie. She was naked from the waist up. Her skirt was bunched up
above her thigh high stockings. The only sound was Morty's tongue slowly lapping
Mike's cum as it seeped out of Fran's cunt.

  Mike gave a thought to undressing and screwing Fran again. Based on
experience, he knew she'd got for it. Then he decided he'd engaged in enough
insanity for the afternoon.




Chapter 02  -Recalling The Good Times



Please take note! Adults Only Literature

The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written for
adults only.

If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing this
file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
now.

This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
is purely coincidental, etc.

Copyright 2003

***

  "What am I getting myself into?" Mike asked himself. He was seated on the
couch trying to watch the Red Sox play a second game of a twilight doubleheader. 
Denise was working the 3 to 11 shift this week and wouldn't be home for several
hours.

  "I just fucked a fifty four year old woman and did it like an alley cat
putting it to a pampered 'best in show' Persian. Fran was definitely no longer
young but she still makes my cock hard just looking at those big tits. My God,
her nipples are even bigger than I remembered them. And the way her cunt milked
his cock. He had felt muscles in her cunt walls pulsing and squeezing his cock.
My God what a fuck that woman is even after all these years. Mike noticed he was
starting to get hard again thinking about this afternoon. He let his memory
wander back twenty years.

  Mike's dad had up and disappeared one day leaving his Mother to raise him. His
parents hadn't fought or argued. Mike's old man had just left one day to work in
the glass factory and never come home. After a while, the police decided that he
had just gotten tired of married life and skipped town. "Happens all the time,"
declared the police officer.

  The loss of his father's weekly paycheck occasioned him and his mother to slip
down the economic scale. They had to sell the house and move into a small
two-bedroom apartment where his mother's salary as a clerk in the local
department store could cover the rent. Terrace Place had blue collar written all
over it. It wasn't exactly a ghetto and the residents were honest and hard
working but it still wasn't the kind of place you looked at and announced, "I
want to live there." No, residents of Terrace Place lived there because that was
all the rent they could afford.

  Mike had turned fourteen that summer and found himself moved to a different
school district. All the kids he considered friends and thought he would be
going to high school with now lived on the other side of town. Mike could
vividly recall the first time he met Fran and Morty. It was a Saturday and his
mother had to work. He decided to leave the apartment and explore the
neighborhood.  He was in the hallway of Building 2 when he first heard Fran's
voice.

  "Hey kid, you want to make a couple of bucks?" Mike heard a voice as he was
waiting for the elevator. Mike turned around and there was a tall blonde woman
wearing a pink robe and a pink pair of shoes that people called scuffs. "Pink"
was his first impression, a bright garish pink that almost seemed to glow. The
scuffs had a clear Plexiglas heel and a funny pink set of feathers on the front.
The robe was a bright satin pink. She was standing in the doorway of the
apartment directly across the hall from his. The robe was slightly open and one
leg was visible up to mid thigh.

  "Me, you talking to me?" asked Mike

  "No, I'm talking to myself. You see anybody else here in this hallway. I asked
if you wanted to run an errand and make a couple of bucks."

  "Sure, what do you need?" asked Mike

  "I just phoned an order into the drug store over on Melrose. The chink bastard
that owns the place tacks on a $5.00 delivery charge. But if you go get it, I'll
give you say $2.50 and save $2.50. It's only five or six blocks. Interested?"
asked Fran

  "Sure," Mike replied. Hell he wasn't doing anything and the money could come
in handy.

  "Come in here and let me give you some money," said Fran disappearing from her
doorway. Mike followed her into the apartment. Fran was standing there digging
her wallet out of an enormous black purse.

  "Tell Charlie Chan or whatever the fuck his name is that the order is for the
Feinsteins. It's a carton of Camels, a carton of Salems and a case of Schlitz. 
Here's two twenties, that should be enough," said Fran offering the money to
Mike.

  Mike recalled the drugstore was more like ten blocks away but he had a good
bike with a luggage rack over the rear wheel. He tied the order on with a bungee
cord and managed to get everything back to Terrace Place without a mishap. Fran
opened the door wearing the same bathrobe and scuffs.

  "That was quick. Morty, come get a beer and meet the neighbor kid," yelled
Fran.

  "What's your name? I can't keep calling you kid."

  "Mike Perkins. My mom is Inez Perkins. We just moved here." Mike replied

  "I'm Fran Feinstein and Morty's my husband. Where did you move here from,
Mike?" asked Fran.

  "We had a house over in Elmdale."

  "Elmdale is pretty nice. You and your mom must have a reason for relocating to
this dump."

  "My dad left us. The house cost more than Mom could afford."

   "Hard times, huh, kid. Put the beer in the fridge, Mike"

  When Mike returned to the Living Room, Fran was seated in a cushioned armchair
with her legs straight out on an ottoman. On the end table there was two ones
and fifty cents in change. There was a thin older man seated on the couch
smoking a cigarette. Morty was one of those human beings that seemed to have
zero percent body fat. Morty reminded Mike of a kite, just paper stretched tight
over wooden sticks. No muscle and no fat just skins and bones.  He was the
complete opposite of Fran who while not exactly fat bordered on it. Mike's
grandmother would have called Fran 'hefty'. Fran was also several inches taller
than Morty.

  "Morty this is Mike, He went over on Melrose and got our order," said Fran.

  "Where's the Schlitz?" asked Morty who glanced at Mike but didn't really
acknowledge the introduction.

  "In the fridge, Mike get Morty a beer, would you?" asked Fran.

  Mike returned the kitchen, got a bottle from the refrigerator and felt it, and
called out, "they're not cold."

   "Bring him one anyway," Fran yelled back. Mike located an opener and returned
to the living room handing the warm open bottle of beer to Morty. Morty took a
swallow and let out a sigh that Mike interpreted to mean, "Morty was satisfied."

  "There's your money on the table. Will you do me one more favor?" asked Fran.

   "Sure."

  "I just got off from work, been on my feet all night. I'm a floor supervisor
for Ma Bell. You know how to give a foot rub?" asked Fran.

  "I've never done it before."

  "Never too late to learn, where does your Mom work?"

  "She sells cosmetics over at Blevins's Department Store."

  "So she's on her feet all day too, surprised she hasn't taught you to rub her
feet, sit down on the end of the ottoman," said Fran.



  Mike recalled sitting down and taking Fran's feet is his hands and positioning
them between his legs. He was sitting straddle on the ottoman. Fran had let the
robe fall open and was wearing a bra, a short half-slip, and light colored
stockings. God everything she was wearing was pink. Mike stared at the open
robe.

  "Never seen a woman in her undies?" asked Fran but she didn't cover anything
up.

  "Sorry, what do I do?"

  "Let's start with the left foot. Move in closer and pick it up and put it in
your lap."

  Mike did as he was told, careful not to touch Fran's foot to his groin area.
Mike placed his left hand under the heel of Fran's left foot and raised it up,
causing Fran's slip to move up, exposing more thighs.

  "Now carefully and slowly roll my toes back and forth while you squeeze my
instep. Not too hard, but hard enough so I can feel it, then slowly bend the
front of the foot up and down."

  Over the next ten minutes, Mike mastered the art of foot massage. Actually, he
remembered there wasn't much to it. As Mike massaged the right foot, Fran
relaxed to the point where her slip rode up to where Mike could plainly see her
pink panties. They were slightly askew and Mike could see tuffs of hair slipping
out of one of the legs bands. Fran seemed to be asleep so Mike kept massaging
her feet and moving her legs to get a better view of her crotch. Mike was
concentrating on maximizing the amount of pussy hair visible beyond the elastic
of the leg when Fran said.

  "Never seen a pussy before, Mike?"

  "No," said Mike as he jumped and dropped the foot he was massaging back onto
the ottoman.

  "Don't stop, perfectly normal for a young boy to want to catch a peek of a
hairy snatch. Isn't it? Morty" asked Fran

  "What? I didn't get that," replied Morty.

  "Goddamn it, Morty, pay attention when I'm talking. I said it was perfectly
normal for a young boy to want to catch a peek at my pussy."

  "Yea, it's normal. All boys like to look at pussy. I know I did when I was his
age," said Morty

  "How old are you Mike?" asked Fran.

  "Fourteen last month," Mike replied.

  "Morty, how old were you when you saw your first pussy?" asked Fran.

  "Cindy showed me hers when I was eleven."

  "Bastard can hardly remember his name but he can probably tell you the exact
date, time, and place, his sister showed him her cunt. Now why am I not
surprised? Cindy is Morty's older sister and a total fucking slut. Every
swinging dick in Springfield dipped his wick in Cindy Feinsteins tail. She's had
more bones in her than a graveyard," laughed Fran.

  "Cindy's married now. She's got two kids," said Morty.

  "Yea, but neither of them looks like Frank her husband. The youngest, Donnie,
looks just like that Italian she works for at the auto dealer. No wonder she
gets a new car every year she probably sucks his greasy Wop dick every day,"
said Fran.

  "The car goes with the job. It's part of her pay," said Morty.

  "Yea, you and Frank believe everything that little cunt says. It all goes to
prove that men will believe anything a woman says as long as she lets them fuck
her," said Fran.

  "Cindy does okay," Morty said ending that particular conversation.

  "So when did you get your first look, Mike?" asked Fran

  "I haven't ever seen a woman down there." Mike replied

  "You never sneaked a peek t your Mom or played doctor with a neighbor girl,"
asked Fran?

  "No, never," said Mike although he had come close a couple of times. Mike
remembered when one of the girls in his old neighborhood had shown her tits to
Mike and several friends. They had been in the basement of Mike's best friend's
house and Debbie Walker had taken her blouse and bra off on a dare. She was
going to show them more but his friend's Mom came home and everybody had to
leave.

  "So would you like to see how a pussy looks?" asked Fran

  "Yes," was all Mike could manage? His throat felt incredibly dry. Was Fran
really going to expose herself to him with her husband sitting a few feet away?

  "As a reward for doing my feet, remember today is June 20th and the time is
10:45, this is how a pussy looks," said Fran as she reached down and grabbed the
waistband of her half-slip and panties and slipped them down to her knees.

  "Pull them the rest of the way off," directed Fran.

  Mike grabbed the rolled up slip and panties and pulled them all the way off
then handed them back to Fran. Mike looked between Fran's legs at the large
triangle of black hair."

  "Hold my legs up and apart and I'll show you how it all works," said Fran.

  Mike picked up Fran's legs at the ankles and raised them up while he spread
them wider. He recalled thinking her legs were heavy and hard to hold up while
he was in a sitting position. Fran reached down and parted the triangle of black
hair.

  "See that little knobby thing. That's a clitoris and that's what gets a girl
hot. If I rub it like this it feels real good. It feels even better if you get
it wet first with a little spit. Go ahead and spit on it for me," said Fran.

  Mike fought off the urge to panic and run. He looked at Fran's spread open
pussy and the little knob of flesh. He certainly wanted to do something with it
but he didn't know about spitting on it.

  "Go ahead, lean over real close and give it a little spit, it won't bite you,"
said Fran.

  Mike slowly leaned forward. Fran gave him a little help by dangling one leg
over an arm of the chair. When Mike got close, the smell of Fran's cunt invaded
his nostrils. There was definitely a urine smell but there was also the same
musky odor he had gotten when he took a pair of his mother's panties out of the
dirty laundry hamper and smelled them.

  "You like the smell of pussy?" asked Fran.

  "Yes, it smells like my mother's," Mike responded then realized in a panic
what he had just said.

  "Oh, your Mom lets you smell her pussy," said Fran immediately picking up on
what Mike had let slip.

  "No, she doesn't do that."

  "Oh, somebody has been going through the dirty clothes. I bet you've buried
that little snout in Momma's drawers. They're probably pretty ripe after a day
working at Blevins. Hey Morty, you ever smell your Mom's drawers?" asked Fran.

  "Sure, every kid does that some time, its just natural," said Morty.

  "Yea, its natural if your name is Feinstein and you are poor white trailer
trash from upstate New York," said Fran.

  "My people had money, my daddy was a contractor," said Morty

  "Your daddy did odd jobs for people. Just to prove my point, Morty once fucked
his own Mom, you fucked that drunken slut when she was passed out, didn't you
Morty?" said Fran.

  "Dammit Fran, I told you not to tell people about that, that was a secret
between us."

  "Don't worry, Mike can keep a secret. Can't you Mike?" asked Fran. Mike was
staring at Fran's pussy while she talked. He was trying to figure out how to
accurately spit on the little knob. One thing Mike did know was that spit was
not accurate. He almost felt light headed from the strong aroma emanating from
Fran's triangle. He broke his concentration and leaned away from Fran's pussy to
reply, "Yes, I can keep a secret."

  "Sure you can. Morty's family lived in Elmira, a real shit town near
Schenectady. Mom and Dad had been to a bar and came home shit faced drunk. They
were so fucking drunk that Morty's Dad screwed her right on the living room
floor then they both passed out cold. Morty watched them fuck from the kitchen;
then since Mother Feinstein was lying there all spread out, her skirt up around
her waist and her twat leaking out dad's spunk, Morty decided to get him a
little. So he climbed on top of the drunken cunt and fucked his own mother. She
stayed passed out through the whole thing. Now if that's not white trash
behavior, what is?" said Fran.

  "Lot of boys want to fuck there own mother, only natural," responded Morty.

   "Mike, you ever thought about fucking your mother? I bet you'd like to stick
that cock of yours I Mom's snatch and hear her moan," asked Fran

  "No, " replied Mike but he knew it was a lie. Lately, he had been fantasizing
about climbing on top of his mother and fucking her until she begged him to
stop.

  "But you are willing to bury your nose in her dirty pants and give them a good
sniff. And I bet your little prick got hard when you did it. Morty may be right.
All you men want to fuck your Mom," said Fran as if she were repeating a
universal truth.

  "I thought you were going to spit on my clit, lost your nerve?" asked Fran.

Mike immediately leaned forward again.

  "Just slowly drop a nice glob on it. Just drool it out and let it fall," said
Fran who had taken Mike's head in her hands and pulled it to where his face was
inches from her pussy. Much to Mike's surprise he successfully targeted a nice
big gob of spit right onto Fran's clit. Fran pushed his head back and started to
swirl his spit around and on her clitoris. Mike realized he was hard as a rock.

  "Now that feels good," said Fran who was slowly rubbing Mike's spit into her
clitoris. Fran reached down with her other hand and spread her cunt lips wider
to reveal to Mike the opening to her vagina.

  "That's the hole. A pussy's only got two working parts, the clit and the hole.
The hole is where you put your cock and the clit is what makes it feel so good
for a woman to get fucked. You want to watch while I get myself off?" asked
Fran.

  Mike only managed to nod in reply. His throat felt dry as toast. He kept
pressing one of Fran's feet because he knew that if he stopped, his hands would
be shaking like a leaf. Fran was using two fingers to work his spit around her
clitoris. It had expanded a little and changed to a darker color since she
started. Mike's cock was hard as a rock. The only sounds in the room were Mike's
hands rubbing Fran's stocking feet. Fran's hand was moving quickly over the
surface surrounding her clit pausing occasionally to give the knob of flesh a
little light pinch. Mike stayed motionless as Fran's breathing increased its
pace, her enormous chest starting to rise and fall heavily. Finally she sucked
in a couple of deep breaths, twisted around in the chair and let out a loud sigh
as she finished.

  "Oh shit, fuck, that was good. Nothing like getting yourself off while your
feet are rubbed. Whew, that emptied my tan," said Fran as she collapsed back in
into the armchair.

  Mike had been totally mesmerized. He had actually watched a woman jerk off.
Something he had not been entirely sure woman even did. But there it was. The
lips around Fran's pussy glistened with moisture. The clit was sticking out and
red as fire.

   "Kid, you better gets home. I need to get to sleep. I got another night shift
to work this weekend," said Fran. Mike slowly stood up, his legs cramped from
sitting straddle on the ottoman so long.

  "Morty, look at Mike's boner," said Fran as Mike stood up. His cock forced his
jeans straight out. Morty didn't answer. He was staring out in space. Fran
didn't seem to expect Morty to reply.

  "I'm sorry," said Mike.

  "Nothing to be sorry about. I'd have taken you for a queer if you had gotten a
stiffy watching me masturbate. Maybe next time, I'll let you take yours out and
we can get off together."

  Mike had gotten up and left. He hurried back to his apartment and jerked off
several times. "Maybe she'll let me fuck her," Mike had thought. Mike took a
bottle of Jergen's lotion out of his nightstand and played with himself as he
thought about Fran's cunt spread out, her fingers racing up and down the sides
of her clitoris. He had stayed in bed and jerked off until his mother came home
from work.

  When Mike's Mom undressed and put on a housecoat and parked herself in front
of the television, he had walked into the living room and said.

  "I ran an errand for the couple across the hall. I made $2.50," said Mike.

  "That's nice. Do they seem like nice people? I need to meet all the neighbors
in the building," said Inez.

  "Yea, they're nice. She asked me to massage her feet. She works at night. She
said I should offer to massage yours seeing as how you stand on them all day at
work," said Mike

   "You massaged her feet that sounds very cozy. How old a woman is she. Was it
just the two of you?" asked Inez in a voice that indicated a level of concern.

  "Her husband Morty was right there. He watched me do it," said Mike

  "Oh, I guess that's all right then. My feet could use a little rubbing, show
me what you learned," said Inez comfortable now that she had found out that the
husband was there.

  Mike moved a straight chair into place and took one of his mother's feet in
his hands. Mike's mom adjusted her housecoat so Mike couldn't see anything. Mike
started to rub his mother's feet like Fran had taught him.

  "Oh, that does feel good. What's the neighbor lady's name?" Mother asked as
Mike went to work.

  "Fran, and her husband's Morty. Their last name is Feinstein. Morty's from
Elmira, New York and Fran works for the telephone company," said Mike as he
carefully massaged one of his mother's feet.

  Mike put the foot he had been working on down and picked the other one up,
raising it higher and wider than was absolutely necessary.

  "Behave yourself," said Inez as she adjusted her housecoat. Inez reminded
herself it was only natural for a young boy to be curious even about his mother
but it was the mother's role to keep things within certain bounds.

  That brought Mike back to the present. Yes, it was twenty years ago that Fran
had shown him her pussy and played with herself in front of him. "Hottest
fucking day of my life, well at least one of the hottest," whispered Mike to
himself.

  Mike saw that the game was almost over and that the Red Sox were loosing as
normal. Mike pulled his cock out and started to play with it. He relived that
day with Fran and came quickly. He grabbed a tissue off the end table and wiped
cum off his cock and hand. He placed the tissue on the end table. The Sox were
attempting a rally in the bottom of the ninth. Mike watched for a few minutes
then drifted off to sleep lying on the couch with his cock out.

  That was the way Denise found him when she got home at 11:30.




Chapter 03 - The Course of True Love



Please take note! Adults Only Literature

The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written for
adults only.

If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing this
file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
now.

This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
is purely coincidental, etc.

Copyright 2003

***

  "Wake up, you've been a bad boy," said Denise.

  Mike startled awake. He had fallen asleep on the couch. The television was
still on and Denise was standing over him in her RN uniform. His pants were open
and his cock was exposed.

  "That's quite a sight. What got you so horny today? I don't recall coming in
before and finding you asleep on the couch with your cock in your hand. Would
you mind throwing away those wadded up tissues on the coffee table? Assuming you
used them for what I think," said Denise.

  Mike walked the tissues full of dried cum into the bathroom and threw them
into the commode. He rinsed his hands off, and then realizing he had to pee,
directed a stream of urine into the commode.

  "I like a man who doesn't shut the door when he pees. Of course, since I'm an
RN, I get to see men and women pee all the time, sort of takes the thrill out of
it," said Denise walking up to the bathroom door and looking in as she
unbuttoned the front of her uniform dress.

  "Shave any big cocks today?" asked Mike hoping to change the subject. This was
a fantasy discussion he and Denise liked to play out. It served to keep life
interesting. After several years of marriage, their interest in sex seemed to be
in steep decline. Mike tried to use fantasies to maintain a minimal level of
excitement.

  "Sure did, a twelve inch one on a black man. The other RNs on the floor took
turns shaving it; but I was the one that got to lather it up. It was like a
giant black snake that kept writhing in your hand when you held it. It kept
wiggling like it had a life of its own. It stayed hard while we removed all the
hair off his groin and balls. We figured he deserved a thrill before they took
him in the OR and fixed his double hernia," said Denise.

  "Sounds very hot, what did the candy strippers think?" said Mike playing
along.

  "Natalie, the youngest one, the cute little blonde who lives to suck big black
cocks, decided Mr. Taylor needed something to insure a positive mental attitude
before the operation so she climbed up on the bed and slid his meat rocket right
inside her sixteen year old twat. It looked kind of weird because she and Mr.
Taylor were both eating a complimentary Mars bar while they fucked," said
Denise.

   "Natalie carry complimentary condoms on her cart?" asked Mike

  "No way, all the candy strippers and RNs are bareback girls. Don't want latex
between our cunts and a hard cock. Besides we like the feeling of warm cum
dripping out of her cunts as make the rounds," said Denise

  Mike leaned into Denise and kissed her. It was a game they played when she got
home each evening. Denise told him a dirty story about the hospital. Mike tried
to embellish it. Mike wondered if his desire for a woman with a filthy mouth
started with Fran.

  His cock was still out and Denise reached down and grabbed it while they
kissed.

  "So what did you do tonight?" asked Denise.

  "I watched the game. Sox lost again."

  "And that made you horny enough to play with yourself? I wish I had been here
to watch. Maybe I should worry about you watching those big strong baseball
players while you jerk off? Was it the catcher all crouched over with his glove
down low protecting his nuts or was it the pitcher winding up to deliver a
ninety-mile fastball across home plate? You're not going queer on me, are you?"
asked Denise stroking Mike's cock.

  "Not hardly with you for a wife. By the way, I met the neighbors who just
moved in and guess what?" asked Mike

  "She gave you a piece of her ass while her husband watched," asked Denise

  "Nothing that exciting, it's a couple that lived next door to Mother and me
when we lived in Terrace Place. Twenty years later they move back to Springfield
and into this same complex. Their names are Fran and Morty Feinstein," replied
Mike a little startled at the accuracy of Denise's comment.

  "Terrace Place is a real dump. A good part of our ER caseload comes from
there. I heard they are thinking about tearing it down," said Denise.

  "It was better twenty years ago, not great but better than it is now. Fran
works for the telephone company. I used to run errands for them, mostly
cigarettes and beer. Somehow they haven't changed."

   "What are they like?" asked Denise who was striping out of her RN uniform.



"Fran's in her mid fifties, I think 53 or 54. Morty is fifteen years older. That
makes him sixty-eight. Morty is one of those guys that was sixty-eight the day
he was born. Fran's a tall hefty woman who always dressed, well, let's be nice
and say provocatively. When I was fourteen, she got my motor running," said
Mike.

  "She must have restarted it today since you decided to masturbate on the couch
or was it the Red Sox's new pitcher from the Dominican Republic. I could jerk
off watching him pitch. I love the way he scratches his nuts every time he's on
the jumbo-tron. Sometime I wish he'd just pull it out and play with it so we
girls could fantasize about him sliding his big Latin cock in our hot wet cunts,
Oh, Raul, split me open with that big bat of yours, " moaned Denise as she
reached between her legs and grabbed her crotch.

  "And I love it when you talk dirty," said Mike as he hugged Denise and reached
behind and grabbed her panty hose clad butt and pulled it against him.

  "That feels good but I'm exhausted. We had three Code Blue incidents tonight.
Both didn't make it. Where are you working tomorrow?" asked Denise

  "Over at Wyndham Place, three more homes in the development are ready to be
wired. By the way, I talked to Ronnie again about us going into business for
ourselves. He wants to wait until the economy get a little better in the fall;
but it looks like I may be working for myself by next Christmas." said Mike as
he slipped into his pajamas bottoms.

  "That's wonderful. I know you want more than just a job with Simmons
Electric," said Denise as she finished undressing and slipped a nightgown over
her head.

  Later Mike found himself lying in bed awake. He was quietly stroking his cock.
He didn't want to wake her. Being unable to sleep always seemed to happen when
he fell asleep on the couch. Denise was sound asleep beside him.

  Denise's remark about him screwing Fran had scared the Bejesus out of him. God
was she psychic? He and Denise had been married four years and things were going
well now after a rocky start. When he met Denise she had just broken off her
engagement to a guy she had been going with since she was a sophomore in high
school. Denise and her fiance had called it quits just as Denise was graduating
from nursing school.



  Denise met Mike through some mutual friends, hit it off exceptionally well and
got married in a quiet ceremony six months later. Neither Mike nor Denise had
much family. Mike had only his mother who lived in an assisted living home and
Denise was also raised in a single parent home; but Denise's mother had died of
breast cancer a year before Denise met Mike.

  The rocky start was brought about when Mike discovered quite by accident that
Denise was still seeing the ex-fiance.  Six months after they were married, Mike
had shown up at the hospital unexpectedly to surprise his wife and take her to
lunch. As he was parking the car, he saw Denise exiting the building. He started
to get out of the car and wave to her when he saw her wave to another man who
drove up to the curb and picked her up. Mike watched in amazement as Denise
leaned in and gave the man a kiss.

  Mike followed them to a residential neighborhood where they got out and went
into an apartment building. Mike waited for a few minutes then stepped into the
apartment entranceway and looked at the names on the mailboxes. Mike had never
met Denise's ex but he knew the name, Larry Tompkins, and there it was on the
mailbox. Mike waited outside for two hours before Denise and the guy emerged and
he drove her back to the hospital. She was laughing when she went to exit the
car. You could see she was pushing his hands away playfully. They kissed
passionately then Denise hopped out and went back to work.

  Mike was not the kind of man who lost his temper. He preferred to think of
himself as a very deliberate calculating person. He recalled an old saying his
mother used to repeat, 'what's good for the goose is good for the gander,' There
was another journeyman electrician in his class that was female, part of a court
mandated affirmative action program, in response to the statistic that all most
one hundred percent of the state's master electricians were males. Cynthia had
shown an interest in him; so he figured what the hell and asked her out for
coffee after work.

  "What made you change your mind?" asked Cynthia. He had previously turned down
her suggestion that they visit Starbucks together.

  "Just thought it would be a good idea that we got to know each other better
since we will be working together. Besides I wanted you to know that I think
bring women into the apprentice program is a good thing."

  Mike and Cynthia had ended up in bed together after the second visit to
Starbucks. It was hot raunchy sex and Cynthia had screwed him until he cried
'uncle'.

  Mike, deducing that affairs often followed a regular pattern found himself
next week on the identical weekday and time in the hospital parking lot with his
Nikon camera and a telephoto lens he had just purchased. Right on schedule,
Denise emerged and got picked up by the ex as Mike snapped half a dozen images.
He followed them to the apartment and took more shots of the two of them
entering the building. Mike noted that the ex had his hand on Denise's butt as
they walked into the building. Mike finished the roll of film with more shots of
Denise and the ex leaving the building and returning to the hospital. 

  That night while Denise was fixing dinner, he dug her underwear out of the
dirty clothes hamper. The crotch of her panties and pantyhose was stained and
felt crusty. Mike put his nose in the panties and inhaled the odor of another
man's cum that had slowly leaked out of his wife's cunt.  He found himself with
a hardon as he thought about Denise being fucked by another man. He knew how
Denise liked to be fucked and he had seen her ex pick her up and fondle her ass.
He took the panties into the bathroom, locked the door, buried his nose in
Denise's soiled crotch and jerked off as he pictured her getting the shit fucked
out of her and begging her ex to fuck her harder. That was something she didn't
seemed willing to do with Mike anymore.

  The next week Mike was at his position on the correct day and time but Denise
went straight home after work. Mike managed to observe Denise getting off every
workday for a solid two weeks and each time she went straight home. In the
meantime, he and Cynthia were still getting together and doing the nasty at
least once a week.

  Mike went back to the apartment where Denise's ex lived and checked the names
on the mailbox. The ex's name was missing. As Mike was standing in the alcove,
an old man appeared.

  "If you're looking for Larry, he skipped town, left in too big a hurry to take
his stuff, now I have to pack it up and get it to Good Will. I'm the Builder
Super," said the old man

  "Where did he go?" Mike asked.

  "Someone said Los Angeles, but who knows. How much did he owe you?" asked the
old man

  "Nothing, he didn't owe me anything," said Larry

  "Well, you are probably the only person in Springfield that Larry Tompkins
wasn't in debt to. He was a real fucking deadbeat, owed the owners three months
rent. I heard he lost some bets to the kind of people that you don't want to owe
money so he had to leave town. There were some bent nose types here looking for
him last week," said the old man. 

  "He didn't owe me any money but he did borrow some stuff. Any chance I could
go in and pick it up." Mike fished around in his pocket and came up with a
twenty he showed the old man. Mike wanted to satisfy his curiosity about the man
that his prim and proper wife had decided to commit adultery with.

  "Sure, why not, take anything you want, less for me to carry down to the Good
Will."

   Mike entered the apartment not quite sure what he was looking for. He went
into the bedroom. The place was a mess. The bed hadn't been made. He pulled the
cover back and saw there were several stains on the sheets. Mike reached over
and ran his hand over the stains wondering if they were from Denise's pussy. He
started to get a hard on imaging Denise naked on the bed with Larry on her
pounding away.

  Mike interrupted his reverie to look over the rest of the room. There was a
large half squeezed tube of lubricant on the night table. Mike opened the night
table drawer to find some sex toys or marital aids as nice people called them.
There were a couple of battery powered dildos, several different size butt
plugs, and something Mike recognized as an 'anal probe'. There was also an open
box of condoms. Mike wondered if Denise made Larry use condoms. Probably not,
Denise was on the pill. Besides she'd had a crotch full of dried Larry juice
both times she came home after fucking him.

  Mike looked over at the other night table where there was a large ashtray with
a marijuana pipe lying beside it. Mike checked out the other nightstand drawer.
There were several pornographic pocket books, wacking material, was how Mike
described it. There was videotape containing hardcore sex. It was labeled with a
"Amazing Adult Video Rentals' label. Overdue and not likely to ever be returned
was Mike's thought.

  Mike looked at the television and VCR located at the foot of the bed. For some
reason, he walked over to the VCR and pushed the eject button.  The opening
served up a cassette that Mike picked up and looked at. It was not pre-recorded
like the other one. Mike read the hand written label 'Denise P, 7/14'. 

  'Denise P' most probably stood for Mike's wife. Mike opened his wallet and
took out the plastic card containing this year's calendar in small type. '7/14'
was the last time he followed Denise and Larry to the apartment. Could Denise
and Larry have been making a video of them fucking. Mike found that hard to
believe.  Mike had once suggested Denise pose for some nude Polaroid shots and
she had gone ballistic.

  "No way, you men take those kind of pictures of your wives and girl friends
and show them around to other men, do you want other men to masturbate to
pictures of your wife?" shouted Denise when Larry had walked into the bedroom
carrying their Polaroid.

  "I was just thinking it would be fun, we'd be the only ones who'd ever see
them," said Mike a little surprised at the ferocity of Denise's objection.

  That's what you say now. One of the nurse supervisors let one of her old
boyfriends take some photos of her naked and even some of her and him doing
things. After a while, she breaks up with the creep. Three years later she's
married and expecting her first child. Her husband comes home one afternoon and
presents her with a set of those pictures. Her old boyfriend had posted them out
on a Internet Web site along with her married name, address, and husband's
telephone number," said Denise.

  Mike pushed the cassette back into the VCR and turned on the television.  The
sound came on first and he could hear Denise's familiar high-pitched little
grunt before the picture popped up. Then the picture appeared and there was
Denise on the bed with Larry Tompkins plowing her cunt. Denise had her feet in
the air and Larry was slamming into her. The picture was taken from an angle
that was high and off to the right. Mike watched for a while and decided the
camera didn't move. Mike looked around the room and spotted a grate work
covering an air return located almost at the ceiling. It was the bedroom's air
return for the HVAC. Mike went over to the wall, stepped up on a chair and
looked into the grate. There was a camera lens staring back.

  Mike used one of the tools off his knife to unscrew the grate and remove what
looked to be a very expensive camcorder. The camcorder looked to be worth more
than anything else in the apartment. Mike realized that 7/14 was the second date
he had trailed Denise to Larry's. Maybe there were more tapes.

  The closet was open and Mike walked over to look inside. There were a lot of
empty hangers indicating most of the clothes were missing. Mike looked up on the
closet shelf to see there was a stack of magazines. Mike reached up and pulled
them down. They were hardcore skin magazines with titles like 'Anal Whores', or
'Teen Age Cum Sluts', the kind of stuff you bought in an adult store.

  Mike wondered what Denise sees in this guy. Denise had insisted that Mike
dispose of his porn when they had moved in together. She made him give away
several dozen hardcore videotapes he acquired over the years. Denise was also a
very neat, tidy and particularly clean person. The place was filthy and the
furniture looked pretty well used. The overall effect could best be described as
poverty stricken. Denise had a real thing for cleanliness. Their condo was
spotless and the sheets were changed every other day. Mike had a hard time
imaging Denise lying there on those filthy sheets but as the video showed, there
she was, now switched to all fours with Larry holding her hair on one hand while
he fucked away. Denise was fucking back too. She was grunting and kept
repeating, "fuck me Larry, fuck me Larry".

  Mike reached up to put the magazines back on the shelf when his hand brushed
something behind them. He reached to the back of the shelf and pulled forward a
molded plastic case. He got it down and opened it. There were more tapes. Three
more had Denise's name on them and the date.  The dates were earlier than when
Mike first saw Larry and Denise together. There were tapes with other girls'
names on them and the date. One other label caught his eye. 'Tracy Lukas' was
Denise's best friend. They had gone all the way through high school and nursing
school together. Tracy had been Denise 's Maid of Honor when Mike and Denise got
married. There were a several 'Tracy L' tapes with dates interspersed with the
dates on Denise's tapes.

  Mike walked over to the VCR and swapped the Denise tape for a 'Tracy L'.
"Bingo" said Mike as Tracy's friend appeared on screen in the cowgirl position
riding the cock of Mr. Larry Tompkins.

  The oldest tapes were dated mid June. Maybe that meant Denise only started
screwing Larry about eight weeks ago or it could mean that Larry only purchased
the camcorder within the last eight weeks and Larry and Denise had been fucking
for months, maybe ever since Mike married her or even before.

  Maybe Denise fucked him right before she drove to the church to marry me,"
said Mike aloud to the empty room. Maybe just as she was saying, "I do", Larry's
cum was oozing out of her cunt down to the blue garter she wore.

  Mike found an old athletic bag on the floor and packed the tapes and the
camcorder into it and left.

  Following Larry's disappearance, Denise had seemed tense and emotional for
several weeks. Mike decided to let everything ride. He put the pictures and
cassettes away in a safe place. He carefully reviewed each of the four Denise
cassettes. He was a little more than pissed when he realized how excited and hot
Denise got with Larry versus the cool, mechanical, and 'lets get it over with'
sex they were having these days. He learned some interesting things from the
Tracy tapes. Mike considered confronting Denise but for some reason he decided
to let it ride. Every few weeks or so, he would play one of the tapes and jerk
off.

  Mike kept meeting Cynthia for a while until the affair ran its course.  After
that, he had another affair with an older woman named Debbie who managed an
apartment complex where Simmons Electric had a contract to modernize the
electrical wiring. Mike recalled that Deb had resembled Fran. She was taller and
more mature and as she called herself, 'a big boned girl', actually she had been
pretty overweight. Overweight or not, the clothes tended toward spandex
stretched to he point that you could almost see through it. The sex had been
hot; Deb had a thing for anal sex. For Mike that was a first. But as with
Cynthia, matters ran their course and Mike quit dropping by for a fuck after a
while.

  For the last six months, he had been faithful until this afternoon when he
screwed Fran right in front of Morty.  Mike lay awake thinking about Fran and
Morty.

  "She certainly turned me on, just like when we lived at Terrace Place," said
Mike thinking about the way he had just jumped on her body and pounded away. It
had been animalistic. Hell it was within an hour of having met her. Mike knew
that his memories of the Feinsteins were twenty years old and that memories
could play tricks on you. Sometimes you didn't remember how it happened, you
remembered how you wanted it to happen.

  But Fran was right about him spying on her through the bathroom window. He had
gone out on the fire escape that very first night after he met the Feinsteins.
He had to lean way over to look in their bathroom window. He stepped off the
fire escape and onto a narrow ledge right outside their bathroom. Mike's
fourteen-year-old cock was thinking for him as he climbed off the iron fire
escape and onto a ledge where he could peer directly in the bathroom window.
Fran had come into the bathroom wearing that bright pink bathrobe and matching
scuffs. She started the shower and then took the bathrobe off and hung it up on
the bathroom door hook.

  Fran was completely naked as she sat down on the commode and peed. She wiped
herself with a wad of toilet paper and then stood up. Mike was hard as a rock.
The window was getting fogged up from all the hot water steam produced by the
shower so Mike was having a hard time seeing what was going on. All of a sudden
the bathroom window shot open and a hand reached out and grabbed him. Mike was
hauled through the bathroom window and found himself facing a naked Fran
towering over him.

  "My God, kid, you could fall off that ledge and get killed. I must say I'm
flattered you'd risk your life to see me naked but didn't you get a good enough
look this afternoon?" asked Fran.

  "I'm sorry, please don't tell my mother," said Mike realizing he had a hardon
pushing out the front of his jeans.

  "Did you watch me pee?" asked Fran pushing Mike up against the wall.

  "No, yes, well that's what you did so I watched," said Mike thinking he too
scared to make much sense.

  "Well, you've seen mine so I want to see yours."

  "You're not going to tell my mother."

  "Maybe, maybe not, it depends, I'm thinking about dragging you by your cock to
your place and telling her how you got out on the ledge to watch me take a
piss."

  "God no, she would kill me," said Mike on the verge of tears.

  "Does your mother let you watch her pee?" asked Fran.

  "No, of course not," Mike replied.

  "But sometimes you listen don't you, you stand at the bathroom door and hear
the noises she makes when her piss splatters in the commode bowl, you stand
there with your pecker in one hand and listen through the crack in the door, you
keep perfectly still at the sound her turds make when they hit the water and you
know how she grunts when she pushes a big one out, you listen and then you go
back to your room and grab your dick and wish you were in there with your cock
in Mom's mouth while she sits on that commode, am I right Mike?" asked Fran

  "Please, don't tell her I was here. I'll run errands for you and your husband
for free. I'll rub your feet every day when you get home from work," said Mike
his eyes full of tears. Mike recalled that he started to blubber. Mike looked
over at Denise to make sure she was still asleep. He realized his eyes were
filled with tears. He was crying right now just as he cried twenty years ago.

  "You do what I say then, what I tell you, when I tell you, no questions asked,
no arguing with Mother Fran, I'm the boss," said Fran.

  "Anything you say, just don't tell my Mom, can I go now," said Mike anxious to
escape to somewhere that he could stop crying and feeling so helpless.

  "You go when I tell you to, get your clothes off," said Fran.

  "What?" Mike muttered. He had hopped she would send him on his way.

  Fran's hand lashed out to deliver a full force open palm bitch slap that
landed squarely on Mike's left cheek. The blow was hard enough to send his
entire head to one side and his left ear rang as the heel of her palm landed
squarely across it. The pain was enough to cause him to grab his face and start
crying.

  "Don't you ever 'what me', boy, I get enough of that dumb shit from that
pathetic excuse of a husband of mine, I can run out of here right now screaming
you tried to rape me and call the cops on you. They'll take you down to juvenile
and put you in a cell with some niggers. By the time they let you go, you'll
have a case of the clap and an asshole you can drive a truck in. Is that what
you want?" asked Fran who leaned her face to where it was inches from Mike's.

  Mike completely broke down at that point and started sobbing, "Please, I'll do
anything you say, just stay here, I'll do anything." Mike started to
hyperventilate and was having trouble catching his breath. Mike felt himself
getting dizzy and the room started to spin. He blanked out for a minute.

  "Wake up baby, Fran's got you," Mike remembered coming back to full
consciousness. Fran was seated on the commode and he was in her lap being held
like a baby. He must have passed out.

  "Good thing I caught you before you hit the floor," said Fran as she held
Mike's head against her breast. Her nipple was pressed into his cheek. Fran was
naked and Mike was still fully clothed.

  "Dry your tears, baby boy," said Fran as she passed him a tissue. Mike dabbed
his eyes dry and blew his nose. In one way, he felt ridiculous to be fourteen
years old and lying in Fran's arms cradled liked a three year old but in another
way he felt warm and safe. His slapped cheek was resting against one of Fran's
tits; the burning sensation was going away, drawn into the warm soft skin of her
breast.

  "Listen, from now on you are Fran's little boy and you do exactly what Fran
says, you going to mind me better than you mind your own Mama, it's going to be
that way, isn't it Mike," Fran cooed to Mike as she held him.

  "Yes, Ma'am, I'll do exactly as you say," Mike said and somehow he knew that
he meant it in a way that he had never meant it before when he promised to obey
an adult. His whole being wanted to please Fran and do exactly as she commanded.
It was no longer a matter of threats; it had become what he desired more than
anything else.

  "Here's a kiss for my new baby," said Fran as she leaned over and gave Mike a
French kiss. Twenty years later Mike can recall the feeling as her tongue
invading his mouth. Like everything about Fran, it was a large wet tongue and it
reached deep into his mouth and met his tongue and intertwined with it.

  "Now get naked, you can help me bathe, Roman ladies used to have male slaves
that bathed them" said Fran as helped Mike to get up off her lap.

  Mike didn't hesitate although he had never been naked with a woman before in
his life. As he kicked his sneakers off and pushed his jeans down, he realized
he was happy. In a few moments, he was nude and stood up to face Fran.

  "For a skinny fourteen year old, that's a nice piece of meat," said Fran as
she reached out and took Mike's cock in his hand. Mike started to get hard as
her hand wrapped around his penis.

  "I think I can find a use for that; but not tonight, got my period," said
Fran.

  Mike must have been embarrassed when Fran mentioned her period. He felt his
face redden.

  "I guess the menstrual cycle is something that you need explained," said Fran
as she sat on the commode and spread her legs.

  "See that string hanging out of my puss," asked Fran.

  "Yes," replied Mike feeling his level excitement rise.

  "Well, that's a tampon, known technically as a feminine hygiene napkin. You
reach in there and slowly pull on the string," said Fran.

  Mike grabbed the string hanging out of Fran's vagina and gave it a little tug.
It didn't move.

  "Pull a little harder, but don't jerk," said Fran adjusting her legs to a wide
spread.

  Mike pulled harder and a cotton pad merged stained almost black on one end.
Mike held it up by the string and looked closely at it. He had seen those
before. Several times, his mother had left them floating in the commode. He
remembered the way they created a red blur in the surrounding water.

  "Its just cotton that's been sponging up menstrual blood. Put it in your mouth
and taste it," said Fran.

  Without a moment's hesitation, Mike placed the used tampon in his mouth and
sucked on it.

  "Tastes like a rusty pipe, doesn't it?  Lots of iron in menstrual blood, give
it to me," said Fran.

  Mike took the wet tampon out of his mouth and handed it to Fran. She took it
in her hand and smeared it down both his cheeks and then across his forehead.
She made some more passes across his face and then turned him around to face the
mirror.

  Mike looked into the mirror. Fran was standing behind him. He did look like an
Indian in full war paint. Her hands were on his shoulders.

  "Look at yourself, you're mine now, you got my period painted on your face and
you've had it in your mouth, you belong to me as long as I want, right Mike,"
said Fran.

  "Yes, I belong to you," replied Mike automatically.

  "Look under the sink. There's a box of fresh tampons. Get one out. You're
going to put it in," said Fran.

  Mike quickly located the box under the sink and pulled out one of the plastic
applicators. It was pretty simple to see how it worked. Fran was back on the
commode with her legs spread wide and even lifted a bit. She was holding her
pussy lips apart.

  "Just maneuver the applicator into my hole, do it gently, don't push the
plunger until I say so," said Fran.

  Mike's hand started to shake as he tried to nudge the tip of the plastic
applicator inside Fran's vagina. He grabbed his wrist with the other hand to
stop it from shaking. But Fran took his hand and guided the tampon home.

  "Now push the plunger," commanded Fran.

  Mike had been relieved when he completed what he felt was one of the most
delicate and mysterious acts he had ever been asked to perform.

  "Good job, you just passed your first test as Fran's bath slave, now let's get
in the shower and we can wash each other," said Fran.



  Fran had allowed Mike to take a sponge and wash her entire body. Then she gave
him a loofah to use her on her back and feet. At one point, she had bent over
and pulled her butt cheeks apart.

  "Soap up your fingers and wash my asshole," said Fran

  Mike lathered up both hands and carefully washed around Fran's anus.

  "Stick your fingers in me and clean out my butt, take it easy."

  Mike had poked a soap finger in Fran's hairy brow hole and worked it around.
When he pulled it out, her shit was under his fingernail.

  "Now let me do you," said Fran. And she had washed him from head to toe.

  "Ever had your cock sucked?" asked Fran

  "No, Ma'am" was all Mike managed to reply.

  "Here, always remember Fran Feinstein was the first," said Fran as she knelt
down in the shower and took his hard cock in her mouth. Mike didn't last long
before he pumped a load in Fran's mouth.

  "Nothing tastes better than boy cum. Here I'll share it with you," said Fran.

   Fran stood up and gave him a kiss with her mouth still full of his sperm. He
had tasted his sperm before but this time was different.

  "Let's get dressed. I got to get to work," said Fran

  When Mike had finished dressing, he started toward the window, planning to
leave as he entered.

  "Whoa there, you can leave by the front door. We're four floors up. I can't
have my baby boy splattered all over the street," said Fran

  "What about your husband, Morty?" Mike asked

  "Morty, don't you ever concern yourself with him, he's my problem."

  Mike walked out of the bathroom and went to the front door. Morty was seated
in the living room, a cigarette in one hand and Schlitz in the other. Fran held
on to Mike's shoulder bring him to a stop by Morty's chair.

  "Morty, you remember Mike, he was here this afternoon," said Fran

  "Of course, I remember, you're the kid that went to get our smokes and beer,"
said Morty.

  "He just came in through our bathroom window to watch me pee. We took a shower
together and I sucked him off."

  "We're going to need some more beer, can the kid go get it tomorrow?" asked
Morty

  "Sure he can, can't you Mike?" said Fran.

  "No problem, right after church if you like," Mike replied.

  "Soon as my period's over, I'm going to take Mike's cherry, that okay with
you, Morty?" asked Fran

  "Schlitz is my favorite, what kind of beer you like, kid?" asked Morty

  "Mike's too young to drink beer," said Fran as she pushed Mike toward the
door.

  When Mike got home, his mother was waiting supper.

  "Where you been?" asked Inez

  "Just checking out the neighborhood," replied Mike

  "Have you met any of the neighbors?" asked Inez

  "Just the lady next door and her husband, I told you about that," said Mike

  "As soon as we eat, get your bath," said Inez.

  Mike had almost said something like "just had one" but caught himself in time.

  Lying there in the dark listening to Denise breathe, Mike knew he couldn't be
sure of all the details but he was right on the major points. One good thing
about Denise, she was a sound sleeper. He could jerk himself off and she's sleep
right through it.




Chapter 04 - Training Days



Please take note! Adults Only Literature

The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written for
adults only.

If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing this
file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
now.

This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
is purely coincidental, etc.

Copyright 2003

***

  With Denise working a second shift and Mike days, they spent a considerable
amount of time apart from one another. Denise was starting to get enough
seniority at the hospital to bid for a first shift job but there was a fifteen
percent shift premium for second shift work and they were saving to buy a house.

  So Denise was home during the day when the doorbell rang. When she answered
it, she found a towering six-foot blonde standing in the doorway.

  "Hi honey, you must be Denise, Mike's wife, I'm Fran Feinstein, my husband
Morty and I bought the townhouse next door. We were Mike's neighbors in the old
days over at Terrace Place," said Fran

  "Hi, please come in, Mike told me that you had taken the place next door.
Mike's at work," said Denise

  "I just wanted to stop by and invite you and Mike over for cocktails Saturday
night. Mike told me you worked in the evenings so Saturday it has to be," said
Fran

  "We'd love too but I'll have to check with Mike and let you know. I'm pretty
sure we're free but I'll need to confirm that with him. Would you like to come
in and sit down?" asked Denise.

  "Thanks anyway but I got to run. I don't officially start my new job until
next week but they asked me to come in for a meeting of the senior managers,"
said Fran

  "Mike said you just got promoted to a more responsible position with the
telephone company, I must say you look very businesslike, it must be quite a
job" said Denise noting that Fran was wearing a tailored black wool pantsuit, a
white silk blouse, and a string of pearls. It was a sophisticated, elegant look
that went well with Fran's oversize physique. Denise felt a little overawed. She
was only five foot four inches tall. Fran had to be over six feet in heels.

  "Director of the New England Customer Call Center is the title they gave me. I
went to Boston and bought this Jil Sander pantsuit to celebrate. I keep
reminding myself that until recently my clothes mostly came from Macy's or
Wal-Mart. All the Customer Service Centers are being consolidated. I've been in
Customer Service since I graduated from Worcester Polytechnic Institute.  This
is my impress the boss outfit. Mike said you were a nurse," said Fran

  "Yes, over at Lynnwood Memorial, I fairly new, still trying to decide whether
to specialize in ICU, OR, ER, or Pediatrics. Hard to decide which way to go,"
said Denise

  "I always say go where the money is," said Fran

  "That's good advice, Mike said you and your husband were good friends when
they moved to Terrace Place," said Denise.

  Yes, but unfortunately not for very long, I got promoted and moved to Lynn to
manage the call center for greater Boston," said Fran

  "So you knew Mike's Mom also?" asked Denise

  "Sure, Inez, lovely woman and quite a looker, Mike tells me she isn't well,"
said Fran

  "Yes, Inez lives over at Wellfleet Assisted Living, she's in the very early
stages of Alzheimer's, some days she's normal, other times she doesn't remember
who Mike is, its very sad and difficult for Mike, he was close to his Mom," said
Denise.

  "It's hard when you watch people you love get old and lose their health. Some
day I'll face that with my husband Morty, he's fifteen years older than me.
Anyway about Inez, that's too bad, when I knew her, Inez was a hot ticket, the
life of any party she was at, the men over at Terrace Place couldn't get enough
of her company," said Fran

  "That's surprising, I always got the impression from Mike that his mother
never dated or even socialized after his father left," said Denise

  "Inez never dated? I'll have to tell that to Morty. He was quite a fan of
Inez. When we lived at Terrace Place, Inez was a hard core party girl."

"Mike never mentioned anything like that."

  "Mike is just being loyal to his Mother and that's as it should be. It's good
that Mike speaks well of his Mom but just between us girls, Inez had round
heels, when a man nudged her, she rolled over on her back and spread her legs on
the way down," said Fran laughing

  "He is very loyal to her. He visits her quite often," said Denise not knowing
how to respond to this surprising news. "Maybe Mike didn't know what his Mom was
up to, children can turn a blind eye to their parent's problems," said Denise
rather shocked at this revelation.  Of course, ever since she had known Mike,
his Mother has been elderly and in declining health.

  "Mike knew, he was sharp as a tack, very little got by him even if he was
fourteen. But I guess after all these years who wants to tell their wife that
Mom was the neighborhood pump," said Fran.

  "I guess you're right," said Denise a little uncomfortable with finding out
that the nice little old lady who often had trouble recognizing her own son, had
a lurid past.

  "Nice chatting with you but I got to run. For Saturday, I'll dig up some
pictures of the old days at Terrace Place and show them to you."

"That would be great. I would love to see them."

  After Fran left, Denise thought about what she had just heard. Inez Perkins as
a wild woman, that was something Denise would have to adjust to. Mike always
talked about how his Mother took him to Mass every Sunday even on days it
snowed. Denise thought about her own mother. One of the things that drew she and
Mike together was both of them were the only child of single female parents.

  Denise's mom had certainly dated after her father was killed in an accident at
the factory where he worked. There had been a succession of men around, some of
whom were married. One or twice things had gotten out of hand.

  Denise could vividly remember one Sunday afternoon when her mother opened the
front door to receive a solid punch in the nose. Denise was ten years old and
had been standing near her Mom when she answered the doorbell. The next thing
Denise knew her Mother was down on the floor on her back with blood pouring out
of her nose. There was a tall woman standing in the door with blood on her
closed fist.

  "You been messing with my man Rodney," announced the rough looking woman as
she stepped inside and kicked Denise's Mom in the crotch causing her to grab
herself and scream.

  "If you think that hurts, you let Rodney put it in there one more time and
I'll really make it hurt," yelled the lady.

   The woman then stomped on each side of her Mom's chest. Denise's mom screamed
each time; the lady slammed her foot down upon a breast.

  "Leave my mother alone," Denise screamed as she ran forward to push the lady
away from her Mom.

  The much larger woman grabbed Denise and slapped her hard across the face.
Denise tasted blood in her mouth.

  "So this is the whore's little girl? Did you know your Mommy is a slut? You'll
probably be just as big a whore as your mom when you grow up," said the lady
holding Denise by the arm.

  "My Mother's none of those things," Denise had cried out.

  "Women who fuck married men are whores and sluts," said the woman. She shoved
Denise away and leaned down and grabbed Denise's Mom's hair and pulled her up by
it.

  "Listen carefully, slut. Rodney West is my husband. You keep letting him come
over here and fuck you and I'm coming back with my sister and we're going to
carve you up so no man will ever look at you, we'll start by cutting your tits
off," said the woman who dropped Denise's Mom to the floor and left.

  Denise had to help her Mother to the bathroom to clean up the blood. There
were other times things got ugly but that one was the worst as far as Denise was
concerned.

  The lesson Denise drew from her Mother's problems was that she wanted a solid
and respectable marriage with no extra-curricular activities on either of their
part. She had married Mike intent on being a very different person from her
mother. No woman was ever going to show up at Denise Perkins door and accuse her
of infidelity. Denise had made a terrible mistake in allowing Larry Tompkins to
take her to his apartment those times. The worst part was that she could not
understand why she permitted Larry to take advantage of her now that she was a
married woman. Mike was a decent hard workingman who always treated her with
respect. Larry was a no good bum who lived like a pig and used her like she was
a street whore. Thank God it had ended before Mike had found out.

  "I'll never do that again. That time I was acting no better than my Mother.
But thank God, Larry left town. Denise thought about the old tale that good
girls are attracted to bad boys. Larry was certainly that, especially now that
his gambling had gotten out of control. Denise had promised herself that she was
going to be a faithful wife to Mike. I'll never even look at another man as long
as I live," said Denise.

  Denise was about to rush out the door to work when Mike arrived.

  "That Fran lady invited us over for drinks Saturday. I said we'd come unless
you have something else planned," said Denise.

  "Fran was here?" asked Mike.

  "Yes, what an Amazon, all I could think of was a Valkyrie when I opened the
door. I felt like little people around her. She's quite striking. She's doesn't
look fifty four."

  "I know. She has aged well. My mother used to say that Fran reminded her of an
Amazonian warrior. Even today, she reminds me of a blonde Xenia."

  "She told me that your mother like to party when you lived at Terrace Place.
You always told me that you Mom lived like a nun after your dad left," said
Denise.

  "She pretty much did except for a brief period when we knew the Feinsteins.
Fran can be a hell of an influence, she brought something out in my Mom, after
Fran moved away, Mom went back to her old ways," said Mike

  "So are we free Saturday," asked Denise

  "Yes, I have nothing planned."

  After Denise left, Mike heated up the supper that Denise had left in the oven.
When he finished eating, Mike decided to go to a local bar and have a few beers,
maybe watch the Red Sox play on the bar's big screen television.

  While Mike was waiting for the game to start, he recalled how his mother got
involved with Fran and Morty.  He remembered the night it started.

  "Where have you been, young man?" asked his Mother when Mike got home.

  "I've been running an errand for Fran and Morty."

  "You've been over there for three hours. Errands don't take three hours. What
could a fourteen year old boy possibly have in common with a middle aged married
couple?" asked Inez with anger and concern in her voice.

  "It was just an errand and sometime I rub her feet, she stands on them while
she works supervising the call center."

  "I think something else is going on. I want this to stop, it's not normal for
you to spend so much time with them," said Inez.

  "I have a good time with them. There's nothing else to do here. I don't know
anybody that lives around Terrace Place. All my friends are back in Elmdale."

  "If you didn't spend so much time with the Feinsteins, you'd have more time to
make new friends your own age," said Inez.

  Mike had sensed this day was coming. He had spent the afternoon in bed with
Fran. Morty was out. Of course, years later Fran told him that Morty was in the
closet watching Mike and Fran go at it. Fran had taught him about sex in a
methodical step-by-step fashion. Today's lesson had been mostly oral sex with
the two of them in what Fran referred to as a sixty-nine. Mike recalled how it
felt to have his face underneath Fran with her large powerful thighs on each
side of his face and her cunt pressing down over his mouth. Mike's mouth had
stayed glued to Fran's cunt, licking her clitoris and even her asshole when she
had straightened up. Fran seemed to really get off on positioning her pussy over
Mike's mouth and nose and smothering him. She would suck his cock like mad while
he gasped for breath as he worked his tongue into her vagina. A couple of times
he had gotten dizzy and almost passed out from lack of air. Then finally, the
smothering had gotten even more serious. He blacked completely out as her mouth
brought him off to an incredible climax.

  When he came back to life, Fran gave him a deep kiss that flooded his mouth
with his own sperm.  Her tongue slid around inside his mouth mixing the cum with
her cunt juice that he had been sucking out of her wet pussy. Mike realized that
he was getting a hard on sitting there in a bar twenty years later just thinking
about what Fran had done to him. No woman had ever gotten so down and dirty. No
one even Debbie had performed such no holds barred sex with him.

  He recalled that in spite of suffocating, he was enormously turned on when his
nose and mouth were buried in Fran's cunt and her mouth had engulfed his
fourteen-year-old prick all the way to his balls. That afternoon just as he
began to black out from lack of oxygen, his cock had released in Fran's mouth.
He had never felt so much cum spurt in her mouth that greedily swallowed some of
it down. When he came back to consciousness, he was covered in sweat.

  "You like being pussy smothered, didn't you?" asked Fran

  "I never came so much before." Was all my Mike could manage to reply.

  I like a man who like to take his last breath from the inside of my cunt,"
Fran had said.

  Fran had laughingly said she approached teaching Mike about sex like she was
training a new customer service representative. "You start with the basics and
wind up teaching the most advanced techniques at the end. Learning to drop your
load when your air is gone is part of the advanced course," Fran had said.

  Mike's current problem was that none of the women he had known since Fran had
even the slightest inclination to sit on his face and suck his cock until he
passed out.

  But Fran was monopolizing his time and his mother had noticed. His mother had
been making comments lately about why would a thirty four year old woman be
interested in the company of a fourteen-year-old boy. Mike knew his mother was
no fool. She had probably guessed what was going on; but didn't know how to deal
with it.

  "I want you to stop going to the Feinsteins," said Inez.

  "No," said Mike.

  "No, you've never told me 'No' before. That woman is a bad influence on you.
She's encouraging you to defy your own Mother, God knows what else you and her
are doing," said Inez.

  "Just leave it alone, Mother, stay out of my business, please just leave it
alone," said Mike

  "Listen, I'm your mother and responsible for you. I'm going to talk to Fran
Feinstein right now and get this settled," said Inez standing up.

  "Please, Mother, don't" Mike begged but Inez brushed by him and walked out the
apartment door. Mike heard her ring the doorbell of Fran's apartment. Then he
heard Fran's voice say, "Mrs. Perkins, please come in." This was followed by the
sound of a door closing. Mike had expected to hear a row. The walls at Terrace
Place were not all that thick. But everything was quiet. Mike opened his
apartment door and listened in the hallway. Nothing was being said over at the
Feinsteins that was loud enough to reach the hallway.

  Mike recalled how he thought maybe Fran and his mother weren't arguing. Fran
could be incredibly persuasive and forceful. Perhaps, she had convinced his
mother that nothing wrong was happening. Mike relaxed somewhat when he looked at
the clock and realized that his mother had been over at the Feinsteins for
forty-five minutes and he hadn't heard even a loud voice. Mike turned on
television and waited. He wisely resisted the urge to go over and find out.

  It was over three hours and since his Mother went across the hall and Mike had
fallen asleep when the telephone rang. It was Fran.

  "Your mother has a little too much to drink, come over here and help her back
to your place," said Fran.

"You all didn't' argue?" was all that Mike could manage.

  "No, it was very friendly, she just had one too many, your mom can be a lot of
fun when she loosens up, come get her," said Fran

  Mile had hurried over across the hall. He was totally shocked to find his
Mother sitting in a chair with her dress unbuttoned all the way. Even more
unsettling, it was obvious; she was not wearing any underwear under the dress.
The dress unbuttoned down the front. All the buttons were undone.  His mother's
eyes were closed.

  "Here's her panties and bra," said Fran handing the garments to Mike. Fran was
wearing her pink satin robe. Morty was sitting nearby in his boxer shorts
smoking a cigarette and drinking a beer.

  "What happened?" asked Mike

  "What do you think? Do I have to draw you a picture? We had a few drinks. Your
Mom got a little tipsy and decided to lose her clothes. "

  "She was coming over here to tell you to leave me alone," said Mike.

  "She started out that way but we reached a different understanding once we
talked it out over a bottle of Southern Comfort."

  "What happened to make her take her clothes off?" asked Mike.

  "She wanted Morty to fuck her, I'll let her tell you all about it. I got to
get ready for work, Help me get her up," said Fran

  Mike and Fran managed to stand Inez up. Her dress swung further open and Mike
got his first good look at his Mother's naked body.

  "You've never seen your Mommy naked, have you?" asked Fran pulling Inez arm
across the back of her neck.

  "No," replied Mike

  "Well, she's got a good figure, tits are a little small. Morty said she was
tight."

  With his mother between them and her arms over their shoulders, they managed
to march her back to Mike's apartment and dump her on to the bed. Mike looked
down at his Mother's naked body.

  "Get a piece if you want, she'll never know," said Fran turning to leave.

  Mike was left alone standing there. His mother's bra and panties were clutched
in one hand. His mother's legs were handing off the side of the bed. Mike picked
up her feet and swung her legs onto the bed. She wasn't making a sound other
than breathing. Mike once again took her feet in his hands and pulled them
apart. His mother's pussy was covered by a dark hairy triangle. He reached down
and touched her clitoris the way Fran had taught him. He eased a finger inside
her cunt. It was gooey with what Mike assumed was Morty's sperm.

  Mike's cock was getting hard as he fingered his Mother's cunt. He kept
fingering it as he reached down, unzipped his jeans and took his cock out. He
was hard. His mother was breathing quietly.

  Mike climbed on the bed and positioned himself between his Mother's legs. Mike
leaned forward and eased his cock into his Mother. It was tight but it felt the
way that Fran's did when he fucked her for the second or third time. As Mike
pushed in, he felt Morty's cum being forced out. Mike started to pump his cock
into his Mother when her eyes popped open. Mike started to panic but her lids
quickly closed. She wrapped her arms around him and adjusted her legs. Mike
leaned down and kissed her lips that immediately parted as her tongue entered
his mouth.

  Mike fucked her until he climaxed and mixed his load with Morty's. He go up
off the bed covered his Mother with the bedspread as best as he could and went
back to the living room and watched television until he decided to his room and
sleep. He slept in that morning. When he awoke, he found his mother sitting on
the edge of his bed crying.

  "What's wrong, Mom?" asked Mike

  "How did I get back in my bed last night?" asked Inez

  "Fran and I carried you back here. You were pretty out of it."

  "So you saw me without my clothes?" asked Inez.

  "Well, you had taken your clothes off before Fran called, Fran had to go to
work, she works midnight until 8:00 in the morning"

  "I think they drugged me," said Inez

  "She said you drank some Southern Comfort."

  "Tell me what else she said."

  "She said you got naked so Morty could fuck you."

  "Oh my God, did he?" asked Inez starting to cry louder.

  "I guess so, Fran said he did but I wasn't there."

  After you got me back here, did you do anything? No, don't answer that, I
don't want to know," said Inez.

  "Fran said I was to ask you what happened. She had to go to work so she didn't
tell me," said Mike.

  "She invited me in to discuss your spending so much time over there. She
insisted I have a drink. She is very persuasive. After the first one, I had
several more. You know I can't drink. There must have been something in the
drinks. I remember them taking my clothes off. They got me to do things,
sexually perverted things. Her husband had intercourse with me. I think she
brought out a video camera and taped it," said Inez.

  "Wow, she made a video tape of you and Morty?" asked Mike

  "I think so. She told me she would give out copies to my work and at my church
if I didn't do what she said. She said I was to let you come over any time she
needed you. She said you were her boy stud; her tadpole was what she called you.
You've been having sex with that awful person, haven't you?" asked Inez

  "I think Fran is great. She likes me and I like her. Morty's okay too."

  "But you have been making love with her, tell me the truth?" asked Inez.

  "All right, we've done some things, but I don't see where that's any of your
business now that you've gone over there and let Fran's husband screw you. How
can you criticize me for fucking Fran when you go over there and fuck Morty?"

  "I guess I'm getting what I deserve for losing my husband and being forced to
live here at Terrace Place in the midst of white trash. I know what you did last
night and it's not right for a son to have sex with his mother," said Inez
getting up to go. Mike did not speak to his Mother before she left for work.

  Later in the day, Mike had answered the phone.

  "Come over," was all Fran said. When Mike got there, Fran was seated in an
armchair with her feet on an ottoman.

  "How about a little foot rub?" suggested Fran? Morty was seated nearby staring
at the television.

   "Sure, " Mike replied as she sat down on the edge of the ottoman, picked up
one of Fran's feet and began to press the instep and roll her toes back and
forth.

  "How's your Mom this morning?" asked Fran.

  "Little upset, she was crying, saying things got out of control here last
night," said Mike.

  "Really, your Mom's one of those people who likes to screw but wants everyone
to think she's doesn't. Morty, what did you think about last night?" asked Fran

  "What's there to think about?" asked Morty.

  "Inez, you idiot, what did you think about Inez, Mike's mother?" asked Fran in
an exasperated voice.

  "Okay, Inez was okay," said Morty.

  "Moron, I meant was she a good fuck?" asked Fran.

  "Yea, she was good, nice and tight, pussy fit like a glove, good cock sucker
too," said Morty, his eyes never leaving the television.

  "God kid you are an A Number One foot rubber, man you make me cream myself the
way you rub my instep," said Fran

  "You all need anything from the store?" asked Mike

  "Yea, Morty's almost out of beer but that can wait a minute. Do you agree with
Morty?" asked Fran pushing her other foot into Mike's crotch and wiggling his
toes against his cock. Mike started to get hard.

  "You mean about Mom?"

  "Yes, I saw the look in your eyes when we dropped Inez on her bed. I bet my
ass wasn't out the door before you mounted Mom and rode her. You nailed her,
didn't you?" asked Fran.

  "She was just laying there all open and I just couldn't resist."

  "So you are now officially a motherfucker like Morty, Want some more of your
Mom's pussy?" asked Fran

  "Sure, I guess.".

  "Yea, you guess, you'd fuck her in a New York minute. I'll tell you what.
After dinner, I'll call and invite your Mom over for another chat about her cock
hound son. As soon as your Mom leaves, you go out the hall window onto the fire
escape. I'll leave my bathroom window open. You sneak in and hide in the
closet."

   "Morty and I will bring your Mom in the bedroom for a little of the old
in-and-out. At the right time, I'll bring you out of the closet and let you get
a piece of Mom. This time, she'll be sober enough to know who's pronging her.
What do you say, interested?" asked Fran

  "All right, how long do I have to stay in the closet?" Mike asked

  "Long enough for me and Morty to have some fun with her. The closet doors are
louvered; you can watch and jerk off. You don't mind getting sloppy seconds
again? You didn't mind last night?" asked Fran

  "No, I don't mind being second," said Mike

  "Come on back and I'll show you the closet," said Fran as she got up, took
Mike's hand and lead him back toward the bedroom. Morty didn't seem to notice
that Fran and Mike had headed into the bedroom. Fran showed Mike the closet and
even showed him a tall stool she would place inside for him to sit on while he
watched. Mike had gotten into the closet and checked out the view. You could
easily peer through the louvers and see what was happening on the bed.

  "That should work," said Mike

  "Just be quiet as hell, we want to surprise Inez when you pop out of that
closet, Morty and I will hold her down while you get some," said Fran who
removed her robe and lay back on the bed naked.

  "Morty's here," said Mike aware that Fran wanted him to fuck her.

  "Forget Morty, just climb on Mother Fran like she was your real Mom and fuck
away. I feel like a quickie," said Fran.

  That night everything had gone just as Fran said. Mike had a hard time
containing his excitement waiting for the telephone to ring. Mike's Mom didn't
mention anything about last night or their talk this morning. A little after
seven, the telephone rang. Mike could only listen to one side of the
conversation.

  "I can't come over tonight, I have some things I need to take care of," said
Inez

  "I could go to the police," said Inez

  "Having sex with a minor is a crime," said Inez

  "No, don't show the tape to Father Ryan, I'll come over, give me a few minutes
to clean up" said Inez hanging up.

  Mike's Mom put the receiver down slowly. She turned and looked at Mike and
said "Do you have any idea what you've gotten us into? I have to go over there
and let them do whatever they want with me and it's all because of you."

  "What do they want you to do?" asked Mike following his mother into her
bedroom. Mike's mother slipped her housecoat off right there in front of him. He
looked at her body standing there dressed only in her panties and bra. He could
see the dark outline of her pubic hair inside her white panties. He was
surprised she allowed him to see her that way for the first time. Inez noticed
his surprised look.

  "Didn't you see everything last night when you and that monstrous woman
brought me back here? Why should we pretend to be modest now? I assume you took
a real good look before you climbed on and screwed me, your own Mother," said
Inez

  "It's not that way, I couldn't help myself, I was horny and you were just
laying there."

  "No, and since Fran is threatening to give Father Ryan a copy of the videotape
she made last night, I can't help myself either. Fran wants me to come over for
drinks and discuss what's best for your welfare. I suspect it will be a repeat
of last night. I'll wind up in bed with her husband's cock in me and my mouth
glued to her pussy. Do you realize before last night, I had never touched a
woman sexually?" asked Inez

  "It's not so bad," said Mike

  "And I guess you are speaking from experience. Exactly how many times have you
eaten Fran Feinsteins pussy?" asked Inez

  "I like to do it. I don't count them. I like to make Fran cum with my mouth."

  "Did you know your father didn't believe in going down on a woman? He thought
it was disgusting. But on the other hand, he insisted I suck his cock whenever
he felt like it. Does Fran suck your cock?" asked Inez.

  "Yes, she does that all the time."

  "And I bet you'd do any thing she asked, no matter how filthy or degrading?"

  "Yes, Fran and I have fun, of course, I'd do anything she wants."

  "I need to bathe and dress," said Inez ending the conversation. As Mike was
leaving, Inez was removing her bra. Mike looked back at his Mother's breasts and
she looked up to meet his eyes. Compared to Fran's enormous tits, his mother's
seemed almost insignificant. Mike was old enough to be intrigued by bra sizes.
He had looked in Fran's bra one time to discover she was a 38DD. He knew his
Mother was a 34C. Last night he had been too anxious and worried to do much more
than insert his cock and pump away until his release. He pictured his mouth
sucking on his Mom's tiny nipples and how that would feel compared to Fran's
half dollar size dugs.

  "Satisfy your curiosity, then I need to get dressed," said Inez as she removed
her panties to reveal a thick black bush of pubic hair. Mike resisted the urge
to walk over to his mother and kiss her breasts and push his fingers into her
pussy.  Mike's Mom stood still and silent as he looked at her. Then he turned
around and left the room with his hard cock throbbing. Mike realized that her
letting him see her without offering to let him screw her was her way of getting
revenge.

  "Just wait, Mom, in a little while, I'll be on top of you fucking you right
there in front of Fran and Morty. We'll see how you like that?" thought Mike.

  Mike had another beer as he waited in the bar for the rain-delayed game to
begin. Mike adjusted himself on the bar stool to conceal his hard cock.
Remembering those days when he was involved with Fran and screwing his own
Mother was turning him on like crazy. He could vividly recall the events of that
night.

  Mike was sitting in the living room when his Mom emerged from the bedroom
wearing a short blue sleeveless dress. The hem ended about four inches above the
knee.

  "How do I look? You've never seen me in this?" asked Inez

  "Terrific, very pretty, when did you get it?" and Mike was not lying. His
mother was a good-looking woman, perhaps a little too thin but she still looked
nice.

  "Months ago, I was hopping the Men's Wear Department Manager would ask me out
so I bought it thinking that at least I would have something to wear if he ever
did. But it turned out he had eyes for this twenty two year old who works behind
the perfume counter," said Inez

   "That was dumb on his part. He should have asked you out."

  "You're right, it was his loss. Well, I'll try not to get so drunk you have to
carry me home," said Inez.

  Mike had waited for ten minutes after his Mother left before he went out into
the hallway and stepped out on to the fire escape. The Feinsteins bathroom
window was open and shortly Mike was seated on a stool in their closet. He could
hear music and talking from the living room. There was enough light coming
through the louvers to allow Mike to see part of the closet floor. Fran's pink
scuffs were on the floor. Mike picked up the pair off the floor and pressed one
of them to his nose and inhaled. His cock started to get hard as he breathed in
the aroma of Fran's feet. He took his cock out and started to rub it against the
inside of one scuff as he inhaled the aroma of the other one.  In a few moments,
he shot cum all over his hand and the scuff. He had to use his shirttail to wipe
up the mess. Moments later Mike froze as he heard movement toward the bedroom.

  "Morty, I'm just going to sit myself down and let you strip Inez, you don't
mind do you Inez?" said Fran.

  Mike was looking through the louvers at the three of them. Fran had sat down
in a cushioned chair near the bed. Morty and his mom were standing by the bed.
To Mike, his Mom looked a little high but definitely not really out of it.

  "Do you want to take my clothes off, Morty, You want to get me naked and fuck
me right here in front of Fran?" said Inez in what Mike took to be a coquettish,
teasing voice. Mike knew his Mom definitely had too much to drink.

  "That's exactly what I'm going to do," said Morty. Inez turned her back to
Morty so he could unzip her dress. Morty fumbled with the zipper a minutes
before he managed to get it all the way down. Inez stepped out of the dress as
Morty unhooked her bra. Inez let the bra fall off her shoulders to the floor as
she turned around to kiss Morty. After a long kiss, Morty leaned down and took
Inez's nipple in her mouth. Fran while still seated grabbed the waistband of
Inez's panties and pulled them down to the floor allowing Inez to step out of
them.

  Mike thought to himself that his Mother seemed awfully willing to go along
with Fran and Morty. Nobody was coercing or threatening her as she and Morty
embraced. Inez was helping Morty to undress when Fran said "Hand me that tube of
lube off the night table."  Morty picked up the large blue and white tube off
the table and handed it to Fran all the time kissing Inez as she stripped him.

  Inside the closet, Mike was a little confused by his Mom's behavior. She had
stated that she was opposed to sex with Fran and Morty but felt she had to. Now
she seemed to be willingly and somewhat enthusiastically engaged in getting
ready to fuck them both. What Mike did not know was that his Mom had consumed
two Ecstasy tablets dissolved in her first glass of Southern Comfort. Ecstasy
affects different people in different ways. In general it lowers inhibitions and
in Inez's case, it lowered them markedly. Ecstasy combined with Fran's powerful
and persuasive personality had assumed complete control of Inez Perkins. She was
ready to do anything Fran suggested.

  "Morty, Lay down on the bed and let Inez suck your cock. Point you rear up in
the air, Inez, I want to open you up for some deep tissue massage," said Fran.

  Morty was on his back and Mike's Mom was enthusiastically sucking his cock.
Fran leaned forward in her chair with a glob of lubricant on her fingers. She
used one large hand to spread Inez's butt cheeks and began to work her fingers
into Inez's ass hole. Inez let out a low moan when Fran inserted two fingers
inside her sphincter.

  "Your husband ever fuck you in your ass?" Fran asked Inez

  "Yes, after Mike was born, he said my pussy was too loose so he screwed me
there until I tightened up," said Inez

  "God, men are such pigs, right Morty," asked Fran. Morty was lying there with
his eyes closed enjoying Inez's cocksucking.

  "Yes, pigs all right, oink, oink," said Morty

  Once again Mike found his cock in his hand as he watched his Mother's mouth
working on Morty's sizeable cock. Fran was using her fingers and repeated
squirts of lubricant to open his Mother's rectum to where he could see a dark
opening from across the room. Fran had all four fingers in Inez's ass. She would
withdraw them to where only the fingertips were inserted then firm push her hand
forward to where all fingers and thumb were embedded to the wide part of the
hand. Each time Fran moved her hand forward, Inez grunted loudly but her mouth
quickly returned to sucking Morty's cock. Finally after a particularly hard
shove, Fran's entire hand disappeared in Inez's ass.

  "Oh my God, what's in me," asked Inez

  "My hand, just relax and let me give you a deep tissue massage," said Fran

  Fran withdrew her hand and recoated it with lube than slid it back inside
Inez's butt hole. This time it went in easily.

  "Feel my fingers in your bowels, playing with your turds," asked Fran.

  "It feels so weird to have your hand inside me, it hurts but it feels good,"
said Inez in between sucking Morty's cock.

  Mike watched as Fran repositioned herself then applied lube to her foot and
maneuvered her big toes in Inez's ass. Fran was able to angle her foot and hold
her toes together in such a manner that within a few minutes the front of her
foot was in Inez's asshole. Mike was astonished that such a large object could
fit in his mother's asshole. More lubrication and a good push by Fran and her
foot was inside Inez's asshole.

  "Oh that hurts, take it out," pleaded Inez

  "Never say you don't know what it feels like to have a foot up your ass, Inez,
you love it don't you, Morty's big cock in your mouth and my toes inside your
rectum, ticking your bowels," said Fran who seems to be enjoying Inez's
discomfort.

  "You're killing me, it's too big, I can feel your foot inside me stretching me
out, it hurts," said Inez who had begun to writhe on the bed trying to escape
Fran's foot. But Morty held her tightly by the ears as he fucked her face.
Already, a couple of times, she had gagged when he forced his cock down her
throat. There was a large sheen of drool hanging off her chin. Morty seemed to
enjoy choking her. Mike realized that Morty who had always seemed completely
passive prior to now was turned on and slamming his cock into Inez's throat.

  Fran pushed her foot inside Inez's butt hole until it reached mid calve. Inez
screamed out a piteous cry of anguish.

  "Your ripping me apart. I can't stand it," screamed Inez.

  Fran withdrew her foot. Her toes were covered in Inez's shit.

  "Morty, turn her around and fuck her pussy dog style," said Fran.

  Morty did as instructed and in a second Inez was grunting each time Morty
slammed his cock into her pussy. Fran presented her shit stained toes to Inez's
face.

  "Lick them clean, cunt," said Fran

  "They're covered in my shit, I can't do that," whimpered Inez knowing that
Fran really meant for her to lick the shit packed between her toes.

  "Yes, you can, you're nothing but a shit eating whore. Mike told me how he
fucked you last night after he got you home. You know what kind of woman allows
her own son to stick his cock in her? I'm not sure they got a word for the kind
of worthless whore you are. You stick your tongue between each toe and lick your
shit out and eat it. If not, I can go get a pair of pliers and start working on
your nipples. You'll be begging me for my shit before I'm done," said Inez

  Mike's mother stuck out her tongue and licked across Fran's toes. She wrinkled
her nose at the smell and almost gagged as she brought her shit-covered tongue
back into her mouth. Mike watched his mother swallow.

  "That's a start, now go between each toe where there a nice wedge of shit
packed. I want you to eat that."

  Mike's cock was hard as a rock watching his Mother slide her tongue in between
each toe and emerge with a small wedge of shit that she swallowed. It wasn't a
lot of shit but it was certainly a hot scene for a fourteen year old to watch.
By the time, Inez was finished; Fran's shit was smeared on her lips. Mike's cock
exploded in his hand once more as he watched his mother's tongue take a swipe
around her lips to get the shit off.

  "Get on top of Morty," said Fran. In a minute, Inez was in the cowgirl
position ridding Morty's cock. Mike told himself that in spite of everything,
his mother was enjoying having a man's cock in her pussy. Inez was methodically
raising and lowering herself on Morty's cock.

  Fran stood up and walked over to open a bureau drawer and tale out a leather
belt harness that she fitted around her waist. The harness consisted of a waist
belt and a part that went through Fran's legs and between her ass crack. Mike
almost gasped when he saw Fran pull an enormous rubber dildo out of the same
drawer and fit it onto some sort of a receptacle mounted on the front of the
harness. When Fran turned around and Mike got full view he almost lost it.

  There was all 5'11" of naked Fran Feinstein with a two-foot rubber cock waving
in front of her looking like a baseball bat. Fran was an incredibly hot sight to
Mike. And she seemed very turned on. A lock of her long blonde hair hung over
her face covering one eye. Her nipples were fully erect and standing straight
out. Mike felt completely under Fran's control. If she had told him to go up on
the roof and jump of the building, he would have done it with asking a question.
He was ready to eat her shit or drink her piss or rob a convenience store if
that's what Fran wanted.

  "Inez, give a look see, think your ass can handle this baby?" asked Fran as
she walked over to the bed where Inez was screwing Morty.

  "You're not serious. That thing will kill me," said Inez showing in her face
how terrified she was of the huge dildo Fran was waving in her face.

  "Lick the end for good luck," commanded Fran.

  Inez tentatively stuck out her tongue and passed it over the rubber head that
was almost as large as her face.

  Morty pulled Inez down to him to force her butt higher in the air. Fran
smeared some lube on the dildo head and positioned it on Inez's butt hole.

  "I'm going in, honey, I hope you don't split apart like a rotten log," said
Fran as she worked the head past Inez's anal ring.

  "My asshole's going to split wide open. It can't take it, I'll do anything you
say just don't kill me with that thing," said Inez desperation in her voice.

  Fran grabbed Inez's small hips in her hands and pulled herself forward inside
Inez inch by inch. Mike saw that his Mother's body was covered in sweat. Her
face was a mask of pain.

  "Half way there, want the rest slow of fast?" asked Fran whose hands tightly
clinched Inez's hips.

  "What?" was all Inez could respond not understanding the question.

  "I take that for fast," said Fran who lunched forward burying the cock all the
way to its fake balls.

  Mike watched as his Mother's eyes bugged out as the massive piece of imitation
man meat straightened out two feet of her lower intestine making it move around
inside her abdomen like a snake writhing in a flame. Inez felt her shit being
pushed up into her upper gut. The pain was more than she could handle and she
passed out.

  Fran reached over to the night table and pulled out a small bottle and handed
it to Morty.

  "Give her some poppers, that'll bring her around if she's not dead," said
Fran. Morty waved the open bottle under Inez's nose and she jerked back into
consciousness.

  Mike saw Fran turn toward he closet and wave for him to emerge. In a second,
he slid the door aside and was at her side.

  "Got somebody else here for you to fuck," said Fran.

  Inez turned her head to see her son standing there with his cock in his hand.

  "Inez, you only got one hole empty. Mike fuck your mother's mouth," said Fran

  "No, it's not right. It's a sin against the laws of god and man. I can't fuck
my own son," wailed Inez.

  "Stupid bitch, he's already fucked you once. What's another one matter?" said
Fran who started to slowly fuck Inez with the dildo strapped to her waist. Mike
looked at his Mother's stomach and he could see a large ripple every time Fran
shoved forward. His mother was grunting like a pig and gasping for breath.

  "In her mouth, Mike." said Fran.

  Mike was up on the bed in an instant. He grabbed his mother's jaw and forced
her mouth open then shoved his cock inside. He grabbed her ears and used them
roughly as handles to slam his head down on his cock.

  "Man, is she tight with that big rubber dick in her. I can feel it all the way
to her pussy," said Morty.

  Mike was incredibly turned on. Morty was lying on his back with his cock deep
in Inez's cunt. Fran was shoving two feet of hard rubber into Inez's ass and
Mike was raping his mother's mouth. Mike's balls were swinging across Morty's
face and Morty was taking advantage of the situation to lick and suck them.

  "Give her a squirt of boy pee, Mike," commanded Fran.

  Mike concentrated for a minute then unleashed a slow steady stream of warm
urine into his Mother's mouth. Mike pushed his cock right into the entrance of
her throat and pissed directly down her throat. He felt his mother's throat
opening and closing as she swallowed the warm piss. It was so hot that he had to
cum.

   "I've got to shoot," said Mike

  "Do it Mike, let her swallow her baby's boy's sperm," said Fran

  "That was all the encouragement that Mike needed as he spurted cum in his
mother's mouth. Morty had cum too. The three of them disengaged from Inez for a
moment.

  Fran knelt down and took Mike's cock in his mouth and started to suck him hard
again. Fran worked a finger into his asshole as she sucked. Given that Mike was
fourteen, he was ready to go in less than three minutes.

  "Mount your mommy and fuck her while Morty and I watch," said Fran.

  Mike pulled his mothers legs apart and placed her feet on his shoulders. Her
cunt was wet with Morty's sperm. Mike plunged in and began to fuck his mother
who started chanting "this isn't right."  Mike didn't care what Mother chanted
as long as he had his cock in her pussy and was screwing her.

  A flash went off and Mike looked over to see Fran taking a series of pictures.

  "Don't mind me, just keep pounding your cock into your Momma," said Fran.

  Mike decided to take his time. He kept moving his Mom's legs around. He spread
them real wide for a while. Then he bent her double and pounded it home. He took
her feet back over his shoulders and fucked away while he held her ankles
together with one hand. After a while, Inez started to respond. She began to
fuck back.

  "Look at the whore getting hot fucking her own son. You're nothing but trailer
trash, Inez, only a white trailer trash whore could get turned on by her son's
cock," hissed Fran in Inez's ear.

  Mike noticed that instead of slowing his mother down, Fran's comments were
turning her on. She had begun humping her pussy up to meet his thrusts. Fran
kept up a constant line of comments.

  "See that whore grab her son's cock, only the most vile and perverted of
mothers would act like that, you're the lowest of the low," said Fran.

  "You know, Inez, I taught Mike to fuck, we've done it every way you can name,
he loves to eat my pussy and suck my asshole, your boy is quite the rimmer,
we're going to let him do everything to you that I taught him," said Fran

  It was all too much for Inez and she climaxed screaming out "Fuck your mommy,
Mikey, fuck your whore mother."

  It was also too much for Mike as he felt his Mother's cunt grab his cock in a
muscular grip and pulse as she worked her way through the most intense orgasm in
her life. Mike dumped his load in his mother's cunt.

  "Morty, you up for one more?" asked Fran

  "Sure, that's a tight pussy," responded Morty.

  Mike had rolled off his mom and was catching his breath.

  Morty grabbed Inez's legs and held them as he slipped his cock into her cunt.
He reached down and grabbed Inez's clit and gave it a hard yank.

  "Get your pussy working, I'm going to fuck you again," snarled Morty as he
began to pump Inez with a vengeance.

  "Give Morty some encouragement," whispered Fran into Mike's ear.

  "Give it to her Morty, fuck my whore mother," said Mike. The words had an
effect on Morty causing him to drive his cock harder and deeper into Inez's
pussy.

  "Morty, give the son fucking cunt all your cock. She loves it be fucked while
I watch," said Mike. Inez looked over at her son with glazed eyes. Drool was
spilling out of the corner of her mouth. She made a grunting sound as she
wrapped her legs around Morty's skinny waist and drew him in closer. Inez was
lost in the moment with her son watching another man screw her.

  "Morty, bite down on a nipple and chew on it, make her feel it," commanded
Mike. Morty bent down to take Inez's nipple in his front teeth and then he bit
down hard. Inez screamed with the pain.

  "God, I've taught you well," said Fran taking Mike's head in her hands and
delivering a deep wet kiss.

  Morty grabbed the other nipple and tortured it with his teeth. Fran stood up
and announced "now for the Grande Finale." Fran got up on the bed and straddled
Inez's head and slowly lowered her pussy onto Inez's face.

  "Open your mouth, honey, time to drink some of Fran's pee," said Fran as she
positioned her piss hole right over Inez's mouth. Fran reached down and forced
Inez's lower jaw to swing open. Mike watched as a small stream of golden fluid
began to dribble out of Fran's cunt into his Mother's open mouth. He watched as
her throat swallowed time and time again. Mike could think of only one word that
described the naked Fran poised over his Mother's mouth with a slow stream of
golden urine flowing into her mouth and that word was "magnificent". Fran looked
like a goddess squatting over his Mom's prone body as Morty fucked away.

  "Get ready, Morty" said Fran as she stopped pissing and lowered her cunt over
Inez's mouth and nose.

  In a few seconds, Inez's body began to squirm as her oxygen supply ran out.
Inez really struggled but Fran was large and powerful and held her firmly. After
a few seconds, Inez was almost to the point of giving up when Fran rose up. Mike
heard his Mother gasp and inhale deeply as her airway cleared. Fran waited a few
more seconds than lowered herself once more. Inez began to struggle almost
immediately. Her mouth and nose were embedded in Fran's snatch. Once again when
Inez was at the point of collapse, Fran relented and let her have some air.

  Mike watched as Fran kept repeating the process of near suffocating Inez and
then relenting at the last minute. She must have done it ten times. Mike could
tell that Morty was getting off on feeling Inez's legs squirm and twitch as she
struggled for air.

  "Ready to cum, Morty." Asked Fran

  "You betcha, snuff the bitch," said Morty

  "Almost snuff, not in front of a witness," said Fran as she clamped her cunt
over Inez's face. Inez twisted and squirmed as the last of her air was used up.
Fran stayed on longer this time as Morty pumped furiously away and then released
a load of sperm into Inez's cunt.

  Fran relented at the last minute and reached down to slap the prostrate Inez
hard on one cheek.

  "Wake up cunt, we're through with you for now," said Fran

  Mike gathered his mother's clothes as he put his own back on.

  "I got to get ready for work, Take your Mom back to your place and do whatever
with her. You did well tonight Mikey, I think you got the makings of a real
stud," said Fran.

  Mike had walked his naked Mom across the hall and helped her into bed. He
climbed in with her and went to sleep. He awoke during the middle of the night
and screwed her once again. She woke up for a while and humped his cock while he
fucked her. After he emptied his cock into her gooey cunt, they both fell asleep
exhausted.




Chapter 05  - Mother Becomes A Player



Please take note! Adults Only Literature

The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written for
adults only.

If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing this
file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
now.

This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
is purely coincidental, etc.

Copyright 2003

***

  Mike was trying to watch the game but his mind kept returning to those few
weeks twenty years ago when Fran Feinstein swept into his life like a tornado.
Fourteen and hard as a rock every minute he was in her presence.

  In terms of time, it had been brief, maybe six weeks. After the night he had
hid in the closet and watched his mother and gotten to participate, Fran and
Morty had only resided at Terrace Place a few more days.

  Of course, a lot happened in that brief span and not all of it had involved
Mike. For the next couple of days, Mike had fucked Fran in the afternoon and
slept in his Mother's bed at night. He and his Mom didn't discuss it or even say
much. At their usual bedtime, they would climb into her big bed and have sex. He
would go down on her until she climaxed then she would suck him for a while and
then he would mount her for nice long fuck. He did a number of things to his
Mother that Fran had taught him. He loved to eat his Mother's butt and have her
do his. Mom did whatever he requested. She seemed as much under Fran's control
as he was. Sixty-nine seemed to be her favorite. He determined that by how
prolonged the time she could maintain an orgasm and her willingness to keep at
it repeatedly. But as far as saying anything about what they were doing, Mom
never spoke a word. Mike thought it was strange how she seemed to enjoy the sex
but was deeply troubled by it at the same time.

  On Friday, Mike had just finished dumping a load of cum in Fran when she
announced, "Tomorrow night there's a party and Morty and I are taking your Mom."

  "What kind of party?"

  "It's an S&M party."

  "What's S&M? Sounds like a candy?"

  "Candy, I'll have to tell the group that one. Its' S&M not M&M. S&M stands for
sado-masochism. Basically, it's an excuse for a lot of kinky sex."

  "Can I go?" asked Mike.

  "Nope, you got to be 21 or older, they don't even let eighteen year olds in.
It's a legal issue," said Fran

  "What do you need my Mom for?"

  "She's going as Morty and my slave girl, we'll dress her for the part, she'll
have a good time," said Fran.

  "Will you and Morty fuck her?" asked Mike

  "Probably, or we might trade her for the evening for another couple's slave or
we could just let anyone that wants her, have a piece, Morty and I usually play
it by ear, It can get intense at times and highly erotic, spankings, whippings,
group gropes, tit torture, your Mom will get a big play since she's a newbies
and the men and women there have never fucked her," said Fran.

  "I wish I could go."

  "Me too, I wish I could take you as my slave boy but showing up with a
fourteen year old boy would freak the place out. They insist everyone stick to
the rules or they kick your ass out."

  Saturday night, Mike had been watching television when his Mother appeared in
the living room dressed to go to the party with Fran and Morty.

  "Wow," was all that Mike managed when he looked at his Mother. She was wearing
a leather bra top that was skimpy enough that it only hid the very front of her
breasts. It was the kind of thing you expected a tit to pop completely free if
the wearer made a sudden movement. His mother had a studded dog collar around
her neck. The skirt was leather, slit up one side to where it reached the belt.
Shoes were a platform high heel pump with straps that wrapped around her ankles
a couple of turns buckling in the back. The effect of such a high heel was to
push his Mother's ass out provocatively. 

  "Where did you get the outfit?" asked Mike

  "Fran took me this afternoon to a place downtown near where the adult theatres
are located. She made me strip naked in the store and try everything on. I stood
there stark nude surrounded by perverts. They all stopped trying to pick out an
adult video to masturbate with and just watched me while Fran had me try things
on from the area of the store where they sold 'fetish apparel'" said Mom.

  "I've never seen heels that high, they make your ass stick out," said Mike.

  "They're six inch stiletto heels. They're called 'fuck me' pumps because of
how they push your bottom out."

  "And you were really naked right there in the store?"

  "Totally, not a stitch of clothes, I stood there while these creeps in
raincoats watched me try things on. Fran kept threatening to let them have me if
I didn't cooperate."

  "You look very hot," said Mike wishing he could take his Mother into the
bedroom for a quick fuck before she left.

  "Want to see the panties she picked out?"

  "Yea, show me," answered Mike

  Mike's Mom lifted the tiny skirt to reveal an equally tiny black silk panty
that was separated in the crotch. When she turned around, Mike saw that there
was only a thin strip of material in the crack of her ass. Her butt cheeks were
completely uncovered.

  "They're crotch less so all you have to do is put your hand there and I'm
available."

  "Well, you look very sexy, it was nice of Fran to help you pick it out even if
she did make you get naked."

  "That's wasn't all she did. After we bought the outfit, she marched me still
naked over to one of those video booths and we went inside. She called it a
'gloryhole'.  She put some quarters in the machine and hardcore porn appeared on
a small screen. Then the guy in the next booth stuck his cock through a hole in
the wall separating the booths. That hole in the wall is what makes it a
'gloryhole', mostly it's for queers to suck off other queers but Fran made me
kneel down on the filthy floor and suck the guy's cock."

  "What did he look like?" asked Mike.

  "How should I know I only saw his cock?  After he came in my mouth, she made
me suck five more guys off through the gloryhole. She called it a 'whores six
pack'"

 "Wish I could have been there and seen that."

  "I sure you do. Fran said for me to bring you over to her apartment when I
leave. She wants you to see her outfit also."

  Mike recalled that he almost leapt off the couch to go to the door; but
controlled himself enough to hold it open for his mother to pass through ahead
of him. As she did, he reached down and felt under her skirt to fell the bare
flesh of her ass. His Mom just smiled at him and sighed. Man he would have given
anything to be going to that party.



Across the hall, Mike's first glance at Fran created an instant hardon. Fran was
wearing thigh high leather boots with a platform sole and six-inch heels. Her
dress was a body hugging mini dress that barely covered her ass and was also
slit to the waist. The front of the neckline was open to Fran's navel and her
huge 38DD tits were only partially covered. Fran's blonde hair was pulled back
into a French twist. On each side of her waist, a couple of different types of
whips hung down. At fourteen, Mike did not know what a dominatrix looked like
but today when he heard the term, he pictured the way Fran looked that night.

   "Inez, I need to redo your make-up," was all Fran said as she looked at
Mike's Mom. Then she led her off to the bedroom.

  Morty had on leather pants and a leather vest with no shirt covering his
skinny chest.

  "Wish you could come with us, but rules are rules," said Morty.

  "Yea, I wish I could to," said Mike a little surprised that Morty was talking
to him.

  "Your Mom will enjoy herself. Fran and I will see to that," said Morty as Fran
and Inez returned.

   "Better huh?" said Fran referring to the make-up on Inez's face. Mike's mom
now had bright blood red lips and a very heavy application of eye shadow and
mascara.  She looked like a street whore.

  "Show Mike how I fixed your tits," said Fran

  Mike's Mom didn't hesitate to pull a breast out of the leather bra to show
Mike that Fran had applied lipstick to darken her nipples. Each one stood out
like a dark red button in the center of her breast.

  "Gives the person wielding a whip a better target to shoot for," said Fran.

  After they left, Mike went back to his place and read a book about S&M that
Fran had loaned him. It got him hard and he played with himself as he read about
whippings and prolonged torture of male and female genitals. God, I would love
it if I could be Fran's slave and she whipped my cock until I screamed for her
to stop. Finally, around two in the morning, Mike got into his Mother's bed and
fell asleep.

  Mike slept late and when he woke up his Mother was asleep curled up in a ball
beside him. He decided not to wake her and got up, made himself some breakfast
and then went for a long bicycle ride down by the river. It was after noon when
he returned. His mother was sitting at the breakfast table drinking a cup of
coffee.

  "How was it last night?" asked Mike anxious to hear what happened. He leaned
down and gave his Mother a kiss on her lips.

"I guess you want the blow by blow or more accurately the fuck by fuck."

"I'd like to hear what happened," said Mike

  "I don't know how long I can go on like this. That woman has broken any will I
might have to resist. At first I tried to stop her and she had to use liquor and
drugs to get me to do the perverted and disgusting things she wanted. Now I just
do them because she asks me too. It's like I want to please her. Yesterday she
told me to strip naked in a crowded store full of men and I did it. Then she
told me to go into that video booth and suck the cocks of strangers and I did
that. Last night, I did every twisted perversion Fran wanted and I did it
because I wanted to please her. I've fallen completely under her spell. It's as
if I have no will of my own."

  "She even has me fucking my own son. Nothing could be sicker than that. I've
violated both Man and God's law and all at the crook of Fran Feinsteins little
finger.  Is that how it is for you?"

  "I just do what she says because I want to, I don't need to think about it or
justify it. And I 'm not worried about any laws God or Mans."

  "And you want to hear about last night. You want to sit there and get your
cock hard while I tell you about the party and every horrible thing your Mother
did."

  "Yes, what happened?" asked Mike.

  "I'll tell you but pull it out first so I can see it. If you can get a hardon
listening to what I did last night, I can at least be honest and watch your
hardon grow as I tell you all about it. Then after I've finished, you can take
me into the bedroom and fuck me."

  "All right," said Mike fishing his semi-hard cock out of his jeans. Mike
thought at the time that his Mom was definitely undergoing a change in attitude.

  "I say there were about fifty people there at any one time. People arrived and
left during the course of the evening so fifty is a guess. Everyone was dressed
in leather. The party was held in an old theatre; the one near the train station
so there was a stage. As we were walking in, Fran attached a leash to my collar
like I was a dog. We got there early and most people hadn't arrived.

  Everyone there seemed to know Fran and Morty. I gather Fran is regarded as the
premier dominatrix among all the Mistresses present. The guests were people who
practice what is called the BDSM lifestyle. They get their kicks by combining
sex with things like whippings and torture. I won't go into all that; you've got
the rest of your life to learn about sexual perversions. I had been there only a
few minutes when Fran introduced me as her slave to Master Robert who along with
his wife Eloise were hosting the party."

  Fran offered me to Master Robert and before I know it I was on my knees
sucking his cock while he stood at the entrance greeting all the rest of his
guests. He told everyone I was Fran's slave and called Slave Inez. After I
swallowed his cum, Fran took me up on the stage and chained me on my back to a
cushioned platform in the center of the stage. She then announced to the crowd
that since I was new, that I was available for anyone who wanted me for the next
two hours.

  "How many men fucked you?" asked Mike as he slowly stroked his cock. He
pictured his mother spread out with her tits pulled out of the leather bra and
man after man mounting her and releasing cum into her cunt.

  "It wasn't only men. There were women with dildos and even couples where they
screwed me together. There were a number of times I had three cocks in me."

  "Wow, that sounds so fucking hot. They fucked your ass and mouth while they
were screwing your pussy too. I wish I could have been there."

  "Yes, once a woman sat on my face while her husband and brother fucked me in
my ass and pussy. Then after they climaxed in me, she sucked their sperm out of
my asshole. These people are incredibly perverted and sick. Once I found Morty
on top screwing me while Fran sat over my face, commanding me to suck somebody's
cum out of her ass while Morty screwed me. I tasted cum and shit at the same
time. "

  "God, that sounds hot, so how many did you screw?"

  "I don't know, twenty, thirty, forty, maybe everyone there. I swallowed so
much cum I felt full like I had eaten a big meal."

  "Did Fran come and get you after two hours?" asked Mike.

  "Yes, and she took me to this big bathroom they all use and chained me to a
commode so I was what they called a toilet slave. Someone had removed the booth
walls so there were eight commodes all lined up with no privacy. There were long
benches in front of each commode bowl. I was placed on my back and my arms
chained above my head around the bowl. The back of my head was directly over the
commode bowl. They chained a young male slave to the commode to my left and a
young female slave to my right. The young male was new and he was crying and
begging them to leave him alone. His mistress kept saying that he was
embarrassing her and stated whipping his cock with a riding crop. He began
screaming. She kept it up until he passed out.

  "Your head was in the commode bowl?" asked Mike

  "Suspended directly over it, supported by a wire brace that extended from the
bench I was lying on. Someone who knew what he was doing designed them. Fran
announced that since I was her slave she was going first. She told me to open up
my mouth she was going to pee in it and I was to swallow every drop. At first I
refused but she took a pair of pliers out of her pocket and grabbed my nipple
and crushed it. I screamed with the pain. Several people came over to watch Fran
working on me."

  "So did she piss in your mouth? I love it when she makes me swallow her pee."

   "Yes, do you have any idea what it feels like for someone to pinch your
nipple with pliers? The pain is indescribable. I opened up my mouth and held it
open while she emptied her bladder. I swallowed as much as I could. They had
revived the young man beside me and he was crying and begging his Mistress not
to piss in his mouth but I could see out of the corner of my eye that she had
forced his mouth open with something called an O-ring gag and she was dribbling
urine in his mouth as he choked and spit. I smelled shit and looked to my other
side to see the young girl slave holding her mouth open as her Master pushed out
a long turd directly in her mouth. She was taking it in as it slowly emerged
from his asshole."

  "Did Fran make you swallow a lot of pee?" asked Mike

  "It seemed like a lot but she stopped with me and move to other toilet slaves.
Fran was replaced by Morty who started by drooling spit in my mouth and making
me swallow it. It made my stomach perform flip-flops as his slimy spit enters my
mouth. Somehow it seemed even more disgusting than piss but the worst was yet to
come. Fran and the other Mistress went to work on the boy at the next commode. I
looked over to see that Fran had coated her arm and hand with some form of white
cream and she was working first her hand and then her arm up his ass."

   "His Mistress kept saying, 'Beg me to let you eat my shit'. The boy was
screaming. I could see that Fran's arm was inside his asshole up past her elbow
and she was twisting his balls with the other hand. The young man was screaming
his head off from the pain. All the time his Mistress and Master were pissing in
his open mouth. Finally he started begging the two of them to let him eat their
shit. The girl beside me was chewing and swallowing in rapid succession to take
the long turd coming out of her Master's asshole."

  "This story is really turning me on," said Mike as he stroked his hard cock.

  "The boy's Master positioned his asshole over the boy's mouth and began to
shit pebble size turd into the boy's mouth. He was chewing them up and
swallowing then down as fast as he could. Fran left the boy to the couple and
came over to me."



  "Your turn, I hope you like your shit fresh because that's the way you are
going to get it, body temperature and right out of my asshole, open up, Inez"
said Fran as she squatted her asshole over my face.

  "I was too afraid to do anything but open my mouth as wide as it would go. I
could see her butt hole stretch open and a brown spot appear that grew bigger as
her butt hole spread. Finally, it pushed out past her sphincter and my nose was
filled with the strong aroma of shit. In another second, the warm turd reached
my lips and for the second time in all my life I was tasting and eating shit. I
heard Fran grunt and the turd reached my tongue and I bit into it and started to
chew with my back teeth while keeping my lips around the other end. I swallowed
her shit and managed to keep it down although my stomach was churning."

  "I heard the Mistress say to the young man beside me that his lack of
enthusiasm had embarrassed her and she was going to make him pay for it. The
young man was too busy eating her husband's shit to comment. Fran's turd
finished and the last of it went into my stomach. Fran was replaced by Morty who
delivered several hard pebbles like turds I chewed up and swallowed. I watched
Fran was going from commode to commode dropping her turds in each slave's mouth.
Several other women and men squatted over me and before long I lost count of how
much piss and shit I had swallowed. The activity seemed to trail off and I saw
several of the toilet slaves being unchained from the benches and sent into the
shower stall to clean up. But Fran had one more ordeal planned for me."

  "What was that?" said Mike who could no longer hold back and shot cum all over
his hand. He wiped it off with his tee shirt and returned to stroking his cock.

  "Fran made me open my mouth to accept an O-ring gag she buckled behind my
head. Then he brought this enormous fat woman over to me and had her squat over
my face. The woman must have weighed over three hundred pounds. Her butt was a
mass of wrinkles and its surface looked like cottage cheese. Fran announced that
Gloria had been suffering from a little discomfort from constipation over the
past few days. Fran said that only a moment ago, Gloria had just taken a
powerful laxative and was just dying to relieve herself. I could see that
everyone had gathered to watch whatever Fran planned."

"Go ahead, drown her in shit," said Fran to that monument to human gluttony.

  "The next thing I knew, her asshole exploded a rain of black, evil smelling
diarrhea all over my head. It was loose and went in my mouth and down my throat
and it kept coming and coming. The taste was terrible and it burned my tongue.
My stomach was clenching and unclenching as I was forced to swallow. After a
while, Gloria stopped and moved over to the blonde slave beside me. I guess the
girl had witnessed what happened to me because she stared begging them not to
let Gloria shit in her mouth. I could see through the shit covering my face as a
tidal wave of evil smelling black shit splattered on the girl's face and mouth.
She was trying to scream through the O-ring gag but all that was coming out were
gurgling sounds. At the very end, an enormous soft black turd flew into the
girls mouth and she was forced to eat it or choke to death."

   "I heard several people congratulate Fran on getting Gloria to perform. Morty
unchained me and they pushed me into the shower with the other toilet slaves. We
all helped wash one another. The young man was sick. He was kneeling on the
shower room puking his guts out. His puke looked like a mixture of shit and
piss. The girl who had been beside me seemed okay. She looked at me and said
'Rough huh, I heard that Fran had Gloria on a diet of things like turnips and
cauliflower for the last two weeks. Her shit was awful.' They moved all of us
out of the shower to dry off. Next I found myself naked and on the stage."

  "Fran came forward and she said that the mistresses were going to have a
whipping contest with a prize for accuracy. She told everyone that since I had
small tits I would be the target. I considered running but they would only have
caught me and brought me back and punished me. They tied me to a cross where my
arms were stretched over my head. My feet were tightly manacled to the floor but
spread wide and a leather belt around my waist to keep me from twisting and
turning. I couldn't move an inch."

   "What did they use to whip your tits?" asked Mike who was stroking a very
hard cock.

  "It was a bullwhip. Fran fitted me with protective eyewear. That was a good
thing since the first Mistress wasn't very accurate the whip landed on my
stomach."

  "So it didn't hurt all that much," said Mike.

  "It was hell, it was agony, I screamed in pain. It was like someone placed a
red-hot poker on my belly. Her next blow was still off and landed on my
shoulder. The tip of the whip snapped against my cheek. See the red place and
how it broke the skin. Her next and final one landed on my stomach but this
time, it was my navel. That one cut me and I started bleeding a little. They
each got three attempts and ten mistresses had lined up to compete. The next one
landed her first blow right on my nipple and I thought it had ripped it off. It
was a perfect shot and I passed out from the pain. I came to with Fran holding a
small bottle of poppers under my nose. I looked down to see my nipple was cut
and bleeding. That Mistress was accurate with the whip and all three blows
landed on my breasts. I was screaming with pain and begging them to stop but
that only encouraged them to try harder. I lost track of who did what after
that. I remember one of them missed my tits and landed the tip of the whip right
on my clitoris. I passed out again; but they quickly brought me around. I was
bleeding from a dozen different small cuts and the pain didn't stop even after
several minutes."

  "Stand up, I want to see," said Mike.

  Inez slowly stood up and open her bathrobe to reveal a body covered in small
cuts and bruises. Mike took one of his Mother's breasts in hand and examined it
closely.

  "There are stitches around the nipple," said Mike.

  "One of the Master's there was a doctor and he sews up any serious cuts. After
the ten mistresses were finished, Fran presented the winner with a bull whip
with a silver handle then she put on a demonstration of her skill which by the
way is phenomenal. Morty used poppers on me to make sure I was alert. Fran
called out 'right tit' and snapped the whip across my areola leaving my nipple
hanging by a thread of skin. Everyone applauded. Next she called my left tit and
did the same. I got a cut that time but my nipple stayed attached. Finally she
quickly yelled out 'clit' and the whip snapped between my legs and I saw stars.
I wished that I could pass out but I just kept screaming at the top of my lungs
until I ran out of air and just gasped. See where she cut me on my labia," said
Mother pointing to a jagged two inch cut across her pussy lips.

  "They sewed my nipple back on while they whipped and tortured the other
slaves. The Mistress took the young boy slave she found fault with in the
bathroom and bent him over a whipping bench. She tied a leather strap around his
balls with the other end tied to the floor so tight I thought his nuts would rip
off. Then she got a long handle wooden paddle and went to work on his ass. She
swung it like a baseball bat. His butt went from pink to red to bloody before
she was done. When his butt looked like hamburger she dumped a bottle of alcohol
on it. You should have heard him scream. After that she shoved what they call a
'Man rammer' up his ass. It was the biggest dildo I've ever seen. She kept
pulling it back and then shoving it forward like a piston. He screamed every
time she pushed it in him."

  "What did they do next?" Mike asked

  "The blonde girl who was beside me in the restroom had huge breasts. They tied
her to a cross. Fran took these rubber rings and forced each tit through to
where the ring constricted the base. The ring was about as big as a silver
dollar and she used pliers to pull her breasts through piece by piece as the
poor girl screamed for her to stop.  When Fran was done, her breasts looked like
over inflated large purple balloons after a few minutes. The veins were clearly
visible and raised above the surface of the skin. The nipples looked bizarre
like they were two inches long and full of blood. Fran took two pair of pliers
and grabbed each nipple and crushed it flat. Blood splattered all over Fran's
hands when the girls' nipples popped like tiny balloons. They brought her around
with poppers while Fran fitted two pieces of wood over the top and bottom of her
breasts then used wing nuts to close the boards together until I thought her
breasts were going to pop just like her nipples had. Next Fran took long needles
dipped them in alcohol and pushed them deep in each breast. She must have put
ten needles in each breast. The girls was screaming and bleeding like a stuck
pig. Finally, Fran took a rubber mallet and a meat skewer and hammered it
through her tit, and then she did the other. The girl kept passing out but Morty
was right there with poppers to revive her. Fran did several of the meat
skewers. I heard one of the Mistresses say that the girls tits would never look
as good. Fran had ruined them."

  "Was it over?" Mike asked. He was getting anxious to take his Mother in the
bedroom and fuck her.

  "Not quite, they took the young man that had given them so much trouble and
tied him up on his back. Fran got up on the table and covered his face with her
cunt just like she did me the other night. You could see him struggle for air.
His legs would shake. He would be straining like mad against the chains. At the
last minute, Fran would let him have some air. Everyone there was really turned
on by what Fran was doing.  The Master, who sewed my nipple back on, bent me
over and fucked me while Fran smothered the young boy. He was really pounding it
into me and shot his load when the boy completely collapsed. I suppose he was
all right. But he was just lying there, not moving at all when we left."

  "Let's go to your bedroom," said Mike

  "All right, but take it easy on me, I hurt in a lot of places."

  On the following Tuesday, Mike came home to see a moving van being loaded with
Fran and Morty's furniture. He rushed inside and found Fran watching her
household goods being packed.

  "You're not moving," asked Mike in a panicky voice.

  "Sorry kid but I sure am, Manager of the Lynn Center couldn't keep it in his
pants. Three of the women slapped him with a sexual harassment suit. I've been
offered his job but I have to relocate to Lynn ASAP. No more third shift
supervisor. I'm now the Manager of Boston Customer Service."

  "But you can't leave" Mike stuttered.

  "No choice, Never turn down a promotion, bad for your career, I have to move,
say goodbye to your Mom, Morty and I are going to miss your two," said Fran.

  And that had been that. Mike had never heard from them again until last week.
Mike and his Mom had continued to sleep together for a few more days but by the
weekend, Mike's Mom told her son that he was no longer welcome in her bed.
Everything went back to the way it used to be.

  Mike looked at the big screen television and wondered whether he ought to
cancel Saturday night. Putting Denise together with Fran and Morty might create
a situation that would spin out of control. No, let things play out. Lately,
Denise had been acting a little too prim and proper for Mike's taste. Her
comments about public morality and people having no morals conflicted with
Mike's knowledge of Denise running off to meet Larry, her ex fiance.

  "I think it will be interesting to put Denise and Fran together and see what
shakes out," thought Mike.




Chapter 06 - Denise Joins The Fun



Please take note! Adults Only Literature

The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written for
adults only.

If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing this
file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
now.

This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
is purely coincidental, etc.

Copyright 2003

***

  "Come in you too," said Fran standing in the doorway of their condominium.

  "It was nice of you to invite us," said Denise handing Fran a bottle of wine
as a hostess gift.

  "Thanks for the wine. I just thought it would be nice to get together and
remember the old days when Mike and his Mom lived across the hall from us at
Terrace Place. I promise it won't be too boring. Denise, this is my husband
Morty," said Fran.

  "Hi Morty, Mike says nice things about you," said Denise.

  "He does, why would he do that?" said Morty.

  "Morty, be nice. Denise, pay no attention to Morty, anything's likely to come
out of his mouth. Hello Mikey, " said Fran who step up to Mike and clasped him
in a hug then planted a kiss directly on his lips.

  "Did Mike tell you how he had the hots for me when he was a kid?" asked Fran
who reached behind Mike to grab his butt with one hand.

   "All he told me was that you and Morty were good friends with him and his
Mother," said Denise not entirely comfortable with the way that Fran had taken
hold of her husband's rear.

   "I made a pitcher of Margarita's, if that okay with everyone," said Fran.

  "Be great, Fran, You look all moved in," said Mike.

  "I worked my tail off to get everything settled. Big job starts Monday and I
wanted to be settled," said Fran handing Denise and Mike their drinks.

  "This is good," said Denise taking a sip.

  "Made with blue agave tequila. Mike, remember the cheap generic beer you used
to pick up for us at that fat chink's drug store. It was either generic or
Schlitz.  I guess we all moved up in the world since those days," said Fran.

  "That I do recall. It was a no name product that cost about $7.00 a case,"
said Mike.

  Mike was seated on the couch beside Denise. Morty and Fran were each seated in
an armchair facing the couch. There was a glass coffee table between them set
with an assortment of cut vegetables, chips, crackers, cheese and dips. Mike
looked at Fran seated directly across from him and felt horny.

  "What an incredible outfit, Fran's wearing," thought Mike comparing it
favorably to he simple flowered green dress Denise was wearing. "I wish Denise
dressed a little sexier," thought Mike.

  Fran was wearing a pair of dark blue leather scuffs with a three-inch heel.
Very tight blue Capri pants with a waist that ran several inches below her navel
provided the bottom half of her attire. Mike recalled they were called 'low
risers'. Well they were certainly getting a high rise out of him. Fran had a
diamond stud in her navel and a small flower tattoo right below her navel only
inches above her pubic area.  The top consisted of a body-hugging yellow tank
top shirt with spaghetti straps exposing her shoulders. It was thin material and
her big nipples poked out like headlights. It was what teen-age girls wore at
the mall to drive the boys crazy.

   You would have though that someone Fran's size and age would look ridiculous
in clothes normally worn by sixteen-year-old girls but somehow she made it work.
Fran's stomach was flat as a rock and contoured. Fran was a big woman but a big
strong tight-bodied woman who had spent some time getting into shape. Mike
didn't remember Fran as a person who worked out. Fran noticed him staring at her
body.

  "You like my belly stud? I got it in Lynn, hurt like hell, and a biker friend
in New Hampshire did the tattoo," asked Fran.

  "It looks good on you. You've kept yourself in such good shape. I don't
remember you as a health enthusiast," said Mike.

  "I wasn't until ten years ago. I had let myself go, put on a lot of weight.
One day I was climbing stairs and found myself out of breath and dizzy. I had to
sit down on the steps and rest. This little kid is coming down the steps. He was
maybe ten. He looks at me and says 'what's wrong, Lady?" I replied "Just out of
breath." He said back. "Well if our ass wasn't so big you wouldn't have a
problem." Somehow that sunk in, I joined a health club and hired a personal
trainer."

  "You look terrific. I should exercise more. I'm lucky if I get to one aerobics
class in a week. My job wears me out," said Denise.

  "Hire a personal trainer, Denise, I'm looking for a new one to replace Rick,
the one I had in Lynn. Between us girls, you can consider them dual use. Rick
would work my muscles until I dropped then I would work his love muscle until it
dropped. A good personal trainer can keep a girl healthy in more than one way."

  "I should do that to make Mike jealous," said Denise thinking that Fran was
joking. Mike knew that Fran was probably telling the truth.

  "Are you the jealous type?" said Fran standing up to top off everyone's drink.

  "Whoa, I better slow down. One drink and I'm feeling it," said Denise

   "No one has to drive and tomorrow is Sunday, drink up," said Fran

  "Would you say I'm the jealous type?" asked Denise redirecting the question to
Mike as she took a gulp of her drink. Denise sensed that Fran was one of those
persons who operated behind a powerful capability for suggestion. People
naturally wanted to do what she asked.

  "No, you aren't that way," responded Mike thinking that Denise was out of her
depth when it came to dealing with someone like Fran.

  "Good, then you'll let Mike come over occasionally so I can work on his love
muscle," said Fran

  "Okay, but only if you let Morty come over to my place when Mike's here," said
Denise taking the entire conversation as a joke, one that she was slightly
uncomfortable with but still considered harmless. To Denise, it was the kind of
harmless banter that the doctors and nurses engaged in at the hospital. Nobody
took it seriously.

  "Done deal, we have an arrangement, Morty did you hear that? You owe Denise a
visit. Better get your Viagra ready," said Fran.

  "Dr. Potter refilled my prescription right before we left Lynn, I'm all set,"
said Morty.

  "I think Mike should go first," said Denise trying to keep the joke going.

  "He already has. He screwed me the day we moved in last Monday. Hoped on me
like I was a bitch in heat," said Fran.

  "Fran, keep quiet," said Mike alarmed that Fran had unexpectedly told Denise
about their encounter.

  "Denise doesn't mind sharing you as long as she gets something in return. Do
you Denise?" asked Fran.

  "I'm getting a little uncomfortable with this conversation. Maybe somehow a
wrong impression has been created. Mike and I are not into wife swapping or
anything like that. Our wedding vowels weren't just words in a ceremony. I took
them very seriously. I've never considered having sex with anyone but Mike since
we were married." said Denise with tight lips. She wanted to set the Fran
straight about her and Mike's relationship.

   "That's a very pretty speech Denise. It's also total lies and bullshit. Just
hold everything right there. I'm going to get something from our place," said
Mike getting up and exiting the Feinsteins front door.

  "Maybe I better go too," said Denise starting to stand up.

  "Mike said to wait and that's what we're going to do," said Fran standing up
to block Denise's exit.

  "As soon as he comes back, we're leaving," said Denise thinking how did things
get out of hand so quickly and why did Mike run off like that.

  "Relax, finish your drink, honey, no reason to go ballistic, nobody here is
going to harm you, right Morty?" said Fran.

  "No, no harm, just a little screwing" said Morty.

  Denise took a large gulp of her margarita to clam her nerves. The visit to the
Feinsteins seemed to be spinning way out of control. She certainly didn't want
to argue with Mike's old friends but suggesting that Mike had sex with Fran and
that she with Morty was out of the question. As soon as they got back to their
own place, she intended to question Mike closely about what Fran said about him
screwing her last week.

  "I think we should go," said Denise as Mike came back into the room carrying a
small athletic bag.

  "And I think you should sit down and shut the fuck up. For the last few
months, you've been taking every chance you get to talk about family values and
how we should be faithful to one another. Well I happen to know that's pure
bullshit and I got something to prove it," said Mike taking a videotape out of
the bag and inserting it into the slot of Fran's VCR.

   "Mike, I'm not staying here and watching porn. I'm leaving now and you're
coming with me," said Denise getting up to go once more.

  "You sit down and watch. Don't you want to see yourself?" commanded Mike.

  Denise hesitated as the television screen flickered several times and then
showed a bedroom that looked slightly familiar. She heard a voice off camera
say, "Larry, I shouldn't be doing this. I'm married now." The screen showed
Denise and Larry Tompkins entering the bedroom. Denise was wearing her nurse's
uniform.

  "Quit worrying, he'll never find out," said Larry taking Denise in his arms
and reaching behind her to unzip her uniform.

  "I've missed you," said Denise kissing Larry as he let her uniform fall to the
floor as she tried to unhook her bra.

  "Let me, you never were any good at that," said Larry reaching behind her back
to unhook her bra. As soon as Denise's breasts were exposed, Larry went to work
on her nipples with his mouth.

  "I love it when you suck my nipples," said the on camera Denise.

  "Denise, what was that little speech you made a few minutes ago about wedding
vowels not just words in a ceremony. You've been a naughty girl," said Fran.

  "I made a horrible mistake that one time. How did you get that videotape?"
cried Denise tears coming to her eyes.

  "If it was only one time, why do I have four tapes with your name and
different dates on them? You're a fucking lying bitch," yelled Mike.

  "Where did you get them?" asked Denise starting to sob.

  "From his apartment, after he had to leave town. You wonderful ex fiance had a
hidden camera set up in the bedroom that was voice activated. I found it by
accident. I might add, there were a number of tapes with other girl's names and
dates on them. I took his entire collection including several of your best
friends Tracy Lucas. It's dated right after your first performance on camera. If
you listen to it, you discover that little Tracy was fucking Larry while you two
were engaged. Later, he and Tracy talk about how he was fucking you while we
were engaged. Shit, you apparently snuck over to his place for a quickie the
afternoon before we were married," said Mike holding up a videocassette.

  "Tracy's in one of those tapes, that can't be," said Denise in a voice that
trembled. "Tracy was my bride's maid when Mike and I got married, we went all
the way through high school and nursing school together"

   "And all the while, she was screwing Larry when ever he wanted it. She and
Larry talk about what an idiot you are for never catching onto them. I might add
they talk about this while he's butt fucking her. I'll let you watch Larry
packing Tracy's shit while they talk about what an idiot you are," said Mike.

  "God you drive me crazy when you do that," said Denise's voice from the
screen. She was naked on her back and Larry's head was between her legs eating
her pussy.

  "You liked Larry's muff diving? I gather he could really make you cum big time
when he ate you, all four tapes begin with his mouth working on your twat," said
Mike.

  "I guess we're seeing a side of Denise that we didn't know was there. What was
all that two minutes ago about how you weren't into sex outside marriage," said
Fran.

  "Please turn that off, said Denise who was sobbing. Mike noticed that Morty
was stroking himself through his pants while he watched the television. Denise
on screen was letting out the same little moans that she had that very afternoon
when she and Mike had made love.

  "One thing that bothers me is that you seem a lot less inhibited with Larry
boy than you do with me. It kind of makes me wonder why most of the time you
refuse to give me oral sex but Larry gets a blowjob without even asking. Can you
explain that to me, my good, loving, and faithful wife," demanded Mike.

  "I can't watch anymore of this," said Denise jumping up to leave.

  "Let me handle this," said Fran who quickly jumped up and blocked Denise's
exit.

  "Whatever you want, Fran. She's just a slut and deserves to be treated like
one," said Mike feeling his old desire to allow Fran to take charge come back to
life. He sensed that he also wanted Fran to take charge of Denise's life.

   "Sit down and finish your drink," said Fran pushing Denise back onto the
couch.

  "Don't you dare touch me," said Denise starting to get up again.

  Fran swung her arm to land a bitch slap on the side of Denise's cheek. It
caused her head to jerk to one side.

  "I said sit down," said Fran.

  Denise was too enraged to act sensibly and launched her body across the coffee
table at the standing Fran. Denise had moved so quickly and with such force that
she bowled Fran over backwards onto the armchair that turned over onto its back.
The two women rolled onto the floor. Mike noticed that Denise's yellow panties
were visible, since her dress had ridden up. Morty had pulled his cock out and
was stroking it as he watched the women struggle on the floor.

  "Stupid little cunt," Fran said as she rolled over on Dense pinning her to the
floor. Fran positioned her knees across Denise's arm thereby allowing Fran's
arms to be free while Denise was helpless.

   There was a moment when Mike considered going to his wife's aid but that
quickly went away when Fran landed two powerful slaps to the sides of Denise's
face. Both of Denise's cheeks reddened. The force of the blows stunned Denise. A
trickle of blood seeped out of one nostril.

  "Let's see what you got for tits, honey?" said Fran as she tore open the front
of Denise's dress then pulled the bottom of her bra up and over to expose her
breasts.

  Denise was crying and calling for Fran to get off her. Morty was showing an
interest, staring hard at Denise's tits.

  "Pull her nipples out, I want to see," said Morty whose wrinkled and
liver-spotted penis was starting to get hard.

  "Small but not tiny. Let's stretch those nips out where we can get a good look
at them," said Fran who grabbed each of Denise's nipples between her thumb and
two fingers, pressed down and pulled then viciously away from Denise's chest.
Denise let out a howl of pain.

  "Don't be such a baby. Getting your nipples hurt should turn you on. Let's get
a look at the rest of what that ex-fiance of yours has been getting," said Fran
getting to her feet and pulling Denise up by her hair to a standing position.
Fran slammed a fist into Denise's stomach causing her to drop to her knees on
the floor bent over double. Denise made retching sounds like she was going to
vomit but nothing came up.

  Once again, Fran buried her hand in Denise's hair and pulled her to a standing
position. This time she grabbed the shoulders of Denise's dress and ripped it
downward. Denise was left upright. Her bra was up above her breasts with her
panties and shoes her remaining attire. 

  "Your wife had little tits, that's okay. I bet her pussy is tight," said Morty
busily stroking his cock.

  Fran spun Denise around and unsnapped her bra and yanked it off. Denise was
sobbing hysterically but took that as an opportunity to bolt for the door. Fran
was on her in an instant once again grabbing her by the hair and yanking her
onto the floor on her back. Fran reached down with one hand to the waistband of
Denise's yellow panties and pulled them completely off. Then she administered
another vicious slap to Denise's cheek. Denise was naked now except for her
sandals. Fran lifted her by the hair. You could see that from the way the skin
was stretched at the temples.

  "I'm hard, Fran, I want to fuck her," said Morty.

  "Okay, sweetie, but come over here and hold her while I loosen her up some
more," said Fran.

  Mike had his cock out and was playing with himself. Morty struggled to his
feet and waddled over to Fran and Denise with his pants down to his ankles. He
had an erection standing out and waving as he walked. Denise took a look at
Morty and wailed.

"Mike, he's going to rape me," Denise cried.

  "I know and I'm going to watch and enjoy it," responded Mike taking his own
cock out.

  "Hold her straight up with her arms behind her," said Fran. Morty did as he
was told. The sobbing Denise's arms were pinned behind her back. Fran delivered
several short jabs to each side of Fran's rib cage. Denise moaned in agony. Fran
followed with hard jabs to her abdomen. To Mike, Fran looked like a professional
boxer delivering a series of vicious body blows.

  "Hold her still, Morty. Denise this is known as a 'tit hammer'," said Fran as
she slammed her fist straight into Denise's breast. It made a thwacking sound,
like a wooden mallet landing flush on a piece of flank steak. Then Fran brutally
struck Denise's other breast. Denise's breast flattened under the force of
Fran's blow. Mike said 'ouch' to himself as he watched Denise breast sink in to
the shape of Fran's fist. Then Fran bitch slapped Denise's face four times, two
on each cheek. There was blood dripping from her lips and nose when Fran
finished.

  "Hurts, doesn't it Denise?" asked Fran as she reached between Denise's legs
and grabbed her clitoris and twisted it causing Denise to shriek.

   "Drop her on the floor. I'll face sit her while you fuck her," said Fran.
Morty let Denise fall limply to the floor then knelt down between her legs and
guided his cock into her pussy. Denise groaned as Morty entered her.

  "Come over Mike and take sloppy seconds, just like the old days," said Fran.

  Mike was off the couch immediately. He quickly undressed. He walked over to
Fran and pulled her top over her head exposing her breasts and taking a nipple
in his mouth. Then he helped her slide her Capri pants down. He stuck his hand
between Fran's legs and rubbed her pussy. Mike was literally ready to pop he was
so hot. Down on the floor, Morty was pumping away inside Denise.

  "Look at Morty go. Viagra, it's a wonder drug, Morty hadn't fucked anyone for
years then all of a sudden Viagra comes on the market and once again, he's a
stud, look at him go, your little lady seems to be liking it, thanks be to the
Pfizer corporation," said Fran.

  Denise was moaning each time Morty thrust into her. When Morty pulled his cock
out, it glistened with wetness.

  "Let's do a little daisy chain. You get on all fours, straddling her mouth and
I'll get in front of you on all fours and you can do a little butt munching,"
said Fran.

  Mike found himself forcing his cock between Denise's lips. Denise whether out
of confusion or fear or even blind lust began to slowly suck his cock as he
fucked down into her mouth? He could hear Morty breathing hard as he stroked in
and out of Denise. He was a little surprised when Morty bent forward and began
to lick his asshole.

  "Clean my shitter out with your tongue and Morty can do yours, Mike" said Fran
as she settled into position with her naked butt right in front of his face.
Mike slid his tongue in Fran's ass crack and immediately tasted her shit.

   "There was a little fudge in there for you to eat, Mikey, You used to like
the taste of my shit," said Fran

   "I still do," said Mike feeling very aroused as Morty had worked his tongue
up Mike's ass while his cock was in sliding in and out of Denise's mouth and his
own lips were licking and sucking Fran's butt hole.

  Behind Mike, Morty let out a long breath as he dumped a load of semen in
Denise's cunt.

  "I'm done, nice tight cunt, good fuck," was Morty comments as he slowly got up
and sat back down in the chair.

   "Here's some lube, you take her ass while I turn her blue," said Fran handing
Mike a tube of lubricant.

  Mike had never fucked Denise in the butt nor had anyone as far as he knew. But
doing things for the first time was what happened when you consorted with Fran
Feinstein. A few times, he had suggested to Denise that they try anal but she
had always responded like he had just asked her to have sex with the devil. Now
thanks to Fran, he was going to ram his pecker right up Denise's Hershey highway
and there wasn't a damn thing she could do to stop him.

  Mike smeared some lubricant on his fingers and Denise's butt hole and slipped
one finger inside while he covered his cock with the slick stuff. He thought
about slowly working first one then two or more fingers into Denise to loosen
her up so her first anal fuck did not hurt too much. But then he decided he
wanted it to hurt like hell so he withdrew the one finger and positioned his
hard cock at her opening. He pushed forward to feel the anal ring open part
slightly. Denise started to stir, sensing what was about to happen. Fran knee
walked forward to where her pussy was directly over Denise's nose and mouth then
lowered herself.

  "Start licking, honey, or I'll pull your nipples off," said Fran grabbing
Denise's tits and twisting each nipple as she dug a long fingernail into the
flesh.

  Mike pushed forward and felt his cock head slide inside Denise's anal ring.
God it felt good to be butt-fucking Denise. All those months of listening to her
bull shit about the sanctity of marriage while he knew what she did with Larry
and probably still would be doing if Larry had not left town had created a rage
inside Mike that was now unleashed.

  Denise bucked up and tried to yell but Fran clamped her pussy over Denise's
air paths and no sound emerged.

  Mike grabbed Denise by the waist and slammed forward hard. His cock traveled
into Denise's bowels as far as it would go. Denise's body twisted in agony.

  "You enjoy hurting her, don't you?" asked Fran.

  "Yes, I do, I want to fuck her ass till it bleeds," said Mike withdrawing then
ramming forward.

   "Just keep fucking her butt while I smother her," said Fran rising up until
Denise could get a breath of air then lowering herself down once more. Mike
found himself incredibly turned on with his cock in his wife's tight ass,
especially when her body started to twitch and squirm as her oxygen ran out. At
the last moment, Fran would allow Denise a couple of breaths then once again
smother her. This went on for ten to fifteen cycles before Mike could hold back
no longer and unleashed his cum into his wife's rectum.

  "Help me get her into the bathroom. Your wife needs to be trained as a toilet
slave," said Fran.

  Mike and Fran took the nearly unconscious Denise to the bathroom and laid her
down on the title floor on a plastic cloth Fran had. Morty tagged along. Fran
left the room but returned shortly with two pairs of long nose pliers.

  "These are my persuaders, Sometimes it takes a little convincing to get
someone to drink your piss and eat your shit," said Fran.

  "Wake up sleeping beauty, " said Fran holding a bottle of poppers under
Denise's nose. Denise's body jerked back to full consciousness.

  "Let me go," said Denise

  "Open your mouth, honey, Morty's got to pee," said Fran.

  Denise looked at Fran without comprehending.

   "Pull her nipples way out, Mike, grab them by the ends," said Fran. Mike did
as instructed ignoring the pleas from Denise for him not to hurt her.

  Fran closed the long nose pliers on the base of each nipple. The nipple
tightened and bulged out as the blood supply was trapped in one end. When Fran
applied pressure, Denise let out a full-throated scream then another.

   "You going to swallow Morty's piss, aren't you honey," asked Fran

  "I can't. Please let me go and quit hurting me," cried out Denise.

  "Wrong answer," said Fran who then clamped down harder causing Denise to
scream twice then pass out. Fran reapplied the bottle of poppers to bring her
around.

  "After I tear your nipples off, I'll start on your clit and pussy lips, ready
for a piss cocktail?" asked Fran.

  "Yes, I can't stand the pain," said Denise.

  "Morty, you're up, try not to piss all over the place," said Fran.

  Morty did a credible job of landing most of his piss in Denise's mouth. Fran
kept telling her to swallow. Mike supposed that Denise found it easier to
swallow Morty's pee than allow Fran to crush her nipples. After Morty, it was
Mike's turn.

  Mike looked down at his wife's open mouth as his urine landed between her
lips. She was choking and swallowing. He kept it slow and controlled so she
could swallow as much as possible. Next, the sound of Fran's noisy pissing
filled the room as Denise tried to keep up with the flow. Denise was terrified
of the pliers and kept her mouth open and swallowed everything she could. Mike
had a moment when he wished Fran were pissing in his mouth.

  "Now Denise, I doubt you ever ate anyone's shit before even your old
boyfriends so I'm going to be the first. Here, Mike, grab the base of her clit
with this," said Fran handing Mike one of the long nose pliers. Mike pulled
Denise's clit out as far as he could then captured the nerve ganglia at the base
in the pliers and gave it a squeeze.

  Denise came up off the floor screaming in pain.

  "Careful, Mike, you'll do a clitectomy if you don't watch it," said Fran as
she positioned her butt hole over Denise's face.

  "Denise, you're going to have to cooperate or Mikey here is going to rip your
clit off and feed it to my goldfish. When my asshole opens, you get your mouth
around it and take my nice hot turd in, chew it up and swallow it, shit is best
when its eaten at body temperature," said Fran

  Denise was sobbing like a baby. Mike wasn't sure she could do it.

  Fran grabbed one of Denise's nipples with the other pliers and crushed it.

  "Listen Denise, you either eat this turd or Mike's going to maim you so even
your old boyfriend won't fuck you. Tell me you're ready," said Fran

  "I'm ready," said Denise too terrified and in too much pain to do anything but
comply.

  Denise looked up at Fran's asshole as the ring slowly spread and a brown turd
appeared at the opening.

  "It's coming, honey, open wide and swallow if you want to keep your cunt able
to do something besides piss," said Fran.

  Mike watched as the terrified Denise raised her head to place her lips around
the end of the turd. For a second after first contact, she drew back but Fran
tightened the pliers on her nipple and she quickly surrounded the turd with her
lips. Mike saw Denise's jaws move as she started to chew with her back teeth and
then her throat contract indicating Denise had just swallowed her first ever
mouthful of shit. The turd continued to emerge for another minute or two until
Mike would have guessed that Denise had taken in six to eight inches of Fran's
shit. Fran stood up.

  "Shit eating cunt," said Fran. A flash blinded Mike's eyes and he looked to
see Morty standing there with a camera focused downward on a naked Denise, her
lips and mouth smeared with brown shit. Morty took another half dozen images of
Denise lying there in a pool of yellow piss, her face covered in brown turd.

  "Help me get her in the shower," said Fran to Mike.

  Mike took Denise into the shower and washed her off. He took the shower spray
and washed out her mouth. She seemed totally out of it leaning up against the
shower wall. Her nipples were still flattened from Fran's pliers.

  The next thing Denise knew she came awake on the couch back in the living
room. Morty was on top of her fucking her and Mike was seated in one of the
chairs. Fran was straddling Mike and ridding his cock.

  "Oh, sleeping beauty is awake. Look at the television and see who's being
fucked," said Fran as she slowly glided her cunt up and down Mike's cock.

  Denise looked over Morty's shoulder to see a woman she immediately recognized
as a younger Fran and a man she recognized as a younger Morty screwing some
woman. After a few moments, she recognized that the woman was Mike's mother,
Inez. Inez was thrusting her pelvis upward to meet Morty's cock and while she
kept repeating, "fuck me Morty, fuck me hard."

  After a few moments of vigorous fucking, a young boy comes into view and
mounted the woman as Morty finished. The woman looked shocked and tried to move
but Morty and Fran grabbed her. They helped the young boy climb on and mount the
woman. Once on top, he began to fuck Inez with a will. Inez relaxed and
immediately began to fuck the young boy like she was enjoying it.

  'Oh my God,' thought Denise, 'that's Mike at fourteen having sex with his own
mother'.

  "Videotape is twenty years old but still pretty clear. Mike loved to fuck his
mother and Mom was happiest when Mike was doing her," said Fran.

  Denise closed her eyes as Morty pounded away inside her. The evening was a
nightmare she hoped she could awaken from and forget. But she knew it was real.
Somehow, Mike knew about Larry and acquired those videotapes. It sickened her to
realize that her best friend, Tracy, was also fucking Larry behind her back. 
She and Tracy had lunch together several times a week.

  Her adultery with Larry shattered her moral defenses. As bad as Fran and Morty
were, Denise couldn't claim to be any better. By allowing Larry Tompkins to fuck
her even when she was engaged to Mike and right up to and after her wedding day,
she had lost the right to claim the moral high ground. Fran was an evil person
who had gained control over Mike years ago and never relinquished it. Now Fran
had gained control over Denise.

  "Don't just lay there you cunt, fuck Morty like it was Larry or so help me,
I'll make you eat one of my turds every day for a month,"" snarled Mike.

  "My, oh my, I really trained you right in those few days at Terrace Place,"
said Fran as she slowly fucked Mike.

  "Denise, you do like hubby says. Morty may be old and unable to get it up
without the neighborhood drugstore but he is a person with feelings so fuck him
like he was Ton Cruise or that Larry fellow," said Fran.

  Denise wrapped her legs around Morty and began to pump against him as they
fucked. After a while, the feeling of Morty's cock inside of her slowly became
pleasurable and Denise lost herself into the act of fucking to the point that
when Morty released in her, she let her own intense orgasm occur. She writhed
and pitched clutching Morty to her breasts.

  Morty seemed mildly surprised that Denise experienced a climax. He looked
almost offended.

  "The cunt came," said Morty.

  "So, what do you care?" asked Fran.

  "Shows a lack of respect," said Morty.

  "What do you want to do about it?" asked Fran.

  "This" said Morty who took his hands and forced Denise's mouth open and slowly
released a large glob of spit between her lips.

  "Swallow it," ordered Morty.

  "I could live a hundred years with that man and never understand how that
primitive mind works," said Fran.

  Denise passed out from exhaustion and the sheer feelings of disgust of the
things that had happened to her that night.




Chapter 07 - Ladies Day Out



Please take note! Adults Only Literature

The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written for
adults only.

If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing this
file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
now.

This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
is purely coincidental, etc.

Copyright 2003

***

Mike returned from his regular Saturday afternoon of golf to find Denise lying
face down on the couch asleep. Mike was tired also. Knowing that Denise would be
out with Fran all day, he had played thirty-six holes. After the final round, he
had shared a few beers with the boys in the clubhouse. It was almost 8:00PM.
Denise was lying there naked with an Afghan covering the lower part of her body.

  Mike thought she looked a mess, tired, exhausted and even dirty. There were
smudges on her back and face. Her hair, normally clean and shiny looked greasy
and matted down. She acknowledged his entering the room by sitting up a little
higher on the couch arm.

  "You look a wreck, shower broken," asked Mike.

  "No, just too tired and disgusted with myself to clean up. Plus I thought it
would be instructive for you to see what I look like after spending the day with
Fran. I smell like unwashed bodies, my face spent some time buried in armpits
and assholes today, ones that hadn't seen a shower in days."

  "She really put you through your paces, huh?" asked Mike.

  "Yes, and every pace was a filthy step in sexual depravity. That woman has got
me to the point that I don't even feel human anymore. I'm just a piece of fuck
meat for her to do with as her perverted mind sees fit.  I am not sure there are
nasty enough words to describe my self image at this point," said Denise

  "I want to hear what happened. Get you a beer?" asked Mike.

  "Yes, there's some Rolling Rock on the second shelf. I'd like one of those,"
said Denise in a sad weak voice.

  Mike returned from the kitchen with two bottles and glasses. He sat a bottle
and glass down on the table in front of the couch. Denise grabbed the bottle and
drank without using a glass.

  "You're picking up bad habits, drinking out of the bottle, you spent the first
year of our marriage training me to always use a glass, now you swig from the
bottle like a ..." said Mike

  "Like a street whore or a trailer trash girl with an itchy twat that always
needs a big dick scratching it," said Denise finishing Mike's sentence

  "Your language has certainly got more colorful since you and Fran began
hanging out together," said Mike a little shocked at Denise's language.

  "Like they say, you lie down with dogs, you get fleas," said Denise.

  "Cut the melodrama, what happened?"

  "Can't wait to hear what dreadful things happened to me so you can get your
cock hard then go next door and fuck her. She may beg off tonight with a sore
pussy. Your friend, Fran, and I went in for quantity today not quality and after
a certain number of dicks, it gets sore down there. If Fran's not available, why
don't you and Morty go queer? I think he likes to put his tongue in your ass."

  "If Fran's not available, I'll just come back here and screw you in the ass.
Maybe I'll watch the cassette we made last week of Morty butt fucking you while
I rip open your ass hole. When I'm done, I'll make you lick your shit off my
cock. Or maybe, we'll invite your friend Tracy over for a group grope. In one of
the videos, she and Larry discuss getting you in a three way."



  "Been there, done that, doesn't scare me anymore, right now, my ass is full of
cum, from a lot of sources, not all of them human and for that matter, I've
licked enough shit off cocks today to make a meal," said Denise.

  "So enough of this bullshit, tell me what happened," said Mike getting turned
on at the prospect of listening to what Fran had forced Denise to do.

   "Fran and I left right after you headed to the golf course. It must have been
about 9:00 in the morning. You should have seen what she had for me to wear.
Black leather motorcycle chaps with a black leather thong underneath. Basically,
my naked ass was showing all the way up Interstate 93. We rode up to New
Hampshire to a small town called Lincoln in the White Mountains where there is a
lake and a camping area owned and operated by the New England Pagans, a
motorcycle gang. Fran told me that the Pagans are the sole distributors of
controlled substances for both New England and the Canadian Maritime provinces.
She also said they were perfectly willing to and frequently do kill in order to
maintain their sole rights of distribution. They're also into prostitution,
pornography of the more bizarre type, and murder for hire but drugs are the
biggie."

  "Keep going, sounds like you had an interesting day," said Mike.

  "Every year on the first weekend in July, all the branches of the Pagans
gather at their camp for frivolity, rape, and general mayhem. They also discuss
ways and means to improve their drug business. For entertainment, they have a
number of contests and guess what, surprise, Fran Feinstein, is an honorary
Pagan and the only person ever to have won two years in a row, their Gang Bang
contest. Fran is now the only three-time winner. However, she announced her
retirement from the contest, 'getting to old for this shit' was the way she
expressed it on the ride back. "

  "So after you left, I went over there to find Fran dressed in leather. She
hands me a helmet and a leather jacket, puts me on the back of a Harley and we
headed north."

   "I didn't even know Fran had a motorcycle," said Mike.

  "Yes, it was covered by a tarpaulin in her garage.  I don't know much about
motorcycles but this one was a huge Harley Davidson. I was terrified I would
fall off so I hung on for dear life while Fran raced up I-93. Once or twice I
looked at the speedometer and we were traveling at ninety, sometimes over a
hundred miles per hour. Several truckers liked my ass enough to try to keep up."

  "After about a ninety minute ride, we exited the expressway, drove through
this small town on a secondary road for maybe ten minutes, then turn off onto a
side road, drove for a couple of miles and reached the camp of the Pagans. It
was bedlam there, drunken men and women ridding around naked on motorcycles with
bottles of beer or Jack Daniels in their hands. There had already been some
accidents and an ambulance was leaving just as we pulled up. There were hundreds
of Pagans there."

  "So why did Fran and you go?" asked Mike.

  "She explained that on the way up. The helmets had a headset. There is a
contest between last year's winner and a challenger selected by some process
unknown to me but I can well imagine how. The object is to make twenty-five men
cum in the shortest amount of time. Fran and I were to be the defending
championship team. My role in the contest was to be her 'fluffer'. Do you know
what a fluffer is?"

  "Actually I do, when you're making a porn film, she's a girl who works off
camera giving blowjobs to the male actors to keep them hard so they have an
erection when the cameras are rolling. Time is money when you're making porn,"
responded Mike unable to recall where he had picked up that interesting piece of
information.

  "Well, I guess that was close to what I did. Fran was going to fuck these
twenty-five guys who were required to come in her ass or pussy. My job was to
get them almost ready to cum then they would mount Fran and dump their load in
her. If I made them cum or someone didn't or couldn't cum, then they tacked
penalty minutes on our score."

  "Interesting contest," said Mike as he took a drink of his beer.

  "Anyway we arrive at this log building and go in. Everyone seems to know Fran.
They were kissing her and feeling her tits and ass. This really scary guy with
tattoos on every available inch of his body and built like a mountain comes up
to me and asks, "You ready to suck some dick honey?" I was too scared to say
anything other than 'yes'. So he pushes me down to my knees in front of him.  He
didn't move so I guess that meant I had to do all the work. I unzipped his
pants, reached in and pulled out his cock that was enormous just like the rest
of him. I don't think the bastard had bathed in a month.  The smell made me want
to puke but I started to lick it and suck it. Fran finally noticed what was
happening and said something.

  "That's my fluffer, Big Sam, I don't need you to tire her mouth out before the
contest," said Fran.

  "How about I just fuck her then?" asked Big Sam.

  "Sure, but make it quick, Ernie wants to get started,"

  "Get naked, honey, I'm going to give you the ride of your life," said Big Sam

  "I was to stay naked for the rest of the day. Big Sam was the most frightening
human being I've ever seen. He was built like an NFL lineman, well over six feet
tall and all muscle. His head was shaved and his body covered with tattoos. He
had studs in his ears, tongue, and nose and there was a big stud in the tip of
his cock that caused me so much pain I thought I would pass out. Later Fran told
me he was the Pagan's Enforcer. That means if someone is causing the Pagans a
problem, Big Sam shows up and beats them to death. They don't like to use guns.
They feel it's more macho and more effective as a threat to know that Big Sam
will slowly break all your bones."

  "As soon as he told me to get naked, I got out of my clothes. He put me on all
fours, spit on the end of his dick and started to work that monster in me. He
talked to me while he fucked me. I was in so much pain from the metal stud
rubbing my vagina I had trouble answering him. There were Pagans all around me
watching me get fucked. I have to admit that I liked being watched. Fran said I
was a born exhibitionist. "

  "What did he talk about?" asked Mike.

  "He asked me if I was married and I said yes. He told me he preferred fucking
other men's wives. He asked me if you knew I was a whore and I said yes. I told
him you had found a videotape of me fucking an old boyfriend. He told me he
liked to go first because he knew that his stud hurt more when a pussy is fucked
for the first time. Big Sam pounded away at me and to be truthful I fucked him
back. I'm not sure whether it was lust or fear, maybe a little of both. He
climaxed inside me then made me clean his cock with my mouth."

  "So you got off from being fucked by this animal while everyone watched," said
Mike

 "Once I got started I did. You have no idea how afraid I was just being in the
presence of those people. Do you know what it was like for me to be there in a
crowd of strangers down on all fours with that animal slamming his cock in me
while everyone watched Big Sam get a piece. Well right then, I understood that
my life had been redefined by Fran Feinstein. I was no longer a registered nurse
with mission for taking care of the sick. Now I was a piece of meat to be used
by these half human savages."

  "You're getting melodramatic again. So some bikers watched you get fucked. We
all know that you're a whore and a slut so it's not a big deal. What happened
next?" asked Mike?

  Fran told me the contest was about to start and for me not to bother getting
dressed. After a while, you get used to being naked even if there are hundreds
of strangers around. We left the headquarters cabin and walked over to an
outdoor theatre. We climbed up on the stage where there were two single beds."

  "Were there many people in the audience?" asked Mike



"Hundreds, someone had carved an amphitheatre in the side of a hill. The lake
was behind us. On stage there were two other women. One was almost as tall as
Fran and the other was a young skinny blonde girl. As soon as we arrived the
three of them took their clothes off. Fran's opponent was built like Fran with
powerful shoulders, big tits, and muscular legs. She was a little smaller
though. Unlike Fran, she was also covered with tattoos including several on her
face. Her 'fluffer' looked like a kid who couldn't be more than sixteen. The kid
looked even more scared than me."

  "Ernie was the announcer. When he introduced Fran, she marched to the front of
the stage and hoisted her tits up for the audience. They applauded like crazy.
Then the introduced me and I had to stand there naked beside Fran in front of
all those people. Fran told me to wave and I did. Ernie introduced the other
team and then explained he rules."

  "Twenty five men have been chosen at random to gang bang each contestant. The
contestant that gets all twenty-five off in the least amount of time wins. If a
man doesn't cum or cums in the fluffer, five penalty minutes are added to the
time. As each man finishes, he dismounts and rings the bell to signify he's
popped his cork."

  "There were steps leading up to the stage at each corner. There were
twenty-five men on our side, every one of them looked like a criminal and
probably was. The first three or four had their cocks out and were playing with
them. Fran gave me final instructions.

  "I told you everything you need to do on the way up. I should have mentioned
that if we lose, the winners get to do some very nasty painful stuff to both of
us right here on this stage. I should also mention that I will personally make
your life a living hell and you will rue the day we didn't win this, suck hard,
suck well," said Fran.

  "From the looks of you, I'd say you lost," said Mike.

  "No, we won big time. When our number twenty-five rang the bell, they were
still on eighteen. I sucked twenty-five cocks and got them hard as rocks. I just
wished some of them bathed more often. A few of them wanted to fuck me and I let
then do that. Fran did the rest. She would let a guy mount her then wrap her
legs around him and lock her ankles. Then she pump fucked him like mad while she
milked his dick with her cunt muscles. A couple of times, you've told me what an
incredible fuck Fran is. I can see that's true now. Last week, Fran demonstrated
to me the exercises she does to build muscles inside her vagina walls. She made
me feel them with my fingers. I think the woman could crack a walnut in her
vagina. Fran is so large and strong some of the smaller men looked like rag
dolls when she was fucking them. One little Pagan almost couldn't stand up and
ring the bell he was so pussy whipped. Fran would screw them, then shove then
off on the stage floor and yell next. I was on my knees the entire time sucking
one guy and giving another a hand job. Watching Fran fuck competitively was awe
inspiring in a hideous perverted way."

  "So you did well," asked Mike.

  "Fran was pleased. She said her hunch about me was right, whatever the hell
that meant. My jaw got very tired toward the end and my tongue felt like
sandpaper. Some of them held my head and forced it down my throat so it's a
little raw."

  "What happened next?" asked Mike?

  Well Fran accepted the $5,000 prize; She gave me a  $1,000 for my part. There
are ten one hundred dollar bills on the dining room table. Fran walked up to the
front of the stage and took the microphone from Ernie. She announced her
retirement from the competition then reached between her legs came out with a
handful of sperm and flung it into the audience. The place went nuts with bikers
clapping and stomping their approval. After that it got ugly."

  "Ernie handed both Fran and I a leather harness. It was made to hold a strap
on dildo. After the harness was buckled so tight I could barely breathe, Ernie
goes over to a chest and pulls out the two most vicious rubber cocks I've ever
seen. Both were as long as my arm and covered with hard rubber spikes. There
were spikes angled in both directions so you were going to tear flesh going in
and coming out. And the spikes went along the entire length. The head was wider
than the stem and the whole thing curved like a banana."

  "The losing contestant, her name was Virginia, took one look at the dildo and
bolted off stage. Unfortunately for her, she ran right into the arms of Big Sam.
He picked her up and slowly carried her back up on the stage. She was screaming
bloody murder how that thing would ruin her and she wouldn't be able to fuck any
more."

  "I'm surprised they get anybody to enter if loosing is that awful. What was
her fluffer doing?" asked Mike.

  "Cindy was cowering on the stage floor, too scared to move, I don't know why
anyone would enter. The other woman was a Pagan's girlfriend. I guess she didn't
think it would be so bad. Maybe she needed the $5,000. Even Fran seemed
impressed with the dildo. Later she told me she was very glad we won and that
she had retired a winner. She asked Ernie where he got the dildos and it turns
out that the Pagans own a rubber-molding factory in Irvine, California. They
called this model 'The Pussy Terror' and they're thinking about marketing the
thing as a fetish item in their chain of adult stores."

  "Big Sam takes Virginia, that's the loser's name, to center stage and holds
her straight up and off the ground by her hair. The fact that she had run off
rather than face that dildo embarrassed the Pagans since she was one of them.
Virginia was a big girl. It had to take incredible strength to hold her with one
arm. Virginia's trying to reach up and hold Sam's arm to keep him from tearing
her hair out by the roots. Sam uses his free hand to deliver an open palm slap
to one side of her face and then a backhand to the other side. I saw little
white objects come flying out of her mouth and bounce toward me on the stage
floor. I looked down to see three bloody jaw teeth lying at my feet. I felt
nauseated."

  "Wow, he knocked her teeth out," said Mike.



  "At least three, but I think there were more, God knows how many were hanging
in there loose. Sam drops her in a heap. Virginia is lying there with a mouthful
of blood. Ernie signals for Fran and I to get busy with the dildos. I'm supposed
to start with the Fluffer but my God, she's just a skinny kid and she's crying
her heart out begging me not to hurt her. I kind of hesitate for a moment so
Fran whispers in my hear, 'you better show some enthusiasm or they'll make you
swap places with her and that thing will be ripping your cunt wide open."

  "Fran is quite a show person. She has terrific stage presence and really knows
how to work an audience. She walks up to Virginia and makes her kiss and suck
the head of the dildo. It was covered in blood when Virginia was done. Newly
vacated tooth sockets bleed like crazy for a while. Fran and I position Virginia
and Cindy down on all fours facing the audience.

  Little Cindy doesn't want to cooperate so I slapped her face until she agreed
to assume the position. Her little butt was pointing straight up. She'd been
fucked a few times already so her vagina was open and oozing sperm.  Even her
asshole had sperm tricking out.

  Fran wanted me to synchronize with her so we worked the tip of the dildo into
their openings. Just that little bit of penetration hurt a lot and both of the
women started whining. I grab Cindy's hips just like Fran has Virginia's. I
listen as Fran yells for the audience to count with her. Five hundred Pagans
shout one; two, three and I slammed that rubber dick right into Cindy's
sixteen-year-old cunt with all the force this body could muster. I found the
strength to drive it to the point that her little butt slapped hard into my
pussy. The damn dildo was ling enough to reach all the way past her cervix and
uterus right into her womb. God did she scream when I hit bottom. I was glad, as
hell it wasn't me on the receiving end. I'd probably still be screaming."

  "Later, I found out that Virginia was Cindy's mother. Can you imagine
subjecting your own daughter to that kind of treatment? Both women let out a
scream that sounded like it was wrenched from the depth of their being. I felt
those rubber spikes tearing the flesh of their vaginas. As I pulled out of
Cindy, some of the spikes had little pieces of flesh attached. I looked down to
see blood oozing out of Cindy's pussy down her thighs.

  Ernie called out we were to give them each twenty stokes while the audience
counted. We did it slow to make the pain last. There was not a single stroke
where Cindy and Virginia did not scream their lungs out. Then we switched and I
did Virginia and Fran did Cindy for another twenty. Fran held that little girl
and pounded it home with a vengeance. There was blood flowing everywhere when we
finished. I can't imagine what would have happened if Fran and I had lost. I
would probably be in some ER having my pussy sewed back together."

 "However, I did see Virginia walking around the camp drinking a beer right
before I left. I asked her how Cindy was and she said she was in her tent
resting but not to worry, kids are tough, some mothers are unbelievable."

  "So you were done?" asked Mike.

  "We would have been but some idiot in the front row started shouting 'Make her
eat shit, Fran, she tried to run,' and they all took it up. So Ernie turned the
two women over on their back, said something to them. I guess compared to the
dildo fucking, eating somebody's crap was child's play. I squatted over Cindy
and grabbed my butt cheeks and pulled them apart to expose my anus. Cindy licked
my ass for a minute then held her mouth wide open. I managed to squeeze a large
light brown turd. As soon as an inch of shit had exited my asshole, I felt Cindy
wrap her lips around it and bit off the very end. She chewed and swallowed as it
slowly emerged. It's a weird feeling to have somebody's lips wrapped around one
of your turds sucking it into their mouth as you slowly push it out. You sense
their chewing and swallowing through the nerve endings in your butt. I got the
impression that mine was not the first turd Cindy had swallowed."

  "After that, we left the stage. Fran took me to an area where there were a
number of picnic tables. I drank a beer and ate a tuna sandwich with her. Then
she told me she had some business she needed to discuss with the Pagans and she
wanted me to pull a train while she was busy. She told me that for pure, nasty
sex, there was nothing quite like lying there and letting the Pagans fuck you.
She had me get up on the picnic table and lay on my back. She yelled for a bunch
of the bikers to come over and have some fun with me."

  "For the next few hours, I was fucked in every hole until I felt like they
were rubbing my skin off. Pagans fuck mean and they like to hurt you when
they're inside your body. You want to make a Pagan hard just start crying and
begging them to stop. The truth of the matter is that I enjoyed pulling that
train. There was something about lying there surrounded by Bikers with their
cocks out. They're waiting their turn with you. And you know that no one is
going to stop them. You don't know which of your three holes they're going to
use. You wind up full of semen. Your mouth tastes like cum and your belly is
full of it. You can feel it running out your asshole. Your twat's like a bucket
of cum and girl lube. It squishes when you walk. Your breasts and clit are sore
as hell from being pulled, yanked, punched, and twisted. God, it's a kind of
heaven for a whore like me. "

  "What kind of business would Fran have with the Pagans?" asked Mike.

  "I don't know and don't want to know. Maybe since she works for the telephone
company she listens in on all the DEA's calls for them."

  "So how many times did you get fucked on top of that picnic table?" Mike
asked.

  "No idea, they just kept getting on and off me for a couple of hours, somebody
videotaped part of it. I did a lot of anal. My ass is full of sperm. Want to be
like Morty and stick your tongue in there for a snack?"

  "Wish I could have been there," said Mike.

  "Me too because if you were not a Pagan or on a pre-approved list, they don't
exactly make you welcome. Around mid afternoon I heard a commotion. It turns out
that some tourist from Minnesota decided that he might find a great camping spot
if he turned off the side road leading to the Pagan camp. He had his wife, son
and three daughters with him. He rolled his Winnebago RV right up to the
headquarters cabin and the whole family walked in to get directions, just like
the Pagan Motorcycle Club was the New Hampshire Tourist Bureau"

  "My God, what happened?" asked Mike.

  "It got ugly, real ugly. The Pagans marched them right over to the
amphitheatre and partied with them. First they stripped the six of them naked
right out on stage while everyone watched. The boy and two of the girls looked
to be in their teens. The youngest daughter was pre-teen. When everyone heard
what had happened, they all rushed over to the theatre. I tagged along to see
what was happening. I was practically fucked to death anyway."



  "First, they brought Dad out and told him he was going to suck some cock and
get fucked in the ass. He told them no way and he was going to call the police
and have them all arrested. The audience was laughing hysterically. Can you
imagine being that dumb? Anyway, they tied him face down over this padded wooden
bench. They spread his legs s wide and they can get him. When he refuses to take
a cock in his mouth, they grab his balls and twist them 360 degrees. After that,
Dad is more than ready to cooperate. Ernie held a microphone to his mouth as he
noisily gave blowjobs to three Pagans."

  "I guess Dad got his courage back because all of a sudden one of the Pagans
being sucked off jumps back yelling that Dad bit his dick. In an instant, three
Pagans hold Daddy down while two others went to work inside his mouth with
pliers. They would yank a tooth out then throw it out into the audience where
catching one became a competitive sport. Two drunken Pagans almost got into a
knife fight over one of those bloody little souvenirs. In about five minutes,
the Pagans had undone years of careful dentistry not to forget the thousands it
cost. Until that moment, Dad's family at the back of the stage had been making a
lot of noise, crying and demanding to be let go. After the Pagans extracted all
of Dad's teeth, they got very quiet."

   "As you said, Pagans don't like strangers," Mike said.

  "I don't think they like anybody that's not a Pagan. After that, Dad uses his
bloody mouth to suck Pagan cock with a certain amount of enthusiasm. Half a
dozen Pagans screwed him in his ass. Dad made little yipping sounds as they ass
fucked him. The Pagans loved that. After multiple ass fucking, a muscular guy
comes up on stage with a large can of shortening. He would reach into the can,
take a handful and work it up Dad's rectum. Each time he went further up Dad's
GI tract until his arm was inside to the elbow. The Pagan established a regular
rhythm pulling all the way back to his wrist then slamming forward to his elbow.
You could see a big bulge in Dad's abdomen every time that fist traveled up his
lower intestines. One time, he went in past his forearm as Dad screamed his
bloody head off. They were through with Dad after that. Someone threw a rope
over a cross bream at the back of the stage and tied Dad's arms over his head
then hauled him up to where his feet weren't touching the floor. They tied a
cord around his balls and attached a cinder bock to the other end and let it
drop. His balls stretched to where they looked like they were eventually going
to rip off."

  "Ouch," said Mike.

  "Then they brought Mother and Son to stage front and offered her the option of
fucking her son or seeing him wind up like Daddy. In spite of her fear, Mother
knelt down and started sucking the boy's cock. She got him hard and he climbed
on and managed to get it in her and fucked away till he released a load. After
that they took the boy off stage and I saw some burly biker leading him away.
Fran leaned over to me and said that the boy's asshole would be able to handle a
baseball bat by nightfall."

  "After that, Mother had to take three cocks at a time.  They physically abused
her with pliers while they raped her. A Pagan would be on Mom fucking away when
the other would grab her nipples with the pliers and try to lift the both of
them off the ground. I thought one of the three was going to rip her nipples
off.  Ernie came and said something to Fran and she left with him to go up on
stage. I heard someone say 'Oh Fran's there, we're going have a smother fuck.'
After the three finished in Mom, Fran and this Pagan with a huge cock walked out
on stage. Fran positioned her pussy above Mom while the Pagan worked his
oversized organ in her. The Pagan started pounding away and Fran slowly lowered
herself over Mom's nose and mouth. In moments, Mom started squirming and trying
to get some air. But of course, Fran wasn't going to allow that until she was
ready. When Mom seemed to give up, Fran relented and she got a little air. All
the while, 'big cock' is hammering away. Fran keeps repeating the smother then
relax process until by some signal, she sense 'big cock' is ready to shoot and
she smothers Mom into unconsciousness. The audience loved it."

  "Fran's done that to you," said Mike.

  "Yes, while you or Morty were fucking me. To be honest I started to get turned
on wishing it were my face under Fran's cunt. I moved closer to a Pagan that was
stroking his cock and took it in my mouth. After I sucked him for a while, he
put me on his lap and slowly fucked me as we watched the show."

  "What happened next?" asked Mike?

  "They carried Mom off stage and tied her on her back to one of the picnic
tables. A group of Pagans surrounded the table and went to work rapping Mom. You
could hear her crying and begging them to leave her alone. They were still
raping her when Fran and I left but she was just lying there. They may have
rapped her to death."

  "And you were ridding this Pagan's cock while you watched them rape and
torture that family," said Mike.

  "Yes, you got what you wanted. I'm totally depraved now. I like to be fucked
while other people are in pain. Their screams get me off."

  "Good, that's the way I want you," said Mike.

  "After that they brought the oldest girl out and raped her. She screamed at
everything they did to her. That was stupid in a way because screaming gets them
excited. After the rape on stage, she was taken over to a picnic table beside
her mother and several males left the amphitheatre to continue the rape. The
second oldest was lead on stage to suffer the same fate as her older sister.
There was some blood when this hairy Pagan wearing a only a Nazi soldiers helmet
and boots rammed it in her without a moment of mercy. She must have been a
virgin. I can't imagine what goes through your mind when you are, say fifteen
and some scarred, ugly, dirty biker is fucking your pussy and chewing your
nipples and you look past him and see ten or fifteen more lined up to do the
same. The audience had dwindled a bit since Mom and the two daughters were on
picnic tables and there was a line at each table with a dozen or more men in
it."

  "When the youngest was spread out for rape, a tall skinny man appeared on
stage and the crowd started chanting 'Horse'. He looked like an NBA basketball
player. When he dropped his jeans, I understood why they were chanting. It as by
far the largest and longest cock I had ever seen on a human being.  It looked
too large to be real, like one of those fake cocks. The thing hung to his knees
and it wasn't even hard. 'Horse' stroked it hard and positioned it in the girl's
opening then started to shove forward. When only a tiny bit of it was inside
her, he stopped."

  "It was cherry popping time," said Mike rubbing his cock.

  "The Pagan next to me was playing with my tits as we watched. He whispered in
my ear, 'Remember when your cherry got popped'. Somehow that brought me back to
that night at Larry Tompkins house when we were making out on the couch while
his parents had gone to see a movie. I'd taken my sweater and bra off and Larry
was sucking my nipples and I was hot as a firecracker. All of a sudden, Larry
had his hand between my legs feeling my pussy and I just lost it. I spread my
legs wider so Larry could slip a finger inside the elastic and feel how hot and
wet my cunt was. Before I could say No, not sure I would have, Larry pulled my
pants down and off and bam he was inside as far as it would go. Larry Tompkins
did me when we were sophomores in high school."

  "I love it when you talk about your fucking other men," said Mike slowly
stroking his cock to hardness.

  "Back to the Pagans, The crowd was really into watching Horse fuck the young
girl. She knew what was coming. She'd watched her mother and two older sisters
being gang rapped. If she looked toward the picnic area, she could see what was
going to happen to her next. Horse got a good grip on the girl's hips and
violently jerked her onto his giant cock forcing it to slide in another six
inches. Ernie was holding the microphone to the girl's mouth so the audience
could hear her screams. The girl was out of her mind with pain. The Pagan beside
me in the audience stood up, pulled his pants down, sat down again then slides
me onto his lap and entered me without even looking at me. I was just the
nearest piece of ass and he needed some. I rode up and down on his cock playing
with my clit as I watched the little girl being raped. She was clinching and
unclenching her fists and screaming for Horse to stop and take his thing out of
her. Finally, 'Horse' was all the way inside her. I was surprised it was not
coming out her mouth."

  "At that point, I knew Fran had pushed me over the edge of human decency. She
had burned away every ounce of my moral fiber. I was enjoying a fuck while a few
yards away a freak was raping a twelve-year-old girl. At this point, I'm no
better than them or Fran or anyone. After the guy came in me, he passed me down
the line to the next Pagan and I fucked him. I climaxed more than once as I
watched that child being raped. When you're with those evil bastards you get
caught up in the pure insanity of it and even become a part of it but now
afterwards I feel so ashamed."

  "Quit moralizing. I don't like it. I want you to do whatever Fran says and
quit all this phony moralizing, go on with the story," said Mike

  "The twelve year old wound up on a picnic table like her mother and sisters,
Fran came and got me and said we were going for a walk. We hiked along the
lakefront for a while then we followed a path away from the lake. I sensed I was
being taken somewhere for a reason.  We came to a clearing and there was a small
building and a number of dog runs. Most of the dogs were Dalmatians and they
started barking as soon as we appeared. A Pagan came out to see what was causing
the commotion. He recognized Fran immediately.

  "Hello Fran, you come to see Beau?"

  "Sure have, Ron, and I brought a friend, her name is Denise, she wants to be
hooked up with one of your best fuckers," said Fran indicating me.

  "I said hello to Ron still unsure what this was all about. Keep in mind I was
naked with dried cum all down my legs. Ron showed us to entrance to the dog
runs. Fran went into one of the runs and was wildly greeted by a leaping
Dalmatian I assumed was Beau. Ron held open the door of another dog run or me to
enter. Ron informed me as I entered the run, 'His name is Rex, that means 'king'
in Latin.' I have no idea why Ron thought it was important I knew that."

  "I looked over to see that Fran was shedding her clothes. I still didn't
understand until Fran looked at me and spoke."

  "Can you imagine anything dirtier or nastier than fucking a dog. Could there
possibly be anything more degrading than sex with a lower species?" said Fran.

  "Is that what we're going to do? Have sex with these dogs?" I asked. In spite
of the fact that was pretty obvious, it took a while to get it. I suppose there
is something to the sayig that your getting your brains fucked out.

  "Yes, It's a question of limits. I want you to understand that when it comes
to sexual activity, there are none where Fran Feinstein is concerned. Ron, I
want a video of Denise and Rex, get your camera out," said Fran.

  "Wow, both you and Fran were going to fuck dogs. I wish I had been there,"
said Mike.

  "Ask Fran for the cassette if watching your wife suck a Dalmatian's cock turns
you on. Anyway, Fran told me to come over to the chain link fence separating the
two runs and we kissed through one of the square openings. We were trading
tongue kisses as the two dogs started licking our bottoms. Fran was starting to
get turned on."

  "Why can't men have long soft wet tongues liker you Beau?" Fran cooed to the
big dog with a busy tongue.

  "She kept tongue kissing me as Rex went to work between my legs. Rex did have
a talented tongue. Later, I asked Fran why the Pagans had a kennel of dogs
trained for sex with human females and she told me that the Pagans were also
involved in producing some fringe pornography involving bestiality and other
weird fetishes. Apparently there is a lot of money in making those kinds of
porn. After we kissed a while, Fran gestured for Ron to direct me while she and
Beau went at it. Ron had me get down on all fours and take Rex's cock that was
now well out of its sheath and suck it. It was wet and slimy but probably
cleaner than most of the Pagan cocks that had been in my mouth that day. Ron had
the camera out and took close up shots of me sucking Rex's cock deep into my
mouth. Rex had a big cock, long and pointed. Soon it was completely out of the
sheath. Ron told me to gently play with Rex's balls as I sucked him. Ron lead
Rex to the other side of me where Rex mounted me and with Ron's aid slid his
cock right inside my well-lubricated cunt. Rex got serious and began to pump me
furiously. I looked over to see that Beau had mounted Fran and was working her
cunt. Fran looked over at me and said 'Kind of different, isn't it?"

  "Ron, get Denise another dog," said Fran

   "Ron left Rex and me fucking away to go to another run and bring back another
dog. Ron directed me to suck Mercury while being fucked by Rex and I did. The
dogs certainly minded Ron. I heard Fran say something else.

   "Make sure he ties with her," said Fran.

  "I felt Ron reposition Rex's cock inside me and I felt something swelling up
inside my vaginal opening. Rex was really hitting his stride and I felt a warm
fluid flood into my vagina. My mouth was wrapped around Mercury's cock and I
felt Rex try to get off me but his cock was stuck inside me. I guess we all know
that dogs have a knot that keeps their cock inside the female for procreation
purposes. We've all see copulating dogs hung up together; but I had no idea that
a dog and a woman could also get knotted together."

  " 'Calm down' I heard Ron say to Rex who was tugging hard to get his cock out
of me. He was practically dragging me around. Ron grabbed Rex by the collar to
keep him from dragging me all over the dog run. He had Rex's collar in one hand
and was working the video camera with the other. I was working on Mercury's dick
when I felt my mouth filled up with dog cum."

  "How does it taste?" asked Mike

  "Similar but different. It's thinner, closer to water but still has a strong
salt like taste."

  "Did you swallow it?" asked Mike

  "Ron told me to and I did. I wasn't about to disobey a Pagan. Beau had
climaxed in Fran so she was done. She and I kissed through the chain link. She
wanted to taste the dog cum in my mouth."

  "My cock feels like it's going to explode. I'll asked Fran to see the video,"
said Mike.

  "You do that. After we got out of the dog runs, we went to Ron's cabin for a
three way. Fran and I took turns fucking him. It was Fran's way of paying him
back for allowing us to screw the dogs. Afterwards we walked back to the main
area. There were still lines in front of the four picnic tables where the Mother
and three daughters was being gang raped. Fran and I stopped to watch the second
oldest daughter being assaulted in all three holes at once. The girl seems
totally out of it, conscious but fucked into insanity. Mom, perhaps due to some
previously hidden survival instinct was fucking back. Something inside her had
triggered and she was humping away with whomever mounted her. I asked Fran what
would happen to those people. I was a little surprised at her reply.

  "Mom and Dad will definitely not make it out of here alive. They'll be at the
bottom of the lake. If the boy doesn't cause trouble and keeps his cool, he
might become one of the Pagan's chickens. He's a good-looking kid and had a nice
cock. The question will be whether he sucks and fucks well enough to make one of
the Pagans want to become his daddy. If the three girls survive all the rapes,
the two oldest will be sold to a South American brothel and spend the rest of
their days fucking gold miners for a few dollars a day. The youngest is pretty
and still has her little girl tits and bald pussy. My guess is that she will
star in one or more of the Pagan's pedophile videos. After a few months of
making kiddie porn, she'll be shipped off to South America too. But the three of
them have to live until tomorrow. The Pagans have been known to rape a woman to
death. They think that's cool." 

  "It was late afternoon and I thought we would be going soon but Fran took me
over to the main cabin where she paid one of the bikers $500 to give me this
souvenir," said Denise as she pulled the afghan off her butt to reveal a tattoo.
The tattoo consisted of a blonde woman on a motorcycle. The blonde woman was a
rough image of Fran. Underneath the motorcycle it read in four lines: NE Pagans
2002, Gang Rape Team Winner, Fluffer, 25 in 53 Minutes."

  "What's the significance of '53 Minutes'?" asked Mike

  "I sucked or fucked 25 cocks in 53 minutes and they climaxed in Fran. I never
knew tattoos were that painful. I almost passed out from the needle several
times. I have no idea how I am going to live with that on my ass. I can't
imagine what my gynecologist is going to say. Oh by the way, Fran suggested we
use a condom for the next few days. I've had unprotected sex with any number of
men today and gonorrhea, syphilis, AIDS, and other STDs are very common among
the Pagans," said Denise.

  "We can forget sex for tonight. I'm too tired anyway. In my first round I shot
a 78 but in the second round I lost it on the back nine and finished at 88.
We've got Mom tomorrow. I have to pick her up at 10:00," said Mike.

  "Fran wants us to bring your mother to her place for the afternoon. She says
she and Inez can talk about the old days at Terrace Place and we can go shopping
or to a movie," said Denise.

  "Okay, let's shower and get to bed. It's after 10:00," said Mike.




Chapter 08 - Mother Gets Snuffed



Please take note! Adults Only Literature

The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written for
adults only.

If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing this
file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
now.

This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
is purely coincidental, etc.

Copyright 2003

***

  "Mother, do you remember Fran and Morty Feinstein? They lived next door to us
when we were at Terrace Place," said Mike to his mother once he pushed her
wheelchair into Fran's condo. Mike's mother looked at Fran and Morty without a
hint of recognition. Mike's Mom had a yellow summer dress on and the ladies at
the home had fixed her hair.

   In spite of the summer heat, there was a small blanket sitting across her
lap. Although Inez Perkins was only five years older than Fran, the physical
difference in the two women was startling. Fran was the picture of good health,
tall, tanned and muscled where Inez was pale with an unhealthy yellow cast to
her skin. The overall impression was of a frail older woman who had serious
health issues.

  "Sorry, she's slowly getting worse. When I picked her up, she knew me, but by
the time we got here, she was lost again," said Mike to Fran and Morty.

  "Are you sure you want us to leave her under the circumstances?" asked Denise.

  "Yes, of course, just leave her with us. We'll take good care of her. Maybe
after a while, she'll remember us and we can reminisce, what time does your
movie start?" asked Fran.

  "Not till 2:10," replied Dense. Denise was wearing a short khaki summer skirt
and green tank top with sandals. Her hair was tied up in a green ribbon. It was
an all American girl look. Fran looked like she had just come from the gym. She
wore a pair of black spandex shorts and a light gray top that exposed her mid
riff. The top of her shorts was two inches below the diamond stud through her
navel. On her feet was a pair of cross trainers with no socks. Her shoulders
looked ripped. There was a kidney belt lying on the couch.

  "Well, you got a few minutes, have a seat," said Fran.

  "Inez, sweetheart, remember me, I was your neighbor, Fran Feinstein and this
is my husband Morty, " said Fran. But Inez just looked blankly ahead.

  "Your Mother has aged, my Aunt Eleanor suffered from what they called the
'early onset' form of Alzheimer's and overnight she went from attractive middle
age to a shrunk up little old lady. I told Morty to shoot me in the back of my
head if I'm ever diagnosed with Alzheimer's," said Fran who reached over to
place her large well-tanned hand on Inez's much smaller hand and give it a
comforting squeeze. Inez glanced at Fran but without recognition.

  "You found a gym?" asked Denise pointing toward the kidney belt.

  "Gold's Gym over on Parker. One of the girls who work with me recommended the
place. They got two personal trainers, Ricardo and Armando. I haven't tried
Armando yet but Ricardo and I worked together this morning, mainly on shoulders
and upper back. Then we went into the office and I worked on his Latin meat
rocket until he filled me with white salsa," laughed Fran.

   "I need to get more exercise, perhaps I should try a personal trainer, I
could use a good athletic fuck after a hard day on the ward," said Denise.

  "Denise told me about yesterday, sounds like you two had a wild time," said
Mike changing the subject. He was feeling a little uncomfortable with the idea
of Denise getting too independent.

  "Oh did we, Denise and I took on twenty five of the meanest bikers in American
and fucked their brains out in 53 minutes. Our competition was still screwing
number eighteen when we finished. It was a new record," said Fran.

  "I saw her tattoo, quite a souvenir," said Mike.

  "She deserved it. They'd never seen anyone who could fluff like her. She made
it easy for me. After we won, they had us dildo fuck the losers right up on
stage. One of the Pagans is going to send me a copy of video he made of the
contest. She should have seen Denise ramming this spiked cock into the twat of
little Cindy. My God was she squalling when that Pussy Destroyer reached bottom. 
It was two feet of sharp rubber spikes angled in both directions. You ripped
bloody groves in their cunts going and coming. If I knew what they were going to
let the winner use for a dildo, I'm not sure I would have shown up yesterday.
Last year, the winners got to spank the losers with a leather paddle until their
ass bled and then make them eat their shit but this year they changed the rules
and didn't tell anyone."

  "That dildo would have ripped me to shreds, I was surprised to see Virginia
walking around later," said Denise.

  "Pagan women are tough as they come, if we'd lost, no pussy for you two for a
month while we healed up, " said Fran.

  "I was exhausted last night but Mike made me stay up and tell him all about
it," said Denise.

  "I've got video cassettes of the gang bang contest, Denise pulling a long
train of Pagans on top of a picnic table and her with some canine friends, you
can watch them when you get a chance," said Fran to Mike.

  "I watched you and those two dogs, I want a quick fuck before you leave?"
asked Morty.

  "My God, Morty just spoke in a complete sentence. What's going to happen
next?" You're a good influence on him, Denise, Morty, have you taken your
medicine? Mike and Denise don't have all day, they have a movie to go see," said
Fran

  "I've taken it, all ready to go," said Morty as he unzipped his pants and
pulled out an erect cock.

  "Denise, take care of Morty before you go," said Fran.

  Denise stood up and unbuttoned her skirt and threw it on a chair. She slipped
out of her tank top then unhooked her bra and slipped her panties down her hips. 
She stepped over to Morty's chair, knelt down on the floor and took his cock in
her mouth and began sucking it.

  "Look at that, a woman spends one day with the Pagans and she's trained.
Someone waves a hard cock at her and she's ready, without question and without a
moment's hesitation," said Fran.

  "The change is amazing," said Mike not totally sure if he liked what was going
on.

  "I want a quickie too, come her and taste some of Ricardo's salsa," said Fran
standing up and dropping her shorts to the floor. Fran wasn't wearing any
panties under the spandex. She pulled her tank top up to expose her breasts. She
sat back down in an armchair and draped her legs over the chair arms. She
reached down and spread her cunts lips.

  "Dive in," said Fran to Mike who immediately fell to his knees in front of
Fran and took a long slow lick from the bottom of her vagina to the top of her
clitoris.

  "Denise is not the only one who's well trained," sad Fran as she leaned her
head back and sighed, "Oh, that's good, just give the little man in the boat his
tongue bath and I'll be happy".

  "On the floor, you dog fucking cunt" said Morty to Denise.

  Denise realized that in the several weeks they had known the Feinsteins, Morty
had never said her name He referred to her as 'cunt', 'whore' or 'bitch' but
never as 'Denise'. Somehow that struck her as just one more way she had been
degraded. Morty didn't find it necessary to speak her name just use the general
word 'cunt' and she knew he meant her. Morty was expecting to screw her just
like she was some prostitute that had tucked the money away and was now expected
to deliver what had been paid for.

   Morty had joined her on the floor and positioned her on all fours then
entered her pussy with a shove that pitched her forward on her forehead. When
Denise looked up she was facing Mrs. Perkins, looking directly at her
uncomprehending face. Denise grunted as Morty slammed into her. Viagra made
Morty's cock as hard as that of a high school boy. She let out another grunt as
she felt Morty stick a finger in her ass. Her butt hole was still sore from
yesterday. Mike was kneeling before Fran lapping her cunt.

  Denise looked at her Mother in Law sitting there in a wheel chair. It was a
measure of Fran's control over them that nobody had even protested the fact that
Mike's mother was seated right there watching them have sex with the Feinsteins.
What if Inez had one of her increasingly seldom moments of alertness and saw her
son and his wife having sex with the Feinsteins.

  Now Denise understood what happened twenty years ago at Terrace Place. She had
seen the video of Inez and Mike having sex with Fran and Morty just like Denise
and Mike were doing it now. Fran had gained control over Mike and then Inez.
Fran had resumed her control over Mike almost immediately and Mike had helped
Fran establish control over her. Denise had made herself vulnerable by having an
affair with Larry that somehow Mike had leaned about; so her moral barrier was
breached. From Mike's viewpoint, what was the difference between her screwing
Larry Tompkins after work and being down on her knees with Morty Feinsteins
Viagra powered dick pounding away in her.

   What effect would these memories have on that shrunken woman smiling at no
one sitting in her wheel chair? Of course, she didn't have any understanding of
what was happening. It was like she was there but not really there.

  "That right, Mike, eat Fran's pussy, like a good boy," said Fran holding
Mike's head between her legs.

  At that moment, Denise thought she saw a flicker of recognition pass over Mrs.
Perkins face. Inez had turned her head slightly when Fran spoke and looked at
her son noisily lapping away at Fran's pussy. Inez looked their way for a moment
and then turned her head back toward Denise and Morty.  Inez looked straight
into Denise's eyes. "She knows, she knows," thought Denise. Dense let out a low
moan as Morty worked a second finger in her butt. Fran had shown an old video of
Morty butt screwing Inez.

  "Go deep and make it hurt, baby," gasped out Fran. Mike had raised Fran's legs
over his shoulders and entered her cunt with his cock.  Denise watched Inez turn
her head slowly in Mike and Fran's direction and looked for a moment then turned
back toward Denise and Morty. "Yes, she knows, she can see us, she can remember
too, it was this way with her twenty years ago," said Denise.

  "Morty, fuck me in the ass," said Denise while looking directly into Inez's
face. Denise saw a flicker of recognition then motion as Inez's hand moved
underneath the lap blanket covering the lower half of her body. "She's got her
hand in her crotch playing with her clit, watching Morty ass fuck me just like
he did her twenty years ago, no doubt while Fran and Mike were fucking in the
same room." 

  Denise let out a long low sound of pleasure and pain as Morty sunk his cock
into her rectum.

  "Oh God that feels good, Morty, pack my shit," said Denise her hands grabbing
the carpet as the initial pain of rear entry turned to pleasure.

  "Ass fucking whore, shit mouthed twat, greasy piece of poontang, dog fucking
cunt," mouthed Morty.

  "No one but Denise had noticed that Mike's Mom's hand was making a jerking
motion in her crotch as she stared at Morty sliding his cock into Denise's ass.
Denise was getting turned on knowing that Mike's Mom was aware of her
surrounding. She reached between her legs and rubbed her clit with two fingers
as she felt Morty's cock invading her rectum.  Denise moaned with pleasure.

   "That's right, bitch, moan, beg me to plow your ass," said Morty as he pumped
in an out of Denise.

  "Morty, Shove my shit until it comes out my mouth," said Denise her eyes never
leaving Inez who had opened her legs wider and was working her hand up and down
over her own clit.

  "Mikey, fuck me, Mikey, fuck Fran," gasped Fran from the armchair where she
was doubled up with Mike leaning into her driving his cock into her cunt. Inez
turned and watched as Mike dumped a load of sperm into Fran's cunt. Fran sensed
Mike's orgasm and let her own overtake her as she writhed on the chair.

  Denise felt Morty go as deep as the length of his cock allowed and squirt his
semen into her bowel. Denise applied hard pressure to her own clit and climaxed
then collapsed forward and lay on the floor panting. She felt Morty's cock
soften and slowly retreat from her asshole then pop out. Then Denise felt a
trickle of fluid slowly emerge from her butt.

  "Lick it off, pretend it's a shitty dog dick," said Morty as he pushed his
shit stained cock to her lips. Denise raised herself on one arm, held Morty's
cock in one hand as she slowly and carefully licked off the long streaks of shit
on his cock. After she finished, he grabbed her head between his hands and
positioned his face directly above hers.

  "Open you dog dick sucking mouth," commanded Morty.

  Denise knew what was coming. She was totally amazed with herself. How could
she have sunk to such a state in less than a month? She knew what Morty was
going to do. Several of the bikers had done it to her yesterday when she was on
the picnic table.

  "Go ahead, give me all you got," said Denise as she opened her mouth wide.
Morty formed a large gob of spit on his lips then let it slowly fall into
Denise's open mouth. Then he repeated with an even larger gob. Denise savored
the slimy spit in her mouth and swallowed it.

  "He saw that once in a German porn film. Ever since then, he thinks spitting
in someone's mouth is a turn on," said Fran watching from the armchair. Mike was
sitting on the floor in front of her. Fran's pussy was gaped open and there was
a thin stream of cum leaking out toward her asshole. Mike's tongue was spooning
his cum out of Fran's vagina.

  "You too better get going, we'll take care of your Momma, Mike," said Fran
standing up and pulling her spandex shorts back on.

  When Denise had re-dressed and used the bathroom to clean up, she returned to
the living room to find Mike ready to leave. Denise leaned down to say goodbye
to Mrs. Perkins not expecting any response. She was surprised when Mrs. Perkins
pulled her closer and whispered.

  "He spit in my mouth too after he fucked my ass. He's a fucking creep."

  No one else noticed that Mrs. Perkins had whispered to her.

  "Your Mother became aware of what we were doing," said Denise as they were
driving to the theatre.

   "Your kidding, you mean she saw us screwing Fran and Morty," asked Mike?

   "Yes, she even reached under her blanket and masturbated while we were
servicing the Feinsteins," said Denise.

  "I'm surprised you didn't say something," said Mike.

  "Why should I? It wasn't anything she hadn't seen or done herself twenty years
ago."

  "So Mom saw me fucking Fran."

  "And Morty fucking me in the ass then spitting in my mouth. It was exactly
what he did to her twenty years ago. She and I share the same sense of
degradation and shame that comes with being under the control of Fran
Feinstein."

   "You don't seem to mind it. You cum easily enough when Morty's sixty eight
year old cock is in your ass."

  "I came even easier when I was up on a picnic table yesterday with bikers that
hadn't bathed in a month competing to see how many cocks they can get in me.
Fran told me to enjoy myself so I did. I reveled in it. After the first two or
three fucks, it became one continuous orgasm. Fran with your help took me over a
certain line between decency and perversion and I'm not sure whether I can ever
go back to the old Denise."

  I like what you are becoming. I plan for us to join a wife-swapping club. I
want to watch you with other men and women," said Mike.

"You should have seen me with the Pagans. At first, I was scared shitless but
then I just let go. Things that would have disgusted me or even turned my
stomach became hot and exciting. Greasy, unwashed hair, body odor like you get
from a street person, dirty food stained teeth, cocks covered in dried cum and
shit, it was exciting beyond anything I have ever experienced laying there
covered in sweat and cum. I started to smell just like they did. That's why I
didn't shower when I got home. I wanted to lay there and inhale my own aroma and
remember what happened."

  "I'm glad you had a good time. Fran wants us to go to an S&M party with her
and Morty. She said there would be young girls and boys here you could whip,"
said Mike.

  "I'd like that," said Denise.

  "Good, it's next month," said Mike.

 "Pagans like to spit in a girl's mouth too after they fuck her. It's a show of
how much they disrespect you as a person. And it wasn't only men; some of the
Pagan girls squatted over my face and made me stick my tongue in their cunts and
lick out the remnants of their last fifty fucks. Those girls had been there for
three days letting anybody fuck them who wanted, drinking beer, sweating in the
sun, too drunk to even wipe their ass after they took a shit and your little old
wife was right there licking the dried crud off their cunts."

 "And besides it's what Fran wants and Mike wants Denise to do what Fran wants,"
said Denise.

  "Let's not go off the deep end. You're making a bigger deal than it is. Lots
of couples do a little wife swapping, it makes for an interesting sex life,"
said Mike.

  "When you let Fran Feinstein take your wife to a kennel so she could suck one
dog's cock while another is fucking her, you're way beyond wife swapping. Wife
swapping is going to a nice party at a motel, drawing car keys out of a hat,
then going to a room for a quiet fuck with some middle aged citizen like your
husband. Fran has taken us a thousand miles beyond wife swapping."

  "But, like you just said, you're not having any trouble getting off, no matter
how low down the circumstances. You were always ready for that sort of thing.
Your true nature was hidden there right under the surface. It just took Fran to
bring it out. She brought it out of my Mom and me a long time ago. But when she
left us, we went back to our previous ways," said Mike.

  "Sometimes, I think you may be right and that scares me. But I don't certain I
can sustain this. I'm not Fran Feinstein who can fuck anybody anyplace and never
consider the consequences. I'm not that strong. In the long run, she'll either
kill me or I'll kill myself.

  "More melodrama, just keep spreading your legs when asked and quit thinking so
much. What's this movie about?" asked Mike as they pulled in the theatre parking
lot.

  "You joined us, didn't you Inez?" said Fran as she slipped her hand under
Inez's skirt to feel the wet crotch of Inez's panties.

  "She alert?' asked Morty.

  "Alert as they come. I saw her come out of it when Mike was eating me out. The
old girl watched you butt fucking Denise. She even played with herself," said
Fran.

  "You are one of Satan's own, Fran Feinstein. Sent by Lucifer to corrupt the
godly. I wish I had died before today. I thought when you moved away, my son was
saved. Now I find you have returned and regained control over him and his wife,"
said Inez.

  "Yes, I'm from Satan and you're an angel with juicy britches," said Fran as
she stuck her fingers inside the leg band of felt the slickness around Inez's
vagina.

  "Somehow I knew you'd be back," said Inez

  "Back for unfinished business. Morty is in the bathroom taking another dose of
Viagra. Tell me Inez, you want him to fuck your ass, just like in the old days;
you want to feel that cock packing your shit down while you lick Mike's cum out
of my twat. I told Mike if you became alert, we'd reminisce. I just didn't say
how. Let's get you naked, Inez. You know what's coming," said Fran as she pulled
Inez's panties off.

  Fran methodically stripped Inez. In a matter of minutes, Inez was sitting in
her wheel chair totally nude. Fran picked up Inez's legs and draped them over
the arms of the wheel chair. She then opened up Inez's cunt lips so her clitoris
and vaginal opening were clearly in view. Fran picked up a camera off a nearby
table and proceeded to take pictures.

  "Spread beaver shots, I'll post them on an Internet Web site that specialized
in 'grannies'. Lots of young guys get off looking at you motherly types and
dreaming about putting their cock in grandmother. Of course, you let your son
have a piece. You took him to bed and let him fuck you, just like some trailer
trash slut who didn't care whose cock was in her cunt as long as one was there,"
said Fran as she snapped off several dozen pictures.

  "Need a few minutes for it to take effect," said Morty coming back into the
room stroking his soft cock.

  "Relax, it's a two hour movie. I'm going to eat her first. I wonder if pussy
is like wine, gets better with age," said Fran as she knelt down between Inez's
legs and took an exploratory lick of Inez's cunt.

  "You're still juicy, you haven't dried up yet," said Fran attacking Inez's
clit with her tongue.

  "Can I have my rosary? It's in my pocket," asked Inez.

  "Sure," replied Fran as she reached into the pocket of Inez's dress and pulled
out a rosary.

  Inez began saying the rosary, whispering the words of the Apostle's Creed.
Fran tongue played across Inez's vagina. Morty sat in a chair stroking his cock.

  "I bet you cum before we get to the second ten Hail Mary's, you'll climax
right in the part that represents the second decade of Christ's life," said Fran
as she inserted a finger in Inez's cunt and found her G-spot.

  "Oh sweet Jesus, save me from Lucifer's servants and protect my son and his
wife from this daughter of Satan," said Inez feeling the intense pleasure of
Fran's finger manipulating her G-spot while Fran's tongue licked her clit.

  "Here, taste some of your juice, said Fran who straightened up and French
kissed Inez passing her saliva into Inez's mouth and swirling it around with her
tongue inside Inez's mouth.

  "Still got some cunt muscles," said Fran as she felt Inez's vaginal walls
start to react to the pleasure of Fran's finger ticking her spot. Fran went back
to working on the area around Inez's clit.

  Fran worked harder as Inez prayed faster. Inez was on the fifth Hail Mary of
the second ten when she climaxed. As Inez gasped out her orgasm finishing the
prayer, Fran joined her in repeating the final words of the Hail Mary.

   "Blessed are you among women and blessed is the fruit of your womb. Holy
Mary, mother of God, pray for us sinners now and at the hour of our death."
Repeated the two women together as Fran worked her fingers inside Inez's cunt
and Inez climaxed.

  "I like that part about the womb. Another inch or two and my fingers would
have been in yours," said Fran.

  "Religious crap, I'm ready to fuck her," said Morty seated nearby with a rock
hard cock.

  "Let's get you down on the floor, Inez. You ready for Morty to pack your shit
just like the old days. Let's see how flexible you are?" said Fran as she placed
Inez on her back and then bent her legs up and back toward her head exposing her
vagina and asshole to Morty.

  "Hershey Highway, Hershey Highway," repeated Morty as he positioned his cock
at Inez's rear entrance.

  "Lube her up with this, but fuck her pussy first," said Fran passing Morty a
tube of K-Y jelly.

  "Nice and tight, she was always tight," said Morty as he pushed his cock into
Inez's vaginal opening.

  "Oh, the pain, it hurts," gasped Inez.

  "That's what happens when you live the celibate life, there should be some
young studs working at that place, they'd keep you old whores flexible," said
Fran. Morty pounded away inside Inez's cunt for a while then began to work on
getting his cock up Inez's asshole.

  "That hurts too much, don't let him put his cock in my ass," said Inez
struggling to keep Morty's cock out of her butt hole.

  "It'll only hurt at the start, a couple of strokes and it'll be like the old
days," said Fran

"Ah, that feels good," said Morty as his cock head broke through Inez's anal
ring and moved inside her a couple of inches.

  "Oh God, sweet Jesus, I can't stand it," screamed Inez.

  "Stroke it deep, Morty, let's see how much Inez can take," said Fran

  Morty slid in as far as it would go then quickly withdrew and then dove
forward. He worked hard while Inez struggled helplessly, her legs in Fran's
powerful grasp. After a while, Inez relaxed as her rectum accepted Morty 's
cock.

  "Now, isn't that fun, getting ass fucked just like we were back at Terrace
Place," said Fran

  "Fran, smother me, I got a weak heart, put your pussy over my face, I saw what
you did to that young boy at that party you took me too. You smothered him with
your pussy. I don't want to go on living," said Inez

  "I'll pussy smother you but you're probably tougher than you think. It's full
of your son's cum, enjoy," said Fran as she moved her pussy over Inez's mouth
and nose. Morty picked up the pace and expended additional energy when he saw
what Fran was doing.

   "Snuff her, snuff her while I fuck her ass," hissed Morty.

  "If she croaks, she's liable to release her bowels and shit all over your
cock, that's happened to you before you know," said Fran

  "Sounds hot, let the dead bitch shit herself," said Morty who was really
getting excited as Inez started to struggle.

  Inez made a violent body twist to the left followed immediately by one to the
right. Then she rose up and slowly collapsed down. Morty released a load of cum
in Inez's asshole as he felt her shit flow past his cock and out her asshole.

  There was an EMT truck pulling away as Mike and Denise returned from the
movies. Fran was seated in the living room. Morty was seated nearby watching
television and drinking a beer.

  "I'm sorry Mike, but it was her heart. The EMT's couldn't revive her. They
said it was a massive MI. She went quickly, no pain."




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Harry Berg


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





