BDSM Library - A Saddle for Maria




A Saddle for Maria
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: She watched her friend, Juanita riding the torture saddle in the story 'The Electric Crab'. Now Maria Jimenez faces the same agonising impalement and the sadistic attentions of Anna Perez. The last of this quartet of linked stories.
A Saddle for Maria - Interrogation Four

Maria and Juanita have been arrested and tortured by the sinister Colonel Marcos
and his assistant Lieutenant Anna Perez. Juanita has been taken back to a cell
after her second session and now it is Maria's turn again...

The colonel was smiling as he strode into the interrogation room. For those in
the cells along the corridor, Colonel Marco's good humour was something to be
avoided at all costs, especially for any attractive young woman unfortunate
enough to require his particular attentions. Maria Jimenez had already
experienced one session in the chamber. The colonel had made sure that she had
seen her friend, Juanita Gonzales, moaning and whimpering as she was carried
back to a cell following her second session in the chamber. Now, the colonel,
and his trusted lieutenant, Anna Perez, were ready to begin Maria's
interrogation once more.

As usual, most of the of the white tiled chamber was shrouded in darkness, a
darkness made more intense by the glaring pool of light thrown on the middle of
the rough concrete floor by the spotlights angled down from the arched ceiling.
Just as he had ordered, the equipment was ready.

The torture saddle stood waiting under the hot lights.  Mounted on a three-foot
high chrome tube anchored into the floor, its front edge was cut away in a deep
V. The leather was stained and marked, still damp from earlier use. At the point
of the V a small fitting was let into the leather seat, a socket designed to
hold a range of unpleasant devices... it was empty...for the moment.

Lieutenant Anna Perez, his slim and dark-haired lieutenant with a hint of
cruelty in her fine cheekbones and black eyes, emerged from the darkness holding
a slim cylinder in her hands. She looked across at the colonel, 'Ready, sir.'

Colonel Marcos nodded and sat down at a table placed just in the shadows. He
picked up the phone. 'Jose, we're ready to begin. Bring Miss Jimenez in; we'll
leave the other one until later on.' The phone clicked back onto its rest. 'What
are you going to use on the saddle for our reluctant Maria, lieutenant... the
same one as we tried on her little friend yesterday?'

Lieutenant Perez held up the curved cylindrical shape she was holding. 'I
thought this would be better, colonel, especially if I use the crab on her later
on.' She handed the dildo to the colonel who examined it carefully. Only about
eight inches long, it was thinner than many of the ones they normally used, but
the curving shaft was covered with very fine, stiff bristles. Even the bulbous
head was covered with the hair-like spines. The colonel circled his thumb and
forefinger round the shaft then moved the dildo slowly up and down, watching the
way the hairs bent, feeling each one teasing and tickling, as they passed
through the circle of his fingers. He grinned in understanding when he felt the
sudden sharp prickling as each hair dug into his skin every time the shaft
changed direction.

'She won't want to move and she won't be able to keep still either... After what
you did to her insides with the oil and sand she'll squeal like a pig. Very
good, Lieutenant Perez, very good...' He laughed as he handed back the cruel
implement so Anna Perez could lock it into place, leaving it jutting up from the
saddle in a parody of male erection.

She had just finished as Jose and another guard led Maria back into the torture
chamber. Held by the arms and totally naked she stood shivering and trembling in
the harsh glare, trying hard not to look at the saddle that she could see was
waiting for her.

'So Maria, as I promised it's time for you to have another lesson with
Lieutenant Perez here.' The colonel's voice was soft, drifting out of the
darkness as he lounged back, studying the beautifully shaped body of the young
student. She had obviously been allowed to clean herself up and it was only the
swollen redness of her sex lips, and the raised welts ringing each wrist and
ankle that hinted at the torture she'd experienced just a few hours before. 'You
know what I want... the names of your cousin's rebel friends.' He paused,
enjoying the moment. 'Of course, I would normally ask her personally... but it
seems she is away at present. Such a pity... for you, I mean... so
uncomfortable, unless...'

'You monster, I told you what I knew last time and you didn't believe me. I tell
you... I DON'T KNOW ANYTHING!'

Maria screamed into the darkness. The colonel sat back, enjoying the sight of
the naked nineteen year old threshing and raging in the grip of the guards for a
few moments, and then he leaned forwards.

'Oh dear, poor Maria...what a shame for you that I just don't believe you,' his
voice hardened. 'We're wasting time... Jose, please prepare Miss Jimenez for her
riding lesson.' The guards had been waiting eagerly for the command. Maria's
wrists were forced back and tied behind her, and then the sergeant took his time
strapping her elbows together, tightening each buckle in turn to force her
shoulders back so that her breasts jutted out and up as though she was somehow
offering herself to her torturers. 

Maria, struggling against the pain of the straps, screamed aloud as Anna Perez
appeared in the light. Her head shook frantically in remembered agony as the
lieutenant reached out to finger the young Brazilian's helplessly outthrust
nipples. As intended, the distraction allowed the two guards to finish buckling
the ankle straps and attaching the two ropes that led away into the darkness.

'Now it's your chance to try the ride we gave your friend Juanita yesterday.
Remember, you were watching... or perhaps you thought I'd forgotten my little
saddle?' whispered the lieutenant; her fingers still busy playing with Maria's
tits. 'Since you won't help the colonel... I'm afraid I must jog your memory...
Come along now, round the back.' Pulling her by her nipples, she manoeuvred the
shivering girl until she was standing behind the saddle. 'Go on, forward, legs
apart, go on, go on... there that's better.'

Maria was forced to shuffle forwards, reluctantly spreading her knees as she was
positioned over the saddle. She shuddered uncontrollably as she felt the fine
bristles on the dildo's crest scraping and scratching against the scorched lips
of her cunt and the tender inner skin of her thighs.

'Oh God, no, I can't, not, please don't make me, please...'

From his hidden vantage point, the colonel could see that the nineteen year old
was actually standing on tiptoe to keep her genitals away from the devilish
shaft scratching between her legs. He smiled, knowing that lieutenant Perez was
keeping the girl poised deliberately, waiting for the telltale quivering in
Maria's calves to tell her that exhaustion and pain were really setting in. He
settled back, enjoying the spectacle as the girl fought the inevitable fatigue
that would soon force her down off her toes... lowering her body to begin the
agony of riding the cruel, spiny dildo all by herself.   

Anna Perez let go of Maria's swollen teats and stroked her tear-stained cheek.
'Now you have a choice to make... will it be front or back? Oh don't worry...
that little brush you are avoiding so carefully is going all the way up inside
you, whatever you do... but which way?' She waited, enjoying the panic and
despair as she forced the young student to choose where they would begin the
torture. Of course they would eventually make her ride the dildo the other way
as well, whatever she said... but offering the choice provided such a delicious
beginning to the session.

'I can't... won't... Oh God no, you can't make me sit on that, I'll scream.
Please, I've told you I don't know anything. Please, pleeeease!'

Maria Jimenez jerked and trembled as her leg muscles began to cramp, her heels
dropping so she suddenly felt the dildo's crest scratching inside her labia as
the bulb parted the fleshy lips and nudged against the entrance of her body.

'Of course you'll scream, that's one of the things we're here to make you
do...remember? So, no more fuss, I just want you to choose... front or back for
this little rod?' The lieutenant reached down and wriggled the flexible shaft.
It was only a gentle movement but Maria screamed once more as the fine hairs
raked along her slit. 'Oh dear, still nothing but silly noises... I'll choose
for you then, shall I? I think we'll start here, at the front.'

She paused, 'Such a pity for you that after yesterday you're really going to
feel this... all the way up.' She looked across to the sergeant.  'All right,
gently now...' In the darkness, Jose began pulling on the two ropes attached to
Maria's ankle cuffs. They had been led out through opposite ringbolts on the
edge of the lighted area before being taken back to a fixing behind the saddle.

'Ah, no, please, what's happening, no, no, please...' Maria wailed in panic as
she felt the first tug on her ankles. Instinctively she shuffled her feet,
trying to keep up on tiptoe. Each time she lifted one foot, the remorseless pull
of the rope pulled her stance wider and wider, forcing her body down onto the
saddle and the waiting dildo.

The nineteen year old was gobbling and panting frantically as the slow
impalement continued, small screams and gasps of pain accompanying each new
movement down the shaft. Suddenly, she squealed wildly, every muscle tensed and
her eyes stared up blindly into the blazing lights. Lieutenant Perez and the
colonel smiled at each other; they'd seen the sudden jolting spasm of the young
student's body; both knew the shrill cry of agony signalled that the bulbous
head of the dildo had suddenly popped through the ring of muscle at the entrance
to their victim's vagina and was now fully embedded in the tender inside flesh
of her body.

'Hold it there a moment, sergeant,' the colonel called quietly. 'Let's deal with
her arms... don't want her falling over in the next bit.' Maria screamed again
as her bound arms were lifted up until the wrist tie could be slipped over the
hook on the end of a ceiling rope. 'That's fine, it'll be tight enough once we
get her legs in position,' the colonel ordered. The remorseless pull on her
ankles was resumed and Maria's legs were dragged steadily further and further
apart.

Finally one long, loud wail of agony sliced through the hot, sticky air of the
chamber. 'NOOOOOOOOOO!' Maria Jimenez's exhausted leg muscles gave way and she
slipped down the last couple of inches, impaling herself fully on the devilish
shaft. Just like her friend, Juanita, only hours before, Maria was now squatting
on the wet, stained leather of the saddle. Her legs were straddled wide, each
ankle lashed to a steel ringbolt with only her toes and the balls of her feet in
contact with the rough concrete floor. Between Maria's spread thighs, the plump,
split purse of her sex thrust forwards, open and fully exposed by the cutaway
front of the saddle.

The upper part of the young Brazilian's body was curved forwards, held there by
the tension of the rope that lifted her bound arms up and away from her back.
Thrust out obscenely by the bondage of her upper arms, Maria Jimenez's breasts
hung free, swaying slightly as she twitched and writhed on the torturing shaft
inside her.

'So, now Maria, you are all ready for us once again. How do you find our little
obedience saddle, a stimulating ride, yes?' The colonel's voice drifted out of
the wall of darkness beyond the lights. Maria twitched in her bonds in a futile
attempt to see beyond the glare. 'Now for your lesson, something simple to start
with, I think... Lieutenant, show Maria the rattan and tell her how you are
going to apply it to her delightfully presented flesh. Unless that is, you have
something you wish to tell me first, Miss Jimenez?'

Anna Perez stopped the resulting torrent of frantic protests by placing her
finger across Maria's lips. 'Shhh, you know that's not what the colonel wanted.
Names, Maria, the names of your cousin's friends... that's all.' She smiled as
she watched Maria's mouth set in a stubborn line. 'Oh dear, bad choice I'm
afraid. Now, the colonel has asked me to show you this.' Anna watched the girl's
eyes widen in disbelief as she saw the sinister, yellow cane in the Lieutenant's
hands. Maria gazed in horror at the prominent ridges ringing the shaft at
intervals and the way it flexed and curved so easily.

'This is my 'persuader', Maria. It gives lessons to stubborn little girls...'
the lieutenant whispered, leaning close to Maria's ear. 'Sometimes here...' the
cane caressed the taut curves of Maria's buttocks where they bulged out over the
tiny saddle. The cane moved again, 'and sometimes here...' the yellow rod
caressed the young student's dangling breasts. The Lieutenant brought a low,
hopeless wail of anguish from Maria as she sawed the shaft slowly back and
forwards, making the ridges bobble against the girl's nipples so that she jerked
and twisted in anticipation of the agony to come.  

'Just to warm you up I'll start with this delightful bottom you are pushing out
so invitingly.' The Lieutenant took her position and swung the rattan in a flat,
hissing arc.

'Whap!'

The sharp, flat sound echoed in the chamber as the impact jolted Maria forwards.
A single, white stripe appeared on the olive skin, a stripe that quickly
deepened to a deep, red weal as Maria arched up in sheer agony.

'Arrrrgh, ah, ah, ah, nooooooo, please no, no!'

Too late, Maria Jimenez realised that the colonel and his lieutenant were real
experts in self-inflicted agony. She was not stretched out quite to her limit
because they had ensured that Jose had tied off the ankle ropes while her legs
were still slightly bent so, with an enormous effort, Maria was still able to
lift herself about four inches off the narrow saddle for a few moments until the
strain became too much and she was forced to squat down once more. 
Diabolically, four inches was more than enough to ensure that the fine hairs on
the buried dildo worked to their maximum, scouring and tickling the tissues of
her cunt to build up a quite unbearable mixture of stimulation and pain inside
her body. 

Maria not only felt the agony of that blazing stroke of the rattan but also the
dreadful internal scratching as it forced her up onto her toes. Then, as she
slumped back down, the dildo's torturing hairs suddenly changed direction,
pricking and raking into the tender tissues and making the young Brazilian gasp
and pant with pain. The Lieutenant, familiar with the dildo's effects, waited
until she was fully seated once more before sending the second stroke to blaze a
fiery line parallel with the first.

'Whap!'

Maria, unable to help herself, once more arched up onto her toes, head tilted
back as she screamed her anguish to the ceiling. This time, another, shorter
cry, overlaid by the ragged, gasping breathing, told the watchers that she had
once more slid down on the diabolical shaft that impaled her.

'I'll tell you anything, anything at all...' Maria screamed out towards the
colonel. 'Don't you understand I don't know who they are... I DON'T KNOW! You've
got to stop, please, that thing, I can't bear it, I'll go m-m-m-mad, please...'

'Such a pity... All this and for nothing, but, now we've got you in position we
might as well go on...  Lieutenant.' For a moment, Maria didn't understand what
had been said. It was the slicing agony of the next stroke and her jerking ride
up and down the flaying bristles that told her the worst. The colonel was intent
on torturing her to the very limits of her body, regardless of what she might
say.

'Whap!    Whap!     Whap!    Whap!'

The lieutenant's arm swung with a cruel, regular rhythm, the cane biting
viciously into the young student's naked buttocks with each stroke. The hot kiss
of the rattan was agonising, each stroke bringing another gasp of pain and
another burning red weal across the smooth copper cheeks that were forced out
and parted so invitingly by the devilish design of the saddle.

Each stroke also forced Maria Jimenez to add to her own torture. Every arching
convulsion lifted her up and down on the bristles of the dildo that impaled her.
The double agony was quite deliberate. After many similar sessions, both
Lieutenant Perez and the colonel knew that quite soon, Maria would force herself
to a screaming pain-wracked orgasm as the vicious internal stimulation became
too much to bear. Lieutenant Perez, sweating with the effort of wielding the
whippy rattan, shivered in delicious excitement. Once that happened, she knew
from experience that the girl could be made to ride the exquisite cycle of pain
and pleasure repeatedly until she simply collapsed from exhaustion.  

'Oh Christ no more, for God's sake, please no more, n-n-n-oo m-m-m-more. Oh help
me. PLEEEESE!' Maria screamed as the first beads of blood flicked away from the
criss-cross welts covering her bottom.

Then, slowly, the sounds changed.

'Ah, no, oh no, no, I won't Aaaah, Ah yes, YES YESSS, Oh, oh, oh, M-more, y-yes,
yes, YES... Aaaahhh!' Lost in her world of pain and horror, Maria Jimenez
couldn't help, or control, the orgasm that now surged through her body. Jerking
like a puppet on the sweat-soaked leather of the torture saddle, she was
suddenly intent on forcing the flaying bristles deeper into her cunt, heedless
of the pain to come.

Lieutenant Perez let the tip of the rattan rest on the floor as she watched the
spasms wracking the pinioned girl. She waited until Maria's head drooped and her
body slumped against her bonds. There was a long pause. 'Did you enjoy that
Maria? Yes? Shall we start all over again?' The rattan lifted until the yellow
shaft was tapping the very tips of the girl's dangling breasts. 'Time to warm
these up a little, don't you think?

'Oh no, no NO... you can't, you're a woman too, you wouldn't dare, you wouldn't,
please no, no...'

'Oh Maria, don't be silly, of course I can... besides, being a woman I know
exactly which bits to tickle hardest... like these pretty peaks for instance...
to let you really enjoy the full effect... isn't that lucky?' She turned to the
sergeant. 'Jose, would you move the arm rope up under her shoulders, above the
elbow tie please. I'd like Miss Jimenez to be sitting up properly for this next
bit...'

Despite her sobs, Maria found herself repositioned quickly, the ceiling rope now
looped round her upper arms so that she was posed almost upright on the saddle.
With the elbow tie forcing her shoulders together it looked just as though she
was deliberately holding out the large firm cones of her breasts ready for the
blazing kiss of the rattan.

Colonel Marcos spoke, a hint of a chuckle in his quiet voice. 'Now my dear, this
is just where Lieutenant Perez is so good. It's no good trying to turn... she's
going to beat your nipples now, not hard, just a steady smacking.' He laughed at
the look of relief on Maria Jimenez's face. 'Oh don't thank me... I assure you
in five minutes you'll be pleading for her to do anything but tap them any more.
If you don't believe me, just wait...'

Whilst the colonel taunted Maria, Anna Perez was stroking the cane to and fro
across the thick stubs of the nineteen year old's nipples again, enjoying the
sight of each ridge bouncing across the dark brown peaks in turn. The stroking
was quite deliberate, bringing the two nubs to stiff attention despite the
girl's obvious efforts to avoid showing any reaction to the tormenting caress.

Seeing the colonel's nod, the lieutenant started tapping the rigid tips with the
cane. Just as the colonel said, she was using the rattan almost delicately,
letting the flexible rod swing under its own weight to cut exactly across the
tender tip each time. By the tenth stroke, Maria was grunting and wincing with
each fresh blow, realising, much too late, how the agony was going to build up
as the nerve ends reacted to the relentless beat of the cane.

'Ah, oh no, please...'

The first breathless plea broke the silence as the count passed twenty-five.
Both Anna Perez and Colonel Marcos knew she would be screaming for them to stop
long before Anna Perez reached fifty strokes. Not only that, but as one oft the
first effects of the remorseless torture was to make the peaks of the girl's
breasts, especially the nipples themselves, swell up, every new stroke just
increased the pain and agony unbearably.

'STOP! STOP! Please, please stop, pleas.... AAAAAHHH!'

As the screams rang out, Anna Perez could see the thick, red swollen teats
denting and flexing with each new blow. For Maria the pain was so great she
couldn't stay still on the saddle and she was once more working the dreadful
bristles of the dildo against the flayed inner flesh of her cunt.


'AAAARRRRGGGGHHH! Noooooo!' She wailed, flailing her head and jerking up and
down; trying anything at all to move her breasts away from the biting thud of
the cane on her nipples. Then, just as Anna Perez expected, the sounds began to
change once more as the pain in Maria's breasts, and the exquisite torment of
the bristles moving within Maria's body began to drive her to yet another
unwelcome climax.

'Oh, God, oh no, nooo, I c-c-can't please I d-d-don't... 'I'm coming, yes... yes
YESSSSS, NUH... NUH! Naaah... y-y-yeees... YES! Nuh... nuh... uh... NUH, NUH,
NAAAH!'

Guided by the sounds of Maria's orgasm, the lieutenant kept the rhythm of the
rattan going so that the beating forced the girl on to a second and third peak
until she was literally screaming for mercy as the dildo ripped climax after
climax from her raw flesh. At long last Anna Perez let the rattan fall to the
floor and allowed Maria to sag, barely conscious against the shoulder ropes. 

The colonel smiled, steepling his fingers and enjoying the sight of the panting
girl still strutted on the torture saddle in front of him. He knew quite well
that Maria had nothing worthwhile to tell them, but since they still had her
strapped down, the lieutenant might as well tickle her cunt with the crab. Using
electricity always gave him an erection... especially when the subject was as
young and pretty as this one.  

'Lieutenant Perez...,' Colonel Marcos called softly to his assistant. 'Once you
have caught your breath, I think Maria there should at least taste the bite of
our electric crab. As you suspected, she knows nothing of importance but... you
never know and it should be entertaining at least.

'Of course, Colonel, two minutes to get the trolley ready. I thought one clip on
her anus and the other on the clit... the brush can stay up her... it'll add to
the effect.' Colonel Marcos nodded, leaning back in his chair as he studied the
red, swollen tips of Maria's breasts as they jiggled and swayed as the young
student tried to bring her harsh panting breaths under control. He smiled even
more broadly as her watched her efforts at recovery... so stupid, so futile.
After all, the things Lieutenant Perez was about to do to the young student were
going to have her screaming insanely once again in about two minutes time. Maria
looked up and her face contorted with terror as she saw the little controller,
the wires and the bright, steel clips.

'No, NO! NO you can't. No please. Not that, you can't I don't know anything, no
please, not my breasts again... they're so sore, please, please...'

'Now, there's no point in fussing and shouting, Maria, the colonel just wants to
check all the things you've said to us are really true.' Anna Perez held up the
first crocodile clip by the fine red wire. 'Do you really not want it here?' She
let the dangling clip bounce against the hot swollen peak of Maria's left
breast.

'Aaaah! N-no, please no, not there...' Then, Maria realised the trap she'd
fallen into as the lieutenant gently caressed the soft purse of her cunt where
it jutted into thin air between her splayed thighs. 'OH GOD, NO, NO YOU
CAN'T...!

Craning her neck round, Maria gasped in horror as the woman's fingers spread her
buttocks and she felt the steel jaws nuzzling the crinkled ring of her anus. She
arched and hissed in agony at the sudden bite of the teeth closing on her most
delicate flesh. She jerked against her bonds even more violently as she bent
forward to watch the lieutenant's fingers parting the soft petals of her cunt...
and one knowing fingertip feathered the nub of her clitoris into full erection.
Her breath rasped in the silence as the lieutenant positioned the second clip
and then...
 
'Arrrgggh! Ah, no, oh please, that hurts, p-p-p-please...'

The cries were ripped from her throat as Maria felt the burning pain of the
little steel teeth biting hard into the most delicate place on her body.
Lieutenant Perez fondled the plump lips for a few moments more, deliberately
joggling the clips so that Maria winced and gasped as the teeth pulled and
jabbed into her. 'So sensible to save your strength, little one... Now, if
you're ready for me...'

She stood up and picked up the small black box. In the darkness on of the guards
flicked a switch and Maria heard the soft, ominous humming of the transformer.
It was the same evil sound she'd heard when this woman had been torturing
Juanita. She breathed faster, shallow, hard breaths as she tensed her muscles,
trying to brace herself against the first shock of the current...

'NNNNNNNGGGGIIIIIIIYYYHHH!'

Maria Jimenez curved up off the saddle in an agonising bow as her muscles locked
rigid at the shock. Eyes bulging and her mouth gaping in an O of agony she
lifted on her toes so that both the colonel and the lieutenant could clearly see
half the impaling dildo between her quivering thighs. After ten seconds the
lieutenant's thumb lifted off the button and the young student thudded back onto
the saddle, the breath rasping in her throat.

'Aaaah! Oh, God, Oh God, M-m-mercy, P-please. Nooooo!'

'Silly girl, that was just to let you understand what the little crabs can do.
Now, can you remember any other names for the colonel...?' Anna Perez watched
the desperate head shaking as she listened to the jumble of pleading noises. 'Oh
dear, still wrong, I'm afraid...' Maria just had time to realise the meaning of
her words when the lieutenant's thumb pressed the red button once more.

'N-N-N-N-N-NNNAAAARRRRRRGGGHHHH!'

Again, every sinew of the girl's slim figure showed like wire cables as she
arched backwards as the current fizzed and burned through the nerves of her
cunt. This time the lieutenant flicked her thumb on and off the controller so
that the girl jerked and danced like some demented puppet on the raking bristles
inside her body.

Five more times the lieutenant let the girl rest before sending the current
surging through her clit once more. The screams broke, becoming gasping
breathless sounds as her voice gave way under the strain. Finally, Maria Jimenez
slumped forward, hanging unconscious against her bonds. Lieutenant Perez
unclipped the connections and replaced the controller on the little table,
signalling to Jose in the darkness to turn off the transformer.

'Just as you said, Colonel, nothing more from this one, perha...' The soft buzz
of a telephone interrupted her. Colonel Marcos picked up the receiver and
listened for a few moments.

'You have her safe? Excellent...I see, and the woman she was hiding with as
well. My congratulations, sergeant... No, do nothing at all, just bring them
here at once. Lieutenant Perez and I will be waiting.' He put the phone down and
thought for a moment.

'Lieutenant, it appears we have some new clients. It seems that an American lady
who has been working at the university has been hiding Maria's cousin in her
flat. They'll be here in a couple of hours.' He turned to where the guards were
still enjoying Maria's discomfort. 'Jose, get that one off the saddle and back
to the cells, then clear up in here. The Lieutenant and I are taking a break.
We'll decide what to use on them when they get here, clear?

Jose looked at Maria eagerly, 'yes Sir, quite clear.' Together they left the
chamber. Behind them, the two guards started unstrapping the girl from the
torture saddle...
Cortez	A Saddle for Maria	1




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Cortez


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





