BDSM Library - Grey Training




Grey Training
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Archeologists have discovered the paper referred to by Drandar the White.  This account details the training of a Wild Talent by the esteemed Gabriella the Grey at the Abbey of Neversin.
Grey Training


The Training and Education of a Wild Talent at the Abby of Neversin by Gabriella
the Grey.

The training received by females of the Grey order at the hands of the nuns and
clerics of the Abby of Neversin is one of the most demanding of all the schools
of Arcane Arts for the simple reason that the Grey Arts are the most powerful
forces known in our world.  The Wizardry of the Whites is slowly fading and
their own reluctance to freely use their own magic limits their abilities.  They
do not admit this and continue to dwell on the Old Way and other limitations and
repression of powers.  White Wizardesses are still bound to their Wizards and
their Unicorn, never free to build upon their own store of knowledge.  Dark
Servants are bound even more, but instead of being bound by their own efforts as
the White Order is, they are bound by the limits of pain and evil. Only the Grey
Practitioners are free of those chains though we who are the Grey Practitioners
do pay a much higher price in training.  For a young woman that is considering a
vocation in the Arcane Arts, a place with the Grey Practitioners should be
carefully considered as it is not lightly undertaken.

The Neversin Abby will train females of any age until they must choose a
particular school of the Arcane Arts.  Once that choice has been made, only
those dedicating themselves to the Grey Practitioners may remain at the Abby.

As soon as a female is brought to the Abby, her life is under the control of the
nuns and clerics in all things until such time as she can demonstrate complete
mastery of her own energy and compulsions.  She will be ritually cleaned and
scrubbed of outside contaminants, set upon a course of fasting and internal
cleansing.  The female student will be tested by members of the Order to
determine her suitability for various vocations before being given a place with
the other students.  The tests take more than a week to complete but provide
comprehensive information to the Order so that a specific course of study can be
created that will focus on the student's strengths and shore up any weakness,
most especially in character.  Much that is taught in the early years at the
Abby focuses on the building of character.

This testing process is something no student ever wishes to do again, it is that
difficult.  But it is quite accurate and has benefited even the most beleaguered
student.

I am dedicating this writing to a particularly difficult endeavor, the training
of a Wild Talent.  I have found no records of such a feat recorded for posterity
and this was a most illuminating situation that provoked much speculation and
unrest among all the orders.  This tale chronicles the training of a female from
one of the outer provinces who was tested to have a high level of talent though
was completely lacking in any education of the Arcane Arts even at her advanced
age.  She came to the Abby much later than most other students though before
Menses.

Kat, as she came to be called, arrived one wet day near the end of spring.  She
had been scouted by a White Wizard named Drandar who was unfamiliar to me.  He
had found her to be unsuitable for the White School of the Arcane Arts and so he
brought her to us.  The Wizard had ascertained that her talents were quite
powerful but that she was not of the temperament to submit the will of any man
or beast as is required by the White School.  These writings reflect my own
remembrances of the time as they occurred.  In retrospect, the training was
challenging and often I understood only later how it had progressed to a certain
point so this can not be a linear and scientific narrative, but rather a more
flowing description for the ease of understanding and writing.

I, and the head of the Order at the time, Renzik, took charge of Kat as our sole
student that year as the circumstances were challenging.  If Kat could not learn
the principles of the arcane arts by ways of the Grey Practitioners, she would
become a great danger to both herself and to others.  Once down that path, the
choice would have been a terrible one - destroying her capacity for wielding the
arcane powers.

Renzik and I took Kat to the private annex for her cleaning and evaluation.  We
both deemed it necessary to keep her apart from other students until we got to
know her abilities and level of control.  We removed the rags she was wearing
and were surprised that she was actually not the starved waif she appeared to
be.  As is usual with Wild Talents, she had underdeveloped breasts and no body
hair of any kind.  With some care and treatment, her breasts would grow though
she would never have body hair.

She displayed no shyness which was a positive sign.  Modesty has no place in the
Arcane Arts and it would have been difficult to add that to her already full
regimen of training.  She was cleaned inside and out, seeming to enjoy the
process, the copious amounts of hot water and sweetly scented soap.

Renzik then performed the first examination while I observed.

The first examination a student undergoes is strictly a physical examination
though it often reveals character traits as well.  This is why there are always
two of the order present at these examinations.

We set up the dampening chamber and extra spells to prevent any stray magic from
escaping to do any damage.  One of the major differences between the
practitioners of the Grey School and the White is that we use the Arcane Arts
quite liberally and have access to a wider array of spells than either the White
or the Black Schools.  Those of the White School believe that the White Arts
should be used sparingly, that the powers be held sacred.  We have learned
otherwise, though everything comes with a price.  Grey Practitioners wield magic
of both the White and the Black schools for what is Grey other than a blending
of both Black and White?

It was in our own best interest to protect both ourselves, Kat, and others in
the Abby and so created a rather elaborate testing chamber as we wanted to do it
all at once so that training could begin before any mishap occurred.

Renzik set up the testing pod and bid Kat to enter it.  The testing pod would
hold Kat comfortably while her body was examined by a series of spells that
would tell us of her health, exact age and maturation.  It would also test
reflexes, aversions to sensation, pleasurable sensations, energy stores, body
chemistry and more.

Kat hesitated but went willingly into the pod, marveling at the soft feel of the
substance and it's caressing nature.  The pod slowly enveloped her so that she
would be unable to move. Almost immediately the dampers caught a stray arc of
wild energy that Kat had subconsciously generated when she was restrained. 
Renzik assured her the pod would not injure her but only restrain her for her
own safety.  She reluctantly relaxed into the soft restraints and the arcing
soon dimmed.

The texture of the pod is nearly fluid, though contained by the forces of a
spell.  It is able to enter any body cavity so that spells may be directed where
needed.  The pod is quite warm, inducing a sense of lethargy for the person
residing in it.  Kat soon relaxed and the pod began the work of gathering
information.  Occasional flashes of energy danced around the chamber as Kat felt
violations that engaged her subconscious to react with wild forces. 

As the spells gave up their information, Renzik noted the results.

"Age consistent with her information.  Overall health excellent.  Muscle tone,
excellent.  Scarring, significant in several areas.  Maturation retarded within
parameters for Wild Talents.  Pain threshold, extraordinarily high.  Pleasure
range outside normal parameters.  Primal forces off the scale.  Self restraint,
well below average.  Sexual experience, none.  Diseases, none.  Reflexes, above
average.  Sight, average.  Smell, acute. Touch, sensitive.  Hearing, acute. 
Flexibility, above average.  Energy, extraordinarily high.  Internal structures
within parameters.  External structure within parameters.  Head structure,
normal and the list continued for quite some time.

Renzik then set the pod for the next series of tests that would delve deeply
into her psyche.  This was critical and would measure every emission of brain
energy as well as rate the strength of any subconscious magical discharges as
her mind was led through simulated experiences designed to ferret out her
deepest, most private emotional responses.

The dampeners sizzled and arced as Kat was led through the simulation that would
provoke every testable reaction buried inside her mind.  It had been a wise
choice to add extra spells as the dampeners themselves would have been unable to
contain the wild forces Kat invoked unknowingly.

I recalled my own days of testing as a youth and shuddered for Kat.  It is the
most intrusive experience, though that is not evident at the time. I recall my
own feelings of betrayal when it became clear to me that my own superiors knew
more of the workings of my mind than I myself did.  It is an incredible
violation and Kat would not be aware of it for quite some time.

I hoped we could contain her reactions when it did become clear to her.

Kat had a lovely body though it look hard used.  She had scarring everywhere, as
if from knife wounds.  Most were on her inner arms and inner thighs though I
also noted that there was a concentration of them on her mons, buttocks and even
her small breasts and nipples.  Had she done that herself?  Or had someone else
inflicted them?  If so, it indicated that some training in the Arcane Arts had
occurred.  We would have to wait to find out. While the test is intrusive, it is
incapable of reading actual memories, only correlating reactions and feelings of
pleasure, shame, pain, anger, sadness to different situations presented to her
mind.

I watched carefully and knew that Kat would be one incredible project.  Her
power was on par with my own, but her lack of early training and discipline made
her incredibly dangerous, perhaps even more dangerous than I was in my day.  I
could see Renzik already working calculations and preparing several more spells. 
I nodded and began to assist him.

I felt my heart thud when he caught my eye and without having to speak, I knew
what he wanted to attempt with Kat and I had no choice but to agree.

There is a spell available only to the Grey Practitioners that will allow a
melding of minds for a short time.  The spell enables one person to literally be
inside another person's mind, feel their feelings, sense their thoughts.  It is
dangerous and frightening, but perhaps justified in this case.  The person
traveling to another mind loses all track of self, of time, of everything but
being as that other person is.  In effect, I would temporarily cease to be
Gabriella, and would in fact BE Kat within the knowledge of my own mind.  The
parameters of the spell and Renzik would be my only lifelines.  If the spell was
corrupted by some random discharge of energy and Renzik did not catch it, I
would be forever lost.

There have been devastating results in the use of the spell in the past, it
carries great risk. My only comfort was that we were in a protected chamber, in
a benign setting.

Renzik prepared a pod for my use and I quickly stripped my robes and settled
myself inside, almost welcoming the intrusive feel of the liquid but firm
substance that would envelope me completely, intruding into spaces that normally
would be my own.  Because Renzik would want to read all the sensations I was
experiencing from Kat, I knew that the pod would invade every orifice quite
deeply and uncomfortably.  I couldn't help but groan as my openings were
stretched wide, wider than they had ever been before.  Was this what Kat was
feeling already?

I was stunned by the incredibly powerful sensations that seemed to overwhelm me
all at once.  Know this however, at the actual time I was experiencing these
events, I had no knowledge of myself.  It is only when I returned to my actual
self that I understood it was all Kat's memories and feelings I was immersed in
and it is told from two points of view .. raw reactions of Kat and of course, my
own understanding of the events she experienced then.  I am grateful that Grey
Practitioners have use of the Journal and Recording spell or I would have been
unable to make this writing as complete as it is.  I doubt my own memory would
have sufficed to describe some of the unusual events I experienced during this
time and I would surely not have had the time to sit down and take quill to
parchment to finish this narrative.

My body felt afire, my skin seething, my throat thick and swollen.  Everything
in my field of vision was so crisp, so clear, almost unreal.  Blue robe.  Musk. 
Huge manthing plunging into my mouth, beating the back of my throat until I
could no longer breath.  Seeing stars.  Blackness and haze.  A blue robe.  The
manthing hard in my mouth, big.  Banging against my throat again, pushing deeper
as I gagged and gagged, so hard my lower body convulsed off the table ... then
... feeling drifty and floaty.  Yes, more, harder .. into my throat .. yes, take
me, take me!  Deep, deeper ... tasting ... push .... Hands between my legs,
pressing, tickling ... I spread my legs wider. Yes .. yes .. more.  Something
warm and soft between my legs.  Licking, tickling .. feeling tingly pressure
inside between my legs.  Arching my back to open my legs more.  Wanting more of
that, soft gentle warm wet tickling and ... tingling.  Building deep inside. 
Man still plunging his manthing deep .. yes, more .. more ... sharp cuts!  Pain
... tingling .. pain ... more pain .. oh oh too much ... tingling ... tickling
pain ... blood .. everywhere ... sharp good cuts ... oh feels so good ... throat
tight with man in it .. yes, push .. push ... harder .. all of it .. fill me ..
fill me .. tingling awful points of pain and blood .. yes .. yes .. don't stop.

Blue robe standing over me, smiling man face.  Gentle.  Kissing nipples and
licking up the blood of all the cuts.  Moving over my body, soft and gentle,
kissing and licking, between my legs still feeling full and tingly and sensitive
and tickly .. so weird like when I touch myself but much, much better. 
Shouldn't touch myself ... Nona says it's evil .. but it feels so good.  She
says only whores touch there .. and men take whores and do evil things ... I'm a
whore ... it feels so good.  Blue robe's man thing in my mouth.  I want it
again.  I want to ask for it, to feel it again, stretching my throat wide, so
deep into me .. inside me.  Blue robe kisses between my legs... licks up the
blood there and kisses again.  Feels good ...

"Good girl, you did a very good job.  Now it's time to keep your promise and
help make some magic.  This will not be as nice as what just happened, but
important for my kind of magic and will make you very strong later.  We need
more of the Blue School."  Blue robe said softly.

I nodded, I want to help.  "I'll help ... "  hard to speak with throat hurting. 
"I like to help. I like your man thing and the tickly tingly feeling between my
legs ... Nona says girls that like it are whores.  Am I a whore now?"

Blue robe smiled, "No, you are a brave and very smart girl that will begin an
entirely new school of magic.  It is normal to feel good between your legs and
to be happy when a man puts his man thing .. which is really called a cock
deeply into your mouth .. .and other places soon."

"Cock is a man thing.  That's good to know ... " 

"Okay then, let's get you ready."

Whoosy feeling.  Want to laugh, feel silly ... like Blue robe touching me all
over ... big fingers, warm hands, dark red man thing .. cock .. dark, big cock. 
Want to spread open and let Blue robe have all of me, inside and outside and
inside out.  Hands, mouth .. man thing cock ... pressing .. fingers pressing on
my bottom.  Yes ... yes ... that feels good.  Oh Pain!  Owwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww ....
Breath .. breath ... sharp pain, tears hot, eyes burning pain.

Soft warm licking between my legs .. burning sharp pain in my bottom ...
together and separate ... building inside, deep heavy tingling inside deep ...
blood tingling inside tickly ... buzzing and humming inside my body ... tingling
... weird tickly ... pain ... more pain ... something inside my bottom ..
pushing ... want to open my legs more and can't .. want to open up my whole
bottom and can't ... please please .. man thing cock in my mouth so I don't fall
apart in my bottom .. fill me ... fill me.

Long shiny metal thing, thin like a long knitting needle with a whole in the tip
... Blue robe speaking and can't hear because of tingles and buzzing and pain in
my bottom.  He smiles and touches between my legs. Warm hands opening me ...
then feeling like I have to go pee pee ... tickling between my legs, my bottom
so full .. such pain in my bottom .. stretched and full .. awful sharp dull pain
.. throbbing now ... like my heart ... thump thump thump ... throbbing and full
and pain.  Tickly warm and gentle fingers touching my opening between the legs
... Nona said babies come from there and never to touch it ... it's for men only
... Blue robe is a man ... the long needle .. going inside my baby hole ... but
don't feel it .. only tickles on top ... pain in my bottom ... blackness ..
grayness .. fuzziness ...

"There now little one, all set.  You did very well.  You are a brave little girl
and will change the course of history."  Blue robe said.

"Tomorrow you will come back and we can do this again and again."  Blue robe
said, holding her tight, warm. Warm hands soothing sore bottom and touching
between my legs softly.

"Yes .. I'll come back .. this is nice ... more man thing cock in my mouth?"

"Yes little one .. more man thing cock in your mouth.  Good medicine for you." 
Blue robe agreed.

"And each time will be harder, but you can do it. You are a very special little
girl.  You don't mind the pain, you are strong."  Blue robe said softly.

A jarring shift of blackness, waking slowly in new place. 

"She wakes."

Couldn't find the voice, it was deep, a man.  Cold, warm, hard.  Dizzy.

"Good.  It's about time.  The Bishop likes them awake."  Evil laughter but
couldn't open my eyes.

Rough robe, scratching tender skin.  Prickly.  Being carried then set down on a
bone jarringly cold table and roughly tied with legs spread wide.

"Not much to look at.  Small tits, but nice big nipples, good for needles." 
Another man's voice comment.

Pain as nipples were pulled hard.  "Arrrrrrr .. "

"Is this the girl the Blue Wizard was working on?"

"Yes your lordship."

"Very well, leave us and send in my clerics.  We must be sure that nothing of
the Dark Arts has been hidden in this girl."

"Yes your lordship."

"You won't be able to see or to speak as you are enspelled after being rescued
from the Blue Wizard.  He was an evil man and I have to see to it that your
immortal soul has not been damaged or twisted." A voice went on.

He was not evil!  He was nice!  I wanted to scream, was afraid, very afraid. 
Missed Blue robe so much.  He was making new magic and they were going to ruin
it.  They didn't understand and I couldn't speak, couldn't explain.  Blue robe
was nice.  Did nice things, made me feel so good, and told me I was strong.  I
am strong.  I won't let them hurt Blue Robe!

Voices raised, chanting.  Didn't understand it but suddenly there was hot bright
pain all over, a rain of pain on my plain ... silly, silly.  Feeling silly.  Hot
splashes of pain, chanting and drumming, too much drumming and music.  Feeling
squishy with the music, foggy.  Burning on my body, tears .. but I won't scream
.. can't scream ... only inside I can scream.

Feeling spells.  Never felt spells before, but feel them now.  Know when they
are being cast.  That's special and Blue robe taught me.  I can cast spells too
.. but only sometimes and it makes me sick.  Blue robe said when I get older I
won't feel sick when casting spells but need man thing .. need man thing in my
mouth and throat .. I open my mouth .. wide, waiting for Blue robe's man thing
cock.  No .. not him .. I'm somewhere else and foggy .. what are they doing? 
Raining pain on my plain .. bits of molten lava touch my skin, burning
irritating pain .. not good pain.

Spell .. I should cast a spell .. I don't need to talk for that .. Blue robe
taught me ... special magic no one else has.

Burning fire and booming noise ... rain of more fire on me ... but no spell ...
they stopped it somehow.  Must do better.  Voices, voices, talking, chanting
can't understand.  Noise inside, outside, all around.

Hands touching .. rude, hard, painful.  Shrieking pain in my nipples ... deep
into my core, pain inside deep!  Feeling .. odd.  Pain is making me feel odd,
disconnected .. and wanting to be small and soft and cuddly ... yes please, cock
in my mouth and throat .. yes, fill me all the way ... take me, inside and out. 
Yes, tickly tingly feelings deep inside like when Blue robe was here ...
touching ... filling ... bottom .. touching my sex, my sex, my sex, my tickle
button.  That's what Blue robe called it.  To climax.  Said females had this
special button and that it was good.  Dizzy still .. voices and chanting and
hands and cocks everywhere .. yes, fill me .. fill me .. fill me ... deep into
my mouth, choking .. gagging .. filling swelling .. filling me with man seed in
my mouth.  More .. more ... more.

Cocks in my bottom just like Blue robe used to do because he said that I
couldn't have one in my sex yet.  That had to wait for a special time .. yes,
fill my bottom, fill my mouth .. fill me everywhere ...

Dark and alone somewhere new.  No, not dark ... but alone.  Curious, what
happened?

Cell.  Imprisoned in a cell, alone.  Warm and dry though, wearing a white shift. 
My body aches and I am prisoner.  Of the Bishop?  Confusing of where and when.

Spells, I have my spells.  I can speak, I can see.  But something stops the
spells .. and now I feel ... needy.  Always happens when I cast.  I need a man,
a cock.  Two men, two cocks.  Maybe I'm even ready for three cocks.  Nice
thought that.

Touching myself isn't as much fun, but so needy.  Tingly tickly, needy!  A
blade?  Yes, a forgotten blade of fine quality.  Why is it here?  Have they fed
me?

Such a shiny and sharp blade.  Hard steel, sharp edge.  Feeling so needy, need
cocks!

Take off my shift to sit naked in the small patch of warm sunshine that enters
the cell.  It glints on the knife ... so pretty.  I spread my legs, eager to
feel the warmth of my sex, the swollen flesh of my arousal ... the shiny knife.

I can't help but lift the knife, mesmerized by it's beauty, sun glinting on it
.. I make a cut .. oh, feels so good as the blood wells up in small droplets ...
another cut ... oh yes, deep tickly nice pain ... opening myself ... letting the
blood out .. beautiful bright dark red blood slowly dripping down in a tiny
river over my hot sex.  Another cut and another ... a design .. yes, a lovely
design on my mound .. cut .. cut .. cut ... sharp, stinging, pulling warm pain
.. I bend over a bit more, stretching hard to get a good view of my other parts. 
My tickle button, my heavy outer lips .. full and heavy ... the smell of my
excitement ... the wetness that isn't blood ... the little cap of skin over my
tickle button ... cut .. cut ... small bleeding cuts there .. looks so pretty
framed in blood.  Inner lips, so ugly ... cut, cut .. lots of blood now.  Wish I
could reach more .. cut cut ... inner thigh .. so pale, so smooth .. cut cut ...
stingy, sharp, pulling pain, drip, drip .. such a pretty knife.

My breasts have grown some, but still small, but nice big nipples ... that's
what one man said.  Good big nipples ... cut .. cut .. little scores like an x
across the tops of them .. dripping one drop of blood after another .. a cut
around the dark part near the nipple .. soft welling of more blood.

Oh so needy, so needy, need cocks!  Not enough to just rub myself, need more ..
need so much more .. can't stand it!

"Let me out!"  My bloody hands beat the door, screaming and screaming that I
wanted to get out, needed to get out.

"Please, just give me some cock .. I need a man!  Right now!"

Footsteps came slowly, "Eh, what's that?"

"I need a man, several men!  I want to get fucked!  I need to get fucked ..
please .. please ... " 

Laughter, "Well that's a new one on me.  I'll send the boys in for some fun
then.  They'll like that."

"Thank you!  Hurry .. I can't stand it anymore ... I need some men ... right
away."

More footsteps at the door, key in the lock, shocked faces of men.  I forgot I
was bleeding all over.  "It's nothing .. please .. do me .. take me ... "

The men backed away, shaking their heads in fear.  Door closes, locked.

Footsteps retreating.  "She must really be some kind of weird witch.  We better
tell him ... they'll be wanting to take her somewhere else before things start
happening here ... "

Excruciating pain across the nipples, dark robe sweeping by.

Gasping for breath, in some new place.  Naked and kneeling on something horribly
painful to the knees.  Painful heat near my sex, I see a candle below ... if I
move I can escape the heat, but the pain of knees and crop across the breasts
forces me to move back .. causing a painful burn .. so hard to hold position,
excruciating .. arms tied behind my back.  Back aching, sex burning terribly
like acid spill but it's from the candle.  Where am I?

Face suddenly fills my vision. Beautiful woman, dark eyes that are cold, a smile
that is feral.

"Now then little bitch, we will find out what you are.  You are skilled in the
Arcane Arts, yet of no school I know. You would make a fine Dark Servant, if you
can take the pain."  She laughed again, taking a large needle and grasping my
nipple.

The hold on my nipple was not painful and I was eerily fascinated by the needle
moving closer to my nipple.  The light from somewhere glinted off the needle,
making it seem compelling and comforting.  Why would I think that ... so odd ..
I could feel stirrings between my legs already as the needle approached and
touched the skin of my nipple.  I knew pain was coming, yet ... it was so
fascinating. Had I been enspelled?

I saw the tip of the needle and at the same moment felt it prick my skin, then
it was forced through, so slowly that I couldn't help but watch as I felt a
deeply painful sensation throb through my entire breast, with excruciating
sharpness centered right on my nipple.  I could begin to see the point pressing
the flesh on the other side, almost ready to break through the skin and emerge
... the pain was sharp and intense, but I could not take my eyes from the sight
of the needle imbedded through one side of my nipple and just about ready to pop
out the other side.  With relief the needle suddenly broke through the flesh and
emerged a half inch out of the other side of my nipple.

I began to shake and I realized I had been sweating.

"Excellent."  The woman said, pulling forth another needle.

NO .. no .. not again.  I again couldn't help but watch ... feel the
excruciating pain that was somehow welcome to me.  How could this be?

My entire chest felt on fire, something stirred deep within me.  I wanted to
cry, to fall forward submissively at her feet and let her love me.  I felt
myself sway.  "Please .. please .. "  my voice was weak with need and I wanted
to scream.  What was happening to me?

"Yes, yes. Let yourself go little one."  Her soft voice soothed, her hands
rested on my shoulders, while my knees ached and sex felt the heat of the candle
between my legs.

Her fingers traced small circles around the fresh piercings, giving me
goosebumps.

"Soon you'll be making milk like all the women here."  she went on, cupping my
breast and gently bouncing them in her hand.

She leaned forward and her mouth met mine.  So sweet and soft, I couldn't help
but kiss it, moaning softly.  Yes, kiss me, take me.

"So sweet you are my little plaything."  The woman whispered, her fingers moving
lower now to cup my hot and suddenly engorged sex.  Who knew I could feel this
way with a woman.

I moaned softly, inviting her touch.  Soon we were on the bed, her mouth on my
sex and giving me the most incredible sensations I'd ever felt there.  Warm and
soft, probing and firm, sucking and licking every delicate little fold.  I felt
pressure inside me, as her tongue probed my womb but was held back by my
virginity.

"Ah, a special treat for me."  Her voice rasped suddenly and I saw that she had
begun to change form.  Her full breasts remained, seductively swaying slightly
just beyond my reach as her tail suddenly grew ... a thick tail with knobby
protrusions spaced regularly along it's length.  Her mouth changed as well,
becoming demonic in form, long forked tongue snaking out suddenly to slap my
engorged clitoris sharply.  I gasped from the pain of it, but felt a bursting of
energy within.

"Oh yes ... yes .. " I gasped, amazed at my own reactions and all that was
happening.  I felt her tail brush against my leg as it moved to press against my
bottom. It was hot, hard and felt rough somehow, scaly perhaps.  She moved to
lay against me, her breasts pressing against mine, her sex against mine ... hot
and hard as well now.  I felt something clamp my labia lips in a tight grip,
closing my opening but somehow massaging the entire area to incredibly new
levels of arousal.  I was gasping for breath suddenly, feeling little suction
cups against my nipples .. pulling and drawing my nipples out painfully as the
needles were still in them.  I cried out sharply and my mouth was invaded by
that forked tongue that had grown huge in size.  It filled my mouth and began to
slither down my throat though did not gag me as men's cocks had.  It filled me,
moved ever downwards ... tickling my stomach from the inside ... but still, did
not gag me.  I was astounded .. feeling the demon begin to press into my bottom
with it's tail .. pressing and pressing .. painfully, more painfully than when
the men had done it .. and I knew why .. the protrusions ... they were so wide
.. one would slip in .. give me some moment of rest before the next would force
me open even wider ... I was gasping and sweating with the effort of relaxing so
that it wouldn't hurt worse .. and I was feeling ever more aroused ... wanting
to open myself up fully for anything she wanted to do .. I felt my throat relax
.. I felt my bottom relax .. even as another protrusion stretched it more
painfully wide .. I felt her tail move up inside me, wiggling inside me ...
twisting and moving back and forth in small movements .. and then .. a discharge
of hot liquid .. that stung suddenly .. like the potions the men used on me in
the past.

I wanted to scream but my throat was filled ... and her tongue moved more deeply
inside me as my throat relaxed even more.  My nipples were in excruciating pain,
and I would have cut them off if it had been possible. Tears ran down my face,
pain filled my being from everywhere ... my bottom, my sex which was being
clamped down on so hard .. my insides, my throat ... I felt her tongue swell
deep within me, her tail seemed to swell as well .. I knew I would just burst if
this continued ... it was amazing agony and I could feel my climax building
within me ...

The shock of being suddenly ejected from Kat's mind as the spell went awry was
enough to keep me unconscious for several days.  Renzik cared for me the entire
time though I was out of my mind and do not recall those events.  I have only
the memories from Kat and the then the continuation of our training of her.  Kat
herself suffered no ill effects from the use of that spell and Renzik kept her
carefully enspelled during my convalescence.

The outlook seemed very grim for Kat.  We had no knowledge of who the Blue robe
or Blue Wizard was.  There was no mention of him in any text we could find or in
any guild that we asked.  Obviously there is no school of Blue Magic, and yet,
Kat's abilities were quite unusual.  Her time among the clerics did not seem
important, and her time with the Dark Servants was to be expected.  But Renzik
found that some of the spells we had used had not yielded accurate results. 
While Kat is technically a virgin, her recollections indeed prove that she is
not sexually naive though the spell indicated that she was.  Quite odd and
unexpected.

She was certainly aware of her own powers, but had chosen not to tell us that
fact which was understandable.  She had no reason to trust us and it would be
wise to keep some things secret.  So, Renzik and I had to come up with a plan
that would work with Kat. Establishing trust would be difficult, but quite
necessary if we were to teach her how to control her unique abilities.

Interestingly enough, her early history did in some ways prepare her for the
ways of the Grey Practitioners. It is our way to experience both ends of the
spectrum for any thing we do as by experiencing both sides to each thing, a
balance can be struck between the two.  While her experiences had been solely of
a sexual nature, they did include both intense pleasure and intense pain each
time which is quite important.  It would be discipline that is the major hurdle. 
She has never had discipline.  She was perhaps too young with the Blue Wizard,
the clerical order was too dumb and ignorant, and the Dark Servants did not seek
to train her, only use her for pleasure.

With discipline as a starting point, we built our program.

She felt an affinity for Renzik almost immediately as he is a man.  Despite her
experiences, she greatly favored men and seemed to have a very driving need to
be wanted by them.  She seemed quite attached to me as well, for which I was
relieved. Often females will tend to favor a male and be entirely competitive
with any other female, but she did seem quite fond of me right away.

So we began.  We let her decorate the annex as one would decorate a home, this
seemed very important to her. We set up a comfortable school room for her
lessons.  We tried to set up her own sleeping room, but she did not want to
sleep alone.  This was a puzzle and we weren't quite prepared for this.  We had
planned on us sleeping in our regular apartments while Kat would sleep,
carefully enspelled, in the annex by herself.

It was not to be.  She insisted that we live together in the annex as a family. 
While we did not want to let her guide the program, on this one point, we
allowed her to have her way.  We were in for many surprises.

My things had been moved into the annex when I fell ill from the spell and it is
where I recovered.  Renzik had also already set up his room in the annex.  We
did insist that Kat have her own room and that she was deeply enspelled each
night to prevent unexpected discharges of magical energy and to prevent her from
sleepwalking, a problem we noticed right away.  The school room had been set up,
as well as a testing area for us. The entire annex was set with dampeners and
extra spells to contain any errant energies.  We decided for forgo any other
magical testing as the results could not be trusted.  It was up to us to observe
and devise her program.

Renzik carefully woke Kat and we waited for her to orient herself.  She smiled,
feeling right at home.

"Oh good, we're all here.  I'm so sorry you were sick Gabriella."  she said.

"I'm much better now and I'm only sorry that my illness has delayed your
training."  I replied with a smile. She looked so sweet, so innocent, and yet, I
knew so much more about her.

Kat stretched, showing off her lithe body, pierced nipples and bare sex.  I
rather liked the look, even with all the scarring.  I would be adding to those
scars in the course of her training.

"Gabriella and I have worked out a training program that we will try.  Your
abilities are unique and we will have to all work together to find the best ways
to teach you to use your powers safely."  Renzik explained.

Kat nodded, "Great.  I'm ready." 

"Well, you can have breakfast first." Renzik smiled.

"Which brings us to our first little issue."  I reminded them.  "In a normal
training course, a student of the Grey Arts would be fed our special potions
which are quite unpalatable and are administered through a throat tube.  Other
breakfast options include semen, breast milk, and or urine."

Kat laughed, "Really?  Why?"

"It is a matter of building discipline and a sense of personal awareness. 
People with uncontrolled magical powers often believe that they are above anyone
else, that they can trample on anyone who does not please them.  By forcing them
to begin from the bottom so to speak, they will know their place.  Having only
those substances which are thought of as either infantile, waste material or
sexual in nature reinforces the point that they are not even considered fit as a
human being yet, that until they master themselves by careful discipline, they
are of little more value than a pet.  That is quite literally, one is not human
until full control of their essences and compulsions is achieved.  It is a
carefully controlled act of humiliation that is to build a sense of humility and
acceptance of the fact that they have to earn respect and more importantly, have
to earn their place as a fully functioning human."  I explained, though it was
not normally my habit to do so.  Her reaction surprised me however and I was
curious.  Most students were horrified at the prospect of being treated in such
a humiliating manner.

Kat mulled this over a bit before nodding.  "I think I understand."

"So then, are you ready for breakfast?"  I asked, still surprised at her
reactions.

Kat nodded.

"Kneel here in front of me."  I instructed, parting my robe so that I could
urinate into her waiting mouth.

She knelt snugly between my slightly spread legs, and licked my sex, probing her
tongue deeply into me.  I was astonished but prepared to urinate gently so that
she would not spill any.  Renzik watched, amused.

I controlled the flow of my urine and she drank it up carefully and then licked
me clean.  I couldn't help but hug her head lightly and kiss her forehead.

"Excellent Kat.  Now, for a treat would you like to have some of Renzik's seed
in your throat?"  I had a feeling she would welcome such a thing and I wanted to
use that as a reward for good behavior.

She nodded eagerly.

"Go then and kneel before Renzik. He is quite aggressive, but perhaps you will
get used to that."  I said, watching as she kneeled before Renzik, her head at a
perfect height to accept his large organ deeply into her throat.  Renzik took
his time, pulling her head onto his fully erect and quite impressive organ and
pressing deeply into her throat. As I watched, I understood more how I had
experienced her emotions when it happened to her at other times.  A man's organ,
deeply imbedded into her throat seemed to bring on a deep sense of submission in
her. I could see her hands relax and open outwards.  She slowly spread her
thighs as Renzik was plundering her mouth and her entire posture suggested a
deepening sense of submission.  Quite interesting.

Soon he released deeply into her throat, causing her to choke and gag, and even
that seemed to increase her submissive posture.  Most excellent.

"Excellent Kat."  Renzik said, closing his robe and smiling at her.  He took a
seat and invited Kat to sit on his lap.

This seemed to please her and she comfortably settled in his lap while he kissed
the top of her head and told her what a good job she had done.  Our eyes met
about her bent head.  This was amazing.

"So then, breakfast is all taken care of, time for some lessons."  I said,
wondering where to begin.  Discipline was so important, but without trust, it
might do more harm than good.

I recalled the knife incident in her past and wondered.

"The first thing we will practice is the simple art of sitting still for periods
of time, despite distractions around you.  This is essential and is something
you will practice for the rest of your life.  It is important that distractions
never interfere with spell casting as the spell can go horribly awry and do
damage."

"Of course, to you this will seem boring as this part of training usually occurs
at a much younger age."  I explained.  "So, I intend to make it a bit more
interesting.  I will create for you a dilemma - I will set you up in such a way
that it is a difficult position to maintain.  However, should you move even a
fraction of an inch, there will be an uncomfortable consequence.  This will
build strength while also serving to totally focus your mind on the task at
hand.  While you hold this position, you will study this lesson that I have laid
out which contain some of the basic formulas of Grey Practitioners.  How does
that sound?"

Kat nodded with a rueful smile.  "It sounds like everything I've ever heard
about training.  But I'll do it, I know I can."

"Very well then.  Let's get you set up."  I said, nodding to Renzik so that he
would double check the spells and dampers.

I opened the cupboard and retrieved several items.

"So then, I will tie you so that you are on your back, legs pulled up and back. 
Not too bad yet though your hips will cramp fairly quickly in this position. 
Now, I'll tie a thin rope through the loops of your nipple rings and tie them to
your big toes. If you move your feet at all, it will put pressure on your nipple
rings.  I'll tie your wrists to your ankles securely so you don't have to worry
about them."  I smiled, seeing that she appeared confident and comfortable so
far.

"Hmmm, you'll need some extra light to read the text I will hold for you."  I
commented, picking up a stout candle 2 inches in diameter at the base though it
had a depression that would keep it firmly seated in her bottom that wasn't
quite so wide.  I applied a stinging lubricant to the end and smiled at her.

"Now then, let me just get this candle in place and we can begin with your first
lesson."  I said, moving to stand between her spread legs.  I lifted her bottom
up unto a thick cushion  so that when the candle was inserted into her bottom,
it would be vertical as a candle should be. Any movement would spill hot wax
directly onto her spread vagina.  Very effective.

I added lubrication to my fingers and gently worked two fingers deeply into her
rectum. I took my time, wanting to avoid unnecessary pain.  I could see her sex
slowly swelling and lubrication beginning to flow from her vaginal opening.  I
was unconcerned at her arousal as the stinging lubricant of the phallus would
quash any sexual feelings she might develop.  I deeply massaged her inner
sphincter and heard her sigh and moan softly.  I then withdrew my fingers and
inserted the candle carefully working it into her bottom.

Her eyes flew open and she gasped as the stinging lubricant began it's work.  To
my surprise and consternation I saw even more copious lubrication appear on her
now quite swollen vagina.  I adjusted her once more, making the support under
her bottom secure and then lit the candle.  I wondered about her arousal despite
the pain, but was eager to move on with the exercise.

"There, at least now you'll be able to see the text."  I remarked, moving to sit
by her head.

"Now that you are comfortable, I'll open the text so that you can read.  If you
should falter on any word, I will have to correct you by making a small cut into
your flesh with this pretty little knife of mine."  I explained, showing her my
quite sharp and quite lovely knife that glinted in candlelight.

"It is beautiful .. "  she said softly, beginning to feel the effects of holding
this position.  She gasped suddenly and I knew that the wax was beginning to
drip on her engorged sex, hopefully shutting down her sexual responses.  I knew
exactly how hot and painful the drops of wax would be on an engorged vulva.

"And you've given me the opportunity to demonstrate it already."  I tsked,
bringing the knife downwards to make a small cut following the line of her
aureole for about an inch before stopping.  I could see her suck in her breath
at the cut, but she was morbidly fascinated by the knife cutting her flesh open.

"Thank you .. "  she whispered softly.

I opened the text and moved it so that she could turn her head to read it.

She began to read the words, struggling now to hold her legs still in the
awkward position, gasping softly as the hot wax spilled onto the delicate flesh
of her sex and the stinging lubricant penetrated more deeply into her bowels. 
Her nipples rings were pulled quite far out offering excellent places to make
small cuts as she faltered in her reading.  In the time it took to read one
page, over 10 small cuts had been made on each breast, near the nipple,
radiating outward from the nipple like a sunburst.  Small drops of blood
trickled down her small breasts.

Soon her body was covered in sweat as she struggled to keep her position. Her
nipples were pulled painfully tight by the ropes through the nipple rings and
wax was dripping faster and faster on the increasingly sensitive flesh of her
engorged sex.

"Please .. please .. " she panted softly, "I can't anymore ... please .. "  she
begged.

I looked up at Renzik and he nodded, nothing small arcs of energy being passed
to the dampers.

I extinguished the candle and gently worked it out of her tender bottom, then
cut the ropes holding her legs up.

I gathered her up in my arms quickly, hugging her.  "You've done very well Kat!" 
I said softly, quite proud of her tremendous effort at self control.  "Excellent
job."  I said again, stroking the top of her head and offering her my breast as
a reward.

She seemed puzzled.  "Milk Kat, you may drink some as a reward for excellent
self control.  Just wrap your lips around the dark park and kind of use your
tongue and lips to suck the milk from it."  I explained gently, squirting a bit
of milk onto her face.

She smiled and closed her eyes, grasping my nipple firmly in her mouth and
figuring out how to work it.  I let my hand slide down to her now splayed legs
and gently rubbed her swollen sex.  I let my fingers glide over her engorged
clitoris, lightly teasing her as she finally worked out how to get a good flow
of milk. She nursed quite happily for nearly 15 minutes while I stroked her sex. 
Females always seemed to find soft stroking of their sex pleasurable and
willingly worked to receive such rewards.

"Okay then, time for lesson two. Are you up to it?"  I asked gently, pressing my
finger against her mouth to gently break the suction of her mouth on my breast.

Kat nodded, looking sleepy and content.  Surely it would not be this easy?

The next lesson was to be an easy one.  Kat was suspended from the ceiling, in a
harness that supported her but held her legs widely open and her hands above her
head.  It was of such a height that I could sit comfortably in my chair and
extend my mouth quite easily to her womanhood with no strain.  Renzik stood
beside my chair to observe and hold the text for Kat.

"Now then Kat, you are to simply read the text, committing the principles to
memory.  You are not to falter, nor are you allowed fruition."  I explained.

"Fruition?"  she asked.

"Yes, you are not allowed to allow your womanhood to climax, to spasm in
pleasure.  Have you not heard these terms or experienced these sensations?"  I
asked, truly surprised.

"I'm not sure.  I have felt a swelling, a tingling and building of pressure
there but I don't know if that is what you mean."  Kat replied thoughtfully.

"Hmm.  Fruition is more like an internal explosion, where your blood and nerves
sing with energy, there is a point of release directly between your legs, but in
your womb, your lower abdomen."  I explained.

"Oh.  I don't think that's happened exactly.  I've felt the nerves singing as
you say ... a crawling, tingly kind of tickly feeling .. but nothing that felt
like an explosion.  Sometimes it seemed one was about to happen, but .. usually
it didn't but then again, I usually ended up somewhere else."  Kat said slowly.

"Ended up somewhere else?"  I asked, astonished now, wondering if the jolts of
her memory actually indicated that she was not aware of whatever transpired
between one event and the next.  The one other time I had done a melding spell,
there was much more continuity between events, a logical progression. Kat's had
been unusual in that there was no such continuity, just apparently random events
that jumped directly into each other.

"Yes.  I mean, when I was aroused, and thought something was about to happen, I
suddenly found myself in a whole new place with a whole different bunch of
people and so I don't like to feel like that anymore but I can't seem to help
it."  Kat explained.

"Ah, I see."  I had no idea what to say.  Did she climax so hard she passed out? 
That would not explain the new circumstances however.  I recalled the
experiences I had experienced and in reviewing them, if they were on a linear
timeline would have occurred over the space of several years.  Had she no
recollection of half her life?

"Would you be willing to see what happens?"  I asked, looking to Renzik.

Kat shrugged, though her eyes betrayed her fear.

"Are you afraid to try it?  Because you will be taken somewhere else?  Or
because of some other reason?"  I prompted.

"I .. yes .. I'm afraid.  I like this place so far."  She murmured softly.

I hugged her tightly.  "Okay, new plan. I will work to stimulate you so that you
are aroused.  However, I won't let you reach fruition.  Renzik will monitor the
dampers and see if he can see anything unusual in your energy patterns."

Kat nodded.

Renzik nodded and moved to study the damping panels.  I began to gently explore
her sex with my mouth and fingers.  She was delightfully sweet and quite wet
with juices.  I gently tugged at her center and then nibbled her inner lips,
letting my tongue press against her hymen.  I massaged her bottom with my hands
and gently pressed my finger into her anal opening.  She moaned, rocking her
hips against my mouth as I lapped up her juices and sucked the delicate folds of
her flesh deeply into my mouth.  I could feel the engorgement building, the
muscles tensing.  I waited, feeling her building warmth against my mouth and
tongue.  When I sensed that a climax was building I nipped her clitoris with my
teeth, not hard enough to damage anything but enough to quash anything that
might have been building.  Kat yelped in pain, groaning and pulling her sex away
sharply.  She was panting with exertion, tears streaming down her face.

"Hold up Gabby."  Renzik commanded abruptly.

I regretfully removed my mouth from her sweet womanhood and looked up.  "She
blew a damper?"  I asked incredulously.

Renzik nodded.

I got up and lowered Kat down from the suspension swing, hugging her tightly and
moving to sit on the couch so that she could nurse.  I offered her my breast and
she immediately latched on. I was afraid to stroke her as I had before and so
just held her as she drank and Renzik worked to repair the burned out damper.

Kat drank for quite some time and finally looked up.  "I'm sorry if I broke
something. I always break things."  She said, looking rather mournful.  "Will I
be sent away now?"

"No, we won't send you away.  You are trying very hard to be good and that is
excellent.  We just have to find the right training program for you so that you
can't break things or disappear into the unknown."  I told her with a gentle
smile.  I so wanted to touch her and bring her pleasure but sensed that was a
dangerous course with her. 

I traced the many cuts I had put upon her breasts.  She smiled.

"I should put something on these so that they scar nicely."  I said.

"Will they ever get bigger?"  she asked.

I chuckled, "Yes, they will.  Those who wield the Arcane Arts just develop more
slowly.  While you are 17 now, you have the body of a 13 year old.  You'll catch
up once we get you trained and get regular proper food." 

"Oh good! I want nice big ones like yours."  She said.

"Well, mine are bigger now because they are making milk for you."

"Oh ... but they still look nice and you have lots of nice scars too."  Kat
commented, tracing her fingers over my own arsenal of scars received during my
own training at the Abby.

"Yes, I sure do.  More than most as I was quite powerful and needed lots of
training."  I laughed, recalling those days of torture and pain.

"Oh?  So .. the more powerful, the more scars?"  Kat asked.

"Yes, more or less.  I am quite powerful and have had to work hard to control
myself and my reactions so that I too don't break things or hurt people." I
admitted.

"Did you get them like we just did?" 

"Yes, and more.  What we did earlier was really a child's lesson more or less. 
A regular child would not have been cut on undeveloped breasts.  It would have
been on the hands, thighs, arms to underscore the importance of focus.  I did
have my breasts used as I had already manifested my powers, despite not being
developed.  I was an unusual case.  The power that women wield is directly and
completely linked to the development of our sexuality.  There is no way to
separate the two and so much of the training involves a woman's sexual centers
because puberty will wreak havoc with a woman's essences and she must have
already learned to control her powers before Menses or she could destroy an
entire village because of a menstrual cramp."  I explained gently.



"Menses?"  Kat asked.

Oh no, surely she knows about this?

"Yes, when a woman begins to bleed each month, indicating she is ready for
breeding."  I explained.

"Oh?  Really?"  Kat asked, sounding excited.

"Yes.  It's critically important to be trained by then so that the changes of
puberty do not make your magic go out of control.  Have you bled yet?"  I asked,
holding my breath.

"I don't think so ... not that I know of."  Kat answered uncertainly.

"I think you would know it if you did.  It's a very special time and when your
time does come, we'll have a nice celebration of it and then breed you .. that's
when you finally get to have a man's organ inside your vaginal opening so that
he can put his seed there to grow a baby." 

"A baby?  That would be nice."  Kat mused softly.

"Yes, it is nice. I've had 5 already and each one is wonderful." 

"Five?!"  Kat exclaimed.  "That seems like a lot."

"No, not really.  I want more, but you came along and so I have to wait to have
more.  Each female of the Arcane Arts is expected to have at least 6 babies
though there is no requirement to do so."

"Oh, that's nice."  Kat said softly.

"Okay, I've got a replacement in line here but we'll have to be careful from now
on.  That was a powerful disturbance.  I'm afraid to imagine what would have
happened had there been no dampers!"  Renzik said.

"So then, how shall we continue?"  I asked.

"She's been fed?"  he asked.

I nodded.

"Okay then.  Perhaps we'll see just how powerful her pain responses are in
comparison to her pleasure responses?"

"Sounds like a plan.  Kat?  Would you be up to something like that?"

"Pain?  Lots of it?"  she asked.

"Yes.  I will use a whip on your back and your front, between your legs.  I'll
probably work up to bloody welts for now, though not quite lashing your skin. 
In addition to the whipping, I'll put a thick phallus in your anal opening that
is covered with a deeply irritating substance that is quite breathtaking." 
Renzik explained.

Kat looked horrified at the calm explanation that Renzik provided.  "But .. but
... "  she took several deep breaths and finally nodded.

"I'll secure you, standing, to the suspension rig."  Renzik said, taking her
hand and leading her to the middle of the room.  He quickly secured her tightly
with her hands up over her head and legs spread wide.

I took a post by the dampers.

Renzik swung his heavy whip several times before landing a blow across her back. 
She screeched.

"No .. oh no."  she sobbed as welts began to form with smallish beads of blood
welling up on some.

The whip swung again and again, moving slowly down her back, buttocks and
thighs.

She cried and screeched, but the dampers did not show any particular surges of
energy.  Most interesting.  I would have expected spikes at each blow.

Renzik moved to whip the front of her body, striking a blow against her breasts,
down her chest, her abdomen and finally across her sex.

Renzik stopped and Kat was sobbing uncontrollably. 

"Gabby?"  he said softly.  "I want you to arouse her while I watch the monitors. 
Be prepared to stop instantly on my order."

"Yes Sir." I replied softly.

I moved to kneel at Kat's feet, tilting my face up to inhale the aroma of her
deeply aroused sex.  She was dripping wet!  Yet it had not set off the dampers? 
I didn't understand her level of arousal unless it was from before?  Yet it was
clearly quite fresh and could only have come from the whipping.

I began to gently lick the juices from between her legs, sucking in the delicate
inner labia, gently sucking her engorged clitoris and plunging my tongue in
deeply against her hymen to suck up every drop of her sweetness.  Her flesh was
so warm and slick, her scent intoxicating and her taste so sweet that I reveled
in absorbing every bit of warmth and moisture from her womanhood.  I felt my own
arousal stir and pressed my tongue against her hymen again, wishing nothing more
than to break it with my tongue and drink of her innocence.  I lost myself in
her wet folds and was painfully jolted from my enjoyment by the sting of the
whip against my own back.  I turned abruptly to the source, feeling feral, as if
I wanted to rip and destroy the person who had taken me from the delight I was
experiencing.

I suddenly came to myself, seeing the smoking remains of the damper.

"Oh Renzik!"  I gasped, horrified at my own lapse.

"Gabriella, we will deal with you shortly.  Please release Kat."

I quickly untied Kat and let her relax into my arms, putting her mouth to my
breast and I applied a cooling lotion to the mountains of welts that covered her
entire body.

After Kat was calmed down and soothed with the special lotion, I knew I would
have to face my own punishment.  I was mortified that I had lapsed like a first
year student.  This was impossible!

I stood and stepped up to Renzik.

Before I could disrobe or kneel, I felt the forces of his spells vaporizing my
robe and forcing me harshly to my knees, thighs spread wide, arms secured behind
my back, my head thrown back.

"Gabriella, I am dismayed at your dangerous lapse.  This shall be an extremely
severe punishment as one of your level should never have lapsed in this way.  It
is incomprehensible that this has occurred."  Renzik said somberly.

"Yes Master."  I replied, still stunned at the lapse myself.

Immediately as I uttered those words, I felt another spell that gagged my mouth
open painfully wide.

Renzik moved from my line of sight as I was frozen in this position by his
spells.  I heard him prepare Kat for a special pod and extra spells to restrain
her magical energy.  I could not see which method he was using.

Time passed more slowly for me as I put myself through my lessons of composure
and concentration.  My failure had been astounding to me and as I reflected on
what had occurred it dawned on me that the essence of Kat's power was in some
way different than the power innate in others.  It was her magical essences that
had drawn me into forgetting my primary task.  This was an astounding revelation
as I had never before been swayed by power of that kind.  It did not feel like
Grey forces, nor did it feel like White or Black forces.  This was something
unique, but even so, I knew that my lapse must be corrected and I knew it would
be severe.  I had to find a way to overcome the lure of Kat's different power
and I hadn't a clue as to how to accomplish that!

My musings were interrupted by Renzik.  I was moved so that Kat was once more in
my field of vision. My neck ached from the posture collar spell that Renzik had
applied.  It holds the head so high and so securely that it can not be moved and
one's field of vision is greatly reduced.  It is a rather direct method for
forcing an aspect of focus of whatever is in the field of vision.

Kat was secured in the special cage pod.  I could not see the dampers and so did
not know how she might be reacting to such severe restraint.  The cage pod was a
small unit that forced the individual on all fours, bracing the elbows so that
they remained straight, spread the thighs quite wide and secured the wrists and
ankles.  Around her neck I saw a dampening collar had been engaged.  It sparked
with only minor discharges.

I could see that he had wisely added dampening phalluses to Kat's anal opening
and her mouth.  A woman's energies and essences were created and were strongest
in the sexual centers so applying a damper there would hopefully prevent those
energies from even being released.  It was incredibly uncomfortable as I was
aware from my own experiences with them and unwitting discharge of energy
resulted in quite painful shocks in all areas.  The dampers also had the effect
of leaving an individual at a low level of arousal, while never allowing any
peaks or overall rise in arousal level.  It was a hateful device that I was
intimately familiar with.

The cage pod allowed free access to any portion of the body, it's bars being of
energy only and anyone not so caged could easily pass their hands through the
beams.  The beams also allowed passage of any other material so that someone
inside could be whipped, caressed, fed and otherwise handled.  It was a great
feat of engineering available only to the Grey Order and used only with the most
powerful of students.

But would it work with Kat's unique powers?  I wished that I could speak, but
knew it would not be allowed.  Did Renzik understand that the nature of her was
different?  Would all of their spells and instruments work effectively?  It had
become clear that the examination spell had not yielded accurate results.  What
else might fail?

The thoughts all whirled around as I awaited my punishment.

The proximity of Kat was once again swaying my own senses.  I began to notice
that I could smell her arousal as she was but 2 feet away, her womanhood facing
me.  I also detected a slight sensation of dizziness in myself.  She was
intoxicating, her essences and nuances of power, despite the dampers!

I wanted so desperately to warn Renzik and could not.  I could only hope he was
aware of the compelling effects of Kat's magic.  I felt myself drawn to her
spread thighs, wanting to bury my face within those warm, delicate and quite wet
folds of flesh between her spread thighs.  I could clearly see her natural
lubrication slowly leaking down her inner thighs, the glistening of her inner
labia, the swelling of her clitoris and her outer lips were already flushed and
swollen with arousal.  I breathed deeply of her sweet scent, wanting nothing
more than to bury my tongue in her.

I felt Renzik move around me and it was soon clear that I was being secured in a
cage pod as well.  I was roughly placed on all fours, secured, my thighs spread
wide.  I was mortified when Renzik roughly penetrated my sex with his fingers
and then presented his dripping wet fingers before my nose.  I was losing more
and more control!  This was impossible!  I had somehow been reduced to the level
of a first year student!  What was wrong with me?

I barely repressed a scream as the gag spell was canceled and a dampening
phallus rammed roughly down my throat.  This was all too familiar and yet, the
shocks now were much worse than I had ever experienced before.  My body was
suddenly on fire with rampant energies.  I groaned as the other phalluses
penetrated my own anal opening and my vaginal opening.  Never before had they
felt so huge and rarely before had they been this painful.  It was not possible
that I had less control now than when I was a young student!  I desperately
tried to compose myself, to focus, to clear my own dizzying thoughts.  I had to
recenter myself before I lost all control.

I tried to clear my senses of Kat's enticing aroma.  I could still feel myself
drawn toward her, against my own volition.  I began to recite my earliest
lessons, remembering my discipline, ruthlessly focusing on the basic principles
of self control, centering and dulling my own arousal so that my energy would
not feed on itself in an endless cycle.

Just as I was beginning to gain some small measure of control, Renzik moved Kat
so that her lovely womanhood was within reach of my mouth, though my mouth was
still filled with the phallus.  Immediately I felt assaulted by powerful surges
of my own energies turned against me.  My womanhood and bowels were immediately
shocked so sharply that tears began to run down my face and worse, my nose began
to run.  Breathing was quite difficult now.

Her delicate and quite engorged flesh were so immediately compelling that I
strained to press my face against it.  Again, painful arcs of raw energy coursed
through my throat, my sex, my bowels.  I felt on fire, felt my own arousal
though it would not peak, only discharge more energy against me.  I was shaking
and sweating with the pain, becoming feral in my attempts to escape my bondage. 
I was quite literally losing my mind, retreating to a more primal self that
would self-destruct if not freed soon.

I heard Renzik's voice within my mind, instructing me to focus and regain
control.  Was I that far gone?  I listened, knowing that he was using a spell so
that Kat would not hear.  I tried to reply, knowing that I should have been able
to, but could not.  The forces unleashed within my own body were consuming me
and still the scent of Kat intruded on my mind.  I began to lose my vision, the
room, Renzik and even Kat lost behind swirling swaths of blue fog.  Then to my
own horror, I realized that I was somehow shifting to my astral presence,
leaving my body to walk the grey world that exists neither in the real world nor
in the nether worlds.

I was suddenly upon a great grey plain, featureless but for the blue fog.  This
was not the way it had ever been before.  I stood, alone and unfettered in the
grey wilderness, curious and calm now.  My own energies could not attack me here
as I was only my own essence, parted from my physical body.  Would I be able to
return to my own body, or would I be lost in this space for eternity?  I had in
the past taken astral journeys, but they all had featured real landmarks, other
astral projections, and a connection with my own body.  Here, there was none of
that.  Had I perhaps passed on?

"No, you have not passed on Gabriella the Grey."  A voice said, speaking
directly in my mind.

"Who are you?"  I asked, hoping I had command of my voice in one form or
another.

"I am the Blue Robe."  The voice responded with a small chuckle.

"Blue Robe?  The Wizard from Kat's past?"  I asked.

"I am no Wizard, that vocation is passing from this world.  Nor am I a Dark
Servant."  The voice replied patiently.

"But then, are you a Grey Practitioner ... that is of the Grey Order?"  I asked,
confused now.

"I am none of those.  I am Blue."  He chided gently.

"Blue what?"

"Blue Controller.  Quite different from White Wizardry, Grey Practitioner or
Dark Service."

"But ... I've never heard of such a thing."  I replied.

"Of course not, it is I who invented it."

"But what do you wish with me?"  I asked, confused and rapidly feeling myself
lose my own substance, as if I were slowly fading.  My mind reeled with
remembered images from Kat's past where a man in a Blue robe had used her in
some way for magic.

"Yes, that was I."  The voice replied, amused now.

"You are aware then of some of what occurred though the rest remains hidden even
from Kat's own mind.  Perhaps you would like to experience what she did and gain
even more powers?"  he asked softly, his voice oddly compelling.

"No!"  I retorted, angry suddenly without knowing why.  "I am powerful and have
no need of renegade magic!"

"Renegade?  Because it has not been sanctioned by your order?"  the voice asked
mockingly.

"Well ... yes."  I replied, "You forced such magic upon an untrained child!  You
.. abused your power."  I accused.

"Indeed?  And you have not?  What is abuse?"  he asked gently.

I pondered the question, trying to draw a rational distinction between the
training of children at the Abby and what he had apparently done to Kat.

"Our students come to us willingly or are sent by their parents with the intent
to learn to control their innate powers.  We do not force the choice, nor do we
insist on a particular school for them.  The discipline they acquire is not
abuse, it is education, it is giving them mastery over their own bodies and
minds."  I finally said.

"Kat came to me willingly, though she did not understand Grey, from Blue from
White having been raised in a backward province where magic is shunned and even
nature is shunned."  The voice responded.

"But she did not know the choice she was making!"  I retorted, anger again
flaring in me though I had no source for it.

"Do your children know what choices they make?  No, they have no idea.  They are
presented with the equivalent of a choice between an apple, an orange and a
banana.  They have no more idea of what their choice entailed than Kat did.  You
only pretend it matters, but it matters not.  Children must be guided by the
adults around them.  We make choices possible for them.  When they are older and
learn the consequences, they are then free to act on their own behalf."

"But Kat was little more than a child when you subjected her to great pain and
violations!"

"And your children are older, hmmm?"  the voice mused.

"Well yes.  They are 7 when they come to us, but we do not then subject them to
such difficult trials then, those trails happen much later!  They are taken
slowly to learn discipline, focus with exercises that do not inflict great pain
but only remind them to focus." 

"Oh?  I thought you were 6 when you first enduring the trials of cutting,
restraint, and stimulation of your sexual centers."  The voice replied amiably.

"But that was different!"  I replied.  "I had great power and already it was
becoming dangerous. I was an exception rather than the rule.  I understood at
least the importance of controlling my nature so as not to cause injury or
damage.  It was a rational choice for me."

"Ah, but what if suddenly all females had more power, developed at a younger
age.  Then what?  The sexual energy of females is a vast and mostly untapped
resource."

"But ... there must be other ways ... to ... what happened to Kat seems wrong
somehow ... "  I finally stammered, feeling a peculiar twisting sensation in my
own mind, losing track of my own reasoning process.

"You endured the same thing, though it is sanctioned by the Grey Order and
considered the natural course of events in your land.  What was different about
your experience and that of Kat's?"

"I ... knew I had powers .. I was tested.  I knew what that would mean and I
knew that the Grey Order dealt with that, that they have researched and
developed plans to deal with the wielding of the Arcane Arts .. "  I replied
helplessly, unable to fully express my distaste for what had been done to Kat.

"And Kat knew she had powers, was tested and that I could help her.  I too know
much about the Arcane Arts."

"But you didn't!  She came to us, clearly untrained and confused, and with no
control over her powers."  I retorted hotly.

"Ah, but that was because she was stolen from me before I could complete her
training.  So I ask you again, what is so different about your training and
Kat's, as you call her."

"You ... used your organs, stimulated sexual centers before she had developed
any!"

The voice laughed softly, "And that is not done at the Abby?"

"No!"  I replied, before reconsidering.  "I mean, yes, we do.  But it's
different.  It's different with the few like me, whose power manifests before
development."

"And you have yet to explain how it is different."  He reminded her.

"I don't know, but it is.  Or it isn't.  I'm not sure what you are asking any
more."

"That is because your cleric is calling you back from this place."

"But what of you?  What did you want of me?"  I asked, unwilling to go back
before I had my answers.

"I'll be here.  When you are ready, we will speak again."

I was suddenly wrenched most painfully back into my own physical body which was
convulsing from the discharge of energy.  I knew no more for several days.  This
seemed to be a new habit of mine.

My recovery was quick, and I was able to recall all that had transpired between
myself and the Blue Controller.  I related the entire exchange to Renzik as soon
as I was able and once Kat had been carefully enspelled for the evening.

"Blue Controller.  Quite interesting."  Renzik said after I had finished my
tale.  "This greatly complicates our training for Kat and presents me with
issues I must investigate.  We must ask Kat about the Blue Controller to see
what she can recall, though you have said that he has removed certain memories
from her?"

"Yes.  He did not explain why and only said that her training was incomplete
because she was taken from him.  But Renzik, the funny thing is that she does
have some control but perhaps the problem lies in communication?  Perhaps she
has learned different terms?  She seems to accept so much easily, more easily
than any other student I have encountered.  She does not balk at humiliation,
restraint, the requirement of enduring pain, pleasure.  There is much here we
are not seeing correctly."  I finally said, puzzled by every aspect of dealing
with Kat.  She was at once incredibly biddable, yet obviously not in control of
her powers.

"And where did she learn to cut herself like that?  In one segment of her
memories, she inflicted her own wounds with a knife.  That isn't something one
just does for amusement.  I suspect she was trying some exercise she only half
remembered, to focus, as she immediately felt quite needy after doing them."  I
added softly, letting those events play once more in my own mind.

"Yes, you could be right."  Renzik mused, standing so that he could pace the
room.

"We have a very powerful wild talent who has somehow been either partially
trained by an unknown wielder of Arcane Forces or has been pushed forward into
her powers quite early by the same wielder of Arcane Forces.  The fact that you
came into your powers early as well makes the point moot in that regard.  For
whatever reason, she came into her powers early, as you did, but was only
partially trained in unknown methods.  However, an interesting aside is if in
fact he used some catalyst to manifest her powers early.  That has been a
subject of much research and if in fact he has accomplished it, I would dearly
like to know how."  Renzik said softly.

I nodded, wondering again if the training for men differed than that of the
women.  I had learned nothing to indicate that it was any different.

"Renzik, was your training similar to mine?  It seems that training for males is
never discussed while training of females is on everyone's lips."

Renzik laughed.  "Yes, it is quite the same for the most part.  Because you are
a woman, and involved in the training of other women, you have heard only that
which affects you directly.  Had you chosen another vocation, you would of
course have learned other things.  However, I will say that the training of
women is much more difficult and intensive because their very essences are
stronger and more difficult to control.  Do men innately have more control? 
Probably.  And that only because we do not bear the burden of reproducing and
going through monthly cycles that affect our control of ourselves and our
powers."

"That makes a lot of sense.  I'm not sure why I asked that question.  Something
about my conversation with the Blue Controller has me questioning everything
I've ever done.  It is good to reflect on our paths so that we remain true to
our calling, but I am beginning to question some very fundamental ideas."  I
explained, not quite sure where my discomfort was coming from.

"What do you mean?"  Renzik asked raising a brow.

I shrugged, "I was upset for some reason I can not identify at how Kat was
treated by the Blue Controller at such a young age ... even though what I
experienced was quite similar.  Why should I feel that way?  I feel as if Kat
had been abused at his hands.  That no child of her age should be cut, have
erect organs forced into their mouths and bottoms, even if it is the general
practice to do so later on.  She was too young for what happened, she could not
understand.  Yet, I do not feel that way about how I was trained."  I admitted,
feeling quite helpless about my lack of reasoning.

Renzik nodded, moving to sit near me.  He took my hands in his and after what
seemed an eternity, spoke to me softly.

"Gabriella, I do not know why you feel as you do.  It is clear from what you
experienced of Kat's recollections that she too did not feel badly about what
the Blue Controller did.  She looked forward to it, it challenged her, she
welcomed it.  Your contention seems to be in the nature of second guessing those
feelings of hers and your own.  Do you not believe the evidence of your own
senses and experiences?  Do you attribute some higher authority with more
knowledge about your experiences than you yourself have?"  he asked gently.

I shook my head, "No .. I don't believe in some higher authority ... not in that
sense.  I do believe others have more knowledge of some subjects than I do of
course, but no ... I trust my perceptions, my reasoning.  I was not unhappy
about my experiences and clearly Kat was not either .. and yet, I'm feeling it
was wrong somehow.  That is not logical and yet, I cannot ignore this question
in my mind.  I must find the source of my dismay and soon as it is beginning to
consume more of my thought than I am comfortable with." 

"I suspect the answer is simpler than you might think.  You must recall that we
are different than many other people.  For whatever reasons, we are able to tap
into an energy store that we can control and fashion into that which we need,
that which makes our lives easier and more productive.  Not everyone has that
ability.  The difference lies in the fact that while a shoemaker can err, he can
affect only a pair of shoes.  Perhaps the shoes will not last as long as they
should, perhaps it will cause a pinching of someone's feet.  Whatever the
effect, it is a small one, one that is not dangerous.  However a first year
student of the Arcane Arts who errs, could kill another person quite easily. 
Therefore, while a shoemaker need not be trained to keep his shoes from killing,
a student of the Arcane Arts must have such training so that he does not do
injury or damage to any other."

"But are we using proper methods ... granted, it must be severe because of the
potential for damage and injury that could never be recovered ... we must hold
ourselves to our own standards and know that our actions have consequences ... " 
I sighed, getting dizzy again from my own seemingly circular reasoning.

"I don't know Renzik .. I find myself .. getting quite ... unfocused."  I
finally sighed.  I wanted to ask him to give me a lesson, something I had not
felt a need to do for quite some time but I was too embarrassed.

"Good night Renzik."  I said, suddenly too tired to sit up one moment longer.

I saw the question in his eyes, the worried frown but I waved him away and
retreated to my room.  Had I chosen otherwise ...

Well, that would interrupt my tale.  Suffice it to say that the next few days
were spent training Kat most earnestly.  She was a brilliant and willing
student!  We were amazed at her quick progress and acceptance of all the pain
and humiliation we needed to present her with.  However, each time we attempted
any pleasurable sensations, she blew another damper.  We were at a loss as to
how to progress in that area as we feared a buildup of unreleased sexual
tensions.  From my own training days, I knew how volatile those forces could
become if left unattended.

Renzik and I pondered that puzzle, as well as my own loss of control when
presented with Kat's arousal.

Renzik planned another experiment and all but doubled every protection spell and
damper we had.  He wished to try two series where Kat would cast a very low
order spell and measure that.  Then he would apply some form of pain and again
have her cast the same spell to measure it, and then, the most dangerous part,
apply some elements of pleasure and again have her cast the same spell and
measure it.  I was extremely nervous, but we had to move forward somehow.  Kat
was learning control to some small degree, but there was much we did not
understand about her powers and that was a dangerous situation to be in.

That morning began as usual with carefully waking Kat, cleaning her thoroughly
inside and out and then having her drink from my breasts while Renzik prepared
our lab.  We had begun to notice that Kat lost some control when drinking from
my breasts and so each meal had to begin with applying painful clamps to her
nipples, her clitoris and an anal phallus that would sting her delicate tissues. 
Pain seemed to be the way to control those random pulses of power that she could
not yet control.  It was clear that today was even more difficult for her and so
I removed her from my breast to apply the cane to the delicate folds of her
labia and across her nipples until welts covered those areas and tears flowed
from her eyes.  She hugged me tightly, thanking me for helping her.  I resumed
feeding her, feeling the warmth of the welts against me and under my hand as I
stroked her abused bottom.  She nursed hungrily, emptying my breasts in record
time and wanting more.  I was astonished as I normally produce more than enough
to fill her.  I bade her to continue suckling as that would ensure that the next
feeding would have more milk for her.

I again felt my mind getting disoriented as she continued to suckle and I seemed
to be reliving her memories of the Blue Controller.  I was astonished to feel my
throat thicken as if it were filled with a man's cock, my bottom on fire as it
was for whatever was done to Kat.  I wanted to warn Renzik of what was
occurring, but suddenly found myself once more on that odd astral plane that was
not the normal astral space.

"Still you can not see the truth?"  The Blue Controller's voice said directly
into her mind.

"What do you mean?"  I asked, confused as to why I was here this time.

"You have all the pieces and yet can not put together this puzzle."  The man
said patiently, in a fatherly tone.

"That is true." I admitted, wanting more than anything to understand what was
going on with both Kat and myself.

"Come with me, learn what you seek to know."  the man offered, his voice so
compelling and warm.

"Where will we go?"  I asked him, feeling very much like the young student now
rather than the accomplished practitioner I knew myself to be.

"To find the answers you seek. It is as important to me as it is to you to be
sure that Kat, as you now call her, finds balance in her power."

"But what are you?"  I insisted.

"I am Blue Controller."  The man said simply, suddenly shimmering into existence
before me.

I saw a tall, elderly man perhaps in his late 40's though his hair was already
graying.  He was a well made man, clad in rich cobalt blue robes.  His eyes
struck me immediately as being that of a kindly man.

"Did you imagine I would be an ogre?"  he chuckled, holding out his hand to me.

I could not help but extend my own hand to him, as if nothing in the world
mattered more than taking his hand.

When I did, I felt an incredible wrenching inside my own mind and body.  As if
turned inside out and back again.  I recall a sensation of falling far and long,
yet I did not fear my destination.

I did not know what happened then, but I then found myself in a stone room.  It
was warm, a blueish cast over everything and I was lying upon a small bed though
I was unable to move.  I saw that I was quite naked.

"There you are, little one."  Blue Controller said gently, coming to sit in the
chair by my bed.

"I am not a little one."  I retorted, feeling too comforted in being addressed
in that way.  My days of childhood were over and I was a grown woman, no longer
a little one though I sensed that a small part of me wished that I was still a
child.  I discarded that thought immediately, angry with myself for having it.

"Do not fight it, for that is what I have brought you here for."  The man said
gently.

"What do you mean?"  I asked in confusion.

"I am attempting something with you to further my own work and to give you
intimate understanding of what was done with Kat.  Time flows differently here
so you will not be overly missed."

"But Renzik will search for me!"

"Yes, he will.  But he will not find you.  It is important that you learn about
the nature of Kat and what is in your own nature.  I have searched far and wide
for someone like you and it is ironic that my own Kat led me to you."  the man
smiled, reaching out to caress my nipples, pulling at the small rings there.

"We will begin then."  he said, abruptly standing.

I had no idea what to expect, but I felt somewhat compelled to be patient.  Had
I been enspelled in some way I could not determine?

"From the beginning, as if you had never had any training at all."  The man said
with a small smile.

"But I have had training."  I replied indignantly.

The man smiled, "Then try and remember it now."

I taxed myself with the effort of recalling all I had learned.  I knew it to be
in my mind, and yet, I could not seem to remember the how of things.  I could
tell that in general, I knew of my magic and spells, but when I attempted to
recall specifics, I found that they eluded me.  Fear began to build in me -
without my magic, I was helpless and dead somewhere inside though I knew my
power was still there.

"Do not be alarmed.  It will be returned to you or modified of your own accord
should you so choose."

I tried to contain my fear at being powerless and therefore helpless before this
strange man with strange powers.

"As your training began, you had to recall your place and earn your humanity. So
it is with my training.  From this moment forth you will be unable to speak and
you will be treated as a pet until you demonstrate mastery of your reactions."

I could not believe that he could do this so easily, yet I found that I could
not speak and felt another odd twisting within my own mind that seemed to dull
certain aspects of my mind.  I found myself feeling comfortable upon my hands
and knees and followed the blue robed man into another room as if it were the
most natural thing in the world.  Mind you dear reader that at that moment, I
did not have the perspective of things being different - that is only in
retrospect.  At that particular moment it did not seem at all unusual that I was
upon hands and knees like a dog following this man.  I simply went, eager for
whatever would happen.

I was somehow held in position but did not fear it.  I felt something cover each
of my breasts and knew that he was taking milk from my breasts to keep up my
flow of milk.  Again, I know this now, but simply did not question or consider
the matter at the time.

A bowl was placed on the floor before me and I lapped at the white liquid
eagerly, feeling it somehow energize my body and became frisky, wanting to play
with my Master, for that is how my mind conceived of the Man.  He stroked me
gently and let me press myself against his leg which created pleasurable
sensations in my loins. 

The Man spoke to me, but I did not understand the words though the tone was
encouraging and so I pressed my sex against his leg more brazenly, enjoying the
sensations it produced as he began to stroke and pull at my nipples.  His hands
were warm and strong and I reveled in his touch as if my entire world began and
ended with his hands upon my body.  They roamed everywhere until I was in a
frenzy of desire, desperate for more touch, my body crying out in every way for
something though I knew not what.

I felt myself suddenly restrained by a spell, lifted into the air a bit so that
I was as if on a table, but accessible by Him in all ways.  My legs were spread
wide as I lay in the air, my knees suddenly drawn up to expose me further to his
gaze and his hands.  I felt his fingers within my womanhood and thrilled to his
touch.  I felt my own arousal building deeply, more deeply than I had ever
experienced it.  But still, this is all in retrospect - at the time, I was a
wanton creature who embraced and cared not about arousal, only knowing that it
felt wonderful and had no consequence other than my pleasure.

Welts suddenly appeared across my breasts and I know I cried a primal cry with
no words.  There was a burning pain in my womanhood, then my thighs, and again
my breasts yet through the searing pain that suddenly consumed my body, I also
felt a continuation of the pleasurable sensations deep within my womb and even
so in my aching nipples and breasts.  Each stroke across my breasts of this
invisible force forced a spray of milk from me that seemed to turn blue and
disappear in rainbow of colors.  I thought I was going mad, not seeing what was
really there. It must have been a trick of the light or of my own pain filled
mind.

Again I felt his warm hands roam over my body, welcoming the touch even as the
blows to my breasts and vulva continued.  My sexual organs were afire in pain,
the kiss of molten lava upon them yet his hands were pleasurable and somehow,
the center of my womanhood was stimulated and aroused, building within me
despite the pain.

It soon occurred to me that I was looking forward to each flash of intense pain
as it was always followed by intense pleasure.  I know now that this is
essentially different than I had been trained.  I had been trained to endure
pain so that I could retain focus while here I was enduring pain for the sake of
receiving pleasure.  Little did I understand the consequence of that.

Soon I was again on my hands and knees as if it were the most natural way for me
to be.  I was again milked though surely so much time could not have passed
already.  This time however, I was rudely and painfully violated in my bottom as
I was being milked and I remembered vaguely how Kat had had a huge phallus
penetrating her bottom as part of her training.  I screamed again as pain seared
through my loins even while my breasts continued feeling pleasure from the spell
milking them dry.  I was like a panting animal, awash in primal sensations of
pain and pleasure and soon enough I knew not the difference and arched my back
so that the phallus would move more deeply within me as milk continued to be
forced from my breasts.  I felt his hand at my womanhood and it became a pattern
of painful twisting of the huge phallus in my bottom and his soft caressing
touch upon my womanhood, his fingers entering my opening which was slick with my
own juices.  Again, I found myself surrendering to both the pleasure and pain,
looking forward to and eagerly anticipating both sensations as if they were
equal.

I do not know for how long this phase of my new training went on.  Each session
seemed different and it seemed I did not sleep, and could feel the dulling of
the mind that comes with such fatigue.  His every touch was both pain filled and
pleasure filled.  He had taken to milking my breasts with that spell but now
added more.  He would have me upon a table, watching the milk flow into a large
bowl while pushing needles through the thickened flesh of my well used nipples. 
Blood and milk flowed into the bowl, turning it all pink.  I eagerly drank it up
when it was always presented to me in a gleaming bowl.  Each such meal seemed to
energize me more and I looked forward to it after a time.

The beatings continued, as did the other tortures but always with the promise of
pleasure if I could control the pain and embrace it.  That was so easy to do
after a while.  My body must have been a mass of bruises and welts and many,
many needle holes in every part of my body but of course, spells healed me
quickly so that I could endure even more.  Once I had eagerly accepted the cane,
the paddle, needles, clamps, and more he began the work with fire which I feared
greatly. 

I recall when it began though I know not how much time had passed.  I was again
being milked and it seemed that each day I produced a greater volume of milk.  I
was made to drink most of it, but the Man had another female in the house now
and began to feed her the milk as well.  I could sense within her a power that
was nearly as intoxicating as Kat's had been.

She came to me, pressing her womanhood against me, nuzzling my breasts and
nuzzling my womanhood with her mouth.  This seemed entirely natural to me then,
and I returned her intimate gestures happily.  As we began to lose ourselves in
each other, I was suddenly held in a spell and the Man smiled, pressing his
thick fingers deeply within my womanhood.  He held a red hot metal rod in his
hand and pressed it to the flesh of my mound, just above my sexual center.  I
screamed in fear and panic but could not move.  The fear overcame me and I knew
no more.

This was repeated for many times as it seemed that I was to be made to overcome
my fear of fire upon my body.  Each time became more intense as he explored my
reactions and sought to control them.  It required much work on his part, many
spells spent on caning, piercing, introducing large and painful phalluses into
my openings.  One day, as I was totally filled, beaten, covered in blood from
the many needles piercing me he pressed his own manhood deeply into my mouth as
he picked up the red hot rod and pressed it against my breast.  I screamed once
more, but this time his manhood went so deeply into my throat that I was
silenced and began to choke around his large hard manhood.  As I tried to breath
I recall that I was mesmerized by the red hot rod moving to again press against
my mound, just above the center of my womanhood.  I began a scream and yet his
manhood was deep in my throat and as my throat convulsed around it, he ejected
his semen deep within me and I feared no more.  I watched as the rod burned my
flesh and as he withdrew his manhood, I sucked it more, content to have it
within my mouth.  He left it there, though it was spent and continued with the
red hot rod, pressing it against my flesh in several places leaving small burns
the size of small peas.

This was repeated again and again under differing circumstances and at the time,
it was of no interest to me other than in pleasing him and doing what he wanted. 
My rewards were intense, as were the corrections but slowly I learned new ways. 
When he was satisfied that I no longer knew the difference between pleasure and
pain, I was no longer made to be on my hands and knees so much and my voice was
given back to me, though I had little to say as my mind was still in a peculiar
state.

"I will now begin to teach you very rudimentary spells of the Blue School." He
informed me one day.  I knew that was somehow important and waited for the
lesson to begin, having not a thought in my head or question in my heart.

The other girl and I continued to pleasure each other and it always ended in a
new lesson in pain for me though I no longer considered it pain of course.  She
suckled now directly from my breast though I was also milked and drank that in
increasing amounts.  She too bore the many marks of training each day and it
seemed that we would learn spellwork together.

We were each made to kneel with our thighs widely spread upon a table so that
the Man was at eye level with our womanhood.  He laid out a tray of many needles
and put a kind of constriction around the base of the center of our womanhood so
that it stood erect and free of the prepuce, available to him. 

He bade us to recall three lines of text that would create a small effect of
light.  We each took turns reciting the lines while he pressed the needles into
the flesh of our erect center of womanhood while a spell stimulated the pleasure
within our nipples.  My light effect was dazzling as suddenly something became
clear in my own mind.  The intensity of sensation on my womanhood was
overwhelming yet I was able to control it and force it out through the words and
I believe even the Man was surprised at the result as the other girl's orb of
light was nowhere near as bright and big as mine.

My training intensified after that and slowly I became more and more aware of my
own mind and the forces that were within it that were new.  I had literally
forgotten of my time with Renzik and Kat, so intent was I on the training. 
Something within me just opened to the universe, though of course, at the time,
I did not know this.

I found new ways to increase the level of sensation, begged him to challenge me
with greater and greater abuses of my body.  He complied and I lived for his
smile, his nod of approval, the light in his eyes as he pressed his manhood
deeply within all my openings at various times.  Once I had accomplished the
simple spell, other Blue robed men joined in our training and it became even
more intense than it was before and time just seemed to roll together so that I
knew not the beginning nor the end, it all just flowed together as my own mind
made new leaps in unexpected directions under the tutelage of so many men.

I learned so many new ways of both pleasure and pain, joy and humiliation that
it was as if living in an entirely new world.  My every waking thought was
consumed with need for more cock in me, more bruises, more pain, more welts and
more burns.  Intense heat and cold applied to my every sexual center, every
manner of phallus covered in stinging and burning elements within me, what
seemed like gallons of semen within me.  Everything began to taste of man and
still I was fed upon my own milk which the other girl and the many men also
consumed.

My magic improved a hundred fold in both scope and intensity.

"So, you have learned what you sought to learn."  I heard in my mind, feeling
altogether different one day though the day began as it always had with my
milking, feeding and exercises in pleasure and pain though the other men were
now absent.

I recalled again who I was and what I had done before and a dizzying wave of
disorientation consumed me as I tried to reply.

"Yes, oh yes."  I cried out, realizing that I was being pulled back to my own
world and not wanting to go.  "No, no, .. please let me stay!"  I screamed.

Renzik was shaking me gently, cradling me in his arms.  "Gabriella?  Come back
to me."  he whispered softly as I was wrenched back into my own time and place.

"No, no!"  I screamed, "Let me go back!"  I begged.

Renzik held me tightly, dismayed at my reactions.  I felt confused and of two
warring conflicts within me.  I felt primal, suddenly squirming around in his
hold so that I could suckle his manhood.  When I found it with my mouth, I
quieted, content to take it into my mouth and let it grow hard, forcing my own
mouth deeply upon it until it choked and still I did not release it until Renzik
pulled my head away roughly.

I looked up at him, horrified at what I had done.  It was so unseemly at this
point, within the confines of our roles.  I should clarify for you dear reader
that when I was returned, my memories of both my past with Renzik and my time
with the Blue Controller were not clear.  I was primal, driven by urges and had
forgotten the details of my training, presumably as Kat was unaware of her own.

"Gabriella, please tell me what has happened."  Renzik said with a severe frown.

I tried to order my chaotic mind, but a fog seemed to impede my thoughts.

"I ... I was training.  Learning." I stammered hopelessly, still smelling
Renzik's own arousal and wanting very much to be taken by him.  I tried to
discard those thoughts and feelings.

"Please .. I need ... you .. "  I begged softly.

"In what way do you need me?"  Renzik asked softly.

"Every way ... "  I panted softly, squirming in his lap, hungering insanely for
his manhood again.

"You know this is forbidden us Gabriella."  Renzik reminded me sharply, slapping
my engorged womanhood hard.  "I believe you have completely lost control and I
will have to remedy that immediately."

I nodded, knowing it to be true.  Our entire training was to sublimate our
sexual nature to our magic.  To use pain to push sexual issues aside so that the
magic isn't skewed by overwhelming influences.

Again Renzik's spells immobilized me while he left to carefully enspell Kat so
that she would be undisturbed by my discipline.  It occurred to me that I had no
idea where Kat was, how much time had passed or whether I had actually been
missed.  So many questions as I was held immobile.

Renzik returned and prepared the cage pod and put me within.  I felt humiliated
again to be treated as a first year student yet recognized the necessity if not
the cause of my loss of control.  Pain flared within me as Renzik inserted the
phallic dampers into all of my openings and then the whip began to fall,
striking me everywhere and leaving bloody welts.  I howled even through the oral
phallus, unprepared for this level of pain despite knowing somewhere within me
that I had once endured much more.  I began to feel a sexual stirring within my
loins and concentrated on bringing them to life, despite knowing that I should
not.  I felt my vulva begin to swell in arousal and then my nipples crinkle and
tighten even as Renzik beat them so that milk sprayed forth in all directions. 
The flow of milk seemed to kindle in me even more arousal and I let it flow from
me, arching my back to press the phalluses deeper within me, welcoming each blow
of the whip now.

I seemed to explode and vaguely smelled smoke before drifting off to another
place in my own mind.

"Gabriella?"  Renzik's soft voice called me from afar.  "Gabriella?"  I felt his
arms around me, his voice filled with concern.

"Yes .. ?"  I managed to reply after a time.

"You blew ALL the dampers."  Renzik told me.

"All?"  I began to laugh though I knew not why.

I slept again, waking days later from what I am told.  I had sustained some
serious injuries as a result of losing control of my magic, despite the dampers. 
The entire Abbey was stunned by what had occurred as it was evident to most
everyone in the place that some serious magic had escaped.

I was held in a pod, the liquid keeping me immobile, dampers everywhere as if
they all feared I would lose control again.

"I need to run some tests on you Gabriella."  Renzik said softly, frowning in
concern.

"Tests?  What kind of tests?"  I asked, feeling giddy and gay now.

"You seem to have developed talents much like our Kat.  This is serious and the
entire Order is aghast at what has happened."  Renzik replied.  "I do not know
for how long I can keep them from taking your powers and those of Kat as well."

"What?!"  I exclaimed, stunned at the news.  "What happened?"  I asked,
wondering what occurred.

"You nearly destroyed the entire Abbey with your powers and burned out a dozen
dampers in one fell swoop."  Renzik informed her.  "Had I not had several
contingency spells in place, this place would be a ruin."  Renzik told me.  "You
have never before reacted to discipline in such a way.  No one has."

My mind was whirling, stunned at the news.  Of course that had never happened
before, it was impossible.  "But I was ... yes .. I remember now.  I had
transgressed and you put me in the cage pod .. and then .. something happened." 
I recalled suddenly, though again, events seemed disconnected and out of phase
somehow.  "But before that, what happened.  I recall getting ready to run a new
series of tests on Kat and then there is a gap in which I believe I went astral
for some time though I seem to have spoken with the Blue Robe."  I told him.

Renzik nodded, "You were gone for several hours just before we were to run the
tests on Kat which I believed to be a matter of unexpected business.  But when I
found you on your bed, you were out of your mind.  I immediately put you in a
testing pod and found very nearly the same readings we got from Kat.  Somehow
you have been contaminated with her kind of magic and you have lost all
control." Renzik informed her.

"But ... "  I tried to explain to him what I had discovered, only to realize
that I didn't know quite what it was I had discovered.  I recalled that I had
gone astral, and that I had met the Blue robed man again, but it felt as if a
dream and I could not grasp the essence of what had occurred.  "Renzik, I think
something happened that is very important.  You can not let them take my powers
from me!"

Renzik nodded, "I agree that something has happened, and I would hate to see you
lose your powers.  I have refused the council but they do expect to see some
positive result to our investigation within weeks.  Have you any idea of what
has transpired?"

Again I tried to place everything into the correct order, to recall what my mind
tried to keep hidden from me.  I slowly reconstructed what I knew from the
beginning.

"I was nursing Kat and began to feel disoriented.  No, not isn't right.  I mean,
Yes, I was nursing Kat but she was especially volatile and so I had to first
apply the clamps and then had to resort to a good caning.  She thanked me and I
continued to nurse her, noticing that she emptied my breasts so quickly and was
still hungry.  It was at that time I felt disoriented suddenly and again I was
in the astral plane, but not my normal space as the Blue Robed man spoke to me
again."  I told Renzik, still working to control my own memories.

"It seems to me that I spent time with him somehow, I experienced things but
suddenly was wrenched back here despite not being finished.  I recall you
speaking to me and then of having a quite primal urge to ... "  I was too
embarrassed to continue though I know Renzik knew exactly what I was talking
about.  To have accosted the head of the Abbey in such a way was simply so
inexcusable.  I continued my recollections.

"You rightfully sought to discipline me.  I recall being in the cage pod and you
beginning my punishment but I have no idea what happened other than that I felt
a huge amassing of power within me yet I was so far away, too far to control
it."  I concluded.

"Yes, it went right off the charts, burned out all the dampers and shook the
very foundation of the Abbey.  No small feat."  Renzik said.  "So, you
understand why I must test you now.  And you know of which test I speak."

I closed my eyes, understanding the inevitable had come.  I knew full well to
what he referred and panic stirred within me at having to endure such a thing
and with Renzik.

I knew this to be nearly the last resort before having my powers stripped from
me, the last step on that path, a last ditch effort to make sense of what was
happening.  It had only been used twice before in the history of the Abbey and
had both times led to the stripping of powers.  I shuddered.

Then, as I felt the liquid substance of the holding pod around me, it dawned on
me that perhaps they could NOT strip my powers from me.  I knew that no one
before me had ever demonstrated that level of power.  I smiled.

"Renzik, I do not believe I will allow myself to be tested, nor will I allow my
powers to be stripped from me."  I told him.

I barely caught his look of surprise at my words, but it was priceless.

"Excuse me?"  he asked softly, something menacing in his tone that I had never
before heard in his voice.  It chilled me briefly, but somehow, I understood
that I had the upper hand in this.

"I said that I do not believe you can run your test or strip my powers."  I
repeated softly, smiling again as I let myself relax into the pod and began to
test my theory.

I knew that the purpose of the pod was to fill my every opening with a
particular gel like potion that would emit certain signals based on changes in
my body chemistry or electrical signals from my brain.  It was also a kind of
dampening field which normally worked in conjunction with spells to keep any
magical energies neutralized.  It was how we kept Kat safe overnight.  I slowly
began to work a spell that would change one of the components of the gel and
make it inert.  I did not know if Renzik could see the change right away.

"Gabriella?!"  Renzik exclaimed, jumping up suddenly to cast a series of spells. 

I chuckled and kept working, totally neutralizing the gel and therefore whatever
readings they were getting from it.

Next I extended my mind to disturbing the forces of the pod itself, putting
pressure on the key stress points now that the gel was inactive.  My mind began
to get fuzzy as I attempted this and I renewed my efforts, trying to focus
again.  To no avail.  Puzzled, I turned my attention back to Renzik who suddenly
loomed over me and grasped me by the shoulders, pulling me from the pod roughly.

He kissed me roughly on the mouth, his hands moving to cup my naked breasts,
causing them to squirt more milk as he massaged them roughly.  I couldn't help
but return his kiss, my passion stirring within me so deeply that I was
momentarily overcome at his actions.  His robes parted, revealing to me his
manhood, hard and ready and he began to press it against me as we fell to the
floor in our passion.  My mouth immediately sought his manhood, eagerly
anticipating the warmth, hardness and taste in my mouth.  He did not deny me
this time, letting me take it deeply into my mouth and then plunging himself in
even harder until I was choking and gagging.  I tried to stop, but the feeling
of him inside my mouth, his hands plucking at my nipples, his other hand
reaching for my swollen loins was overpowering.  I heard myself moan like a
wanton whore from the brothels, spreading my legs wide for his touch and
devouring his manhood as best I could.  He withdrew suddenly and moved me so
that he could plunge into my womanhood while still gripping my breasts hard, so
that the milk kept leaking out.  He began to suck my nipple, drinking from me as
he plunged hard into me, ramming it in and out like a madman though it was
intoxicating to me. 

I was stunned at his passion and wondered at what he was doing as it was
expressly forbidden to both of us.  Soon however, I could not think as my
passion swept over me and I began to feel that building tingle I had not felt in
so long.  It was incredibly intense, as if the blood in my veins were energized
somehow, all my nerves afire in an intensely tingly way.  I felt a growing
pressure building in my womb, a delicious sharpness radiating out from the
center of my womanhood.  I reveled in the feeling as Renzik continued to suck
from my breasts and then kissing me with a mouthful of my own milk.  His hands
roamed my body, kneading my flesh as his manhood kept pounding in and out of me,
pressing upon some place deep inside that set my loins afire in new wave of
tingling and sharp tickling sensation.  I felt like a mindless animal, consumed
by the physical nature of my most base desires and passions.  I clung to him
desperately, wanting this moment to never end.  Suddenly everything welled up
within me, everything concentrating at the center of my womanhood, intense,
sharp, overwhelming sensation radiating in waves through my entire body.  I felt
myself convulse sharply and my muscles trembled and fought with my body, arcing
as wave after wave of climax washed over me until I knew no more.

So ends the tale written by Gabriella the Grey, and it is I, Renzik who now
finishes what she began as it is an important tale and deserves a proper ending. 
While Gabriella included more in her diary spell, I have left it as above for
the sake of clarity as her spell became quite garbled after she woke from her
passions.

Once Gabriella had succumbed to both my passion and my spells, I put her into a
deep stasis spell - I would have been unable to overcome her power had she not
been overcome by her climaxes as I knew she would be.  It had been a very long
time for her as Grey Training is demanding in that respect and years of pent up
sexual energy, no matter how it is allowed to be released by the rules of the
Order, does take its toll. 

Once in stasis, I was able to enspell her further, taking her back to her days
of youth so that I could bring her forward undamaged and with full understanding
of what she had experienced with the Blue Controller.  During my exploration of
her mind using spells of my own making, I was able to discover some of what
Gabriella had experienced and what she learned from the Blue Controller.  Once
he was aware of me in her mind, we began to speak and ultimately came to
agreement on a great many issues.  What he discovered will forever change the
face of magic on our world and I have welcomed him and his disciples into our
Order though the nature of their magic is secret from the council.  They would
fear such men, even while I embrace them for their knowledge.

He helped me to take Gabriella back to the mind of a young girl so that we could
more carefully shape her path and embrace more fully the power of this new magic
as well as develop her control more carefully so that she can never misuse it
again.  Kat too has been taken back thusly.  He and I are both bringing the
girls forward slowly, gently, and with great discipline.

Gabriella woke slowly feeling all warm and comfortable in a small bed, wrapped
tightly in soft blankets.  Next to her was another bed where a girl slept. 

"Hello?"  she called out, wondering where she was.

"Why hello there little one."  A kindly male voice said.  Gabriella turned her
head to see a middle-aged man walking into the room, followed by a slightly
older man.  Both wore Blue robes and looked quite elegant to her eyes.

"Who are you?"  Gabriella asked the men.

"I am Renzik and this is Randolph."  The younger of the two men said.  "I'm in
some ways your father for now as you have none and I've decided to raise you as
my own, just as Randolph will be raising that girl whose name is Kat.  She'll be
your sister and you two can play and learn together."  Renzik said to the girl.

"Oh goody!"  Gabriella exclaimed in delight.  "That sounds like lots of fun."

"What sounds like lots of fun?"  the other girl's voice demanded.  Randolph
turned to her and smiled, "Well hello little one."

Gabriella giggled, "Kat, this is going to be fun.  We're sisters and we can play
together.  They said so."

Kat grinned, "Oh!"  she squealed, jumping out of her bed.  Her naked body
gleamed and it never dawned on her that she would need clothing.

Gabriella got out of bed as well, hugging her new sister.  They compared their
bodies, frowning.  "Hmmm, you boobies are bigger than mine."  Kat pouted.

"Well, your tickle button is bigger than mine."  Gabriella said, leaning down to
tug on Kat's rather prominent clitoris.  Kat giggled and tried to pull
Gabriella's though she danced away to duck under Renzik's robe.  She immediately
found his manhood and knew that it would be good to suck on.  He clasped his
hands around her head and held it while he forced his erect manhood more deeply
into her mouth.  Randolph beckoned Kat to try what Gabriella was doing and soon
both girls were happily sucking huge erections under the direction of the men.

The men smiled at each other and carefully moved to sit on the bed and instruct
the girls on the finer points of sucking cock.

Renzik reached out and toyed with Gabriella's breasts though her nipples were a
good size already from their training.  She would fill out nicely once she began
her real training.  He began to pinch her nipples harder and then picked up a
cane from the foot of the bed just as Randolph did the same.

Renzik began to strike Gabriella's upturned bottom with the cane, leaving faint
red welts.  She cried out, but he silenced her by forcing his cock deeper into
her throat until she choked and gagged.  She tried to avoid the blows, but he
held her in place with his strong legs and landed several more strokes before
changing tempo and softly caressing her very sensitive nipples.  After several
cycles of this, she was arching her back, offering her bottom up for more cane
strokes and he increased the intensity of blows until he was leaving welts on
her bottom as she choked and gagged on his cock, her nipples sending entirely
different messages to her brain.  She no longer avoided the blows, her body
language clearly indicating that she welcomed them. Had she been able to speak,
she would have been begging for more as her nipples continued to feel nothing
but intense pleasure.  Gabriella soon shuddered in an intense climax, her body
shaking and trembling as it overcame her.

Kat had mirrored Gabriella's reactions and shortly after Gabriella climaxed, so
did she.

Both men smiled, loving the feel of climaxing into the girl's throats as their
throats convulsed around the head of their cocks.  They were coming along quite
nicely.

The girls panted and heaved, trying to catch their breath but with happy smiles
on their faces.  They loved this more than anything even if they didn't remember
previous occasions during the earlier part of their training.  From this moment
forth, they would remember, learn and be trained as they each should have been
from the beginning.

"Good girl, you did an excellent job."  Renzik said, cuddling Gabriella and
lightly stroking her still throbbing vulva.

Gabriella grinned, "It was yummy and fun.  I wanna do more!"  she exclaimed.

"You will dear, you will.  And you'll do a lot of other fun things too."  Renzik
assured her.

"It isn't all going to be fun and games like this though.  There will be hard
work too."  Renzik said, tracing the lines of the welts with his fingers.

Gabriella giggled, "That tickles!"

"It's supposed to tickle.  I'm healing them."  Renzik chuckled.

"Oh!  But I want to have them for a while."  Gabriella pouted.

"Why?"  Renzik asked in surprise.

"Because they feel all nice and warm and tingly.  It reminds me that you did
them and I can remember that for a while."  Gabriella explained.  "If you leave
them I'll think of you even when I don't see you ... well, until you give me
more."  She grinned.

"That's an interesting point.  Okay, I'll stop healing them and give you back
what I just took away, okay?"  Renzik said.

Gabriella nodded, "Yes!"

"Okay then, on the bed, on your back but with your legs up.  I'll do them on
your thighs so I can still tickle your tickle button."  Renzik said, holding her
legs up and back with his arm while using his fingers to stimulate her quite
aroused vulva, paying attention to her clitoris.  He then readied the cane with
his other hand and once she was sufficiently aroused, began to land hard blows
on the backs of her thighs and on her bottom.  She squealed, needing a moment to
absorb the pain before letting it blend with the pleasure from her clitoris. 
Soon enough she found the balance and welcomed all the strokes eagerly, humping
her hips lewdly against his fingers and moaning loudly before climaxing all over
again.  By then he had landed over 50 strokes with the cane, many of them with
tiny beads of blood welling at the surface.

"Good girl!"  Renzik said approvingly.  "And I won't heal them either.  Now come
sit on my lap so I can feel your hot little bottom against me."

Gabriella grinned and climbed into his lap, wiggling her bottom onto his
partially erect member, so that it rested between her cheeks and lightly rubbed
her still engorged and quite wet vulva.  She began to rock her hips, loving the
feel of his cock rubbing against her.  He began to toy with her nipples,
pinching them hard and pulling them out to stretch them.

"So, it's time to begin your lessons Gabriella.  Time to learn some control and
discipline so you can learn magic."  Renzik told her.

"Magic?"  Gabriella asked in surprise.  "I can learn to do magic?"  she asked in
disbelief.

"You certainly can and you will.  I suspect you'll be quite good at it."  Renzik
said with a chuckle, knowing that only a month ago she had been the most
powerful Grey Practitioner on the planet.  If the spells worked correctly,
within two years she would be again, only twice as powerful as before and
totally controlled by him so that she could never again pose a danger to anyone.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Dr. Wingate


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





