BDSM Library - Never Trust A Friend




Never Trust A Friend
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Two friends discover they have bizarre desires. This is a violent story of heterosexual as well as homosexual sado/masochistic lust as two friends discover they are sexually compatible, but fear keeps them apart until his wife and daughter encourage him to make the ultimate commitment.
Never Trust A Friend

Copyright 2003
by
Marion



Exposition
Dave's Dilemma


Dave Martin and Doctor Delbert "Del" Peterson met every morning at the Y for the
past two years and established a ritual of working out together, spending a few
minutes relaxing in the whirlpool and after a shower enjoying a cup of coffee
and a bagel in the lounge. Dave owned his own advertising agency, while Del was
a successful, prominent gynecologist, heading his own clinic. Both men were in
the forties and in excellent shape, however Dave stood six foot three and Del
was five foot four. They joked that they were the Mutt and Jeff team at the Y.
Other than working out together and a few rounds of golf each year they did not
socialize, but that did not impact their friendship.

Dave projected the image of pure masculinity with his imposing stature. He had a
perfect triangular patch of chest hair that tapered down into his groin, had to
shave twice a day due to his beard growth and wavy salt and pepper hair. Del on
the other hand, was slightly built, with smooth skin and a virtually hairless
body. He was showing signs of male pattern baldness. He would joke that he could
go two or three days without shaving and no one would notice.

The two men met one morning two years ago when one of the bullies at the Y was
poking fun at Del because of effeminate looks and behavior. The teasing evolved
into an argument and ultimately a fight. Dave intervened, knocked the bully on
his ass and the friendship between the two evolved.

Dave never asked or questioned Del's masculinity, even though he knew there was
some joking going on, especially in the locker room about their sexual
relationship. Besides, Dave had desires, which he did not wish to make public.
Del admired Dave for his unbiased friendship, even though they did joke about it
between the two of them. Dave would joke that it was Del's cute ass that must be
turning the other guys on and that he had to learn to stop showing it off around
the locker room. Del contended that it was Dave's cock that the guys were after.
He would joke that Dave should wear his jock strap into the shower so the closet
queers wouldn't be so jealous of the two of them.

In truth, Del did appear quite effeminate in his walk, mannerisms and talk,
while Dave had a prize cock that was a good six inches long when limp, and he
was quite proud of it.

Few people asked or knew that both men were married. Dave had two sons: one 18
and one 16, while Del had a daughter who had just turned sixteen.

On this particular morning Dave seemed down and depressed as the two shared
their post workout cup of coffee in the lounge of the Y.

"Problems at home?" Del asked.

Dave toyed with his bagel and stared off into space. Feigning a smile. "We've
been friends for how long now? Year and a half, two years?"

"Just over two years." Del responded.

Dave pushed his bagel around the small plate, spinning it like a top. "It's this
gay thing."

Del swallowed the hard lump that instantly appeared in his throat. "Yeah?"

"I think we should talk about it."

"Okay." Del responded with a great deal of trepidation.

"I know you're married, but, have you ever, you know.."

"Been to bed with a man?"

Dave nodded yes and looked off into the distance.

"Is it important?" Del asked.

"Look. I'm a happily married man or at least reasonable happy. Shit this is hard
for me."

Attempting to make light of Dave's dilemma Del responded: "Do you think I'm
hot?"

Dave smiled. "I guess that's one way of putting it. I like your, well, you..."

Del leaned forward across the table and whispered: "You're kind of hot
yourself!"

Dave smiled. "I just find myself having sex with my wife and all of a sudden I
realize my mind is adrift and I'm screwing you! I go out to my farm and do some
hard physical work just to stop thinking about it."

"Farm?"

"Yeah, I've got a place in the country where I do some filming, for the agency,
and get to    do some physical labor, you know?"

Del shifted his chair around the corner of the table so that they were sitting
at a ninety-degree angle to each other rather than talking across the table.
"Truth?"

Dave looked at him and nodded yes before saying the word. "Yes."

"I got married out of med school. Sex with a woman was hard for me, but I was
lucky as hell in that I found a woman who understood. She got pregnant right
away. I'm a potent fuck!" He laughed and Dave responded with a broad smile.
"Anyway, I found it more and more difficult to get it up with her, especially
after we had our daughter. I told her about my feelings and I'll be damned if
she didn't understand. I offered her a divorce, but she suggested that she had,
what one might call different desires and that maybe I could find release
pursuing an alternative sexual lifestyle. We tried it and now I get my rocks!"

"So, you're sleeping with guys and she doesn't care?"

"No. She understands."

"Well, it's nice to know there are other kinky families in the world."

"How do you mean?" Del asked.

"Just between the two of us right? I mean it! You breathe a word of this and
even though we're friends I'll kick your ass good!"

"Of course! Shit what do you take me for? Shit I just told you I was queer and I
don't fuck my old lady, can you top that?"

"I think so. My wife and I don't do much what you might call, regular sex. We
like bondage and discipline and we're a little into S/m. So are the boys. Figure
it is in the genes, you know. They have had some narrow scrapes with the law,
but we learn by our mistakes, don't we? They take our dates or should I say
victims, out to the farm and video tape them as they fuck with them. A little
blackmail keeps their sluts mouths shut! House full of sadist!" He chuckled.

"Interesting! I'd like to follow up on this, maybe we should continue this
conversation somewhere more private?" Del suggested.

"Okay."

"Why don't you follow me over to my office? It's Monday and that is paperwork
day for me, no patients. Just my secretary and my nurse will be there."

Dave nodded in agreement.


Chapter One
A Taste Of The Future

Dave pulled his Escalade into Peterson's ObGyn Clinic right behind Del's
Navigator. They went to the back of the luxurious building set back from the
street in a park like setting, surrounded by Russian Olive and Weeping Willow
trees. It was only 7:45 in the morning so the car lot was empty and only one
other car was parked in the back other than Dave and Del's. It was a Mercedes
SL. Del opened the door to the clinic and led Dave down a carpeted hallway,
lined with what appeared to be expensive art pieces, high lighted by indirect
lighting. After turning the corner in the hallway they came upon a nurses
station. There were two nurses behind the counter working. Both were on
computers.

"Morning girls!" He greeted them.

 "Morning Doctor." Came the response almost in unison.

"Janice and Sissy." Del spoke to the nurses.

"Yes Doctor?" Came the response in unison.

"This is Dave Martin, a friend of mine. Janice, would you mind getting us a
couple cups of coffee and bring them to my office?"

"Of course not Doctor. The doctor has spoke of you often, it is a pleasure to
meet you sir."

"Thank you. My pleasure." Dave responded. "Janice, is it?"

"Yes sir. I'll be right in with the coffee sir."

Dave couldn't help but notice that she wasn't wearing tennis or walking shoes
like most nurses, but rather was wearing white, extremely high-heeled pumps, as
was the other nurse who appeared to be no more than 18 or 19.

"You've talked to her about me?" Dave asked as the two men continued on down the
hallway.

"You're a friend and she knows we work out together every morning."

Del led Dave to a large luxurious office decorated with a huge desk, leather
upholstered sofa and chairs and floor to ceiling bookcases. The one thing out of
place was an ObGyn bench placed at an angle to one corner of the room. As Del
flipped on the lights, the soft glow of table lamps and indirect lighting
caressed the deep mahogany wood in the room and the deep green leather chairs
and sofa. Del laughed, flipping another switch several bright surgical lights
flooded the ObGyn table. "For very private vaginal diagnosing!"  He flipped the
bright lights off and sat down behind his desk. "Welcome to my escape from the
world."

"Pretty cushy!" Dave responded. "You must be doing quite well."

"Netted a million two last year, just from looking at pussies! I manage to get
by!" He smiled as he put his feet on his desk. "Sit down, sit down and relax."

"So," Dave inquired, "Where did we leave off?"

"Alternative sex, I believe." Del said with a smile.

"Yeah, well, most people think alternative sex mens gay versus straight." Dave
said sitting opposite Del in a large leather armchair.

"I guess there must be more than one alternative, don't you?"

"Yeah, you know it. Tell me about yours."

"Well, my being gay is just one part of it and if the world ever found out I'd
be ruined."

"Understand."

"This may sound sicker than shit to you, but it works for me. I'm a little
hesitant to get into it for fear of jeopardizing our friendship, but I do have
feelings that I think you should be aware of."

"I kind of like sick shit. Don't worry about it."

"You ever heard of Projection?"

Dave shook his head no.

"Well you project into others what you are yourself, even though you may not
know it, or if you know it you refuse to acknowledge it. Now comes the hard
part. I know I'm gay and I'm not just gay, I'm what is called a sub or
submissive gay. In short I'm into deep masochistic desires. At the same time,
I'm scared shitless of coming out of the closet for fear I'll get what I
fantasize I want."

"And you want?" Dave asked getting intrigued and someone aroused.

"To be dominated! I mean completely dominated by a cruel sadistic master who
doesn't give a shit if I live or die! To be sexually humiliated in public and
especially in front of people I know and who respect me.  To be forced to endure
incredible pain and suffering and then thank my tormentor! Christ, that fight
you broke up the day we met? At first I hated your ass for interfering! I loved
that fucking beating and the public humiliation so much I came home from the gym
and jacked-off over the name calling wishing they had gone further with their
verbal abuse!"

"Shit! Sorry, I guess." He chuckled. "So that's projection?"

"No. You see, as sick as it may sound, I can't get it on with a woman unless she
is enduring the punishment and humiliation that I know I desire. So, lucky for
me, I found that my wife and other women are into pain and humiliation. They dig
it! If I am beating a woman or humiliating her, I get one hell of a hard-on and
can enjoy a great orgasm. Same thing happens when I watch someone else being
brutal with a woman either live or on film. I project into them what I am!"

"So you abuse women?"

"Only those I know who love it as much as I do! Janice, the nurse you just met,
and Sissy my secretary, they love pain and humiliation more than I enjoy
inflicting it. You'll see, she'll be here in a minute or two."

"And you do this projection because..."?

"Because I'm a fucking coward. I want my money and my reputation and I'm scared
shitless if the world finds out who I am I'll lose it all!"

"Consenting adults? Can't you find some guy who will give you what you want in
private without the world finding out?" Dave asked. His groin muscles were
contracting in excitement as he felt wetness in his shorts.

"That's one of the reasons I suggested we come over here this morning. When you
were talking about you and your farm, Jesus, I thought I was going to cum in my
pants! What I really want, no, need,  is a violence inflicted on me and a
humiliation that couldn't remain a secret in a relationship. I get so fucking
hot thinking of loving and worshipping this sadistic monster who publicly
destroys me while taking me to the depths of masochistic ecstasy! Shit, look!"
He stood up and showed Dave the bulge in his slacks. "I'm getting hot just
thinking and talking about it!"

Dave swallowed and thought a moment before responding. "Well, I've got to tell
you I am feeling much the same way. Hell, I've got a hard-on right now! First
wife divorced me because of abuse, but this second one is something else. She
loves to dish it out, but refuses to go passive for me. Both the boys love
serving their step-mom as a mistress. Hell if it wasn't for school they'd live
on the farm chained in the stables and be happy as shit!"

He continued: " I don't think it's this projection; it's just that I have this
power thing. I have this need to be dominant! Both of my boys go both ways, but
the wife, like me doesn't go sub. One of the boys was charged with rape, but I
got him off because we proved she was a slut and the other is looking for
trouble cause he loves to beat up women.  And, being completely honest, I don't
mean to scare you, but that's how I fantasized about you! Back at the Y I joked
about butt fucking you, but I got to tell you, I've got this deep seated anger
and lust burning in me, I don't know why, maybe subconsciously I could tell you
are a masochist, but I get off thinking of making you beg for mercy and hearing
you scream! I'm sorry, but I just feel, based on what we have said thus far I
can be competely honest with you! Is that all right?"

"Shit, it's Serendipitous!" Del responded. Dave could see Del's right hand
moving and he guessed he was massaging his cock! If he hadn't been sitting in
the open part of the room he would have been doing the same thing.

"What ever it is, it sure as hell is getting hot in this office." Dave said with
a smile.

"I wish I wasn't so frightened of committing myself. I would love to at least
try to submit to a handsome guy like you, but I'm afraid it would be like trying
cocaine. I'd be hooked and I'd ask, maybe beg, you to take me places that are
far too scary for either of us."

There was a knock on the doctor's door.

"Come in." Del spoke with an unusual firmness.

The door opened and Janice entered carrying a chrome plated coffee pot, a sugar
bowl, a bowl filled with artificial sweeteners, a crystal cup of cream and two
coffee mugs. She walked in those high heels like a model who had worn them for
years. "Doctor."

"Thank you Janice." Del spoke cordially at first. "Janice, as I indicated
earlier, Dave here is a friend of mine and he has a problem."

She poured each of them a cup of coffee. "Oh I'm sorry sir, I hope we may be of
assistance." She was a beautiful woman and Dave couldn't help but wonder if Del
was ever capable of fucking her. Anyone with an drop of heterosexual desires
would give up a nut to spend a night with this woman!"

"Dave is bi-sexual and right now he needs a piece of ass real bad."

Dave was shocked at the conversation. "Del?"

"The nurse interjected. "It's all right sir. I can appreciate the terrible
pressures that build up in men's groins. I believe women have an obligation to
help men relieve that pressure. It's a shame, but too many women think they are
equal to men, when God created women to be receptacles for their seeds, whether
for procreation or pleasure."

"I'd like you to help my friend! You should know Janice that he told me he has a
tendency towards violence, but I assured him you like rough men!"

Dave was dumbfounded at this conversation and what Del was revealing about his
personal life to this stranger.

"With pleasure sir! How may I help? And please know, you may be as rough as is
necessary for you to achieve the gratification that you desire!"

"Open your smock?" Del instructed in a rather matter of fact tone of voice.
"Show my friend a woman who knows how to please."

"Yes sir."

Dave's jaw dropped as Janice pulled the zipper down on her starched white smock.
She was completely naked underneath except for a white garter belt holding up
her white nylons! Now he understood why she was wearing high heels. She had a
pair of legs that wouldn't stop, especially in those high heels.

"What the fuck? Does she always dress like this?"

Del acknowledged Dave's shock with a smile and a nod. Then he turned back to
Janice. "Pull the smock open wide so my friend can see your breasts."

Dave had to catch his breath and couldn't speak if he had to as he saw the
nurse's breasts. The breasts were full and firm, but from the aureole to the
tips of the nipples they had been distended and the nipples protruded at least
an inch or more!

"My God! Are they natural?"

Del chuckled. "Well they are real but we reshaped them a little didn't we
Janice?"

"Yes sir. We're hoping to distend the nipples even further!"

"I have an electric pump that sucks on her tits every morning like a milking
machine. Do you like them?"

"Jesus!" They're...they're..."

"I hope you like them Mr. Martin?"

"Ah, yeah, they're beautiful! I've never seen anything like them before." Dave
was confused. He found them freakish, but incredibly erotic!

"Tell Dave why we are stretching your nipples Janice."

"Because it pleases Doctor Peterson and therefore it pleases me!"

"Some nurse!" Dave interjected.

"Mr. Martin, you should also know that I am good nurse, but in case Doctor
Peterson hasn't informed you, I am also a pain slut! If hurting me or my
breasts, or any part of my body, will relieve any of the pressure and
frustration in your scrotum, please know I am available to service your needs."

"Is she serious?" He asked of Del.

Del chuckled. "Of course she is. Like she said, she's a pain slut."

"I know it sounds unusual Mr. Martin, but I love to have my body punished. It
excites me when a man finds pleasure and release by hurting me! Besides, more
often than not, I deserve to be punished. 

"And do you deserve to be punished this morning?" Del asked.

"Yes Doctor. I have had dirty thoughts all ready this morning and I have not
totally obedient the way I should be."

"And when do you deserve punishment?"

"Whenever you say so sir."

"What did you do this morning to deserve punishment?"

Dave could see tears welling up in the embarrassed woman's eyes. He was
transfixed by
what he was witnessing. She bowed her head and sunk to her knees. "Sir, when I
went pee this morning sir, I...I wiped my filthy clit more than once, just
because it felt good! I also had obscene fantasies of having sex with another
woman! And, contrary to your orders sir, I pinched my nipples without
permission, like the lust filled whore that I truly am. I'm sorry sir and I beg
you to tell me how I may do my penance!"

"You fucking slut!" Del rose from his chair, visibly angry and crossed to the
kneeling woman. With his forehand and backhand he slapped her across the face
several times!

Dave felt a moral compulsion to step up to the ladies defense, but refrained
from doing so because in the back of his mind he knew this was the reason he was
brought here this morning. This was Projection in living color!  Additionally,
he knew his cock was getting hard witnessing her humiliation.

Tears rolled down Janice's face. "I'm so sorry sir! I know I'm a filthy slut,
but I couldn't help myself. It felt so good!"

"Take off that smock and show my friend your ugly cunt and your fat ass!"

She let it fall to the floor exposing her nakedness to Dave. As she turned
around Dave couldn't believe what he saw. Her ass, back and upper thighs were
crisscrossed with welts and there appeared to be welts on her shaved vulva! His
groin muscles contracted with erotic excitement, but the thing that truly turned
him on was her legs. They were long and beautifully shaped, and the coup de
grace was that her upper thighs did not touch. There was considerable space
between her thighs and he could see her vulva and the labia hanging down from
her cunt! His hand touched his crotch in excitement.

"Jesus Del! Did you whip her?"

"Answer the man! Did I put those welts on your ass?"

"Master uses a cane sir! It's a beautiful bamboo cane. My body is his canvass
and he this is his work! Beautiful isn't it? "

"And why did I do that?"

"Because I deserved it sir and because it pleases you." Turning to Dave she
added. "Don't think ill of Doctor Peterson sir! Like I said sir, I'm a slut, I'm
ugly, I have dirty thoughts about sex and I am privileged that Doctor Peterson
tolerates a worthless piece of shit like me!" She turned back to Del.  "I need
to be punished now sir! I've confessed my sins and I need contrition and painful
penance!"

"Where is your cane?"

"There sir, in the corner." She pointed to the corner next to his credenza.

"Well you lazy fuck, go get it and bring it to my friend."

The naked woman ran to the corner in her high heels, retrieved the bamboo cane
and handed it to Dave. Her legs were so fucking long and gorgeous and he found
it hard to take his eyes off her labia hanging freely in the open space between
her thighs!

Del instructed her: "Kiss the cane and beg Mr. Martin to inflict harsh
punishment on your sorry ass!"

She bent towards the cane and kissed it. Then looking up at Dave, tears welling
in her eyes: "Hard sir, please give me the beating I deserve."

Holding the bamboo cane Dave rebelled. "No! No, I can't Del! I can't do this!"

"Of course you can! You're not doing anything she doesn't want or need. She is
contrite and needs to do penance for being a filthy fucking slut! You heard her.
She played with herself without permission, right Janice? Besides, based on our
conversation of just a couple of minutes ago, I wouldn't think it would be too
hard for you! A beating is her penance!"

"Yes sir!" Turning to Dave, "Please sir, beat me! I know what I did was wrong
and I did it anyway! I broke the rules and I must be punished! Please sir!
Please! You can do it sir. Please hit me hard, make me suffer!"

Tapping the bamboo cane against the palm of his hand, "Jesus! This is going to
hurt!"

Del chuckled. "Of course it is, that's the purpose! Janice, bend over the end of
the bench and spread your legs so my friend can take care of you properly!"

"Yes sir." She went to the corner of the room where the ObGyn bench was and
leaned face down on the bench, obediently spreading her legs as wide as possible
and then grabbing the sides of the cheeks of her ass she spread her butt. Del
turned on the medical inspection lamps that drowned her flesh in light. Dave
could see the brown button of her rectum as well as the swollen lips of her
labia between her legs! He was getting so hot he wanted to fucking scream!

"She's spreading her cheeks because she knows I like to give her a couple of
good whacks right on her anus! Screams like a fucking hyena! Real turn on, but
you take your licks wherever you like!"

 God she was so fucking submissive and so fucking sexy! He tapped the hard
bamboo against his palm. God he was really going to hurt her!

"After the first couple it gets easy and you'll be amazed at how good it will
feel!" Del promised.

Reluctantly Dave raised the cane and brought it down on Janice's scared ass. It
was more of a tap than a real swat.

"For Christ sake, Dave, hit her! Beat the shit out of her! You need to do this
buddy. I promise you, you won't regret it and like she said, she knows she needs
it and so do you!"

"I...I...I'm not sure...Nurse, just hold on to the table, I don't want to hit
your hands." She responded and held on to the sides of the table leaving her
firm rounded ass vulnerable to the cane. Dave was confused, but he felt his
teeth gritting and there was an unusual fire igniting in his groin!

Del shouted. "Hey man, I'm doing this for you! Hit the fucking cunt! Pretend
she's that bitch you've got at home and let her fucking have it!"

"Projection?"

Del nodded with a smile, grabbing himself in the groin.

Dave drew back, closed his eyes and sent the cane smashing into Janice's tender
flesh!

She screamed and he froze. What the fuck was he doing?

"Harder man! She loves to scream and it's a great turn on! Come on, hit her with
all you've got! Pretend it's your wife man! Hit the bitch!" Del had unzipped his
fly and was stroking himself inside his trousers. "Common, hit her! God I get
hot when she gets whipped! Fuck with her man! Put some real fucking welts on the
slut!"

"Nancy, Nancy! NANCY! NANCY!." Dave said to himself in a whisper and then
repeated it into a normal tone and finally shouting: "Yes, it's Nancy! That
fucking selfish cunt Nancy! That teasing, mother fucking slut Nancy! You cunt!
Fucking counselor shit! This is what you need you bitch! You fucking bitch!" He
drew back and hit her again. Again and again! Harder and harder he brought the
cane down on Janice's flesh! She was screaming and crying now with each blow!
Dave was surprised at his own reaction to beating this bitch! Jesus it felt so
fucking good!

"Yes! Yes! Hit her! Beat her!" Del was screaming as he removed his swollen cock
and was beating his meat in front of Dave! "Kill the fucking slut! Cut her
flesh! Cut her! Yes! Harder! For Christ's sake, hit her harder, make her sorry
ass bleed!"

The nurse's ass was bright red and Dave could see her entire body trembling. The
site of this submissive bitch sobbing and begging for repentance fed his lust
and he could feel his erection pushing at his boxer shorts and slacks! He took
aim and lowered his blows down onto her white thighs! "You cunt!" He was hitting
Janice but in his mind it was his wife, Nancy. "You refuse me you mother fucking
whore! I'll teach you fucking slut! Fuck you! Fuck you!"

"That's it Dave! That's it! Give it to her! Break her mother fucking legs!" Del
had undone his slacks and let them fall to the floor as he leaned back against
the wall and furiously masturbated his erect cock!

Janice's hands were hanging on tightly to the bench, but as blood started to
trickle from her wounds, she slowly began to sink to the floor as her knees gave
way and could no longer support her! She was moaning and crying and gasping for
breath!

Dave was sweating and his cock was so hard it hurt! Jesus he wanted to cum so
fucking bad! He had just met this bitch and he hated her! Christ he wanted to
kill the cunt! The cane landed on her back cutting new welts across the canvass
of her flesh! "Get up cunt! Get up! You're just starting to bleed you Bitch! I'm
going to make you really fucking bleed so you've really got something to whine
about! Get Up! Take your mother fucking punishment you mother fucking bitch!"
His arms ached and his mouth was dry and his cock had never been so painfully
hard! The backs of her thighs were bleeding which made him insane with lust!
Finally, she crumbled to the floor sobbing. Dave cursed her and brought the
bamboo cane down upon her naked back several more times before stopping. He had
to cum! He needed an orgasm. Exhausted, Dave let the cane drop from his hands as
he reached inside his slacks and began to stroke himself!

"Oh Christ! Oh God forgive me, I'm so fucking hot! I got to fucking cum! Can I
fuck her? Can I fuck her Del? I wanna fuck the shit out of her!"

Del had ripped open his shirt and was pinching his nipples as he furiously
pumped his cock! "Of course man! Give it to her! She's yours. She's a piece of
fuck meat! That's all she is! Raw fuck meat! Give it to her man! Let me see you
fuck the shit out her!"

Dave undid his belt and slacks, letting them fall into a puddle of material at
his feet as he ripped his shirt off and kicked off his shoes. He was naked, raw
and hungry for revenge! He wanted to rip this bitch a new cunt! She was too
fucking beautiful! She needed to be taken down and taught a fucking lesson!
Stepping out of the pile of clothing he grabbed one of Janice's arms and a hand
full of hair, yanking her back and throwing her onto the floor! Leaning over her
he repeatedly slapped her tits and her face as he screamed: "Spread those
fucking legs you cunt! I'm going to fuck you good! I'm going to teach you a
lesson you aren't going to forget! You're a fucking tease! Your hot cunt! Your
legs! Think you're fucking hot, don't you, you mother fucking slut!" As he spoke
he spit on her face before stepping back and kicked her between the legs,
enjoying the scream that erupted from deep within her as her body bucked in
pain! "Fucking cunt! I ought to fucking kill you, you slut pig tease!" He kicked
her again! "You like that you slut! You like pain? I'll give you fucking pain!
I'll kill you! You hear me? I'll fucking kill you!"

Gagging from the pain of his kick, tears streaming down her face she screamed
back at him: "Oh yes! Kill me! Take me there! Fuck me! Hurt me! Take me! Fuck
me, kill me, kick me, use me, please, please hurt me! Rip my cunt! Yes! Rip it!
Rip me apart! I'm so sorry I tease you! Hurt me! Oh God I deserve to die! Take
my life! Bury your beautiful cock in me! Fuck me to death! Please dear God, fuck
me to death!"

Grabbing his huge swollen cock, purple and engorged with blood, he fell to his
knees, aimed it at the folds of labia and with the lust of a violent rapist,
shoved it into the tender flesh of her vagina, wishing he could rip her swollen
cunt apart! She was in pain and he loved it! He had made her cunt bleed! She was
bleeding like a stuck pig! God, what a turn on! Beautiful fucking slut! He could
tell she was like Nancy, a mother fucking tease! Shit how he wished this were
Nancy laying before him enduring his rage! He lifted her tender red ass off the
carpet and jammed his cock deep into her cunt without any tenderness or mercy,
driving hard with all of his strength, screaming: "FUCK YOU, YOU BITCH!"

"Ohhhhhhhh!" A moan escaped his lips as his body reacted to the ecstasy of her
moist pussy encompassing and swallowing his hard cock! Her bizarre, distended
tits added to his excitement! "I love your tits you fucking sow! You think
they're pretty? You goddamn pig! I want to bite them off!" He leaned forward and
took one nipple in his mouth and bit down provoking a scream from this fuck meat
bitch! "Scream cunt! Scream your mother fucking head off you masochistic whore,
bitch!" He squeezed her breasts, digging his fingers deep into the tender flesh!
"I ought to rip these ugly tits off you, you filthy cunt!"

Del was masturbating furiously, pinching his balls as he screamed! "Rip them
Dave! Do it! Bite her fucking tits! Oh God I want to see it! Rip those God damn
ugly fucking nipples off! Oh Christ's this is good! It's good Dave! Fuck her
man! Fuck the cunt!"

Del dropped to the floor and was now kneeling over her head, pumping his cock!
He was cursing her and begging his cock to release his precious cum! "Cum! Oh
Christ I have to cum! Common cum! Cum all over this fucking cunts face! Come on
show Dave you can cum over this cunt! Cum you wimp ass fucking dick! Come on,
show Dave you know how to cum! Fill the bitches mouth with your sour fucking
cum!"  Finally, his body began to hump the air! He began shaking uncontrollably,
bouncing on the floor! Drool spilled from his mouth as his words turned to
gibberish and finally, his cock began to spit huge globs of cum onto her face!
Her mouth opened as she captured a great deal of his thick yellowish, white
sperm!

"Cum drinking cunt!" He cursed as his cum poured onto her face! "You cock
sucking, piss drinking ugly piece of shit! You mother fucking whore, slut, cunt,
bitch! Oh it's so beautiful! Oh I love it! I love to cum! Ohhhhh!"

With eyes half open and cum all over her face, Janice looked up at Dave's
distorted angry face as he ravaged her body! "Yes! Oh God, you're so big! You're
hurting my cunt and I love it! Oh thank you! Thank you! Thank you!" She kept
mumbling. Her hips were riding with Dave's thrusts. "Slap my tits! Punch them!
Pinch them! Hit them! Hurt them! Oh God I want you hurt me so bad! I deserve it!
I deserve it! Don't, don't please don't hold back! Kill me, you can kill me, you
can! Oh I'm cumming! You can kill me, oh yes please kill me! Please, please,
pleaseeee!  Yes, yes, ye..ye..ye..ye..ye.ya...yaahhhhhhh!" Her body thrashed and
he knew she achieved an orgasm before him! The fucking cunt got to climax before
he did and it angered him even more! His fist smashed into her face!

"YOU GODDAMN CUNT! SELFISH FUCKING WHORE! YOU FUCKING TEASE! YOU CAME! YOU CAME
BEFORE ME YOU MOTHER FUCKING BITCH! YOU COULDN'T WAIT FOR ME COULD YOU? YOU
COULDN'T WAIT! FUCK YOU! FUCK YOU! FUCK YOU!" He hit her again and again, never
before having felt such rage and hate! Janice was gone and this was Nancy! He
was lost in rage and he was beating that bitch he had married!

His lust and anger would not fade as he continued to slap her face and her
breasts viciously! "COME BEFORE ME YOU UNGRATEFUL SLUT! I'LL BREAK YOUR SELFISH
FUCKING FACE YOU WHORE BITCH!" He spoke through gritted teeth. Again and again,
he slapped her face with his forehand and backhand! Blood was running out the
side of her mouth and her nose and then it was there!

 There! Dave felt the rush! The heat raged in his groin! It was coming! The rush
he had ached for, for months. The rush he had been denied. The heat of sperm
boiling in his testicles as it began leaving his balls and surging up through
his urethra into his cock! It felt like lava as it made its way up the shaft,
gushing from his tender piss hole with the unparalleled thrill of a volcanic
orgasm, filling this selfish, teasing slut's sloppy wet cunt!

It was a volcano of cum spurting from his piss hole again and again it squirted
as he contracted his groin muscles and slammed his groin into her wet hole in an
effort to dump every drop of cum in this whore's cunt! "FUCK YOU! FUCK YOU! FUCK
YOU! FUCK YOU! FUCK YOU! YOU, YOU SELFISH FUCKING WHORE, CUNT, BITCH! GOD I HATE
YOU! YOU FUCKING HEAR ME? I HATE YOU, YOU FUCKING PIG! YOU PIG BITCH!" His hips
slammed into her groin as he groaned in ecstasy, Pumping again and again, until
he finally emptied his testicles into her slut belly! Again and again he spit on
her face and bit into her elongated nipples until his testicles were finally
drained and excitement turned to exhaustion.

As his body relaxed he let out a loud moan and rolled off Janice, lying on his
back on the floor while regaining his strength. Remaining on his back on the
floor he looked over at Janice who remained on her back on the floor. She
appeared to have passed out! Del had moved over to the sofa and was smoking a
cigarette and licking cum off his dick.

"Christ I needed that!" Dave said, still panting. "God, I thought for a while
there that I was really going to kill her!"

"So did I." Del said with a smile. "It was sure was exciting as hell to watch! I
got off again!"

Dave shook his head and chuckled before asking: "Got another one of them?"
Indicating Del's cigarette.

"Sure." Del responded, tossing the pack of Marlboro's and a lighter towards
Dave.

Dave rolled over, removed a cigarette and lighted it, taking a long drag.
"Jesus! Where the hell did you find this fucking slut? She is fucking hot!"

"You enjoyed it?"

"Christ yes! God what a great fucking slut! Hard to believe she's a nurse.  I
really got into beating the shit out of her! Scared me! I think I broke her
nose!" He chuckled. "Heard this cracking sound when I hit her! I don't know who
was into it more, she or me?  Where did you find a slut like her for a nurse?
Christ, I've got the wrong fucking doctor!"

Nodding towards her Del smiled. "That piece of fuck meat?"

"Yeah! What a fuck hole! She may be a nurse, but that is one masochistic cunt
who knows how to fuck!"

Del chuckled. "Well, That fuck hole happens to be my wife!"

Dave choked on the smoke! "Your, your wife? I beat and fucked your wife? Oh
Christ, I'm sorry, I said some pretty shitty things to your wife?"

"Don't worry about it, you're cool. She's a pig and I know it, she knows it!
That's the alternative sex thing I was talking about. We love each other and we
know what we are. Hey it turned me on too, in case you didn't notice. Christ
I've beat her, but I don't believe I ever got into it like you did! You were
probably too busy to notice, but I had to dump a load on her face or I was going
to burst!"

"I noticed. Shit, I thought you were going to shoot your load at me for a minute
there. Sounded like you were having a little difficulty ejaculating."

"Yeah, sometimes I really have to work at it!" He chuckled. "I ah, thought about
dumping it on you! You have no idea how much I wanted to, but I didn't want to
start something I couldn't finish, if you know what I mean. I also didn't think
you would appreciate it as much as she would." He paused for a moment and took a
long drag on his cigarette before continuing.  "You know Dave, in all honesty,
you've got a great looking body and shit, what a treat to see your cock in
action! I could really go for something like that!"

"You can try it, but it takes commitment."

"Ah, you were listening, then?"

"I was listening."

Del paused before responding. "I haven't gone gay with anyone, despite my lust
for it!
You ever done it with a guy?"

"Yeah, couple of times in high school and college, but not recently. Although,
like I said, I've been having some fantasies about reaming you a new asshole!"

They laughed.

"If only I had the guts to make the commitment. I want to go there, I want to
know what it is really like, but I'm too scared to step out and say fuck it,
fuck me! How about you, when you did it, did you enjoy it? What was it like?"

"Depends on the partner. Like I think I said, I have to be the ah, top or
dominant partner. I think it is hard to find a good looking, cooperative,
submissive who will play games the way a Dom like me wants to play. As your
nurse, or should I say wife, can tell you, I like to play rough. Gets me off!"

"I believe you."

"I like to be in total control. No bullshit, no games. Sub does what I say or
fuck him! I don't like games where there is debate about restrictions on the
relationship. Just like with Janice, when I get going I don't want any fucking
safe word bullshit! I'm hot and I'm going to get off no matter what the person I
fucking with says!"

"What about afterwards. Back to normal or do you remain in control!"

"I have to be in total, absolute control. No backtalk, no bullshit. I'm the
master and the other motherfucker is the sub, the slave, and the pussy! Way I
figure, they are lucky I tolerate their presence, just like Janice said about
you earlier. You tolerate and she does what you say without question. That's the
way I was when I was fucking guys at school! Things were great and they towed
the fucking line, but they either graduated and left town or transferred to some
other school. I think a couple of them because I scared the shit out of them,
but most dug the submissive slave routine. I'm guessing I've got a couple of
guys out in San Francisco with leases and collars around their necks eating piss
and shit for some other mean son-of-a-bitch!"

Smoking and looking at the floor Del sat quietly for a moment. "I think, if I
was in a gay relationship I'd love being what you called a sub."

"Oh yeah?"

"At least in my gay fantasies, that's how I always see myself."

"Oh yeah, tell me about them."

Del was sitting on his leather sofa and after a long pause he started talking.
His eyes were open, but he was looking into his fantasy world. "Well, It's
like... I'm like, well, his bitch. He makes me do things that I wouldn't do
without being made to do them."

"Like what?" Dave pressed.

"Oh, you know. He loves humiliating me, you know, forces me to publicly do
things like masturbate on the counter of a department store while we're being
waited on! Takes me to a bar wearing only a trench coat and then tells everyone
I'm queer, exposes me and makes me suck everyone's cock as the rest of the guys
laugh, kick me and spit on me! He makes me wear a butt plug to stretch my anus
into a huge fuck hole. My rectum is so big it's hard for me to control my bowels
so he gives me enemas before letting his friends fuck me. Takes me into slums
and gives me to guys to fuck who are infected with HIV and laughs as they fill
my asshole with their infected sperm! And worst of all for a horny bastard like
me, he puts a metal cage on my cock so I can't get a hard-on or jack-off Oh God
if you only knew how important daily orgasms are to me, you could appreciate the
horror of that fantasy! Jesus, I don't know what I would do if I was denied
ejaculation! I need it at least two, three times a day, sometimes more! So that
restriction really provokes the submissive side of my fantasies. It's so fucking
erotic, but it scares the shit out of me!" He had spread his legs and was
massaging his cock, which was again becoming erect.

"Yeah?"

"Shit! It's only fantasy, you know? But he treats me like shit! I'm his toilet
and I have to thank him for pissing and shitting in my mouth! He has parties for
a bunch of gorilla looking guys and I'm tied in the bathroom over the toilet or
in the bathtub and they all relieve themselves on me and in me and he laughs,
and encourages them to beat the shit out of me! He has me tied with my legs
spread apart and then these fucking monsters, with motorcycle boots take turns
kicking me in the nuts to see who will be first to make me vomit from the pain!"
He was pumping his cock harder as it became erect once again.

"Maybe someday soon we should see how your fantasies convert to reality." Dave
responded sucking a long drag on his cigarette and toying with his own cock.

"And you know what? I think I'd love all that shit and could take. Hell, take
it, I'd love it, but the thought of not being allowed to cum, even if I wasn't
permitted to fuck or have my cock sucked, the thought of not being able to
jack-off when I need to drives me crazy! That's the big reason I refuse to take
the final step. That's why you and Janice and my daughter are really the only
ones who know I really am gay! Shit, I'm a chicken Dave and I know it! Fucking
coward. I guess I'm a sick fucking, frustrated closet queer. You know, if I had
any guts I'd get down on my knees right now and beg you to allow me to suck your
cock, but I'm scared shitless to act upon what I know I am and what I need as a
faggot man!"

"Scared of what? Who's going to say anything?"

"It's, it's just crossing that line. Once I do it, I know I'll never come back
the desire is so strong it drives me crazy. And once I'm out of the closet word
is sure as hell going to get out about the queer gynecologist! The clinic will
be fucking ruined."

"So what? Move to another town, open another clinic."

"I wouldn't be able to. If I give myself to a guy like you, I'd make the total
commitment. I wouldn't have a choice. It's not in me. I'd have to be his slave,
totally, completely! Shit I'd give him the fucking clinic and everything and the
crazy thing is, if he accepted me I'd do it if...if he would only promise me I
could cum once, maybe twice a day! But I know, the Master I need would never let
me do that! You know what I mean? I need a rough fucking Master who knew how
much I needed to cum that it would give him special pleasure to deny me that!
Jesus, I'm so fucking horny to be a slave, why can't I just say fuck it and
submit?" Del's eyes were flooded with tears and a couple ran down his cheeks.

Dave chuckled. "Crazy fucking life isn't it. Got up this morning never imagining
that I'd be beating the shit out of and fucking my friends wife, find out he's a
closet queer and then chatting with him about him sucking my cock and his need
to shoot his load."

"Life is full of surprises." Del replied, wiping his tears.

"I assume from what you've said, Janice is aware of your dilemma, what does she
think you should do? She thinks you to come out of the closet?"

"Yeah. She says fuck the business and the reputation bullshit! She contends I
should be what I am, and live with it, but like I said, I'm the coward. I just
can't explain the desire and how fucked up it is to be in this closet!"

"Hey if your wife understands that's half the battle, isn't it? Have you talked
about what would happen to her if you became a sexual slave to some guy?"

"Little bit. I'd like to have her keep her job here at the clinic, but I don't
know if whomever I submitted to would even allow me to keep the clinic. Hell, I
doubt it! If anything, I'd probably have to sign the damn thing over to him and
he'd sell it!"

"Well a good nurse can always get a job."

"She thinks she and Sissy could make more money as prostitutes or selling porn
on the Internet."

"Sounds like you guys have talked about this a great deal."

"Well, she keeps bringing it up! Dumb cunt loves me even though I don't fuck
her. I don't know what would happen to the house, the business, our savings, the
cars or my investments, but I've told her she shouldn't count on any of it! If I
make the decision to cross over and submit, I know I'll be so fucking hot and so
anxious I'll end up giving him everything just to accept me! I know that about
myself. I won't give a shit about my wife or Sissy at that moment all I'll want
to do is suck his cock and please him with everything I have."

"So how close are you to finding someone and making such a decision?"

"I don't fucking know. Varies from day to day! In all honesty, I've got to tell
you, I'm so close to begging you right now I'm about to go crazy! You know what
it's like for a faggot like me to sit here and look at that beautiful cock of
yours without running over there and sticking it in my mouth?"

"Dave took a drag on is cigarette before speaking. He spoke candidly and
seriously. "Del, if you were willing to make the commitment, I'd consider it. No
denying, even though we are friends now that friendship would end if you decided
to submit to me. It would be a hell of a sacrifice and I would hate to lose you
as a friend, but God I would have fun taking you to the depths of masochistic
ecstasy! You're a good-looking man, in a feminine sort of way. You have a fair
complexion, not a hell of a lot of body hair, you're what 5'3"...5'4"?"

"Five four." He choked out the response adding, "Without heels!" He forced an
embarrassed smile.

"See? Nice height, you've nice firm fuckable ass and I've got to tell you, as
you may be aware, you occasionally fall into a very feminine strut when you
walk. It's a real turn-on. Now that I think about it, you have a lot of very
attractive feminine characteristics!"

"Whew! I don't know if I should be embarrassed or elated."

"Take it as a compliment! If you were my sub I would work with someone like
Janice to make you up to be a very attractive drag queen! I'd bet we could make
you up to pass for an attractive woman in broad daylight."

"You think so?" He offered a nervous smile. "Thanks, I think! I tried some cross
dressing in my college years, but I wasn't good at make-up so it was just in my
room, but provoked some cool orgasms! I was a real slut!" Another nervous laugh.

Pausing Del changed the subject. "God you and Janice were so fucking hot!  I've
never seen anything like it! That was projection! Shit I wanted to be at the end
of that cane, and Christ, when you kicked her in the cunt? I wanted to pass out
with excitement wishing I could experience that god-awful surge of pain! Damn
that had to hurt her bad!"

"She's good, too bad you don't go for women, and she is one hell of a fuck! For
a few minutes there, I completely lost it! Far as I was concerned she was Nancy
and if it had gone much longer before I got my load, hell, I may have killed
her! Scary, huh?"

"Look buddy, your wife Nancy isn't the first woman who turns out to be a control
freak bitch! Bitches who think their pussy is something precious they can use to
control men! Shit! Fuck them! Janice was cool until we got married. Then, when
she found out I was gay; she seemed to think I didn't have a brain. She started
telling me how to run my practice and what the fuck I could do at home, and
withholding sex, so I decided to do something about it! I think the gay side of
me helped, but I pointed out the errors of her ways and put the cunt in her
place! Once I dragged her into the light of masochism, I think we were both
surprised at how much she likes it. Since then, it helps me get off and she
loves it!"

"No shit? You dragged her into the light of masochism and she loves it, but you
are too chicken shit to drag yourself out of the closet as a gay masochist?"

"I'm a fucking coward, or haven't I told you that yet?"

"You told me. Looks like I really broke her nose and she is going to be black
and blue for a few days. One eye is already swollen shut."

"She was good though, wasn't she?"

"Good? She was fan-fucking-tastic!"

"Hey cunt face, you hear that?" With laughter in his voice Del nudged Janice
with his foot, rocking her body on the floor.

Her eyes closed she responded with only a moan.

He kicked her again. "Hey, get up you lazy shit, we've got company!"

She raised her head. Blood was still on her face and her nose was still
bleeding.

Del laughed. "I think your fucking nose is broken!"

"Hey, I'm sorry Janice. I guess I really got carried away." Dave was embarrassed
and truly felt sorry for her.

"I'm just glad I pleased you, Mister Martin! I needed it, really! I love to see
anger and hatred in a man's eyes when he is making love to me! It's so exciting
and terrifying! I had a wonderful orgasm! Thank you!"

"Ah, you're welcome, I guess! Look, why don't you call me Dave."

"Yes sir, thank you, Dave." She responded.

"Hey you little cum eating slut, come over here!" Del said in a firm but
friendly voice.

Janice rolled over onto her stomach and pushed herself up on her knees and began
to crawl over next to Del.

"You did good, Honey. Give me a kiss!" He said stroking the side of her face
tenderly. His entire attitude changed instantly. He chuckled, "For a minute
there I thought Dave was really going to kill you! I was so excited I wanted him
to! I wanted to see you gasping for your last breath as cum poured from you
beautiful cunt! But, just the same, I'm glad he didn't."

"Me too." She laid her head on his chest, her eyes going back to Dave. "It was
so exciting and wonderful! Thank you!" Then looking up at Del: "You can fix my
nose, can't you Honey?"

He nodded yes and stroked her cum soaked face. "Yeah, we'll get it fixed and
you'll be pretty as ever."

"I've got your delicious cum still all over my face." She responded with a
chuckle, using her tongue to lick cum and blood off her upper lip.

"I know, I want it back!" He smiled as he began to lick his sperm, blood and
snot off her face until their lips met in a hot passionate kiss! They embraced
for a long time continuing to kiss.

Dave smiled to himself as he watched Del reach into Janice's cunt with his
fingers, scoop out some of Dave's cum and lick it off his fingers. Again and
again he did it as she moaned in ecstasy and joined him in licking his fingers
in a mock fight for a taste.

"He tastes good doesn't he?" Janice asked of her husband.

Del opened his eyes for an instant, looking over at Dave. "Yes he does!"

Dave felt a rush of pride and returned only a slight smile. Guilt swelled within
him as he took note of the fresh wounds he had inflicted on her ass and thighs,
which were exposed to him as she and Del embraced. The welts were black and blue
with bright red blood trickling down the cheeks of her ass and disappearing into
the crack of her ass. It was hard for him to conceive of himself inflicting that
degree of punishment on anyone, let alone a woman! At the same time he couldn't
help recall the excitement he felt and the satisfaction that filled him as he
was beating her! It was so exhilarating he couldn't wait to take a cane or a
whip to her again! God, how he wished that had been Nancy! He had to acknowledge
that she needs a good whipping!

Janice slipped down and began to lick Del's cock clean.

"Maybe you should go over and thank Dave for the pleasure he gave you." Del
suggested.

Janice crawled over to Dave and leaned into his cock, giving it a tender kiss.
"Thank you Dave. I am so sorry I came before you! I shouldn't have cum at all,
it wasn't my pleasure we were after, but yours. After I came, I wanted you to
kill me! I would have deserved it! I was so sorry, but you felt so good in me,
and the violence, the violence in your eyes was so incredibly exciting! You
really did hate didn't you?"

"Yes. I was filled with so much hate I really think, if I hadn't cum when I did,
I would have killed you! I'm sorry, but women just don't understand men. They
wear high heels, short skirts, thin and revealing blouses to drive men crazy
with desire and then they say NO! When I saw you were naked under that smock
except for those white nylons and the garter belt I knew there was no way you
were going to say no to me! And, God, seeing those welts rise when I beat you
with the cane! Oh Christ! As far as I was concerned I had an obligation to kill
you on behalf of every fucking guy out there who has been frustrated and teased
by some whore!"

"You can come and fuck me and beat me anytime you need to Dave. I mean it!"

He pulled her close and embraced her! "Every man should be as lucky as you Del!"
He said as he kissed Janice's cheek and embraced her.

"I bet Sissy is going crazy out there!" Del said as he stroked Janice's hair
while she licked and sucked on his cum soaked cock.

"Huh hah." She moaned her mouth full of cock.

"Sissy?" Dave asked. "The receptionist?"

"Yeah, she's what you might call, our daughter."

His response sounded weird, but Dave brushed it off as he responded: "Your
daughter? She's into family sex and this S/m stuff?"

"She's hot!" Del responded. "Honey, why don't you go put some Cortisone on your
ass and back, clean your nose and mouth and then get her?"

Janice lifted her head off his cock, kissing the piss hole. "Yes dear."

"You fuck your daughter?" Dave asked in amazement.

"Ever since she turned eleven!  Sissy is also a great cocksucker! As I said
before, I'm not a good fucker, but I suck great cock and I love a good cock
sucking!"

Janice said with a broad smile, looking a Del. "Her daddy has brought her up
right." Janice said leaning down from a standing position and kissing Del.
"She'll know how to treat a man if and when she gets married."

Del reached up and grabbed her long nipple. "She'll know how to treat a man or a
woman, you filthy cunt. Go get that slut daughter of yours there's a couple of
guys here who need some young tender cunt!"

"I love it when you talk dirty!" Janice laughed and opened the door without
putting her smock back on. She stepped into the hallway, "Sissy Darling, would
you help me with some salve and then Daddy would like to see you." She closed
the door leaving the two men alone.

"How, how old is she? Your daughter?" Dave asked.

"Sixteen." Del responded with a smile. "And, a great piece of ass!"

"Jesus! She's been fucking since she was eleven?" Dave got up off the floor,
grabbed the pack of cigarettes and lighter and crossed to the sofa where Del was
sitting.

"God she was tight! Screamed like a banshee the first time! Made me so hot to
fuck her, you've never seen so much fucking blood! While I was fucking her,
Janice, God love her, was there kissing Sissy and telling her it was cool!
Helped a hell of a lot. Great piece of ass! You get a tender piece of ass like
that you never forget it!"

"Jesus! Your wife helped you literally rape your daughter? I thought you didn't
fuck women or for Christ's sake, little girls!"

"Sissy is a little different, you'll see. My guess is she'll turn you on too!"

As he lighted his second cigarette Dave took a drag and spoke softly: "You know
Del, while Janice is gone, Like I was saying before, I think you should work up
the courage to come out of the closet."

"Yeah? Easier said than done."

"No, not really. In addition to having the desire, you understand the need some
people have for the pain and suffering a good sub has to go through. You've been
a Dom with your wife and obviously your daughter, I think you would have a
greater appreciation of what is needed to be a good slave, if you will. You know
what you as a dominant partner needed, so as his slave you will be better able
to understand the oppressiveness a Dom requires. You are really prepared to
serve a dominant Master without reservation."

"You're right. I don't take any shit from Janice or Sissy and they know there
will be hell to pay if they disobey or hesitate to do whatever I tell them to
do. I know how mad I get when they give me any shit, so I can imagine how mad he
would get if I didn't do exactly as he demands."

"See? I believe that while you are punishing Janice or your daughter, deep down
you wish it were you! You want them to hurt the way you want to hurt!"

"Jesus! What a great student you are! Projection! That's so fucking true!"

"Of course coming out as a queer and a masochist and subsequently totally
submitting to a strong dominant partner would cost you! It would cost you a
great deal!"

"You mean the risk of public embarrassment?"

"Sure. And a hell of a lot more than that! Like you said before, you'd have to
be prepared to give up a lot. All the sex and pleasure you now enjoy with your
wife and daughter. Submitting means you would lose all control all of your
sexual activity. Despite your fears I'm sure there would be no jacking off or
any other sexual pleasure without his permission. You would lose all free will
and be, just like you referred to Janice, a piece of meat! Your only purpose in
life, for the rest of your life would be to serve him! Might make you wear cock
rings that would not only prohibit ejaculation, but also your ability to get an
erection!"

"God no! Like I said. I've got to ejaculate! Hell I jack-off two, three times a
day! I'd go nuts if I couldn't cum every day."

"Well, think of it this way.  If he didn't allow you to cum everyday, just think
how much your deepest masochistic desires would be satisfied, if you were forced
to abstain. Then when he allowed you to play with yourself, wouldn't the orgasm
be a hundred times better than it is now?"

"Oh God! I don't know!"

"You're a masochist Del! Think of the wonderful torment of wanting to, needing
to and not being permitted to ejaculate! Doesn't that excite you? To know that
any pleasure you enjoyed would be at the total discretion of your Master. Then
the cataclysmic ecstasy that would come when he finally removed the cage and let
that hot lava gush from your cock like a volcano of pleasure! Seems to me a
masochist would relish that kind of agony. Especially someone who did it three
times a day prior to submitting himself."

"I've thought about it. I've thought about it a lot!" He was stroking himself
again. "It would be the kind of hell that turns me on! My balls swollen with cum
for maybe days, and when I beg him to cum he laughs at me, calls me weak and
beats me! And then I do something, one thing very special to him and he kisses
me, deeply. He tells me I have pleased him and he lets jack-off and cum all over
the place!"

"See! See what I mean?  It's the working up to the commitment that is the hard
part, making the commitment is easy! Think of the raw torture, the masochistic
ecstasy he could inflict simply by denying you that simple pleasure! Think of
the pleasure you will be giving him and after all, isn't that why you submit?
Isn't masochism the lust to serve and please a man? To give your life and soul
to someone so hard to please that no matter what you do it is never good enough!
When you surrender to sexual servitude you surrender your very being, your soul!
You are no longer a man! You no longer have free will! You are merely a
breathing piece of flesh and your only purpose on earth, for the rest of your
life, is to serve the master who has accepted you as his slave!  Who tolerates
your pathetic presence in his life! If you are a true masochist, do you not want
to serve a man who doesn't give a shit if you breathe, let alone enjoy the
ecstasy of ejaculation! The struggle to please him, to have him give you a
moment of attention, a soft caress, or a smile, that's what being a masochist,
is all about! Therein is where you derive the elation that comes from being a
good slave. It's not your pleasure you should be seeking, it's his that should
be at the core of your masochistic desires! Your only pleasure will come from
knowing that you have done your best, even if he beats and chastises you for
your incompetence. If, if he allows you to ejaculate, it is a rare gift to be
cherished, just as that rare caress, tender conversation, a kiss, a simple
compliment or a smile. You should consider yourself well rewarded if he affords
you a smile, rather than the excrement of his bowels, which is more likely what
your incompetence would warrant! Whether he feeds you gruel or his shit is no
matter. You must consider yourself fortunate that he even takes the time to
think of providing you with any form nourishment. Never can you, nor should you
expect, nor do you deserve, any indication of appreciation or approval from a
master for anything to you do! You are expected to obey and serve without
question and without any indication of appreciation from your master! From the
bowels of your masochistic soul you must know that the only pleasure you are
entitled to is your own knowledge that you have done your absolute best to
fulfill his needs, to provide him pleasure, to make life easier and simpler for
him, even if he responds by regurgitating his vomit into your mouth! To what
degree do you obey? To every degree in every way! If he bids you to murder
yourself, or anyone else, including those you hold most dear, you will do so and
you will thank him for the honor of serving his needs and desires! You will
service whomever he instructs, man or beast, in any manner he desires, without
hesitation and without question! You will seek no personal, physical or mental
pleasure, but only seek to accomplish your task as he has instructed, to the
absolute best of your ability. Your desire to have your master allow you to
masturbate is an unforgivable insult and he would be justified in taking your
life, dumping you in the garbage and feeding you to the rats! To even
contemplate such a condition on sexual surrender is a clear demonstration that
you lack the sincerity necessary to be a true and honorable slave to any man. "

"Oh my God!" Del was masturbating furiously and it was obvious he was ready to
explode! "Your right! Oh Jesus, you're so right! I'm so sorry! Ohhhhh!! OHHH!
OHHHH! YE YE YES YESS YESSS YYEESSSSSSSSSSS!"  Cum shot out of his cock onto his
stomach, covering his hand and spilling onto the pubic hair of his groin!
"The commitment! The fucking commitment! Oh God, why am I such a coward?"

"Being a coward is a plus for a masochist. Your Master would love to toy with
your cowardice psychologically! He could make you so wonderfully insecure! He
would make you do things you would never dream of doing! And as far as the
commitment is, I think you're making far too big a deal out of it."

"You do?"

"Del, it's not a big thing. You must decide that you truly want to have a
master! I think you've made that decision. You want to surrender all of your
need and ability to make decisions. I don't know if you're there."

"Yes! I'm ready for that! I'm tired of deciding for other people. Telling
patients what to do and having them ignore me! Paying fucking bills, the
mortgage and all that shit!"

"Good. That also takes care of understand that you don't really need or want the
responsibilities of money, car, business, home, or family! Are you ready to give
up free will? Can you give up the ability to think and do for yourself? Are you
ready to dedicate your life to the will of someone else without question or
hesitation? To do so without rationalizing the consequences but to instantly
obey!"

"God! I, I don't know. I just don't know. I want to, but I'm a little afraid."

"Then you have to spend a little time thinking of that because no master will
want you to waste time thinking and contemplating his demands. Hesitation could
result in your untimely death!"

"Death? For thinking?"

"Del, if you were my slave and you hesitated you obey me instantly or worse yet,
question my demands, I would have to consider you disloyal and I would eliminate
you as quickly as possible. Hesitation and deliberation by a slave cannot and I
assure I would not tolerate it. For instance, let's say you had committed to
being my slave and for some reason, doesn't matter what it would be, I
instructed you to kill Janice and Sissy the moment they entered the room, what
would you do?"

"Oh shit!"

"There! That comment shows me you would think about it and hesitate to fulfill
my needs and desires. I would be justified in taking your life for that stupid
moment of hesitation!"

"Jesus, I didn't know what was coming! I was taken totally by surprise!"

"If you were my slave you would live in a world with nothing but surprises! And
I would require a simple Yes Master or Yes Sir following such a command. No
hesitation, no question. If it pleases me and is my desire, my slave would do it
instantaneously, even if it was his wife, his daughter or his mother!"

Del was biting his nails nervously. "I'm, I'm sorry. I guess I'm on the learning
curve."

"The learning curve is the simplest element to slavery. Absolute, immediate
obedience!"

"There's no way I could keep the clinic so I could support Janice and Sissy?"

Dave chuckled a menacing chuckle. "Del, Del, Del! When you give up free will you
are no longer competent to run a clinic or take care of a wife and kid, let
alone handle your finances. Common now, don't be stupid! As quickly as possible
you will assign all of your holdings to your master. You will make him the sole
beneficiary of your will as well as executor of your estate. Your master takes
everything, right down to the penny lost in some corner of the office! For God's
sake that's his privilege. It is a small price to pay for a master who will
accept you and tolerate you. Besides, a slave, once committed, as I indicated,
has given up free will. That means he isn't capable of running any business. He
doesn't have the competence to care for any of those other things in his
previous life, including being concerned about the future of his former wife and
daughter. They would be part of Doctor Delbert Peterson's life. As a slave you
would be granted no such identity. You'd be a nobody! A nothing! You would never
have a name to be called by, other than some insulting nickname your master
might pin on you. To the outside world and to your family you would be the same
as dead! A slave is a breathing piece of meat whose only objective, while
continuing to breathe is to obey and serve one master. For that matter, he may
keep you lock in some dark cellar, just for the pleasure of knowing he has a
slave and leave you locked away and your dead carcass requires that he throw you
out!"

"I've thought about that. Being a nobody I mean. Just a piece of meat, like you
said, that nobody gives a shit about! It's stupid, but it excites me. The idea
of being locked away, isolated, so alone and cold. No body cares if you live or
die. Rats and mice nip at your flesh as you cry and beg for someone, anyone just
to come and acknowledge that you exist. Just come to beat you or laugh at you,
but they don't come! You can hear their voices laughing and joking, but they
don't care about your screams or you pleas for help! Lying in my own piss and
shit on the floor of some dark cellar with little if any room to even walk. You
pray to die and you can hear God laughing at you, telling you chose this life,
live with it!"

"Doesn't sound like you really are concerned about Janice or Sissy. Enjoying
yourself?"

"Huh?" He realized what he was doing and withdrew his hand from his cock. "Oh
yeah! Christ, I can't tell you how many times I have thought about putting the
two of them on the street and making them hook as cheap prostitutes! That
excites me too. To think that my baby girl and her mother are fucking bums on
the street for pennies! I'm a sick fuck, I know it and it might be me projecting
again, but the idea of them walking the street, in slutty dresses, sucking cocks
covered with sores for a couple of bucks, getting beat up by mean johns, risking
HIV or catching crabs, Christ it excites me!"

"See. I'm not telling you anything you haven't all ready thought of yourself."

"You're right Dave. Jesus, you are so fucking right! I've given them everything
and all I do is play with myself, wishing I had the lover of my dreams fucking
me and beating me and fulfilling my needs!"

"Maybe you should stop thinking and wishing and come the fuck out of the closet
and find someone! Stop being a chicken shit!"

"Del, you talk one thing and do another. You don't really want to be who you are
and come out as a queer and submit to a real Master! All of this is bullshit and
you're wasting my time and yours!"

 "Bullshit? Here look at these! What the fuck do these tell you?" He got up and
crossed to his desk, opening the bottom drawer. He pulled out a handful of
large, true to life looking dildos and several paper tablets. "Look! You want to
see cock rings? Here, I've got several; I know what they are and what they will
do to me!  Look at these! I fuck myself with these. I lock my fucking door so
even Janice isn't aware that I'm doing it! I stick them up my ass and pretend
he's fucking the shit out of me! Here, look at this one!"

It was a huge black dildo twice the size of the largest normal cock Dave had
ever seen.

"You know what this is Dave? You know what the fuck this is?"

"I have a feeling your going to tell me." Dave replied a smile crossing his
lips.

"It's paradise! This is motherfucking paradise! To have some huge black mother
fucker stick a cock this size up my ass and fuck me blue and then stick the God
Damn thing in my mouth and fuck my face until I fucking gag to death! That's my
fucking paradise! Whips? Paddles? I spend hours in here trying to beat my balls
bloody, but I don't have the guts to do it! I sit here and bawl like a fucking
baby! God knows I want to give up all this shit just to surrender to some mean
son-of-a-bitch, but I can't do it! I can't fucking to it!"

"You're talking again, but the coward is winning. Maybe your make believe black
man at the end of that dildo is the only Master you'll ever know! Maybe this is
your masochistic paradise. Knowing you want something and denying yourself
access to it! If that's it Del then I guess our conversation is over."

"Dave!  I've got an M.D., enough money to last a lifetime; a wife and kid who
not only love me, but also will let me beat the shit out of them anytime I need
to get my rocks!  I'm 45 years old in good health and all I can fucking think of
every mother fucking minute of every mother fucking day is having you or some
other big mean bastard fuck me to death so that I cum in buckets when I end this
mother fucking life!"

Dave didn't respond.

"Give up the clinic? The money? Janice and Sissy? Sign everything over to some
son-of-a-bitch who will abuse me, beat me and fuck me silly! Some bastard who
may kill me just to get his rocks? No problem! I'd do it right fucking now if
only, if only I knew I could relieve this fucking burning pressure that boils in
my fucking balls every second of every fucking day! That's why I'm a coward,
because I know, deep down, that is exactly what some cruel son-of-a-bitch will
do if he ever finds out how much I need to ejaculate! God damit Dave, I love my
cock! It's the only fucking thing in this mother fucking world I love and I know
my lover needs to cum every fucking day!"

He broke down sobbing, falling to his knees. "I don't understand it, all I do
understand is that I'm trapped in this stupid fucking dilemma! I'm a closet
queen who doesn't have the guts to follow his dream because I'm scared I'll
never again be able to get a hard on and ejaculate whenever I feel the need! How
fucking stupid is that?"

After a couple of minutes of silence, except for the sound of Del crying Dave
spoke.

"What's on the tablets Del?"

"Dreams! More fucking dreams! Here, look for yourself!" He tossed the tablets
onto the sofa next to Dave.

Dave picked them up and began to leaf through the pages. They were sketches,
crude pencil sketches of Del submitting to large hairy dominant men! Even though
they were crude the real people he portrayed were recognizable by what they were
saying in the balloons he put over their heads. Cum and blood were the most
prevalent. These truly revealed the masochistic side of his homosexuality.  He
was being fucked and sucking cock with huge globs of cum squirting all over the
drawings, but there were also violent sketches. There were sketches of him being
a toilet for several men. Tied spread eagled on the floor while rats ate cheese
off his balls while his master, who happened to be Dave, was laughing at him.
Death and sex were tied closely together.  The final moment of ejaculation came
as his tormentors were putting him to death! Dave smiled, but said nothing as he
came across several cartoons that included him as Del's Master. He was not
surprised. This meeting today was more than acquainting Dave with his wife and
kid, Del needed to air his desires. To test them with someone he secretly
desired. Dave wondered if the discussion had provoked an emotional release of
these, or if Del had planned to show him. He concluded that Del was so worked up
that even now his mind was rushing as to how to get the sketches back in the
drawer and have Dave forget all about them. Consequently, he decided to press
the issue and have some fun with them.

"I particularly like these." Dave said holding up several sketches with him as
Del's sadistic lover!

"OH SHIT! OH CHRIST DAVE! I'M SORRY! WHAT THE FUCK WAS I DOING? HERE! HERE, GIVE
THEM BACK, THEIR JUST FANTASY BULLSHIT!"

"Ah, Del, your cock isn't this big!" Dave said flashing one of the drawings and
laughing.

"Common Dave! Give them back please! Shit, no one has ever seen them! It was
crazy to pull them out! Please! Please give them back!"

"Relax! I think I recognize myself in some of these and I think I'd like to see
how you are as my little slave slut!"

"Oh Christ!" Del sunk to the floor! "They're just bullshit fantasy Dave. They're
not real, they're not what I really think or feel! You know."

"You know that's not true. What the hell have we been talking about? Shit, Del,
its all here and a couple even in Technicolor! I know I do like the size of my
cock and according to this you are really enjoying it!"

Tears again filled Del's eyes. "Please!" He was begging in a loud whisper.
"Please!"

He scooted down on the sofa and began to play with his cock as he examined the
sketches: "You tie a lot of pretty interesting death scenes to your final
ejaculation. You like toying with the idea of being snuffed? I like snuff; it's
kind of exciting. Yes, I like that! I like the way you have yourself wiggling
and jerking as you dangle with this rope around your neck, jacking off with an
extraordinary amount of cum, as I seem to be having a hell of a good time with
Janice! Tell me Del, you like the idea of being snuffed while you have an
orgasm, don't you?"

Del had his head in his hands sobbing and apologizing incoherently. "Sorry" was
the only word Dave could understand as Del mumbled and sobbed.

"Del? God damit, answer me!"

Del shook his head affirmatively and looked up through tear stained eyes. Yes!
Yes damit, I like the fantasy of that final orgasm! I want to cum the second I
die and empty my fucking nuts!"

Dave was masturbating his gigantic cock as he examined the sketches. "I'd love
to be there! If you were mine, I'd be there! I'd arrange it! I'd love to see you
ejaculate while hanging like that! I love snuff! I'd love to be part of watching
you die like that! It's so much of a mother fucking turn on, isn't it! Del, you
commit to being my slave and I'll promise you one thing, I'll snuff you good!
It'll be so exciting!"

Del forced a smile. "Fantasy, but yeah, it turns me on too!"

"I'm not talking fantasy bullshit! I serious. You commit to being my slave and
I'll arrange your death! I'll be there laughing and jacking off as you breathe
you last fucking breath!"

"You mean really kill me?"

"Yes! Maybe it could practice a couple times as practice, but to asphyxiate you?
To watch you struggling for your last breath and pumping your cock for that
final orgasm! Jesus Del, common, admit it, wouldn't that be exciting, to be that
close to death and to ejaculate just before you pass out?"

"Oh Christ Dave, you do understand, don't you?"

"Oh yes. Oh, I like this one also!" He showed Del the sketch of Del feverishly
masturbating, screaming and begging for mercy, while he was being propelled
towards a huge, sharp, jagged toothed bench saw that would eventually cut his
body in half, starting with his groin and up through his head! Dave's balloon
had Dave saying: "You've been a good slave Del, but God I can't tell you how
exciting it is to kill you and throw you out with the garbage!" Janice was
wearing a broad smile saying: "Oh you don't know how happy you are making me
Del! Die baby, Die! This is hot Del, really fucking hot!"

"Shit Dave. Like I said its just crazy fantasy! Would you throw those damn
things away! I wish the hell I had kept my wits and kept that shit in the
drawer."

"I'm glad you didn't. I like it. I like it a lot! It's nice to know you think of
me even when we aren't at the Y."

There was a knock at the door. Del jumped up in surprise.  Wiping his eyes to
make sure there were no tears still in his eyes as he returned to the sofa. He
took the stack of drawings Dave wasn't holding and shoved them under the sofa.
"Please!" He pleaded. Dave shook his head and hung on to the small stack of his
sketches. Del got up and in as friendly voice as he could muster her responded:
"Come in Honey."


As the youthful Sissy entered, Dave attempted to cover his exposed groin and
erection, but neither Del nor Janice, who was right behind Sissy, made any such
attempt.

Turning to Dave, Del wiped his tears and attempted to regain his composure:
"It's okay, she seen cock before, relax. Even though she may not have seen a
chunk of meat as big as yours!" He added with a chuckle that both appeared and
sounded forced.

Sissy was an attractive young woman, although a bit on the heavy side, maybe
just big boned, with long red hair that added to her look of innocence. Her
make-up had been applied with great care and she was made up to appear 18 or 19
years of age! She too was wearing high-heeled white patent leather pumps, which
were higher than her mothers and made her tower over her five foot four inch
tall father. Despite the heels it was easy to determine she was a very tall
young woman, taller than her mother. Jesus, Dave thought, she looked so fucking
hot and her smile, with her mouth full of beautiful white teeth were like an
invitation to suck cock! Dave contracted his groin muscles as he realized this
pretty young slut was only 16. He knew that behind her beautiful young, innocent
face beat the soul of a masochistic slut, who had been fucked by her father and,
God forgive him, he now knew he too wanted to fuck her!

"Hi Daddy. Hello Mr. Martin. I wondered if you were going to invite me, I could
hear the cane and Mommy's screams down in the waiting room! God I bet it was
exciting!"

"Did you get all excited out there?" Del asked.

She paused in her response, her eyes glancing between her mother and her father.

"Sissy! Your father asked you a question!" Janice pressed.

The lump in her throat was obvious prior to her responding. "Yes sir."

"And you played with yourself, didn't you?" Del continued.

Dave noticed the irony of Del's Sadistic desire to restrain his daughter from
sexual pleasure, but that it was so terrifying for him to contemplate the same
restrictions. It verified his contention that Del was inflicting the kind of
punishment he knew he would terrify and yet bring him pleasure. Del was just a
little to selfish to admit it when it came to his fun thing, his masturbation!
He wanted to be a little bit pregnant! Dave smiled in appreciation of his own
discernment while under his closed lips his clenched teeth foretold of another
obscene desire that burned in his groin.

"Of course she did! You know how much the cane turns her on!" Janice added.

"Yes." Sissy responded, hanging her head. "I'm sorry. I tried not to, but no one
is out there and it was so exciting! My belt felt so tight and I had to release
my clit Daddy! I had to! I just knew you or Mr. Martin were fucking mommy and
the thought of her getting spanked with the cane, I couldn't control my self,
Daddy! I'm sorry Daddy! It just felt so good! Oh God Daddy, I'm so sorry!"

Dave marveled at how truly contrite this young girl was and he was confused by
her comments about a tight belt, since she was wearing a starched white smock
that obviously did not require a belt.

"You're going to be punished, you know that?" Del spoke in a dead serious tone
that seemed to Dave like an over reaction to a child masturbating, but he
understood what Del was doing and found himself smiling to himself.

"I should stop your hormones, that's what I should do!"

"Oh God Daddy! No! Please! Please Daddy I'll be good! I promise! I promise
Daddy!"

"Hormones?" Dave lipped the word without speaking aloud.

"Did you help your mother with the Cortisone?"

"Yes sir."

"All right. We'll talk about your punishment later, however, right now I want
you to open your smock enough to show Mr. Martin how pretty your breasts are."

She crossed to the sofa and stood in front of Dave as she began to unzip her
smock.

"Mr. Martin shouldn't have to look up at some slutty little girl. Get down on
your knees in front of him so he can see them properly!"

"Yes sir." She got directly in front of Dave and kneeled.

"Ah Del, it's not really necessary." Dave feigned protestation.

"Yes you're my friend. Besides, I think you're in for a little surprise. Little
kinky, I hope you'll like it!"

Sissy was on her knees in front of Dave who remained on the sofa. He took
another drag on his cigarette as the zipper released the confinement of Sissy's
breasts. Sissy brought the zipper down to her waist and pulled the smock apart
to reveal two absolutely gorgeous breasts with, like her mother, huge pinkish
brown areolas with large distended nipples that ached to be sucked. At least he
ached to suck them!

"So? What do you think of Sissy's tits?" Del asked mischievously.

"Christ, I've never seen a sixteen year old with tits like this! I love these
distended nipples! You're a fucking genius Del! Oh Shit! They're beautiful
Sissy! Just fucking beautiful!" His hand reached out to touch them, but stopped.
"May I?" He asked of Del and Sissy.

"Of course!" Del replied. "Do whatever you like, the slut is yours! She'll do
what ever you like, won't you Honey."

"She's yours to do with as you please." Janice added. "Del speaks so highly of
you, the least we can do is give you our daughter to give you some pleasure."

"I'm glad you like my titties Mr. Martin. I'd love it if you would touch them
real hard. You can pinch them if you like. I like it when my titties hurt until
the hurt makes me cry, it makes it so exciting!  I really do like it when my
breasts hurt real bad! Don't I Daddy?"

"Yes you do, pumpkin! Go ahead Dave, feel free, she takes after her mother and
likes it rough, but you do what you like! Her mother and I have made her a
designer slut who only wishes to please, right Sweetheart?"

Janice nodded yes and added: "Our daughter is committed to pleasing men in any
way they desire Mr. Martin. Please, take her any way you wish! Consider her our
little thank you gift for coming over today."

Sissy looked down at Dave's hands as he reached for her nipple. She pulled her
smock wide open to give him uninhibited access. He let his palm just touch them
in a sweeping caress before letting his fingers close on the areolas and slip
down to the swollen, hard nipples. Sissy closed her eyes and emitted a soft moan
as he pressed down on the tender flesh. Dave looked up at her closed eyes as his
free hand found his cock and began to slowly massage his throbbing organ. As he
began to squeeze he clenched his teeth and watched her innocent face turn into a
grimace as he applied more intense pressure.

"You like it rough, huh?" He said as he put the sharp edges of his fingernails
into the young girls tits! His hand was stroking himself faster now as Sissy
sank onto her haunches and her hand found his penis. She began to stroke it for
him.

"Oh, it's so big! May I stoke it so you can hurt my breasts?"

His hand left his cock and now both hands were roughly molesting her breasts,
pinching and digging his fingernails into her soft breasts!

"Oh yes, Mr. Martin. Harder! Please harder! Oh you have such a wonderful cock!"

Leaning forward, his face found the warmth of her flesh between her breasts and
he kissed her and licked her skin as he continued to abuse the tender nipples.
"Oh how I want to hurt you!" He murmured between kisses. "Oh your skin is so
warm, so tender! I want to fuck you! I want to fuck you!"

"Here! Here this way! Do it this way!" Her breathing heavy she moved her body so
she was sitting on his lap facing his feet. Lifting her smock slightly she
pulled the cheeks of her ass apart and slid down on his throbbing cock, allowing
his hands to continue to manipulate her breasts!

"I'm fucking your little girl in the ass! Oh shit, Del! I'm fucking your slut
daughter in her ass! My cock is in her shit hole!"

"Oh he's so big Daddy! Look! He's so big! Oh it feels so good!" Sissy was
panting as her body moved up and down on his engorged cock!

Her rectal muscles were like a fuck machine! Her rectum could grab his cock at
the base and pull his cum out of his testicles sucking it up to the tip of his
cock! Again and again she pulled his cum as he was squeezing and pinching her
tits until his fingers ached!

"Fuck me Mr. Martin! Fuck me!" She screamed! Dave could not see her hands but it
felt like she was finger fucking herself, as she rose and descended on his cock,
pulling, sucking, drilling for his precious cum!

Her right hand was feverishly playing with herself! He was ready! He hadn't cum
twice in this short of time in years, but he felt the boiling in his testicles!
His ass was bouncing off the sofa as his semen sought escape from his groin. It
was coming! Oh shit it was coming! He grabbed her ass and spun her around while
she was still locked onto his cock!

"I want to see you! I want to see your face when I fuck you, you little shit!"
He was screaming, unable to control himself, as he was lost in lust! As she
turned completely around he saw that she had opened her smock all the way down!
It was exposing her groin and he screamed: "Oh my God! Oh my fucking God!" His
body stiffened and then began to shake uncontrollably! "Oh God! Oh God! What the
fuck have I done?"

Sissy was still holding on to his cock with her rectum, sucking his cum!  Only
she wasn't finger fucking her cunt, she was masturbating her own six-inch cock!
She had a cock! Insane with lust Dave screamed: "Oh yes! OH Yes! OH God I'm
fucking a boy! DEL! I'M FUCKING A BEAUTIFUL BOY! DEL IT'S A BOY! A MOTHER
FUCKING BOY! IT'S GOOD1 IT'S GOOD! GOOD, GOOD, GOOD! OH YES! OHHH MOTHER FUCKING
YES! OH GOD YES! YES! YES!" His body bounced off the sofa again and again as cum
gushed from his cock into her rectum!

As Sissy felt her rectum fill with his hot body fluids her body began to jerk
and she grew stiff until suddenly she bounced up and down on his abdomen, not
letting go of his penis with her ass, as her hand furiously pumped herself to
orgasm! "I am a girl! I am! I am! Oh yes! Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me! I'm a girl!
I am a girl! fuck me! Fuck my shit hole! Oh Mister Martin...YES! YES! YES!" She
was lost in her own ecstasy as her body enjoyed it's own orgasm as Dave
continued to pump every drop of semen he could muster into this boys asshole!
Only he was stunned to notice that she, he, whatever, didn't have any cum! She
had an obvious orgasm but no sperm! There were only a few drops of clear liquid
dripping from the exhausted little girl's piss hole!

Again, he fell back on the sofa exhausted. Sissy remained sitting on his cock
and even after it had shrivel back to normal, her or his rectum, clung onto it.
After catching his breath he rolled his head towards Del and Janice. "You
perverted mother fuckers!"

"Us? Hell, you're the one who fucked her!"

"Why the fuck didn't you tell me what I was about to do?"

"You probably wouldn't have fucked her." Del responded, laughing. "And I wanted
to surprise you."

"You did that! Jesus, when I saw her cock or his cock, I thought I was going to
fucking explode! I thought I was dead I was so fucking worked up! I have never,
ever been so fucking excited! I thought I was having a fucking heart attack!"

Janice and Del laughed. "How was it Honey?" They asked of Sissy.

"Oh it was so good! He's really big Daddy! He filled me up!" Turning to Dave,
Sissy added: "Thank you Mr. Martin. I'm sorry I surprised you, but you turned me
around, I didn't want to turn around."

"You are one hell of a fuck kid!" Dave said closing his eyes in exhaustion and
putting his hands on her hips. "Come here!" He slid her body up to his stomach.
"You are a very beautiful...you know if it wasn't for that cock, you'd be one of
the prettiest young ladies I've ever laid eyes on!"

"It's my clitoris. Right Daddy? It's not a cock it's a clitoris!"

"That's right Honey! You're my girl and you've got the biggest, prettiest
clitoris in town!"

"See? It's my clitoris, Mr. Martin."

"Well, since that's what it is, you are a beautiful girl! How about you calling
me, let's see, Uncle Dave? How's that?"

"Daddy?"

"That's fine pumpkin."

"Okay! You are my Uncle Dave!"

"And you are Uncle Dave's favorite little cunt!"

"I like that!" She responded, leaning down and giving him a kiss!

"Maybe we can do it again, soon?"

"Oh yes! Daddy is going help me stretch my fuck hole so I'll be an even better
slut, aren't you daddy?"

"Yes baby!" Del responded.

She leaned down and planted a warm moist kiss on his lips. His mouth opened and
she responded by opening hers allowing their tongues to meet and caress! Dave
knew what he was doing. He was kissing a sixteen year old boy, but he didn't
fucking care! This was such a bizarre, erotic experience. Her parents were not
only watching, they were enthusiastically encouraging it to happen. This young
boy believed he was a girl and he had just given Dave the best fuck he had in
years! He was anxious to repeat the pleasure.

As their lips parted, Sissy rose off of his body and sat on the floor in between
Dave and her father. "Ohhhh! Look! Your cum is coming out of my fuck hole! It
feels so good!"

Dave chuckled. "Del, you have got a real prize here! God what a treat!"

"I'm glad you enjoyed her, you can have her anytime you want Dave." Janice
responded.
"I think you should clean Dave off!" Janice added. "He may not like having your
stinky shit on his beautiful cock!"

Without responding Sissy leaned over to Dave and began to lick his cock, balls
and groin area.

"Oh shit! If I had any strength I'd stop her! Hey, it's okay kid, I'll go to the
john and clean up."

"Nonsense!" Janice responded. "Sissy made it dirty and she'll clean it up! 
Won't be the first time she's eat shit! Besides, I think you learn that she is a
wonderful cocksucker, isn't she honey? That's a good girl!"

"She's right Dave, she'll suck your balls right through your piss hole. Don't
know where she learned it, but she could teach the pros!"

"You are one hot fucked up family!" Dave said looking at Janice and Del,
chuckling and shaking his head.

"We like it!" Del responded.

Nodding towards Sissy Dave asked: "You going to tell me how this happened?"

"Sure. From a previous conversation, you might guess why I wanted a boy. At the
same time Janice wanted a little girl. Well, I got my boy. However, with Janice
wanting a girl and we've always talked and fantasized about having a little slut
daughter who would do anything and everything we ever desired! When Janice and I
talked about it, she revealed that she would love to have a little boy who she
could fuck her and who could learn to share her masochistic desires.

As soon as Sissy was born we began treating him like a little girl. The plan
from the beginning was to create a transsexual, a boy/girl! Dress him like a
girl, let her hair grow and to our surprise she loved it, even when other kids
teased her, or him." He laughed and stroked his daughter's head as she sucked
Dave's cock! "Oh she's been such a delight and satisfied a lot of our needs.
Problem was, when we gave her the female hormones to develop her breasts and
remove the possibility of facial and chest hair, Sissy lost the ability to get
an erection and ejaculate. Oh, she still feels the orgasm, but she would love to
ejaculate. I am playing with some testosterone therapy that will allow her to
ejaculate. It's more than an experiment, they are doing wonders in this area in
Europe and I'm confident that within a year or so she'll ejaculate. As far as an
erection was concerned, I gave her a penile implant. Problem with that is she is
constantly erect. So, we have a Velcro belt she wears to hold it up against her
abdomen."

"I'll be damned!"

"Well, now all we have to do is get started on your family! Ready?" Del asked.
"I guarantee I can get your wife Nancy to spread her legs any time you want and
maybe the boys would like to come and play with Janice and Sissy! Teach them
what a woman really wants and needs!"

Dave looked down at Sissy continuing to lick his cock as if it were her favorite
ice cream cone, and then over at Janice, unable to sit on the floor due to her
injuries, but sitting on her haunches next to her husband with Dave's cum still
dripping from her cunt and a smile crossed his face as he looked at Del: "Let's
do it! I'm going to schedule Nancy for an appointment before I leave and I'll
drag the bitch here if I have to!"

The room was filled with smiles except for Sissy. Her face was buried under
Dave's balls as her tongue reached down and explored the darkness of his body
that led to his rectum. He slid down on the sofa cushion and lifted his hips off
the sofa to grant her access and pulled her face deep into his rectum. Dave
closed his eyes, enjoying his anal cleaning.

His voice was just above a whisper: "Oh yes, Sissy, that's wonderful! Oh, lick
my asshole you little shit licking slut! Lick it good!"

"We're so proud of her!" Janice said as she watched with admiration.

Sissy moaned acceptance of his instructions and probed her tongue deeper into
the depths of his rectum!

 "I owe you Del! Oh Christ, I owe you big!"

"I think you could settle the debt by letting Del give you a blow-job, Dave."
Janice said chuckling, as she squatted next to Del and gently stroked his cock.
"He's talked about how much he desires you for such a long time and how much you
turn him on when you guys are at the Y. I don't know if you are aware of it, but
Del is crazy about you and talks about you a lot, haven't you darling?"

"Janice, please."

"Oh nonsense! Tell him the truth! It's time to be honest with him. Honey, I know
you're queer and so does Sissy! God, you've talked about how wonderful it would
be to be his sexual slave and have him abuse you just like you abuse Sissy and
me! Del's in love with you Dave!" She turned to Dave: "He comes home from the Y
and talks about nothing but you, gets all worked up and excited and then locks
himself in the office!  Sissy and I both know he's in here jacking off thinking
of you!  He does it so much that I'm getting jealous!"

"Del?" Dave asked.

"Daddy has told us about your stomach muscles and your hairy chest and how he
loves the way the hair covering your chest tapers down your stomach to your
groin! Daddy is queer. We know he wants you and we tease him and call him a
queer, don't we Daddy?"

Del literally blushed. "Would you two, please! Dave and I have talked about my
desires a little bit, but I'm not sure he's interested!"

"Oh, I wouldn't go that far." Dave responded. "I think you have a very good idea
of what I would need." He was smiling a cruel, menacing smile at Del.

"Are you queer, Uncle Dave?"

"In some ways Dear, I'm what you would call a bi-sexual sadist. But I do love
submissive men who understand my needs and are willing to submit to those
needs."

"God Dave, would you let Del suck you off?" Janice voice was filled with
excitement.

Dave looked at Del. "I don't think it's time for me to allow him to suck my
cock! Del is afraid to give up what he needs to give up before I will even
consider accepting him."

"Why? What did you two talk about?" Janice asked. "Do it Del, do whatever he
asks! All you have to do is do what he says! Right Dave?"

"Right. Del knows what it will cost and what he has to do to surrender to me."
Dave got up and pulled Del's huge leather desk chair out from behind Del's desk.
He put it in the center of the office and sat down, his legs spread exposing his
huge erection and hairy testicles.

"Del" Janice pressed. "Honey, are you listening? You know you want him to be
your sexual dominant! For God's sake give him whatever he wants and get down on
your knees and suck him off! What the hell's the matter with you?"

"Oh God, I want to stop this discussion right now!" Del blurted.

However, Dave continued menacingly: "Janice, your sissy little hubby is not only
a queer, he is a coward. He won't accept the same punishment he imposes on his
daughter or you. You touched yourself this morning and he allows me to beat the
shit out of you for it! Sissy masturbates while listening to me beat and fuck
you and he is going to punish her! Yet, he won't make a commitment to me because
the chicken shit coward is afraid I won't let him play with himself!"

"Oh Honey! It's kind of fun not being permitted to have an orgasm, honest! I
love it all the more when you let me! It's such a small price to pay to have a
handsome lover like Dave! Janice blurted.

"Tell Uncle Dave about his shorts and how they turn you on!" Sissy said with
excitement. "Tell him!"

"That's not important."

"Oh, I think I'd love to hear about it." Dave said, cutting Del off.

"Common Dave, you have all ready know you're the one I dream of submitting to of
being your slave! God knows I want to submit to you my very soul! You have no
idea how many times over the years I've wanted to proposition you! When you're
my second as I'm bench pressing weights, you have no idea how hard it has been
for me not to lean back on the bench and kiss that cock budging in your shorts!"
He stroked his cock as he spoke. "And, like Sissy was hinting at, when you have
been working out the sweat on the back of your shorts get soaked and I can just
see the sweat running down the crack of your ass and coating your balls! Jesus,
Dave, I want to pull your shorts down and lick your ass and balls so bad I want
to cry! I want to taste you so bad! When we leave the Y in usually drive down to
the end of the parking lot and just jack-off cause I can't wait until I get
home! Then when I do get home I jack off again drawing those sketches!"

"Sketches?" Janice asked. "What sketches Honey?"

"These!" Dave said pointing to the stack on the sofa  next to Del. "Show them to
the girls Del."

Del reached for them but Sissy grabbed them first and started examining them as
she brought them to her mother."

"Oh God Honey, you do have it bad for Dave! Oh, this is so sexy! I love this one
with you crying as Dave pounds huge nails into your testicles nailing you to
this bench! Oh Christ, I can only imagine the wonderful pain! Look you're
cumming all over the bench and screaming!"

"Daddy, are you dead in this one?" Sissy asked holding up one of the ones where
he is on the gallows, neck broken, cum squirting from his cock, while Sissy and
Janice laugh!

Embarrassed Del could only nod yes.

"Yes Sissy, your daddy is dead in that one. What do you think of that?"

"Oh, I think if you could cum at a time like that it would be so exciting!
Daddy, do you have one of Uncle Dave kicking you in the testicles, like you told
us you'd wish he'd do?"

"No, I didn't see that one Sissy." Dave said. "Hide that one Del?"

"Shit! Look!" Janice said excitedly! " Did you see this one Dave with the bench
saw going to cut him in half?"

"I like that one!" Dave said smiling. "You like that one too, don't you Dave?"

"Oh Darling it's so obvious. You need to submit to Dave. To become his slave and
submit to him! You need to be his slave Darling. Please do it! It would make me
so happy to know you have found someone who can and will meet your needs. I
don't think he'll do these things to you, but I know he can bring you the same
kind of pleasure you bring me."

"You just don't understand." Del said. "You have no idea what will happen to
you, the house, the business, everything we have if I become his slave! God
knows I want to, but it just seems so, so unfair!"

"What will happen Darling?"

"Dave will only accept me if I give him the business, the house and everything
we own including our savings! You'll have nothing! I'll have nothing! You and
Sissy will be out on the street."

"Dave?" Janice asked.

"It's quite simple Janice. If he really wants to be my sexual slave he has to
surrender to me his free will. When he does that he and everything he has
becomes mine. As my sexual slave he becomes merely a piece of meat from which I
take pleasure whenever and wherever I want. Without free will he loses his right
to think and therefore he can't run a business or take care of a family or a
house."

Janice nodded yes as if she understood. "I guess that makes sense, doesn't
Darling? Could Sissy and I continue to work here if you owned the business?"

"If and when Del commits to serve me he is no longer your husband or her father.
He has no ties to you. You'll never speak to him or see him again. He loses his
name and all of his identity. He's basically dead as far as you or anyone else
is concerned. So it would be senseless for me to promise anyone anything."

"See what I mean Honey!" Del spoke, his voice choked up with emotion.

"Can I keep my car?"

"Is it in your name or his?"

"My name." Del said his head hanging down.

"Then the answer is no." Dave was stern and flat in his response.

"Yes. Yes, I guess I understand." Janice said choking on her uncertain future.

"If I do this, what are you and Sissy going to do to make a living?"

Janice looked at Sissy, pushed up her chest with pride: "I return to the
streets. I'm still good looking I can hook to make a living and look at Sissy!
Men will pay a fortune to fuck her and beat her! I could probably find someone
who will put our pictures on the Internet and one of those cameras so men will
pay to watch other men fuck and beat Sissy and me! We'll make out fine!"

"Oh Christ, what am I doing?" Del cried.

"You're doing what you have to do to find happiness!" Janice said.

"Very supportive family, Del. So, what are you going to do?"

"He really wants to be your sex slave." Janice said caressing his face. "Please
take him! He needs you to fuck him and abuse him! We'll make out fine. Maybe
once in a while you will let him play with himself? It's so important to him!"

"He knows I don't make promises to slave shitheads. Is her going to make up his
mind without any more bullshit or am I just wasting of my time."

"Do it Daddy! Don't worry about us! The hurt feels good after a while, I
promise. After a while you want more! You want it to hurt more and more! Until,
until you want it to be so bad that you'll die! I want it like that Daddy!
You'll see, you'll want it that bad too!"

Del caressed her soft red hair. "Dave?"

Dave shook his head. "I will promise you this." Dave said leaning back in Del's
luxurious leather chair and folding his hands behind his head. "I promise to
take you to the depths of masochistic hell! I promise to destroy you as a human
being.  I will hurt you like you never dreamed of hurting. You will know
isolation, loneliness and emptiness like you have never imagined. You will see
no one of whom I don't approve and I will never approve your seeing, talking or
hearing from your family.  I will promise to publicly humiliate you so that the
mention of your name in this down will provoke hate and disgust! You will have
nothing. You will be nothing. You will no longer have a name, let alone a family
or a single friend. I certainly will no longer be a friend. You will never again
know compassion, sympathy or happiness. You will have no desires other than
those that I decide will please me. If you kneel before me and take my penis
into your filthy mouth your very life will belong to me and I will kill you
whenever and wherever it pleases me. Those are my promises. Now, are you going
to acknowledge your pathetic lust to submit or am I going to get the fuck out of
here and write you off as a chicken shit faggot!"

"Oh my God! Do it Honey! Oh Christ, do it! Suck it! Get down on your knees and
suck his cock! Did you hear what he said? That was so fucking cruel! He's going
to be so good for you! Jesus I never dreamed there could be someone so cruel!"
Janice was finger fucking herself as she kneeled next to Del! "God I can't
imagine how wonderfully horrific it will be for you to live filled with such
constant terror and fear!"

"Uncle Dave, will you take me and mommy to?" Sissy got on her knees in front of
him! I'll suck you! I will! I'll become your slave! What you said? It really
excites me Uncle Dave! You know I like pain! I can take it, I promise!"

"Yes Dave, let Sissy and me submit! Even if Del doesn't, fuck him! Take me into
that hell you talked about! I want to go with you Dave! Please Dave? Please? I
want to know that fear! I'll be good for you, I'll do everything you say and
never ever hesitate to do it, I promise! You want me to kiss my little girl?
I'll do it! You want me to kill Del? Commit suicide? Whatever you want Dave,
just take me to hell!"

Dave shook his head no. "This is Del's opportunity to make all of his
masochistic fantasies come true. This is his chance to give up his humanity and
become a real slave. I wouldn't have the time to deal with all three of you! I
will be teaching Del to endure violence upon his body like he never imagined and
to know that whatever he does or doesn't do could result in his death. A death
that no one will mourn! If he chooses to accept my offer only death will release
him from the agony I will impose on his body and mind and in death I will feed
rats so he will become what he truly is, rat shit!"

Janice was humping her fingers, her eyes rolled back in her sockets with drool
running from her lips down her jaw! "OH...OH..DO IT DEL! OH CHRIST, DO IT! OH I
WANT YOU TO SUFFER BABY! YOU NEED IT! HE'S SO BEAUTIFULLY CRUEL! RAT SHIT! DID
YOU HEAR HIM? YOU'LL BE RAT SHIT! IMAGINE YOURSELF BEING FED TO RATS! OH HOW
FUCKING REPULSIVELY EXCITING! YOU KNOW YOU NEED THIS! GOD I NEED IT! TO KNOW YOU
THIS IS YOUR DESTINY! THIS HORROR! THIS TERROR! YOU NEED A CRUEL BEAST LIKE DAVE
AS YOUR MASTER! OH GOD I WANT TO COME WITH YOU DEL! I'LL SUBMIT! I'LL BE HIS
CUNT SLAVE! TAKE ME DAVE! PLEASE!  DO IT DEL! DON'T BE A FUCKING CHICKEN!  DO
IT! DO IT! DO IT! DO IT! DOOHHHHHHHHHHHH!" Cum poured from her cunt as she
kissed his arm at the bicep! See how excited it makes me! Christ, I wish he'd
take me! Damn I'd suck his cock without hesitation! Do it baby! For me and
Sissy!"
	
"DO IT DADDY! MOMMY AND I WANT TO GO WHY WON'T YOU? DO IT, LET UNCLE DAVE HAVE
YOU!" Sissy shouted as she stroked her bizarre cock. "PLEASE, PLEASE, PLEASE
UNCLE DAVE! I WANT TO GO WITH YOU! I WANT TO BE PUNISHED LIKE YOU PROMISED
DADDY! YOU KNOW I LIKE IT UNCLE DAVE, PLEASE!"

Del's body was visibly, which excited Dave. He loved seeing a potential slave so
scared. Del's obvious fear of commitment was giving Dave an erection. He had to
spur everything along. He wanted to see Del kneeling between his legs giving him
a blowjob so bad that he was afraid he'd let him do it without making the
commitment!

Del's lower lip was quivering and his breathing was heavy. He was so pathetic as
he looked at his wife and in a nervous whisper with a shaky voice he said: "I
love you Janice!"

Janice kissed his cheek, tears in her eyes. "Don't be a coward darling. I want
you to die in such agony that you really get to know the depths of hell, like
Dave says! I want you to feel all the pain and suffering you have ached for so
long! In my dreams, wherever you are, I know I'll hear you scream! I wish we
were going, I envy you this opportunity Darling, I envy you! "

"Sissy, baby." He turned his head to her kneeling on the other side of him.
"Sissy, I love you!"

Sissy through her arms around his neck and kissed him several times. "Oh Daddy
it sounds so wonderful! If you go, I just know Uncle Dave's going to hurt you
real bad! I wish it were me who was going to be his slave! When you're gone, if
Mommy will help me, I'm going lock myself in the old coal bin in the basement so
I'm isolated just like you will be! You can think of me. I'll piss and poop in
my cellar and maybe Mommy will feed me her piss and poop and throw away the key,
just in case I get scared and try to get out. Will you mommy?  Will you?"

Janice stroked Sissy's face and gave her a light kiss. "Yes Baby. I know how
much you like to suffer. I'll even come down and beat you, if that's what you
want."

"Oh yes, Mommy! You'll beat me and then, when you think it's time, without
warning me, you'll surprise me and hang me with a rope and let me masturbate
until I die, just like daddy wants to do!"

"See Del. You're daughter is braver than you are. She knows what she wants and
she's willing to do what is necessary!"

" Oh Daddy you're going to be so scared, but it will be so exciting! I just know
it!"

"Janice?" Del's legs were weak and shaking. His voice quivered.

"Del, do you have any idea how much you are embarrassing me right now? "Janice
said, visibly angry. "You disgust me! God I hate you when you act like this! The
disappointment and the distain I feel for you right now makes me want to vomit!
Jesus, your daughter has more guts than you do! How in the hell could I ever
love such a fucking coward? You know, If I knew that the minute Dave accepted me
as his slave he was going to rape me with a butcher knife, I'd get him the
fucking knife! Why? Because I know I'm a slut and a masochist! I need that
violence committed upon me! I need to feel that rage! To feel a sharp blade
cutting and ripping and tearing my flesh!  Turning my cunt into a bloody chunk
of meat! Tearing my cunt to pieces so I might feel my blood rushing from my
cunt, draining my life from me as he laughs and sticks his cock into my bloody
cunt and fucks me as I breath my last pathetic breath. And when I finally die
and fall into the abyss of hell, he fills my dead worthless cunt with his sperm! 
That he would butcher me and disemboweling me without compassion or guilt, but
because it gives him pleasure, is what I live for! Not to live life with a
selfish fucking coward who thinks it is more important to cum than it is to
submit to the masochistic hell he has ached for, for his entire pathetic life!
Fuck you Del! Fuck you! Either you commit right now or Sissy and I walk out that
door and out of your pathetic life forever!"  She slapped his face and turned
her back on him, hugging Sissy.

Dave was close to ejaculation so he backed off from pumping his cock. Beads of
clear pre-cum had slipped down his shaft, which made his cock glisten.
Del turned and looked at Dave. "Okay. Okay Dave." He forced a smile with
trembling lips. "Meet your new slave! What...what do I do now?"

Dave was so excited he could feel his heart pounding in his chest. His mouth was
dry from excitement and he licked his lips before speaking. "The first lesson is
that from this moment on you are no longer a doctor, a husband, a father or even
a man. You are mine. You are a piece of meat without a name or a number to
identify you. The second lesson is that from this moment on there are only three
words in your vocabulary. They are "Yes Sir or Yes Master" Do you understand?"

"Ye..ye..Yes sir!"

"Good. Now go to your typewriter and type out a new Will. Short and sweet but
noting that this is your last will and testament and that it supersedes all
other similar documents. That you are leaving your business, your home and all
of your holdings, including stocks, bonds and other investments to your dear and
trusted friend, Dave Martin. And that it is your hope that, upon your death, it
is your hope that he would care for your wife and daughter. Date it five months
ago. Got that?"

"Yes sir."  Del crawled to the typewriter and began typing.

Dave turned to Janice, his mind was racing he tried to think of things he would
need. Things were happening fast and he wanted to be prepared for taking Del out
of here and into his basement cell at home. "We will need some rope for
afterwards along with some duct tape and didn't I see some scalpels in that
counter? Get a couple of scalpels!"

"Yes sir!" She responded.

 He smiled thinking that she was acting as if he had accepted her. Who would
have thought when he got up this morning all of this would have taken place?

"Sissy, you better go out and cancel all of your dad's appointments for the rest
of the week. Then we'll post the notice that the clinic is closed until further
notice."

"Yes sir." She left the room.

Del finished typing and gave the document to Dave. "Sir?"

After reading it Dave put it back on the desk. "Sign it. Janice, I'd like you to
sign as his witness."

She returned with the rope, tape and scalpels. "Yes sir. Here sir?"

"Yes that's fine. Now piss head, I want you to write out the following note long
hand."

"Yes sir?"

"To whom it may concern,

I am deeply sorry for all I have done. Many of the women who have been my
patients have been mutilated and sexually abused by me without their consent. I
have initiated abortions without their knowledge for my own sick pleasure. I
have artificially inseminated women without their knowledge. I have infected
patients with various infections including the HIV virus. I have mutilated my
wife and daughter as well as sexually abused them. It is for all of the above
reasons as well as others that I have taken my life! While these perversions
gave me pleasure, I know I must die.
								Delbert Peterson
M.D.

Don't date it. I'm not sure as yet when we will use it."

Del wrote it with an appropriate shaky hand that pleased Dave. Still wearing his
latex gloves he examined the document, folded it and laid it back on the desk.

"Very good." He responded.  "Now to demonstrate that I am a generous master, I
find your slut wife's enthusiastic desire to be fucked to death with a butcher
knife intrigues me as well as your daughter's sick desire to suffer the agony of
total isolation. Therefore, if this cocksucking pig can bring me to orgasm, I
will also accept both of you as slaves. However, as a token of your sincerity,
after he gives me oral pleasure I will shit on the floor and you two whores will
fight like bitches in heat to consume it. Acceptable?"

"Oh yes sir!" Janice said, falling to her knees and kissing his feet. "Thank
you! Thank you! Thank you!"

"And what about you, you mutilated cunt?" He asked looking at Sissy.

She was crying as she pumped her sperm free cock. "Oh yes! Oh Uncle Dave, Thank
you! I'll do everything you want. Anything! Anything! Thank you!" She also fell
to her knees and began to kiss his legs and feet.

Janice looked up at her new master. "Sir, I would so love it if you would
consider sitting on my face and shitting directly into my mouth so I could know
the joy of being your toilet and taste the heat and sweetness of your bowels
coming directly into my unworthy mouth!"

"No!" Sissy interrupted. "He said we could both have some! No master! Please!"

Dave smiled, his groin ready to explode. "I think there are more than two turds.
I will sit on each of your ugly faces and adorn each of you with the brown
treasure of my bowels."

They both said "Thank you!" and resumed kissing and licking his feet.

Dave looked at Del. "It's time. You may now kneel before me and accept my cock
as a token of your servitude.

Del kneeled. He looked at his wife and then his daughter, tears in his eyes and
his body shaking in fear. He then looked up into the eyes of his master.

"You may proceed." Dave said holding his cock so as to aim it directly into
Del's waiting mouth! Slowly Del opened his mouth and moved his head to meet this
beautiful shaft, glistening with pre-cum. Kissing the piss hole he allowed the
head of Dave's cock to enter his mouth!

Dave closed his eyes as his cock was wrapped in ecstasy. Del was good! He was a
natural! Oh, it was so hard to hold back from instantly exploding into Del's
mouth, but Dave wanted to savor the pleasure as long as possible. His head fell
back onto the back of the leather chair as he contemplated the ecstasy he would
enjoy producing three snuff films with these three fucking perverts! Christ,
he'd make a fucking fortune selling the tapes! He had to restrain himself from
ejaculating as he contemplated fucking Janice with a butcher knife, torturing
their boy/girl pervert and the slow process of hanging Del, seeing the horror on
his face as he realizes he won't be permitted his ultimate fantasy of
ejaculating at the moment of his death! Then it came. The rush he knew he could
no longer control! The hot sperm that boiled in his testicles was boiling! It
was surging through his groin, racing for the nerve ending of his cock that
would result in the incredible pleasure of an orgasm! Hot cum was racing through
his urinary tract until it exploded out of his piss hole into Del's waiting
mouth!

 As the erotic pleasure encompassed his entire being he felt a new heat! There
was a tingle, a burn and suddenly he was engulfed in incredible pain! Wetness
filled his groin and a scream escaped his lips as he opened his eyes to confront
the horror before him! His severed cock was hanging from Del's cum covered mouth
as Del held a bloody scalpel in his hands! Hot blood was spurting from Dave's
groin! He attempted to lunge forward but Janice looped the rope around his neck,
pulling him back into the chair, shutting off oxygen to his brain! She tied the
rope behind the high backed chair and with the expertise of someone who had done
this before she wrapped it around his wrists around the arms of the leather
bound mahogany arms to restrict his further resistance!

"I get his testicles, Daddy! Remember you promised!" Sissy screamed with
excitement.

"Here you are Darling." He said as he removed the dead bleeding cock from his
mouth and lifted Dave's balls from the torrent of blood. With a clean swipe as
Dave watched in wide-eyed horror, he sliced off the hairy sack that contained
his manhood!

"She likes them deep fried!" Del said smiling at his former friend. "Janice and
I will slice this beautiful cock into real thin slices and pan fry it. Oh God it
is good mixed with fried potatoes and onions!"

"Here Honey. Catch some of the blood!" Janice said, handing Del a couple of
empty jars. He placed them under Dave's groin to capture the precious fluid.

Dave struggled with his bounds. "It's no use Dave. You have to die. At least I
did let you cum! Something you wouldn't have done for me you son-of-a-bitch!"

"He's about to die Daddy, I can tell."

"Yes he is sweetie. Here, put these in a jar and you can have them for lunch!"
Del said handing her Dave's blood covered testicles. "It's so hard for cannibals
today to find fresh lean meat. I told Janice you would be nice and lean. Of
course I'll have to butcher you and freeze parts of you for later, but we'll
have fresh meat for a couple of days!"

"Dave?" Janice said, "Before you die I want you to know that when you broke my
nose it really wasn't necessary. Want to know what it felt like? Here!" With
that she took a book end off the desk and smashed it into his face, shattering
his nose sending blood squirting all over his face and chest! Filled with
revenge she hit him again, crushing his cheekbones and knocking out several of
his teeth! "Fuck you! Fuck you! Fuck you!" she screamed until finally dropping
the bookend on the floor.

Del looked at his wife: "Honey, you were good, you were very good. So were you
Sissy! God, you really turned me on with your performance!"

"Thank you Daddy. But you deserved the academy award!"

"It was fun, wasn't it?"

"Yeah! God this one was the most fun!"

Janice kissed her daughter. "Remember, he said his bowels were full! We'll have
to take them out carefully and tie them off and I'll fix boiled bowels and
potatoes for dinner tonight!

"Oh yummy!" Sissy said with glee!

Choking on his own blood as life drained away, Sissy leaned over his weak
remains and kissed him on the cheek and whispered in his ear: "Uncle Dave?" He
didn't respond. "Uncle Dave?" she repeated herself turning his head towards her
so she could see his bloody face. She kissed him again. "It was fun Uncle Dave,
Welcome to hell!"

His eyes rolled up in their sockets as his heart stopped and he slipped into the
abyss of death.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Marion


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





