BDSM Library - Bred By My Secretary




Bred By My Secretary
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A lawyer hires a temp who has a hidden agenda.
Bred by My Secretary

By Jackpot

All the usual disclaimers. You must be over 18 to read this.

You have been warned. This is for adults only!!!





"Well I worked for a couple years at L, J &J Law firm in Seattle as well."

"I see, well I think I have heard enough here. I think you will be perfect for
this temp job, your secretary skills are obviously very high."

"Oh, great, I need this extra job as an add-on. The extra money will come in
handy."

"Well then, can you start tomorrow dear?

"Of course I can."

"Great Cindy, I look forward to seeing you then."

"Thank you Ms. Davis." She gave me a firm handshake and left the room.

I thought,

"This girl is perfect. She is tall too, about 5'10" I would imagine...with such
wonderful, long blonde hair. She doesn't seem like a bubblehead, which is good.
I wonder what her other job is? She didn't mention it. Well, I will give her a
week and see how things work out."

I moved over to my desk and took out my mirror to fix my lipstick. I always
brushed my long black hair some after I did that. After all, my Mom always
taught me to be good looking at all times and keep my hair well groomed and
clean. I was picture perfect as usual. "It is hard to do that at 40, and it was
nice to see a young, vibrant 22-year-old applying for a change instead of the 16
and 17 year olds or the over the hill ones." I thought. "Well tomorrow should be
an interesting day."

I stepped over into the main office where she was at one of the desks in the
corner of the room.

"Hi Cindy, how is that document coming along?"

"Oh, I finished that a long time ago, Ms. Davis." She said while looking at this
weird magazine. It had all sorts of fetish outfits and toys inside of it.

"Youth." I thought. "Well, you finished that in no time. You are very quick,
young lady, and from what I see nice work too. She began to pick up a lipstick
from her purse. It was a very bright red. It looked very nice on her lips.

"Would you like to try it? It is a new color I found." She asked looking up to
me with her eloquent eyes. She was a well-dressed young lady. She had on a nice
tight-fitting brown suit, and with her long legs she filled it out very nicely.
She pulled me down to her face.

"Um, ah, no, I was just admiring it on you dear, that's all." I said with a
flush.

"Nonsense, let's see how it looks on you. Here, let me get a tissue." She
grabbed a tissue and pushed my cheeks together to pucker up my lips. She had
long, slender fingers, and beautifully shaped nails. They were bright red too.
She wiped off my lipstick as best as she could and then applied hers. I was a
bit embarrassed over it.

"See, wow! You look nice with it Ms. Davis. Here, see in my mirror." And she
handed it over to me. Of course without the proper removal of my own lipstick it
couldn't look that great.

"Hem, yes, it is very nice." I said with a blush.

"You like?" She said giving me a cute little grin.

"Yes, I do, a very nice tone."

"You just need to open yourself up more to new ideas Ms. Davis. I am sure I can
help you to do that. You dress way too conservatively." She said in a firm
manner.

I was a bit shocked at her remark. After all, there she was dressed
conservatively herself. "What was wrong with my tan suite?" I wondered.

"Why did she make that remark?" I let it pass and went back to my own office. I
was visibly disappointed by her remark.

Well the days passed nicely and Cindy was in her third week at the Law firm. I
had an interesting case that was keeping me busy. I was working feverishly at
the keyboard when Cindy sneaked up behind me and started to caress my long black
hair. I was taken back a bit by it.

"What are you doing..." I reached back to turn to her and grasp her hands.

"Oh, just relax Ms. Davis. You are too tense. You have such beautiful black
hair. It is so smooth, almost like a horse's mane. You keep it so beautiful. May
I brush it?"

I was astonished that she wanted to do that, it seemed highly irregular. I was
wondering if she was a lesbian or something. I really didn't want any part of
that, but she said it so innocently and honestly that I just let her do it.

"Um, well, okay my brush is in my top desk drawer."

"Thanks." She said.

She began to stroke my hair and it did feel very, very relaxing. No one had done
that to me since my Mom did when I was a little kid. She had such a nice, soft
touch with her hands, it felt genuinely good.

"Your hair is so soft Ms. Davis, so very, very soft. It feels so good to let me
brush your hair...so very, very good. You love when I stroke it and move my
fingers in it...it is so very, very soft, so very, very soft...you love how soft
it feels...it makes you tingle inside...so very, very, soft. That softness and
the ease of my brush strokes makes you so relaxed and easy, almost as if you
just want to sleep....yes, sleep...a soft and tender sleep..."

I could hear her words seeping into my mind as she brushed my hair and I could
feel how soft she was. All of a sudden all I could think about was how soft
everything was. I was getting sleepy. "How did she know that I felt sleepy?" I
wondered. My eyes grew heavy I almost wanted to close them.

"That's it Ms. Davis, don't fight it....so soft....so very, very soft...it makes
you want to sleep...to just close your eyes and have a gentle, soft, and restful
sleep. Sleep for me Ms. Davis...sleep for Cindy...you know that all you want to
do right now is sleep....a soft, tender sleep. Just let go and go to
sleep...sleep now....sleep!"

"Now, Ms. Davis, whenever you hear me say the word 'soft' you will immediately
go into a deep, deep trance for me, almost as if you would like to sleep but you
will be able to hear all my commands that I give you. After you wake up you will
have a sudden desire to go shopping with me. You will listen to everything I
say. If I tell you to buy slut outfits you will do so. You will wonder why you
are doing it and maybe resist, but you will succumb to your feelings of obeying
me. Tell me you will obey me Ms. Davis, tell me?"

"I....I will obey you."

"Whenever you are in this state you will call me Ms. Cindy, do you understand,
slave?"

"Y....Yes."

"Yes what?

"Yes Ms. Cindy."

"Good girl. Now when I count down from five to one, you will wake up and forget
all of this except your need to follow all my suggestions, especially the ones
that relate to your dress attire. Is that clear slave?"

"Yes, Ms. Cindy."

"Good girl. Now, five, starting to awaken...four beginning to feel more and more
refreshed...three, eyes opening and mind becoming alert once more... two,
feeling very relaxed and one, fully awake now."

I heard a clap! I was wondering where the time went.

"Is everything all right Cindy? I think I might have fallen asleep, but I am not
sure?"

"Oh everything is just fine, Ms. Davis. You got really relaxed as I was brushing
your hair. That's all." Then she took my hair in her hands and pulled it back.

"Have you ever thought about tying your hair back into a ponytail? I think it
would look just great. Such beautiful, long black hair held back and away from
your face, what do you think?"

"Well, I don't know. I mean I have never kept my hair like that, but if you
think it would look good, maybe I should try that." I said to her, not even
knowing why I was agreeing with her. I hated to have my hair tied back. I began
to wonder why I agreed with her so easily.

"Good, then it will be tied back from now on, yes?" She looked at me firmly. It
was almost like a command.

"Um, well, yes, okay Cindy if that is what you want." Again I simply agreed with
her. "Why was I doing that?" I wondered.

"Yes Ms. Davis, that is what I want. I think you should go with me shopping
after work today. I will help you to pick out better clothing for you to wear to
work." Again she spoke firmly.

"I...but...I mean...I have a full wardrobe already and I don't think..." She cut
me off.

"Oh, but you do want to look pretty for me don't you?" She insisted.

"Ah, yes, I mean, well of course..."

"Good, then it is settled. We will go shopping tonight." She finalized it like I
had no say.

"Um, okay Cindy, that is a good idea." I said it without even giving my own
opinions. I simply had to agree with her for some reason. "This was weird!" I
thought.

"Great, see you in a bit." And she bounced out of my office.

Later that evening, just before leaving, I walked up to her desk. She was
reading that weird magazine again.

"What the hell is that stuff you read all the time?" I asked.

"Oh, just some fashion tips, don't worry about it. Are we ready to do our little
shopping now?" She asked

"Um, well yes, I guess so." I said.

"Good, come along now." She spoke to me like I was a kid. We drove in her car.
Something was itching me inside. I had to ask her about it,

"Cindy, I am curious, you said you needed an add-on job in the interview. You
have another job, other than this temp-one?"

"Oh, sure, lots of people have two jobs these days." She said rather innocently.

"Well, what is that you do?" I cleared my throat.

"I breed ponies." She said. I was a bit surprised.

"Oh, really, I have always thought that horses were such fine animals and wanted
to ride one some day. So you like ponies? I know they are smaller and all,
but..." She cut me off.

"You don't seem to understand me Ms. Davis. I breed pony girls."

I was confused.

"You mean like female ponies?" I inquired.

"No, I mean like real girls, girls that want to become ponies for me." She
smiled back at me. My mouth hung open. I could not believe what she was saying.

"Oh, my God, that is so perverted, I mean that is disgusting!" I said with
emphasis.

"Not really, and don't knock it until you've tried it, Ms. Davis." She said with
a sinister laugh.

"Oh, no, I could never do such a thing..."

"Well, wouldn't you be just a bit curious about it. I mean about how it all
works, and how I do this?" She seemed to be baiting me.

"No way, I think that is horrible, why would I possibly want to see such a
thing?" I asked her looking down at my feet.

"Well you would get an idea why some women love to do this kind of stuff, but of
course if you are a prude..."

"I am not. I am not a prude. It is just that...well just..."

"Just what?"

I was fumbling for an answer.

"I don't think people should do that to other people..."

"But why? Until you see it, how can you be a judge of it?" She said rather
curtly.

"Why don't you come with me over the weekend to the farm I have? I will show you
some of the stables and you can see for yourself."

"Um, no, I think I will be very busy with this case I am on. I have so much
typing to do..."

"Nonsense, I can do all that. You are just scared." She spoke like I was a
little child again.

"I am not scared. When would you want to go there?" I said firmly, feeling good
that I was standing up to her.

"Well, how about this Saturday?" She grinned again.

"Um, well, okay, but I am only observing it!" I said with strong emphasis.

"Good, then it is settled." There she was again confirming everything like I had
no say in it.

We finally arrived at the mall. She was a fast walker. I found myself always a
few paces behind her. She took me to this really strange store that catered to
teens and young girls.

"Wow, look at this! It is really hot. It is a black leather skirt. It is very
short and with this hot red blouse you'd look super. And look, these shoes would
go great with it." She beamed at me.

"Cindy, I could never where that outside, no less in the office, you've got to
be crazy, it is so s...." I couldn't say it.

"Slutty? Come here Ms. Davis, and go try it on, do it now." She spoke to me
firmly. I didn't want to but for some reason I wanted to please her.

"Cindy, please, I can't do..."

"Go try it on now!" She commanded.

"Um, well okay, but this..."

"Nonsense, hurry up now."

I went into the dressing room and put the clothing on. Everything seemed too
tight to me. I came out. I was also wearing the shoes she found for me. They
were black high-heeled pumps. I could barely walk on them.

"Well, my, my, don't you look like the proper slut now." She said laughing. I
began to grimace.

"Look, Cindy, it is too tight and I couldn't wear this outfit to work." I said.

"But of course you could, and with a little weight taken off, you will look fine
in it. You dress too uptight, Ms. Davis. Let some of the men in our office ooooh
and ahhhhhh a bit, show off that great body. This will go great with the new
lipstick I put on you the other day...of course, we will have to do something
about your nails. I can't believe a woman of your age doesn't know how to take
care of yourself. Now, take them off and try these on!"

I couldn't believe she said that to me, like I was a child or something. Here
she was just twenty-two and me a grown woman of forty letting her lead me around
like a little kid.

She handed me three dresses that were very short and very tight looking. They
were in different colors. One was hot pink, and the others red and green. The
colors were so bright I could hardly look at them. They were so tight forming on
me that they shriveled up some.

"Wow, you look great. With those lines you look really sexy. You will buy them."
She said matter-of-factly. Then she went over to this one-piece rubber outfit.
It even had a rounded top to fit over my head. I was going to put my foot down
here.

"No, there is no way I could ever fit into that first of all, and secondly it is
very lewd!" I tried to sound firm.

"It would look great on you, and besides, everyone who goes to the farm wears
them. It is like a symbol for our little club."

"Look here, Cindy, I am not part of that club. I was only going to go there to
please you and watch..."

"But that is all I want. Everyone who watches wears them; but I don't think we
could go this weekend after all. You will need to lose some weight to get into
this suit. I think a corset would help." She giggled.

"Now, just wait a minute..."

"It will help shape your figure so you can get into this rubber suit, you could
wear it under your nice business suits to work. You must also wear it to bed at
night, this way it will work even better."

I was speechless. She could not be serious about all this. "How could I possibly
wear such things, and why was I compelled to obey her?"

She held the suit up to my nose and made me smell the rubber. I liked the smell
for some reason.

"Smells good, doesn't it?"

"Y....yes." I said

"Yeeeeees, it does, doesn't it. You know that just from smelling it alone you
would like to wear it. Imagine it on your skin so tight and firm, hugging your
whole body like a warm glove. So smooth and nice." She rubbed it against my
skin.

It was making me wet for some reason. The feel of the rubber and the way she was
describing it. I tried not to show her how hot it was making me. "What was
happening to me?" I was not a lesbian or anything, but when she put it up to my
skin I tingled. I blushed in shame.

"You like this, don't you Ms. Davis? You like when I put it up to your nose and
let you feel it on your skin. You can't wait to wear it for me, to bury you
whole body in it, isn't that right, hem?" She cajoled me.

"Mmmmmm, yes, it is nice."

"I know. It will take about a month to get you in it I think, then we will go to
my farm." There she went with that damn farm again.

We looked at some other items, like sexy lingerie, and she picked up two outfits
for herself. She found a hot two-piece leather outfit with fishnet stockings,
and another one-piece leather outfit. I wondered where she could possibly wear
them. We picked up a brown and black leather corset for me. I was completely
opposed to it, but she insisted it would help get my figure into shape for the
rubber suit. We went to check out.

"Now put this all on your cards Ms. Davis. I am going to head back to the car,
will meet you there."

I was stunned. "Did she expect me to pay for all of this, her outfits too? Who
did she think she was?" I became very upset, but she did it all so fast, I just
had to pay for it. I resolved to tell her in the car. I had to carry all that
stuff back alone too. I was furious.

I got to her car and she opened the trunk. I slammed the lid real hard after
putting it all in and stormed into the car,

"Look, Cindy, this has gone far enough. You expect me to pay for all these items
including yours and you don't even help me carry them to the car, this is
just..." She cut me off.

"Ms. Davis!" She shouted out.

"What?"

"Soft!" For some reason I couldn't think my mind started floating away.

"Perfect, she is in a trance."

"Now, Ms. Davis, I am tired of listening to your voice right now, so you are
just going to shut up for a while. You will close your eyes and go to sleep...a
nice warm, soft, and peaceful sleep...just as you have done for me before; and
when we get back to the office lot you will wake up refreshed and very happy you
have bought all these wonderful, slut clothes for yourself. Now, go to sleep."

I remember waking up and feeling so good in the car.

"Wow, you really must have been tired. I had to clap to wake you up? Cindy said.

"Yes, I guess I was sleepy. Oh, thank you for the wonderful time and all the
beautiful outfits you helped me find. This was fun." I said it, but wasn't sure
why, I really felt more like a tramp after this evening.

"Oh, Ms. Davis, it was no bother. It was fun for me to teach an older woman how
to dress more appropriately. Sometimes we all need a mother figure as a guiding
light." She chuckled.

I wasn't sure why she said that. I mean she was half my age. "How dare she?" I
thought, but again the words just wouldn't come out right.

"Yes, it was almost as if you were my big sister tonight, thank you for teaching
me." I blushed, but why? "Why did I say that?"

"Awe, that's okay Ms. Davis." And she reached over to give me a hug and a gentle
kiss on my cheek." I didn't know why but it felt so good.

"Now, you run along now, sweetie, and don't forget what I told you in the store;
and wear something hot for me tomorrow." She grinned.

"Oh, yes, Cindy, but I hope they approve. Bye now." I was still not sure what I
was doing. I didn't understand what she meant by what she told me in the store.
I also wasn't sure why I responded to her with approval all the time when it
wasn't what I wanted to do. This was very strange.

I went home and got into a comfortable nightie. I was really tired after all the
clothes hunting we did. I was just about to drift off to sleep when my phone
rang,

"Hello."

"Hi Ms. Davis?"

"Cindy, what do want? How did you get my phone number?"

"I have my ways." She giggled.

"I don't recall my records being in the personnel folders?" I was a bit upset.

"Oh, really, Ms. Davis, I am your secretary, do you think I don't know how to
find out these things? Perhaps you whispered it to me in your sleep?" She said
in a real soft tone. It made me feel comfortable somehow.

"Um, well, maybe...I mean...I guess so." I was fumbling for some reason.

"Of course dear, you wouldn't want me any other way. I am a good secretary and
that is what you so need, yes?"

"Um, yes, of course." I acknowledged her, not knowing why again.

"Now, did you do as I told you?" Her voice became firm.

"What do you mean, Cindy?"

"I mean, are you wearing it?"

"Wearing what?"

"You forgot."

"Um, forgot what?

"The corset, you are supposed to wear the corset to bed." She seemed very
serious.

"Look, Cindy, I am not going to wear any corset to bed, it is way too
uncomfortable, besides..."

"Now, Ms. Davis, we have been all through this already, you agreed it would be
great for your figure and you were going to diet for me too. You do want to get
into your nice rubber suit, don't you?"

I was silent for a moment.

"Well, don't you? Answer me this instant?" She commanded.

I had to confess that the rubber suit did turn me on somehow,

"Well, yes, but..."

"No buts, Ms. Davis, go put the corset on right now." Again it was like she was
commanding me.

"Um, okay, Cindy, I will put it on." I said it almost like a little schoolgirl
would.

"Good girl, I will wait for you." She said.

I went and took the corset out of its box and I felt it. The leather was so
smooth and it had such a nice, soft, feel to it. I loved the smell of it. I knew
it would be tight. I struggled to get it on. I had a very hard time lacing it
up. I knew I could not do it properly by myself. My back was hurting from the
awkward position of reaching in back to tie it up. I took in a real deep breath
so I could fit it on as tight as possible. Then I went back to the phone.

"Cindy?"

"Yes, you got it on?"

"Yes."

"Good girl, you sound all pooped out?" She giggled.

"It is very tight. I am having a hard time breathing with it on." I gasped some.

"Well, that is normal. You will just have to get used to it; after all, it is
one of the prices we gals have to pay for putting up with a great figure. Didn't
your mommy teach you anything, Ms. Davis?" Her last remark embarrassed me.

"Um, yes, of course, but I never wore one of these before, that's all" I said
sheepishly. "Why could I not stand up to her?"

"Well, in time you will get used to it; and at work I can help you tighten it
really good in the bathroom...but don't wear it tomorrow, I want you in that
nice, slutty, red blouse and leather skirt you bought." That made me angry.

"I am not a slut, Cindy!" I was breathing heavy.

"Well of course your not, but even a big girl like you can act slutty once in a
while can't she? Let your hair down once in a while, Ms. Davis. Be a slut even
for just one day, yes?"

I was a bit confused. "Was she telling me I was some uptight broad? Maybe this
was what she thought about me. I could show her different. I knew I could be
sexy. Perhaps she was right? I needed to open up a little."

"I...I guess it wouldn't hurt that much." I blurted out.

"That's my girl. I knew you wouldn't disappoint me." She said with confidence.

"Now remember to wear the corset to bed every day, and diet, diet, diet. Now get
some sleep sweetie." She said tenderly.

"Okay, Cindy. See you tomorrow.

"Bye now." And she hung up.

The next day was quite eventful. I got catcalls from all the male workers and I
noticed that some of the other women even seemed jealous. I felt somewhat
humiliated to wear such an outfit. One of my coworkers came into my office,

"Hi Joan, what's up?

"Oh, nothing but I was wondering, do you have a hot date tonight or something?"

"Um, no, I just felt like dressing up today that's all." I could barely make
contact with her. She was one of the executive officers at the firm.

"Dressed up," She laughed, "you look more like a five and dime hooker, what has
come over you, Brenda?

"Nothing, I just felt sexy today that's all." I tried to shake off her comment.
Just then Cindy came in,

"Hi Ms. Halloway," she said to Joan, "here is the report you wanted Ms. Davis."
I felt really embarrassed; even Cindy was dressed ultra conservatively.

"Oh, hi, Cindy. See Brenda, even your young secretary knows the importance of
proper etiquette and dress code. I think she is a girl going places, but I am
not so sure about you anymore." She really hurt me with that remark. I have been
working here for twelve years now.

"Oh, I don't know Ms. Halloway, I think Ms. Davis looks really cute dressed up
like a slut, don't you?" I couldn't believe she said that. I was beat red.

"Well, my dear, I guess it depends on your tastes." And Joan walked out of the
office. I could tell she was angry with me. "Why did I have to dress like this?"

I was angry at Cindy.

"Why did you say that just then?" I looked right at her.

"Oh, that bitch, don't worry about her, I'll bet my remark really turned her
on." She laughed. Just then Mike O'Conner came in. The old sleaze bag, one of
our senior lawyers.

"Well, I must say you really look hot today Brenda!" He goosed me in the ass
while I was standing in front of the file cabinet next to Cindy. I was just
about ready to really tee off on him when she interrupted me.

"Now, now, Ms. Davis, after all, you do look hot today. What is a pat on the
tush once in a while, we are all adults." I couldn't believe how she quickly
took control of the situation. I could hardly even speak. I just winced a smile
at them both and went back to my desk. Mr. O'Connor left the room.

"You must learn to loosen up more, Ms. Davis." She said.

"Now, remember, tomorrow you wear your corset under a nice suit. It will help
that figure of yours." And she left the room.

It was a long day and I was looking forward to going home, and making myself
something to eat, and then taking a nice bath; but then I thought about the
corset. "I wish I didn't have to wear it, but why was I going to wear it? Why
was I doing everything she told me to do?" She was manipulating my life and I
didn't know why. Still, something inside me said to do it, so that is what I
did.

The following day all the guys frowned at me. I guess seeing me back to my
normal self disappointed them. I got a nice wink of approval from Joan, however,
and it pissed me off how she thought about me yesterday. I went to my desk and
sat down, about a half hour later Cindy came in,

"Hi Ms. Davis, open up your blouse for me?" She asked like it was nothing.

"What! Why?" I was livid.

"I want to see if you are wearing it."

"Of course I am wearing it, now leave me alone." I said firmly.

"Stand up and open your blouse for me this instant!" She commanded.

I stood up like a little child when she said that.

"Please, Cindy, not in here..."

"Do it right now, Ms. Davis!" She insisted.

I slowly undid the first few buttons, and then I went faster, realizing someone
could come in at any moment. I opened up the blouse completely so she could get
a good view of me.

"Good girl. It looks so sweet on you. Button it up now, we must go to the
bathroom and tighten it up right away."

"But it is so tight already..." I protested.

"Nonsense, I can make it much, much tighter." She said that with utter
confidence.

She came over to me and took me by the hand. She was leading me out of the room
like a little girl. Fortunately she broke hands with me as we got out of my
office. I followed in back of her like a puppy dog. I got some eyes from my
coworkers. I guess they were wondering what we were up to. We got in the
bathroom and she locked the door.

"Now, strip for me. I want a better view of that corset."

"But, Cindy, n.....n....not here" I said with a shaky voice.

"Come on, let me see, right here." She commanded.

I took off all my clothing but the corset.

"Good, now turn around for me. That's it, nice and slow...stand straight, all my
pony girls must have good posture." She said. "Pony girl?" I thought, "What did
she mean by that?" I spoke up,

"Pony girl? Look, Cindy, I am not a..." She cut me off.

"Put your hands behind your back and thrust them out. Hem, they could be made a
bit tighter." She was talking to me like I was a slab of meat. I was very
confused.

"You will do, very nicely! I will tighten it up for you." She reached in back of
me and redid all the lacing. I thought I would die. I could barely breath. Then
she told me to stay in the bathroom a while, so she could leave first so that no
one would talk. I was mortified. "How could I possibly be letting her do this to
me?"

The rest of the week went the same way. One day I would be dressed as a slut and
the next very conservatively so I could get corset-time in. People were
beginning to think I was very weird, and my boss, Joan, just simply stopped
talking to me. She thought I was a slut. Many of my other friends were beginning
to think I had some dual personality. I heard them talking behind my back. All
this happened and Cindy would just make some sly remark to them, affirming my
sluttiness. This went on for about a month. Somehow my peers lost all respect
for me. Ms. Halloway came into my office one day,

"Brenda, I have been thinking...Cindy has been doing such a fine job, and she
has been doing most of your work lately, hasn't she?" It was true, she had been.
I was always kept completely off balance with all the changes in my dressing for
the month. I was so confused by everything that I had slowed down in my work.

"Well, um, I mean, ah, yes, but..."

"Yes, she has." Joan said definitively.

"Yes, ma'am." I said to her feeling weak.

"Well, I think she is due for a promotion and I am going to give her some
serious paralegal work. You will help train her to become a full-fledged lawyer.
You better do a good job missy, because she is right on your toes! Perhaps you
should be her secretary?" She said sarcastically, with an evil laugh, and then
walked out. I felt really dejected. Friday really went slow from that moment on.
Somehow this little bitch was manipulating me, but I didn't know what to do. At
about quitting time Cindy came into my office.

"Why so glum?" She said with a big smile.

"You know why." I said sounding rather depressed.

"No, please tell me?" She asked.

"Ms. Halloway was in to see me this afternoon and warned me about losing my
status here.

"What, why that little bitch!" Cindy said, seeming surprised. "Perhaps she
didn't have anything to do with it?" I thought.

"But I thought you knew? She wants me to teach you to become a lawyer here.

"Wow!" Cindy beamed. "I do want to become one. Look Ms. Davis, she was probably
just interested in getting me taught by the best." That remark made me feel
better.

"Well you are very intelligent and you would make a fine attorney." I said.

"Great, now why don't you cheer up, tomorrow is the big day." She smiled.

"Tomorrow?" I was not sure what she meant.

"Yes, did you forget already? Tomorrow you come with me to my farm and check
things out, won't that be nice?" She asked very self-assured.

"But that idea was a long time ago and..."

"No it wasn't, it was just a month ago...and look at how fine your shape is now.
You do want to get into that rubber suit don't you?"

"Look, I am only going to be observing, why I must I wear a silly suit like
that?"

"It is just part of the club, remember, I told you? And besides, you will love
that outfit. It will look real hot on your body. I am coming home with you
tonight so that I can help you to put it on."

"I don't know, Cindy, this is not..."

"But you said you would." She suddenly sounded dejected.

"Well, maybe, oh, all right, but only to please you, okay Cindy." I had
succumbed to her charms again.

"Super, let's go." She beamed a really bright smile.

Once at my house we began the task of fitting the suit on me,

"Okay, you are going to have to really suck it in now." She said.

"I am not sure I can." I sounded defeated.

"Suck in that gut, that's it. Now keep that posture straight. Suck it in now!"
She commanded. I pulled in my stomach as far as I could.

"Lift up your leg." She said.

I did so. She slipped part of the suit on then told me to put the other leg in.
She pulled it up slowly. It was so tight. It was scraping my skin some.

"Don't worry, it will feel better once it is completely on. It will be a
struggle at first."

She pulled it up further. I noticed that it had this really strong zipper in the
back. There were other zippers on it too. One at the crotch and one in the rear,
down my behind. Those two zippers actually met at some point. She pulled it up,
it was so tight. She even pushed in my sides like I was some suitcase or
something. Finally after a huge effort she got it all the way up and zippered.

"Oh, my God," she said, "look at yourself you are unbelievable. Look at how hot
you look. Go ahead touch yourself, that's it, rub your breasts, feels good
doesn't it? Play with them, play with your tits for me, don't be shy."

There I was fondling my breasts in front of a 22-year-old. I was so hot. The
suit conformed so tightly to my entire body, like it was poured into every
orifice of me. I couldn't help myself it was erotic somehow. Even my erect
nipples could be seen in the form fit breast area. I was getting horny. I moved
my hands all over my body.

"Look at yourself in the mirror, aren't you hot!" She said.

I did look hot. I felt like I was a bond girl in one of the movies. I loved the
suit. The way it smelled and especially the way it hugged my body.

"I'll bet it feels so warm and tight, just like a glove? Every move you make is
like it's following your every step."

She came over to me and started feeling me up with her own hands. I got scared.
I was wet but I was not gay or anything.

"Please stop." I said.

"But why, Ms. Davis? You must learn to be more open and display yourself. You
look ravishing and I know your pussy is on fire, so why not just let go and
surrender to my touch and let the suit just take you away to where you have
never been before." She whispered this to me.

I could not stop myself. She was pulsing my body with every touch she made.
Slowly sliding her tongue all over the rubber and licking me. She slowly slid
down my zipper nestled at my crotch. She began to lick and lick and lick...

"Ohhhhhhh, ehhhhhhhhh, eeeemmmmmmm..." I came, over and over again. The hot suit
and her touch mingled into me and made me submit everything to her. She just
smiled at me and then got a wash cloth and cleaned out my pussy. Then she
zippered me back up.

"You liked that didn't you Ms. Davis?" She asked cunningly.

"Um, look, Cindy, I don't want you to think that..."

"You did like that didn't you?" She asked again.

"Um, yes, but..."

"Good, you will like a lot more things before I am finished with you." She said
that rather sinisterly. I wondered what she meant.

She went into her purse and took out this long tube.

"This is to glue up the back zipper. It is special glue that binds to metal.
This will help so it will not unzip from being so tight."

"But how will I get it off then?" I said with panic in my eyes.

"Oh, don't worry there is a solvent to loosen it back down."

"But I am not wearing this to sleep am I?"

"You dumb slut, of course you are. You will sleep with it all night so you are
more comfortable with it tomorrow." She bellowed.

"You didn't have to call me that." I was pouting.

"Oh, shut up and turn around, princess!" She said with a grin.

She poured out the glue and ran a straight line with it all the way down my back
where the zipper was. She stood back to admire her work.

"There, as snug as a bug in a rug." She giggled. I could see her eyes looking at
me as I watched her in back of me through my mirror.

"You will just have to stand there for a while and let it dry off. I am going to
watch some TV while this dries. Now, don't you dare sit down! Just stand there
like a good little girl."

I was rolling my neck around some.

"We will have to do something about that. The top is supposed to encase your
head, it will hurt your neck like that. I should really be shaving your hair off
so it will fit nice and tightly."

"My hair! Are you crazy, my, beautiful black hair, no way..." I screamed out.

"Stop whining. I will just put your hair back in a pony tail like I have done
before and it will fit better." I was relieved.

She pulled my hair back tight and tied it in the back. She then pulled up the
tight remainder of the rubber hood and encased my head it.

"My, my but don't you look so adorable?" She teased and I blushed.

She then told me again to let the glue dry and she went off to watch some TV.
There I stood, feeling like an imbecile. I was making myself do anything she
wanted to do to me. I did not understand why, but my pussy was very wet, somehow
this was all making me hot.

Later on after she thought it was sufficiently dry enough, she let me lay down
in my bed.

"Well, get a good rest now Princess, we have a really long day ahead of us. I
like to get to my farm nice and early so I can feed and observe all my pony
girls." She laughed and left.

The next day I got a phone call real early, about five in the morning. Cindy
told me to get ready, that she would be arriving at my house in about a
half-hour. There really wasn't much for me to do. I was encased in this rubber
suit. I just brushed my teeth and combed my hair. I was hot, so I did not put
the hood back over me. She arrived right on time.

"Why aren't you wearing the hood?" She looked at me firmly, eyes ablaze.

"It was getting hot, so I took it off for a while." I said

"Okay, but you will have to put it back on some time later. Now, you are to wear
this blindfold." She said as she came to wrap it around my head. I began to
protest,

"But why must I do that?" She placed it around me firmly and tied it tightly.

"My farm is a secret place, and it is going to remain that way. I will take it
off after we arrive. Now, let's go Ms. Davis." She took me by the hand and we
got into the car.

We drove and drove. It seemed like it would take forever. It must have taken at
least three hours to get there. I was becoming restless and fidgety.

"Oh, calm down, we are almost there." She said. And suddenly before I knew it we
had stopped. She quickly removed my blindfold. I got out of the car and gazed
across the horizon. There were beautiful green fields and barns everywhere. I
could see some horses running wild in the fields. It looked just like a regular
farm. Some of the fields were barren and muddy though.

"So what do you think?" She asked.

"Wow, it is really beautiful."

"I am glad you like. Come with me. I want to check up on some of my pony girls."
I was becoming scared now, but I was still curious.

She took me to this stable. It looked like any other stable, but once we entered
it I was in for the shock of my life. There in front of me were other woman, all
dressed like I was...in rubber suits. I began to panic.

"Shocked, Ms. Davis? You see they are all broken in!" She exclaimed.

She walked over to one of them. She examined the girl like she was a real pony.
She put out some food into this great big pan. It looked like oats or something.
The girl responded to her without saying a word. She went around examining the
other girls, feeding them and taking them over to a watering hole. I was almost
in disbelief. All these woman being treated like ponies. Something else was
weird, they all had on these hooves as feet. They were shoes of some kind but
they looked just like horses' hooves. She got on one of them; their arms were
tied in some kind of rubber in back of them. Her pink dress rolled up some and I
could see more of her fishnet stockings she was wearing. She was goading the
poor girl like she was a real pony. I got wet looking at this and I didn't know
why. She even took out a crop and smacked the girl with it a few times. The girl
rode around faster with each cropping. Finally, after tiring from this, Cindy
let her go back to her stable and re-locked her feet with a chain. I watched all
of this in horror and yet my pussy was wet...she noticed it when I rubbed down
there a few times,

"Stop playing with yourself Ms. Davis, we have a race to go to." I became
embarrassed that she noticed me.

There she was keeping me off balance again. I never knew what to expect from
her. We got back into her car and drove along a dirt road. It was approaching
about 10:00am now. That is the time I saw on her car clock.

We came to this huge dirt track. There we tons of people sitting in the stands
and cheering. My God, there we pony girls racing all around a track. They were
being rode by different woman. These women were all dressed out in these leather
outfits with riding crops in their hands goading all the other pony girls. Cindy
took me to the stands with her and we sat.

"Look some of the races have already begun." She said to me.

There were chants everywhere. These people were actually betting on woman who
were riding other woman across a racetrack. It was humiliating to watch.

"Cindy, I feel funny, no one else in these stands is wearing a rubber suit like
me, and you said it was necessary to the club; and how come you are not wearing
one?" I pumped her.

"Quiet and just watch the race. I will explain it later." She said very
unaffected by my question.

I was really getting nervous now. Cindy was speaking to several women next to
her like she knew them forever. She was even making bets with them on which pony
girls would win the race. I was mortified. The races went on and on. Finally
after the last race was over. I thought we were going to leave, but Cindy got up
and left me there as she went down to the ringmaster, some woman decked out in
fine leather and a crop who had been announcing all the races. Cindy took the
microphone from her and started to speak,

"Listen up everyone. I have a special announcement to make. I have a new pony
girl in waiting. She still needs lots of training but I have brought her with me
to begin it today. I am sure you will be amused by her."

This couldn't be what I thought it was. Everyone in the crowd started to cheer
and egg her on.

"Show her to us, lets see her, show her..." They kept chanting, on and on it
went.

I had some real terror in my eyes now. I was the only one in the crowd dressed
in a rubber suit and many of the people next to me were eyeing me up and down. I
felt like I was under a microscope. "Surely she wouldn't do this to me? I was
just an observer?" I thought. She spoke again.

"Bring her down girls!" Cindy commanded, and before I knew what was happening
three girls that were sitting next to me took me by the arms and escorted me
down the stands. One girl carried this large sack and it looked heavy.

"No, no.....please!" I shouted, "Please leave me alone!" But they just carried
me down to Cindy. They threw me on the muddy ground. I was so shaky that I just
stayed there on my ass. I could barely move.

"This here is my new pony girl, her name is Brenda Davis," she announced,

"and believe it or not she is my boss." Everyone started to laugh at me. I felt
shame like I had never felt before.

"No, it is true. She is actually a lawyer and I am her secretary." They laughed
at me some more when she said this.

"Stand up Ms. Davis!" She commanded me.

"Fuck you!" I said to her. People were taking photographs of me right and left.

"Stand up or I will whip you right here and now!" She said this with the most
ugly stare I have ever seen. I got scared, she might actually do that in front
of everyone, so I stood up.

"Good girl." She whispered to me.

"Now, Ms. Davis here is going to show us what a proper and beautiful pony slut
she can become for us, isn't that right Ms. Davis?" She looked at me again. Just
then she tore off her pink dress and revealed the hot two-piece leather outfit I
had bought for her. Her thighs looked powerful in the fishnet stockings. They
were so strong and firm.

"But what about her hair, what about her hair!" One woman screamed out from the
crowd.

"I will fix that right now, Jessica bring me the razor." And everyone screamed
and chanted again.

"Shave her, shave her, shave her, shave her!" On they went.

The woman with the large sack reached into the bag and took out an electric
razor. I knew what was about to happen. I quickly got down on my hands and knees
and begged Cindy not to do this.

"Please, Cindy, please, please don't do this to me, please let me go home!" I
implored her. I had full tears sweeping down my face as I clinged to her thighs
with my hands. The other girls ripped me away from her and sat me down firmly on
my knees.

"Well, well, look at Ms. Davis, the big lawyer, begging just like a groveling
pig! From now on bitch you will address me as Ms. Cindy.

Look everyone, Brenda here doesn't want to be a pony girl," they all booed,

"but I think she would make a perfect pony girl-slut for me. From now on Ms.
Davis, you are a pony girl, and you will do whatever the fuck I say." It was
amazing how cruel she could be.

"I will ride you and I will race you. I will feed you and I will beat you. I am
your trainer and you are nothing but a rubber pony from now on. Is that clear,
pony girl!" She pulled on my hair and held up my face to all the cameras and the
crowd.

"Now tell the people who and what you are!" She forced me.

"I....I....I am a p....pony girl, Ms. C...c...indy." I cried the words out.

"Good girl. How about a round of applause for the former lawyer, Ms. Davis, now
pony girl!" The crowd cheered and cheered. Her humiliation of me was
unbelievable.

"Okay my little pony slut, time for your shaving." The chants went up again.

She went to the rear of me and pulled my head back really hard. She caressed my
hair softly with her hands just like she had done in my office once before. I
remembered it all and I just started crying. She took the razor and began from
front to back. Within minutes all my beautiful black hair was gone. The crowd
roared and chanted. She pulled up my hood which now fitted very tightly to my
head and around my cheeks.

"Jessica, bring me the proper shoes for my new pony girl."

It was like I saw on the other girls. They were special shoes which looked like
horses' hooves.

"Now step into your new shoes pony girl!" Cindy commanded. The girls grabbed me
and helped me get inside of them.

"Ah yes, a tight fit, but I am sure you will get used to them in no time at all.
Now hands to your back and thrust them out for me, remember, like you did
before?" She said cunningly.

I had remembered all too well how she made me do that in the bathroom in my
office. Now I knew why she did it. I put my hands in the back as she instructed
me to do. The girls forced my arms real close and then Jessica took out this
rubber sleeve. She wrapped it around my arms and zippered it up nice and tight.
My arms were now secured in back of me and sticking out. It was like Cindy had
shown me in her stables. She was making a pony girl out of me.

"Stand up straight. I want proper posture for all my pony girls. Now the mask
Jessica." Cindy instructed.

Jessica took out this small mask that was a version of a pony head. My God, they
were going to put it on me! Even the other girls who raced today did not wear
them. This would be even more humiliating. It was placed on my face and secured
around my head. What I did not know, until they had place it on me, was that
there was a small gag inside it. It looked like a miniature penis. Now I would
be unable to talk as well. They secured it firmly and I had no choice but to
take the gag into my mouth. I could feel Ms. Cindy get on back of me. She was
mounting me to go for a ride.

"Now my new pony girl, lets go for a little ridie, shall we? That's it!"

She kicked my sides with her thighs. She flicked her riding crop with her hand
right across my ass. I got moving quickly. She started whispering in my ears,

"That's it pony girl, only now do you understand your fate. You better not fall
and embarrass me here or I will publicly flog you like the little pony slut that
you are. Ride pony girl, ride!" She flicked me a few more times.

We went around and around. She commanded me to make sounds like a pony. She
instructed me on how to do it. I move slowly after a while. Her body felt like
it was glued to my heavy arms. She kept pulling back on my arms every time it
seemed as though I was going to fall forward. She was training me! She was
training me right in front of all these people. Kicking me, and showing me how
to make proper turns. She would pull on my reigns and buck my head back from
time to time. With the gag in my mouth I couldn't even say a word. Finally and
mercifully, after a long, long time she commanded me to stop.

"Now, my pony slut, I want you to slowly get down to your knees. Good girl, now
I will dismount." She got off me and everyone cheered.

I felt hands on me again. It was the girls. One of them took my mask off and I
immediately drooled saliva out all over the place. Cindy came back and put a
bucket of water in front of me on the ground,

"Drink now, my pony slut!" I was so thirsty I couldn't wait to drink. I lowered
my head into the bucket and drank and drank all the water. I was never so
thirsty before.

"Now, sit up on your knees pony girl." She commanded. The crowd roared with each
command she gave me. Cindy reached into that bag again and pulled out a long
blonde wig.

"I am sure that pony girl will love having some hair back again." More cheers
from the crowd.

"She put it on me right over the hood. It fit very well. My God, she had turned
me into a blonde pony girl! She had me on display for all these people. I was so
humiliated.

"Now to the next phase!" She said. "Next phase?" I thought, and then I
shuddered.

"Bring in the Stallion!" She commanded.

"Who or what was this going to be?" I pondered while terrified.

"It is time for my new Mare to be bred just like the pony girl that she is. My
little pony slut will make wonderful babies for me!" She shouted out to the
crowd as they roared. She turned back to me and started talking to me.

"You are still fertile, I know that. You see I was originally going to study to
be a doctor in college, so I know about these things." She said.

"Why are you doing this to me Cindy?" She slapped me hard across the face.

"Remember the proper way to speak to me slut!"

"Please, Ms. Cindy, why are you doing this to me. I never did anything to hurt
you?" I asked.

"You stupid slut. None of this is about that. It is about getting your job and a
much stronger position in life. As a lawyer I know that I can procure girls,
ladies who I must defend in court. Prostitutes and who knows what else. As a
lawyer I can do this and much more. These women will make perfect pony girls for
me, just like you are going to be. I will breed them just as I am going to breed
you. You see I make black market babies on the side. It is very lucrative. You
would be amazed at how many women want a baby and are unable to have one. You
belong to me now, Ms. Davis, and I will turn you into a pony slut! I will take
your job and I will change your life so that all you will really want to do from
now on is take a hot load right up that pussy of yours. The Stallion is coming
now slut, lookie over there!" I cried and cried but my tears were useless. She
would have none of it. I felt my life dwindling away right before my very eyes.
I looked back to see this giant black man, all decked out in rubber like me. A
female was riding him over to me.

"Now, my friends, you will see my new pony girl take it right up her rear and
into her juicy hole for us. This Stallion is big and strong and he has always
preformed well in the past. My new Mare will become full with his great seed
sunk deep into her belly."

I was terrified. The girls pushed me down and held up my arms.

"Now for the mounting of my pony slut...ladies!" Cindy said.

The female rider dismounted and took her pony boy over to me and began to
properly position him. The girls helped me get my ass into the air firmly. They
unzipped his crotch and out stepped the biggest, cock I had ever seen in my
life. My pussy became immediately drenched. I felt ashamed that this cock should
turn me on, but I had never even dreamed of something that thick and long up my
pussy. I was suddenly horny. "Was Cindy right about me? Was I nothing but a
slut, a new pony to be bred for her?" My mind was beginning to fold under this
pressure. My pussy grew wetter and wetter, as this pony's cock was stroked to
hardness by his female rider. She made him move forward, and then the other
girls unzipped both my crotch and anus regions as the two zippers met. They
helped to put him inside me. They lubricated his cock and placed him in me
slowly at first and then they pushed him deep inside me as I was opening up. He
began to pump me and I was now humping him inside of me. I bounced up and down.
The crowd roared and roared.

"Look at my pony slut, look at her good, for she will be sold on the auction
block tomorrow. Look at how she loves to be fucked!" I was moaning now.

"Ohhhhhh, ohhhhhhh, ohhhhhh, emmmmm, emmmmmm.....eh, eh, eh, eh,
eh,......mmmmmmm."

"You love to be fucked don't you my pony slut? Tell them, tell them all!" She
was goading me on. But I was so hot; I could not help it.

"Tell them pony girl, tell them!" She was relentless.

"Yes, oh, God, yes, fuck me, oh please, fuck me..." I cried out in shame.

"Tell them you are my pony girl and you love to make babies for me?"

"I....I....I am Ms. Cindy's p....pony girl and love to make b....babies for her.
Ohhhhhhhhh, ehhhhhhhhhh, emmmmmmm....."

"Tell them you are being bred by Ms. Cindy!"

"M.....Ms. Cindy is breeding me, oooooohhhhh, I am her pony girl.....eh, eh, eh,
eh, eh...eeeeeeeeewwwwe, I'm cuuuuuuuuuuummmmming...." I shouted out.

Just then I could feel the rubber pony boy shoot his hot load right into my
belly. It was incredible feeling that rubber grind up and down each other. I
loved humping his cock; it was the best fuck I ever had. "What had I become?"

Ms. Cindy immediately helped to take us apart,

"Good girl, what a good pony girl you were today." She said as she petted my
face with the back of her hand.

"Remember folks, tomorrow on the block this Mare will be sold, so be there!" She
shouted out with her microphone.

I was finally taken back to the car. We drove a short distance. I was in a fog
at this point. I had just been given the best orgasm of my entire life. Perhaps
I was beginning to enjoy being her pony girl. She took me to those same stables
that she had taken me to look at earlier. Only this time, I knew that I was
going to be a pony girl in one of her stables. She locked my feet down and fed
me some oats. She left me there for a while and then she returned with a bucket
and some soap and a razor. She was going to shave my head completely now. She
said she was going to smoothen it out with wax as well. Before the night was up,
my head was as smooth as a baby's behind.

"Now, my little pony girl, tomorrow I will sell you. I know that this is quick.
I usually train my girls for months before I can auction them, but you are a
special case and you know why I wish to move quickly. There is also someone who
would love to purchase you, so tomorrow it is, my little slut.

You better do a good job on that block for me or I will whip you senseless.

Sleep well tonight pony slut!" Cindy left me.

I was so tired I just didn't care anymore. I got down on the ground and rolled
up in a ball. I was no longer observing. She had turned me into a pony girl and
I was in one of her stables. I was lost in thought and then drifted off to
sleep.

The next morning I heard some clanging.

"Wake up! Wake up my pony girls, it time for your trainer to take another look
at you." It was Cindy's voice and I new that meant she was going to inspect us.

When she got to me she looked closely at my face and examined my mouth and
teeth. She looked up my nose with a light and examined that too. She pushed down
on my stomach with her hands,

"Good girl, you eat now!" She put down a bowl of oats on the ground and a bucket
of water. Then she left.

Later on she took me outside to do some riding with me. She mounted me and used
her crop on my ass as she rode me around in some of the fields.

"Faster, faster, faster, we must get you up to snuff so you will fetch me a good
price my lovely new Mare. That's it my pony girl, that's it, you are doing fine.
I am very proud of how you have performed for me this weekend." She grabbed my
head and turned me around to give me a big kiss. It was the first time she had
shown me kindness in a long time. I was placed back in the stable for a while
and then later she came back for me and took me into her car.

"It is time my pony girl. It is time for you go on the auction block."

When we got there I was amazed at how many people were there. I was the third
one up on the block. She placed me there all decked out in my hooves and chained
down to the block so I could not run away. The bidding began.

"Do I hear, 500.00? Anyone for this fine Mare. She is in exquisite shape. Ah, I
hear another, 1,000.00, very good, she will make a fine pony girl and as you saw
yesterday she will be great to breed." Cindy went on and one.

The crowd was amazed; they came over to me to get a real good look at me. Tons
and tons of people, it really shocked me. They were all anxious to get a chance
at buying a new pony girl. I was this new girl! The bidding went up and up. It
reached 10,000.

"Smile my pony girl, give them a good show and you will fetch a higher price!"
Cindy told me. I smiled as best as I could. It was hard knowing that you were
about to be owned by someone and probably bred by him or her as well. Here I
was, Brenda Davis, a very successful lawyer, completely turned into a pony girl
and about to be sold to some stranger for breeding. My heart was turning inside
out. Cindy really did do a number on me. She really did convert me into a pony
girl. I was so ashamed.

"Well if that is the final bid, then 10,000 it..."

"20,000 dollars for this pony girl!" Some obscure woman cried from in the back.

"Sold to the lady in the back." Cindy turned and smiled at me, kind of like she
knew exactly what was going to happen to me.

"Meet your new owner, my pony slut!" Cindy said.

I was livid. It was Ms. Halloway. My boss, Joan was the woman who had just
purchased me. My humiliation could not be more complete.

"Well, well, my how the mighty have fallen so fast. If it isn't Ms. Davis,
promising, young attorney, out to make or break all cases. Look at you! To think
that I once admired you. Now, I own you, you are my property and you are a pony
girl. You have done a great job with her, Cindy, she is well worth the money and
I will continue her training."

"She is a good for breeding as you saw yesterday, Ms. Halloway. You will make
great money on black market babies. I can set you up with all that." Cindy said.

"Well thank you Cindy. You have been of great help for me and I am sure I will
be of great help to you as well. See me on Monday. Oh, and I look forward to
seeing you at work on Monday too, Pony Girl! Now how about a little test ride?"

She got on top of me and started to kick my sides so I would move.

"Come on pony girl, come on, faster, faster...giddyup, giddyup, my wild, wild
Mare!" She laughed so loud and hysterically. I could hear Cindy laughing to. I
put my head down in shame. After a while, Joan dismounted from me and left.
Cindy took me back to the car for the long drive home.

Once we finally got back to my house, she took off the blindfold. She helped me
to my room and used a special solvent on the zipper to my back, so she could
remove the suit. Finally, after careful deliberation, the suit was off and I was
instructed to get right back into my corset.

"Remember to dress slutty tomorrow, my little pony girl!" It was one last
command she gave me, and then she left.

I wore a really slutty dress to the office the next day. I got ready to open up
my own office door, when I noticed it was already open and the light was on. I
opened the door to go inside. There, sitting right at my desk was Cindy.

"What are you doing here Cindy? Haven't you humiliated me enough?" I asked.

"Well, Ms. Davis, there has been a change in our positions here. You see I have
been given your job and Ms. Halloway has elected to keep you on here as my
secretary." She smiled that ugly grin.

"She can't do this to me, I will fight it!" I stammered. She handed me the memo
reflecting the new status.

"Oh, but you see, she can. We have all those nasty, naughty pictures of you
behaving like a pony. What would anyone think of you if you tried to do
anything? Hem? You will stay on here as my secretary, and you better do a nicer
job than you did as my boss. I will not tolerate your laziness. You made me do
all of your work, well now it is your turn. I am very happy to see that you wore
your new blonde wig, it suits the new you!" She said rather smugly.

"But, please, Cindy..."

"Stop right there! You will address me properly, my name is Ms. York to you and
you are Brenda, is that clear my little slut?"

"Y....yes Ms. York." What else could I say? She had me.

"Now, Brenda, go and fetch me some coffee, lightly sugared and with plenty of
milk. Hurry, off you go now." She spoke to me like I was a token secretary. "Oh,
and bring me the Adamson case, since I will be taking it over now."

"Yes, Ma'am." I said

"Remember, you will still be a pony girl on the weekends for Ms. Halloway, she
owns you now." She smiled.

"Yes, Ms. York."

"Good girl. Now what are you again, Brenda? Please tell me so I don't forget?"
She really enjoyed humiliating me. "Tell me now, this instant, young lady!"

"I....I...I am your secretary." I looked down in shame.

"And what else? You know what you are?" She continued to force it out of me.

"I am....I'm, well, I am a pony girl!" I said with tears running down my eyes.

"Good girl, what a good pony girl." She laughed and laughed.

"Now get the fuck out of my office, and get me my coffee!"

"Yes Ma'am."

I left her office knowing full well that I had lost everything. Joan would breed
me, and Cindy would become the new hot lawyer around here. I had gone from being
a lawyer to a pony girl to a secretary and still a pony girl. How could I bear
my new station in life?

The End

Copyright (c) 2001

By

Jackpot

Comments-send to Hotstorm39@aol.com




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Jackpot


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





