BDSM Library - Englands Bravest




Englands Bravest
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Paying for pleasure.
Englands Bravest

He located the house and parked his car a discrete distance away, heart pounding
he walked down the road and past the door glancing in.  He looked at his watch,
still 7 minutes to go.  He felt an overwhelming urge to run to his car and drive
away.  Deep breaths, palms sweating, walk 3 minutes and turn back he told
himself.  At the turn he paused then walked he could feel his pulse in his neck
a granny passed him she must be able to see my veins bulging he thought.  He
approached the house, shaking he pressed the doorbell.  A rather ordinary woman
in a tracksuit answered the door, 'William' yes he huskily replied.  'Follow Me' 
She led him into a room and guided him into the centre.  'Remove your clothes,
place them neatly on that chair and stand facing the picture'  She left, he
complied staring at the portrait he gulped I'm here doing it he thought to
himself.

Mistress enters (black thigh length boots, tight corset nothing else)  He hears
the door open and close, the click of heels on the floor, he smells her perfume
as she stands close behind him.  She slides a blindfold over his eyes.  Mistress
inspects him from behind stroking, groping, pinching as she pleases to assess
him, rather like inspecting an animal at an auction she takes some time.  He
feels her hand between his thighs automatically he opens his legs.  She feels
his balls pulling pinching.

When she is satisfied she moves in front of him removes the blindfold and backs
away and sits on the edge of a bed/couch.

She sits there weighing him up

Without warning she signals for him to approach when he is within reach she
hands him a long thin shoelace.  'Prepare yourself'  He loops the lace under his
balls and over the top of the base of his cock and crosses the lace, 'Tighter'
he pulls the lace forcing his balls tightly into the sac.  'Go on' keeping the
lace tight he passes it under his balls again and then up under the base of his
cock separating the bas of his cock and his balls he crosses the lace again
'more' he pulls the laces tighter.  'OK' 'tie them off with a bow'  'Hands on
your head'  she feels his balls tight against the scrotum, his dick hardens,
skin taunt and shining.

'OK' Kneel

Slowly she undoes her corset and lets her tits sway in front of his face.  He is
mesmerised.  She reaches to one side and produces a toothed hairgrip she plays
with it in front of his face then clips it horizontally across his balls.  It
has four pointed clips on each jaw he gasps as they bite into him.  'Shhhhh' her
hands hold his head and she gently kisses his eyes.

'Impress me' she offers her nipples to his mouth, eagerly he sucks, licks and
kisses both of them in turn.  'Place both of your palms on my waist soak my
breasts I want them soaked by your mouth, pleasure my nipples'  As he worships
her foot slips between his legs gently flicking the clamp.  Her breasts glisten
with his saliva, her nipples are erect and puffy

Seemingly happy she pulls away and leans back on the bed, 'Impress me more' and
keep your hands behind you.  He buries his head between her thighs and she
reclines enjoying the worship giving him instruction on the procedure as he
carries it out, this goes on for some time his tongue and jaw are already
starting to ache.  She pulls away from him forcing him to chase her pussy, as he
wriggles forward he clamp drags across the bed biting into his balls, her heels
press down on his bum forcing his balls into the bed and lifting her pussy to
his mouth, she shudders, shouting 'Eat me' he ignores the pain and licks her to
a shuddering claimax

Suddenly she sits up and holds his head in both hands.  Her face is close to his
' Not bad but you could be so much better' she whispers to him.  'Would you like
me to educate you?'  He nods, 'are you sure, the training is effective but
tough' he nods again.  'This is the moment when you can walk away or give
yourself'.  She looks into his eyes and he nods 'I will have to restrain you to
do it properly, you must be willing to submit to me completely ' hoarsely he
says 'ok'.  She pulls his head hard up against hers and hisses 'OK Mistress';
she gets the reply she desires.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Billstersub


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





