BDSM Library - To Have and Hold




To Have and Hold
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Bounty Hunter captures and helps a client torture a man's object of desire.
WARNING: By reading this story you must be 21 and able to differentiate between
fiction and reality. The author of this story would never condone any of these
types of actions in real life just in fictional stories...Please do not copy or
use my material unless you ask...

The following story depicts EXTREME torture and violence...




To have and To Hold
By Baer-chen

Part I - Preparations

The fiery red haired bounty hunter sat across the table waiting patiently for
his answer. Glancing at the table he knew what he wanted, but was not sure he if
he trusted the gorgeous, but strangely evil looking woman who had offered to
punish and kill his former "friend" for the price on the contract laying in
front of him.  His thoughts raced as he contemplated her words. Then centered on
his "friend". He hated her.  He hated everything about her. He wanted to hurt
her...he wanted to kill her.  But did he really need the bitch sitting before
him?

His mind drifted back to the party where he had met her.  She was the one that
had caused his pain, it was all her fault, she was a slut and she had to
suffer...  He first saw her by the fireplace in the back of the room. She was
talking to another guest at a party thrown by one of his former Corporate
Directors.  He had never seen a woman like her before except on the TV or on the
net.  She was that girl that he had spent night after night searching porn site
after porn site for.  She was tall, sexy and definitely off limits for guys like
him.  The dress she was wearing was pure white and flowed gracefully from her
shoulders as if it was tailored only for her. While her breasts were not huge,
through the dress he could tell that they had perfect form and were natural. 
Her waist while small seductively accented her alluring hips and from behind she
had the ass men would die to sink their manhood into. But her body was just
icing on the cake!  She had a face men only saw in wet dreams and thick blonde
hair, which fell to the swell of her back. She was the girl of his dreams, the
girl he could only dream about...

But that night was different.  He made up his mind that he was going to at least
try.  One chance in a million, but a chance that he had to take because he knew
he would dream about her for weeks maybe even months to come. Gathering all his
strength he approached her.  Nervously squeezing the glass in his hand he
positioned himself next to her and tried to get her attention. She quickly
glanced over at him then went back to talking to her friend. He was temporarily
dismayed, but knew he must press forward.  Not knowing what to say he removed
his silver cigarette case from his breast pocket and casually excused himself
and asked her for a light.  With a small, but seductive smile she turned from
the friend politely said, "No."  Anticipating this he mustered all his strength
and charm he redirected his intentions to the dance floor and asked her to
dance. Again her sweet angelic voice replied, "No, I'm sorry, but I don't feel
like dancing like now."  His heart fell like a stone and he mustered a smile
then slunk off to a nearby chair.  He was devastated, but his eyes were forced
back to the beauty in the corner.  He wanted her so bad, but in the worst way.
He imagined her naked as he stripped her with his eyes, he imagined her sucking
his penis and swallowing his cum.  He imagined her lying spread Eagle on a bed
and from behind ass lifted ready to be used for his lust.  But this was all in
his imagination and would only be in his imagination. Fore she didn't even give
him a second look; she barely even acknowledged his advances. He felt the anger
in his chest but what could he do.  He had expected this outcome and had
expected the rejection.  What he didn't expect was that suddenly she was walking
toward him. Her hips gently swayed as she approached him and his heart raced. 
He stood up.  In that same angelic voice she looked him in the eyes, with her
gorgeous soft blue eyes and softly said, "I think Ill take you up on that offer
to dance."  His heart jumped as he took her hand and led her to the dance floor
as if in a trance.

Dancing with her was better than he could have possibly imagined.  His hand on
her hip and her hand in his other.  He pulled her close as the song the band
played reached its climax and he gently leaned close to her mouth to kiss her.
Amazingly he found her kissing him back. As there tongues danced in each other's
mouths he heart began to race once again, not only because this was really
happening, but also all eyes in the room were on them.  They were the objects of
attention and the he could feel the jealousy of every man in the room.  His
erection was uncontrollable. Slowly his hand slipped from her hip to her
perfectly toned stomach.  He slowly massaged her mid section as they danced on.
His hand did not however stop there. It traveled upward to the base of her
breast, slowly as if testing the water he moved it higher, quickly fondling the
delicious globe of meat.  He didn't actually feel the first one, but suddenly
their embrace had been broken and his face stung as if on fire.  Looking at her
in puzzlement he saw her swing again.  This time she smacked him in the eye
causing it to tear. He stammered backwards just as a large man grabbed him and
dragged him out of the room. Finally recovering he shouted, "What the fuck?!?" 
But the man was already forcing him out the door into the rainy night. 

For weeks the embarrassment and shame of that night haunted him to the point
that he became obsessed with the incident.  Thoughts of guilt turned to anger
and thoughts of anger to rage.  At work people stopped talking to him and the he
could hear the word pervert whispered from time to time as he came around
corners.  It was enough to make him mad.  Finally on a Thursday, two weeks after
the incident his manager told him that he was being fired for lack of
productivity.  He stared at her in disbelief, but he knew the real reason for
his termination.  The women of the office hated him now and all refused to work
with him.  He had been martyred and the company would not stand for that. 
Shaking his head he packed up his office lowered his head and began to walk out
to his car. 

Somewhere between the door of the office building and the walk to his car his
mind snapped.  Dropping his box he turned to the building and silently, in his
broken mind vowed to get revenge on the whore that started this and vowed he
would see her suffer. 

"Sir? Sir?!?  I need an answer, I'm a busy woman you know..."  His mind snapped
back to the red head across the table and his mouth muttered the words, "I want
her to suffer before she dies..." A small grin graced her beautiful face and she
ran her hand though her beautiful red hair.  "Well then Mr. Cam we have
preparations to make, but I need you to know that if this is your choice... it's
going to cost you.  I need reimbursement for my time and expertise in these
matters, plus the facility we will be taking her to is going to cost you 5,000
US dollars per day."  "Agreed." he muttered.  "Now then Mr. Cam keep in mind
that I will need to know how long you want this to last.  I can make a woman
suffer for days even weeks if you're willing to pay." Thinking for a second his
response was, "I don't know, I don't even know what you have in mind..." Once
again the same wicked little smile came across her face and her simple response
was "Trust me, by tomorrow she'll be begging to suck your dick, by Wednesday
she'll be begging me to let you kill her. Once I skinned a girl from head to toe
and managed to keep her alive for 20 hours before she died for one client.  For
another I helped him break every bone in her body before we buried her alive and
last week actually, I had a client request to have his Ex cooked and eaten
alive.  The taste was unique to say the least.... But it's all up to you.  I can
tell you more during our trip if you like." She was proud of her resume and it
showed.   "Its no problem actually, when we get back to my facility there will
be plenty of time to decide, my name is Natalie by the way and I think we should
get going..." Cam nodded and for the first time in months a small smile crept
onto his face, excited, he looked over to the corner at his kneeling "friend"
tied, gagged and listening to every word they had said.

It was only about 6 hours to their destination by small charter plane, but by
the end Cam was itching to get off the plane.  His prize had been transported in
a wooden cargo crate with holes so she could breath.  She had been drugged so
she was unconscious for the entire trip.  Nat stretched her arms as she got off
the plane and glanced over to the crate, "I trust sleeping beauty had a nice
trip," she playfully jested.  Grinning Cam simply replied, "yes".  "What's her
name by the way?" Nat questioned.  "Katrina." He responded and looked toward the
small cargo truck that was approaching them.  "Ride's here!" Nat proclaimed and
walked toward the truck as the men got out to fetch the crate.

Cam spent the next two hours blindfolded so he would never know how to get back
to the "facility" Nat was taking him to.  When they got there, he thought he was
looking at dozens of old abandoned warehouse, but as they entered one and
proceeded to take a password protected elevator down a couple levels he realized
that the exterior was just a front.  They were in some sort of a bunker. 
Finally the elevator came to a stop and all parties exited.  The men pushed past
with the crate and carried down a long corridor.  As Cam started to follow Nat
stopped him and gently pulled him in another direction. "Oh don't worry about
her, she needs to be cleaned up first, we'll get started on her in the morning,
right now I'm going to show you to your room so you can rest up before
tomorrow's fun.  All the necessities you need are provided in your room and if
you need anything else just call using the phone in your room. 

As she led him down corridor after corridor he was amazed by the beauty and
elegance of the underground labyrinth they were in.  The floors were covered in
lush carpet and the walls with beautiful paintings and elaborate lighting
fixtures.  The corridors were brightly lit and there was a pleasant atmosphere
to the entire place.  Reaching a small room Nat gestured for Cam to sit down. 
Sitting at the large table several naked women emerged from adjoining rooms and
served the two a dinner of Stew, vegetables and delicious meat that Cam could
not place. When he asked Natalie what the meat was she simply smiled and said,
"It tastes great right?  Just enjoy!" then went back to eating her meal.

After dinner Kat gracefully glided over to Cam and gestured for him to follow
him again. Finally they reached a door, which Nat pointed out, was the door to
his room, unlocked it and handed him the key.  He entered the room and sat down
on the bed.  Following him into the room Nat sat on the bed next to him, opened
a drawer and took out a book from the nightstand next to him.  Opening the book
as a Mother opens a book of nursery rhymes, Nat began to show him the contents
of the book.  "This is to give you an idea of what you want for tomorrow" she
said slowly turning the pages. Each page was covered with picture after picture
of women undergoing various forms of torture.  Racks, whips, needles, hammers
and burning sticks were only some of the implements used in the first few pages. 
As Nat went on briefly explaining the photos Cam's eyes grew as she moved along
further into the book.  As she went on the tortures got more gruesome to the
point that Cam almost looked away. Before Cam's eyes now were pictures of women
being dipped in to vats of boiling oil, women being skinned alive and things
that even Nat had a hard time explaining.  Placing the book next to Cam on the
bed, Nat stood up and stretched her arms, "Well I guess this is good night," and
started to the door.  Quickly she spun around, "Oh one last thing...Are you
horny?" she asked.  "Fucking right!" he announced, his eyes immediately
transfixed on the sultry vixen who would be torturing Katrina to death in the
morning. Gazing at her in the light he realized just how fucking hot she really
was, her fiery red hair, intense blue eyes, large full breast and curves a guy
could masturbate to for weeks.  Nat giggled, "Not me silly...not yet at
least...I had someone else in mind for you, I need to get my rest like you for
tomorrow."  Gently mussing his hair she sat down next to him again and picked up
the phone and had a short conversation in a language that Cam did not
understand. 

Two minutes later there was a soft knock on the door.  Nat got up and opened the
door.  Standing there next to a guard was a short blonde who couldn't have been
more than 17 years old. Nat dismissed the guard and put her arm around the girl
drawing her into the room.  "Sometimes our clients don't request that their
subjects be killed and leave them here to live the rest of their short lives
being tortured and used by our staff and guests. Tara here was sold to us, for a
15k reimbursement.  Because she is so adorably cute its very hard for the staff
not to torture her regularly, daily actually, but the girls we hold indefinitely
like Tara are only fucked in the mouth by the staff when they feel the urge to
rape her.  Their pussy's and Asses are saved for our clients like you."  Tara
whimpered softly and slowly walked over to Cam and knelt before him and reached
for his belt buckle.  Nat kicked her in the side of the head sending her
sprawling across the floor.  "Not so fast WHORE!  Where are your fucking
manners??"  This was the first time Cam heard Nat raise her voice and the first
side he saw a glimpse if her darker side.

 Struggling to regain her balance on her knees Tara bowed her head and
vehemently began to beg Nat for forgiveness. "One more infraction like that
whore and you'll be spending a day in the Salt room with me missy!" Nat said,
her voice calm and soft again.  The girl did not lift her head, but softly began
to cry trying to control her breathing so she would not enrage the mistress
again.  "Now slut, you're going to spend the night with Mr. Cam here and he's
going to fuck you, rape you whatever he wants to call it.  If you piss him off
he will torture you.  I suggest you don't piss him off because he's new to this
and if he gets pissed enough he may fuck you up badly."  Whispering in Cam's ear
Nat softly said, "You are free to do with her as you like, but you are not
allowed to mutilate, amputate and generally do anything permanent to her.  Use
her mouth, her pussy and her ass for your dick and you can torture her a bit if
you like. There's whips, clamps, pincers and stuff in you other end table, but
don't ruin the merchandise sort speak.  If she upsets you we found that she is
especially sensitive behind her knees.  It's amazing actually, stick a couple of
steel needles in the back of her knees and she goes insane.  It's quite nice to
watch.  Most girls don't have nearly the wonderful reaction as she does, but for
some reason she can't take that form of torture.  I guess they all have their
breaking points...  Oh and last thing before I go, her piss hole has been
plugged up internally so it wont get in your way.  We haven't let her piss in
almost six days now so her bladder is causing her agonizing pain at the moment. 
If you want to use this a leverage tool for yourself go right ahead, but just
lie to her.  Do not remove it because you don't know how and you may seriously
hurt her.  If you mention removal to her she will beg you for hours to let her
pee.  Just look her in the eyes and lie to her to get her to do what you want. 
It's kind of fun actually."  Nat walked to the door and looked back, "Night
Mister Cam, you have fun, but don't stay up to late we have a long day ahead of
us!" Glancing over to Tara who's head was still bowed, she said in a sweet
motherly voice, "Chin up sweetheart, tomorrow we're going to let you pee and if
your EXTRA good we won't fill your bladder right back up again!  Hahahah!  Oh
and honey, remember Wednesday you get to go to the Dentist again, so you can
look forward to that.  Night night!"




Part II - Twas the night before...

As Nat walked out Cam was in a daze, "Fucking A!" he proclaimed and looked down
at the small girl that was gently shaking obviously in great discomfort.  "What
am I going to do with you?" he asked. "Please Sir," she said softly with an
irresistibly sweet trembling voice, "May I look upon you?"  "Sure look up
kiddo!" Cam proclaimed with a smile.  Carefully choosing her words Tara said,
"Please Master would you like to place your penis in my mouth?  My mouth is for
your pleasure and pleasing you is all I am worth in life."  "Excellent!" Cam
exclaimed he liked the Master thing, "But not right now. I've got something else
in mind." 

For years Cam had surfed bondage, S&M, rape and torture sites, but had always
told himself that this stuff never really happened in real life, it was all
staged, or accessible by a select few that were fortunate enough to be privy to
those type of wonders.  Now he was one of the lucky few.  Before him was an
incredibly cute naked teenager begging to suck his dick so he wouldn't hurt her.
But it wasn't the fact that she was begging to suck his dick that gave him an
immense hard-on, it was the fact that he had to the power to do what he wanted
to her.  If he wanted fuck her, he could, If he wanted to beat her, he could, if
he wanted to torture, he could...it was that moment, he made up his mind,
torture her, he would.

Five minutes later he had her chained spread out to all four posts of the bed. 
While she could still move a bit he had always though it was incredibly sexy to
watch the sluts wiggle as they were tortured on the tapes that he had rented
from the porn stores.  Sitting down on the bed next to her he began to run his
hands over the nude teens body, first gliding over her firm, but slightly
distended stomach then her thighs.  He loved the inner thighs of a woman.  Firm
warm flesh waiting to be pinched and squeezed.  At this thought he roughly
grabbed as much thigh flesh that his had could muster and squeezed.  Tara yelped
sharply, but did not scream...she was obviously accustom to pain, from whatever
she training she had gone through in her stay here.  After repeating the same
process on her other thigh and getting a similar response he moved his hand
directly to her tits. He hated when his past lovers always told him to be gentle
with their breasts, he wanted to grab them and squeeze them, turn them, pull
them and poke them... This is exactly what he did for the next 20 minutes.  By
the time he had tiered of her tits Tara was in tears softly crying, and both
breasts were bright red. But she still had not really her screamed for him. 
This was starting to annoy him.  He wanted to hurt her and he wanted to make her
scream.  He had always longed for a girl to beg him to stop while he was
torturing her and that's what he was determined to do.

"You're starting to piss me off Bitch!" he said to her.  Tara whimpered, "Master
please, please tell me why and I'll correct it!"  "You'll see slut" he replied.
Opening the draw next to the bed Cam found the needles that Tara had spoken
about earlier.  Removing one from the drawer her inspected it.  It was only
about 4 inches long, but thicker than any needle he had ever seen before. 
Lovingly he began stroking the back of her knee.  Tara began to sob, "Oh no
please don't, PLEASE they told me I've been good for the past couple days and no
one would do that to me PLEASE! Master don't! I can't take that PLEASE!!" 
Amused Cam looked down at his dick, which he was starting to think, was about to
explode and went on stroking the back of her left knee.  He slowly moved the
needle to her kneecap and slowly scrapped it around the side of her knee until
his hand and the needle was under her knee pressed against the flesh behind. 
"NO NO PLEAAASSEE NO, PLEASE SIR PLEASE MASTER Don't!! I'll suck you!  Fuck me
ANYTHING, but not THAT PLEASE!!!" Tara screamed.  Cam looked at her lovingly,
bent slightly over and kissed her on the forehead whispering softly, "Scream for
me sweetie!"  Slowly he pushed the needle into the flesh behind her knee.  Tara
produced a shriek that almost made him blow his load right there on the bed. 
The girl was bouncing up and down on the bed in agony as he slow moved the
imbedded needle back in forth in her flesh.  For 10 minutes or so Cam was highly
amused. 

He tortured her non-stop with the needle in one hand, with the other he explored
her pussy and her ass leaning all his weight on her belly which definitely he
decided, also put pressure on her full tortured bladder.  Finally he was
finished amusing himself in this way and he wanted to fuck. Leaving the needle
in place he undid her arm shackles and told her put her arms behind her back.
Slowly he removed his pants and straddled her neck and head.  Leaning back he
transferred all his weight to her upper chest making it very hard for her to
breath.  Looking at her again he said, "I know how hard it is for you to breath
with me on top of you like this. So be a good kid, suck well and this will be
over before you know it."  Grabbing her by the back of her head he pulled her
head up towards his crotch and instructed her to open her mouth.  With his hand
firmly grasping the hair behind her head he could maneuver her head so that his
dick was getting maximum friction from her mouth. He just needed to make sure
that he didn't shift his weight and crush her esophagus because that could kill
her. Placing his dick in her mouth he began pushing her head back and forth so
that he was using her mouth like a fuck toy.  "Keep pressure you Slut he yelled!
The sooner I blow my load down you throat the sooner Ill get off and let you
breathe!"  Cam went wild with ecstasy when he first felt his dick reach the back
of her throat and felt her starting to choke.  This was everything he had ever
dreamed of!  Tara continued to gurgle and struggle to breath...once in while
between strokes he lifted his weight off of her chest to give her a chance to
catch a full breath, but as soon as she got a full breath he leaned his weight
back down again.  After what seemed like an eternity to Tara, but a couple
minutes to Cam, Cam blew one of the biggest loads he had ever blown in his life
straight down the young girl's throat.  As the girl choked on his cum ,Cam got
off and laid next to the adorable teenager who was now making sounds as if she
was hyperventilating.  Cam leaned over and held her like a lover until her
breathing returned to normal then slyly moved his back to the needle, which was
still sunk into her flesh and began to play with it again.  Once again Tara was
screaming and Cam loving every second of it.

From the control room Natalie and a couple of techs were watching and taping
everything Cam and Tara were doing as a surprise souvenir for Cam when he
departed and addition to their extensive Tort/ Snuff Library.  They used to tell
the clients that they were taping them, but found that spontaneity was key in
making good torture and snuff videos.  Cam was performing like a champ. She
liked his style.  Not only had he capitalized on all the little hints she had
given him about torturing the little bitch, his lust seemed to drive him crazy
in the heat of the moment.  Natalie knew that this meant that tomorrow would be
a great day.  Cam's little bitch Katrina was going to certainly suffer and this
meant Natalie was ensured multiple orgasms throughout the day.    

Somewhere between fucking the poor girl for the 4th time and deciding to rape
her ass with a small stiff bristled hairbrush he found in the back of the
drawer, Cam slipped blissfully off to sleep. Unfortunately for Tara sleep was
not so easy Cam had made a point to beat her with a cane for almost an hour, the
pain in her bladder was now so excruciating that she was constantly whimpering
in agony.  But finally the poor girl slipped off to semi unconsciousness due to
complete exhaustion only minutes before Natalie was knocking on the door to wake
them up.

Cam popped up in the bed and looked over to the sleeping teen.  Putting her
finger to her mouth Natalie motioned for Cam to be silent.  Slowly crept up to
the girl and gently positioned her hand one on top of the other just below
Tara's navel. With all her might she pushed down on the girls lower stomach and
began violently thrusting her palms into her as if she was doing some form of
morbid CPR.  Tara went wild with agony, screaming at the top of her lungs! Then
suddenly, her eyes went wide and an unspeakable shriek escaped from the young
girls mouth as the girl violently lurched forward against the bonds that Cam had
refastened just before he fell asleep.  "Shit!!" Nat screamed knowing that she
had most likely ruptured the poor girl's bladder.  She grabbed the phone and 30
seconds later men came and carried the Tara off writhing in agony.

Fully awake now Cam looked at Natalie who giggled and said, "Oops!"  I guess
little Tara there isn't going to break the Non-pissing record huh?  Cam just
nodded his head not knowing what to say. Nat smiled and said "Lets go Mr. Cam
time for breakfast."  At that both left the room and proceeded back to the room
that they had eaten in the night before.

After breakfast and after a quick conversation about methods of torture Cam had
picked from the book, Natalie was eager to get started even though she suspected
that the incident before still had Cam a tad bit spooked.  Giggling again she
looked him in the eyes and said "Get over Tara, you haven't seen anything yet,
wait till we get downstairs.  The doctors will treat her for a day or to then
she'll be right back to being strapped down on a lab table having her mouth
fucked and genitals tortured.  I told you she was irresistibly cute huh?" At
this Nat walked toward the door to exit the room.  Shaking his head, with a
strange grin, Cam got up and followed her out of the room.




Part Three - This is going to hurt you a lot more than it hurts me!

Approaching another elevator Nat stopped and turned to Cam.  "Ok Mr. Cam, I'm
going to take you to the lower levels now.  It is there that your sweetheart
awaits you.  She hasn't slept and I just went over her preparations about an
hour ago.  Believe me when I tell you that if you think you gave Tara a night of
terror, your sweet Katrina's was infinitely worse.  There is nothing as
terrifying as your first night in a dark wet dungeon enduring your pubic hair
removed one by one and body poked and violated by a bunch of fat-slobbering
beasts that use your mouth as a urinal and cum receptacle. Umm because of that,
by the way you may want to refrain from kissing your sweetheart, her mouth was
violated by at lest 15 men last night.  She has not been anally or vaginally
raped yet though.  Once again her pussy and ass are now solely for your
enjoyment."  Nat took a breath and continued, "When we get downstairs we will
walk past several torture cells where other women are being tortured or left to
slowly die.  There will also be other clients down there, but all the door to
the cells have mirrored glass so you will be able to watch them, but they will
not be able to see you.  This is to prevent some of our more squeamish clients
from getting embarrassed or upset if they are doing something especially
gruesome or perverted to their victims.  If you see something you like tell me
and I will add it to Katrina's checklist, just keep in mind that if you snuff
her too soon then the fun's over."

Reviewing Natalie's words in his mind Cam gave Katrina a smile and thumbs up. 
"Another thing Cam," Natalie said, "I have a big surprise waiting for you and
you don't have to pay for it if you allow us to add your night with Tara to our
sales catalogue's.  Your face and distinguishing marks will be carefully blurred
out of course." "You taped that?" "Yes Sir! And let me tell you, we'll get
thousands for each copy of that tape!" she said with a smile.  "Fine by me." He
said, "But this surprise of yours better be good." Natalie let one of her
irresistibly cute giggles escape and nodded saying, "Oh yeah your gonna love
this!"

With that Natalie hit the button for the elevator and entered when it arrived
followed by cam.  After pressing a button and quickly entering another password,
the elevator began its gradual trip downwards.  A minute or so later the
elevator stopped and the door opened.

The first thing that Cam noticed was that unlike the level above, this floor was
not lavishly decorated.  This halls and corridors of this floor looked like the
halls of a run down hospital or insane asylums he had seen in movies. The
lightning was dim but ample and there was a musty smell, which could only be
defined as somewhere between the smells encountered in a hospital and a
whorehouse or lap dance area of a strip club.  The floors were tiled and clean,
but walls were barren except for rows of door stretching to the hall into the
dim haze.  These observations aside, Cam realized it wasn't his eyes or nose
that made his heart jump, it was his ears. From every direction came the sounds
of screams...screams of pain...screams of agony...screams of despair and screams
of terror.  Screams like the ones that were so fresh in his mind from his night
with Tara and screams like the ones he had recorded and saved from movies and
Internet movie files. It was the screams that were making his dick hard it was
the screams made smile like he had never smiled before.    

Noticing that Cam was in a daze Natalie grabbed his arm and guided him down the
hallway.  They passed room after room, each inhabited by women and sometimes a
woman and/ or man torturing or raping her.  Some were chained to beds, other to
chairs or walls, but the thing that was most noticeable was each of their eyes. 
In each of their eyes there was terror.  The terror that one feels when they
finally realize that here almost half a mile underground, there was no escape,
there was no hope, their lives were purely to serve as fuck toys with bodies to
torture, experiment on and abuse.  Their only escape was death, but for many of
them death did not come quickly, condemning them to days, weeks, months and
sometimes years of suffering and agony.  It was apparent to Cam that there was
no mercy in this place when he came to stop at the 5th cell that they had
passed. 

Inside the cell maker A5 was a shorthaired brunette most likely in her mid
twenties. She was chained to a steel bed with no mattress.  Sitting in a chair
beside her was a man (obviously another Client) and male mentor that was
assisting him in torturing her.  Cam could not make out what the man was doing
exactly, but he could not see her entire body was covered in blood.  Her screams
could be heard in interval between the man's laughter and the mentor yelling
instructions. Natalie gently put her arms around Cam's waist and tip toed so she
could get a better look.  "Ahh!" She remarked, "That's Shao Lin and his client. 
Shao is the Master of the "Death of a Thousand Cuts". Basically in the client is
given three different knives to be used at his leisure, one is a scalpel used to
make the initial slices, it is extremely sharp and used to precisely cut the
girl around her vital area as to not kill her to soon, the second one is a
somewhat less sharp but larger and used the most to cut her.  It is also used to
connect incisions, and sometimes to lift away skin from her body so she is in
constant agony due to the salt which is rubbed into the skinless areas by Shao
as he waits for the client to make the next cut.  The third blade is I think
unique to this facility and Shao's method of torture.  That blade is serrated
and used to make cuts in the woman's bones away from any vital organs or
arteries of course.  While this knife is not used nearly as much as the others,
because of the amount of blood that it causes, every time the client uses it
Shao cauterizes the wounds with a red hot iron that he keeps beside him to stop
the bleeding.  All in all, this method of torture seems long and horrible to the
victim, but most die from this form of torture in little under a day.  Shao has
tried different methods of transfusing blood to the victims while they are being
tortured, but most die anyway simply from the trauma caused by the ordeal.  I
would not suggest this for your sweetheart though, after last night's
observations, she does not deal with pain well at all.  She seems to have an
unusually low threshold for pain. Hell, she passed out three times alone while
they were plucking her pubes last night.  Lets move on."

They continued down the hall away from the screaming bloody mess that was in A5. 
The next few cells housed captives, but currently no captors so the pair swiftly
moved to B1 where a girl who looked to be 15 years old or younger has being cut
with red-hot blades as what looked like a client was raping her viciously.   The
man was pounding away as the female mentor pressed the glowing hot blades to her
chest and stomach areas.  This girl looked to be in a state of shock her eyes
looked like they were glazed over as she starred off as if they were transfixed
on the wall. Her mouth was open as if she was to scream in terror, but only
small screams of anguish escaped her throat. Peering into the room Natalie
commented, "These two have been at it for a while it looks like.  They only
brought her in a day ago and she already looks as if she fallen into a state of
shock.  Sometimes torture is too much for the young one's mind's to handle,
especially one as young as her."  Nat sighed softly and said, "Let's move on
much more to see and your honey awaits you."

The next few cells held a woman on a rack, a women being beaten with reeds and
canes and a woman shrieking in terror as a short fat man slowly cut off her
breasts in pieces and placed them in a small frying pan heated by a portable gas
grill.  This caught Cam's attention.  "Are they going to eat her?" Cam asked.
"Most likely," Nat replied, but often many men like to dissect their women and
force them to eat themselves.  It does wonders for the victim's psyche.  Cam
grimaced and Nat chuckled as they moved on. 

Rounding the corner, Nat turned to Can and said, "Ok we can continue the tour
later if you like, but the your surprise is in the next room and your sweetheart
awaits you in the room after that.  Cam who's erection was practically
uncontrollable at this point smiled and nodded remarking that he was ready to
see his prize now.  Chuckling, Nat led him to the door of the next room unlocked
it and opened it so he could enter.

Chained to what looked like a gynecological table complete with legs stirrups
was a gorgeous dark haired women in her early twenties.  Tears were streaming
from her eyes as the two approached her.  "This is my surprise?" Cam asked. 
"Yes she is Sir." Natalie replied, "I liked you to meet Andrea, Katrina's
younger sister!"  Cam's eyes beamed with excitement.  "Holy shit, she's almost
as hot as her sister!" "That she is," Nat replied and walked over to the naked
girl and unchained her legs only to refasten them securely in the table's
stirrups.  To Cam's surprise the girl did not struggle at all as Nat manipulated
her legs into the stirrups. "Is she already broken?" he asked.  "In a way," Nat
replied ensuring the each of Andrea's legs was securely fastened into the
stirrups.  Earlier the men visited her and warned her that if she resisted them
or myself they would break her legs.  As a warning they snapped a couple of her
toes. Cam nodded in approval and walked up between the girls widely spread legs
peering at the delicious looking bare pussy, which was open widely before him. 
Purely as if instinctively he hand reached out to touch the remarkable entryway
into Andrea's womb, but Nat stopped him.  "Wait Sir, our primary goal is to make
Katrina suffer not her sister.  Don't be dismayed though you'll have ample time
to fuck them both when we're ready, but the reason that Andrea is here is to add
to Katrina's suffering with the knowledge that her sister will die with her
because of her mistake.  "I see." Cam replied mentally fighting the urge to once
again attempt to plunge his fingers into the gapping fuck hole so invitingly
displayed before him.

Covering Andrea's head with a dark red pillowcase to hide her identity Natalie
proclaimed, "This slut is ready! Let's have the guard bring in your sweetheart!" 
Once again Cam's heart was racing with anticipation.  This was it, he thought,
this is the day I make that whore pay.




Part 4 - The Game Has Begun

As the guard brought the blind folded Katrina into the room Cam marveled at the
sheer beauty of the woman he had masturbated over for the past 8 months. He was
exactly the way he had remembered minus the white flowing dress, which had been
replaced by a plain white t-shirt cut so most of her abdomen could be seen, and
G-string panties.  Fuck she was hot, he thought his hand moving to his throbbing
erection.  As Cam stroked his dick to get it back under control, Natalie giggled
and fastened Kat's arms and legs to T-bar and baseboard secured to the wall. 
Spread out in glorious bondage Natalie gazed upon the beauty and looked to Cam
for his approval.  "Shall I remove the blindfold now?" she asked.  "Be my
guest." He replied.  Natalie untied on the blindfold from around the bound
girl's head and softly brushed her hair away from her eyes so she could have a
good look at Cam standing before her.  As Katrina's eyes focused in the bright
light she saw the face of her captor.  At first there was a look of puzzlement
in her eyes but then puzzlement turned to fear. "Oh No Please not you!  Oh
please I'm...I...I," Katrina did not get word in before Cam punched her hard in
the jaw.  Blood formed in the corner of her mouth as a look of bewilderment
spread across her face at what just happened. "You LIKE THAT SLUT?!?" Cam
screamed. Her mouth looked as if they were going to form another word, but Cam
punched her in the mouth again before she could form the word.... this time
harder.  Now Katrina's lip was busted open and blood trickled onto her chin. 
"You shut the Fuck up Slut!! I'm going to do the talking here!  The time for
apologies passed along time ago, the only time it is for you, is the time
scream!"  At this Cam rushed in on her and ripped her shirt from her chest. 
Briefly glancing at her chest he grabbed her breasts with all his strength and
squeezed.  Katrina's was now howling in pain, but still not fully aware of the
situation she was actually in.  Cam released her breasts and looked into her
soft blue teary eyes, "Your gonna pay whore...I'm gonna make you beg me with all
your strength to kill you...but that's only after I get done fucking and
torturing you and you sister until I'm sick of it!!"  With this statement he
moved to the side and Natalie removed the pillowcase from Andrea's head so her
sister could see that she was not the only trapped in this hell.  Katrina was
now sobbing, "Oh please! No Please NO!! Andrea did nothing to you!! Please don't
hurt her..."  "I'm gonna hurt her and fuck her and hurt some more! You're just
gonna have to watch.  Then when I'm done with her I'm going to start on
you...you fucked me over whore now you're gonna wish the only thing I'll do is
Fuck you!!!" Cam screamed in her face and quickly turned and walked toward
Katrina's terror stricken sister. 

As Cam maneuvered himself between Andrea's widely spread legs he looked over to
Natalie who was smiling brightly nodding her approval.  Cam measured three
fingers then quickly rammed them into Andrea's cunt.  Feeling the tension he
slowly worked his forth finger into her fuck hole then his thumb.  No he had
half his hand in the screaming girls slit.  Roughly he slammed the rest of his
hand into her and in a rage, began to fist fuck the slut.  Andrea who had only
been fucked by two guys in the past screamed as the man before him seemed to be
attempting to shove his arm as far as possible into her vagina.  With his hand
in fully in her cunt now he began to pinch and squeeze anything he could get his
fingernails on.  Andrea went on screaming her eyes wide starring at the mad man
before her.  "Do you know you sister is a whore?" he asked.  Andrea shook her
head back in forth as the attack continued." The only thing in Cam's eyes was
rage.  He wanted to turn her inside out...he wanted to rip her organs out of her
body and pull them out of her cunt. But a gentle arm wrapped itself around his
waist and Natalie's gently voice asked him to stop. "Sir, you can hurt them much
more if you slow down. You're going to put her into shock. Once she's there she
no good to us anymore.  Just eas up and let me guide you now..." Slowly Cam
removed his hand.  After a minute or so Cam calmed down and his emotional level
returned to normal. Natalie said, "Ok now we can get down to business...I think
you've sufficiently scarred them for phase one onto phase two."




Part 5  - Slice and Dice

Natalie grabbed a chair and instructed Cam stand by her side between the shaking
brunette's legs.  Natalie brought out a box that had been stowed beneath the
table and opened it.  From it she removed pair of pliers.  Turning to Cam she
said, "You know where her clit is located right?" "Of course Cam!" replied. 
"Well open the petals of her pussy and grab onto it with this." She calmly said
handing the small needle nosed pliers.  With one hand Cam spread her slit open
and with the other he located and the hood of her clitoris and the bud beneath
it.  Quickly playing with it, the bound brunette who couldn't see what was going
on between her legs involuntarily let out a moan. "Very good Sir, now clamp down
on it with the pliers."  Cam did as he told.  As he maneuvered the cold steel
into her warm moist snatch, Andrea began to pant and sob in anticipation of what
was bout to come.  Fitting her nub between the jaws of the pliers Cam began to
squeeze. "Gently now Sir!" Natalie coached him. Cam alternated the strength in
his grip so that the jaws of the pliers effectively squeeze and released her
clit over and over.  Andrea screamed in pain, bucking her hips as he worked, but
despite her struggles her small love bud remained firmly clasped in the grip of
the agony-inflicting tool. "Now I want you to gently twist her clit clockwise
and hold for five seconds then twist it counter clockwise and hold for 5
seconds. After that gently pull it slightly towards you and hold for 5 seconds. 
Do this over and over while I have a little talk with our dark haired beauty."

Andrea was in hell.  The mad man was methodically tugging and twisting her clit! 
She started to beg for mercy, but the pain continued. Continuing to buck her
hips Andrea prayed that the pain would stop... Walking to head of the bed,
Natalie gently bent close to the screaming girls ear and instructed Cam to stop
for a second.  Whispering softly to the terror-stricken girl, Nat said, "Now we
told you what would happen if you tried to resists.  I guess you thought we were
bullshitting huh...well we'll see about that."  Turning back to Cam she
instructed him continue again and once again the girl's screams started again. 
Walking back to her box Natalie removed a metal hammer with a wooden handle. 
Smiling at Cam who was still busy yanking and pulling the bitch's clit she
firmly grasped he left lower leg and raised the hammer high in the air and
brought it down hard against her leg three times fracturing her tibia into
multiple pieces.  Andrea lunged forward in agony against her bonds, vomited on
herself and passed out slumping back down onto the bed.  From across the room
Katrina's sobs could be heard as she watched the slow destruction of the sister
she loved so dearly.

Natalie smiled at Cam, "Great stuff huh?"  "Oh yeah!" he replied smiling back.
"Let's give her a chance to rest, I think your sweetie is lonely over there and
I'm guessing you dick is ready for some action!  I think you need to give it
some." As Cam strolled over to Katrina, Natalie undid Andrea's bonds and dragged
her off the table and cuffed her to a nearby wall mount.

Happily Natalie joined Cam over by Katrina who was now shouting every known
obscenity at them as loud as she could.  Ignoring her Natalie said to her, "Now
I'm going to unlock you...I want you to walk over to the bed your sister was
just on, get on it and put your legs in the stirrups."  "Fuck you!" was her
response and she spat in Natalie's face.  "Your gonna pay for that bitch!" Nat
exclaimed and knelt down and firmly grabbed her left foot.  In one quick motion
she brought the hammer down on the toes of Katrian's left foot.  AIEEEEEEEEE!!!
She screamed as the pain over tool her senses.  "You gonna be good now?" Natalie
asked again. "I fucking hate you..." was her response but this time in a weak
voice.  "Have it your way..." Natalie sighed and brought the hammer down on the
same foot again.  Ohhhh G Ohhh No more Please...please no more, ILL be good
Please don't hit me again," Katrina sobbed.  Smiling Natalie got up and undid
her bonds and pointed to the bed.  Lying on the bed Katrina looked over to her
pair of tormentors and slowly lifted her legs into the vacant stirrups.  "Very
good sweetie" Natalie proclaimed and motioned to Cam to follow her over.  "Get
rid of those panties..." Natalie said softly.  Without hesitation Cam ripped
them from her body and gazed at the perfect slit that graced the divide between
Katrina's long sexy legs.  Fastening the shackles around Katrina wrist above and
behind her head Natalie moved to fasten her legs into the stirrups. 

Satisfied she was secure an evil look consumed Katrina's face as she walked to
the box and removed a long serrated steak knife and small scalpel and long think
filleting knife.  Holding it to her face Natalie explained, "Listen well my
love, because in a moment your going to be in so much pain you'll never hear my
words."  Natalie loved mentally torturing her victims by first telling them was
about to be do to them then doing it. "There are three cuts that I've mastered
on a woman's body that can that cause enough pain to literally make her shit
herself, believe me I've seen it happen. We're going to start with the most
painful one first because you're going to require most of your strength to
endure this pain.... Now excuse me for a second while I give your boyfriend a
couple words of coaching.  Katrina starred at Natalie in horror.  Turning to Cam
she gently motioned for him to move closer to Katrina's spread legs.  "Now Cam
I'm told there is no greater sensation for a man then having your dick in her
snatch when I perform these cuts.  From what I hear after the cuts, every muscle
in her body especially her lower body contracts and the pressure it causes on
your dick is to die for.  If you time it right you should blow your load into
her right after I make the second cut."  Cam was thrilled.  "Fucking right on!"
he screamed and positioned his dick at the opening of Katrina's open pink slit. 
Now slowly enter her Sir and I'll go on with my explanation of the cuts I'm
about to perform on her." Cam gleefully at long last slowly inserted the head of
his penis into the weeping Katrina who's teary eyes still had not left the knife
Natalie held in her hand.  He felt the soft warmth of her love canal as he moved
his manhood further down her shaft.  Nothing could feel this good Cam though as
his penis was fully inserted into her love hole.  Natalie started again, "Ok Cam
don't fuck her yet, just savor the power you have over her now that you dick is
in her and enjoy the moment.  Lean over now and grab each of her tits with each
of your hands."  Cam did so.  As he grabbed her glorious orbs of flesh he found
himself kneading and squeezing them eliciting small moans from the now utterly
humiliated woman that was still waiting for Natalie to continue in ever
increasing terror.  Seeing that Cam's dick was firmly planted in her cunt and
his hands her gasping both of her breasts, Natalie gave Cam one last piece of
coaching before she got underway.  "Now Cam, one last thing.  I want you to hold
her down when I make these cuts.  Like her sister and like Tara this morning
she's going to lurch forward when I cut her."  Turning back to the door he
called the guard back into the room that promptly knew exactly what to do just
by seeing the knife in Natalie's hand.  Unfastening her right leg from the
stirrup he firmly held her leg under his arm and grabbed her foot doing what he
could to forcefully hold the foot and bend it back towards her leg. Effectively
this fully exposed the tendon behind Katrina's heel.  "Ok honey we're ready now. 
Now don't struggle with the nice guard here because it will only be worse." 
Katrina sobbed. "Understand?" Natalie asked sweetly. "PLEASE don't cut me,
Please I can't bear it...please!!" Katrina begged. Natalie laughed, "Hush your
mouth child you don't even know where I'm going to cut you."  But now Cam
throbbing dick still in Katrina's love shaft was throbbing and he began slowly
moving his hips.  Once again Natalie gestured for him to stop and begrudgingly
he forced his hips to become motionless.  Glancing down at Katrina's tight
athletic stomach, he noticed that it was covered with a small, fine layer of
sweat.  Her breast still in the grasp of his kneading hands were also beginning
to become moist.  "OK lets do this!" Natalie said and moved her face inches away
from Katrina's inviting, pouting lips.  Slowly Nat stuck her tongue out and
liked the blood from the corner of her mouth. "Now I want you to be brave Kat,
this is going to hurt like nothing you've ever felt before, but I know you can
take it.  All I'm going to do is make a quick slice across your Achilles' tendon
on the back of your heal and cut it in two..." "NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO OH Nooo!!!"
Katrina screamed as Natalie moved next to the guard that was till firmly holding
Katrina's foot in place.  Placing the blade of the knife against the tendon
itself Natalie nodded to Cam and said excitedly, "Fuck her,!" At that Cam began
thrusting his dick in and out of Katrina's slit with the aggression and lust
that he had built up over the past few months.  It was then that Natalie ran the
knife slowly but deeply across the tendon that connected her calf muscle to her
heel.  Katrina's scream was inhuman as she expected idly lurched forward in her
bonds, but Cam was ready for it and held her down by her tits.  Natalie was
right every muscle in her lower body contracted as the pain over took her entire
body and she screamed in pure agony.   Quickly the guard placed her quivering
foot back in the stirrup and refastened it as Natalie released her other broken
foot, as the guard grabbed the foot and secured it as he had the other, Katrina
barley felt the pain in her right foot as he held it writhing in agony from the
pain emanating from her ruined heel.  Quickly Natalie sliced the second tendon,
which sent Katrina over the edge, vomiting on her self and pissing all over Cam
and the floor, Katrina passed into darkness.  Two seconds later Cam filled her
cunt with cum.

Andrea awoke to the animal like screams her sister was making right before she
passed out, only to find the guard forcing his penis into her mouth.  Firmly
grasping her shattered leg the guard warned Andrea that if she bit he'd smash
ever bone in her body.  Slurping his penis around in her mouth she finally
gained control and began sucking him the best way she knew how.  Unimpressed the
guard began squeezing her fractured leg as warning that she better shape up or
else, but Andrea had only given one blow job in the past and she lacked the
skill to give pleasure to her assailant. His prick was so far in her mouth he
was practically fucking her throat.  Amused Cam sat down to watch.  He need a
couple of minutes to recuperate but was beginning to feel turned on again as we
watched the guard savagely force fucking Andrea's face.  As Natalie bandage the
unconscious Katrina's wounds she looked at Cam and asked him, "What did you
think?"  "There are no words to describe that." Cam replied. Natalie smiled
again at him and went to the task of preparing Katrina's head for her next
"cut".

The guard was getting pissed now.  The bitch didn't know how to suck a dick and
it was really annoying him.  Glancing at Natalie and Cam he said "This whore
cant get me off, I think I need to stimulate myself in other ways..."  "As long
as that's ok with the client it's Ok with me!"  Natalie shrugged.  "Fine by me."
Cam said just save some for me for later."  "No problem Sir, they be plenty left
and when I get through with her she'll never give any of us any resistance
again." He got up and walked out of the room leaving the crying Andrea still
chained to the wall in a crying heap. 

Natalie walked back between Katrina's legs and revived her by pushing a
inserting a Shish Ka Bob skewer into her urethra.  Snapping back in
consciousness Katrina screamed at the pain between her legs.  Motioning to Cam
Natalie handed the skewer to Cam and asked him to fuck her piss hole with it
until she was prepared to make Katrina's second cut.  Once again Cam was amused
by the way he could make her scream as he slowly moved the skewer in and out of
her piss hole.  She was now begging him for mercy, but Cam paid her no attention
he was having too much fun and what the hell her piss hole was obviously already
ruptured so why not fuck it some more?.  Grabbing her head Natalie fastened her
head down with a strap as Cam merrily continued to move the skewer in and out,
in and out, a little to the left and a little to the right...After about 10
minutes Natalie was ready and called Cam to stand beside her.  Tears were still
flowing from Katrina eyes so Natalie gently patted them with a rag and said in
her soft comforting voice, "Now I need you to stop crying now honey...Do you
hear me?  Kat?"  Slowly Katrina nodded her head and Natalie continued, "Ok my
dear time for the second cut."  Katrina began to whimper, but she now knew now
that begging theses two psychos for mercy would not stop anything.  "Now
Katrina, this cut is going to be shorter, but the pain will probably last longer
than the last two so once again listen up, don't cry and I'll tell you exactly
what to expect before I do it." Katrina continued to whimper tears once again
welling in her eyes.  "Stop that Bitch or I'll make two cuts this time like the
last time instead of just one!!"  Katrina fought back the tears and looked to
Cam for some sign of mercy, but he was just standing over her stroking his dick
once again. From her pocket Natalie produced a small sharp scalpel and held it
in front of Katrina's face.  "Now Kat sweetie I need you to be extra brave this
time and force your eye to stay open when I make this next cut or I'll be forced
to cut off your eyelash.  Katrina gasped; she was going to cut out her eyeball. 
Tears began to flow and beads of sweat appeared on her forehead.  "Please" she
whimpered, but Katrina had already begun moving the scalpel toward the cornea of
her right eye.  Katrina squeezed her eye shut as hard as she could.  "I warned
you..." Natalie sighed and grasped the end of Katrina's eyelash with pair of
tweezers and moved it away from her eyeball.   Slowly she sliced the eyelash
away from her eye and looked into Katrina's beautiful blue eyeball.  "Be right
she said back sweetie," she said and turned to Cam.  Now Cam this time what I
need you to do is after I slice through her cornea and the lens I want you to
jerk off and blow a load in her eye.  It's kind of like just a joke but your
going to cum in her eye.  Katrina's whimpers had now become sobs once again but
this time the tears didn't matter because there was nothing to protect her eye. 
"Clam down missy or I'll do this to your other eye when I'm finished with this
one."  Katrina continued to sob uncontrollably.  "Oh well..." Nat sighed again,
"Lets get started."  Bending over she placed the blade of the scalpel a
millimeter away from the girl's widely staring eyeball, which was now darting
back in forth in the socket.  Motioning to Cam she cued him to start jerking
off.  Which he did grinning evilly down at the slut that he still so
passionately hated. Slowly Natalie sliced into the Katrina's eyeball, running
the blade across the eyeball from end to end. Clear fluid flowed out of the
eyeball as Katrina's screams reached new level. Jerking his dick as hard as he
could Cam savored the pain in Katrina's face, the sound of her agonized screams
and the sweat that now her entire incredible body was bathed in.  Seeing that
Cam was having trouble, Natalie knelt down and took Cam's penis into her mouth,
sucking it like a true pro, once again with his dick now in Natalie's mouth Cam
swore that nothing on Earth could ever feel any better.  Concentrate on the
sensations coming from Nat's mouth and Katrina's continued screams, Cam blew his
load in Natalie's mouth. Sucking the last drop from his penis Natalie bent over
and spit the cum into Katrina's mutilated eye and watched her writhe once again
in renewed agony.  Katrina was convulsing in agony now.  They were losing and
her and Nat knew it so she called in the doctor who rushed her off to the
infirmary and sedated her. 

"Close call..." Natalie said to Cam, but Cam was still in his own world.  He had
barley noticed the events of the past 60 seconds and was still thinking about
Natalie's gorgeous, lips and mouth sucking at his prick.  Her mouth had felt
better than Katrina's cunt but he snapped back to reality and replied to her,
"Do you think she gonna make it?"  Sure Natalie replied let's go eat.  Stepping
over Andrea they proceeded back to the elevator and went upstairs to get
something to eat.

That night Cam was too tired to have a bed companion and fell asleep as soon as
he hit his bed.  Several hundred feet below though Katrina's night was not going
as well.  While her eye had been bandaged and her legs and feet treated, the
doctor who was caring for her decided that instead of letting her sleep, he
wanted to test out the gorgeous blonde laying in the infirmary bed before him. 
Katrina spent the rest of the night being raped and abused by the doctor who
never seemed to tire of raping her then sticking needles into her until he was
horny enough again to rape her again.




Part 6 - Dawn of a new Day

Slowly morning and came and Katrina was taken back to her torture cell.  On the
floor was still the crumpled ruined body of her sister but this there was
something wrong with her.  Her breathing was rabid as if panting and her legs
were at an odd angle.  Upon inspection the doctored assessed that 6-8 of her
ribs had been cracked by a blunt instrument and her pelvic bone had been
shattered with a large sledge hammer that was now sitting in the corner of the
room.  Chaining Katrina the bed with her legs in the stirrups the doctor went
back to Andrea and began a more thorough examination.  Every time he touched her
or tired to move her the poor broken girl screamed in agony.  He wanted to ask
her to sit up, but knew there was no was that a woman with a fractured pelvis
could, so he left a note and picked her up and carried her to the infirmary. 
After inspecting her again, he found that a fractured rib had punctured one of
her lungs.  Unfortunately for Andrea he also found that he had an incredible
erection and slowly spread the screaming girls legs a part to get a look at her
snatch.  The pain in her hips was so incredible that Andrea passed out, but the
doctor continued to probe around her nether region and ultimately decided that
raping her would injure her anymore than she already was, as long and he didn't
lean his weight on her fractured ribs and burst her other lung. Andrea awoke in
agony to the doctor thrusting his dick into her ass.  He had positioned her at
an angle that would not be possible had her pelvis not been smashed and was
forcefully slamming his dick into her ass.  Andrea could no longer scream
despite the incredible pain the doctor was causing her. Desperately gasping to
breath she slipped back into oblivion moments before the doctor came in her ass.

Back in the Torture cell Natalie was pissed after finding out what happened to
Andrea and ordered that the guard responsible be punished.  While she knew her
orders would be carried out she decided that she would take out her anger on
weary and practically traumatized Katrina.  Ordering Katrina to kneel doggy
style on the floor she requested that Cam mount her from behind and fuck her in
the ass while she performed the third and final cut.  Katrina was past begging;
she knew that her begging and pleading only caused Cam to fuck her more
lustfully, so she got on her hands and knees on the floor and raised her ass so
Cam could fuck it.  While she had never experienced anal sex before she knew
nothing could compare to the horrors she endured the day before. 

With knew vigor and strength Cam positioned himself behind the slut that
amusingly was raising her ass into the air to allow him better access.  Taking
his thumb he pushed it into Katrina's ass, which only caused her to let a small
tortured moan.  Smiling he removed his dick from his pants and positioned it in
the opening to Katrina's asshole.  Natalie dispensed with the pleasantries this
time and got a large butcher's knife out of the box near the bed.  As Cam
thrusted in and out of Katrina's ass, Natalie reached under Katrina firmly
grasped one of her breast and proceed to slice the mammary in half.  As Katrina
collapsed in pain finding the strength to scream and struggle again Natalie
forced her hand under Katrina once again and slashed her other breast.  Cam
lifted her ass off the ground once again and told her if she didn't get back on
her knee he was going to have Natalie skin her alive.  With all her strength,
still convulsing in pain Katrina feebly tried to bring herself to her knees. 
Luckily Cam finished quickly coming into her and released her as she collapsed
in a pool of blood.  Still fired up Natalie quickly turned the half conscious
fuck toy over and began pouring salt into the open gashes on her breasts. 
Struggling with all her might Katrina rolled herself into a ball protecting her
ruined tits and passed out once again.


Because of the blood loss Cam and Natalie allowed her to sleep for the rest of
the day in hopes that she would regain her strength to continue to her torture. 
Unfortunately she didn't and at 7pm that night the doctor announced that Katrina
had little time left.  Not wanting to miss the opportunity the pair returned to
the torture cell and prepared for the final stages of Katrina's torture. 
Suspending her from the ceiling with her feet almost a foot off the floor Cam
and Nat both began the task of using small pliers to pull the flesh from
Katrina's bones.  As Natalie grasped squeezed and pulled piece after piece of
Katrina's naked mutilated body, Cam burned her with hot irons and fucked her ass
one last time.  Katrina could still feel pain but her mind was ruined and it's
been questionable whether or not actually knew what was going on.  Seeing this
Cam released her from her bondage and laid her down on the floor.  Grabbing a
bottle of pure alcohol that he had seen on a shelf Cam doused her entire body
from head to toe.  Bending close to her ear he asked her one final question, "Do
you have a light?" 

Written by Baer-chen




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Baer-chen(no email) 


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





