BDSM Library - Beyond Pilates




Beyond Pilates
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Suzanne, a bored North Boston suburban stay-at-home mother has sublimated her sexual desires in a vigorous daily Pilates workout at a local health club. Unexpectedly, she befriends a tough, animalistic body builder and begins to actively fantasize about having sexual intercourse with him. One day on a whim, she steps beyond fantasy and invites him home for lunch. The ensuing sex is all she envisioned and even more as she becomes a captive of her sexual desires. The sexual activities spin out of control and Suzanne joins the dark side while coniving to bring her overworked husband Tom along with her into a world of sexual depravity.
  Beyond Pilates (M+/F, Humiliation)





If under 18, you should skip this and go find something else to read. If you are
over 18 and/or legal age in your place of residence, read and enjoy. Please
direct any

Comments to HarryBerg01@aol.com





************************************************************************



  "Man, your ass feels tight. They're right about Pilates keeping a girl tight
in all the right places. I know a special exercise that will test you core
strength. I'm going to let you suck on my tester then I'll sink it all the way
to your core and take a measurement," said Rick as he ground his crotch against
Suzanne's butt. Suzanne could feel his cock through the two layers of Spandex.
Both were still dressed in their workout clothes. Rick slid his hands around her
hips into the V where Suzanne's legs met. His powerful fingers massaged her clit
and labia causing her breath to grow more rapid. That almost caused her to lose
control as she felt Rick's fingers probed her sex forcing her labia against her
clit. Suzanne let out a low moan and breathed deeply as her clit reacted to the
pressure of Rick's fingers.

  "Suzanne purrs like a kitten when her pussy's stroked," laughed Rick as he
took his hands away. 

  Suzanne was standing at her kitchen sink carefully slicing an organic tomato
when Rick came up behind her and pushed his groin against her bottom. Rick's
roving hands made her want to forget lunch and just lay down on the kitchen
floor and let Rick fuck her senseless. Only at the last minute, did she pull
back from that choice.

  "If you want a sandwich, you better let me finish," said Suzanne trying to
clear her mind of the sensual thoughts that were being transmitted from her
crotch to her brain.

  "I'm going to let you finish. The Rickster fucks better after he takes on a
little fuel," said Rick as he slowly pulled his hands away and returned to the
family room.

"Oh my God, what am I doing? I'm soaking wet where he touched me. Why did I
invite him over for lunch? Lunch is obviously not all he is expecting to get." A
voice in Suzanne's head whispered, "And it wasn't all you expected to get
either, slut. Who are you trying to kid?"

  Suzanne frowned as she spread low fat mayonnaise on a slice of unseeded rye
bread. She put the bread down, bent over and buried her face in her hands. 
Thoughts tumbled around in her head.

   "He's a brute, a smelly animal with the intelligence of a potted plant. Why
do I want this for myself? What the hell has gotten into me? I'm risking
everything I've worked all these years to build. This is insane."

  "How it coming in there? How about another beer," yelled Rick from the family
room?

  "Everything will be ready in a minute." Suzanne yelled back as she carefully
placed two leaves of organic Boston lettuce on the bread and added several
slices of low cholesterol roast turkey. Suzanne's brain just wouldn't give up
tormenting her about the choice she had just made.

  "I must be out of my mind. I am risking my marriage to a wonderful man, my
beautiful home, and maybe even my son because I cannot control myself. What is
it within me that making me self-destructive? I've always been able to do the
right thing. Now I'm like a moth drawn to a flame. No, nothing that nice, I'm
acting like a nymphomaniac slut ruled by her desires for male cock. You always
read that a man think with his dick. What in God's name am I using for a brain,
that little knob of flesh above my vagina? I'm too smart and well educated to
act like that. What's wrong with me? God if he touches my pussy again, I'm going
to get down on my knees and beg him to fuck me."

  Suzanne thought back to several weeks ago when Rick had joined the Lexington
Health Club. Although the club was a well-equipped facility with the latest in
exercise classes, Nautilus machines and free weights, it usually did not attract
Rick's type. The World Gym or Gold's were the clubs where the serious body
builders congregated.   Lexington Club was located in an upscale suburb north of
Boston. It was too family-oriented for the Rick's of the world. During the
morning, young stay-at-home mothers with small children made up the majority of
the club's clientele. In the evening, the crowd changed to after work
professionals.

  Suzanne worked out mornings five days a week. She usually started off with a
Spin or Step class for cardio and legwork then performed a regimen of free
weights and machines. Her special interest was Pilates and she usually finished
her workout with a ninety-minute Pilates Master Class or one of the Hatha Yoga
classes. She was considering becoming certified to teach Pilates. Suzanne had
responded positively to the fundamentals of Pilates. As her Pilate's instructor
had observed, certain exercises work for certain people and Pilates worked for
Suzanne. Rick obviously new something about Pilates since he made that remark
about Suzanne's core strength. Core strength was a term frequently heard in
Pilate's classes. It referred to the hips to chest area that Pilates focused on
to improve the participant's basic body strength."

  Pilates had increased Suzanne's core body strength dramatically. She always
worked at Level 3, the most difficult and challenging version of each Pilates
exercise. Some of the exercises such as the Teaser were incredibly difficult at
Level 3. After a year of intense Pilates, Suzanne's abdomen and lower back were
incredibly strong and well muscled. Around the Lexington Club, Suzanne was known
as the girl with abs to "die for". Other countered it was her muscular but
nicely rounded butt they were willing to give up their life for.

  Suzanne was proud of her intense concentration during her Pilate's workouts.
Her hard work had paid off in a great body that even at thirty years of age and
one child still attracted the stares of men and women alike.

  It was a Tuesday when she first noticed Rick. He must have been a new member.
Suzanne was working the Nautilus Inner Thigh machine (inner thigh is normally a
problem area for women) when she looked over at the bench press and saw someone
lifting some very serious kilograms. He finished his reps for the first set then
sat up. Suzanne remembered thinking "what an animal". He was huge. The phrase
"chiseled out of stone" applied. She guessed his height at three to five inches
over six feet. His shoulders and arms were enormous and ripped. His waist was
narrow and his thighs bulged with muscle. He had on one of those shirts that had
been cut off and that revealed a well-defined six-pack of abdominal muscles. 
Blonde hair and steel blue eyes completed the package.

   But the body part that attracted Suzanne's eye was one that you couldn't
improve in a gym. When he was lying on the bench press, there was a huge lump
between his legs. Suzanne found herself staring at it while she moved her thighs
apart against the resistance of the weight stack. After she complete her first
set of sixteen reps, she opted for another set just so she could continue to
watch that bulge whose contours were pretty well defined by the tight Spandex
shorts. As she worked her way through the second set of sixteen reps at low
weight intended to burn the fat off her inner thighs, her mind wandered.

  "What would it be like to have a man like that on top of me, driving his big
hard cock in me, grunting and sweating as he fucked me until he climaxed inside
me? And it wouldn't necessarily be consensual, he would have taken me whether I
agreed or not. He would force me, hold me down and take me whether I liked it or
not. Of course, I'd love it before he was done. Girl, you've been reading too
many of those bodice ripping romance novels. Real life isn't like that," thought
Suzanne.

  When Suzanne finished her set, she saw that Rick had noticed her staring at
him. He smiled at her as he disassembled the barbell placing the twenty and
forty-kilogram plates back in the rack. He was actually pretty good looking if
you went for the rugged type decided Suzanne. He couldn't be a competitive body
builder, too many tattoos.

   His working out at the Lexington Club struck Suzanne as odd. The Lexington's
Club's monthly dues were expensive and most of the members were professionals.
Rick looked more like someone who belonged in the weight room of the Walpole
state prison.  It was later that Suzanne learned that Rick had inherited a large
sum of money from his mother's brother and was quite well off. Rick owned and
managed an automotive body shop in nearby Concord, Massachusetts.

  Suzanne found herself working more with free weights and less with machines
over the next several days. Rick rigidly followed a schedule like most serious
body builders. Suzanne told herself it had nothing to do with him but in her
heart she knew that was a lie. He was there every morning when she got there.
Finally one day, Suzanne was using the bench press when she heard a voice say,
"Let me spot you."  She was lying on her back on the bench and looking up at the
bulge in his shorts. He straddled the bench to where his crotch was only a foot
above her face. She could smell the sweat on his thighs. She found herself
wanting to reach up and touch that bulge. She fantasized about slipping her hand
inside his shorts and grabbing his cock as her tongue licked drops of
perspiration off his thighs.

  "You going to lift or just stare?" he asked.

  "Oh sorry," said Suzanne as she started to press the barbell.

  When Suzanne finished her set, she said "Thanks" and smiled.

  "I'm Rick. We seem to work out on the same schedule."

  "I'm Suzanne. I come here every morning after I get my little boy, Jason, off
to pre-school." Suzanne thought that somehow informing him she was the mother of
a pre-schooler would protect her.

  "Well, if you need a spot, yell. It can be a little dangerous if you loose it
and there's a lot of weight overhead. Wouldn't want to see a pretty face like
yours crushed."

  "Thanks, I'll remember that," said Suzanne inwardly thrilled he thought she
was pretty.

  After that, they had gotten just a little friendlier. Rich showed her some
body sculpting exercises and taught her how to improve her form to get the most
out of her exercise program. They even worked on their abdomen together lying
beside one another on the exercise mat located in one corner of the free weight
area. They even got a little competitive at some of the more difficult lower abs
exercises.

  Suzanne felt things were under control until one day she was drying off in the
ladies locker room after spin class when she heard Joanne and Irene two of the
club's aerobics instructors gossiping in the adjacent shower stall.

  "Rick slapped her around when she wouldn't cooperate. She threatened to get a
restraining order. He wanted her to do some things she wasn't up for. One of her
eyes was black."

   "What did Rick want her to do?" asked Irene.

  "That she wouldn't say; but it must have been pretty nasty. I bet it was anal
or maybe a three way with one of his buddies. It had to be something depraved.
Serena Petracca was not exactly the most innocent girl to come out of Revere
High School. It's hard to imagine something she found objectionable."

  "You said a mouthful there. You know she blew the basketball team after they
won the regionals. She was a cheerleader. She rode back on the team bus and
sucked everyone dry including Coach Ames."

  "She even blew Marty Johnson, the little twerp who kept up with the equipment.
Can you imagine sucking that little dork's cock?  I remember it was all over
school the next day. In fact, Serena told everyone what she did. She still has a
big mouth. We were at the 99 Restaurant last Saturday after Step Aerobics class.
Serena had two Tequila Sunrises so I asked her how things were with Rick. She
said Rick's cock was as big as the rest of him. She told me that if I ever
wanted my brains fucked out, just ask Rick. She said he had the equipment of a
stallion and the staying power of a goat." Irene laughed as she closed her
locker.

  "You're getting me horny," said Joanne as the two left for an aerobics class.

  Suzanne drove home immediately; stripped naked, and laid down in her king size
bed with her legs spread wide. She covered her clitoris in Astro-Glide and went
to work with her fingers. She reached over to her nightstand and pulled out a
small silver vibrator and applied it to the area around her clitoris. She found
herself pressing it hard into the soft flesh surrounding her clit. After a few
minutes, she pulled a ten-inch dildo out of the bottom drawer, covered it in
Astro-Glide, and pushed it inside her vagina.  One of her girl friends had
bought the dildo as a gag gift for her last birthday. Until that day, Suzanne
had never seriously considered using it.

  "I bet Rick's got ten inches and I want it all, you hear that Rick, Suzanne
wants you to fuck the shit out of her, slap her around and make her beg for your
cock," whispered Suzanne to the empty bedroom as she grasped the top of the
dildo and tried to force the entire length inside her vagina. When it stopped,
there were still a couple of inches exposed and it was hurting her deep inside
her female parts. It didn't seem to want to go any further.

  "Fuck you Suzanne, take it all," said Suzanne as she slapped the flat top of
the dildo with her open palm to hammer the last few inches into her cunt. The
pain was excruciating for a few seconds then she relaxed. It felt good to feel
so full and stretched as her hands returned to working her clit with the
vibrator.

  "Oh fuck me, Rick, rip my pussy with your cock. I'm your whore and slut. I
want you inside me," moaned Suzanne.

   Suzanne fantasized that Rick was on top of her, raping her. Suzanne started
shouting "Fuck me, Rick" over and over again. Finally, she climaxed forcing the
dildo out of her cunt as her body clinched and convulsed in a long clitoral
orgasm that left her exhausted.

  "Oh God, that was good. Should I feel guilty because I imagined myself with
another man? Why should I? When we're watching porn and Tom jerks off, he always
says he was fantasizing that he was fucking one of the women on the screen,"
thought Suzanne.

  Later after she showered, Suzanne felt guilty when she admitted to herself
that her fantasy orgasm with Rick was more powerful than the ones she was having
with her husband Tom. Lately Tom and her sex life had consisted of masturbating
while watching hardcore porn right before they went to bed. It had turned into
something of a nightly ritual.

  "Want to jerk off," Tom would ask as the 10:00PM news finished.

  "Yes," Suzanne would reply most nights. Some night, Suzanne found herself
suggesting they masturbate when Tom didn't. A few times lately, Tom had
suggested she go ahead and jerk off but he was too tired. Tom would hand her the
TV and DVD remotes leaving Suzanne to pleasure herself while Tom quickly went to
sleep. But most nights their sex life followed a mutual pattern.

    Tom would go to the cabinet and remove a DVD from their large library of
porn and put it in the player. 

  Both of them took about five to ten minutes to reach a climax. Sometimes, if
Suzanne finished first, she would help Tom get off by sucking and licking his
balls as he jerked his cock. Occasionally if Tom climaxed first, he would pinch
and lick her nipples to her off. After that they quickly went to sleep.

   Maybe once a month, on Saturday or Sunday afternoon, the two of them would
actually have intercourse. They would get in the mood by watching porn for a few
minutes. Suzanne would get Tom hard with her mouth then he would eat her until
she climaxed. Suzanne would suck Tom some more if he had lost his erection. Once
hard, Tom mounted her in the missionary position. After a few strokes he
switched to dog position. Lately, Suzanne had been getting on top since that
allowed her to maximize the friction her clit received from Tom's pubic area. 
Normally, Tom finished by jerking himself off while Suzanne once again licked
and sucked his balls.

  When Suzanne saw a Cosmopolitan in the checkout line at the supermarket where
the title asked "Has Your Marriage Bed Lost Its Spark?" she was forced to admit
the answer was a definite yes.

    Tom had made some suggestions to improve their sex life that Suzanne had
resisted for reasons she wasn't sure of.

  "I'd like you to do that to me," said Tom. They were watching a 2-hour
compilation titled "Strap On Anal #12". A busty blonde was pushing a long
strap-on dildo into a man' rectum while a brunette also wearing a strap-on was
making the man suck on the latex cock like it was a real one.

  "Who'd do the brunette part, your sister?" responded Suzanne trying to make a
joke.

  "No, just you fucking me with a strap-on sounds hot. I dreamed about it the
other night. You were fucking me slow and deep right in my ass. If I buy a
strap-on, will you fuck me with it."

  "I need to think about that. We've never done anal. It doesn't seem natural. I
thought only gay men liked anal."

  "Hell, the guy on the screen with twelve inches of latex up his butt isn't
gay. He just ate and fucked those two women for openers. Besides I'd love to
fuck you in that tight ass with my cock. I've told you that."

  "Let me think about it. I need to get used to the idea. Anal sex can be a
little messy."

  "Messy, what do you mean?"

  "Those porn actors have enemas before they engage in anal sex. If I stuck a
dildo like she's using up your ass, it'd probably come out covered with shit."

  "So we can give each other an enema before we start. That's even better. I've
heard enemas can be an exciting form of sex play."

  "I'm not rejecting the idea. Just give me a chance to think about it. Like I
said I need to get used to the idea that your cock is going to be inside my
butt. I bet it would hurt like hell."

  "Maybe to start, but you'd get used to it. Those girls can handle it and that
guy's cock is huge."

  That conversation occurred two months ago and Tom hadn't brought it back up
even though they'd recently been performing their nightly masturbation ritual to
something titled, "Anal Whores #5".

  When Suzanne compared the frequency and intensity of their sex life with that
of ten years ago when they were both in law school, she wondered where they
would be in another ten years.

  After her first Rick fucks Suzanne down and dirty fantasy, Suzanne had gotten
in the habit of rushing home after her last gym class and masturbating while she
imagined Rick doing every conceivable depraved act with her.  Right before she
left the health club she would take a good look at Rick working out in the free
weight area.

  Or even better, Rick would be jumping rope. Rick's cardio workout included ten
minutes of high-speed jump rope work that left him standing in a pool of his own
sweat. From a distance, Suzanne would watch Rick's body produce a fine spray of
perspiration that slowly formed a large puddle on the rubber flooring. Suzanne
would imagine herself crawling toward Rick. Once at his feet, she licked the
perspiration off the mat then slowly applied her mouth to the rivulets of sweat
trickling down his legs. She began at his calves and worked her tongue slowly up
past his knees to his thighs. At the end, Suzanne tongue was extended to catch
the large drop of sweat dripping off his balls. Suzanne's cunt got so wet the
first time she had this fantasy; she found a large deposit of her Bartholin
secretions in the crotch of her workout shorts.

   She would hold that image in her mind as she drove home with her fingers
working her clitoris. Suzanne would strip as soon as she reached her bedroom,
pretending Rick was pulling her clothes off. Once there, she spread her legs to
where it hurt and used her vibrator and dildo to masturbate until she climaxed.
At first, the orgasms were so strong, she felt satisfied. But after a week or
two, Suzanne was forced to admit she wanted the real thing between her legs.

  "Shit, I'm just not ready to become a nun at Tom's Abbey. I need to be fucked
and fucked hard," complained Suzanne.

  But still, even thinking about having sex with Rick caused Suzanne to feel
guilty. Tom was intelligent, gentle, and loving. He was a terrific father. Jason
was absolutely nuts over his dad. He was a hard working lawyer who was on his
way to becoming a full partner in one of Boston's most prestigious law firms.
Suzanne was also a lawyer but when Jason was born, they both agreed Suzanne
would stay home until Jason entered the first grade. Suzanne had to admit that a
major part of their lack of good sex was that Tom was working fourteen-hour
days.

  "I'm home all day with time on my hands so I can fantasize about fucking Rick
where poor Tom is working so hard to build a secure future for us that's he's
too exhausted to screw me. Frankly, Tom deserves a better, more understanding
wife," admitted Suzanne.

    "I don't deserve Tom or Jason," concluded Suzanne, "Tom's everything a woman
would want in a husband.  Why can't I get my mind off someone who batters women?
How did my judgment become so poor that I let this happen? How did Rick come to
be in my family room drinking Tom's beer and planning to fuck Tom's wife?"

   Suzanne asked herself these and other questions as she finished preparing
lunch. Suzanne knew that today's event had come about just by chance or did
they.

  As Suzanne was leaving the gym that morning, Rick happened to be leaving too.

  "I feel like eating something healthy. You couldn't recommend a place where a
guy can get an organic lunch?" asked Rick holding the door open for her.

  Suzanne was about to recommend the cafe in the Wild Harvest organic grocery
store located in the center of downtown Lexington when she changed her mind and
said, "I make a very healthy lunch, come over to my place." The fact that Tom
was in Atlanta visiting a client and Jason wouldn't be home until late afternoon
made it an easy decision.

  "I wouldn't want to impose," said Rick surprising her by being polite.

  "No, it'll be my way of thanking you for helping me with the free weights. I
only live about a mile away. Just follow the white Lexus SUV. If you don't mind,
just pull in the garage beside me," said Suzanne thinking that she didn't want
her neighbors seeing Rick come home with her. On the drive home, Suzanne kept
repeating to herself, "Like Cesar, I have crossed my Rubicon but unlike Cesar
I'm going to slip back across and stop this before it gets out of hand."

    She finished making the sandwiches and placed them on a tray along with a
pitcher of ice tea and another beer.

  "I'm going to give him lunch, only lunch, and then I' m going to tell him I
made a mistake and send him on his way," decided Suzanne. If I don't, I'm going
to wind up on the family room floor with his cock in me."

   "Goddamn, what do I really want? This endless debate is driving me insane,"
Suzanne asked herself one more time.

  As Suzanne walked into the family room, Rick was saying, "See you" into his
cell phone. He ended the call and hung up. The television was tuned to the
Cartoon Channel; but Rick surprised her by turning off the television. He stood
up and walked over to her built in cabinet that held their large collection of
pre-recorded music.

  "Got any Barry White?" asked Rick.

  "Yes, they're arranged alphabetically."

  "Quite a collection."

  "Tom collects Jazz. I stick with Pop."

  "There's Barry, right with the W's," said Rick as he pulled a CD out of the
plastic case and inserted it in the DVD player. Once the first cut started
playing, he adjusted the sound level to background music.

  Suzanne made some mental decisions as Rick returned from setting up the stereo
and sat back down on the couch. She realized she had been thinking with her
cunt. The result was that a huge brute was sitting in her house playing Barry
White and expecting to fuck her as soon as he finished two turkey sandwiches. 
Suzanne sat the beer and the sandwich down on the coffee table in front of Rick.
Rick reached up and grabbed her and pulled her down on his lap.

  "God, you've got a great body. It's hard and firm. I like that, " Rick said as
he slid his hand inside her tee shirt and sports bra and squeezed her bare
breast. He squeezed her nipple hard as he pulled her face down and kissed her,
pressing his lips against hers. He pressed his lips against hers so hard it
hurt.

  When she resisted his probing tongue, he grabbed the sides of her mouth in one
giant hand and forced it open; then he pushed his tongue inside her mouth. She
felt his hot, wet tongue probe inside her mouth. Her tongue played with his and
she pushed her tongue inside his mouth.

   "He's raping my mouth already," Suzanne thought, " I'm not going to be able
to resist him. I really want this."

   "I'm hungry. I need to eat first; then I'll fuck you," he said as he broke
his kiss and slipped her off his lap. He took a swallow of beer and bit into the
sandwich. Suzanne ate her sandwich and sipped ice tea. Finally, she summoned the
courage to speak up.

  "You seemed to be taking certain things for granted. What gave you the idea
that I intended to have sex with you?" said Suzanne as she pulled her tee shirt
down.

  "You, You want it, Suzanne. The Rickster knows when girls got an itch for
cock. Take your top off I want to look at your tits while I enjoy my healthy
lunch."

  "No, You're making assumptions about why I asked you here. I just thought it
would be nice for me to give you lunch to thank you for helping me at the club."

  "Yea, sure, now get that fucking top off before I rip it off. Tits, honey, The
Rickster wants to see your tits."

  Suzanne pulled the tee shirt off then the sports bra. Suzanne had been in
college the last time another man beside Tom or medical personnel had seen her
naked breasts. Suzanne felt embarrassed, humiliated and exhilarated all at the
same time.

  "Your mouth is saying one thing but your nipples are telling a different
story. Look at those zickers stand up," said Rick as he reached over to take one
of Suzanne's nipples between two mayonnaise coated fingers."

  Suzanne shuddered as Rick's fingers closed around her nipple and he applied
enough pressure to make her want to say "ouch". Rick was right. Suzanne's
nipples were standing up proud and hard. They were screaming "lies" when she
claimed she didn't want to have sex with Rick.

  "Ever thought about getting a boob job?" asked Rick as he took his hand away
from her breast leaving a smear of mayonnaise. 

  "I'm a 34C. I never considered it necessary," said Suzanne.

  "Maybe not, but lots of girls want big boobs. Half the women at the club have
a boob job. Ever been to the Cabaret or The Golden Banana? All the dancers have
boob jobs or augmentations as they call them." Suzanne knew that Rick was
referring to two nude dancing clubs located a few miles away on Route One.

  "I never thought about it much," responded Suzanne. Actually, Suzanne had been
to the Golden Banana. The Golden Banana had a Ladies Night once a month when
male strippers performed. She had been there on two occasions for batchelorette
parties.  Some of the women had gotten pretty wild after a few drinks. Once, she
and Tom and another couple had stopped in on a dare. Suzanne recalled that the
female dancers in contrast to the male dancers got totally nude and that the
women had huge unnatural-looking breast augmentations.

  Rick reached over and picked up a tabletop framed picture off the end table.
The picture was recent and it showed Tom, little Jason, and Suzanne.

  "Your husband come to the club?" asked Rick.

  "No, Tom's never been much of a gym bunny. Now he's working too hard at the
law firm to find time to go. He hopes to make full partner soon. Hopefully after
that, he can start working out."

  "Lawyer, huh, Working his ass off for the almighty dollar. He'll make you a
rich widow then. Lots of guys working themselves into an early grave so the wife
and stay home and fuck around. Never quite seen the logic of it myself."

  "I'm going to make Tom set aside some time to exercise," said Suzanne. What
Rick had just said was close enough to the truth to bother Suzanne.

  "Hubby know you fuck around on him?" asked Rick looking at the picture

   "No, I mean I have not been with anyone else since we were married."

   "So you selected the Rickster to break you in. Good choice.  Fancy beer, you
drink it or hubby?"

  "Tom likes it. The company that distributes it in the US is one of his
clients. They send him a case every two weeks."

  "Grolsch, real German beer. I prefer Coors or Sam Adams but this isn't bad.
You know you're not the only little stay-at-home mother at the Lexington Club
that has been inviting me home and for lunch and dessert," said Rick as he
finished up the second sandwich.

  "I'm not?" queried Suzanne all of a sudden concerned.

  "You know Faye Lacoste? She's in your spin class, real spin nut. She's a short
brunette with big brown eyes. Now there's a set of tits. I have been eating
lunch at her house. Faye's probably the most frequently used piece of equipment
at the club. Several of the personal trainers are also banging Faye.  And of
course, there's skinny Irene with that long dirty blonde hair and absolutely no
tits. Half the guys at the club got bigger boobs than Irene. She has been riding
my pony while we have our noon repast. I'm pretty busy; but I liked your ass so
I decided to give you a try."

  "I've obviously made a mistake. I invited you home just for lunch and nothing
else. Maybe at one time, I was interested in something more but I've changed my
mind," said Suzanne realizing that Rick was anything but discreet and that he
would tell the other women he was screwing at the Lexington Club that they were
having sex. Before long, everyone would know. Maybe it would even get back to
Tom.

  "Sorry, Suzanne, but you're too late for a change of plans. The Rickster's got
his horn on and you're elected to take care of it," said Rick as he reached out
and wrapped his hand around Suzanne's wrist and twisted it bringing her to her
knees between his legs.

   His other hand wrapped itself around her breast. It felt like a giant steel
pincher had encased her breast. Rick remained seated as he caused Suzanne to cry
out in pain.

  "Let me go. You're going to break my wrist. You're hurting my breast. I want
you to leave." Suzanne gasped through the pain of his vise like grip.

  "Time for that is past. Once Rick gets invited home for lunch it became
absolutely dead certain you are going to get fucked. That's what you wanted
anyway. Isn't it?" said Rick squeezing Suzanne's breast harder.

  "You're an animal. I thought you were nice."

  "Yea, nice, I'm not a nice guy and that's exactly what you want. Your husband
is a nice guy. But he's not giving you what you need to keep that thing between
your legs happy. So you invite me over for a sandwich and some of his fancy
beer. I know why I am here and so do you. Now pull your pants down and let's get
started. Otherwise I am going to stand up and lift you off the ground by your
tits. I don't think you want that. Then again, maybe you do. Maybe you want to
be slapped around a little so that later you can say I rapped you. We all need
an excuse to get those things we really want but know we shouldn't."

  "No, you don't have to slap me," answered Suzanne realizing that bruises would
be hard to explain to Tom. Rick let go oh her wrist. Suzanne reached down and
pushed her Spandex shorts down to her knees. Rick let her breast go. She stood
up and pushed her shorts down to her ankles and stepped out of them.

  "That's a good little whore. Now kneel back down. Guess what you're going to
get to do."

  Suzanne knelt down between Rick's thighs. She felt afraid but at the same time
excited.  Her wrist and breast still throbbed but wasn't that what she wanted
all along. Rick had been right. Being able to think she was rapped was part of
her plan.

  "Pull my shorts down," order Rick raising his hips off the couch.

  Suzanne hooked her fingers in the Spandex waistband and pulled them down and
toward her. Rick pulled his tee shirt over his head. She quickly pulled his
shorts down past his knees and maneuvered them over his cross trainers.

  "Take the shoes off while you're down there," said Rick taking his cock in
hand and stroking it.

  It took a few seconds for Suzanne to untie and remove the Addidas cross
trainers.  When she looked up, she found herself staring in wonder at Rick's
cock.

   "My God, it is a good ten inches," thought Suzanne.

  "Ten inches of dick, think you can handle it?" asked Rick.

  Suzanne felt herself getting wet. Tom's cock was a normal six inches and
nowhere near as thick.

  "I bet in spite of all your bullshit, you're wet already," said Rick as he
leaned forward and pushed his fingers between Suzanne's labia. Suzanne let out
two quick breaths the moment her sex came in contact with his large blunt
fingers.

  "Spread them wide. I want to see how tight you are," said Rick as he reached
his hand forward using his fingers to force Suzanne's labia apart. Rick found
her opening and slipped a large index finger into her vagina. The ease with
which his finger entered her informed her she was wet, very wet. Rick leaned
forward and pushed in further adding a second finger that forced the opening
even wider. Suzanne let out a low groan that was part pain, part pleasure. 
Suzanne thought, "He's not going to be gentle with me and that's what I want.
Open my hole and fuck me."

  "Surprise, You're not a virgin, just a horny stay-at-home mom looking for a
good fuck, a housewife with a very wet, tight pussy that needs to be stretched
out to accommodate the Rickster, " said Rick as he withdrew his finger and
brought it up to Suzanne's lips. It was covered with her juices.

  "Lick my finger. Show me how good you taste," said Rick as he pushed his
finger into Suzanne's mouth. She tasted her cunt on Rick's finger then sucked on
each finger like it was a cock.

  "Now, suck my cock. I got your dessert right her in my nuts." 

  Suzanne leaned forward and took the head of Rick's cock in her mouth. There
was a large drop of pre-cum balanced on the piss hole that her tongue flicked
off.

  "I got a lot more where that comes from. You ever let Tom drop his load on
that nice pink tongue of yours?"

  "Yes, but not recently."

  "I guess the marriage bed has lost its fascination. How long you been
married?"

  "Ten years," answered Suzanne taking her mouth off Rick's cock for a moment.
She rubbed the large head over her cheek as she licked the underside.

  "Ever hear the parable about the milk carton?"

  "No."

  "First year of marriage you put a penny in an empty milk carton ever time you
fuck. At the end of the first year, you take a penny out every time you fuck.
You'll never empty the milk carton. Is that what happened to you?"

  "Yea, we do it once a month. I want it more often." 

 "That's right. The Rickster knows what makes women like you tick. Underneath
all the bullshit about being a mother and wife, you're just a whore that's not
getting fucked enough. Reach down and play with yourself while you suck me."

  "He's right," thought Suzanne, "I need this. I've got to have it. I want him
to fuck me and use me."

  Suzanne was using one hand to stroke her clit and the other was wrapped around
the shaft of Rick's cock.

  "I've got to please him or he won't let me do this anymore," was the thought
that drove Suzanne to become desperate in her attempt to make Rick cum in her
mouth. Suzanne was taking it deep into her mouth pushing the head into the
opening of her throat then forcing it even further. She was frantic to feel it
wedge past the narrow opening of her throat. She kept gagging and choking
causing large mouthfuls of drool to spill out over her hand and Rick's cock. She
gagged so forcefully a number of times, she felt her stomach clench causing her
to worry she might vomit.

  Finally, her throat relaxed and the head slipped past her epiglottis. She felt
Rick give out a low moan. He was taking swallows of beer. He pulled her heard
off his cock, grabbed her blonde hair in his fist and looked directly into her
eyes.

  "Tell me, Suzanne, faithful wife and devoted mother, tell me what you really
want."

   "I want you to cum in my mouth and make me swallow it. I want you to fuck me
in every position. Fuck my ass too. Do whatever you want with me. Just treat me
like you do all the whores at the club," said Suzanne not believing that those
words came out of her mouth.

"Don't worry, Suzanne, I'm going to do all that and more."

  Suzanne licked and sucked Rick's cock. She put each of his hairy nuts in her
mouth and sucked gently on them. She licked up the underside of his cock, then
took the head in her mouth and slid her mouth down his pole until his cock
entered her throat. She had mastered her gag reflex so his cock slipped into her
throat for several inches.

  "Fancy that, a Lexington housewife that can deep throat like a Boston street
whore trying to make an extra fifty. I'm getting there, Suzanne, dessert is
about to be served."

  Suzanne's fingers were furiously rubbing her clitoris. She could taste more
pre-cum in her mouth. She squeezed her clit hard and started to climax. Rick
grabbed her head and pushed even more of his cock into her throat. Suzanne
breathed through her nose as he felt the onrush of Rick's orgasm.

  Suzanne sensed his balls clinching then the feeling and taste of warm cum
flooding her mouth. She cradled his semen on her tongue in an attempt to prolong
the pleasure of having a mouthful of cum. She concentrated on the salty taste,
the body temperature and the slippery texture to drive her into another orgasm.
She worked his piss hole in a desperate attempt to draw out more semen.

  Finally, he pulled her head off his cock and offered her a swallow of beer.

  "You're a better cock sucker than Faye or Irene. That's cause you're hungrier
for it. The first time I saw you I said there's a cunt who's desperate for
cock."

  Suzanne's thighs were wet. She wanted his cock inside her now. She started to
stroke it to get it hard again.

  "I want some ass play to get me hard again. Let's see how nasty you can get, "
said Rick as he turned over to where his knees were on the front of the couch
and his forearms were resting on the back. Suzanne was presented with Rick's
muscular butt right in her face. Rick spoke over his shoulder.

  "Spread my cheeks and rim me while you play with my cock." 

  Suzanne had never rimmed anyone before but she knew what it was. The porn she
and Tom watched often included male and female using their mouth on each other's
asshole. Suzanne had never imagined actually doing something like that. But at
the moment, she was committed to doing anything Rick asked.

  Suzanne pushed Rick's ass cheeks apart. There was his brown hole surrounded by
a ring of curly hairs. She leaned forward and licked his asshole. It smelled and
tasted faintly of shit. She started swirling her tongue all around his butt
hole. She placed her lips over his anus and used them to give it a pulsing wet
massage. Suzanne felt his sphincter relax. She pushed the tip of her tongue past
his anal ring. Suzanne tasted more shit and when she pulled her tongue back into
her mouth; she felt the gritty texture on her tongue. She swallowed the tiny bit
of shit then drove her tongue deeper into Rick's ass. This time her tongue came
away with a quarter size piece of turd that she hungrily swallowed.

  "Surprise, Suzanne is a shit eater, isn't she?" queried Rick.

  "Yes," was all Suzanne could muster as she forced her tongue inside it and
tongue fucked his ass. Her hands worked his cock and balls. His cock had gotten
hard.

  "Put your lips around my ass and suck it tight, form a seal and I'll give you
something to remember and cherish."

  Suzanne did as she was instructed. When her mouth had formed a tight suction
over Rick's asshole, she felt it open. A large, foul smelling and noisy fart
filled her lungs. She inhaled deeply like she did in college when Tom gave her a
drag off one of his hand rolled marijuana cigarettes. She held the fart in her
lungs until her body forced her to slowly exhale. As the fart ended, she felt
several small pieces of soft feces land in her mouth.

  "Got a little wet there at the end," commented Rick.

  Suzanne licked the specks of shit off the walls of her mouth and chewed it up
and swallowed it.

  "I knew you wouldn't have any limits once I got you going. Maybe one of these
days, you can lunch on one of the Rickster's jumbo turds, very low calorie and
definitely organic."

  Suzanne could not believe what she had just done with Rick. She and Tom had
never done anything anal. But she had just rimmed Rick, eaten his shit and
inhaled his fart.

  "Why," Suzanne asked herself and then she answered her own question, "Because
I'm absolutely desperate to please him. I'll do anything to debase and humiliate
myself if it makes him happy."

  "I'm going to eat that wet sloppy cunt of yours, get up here," said Rick
pulling Suzanne onto the couch seated as he slipped to his knees in front of
her.

  Rick grabbed Suzanne's ankles and forced them wide apart. He reached down and
took her clit between his teeth and sucked hard on it.  He sucked so hard it was
painful. But then again she wanted the pain.

  "Suzanne is a pain slut," said Rick as he clamped down on the tip of her clit
with his front teeth. The pain sent Suzanne over the top.

  "You want me to chew it off?" asked Rick.

  "No," responded Suzanne as she twisted her body.

  "But you still want some pain, right?" answered Rick as his teeth clinched on
Suzanne's clit and yanked hard in one direction and then another.

  "Yes, hurt me, fuck me, hurt me, make me scream," yelled a totally out of it
Suzanne. She climaxed for what seemed forever. When she stopped, she looked down
to see Rick's mouth licking all around her clit and vagina. All of a sudden, he
raised his arms straight toward the ceiling pulling Suzanne onto her back by her
ankles. Suzanne felt his mouth licking and probing her asshole. Then she felt a
finger slip past her anal ring and slide into her rectum.

  "Use that well-developed core strength to squeeze my finger," said Rick.

  "Oh fuck that feels good," whispered Suzanne as she applied pressure to the
finger probing her rectum.

  "Man, can you grip with your butt. You're all muscle in there. I'm going to
fuck your ass till it bleeds. Tell me how much you want it," said Rick.

  "Ram your cock in my asshole and I'll squeeze it with everything I got. But
fuck my pussy first. I need it inside my cunt."

  Even kneeling, Rick was at the right height to penetrate Suzanne.  He grabbed
his hard cock and positioned the cock head at Suzanne's opening. When she felt
his cock at the entrance of her vagina, Suzanne tried to scoot forward to get
more of it inside her. She whined and begged Rick to take her.

  "Please, Rick, I got to have it, push it in me, please, I need it, I'll do
anything you want just screw me."

  "I'm going in all the ways to my balls in one shove. It's going to hurt like
hell. You still want it, cunt?"

  "Yes, make me scream, I don't give a fuck."

  Suzanne felt Rick shift his position as he bent her legs back toward her chest
and he aimed his ramming pole almost straight down.

  "Next, I'm going to do your ass just like this. Get ready to see stars."

  "Give it to me, Rick, all of it, hard, fast and as deep as it will go."

  At that point, all 235 pounds of Rick slammed his thick ten-inch cock into
Suzanne's cunt. She felt it penetrate into her uterus and reach the opening of
her womb. The pain was blinding. It felt like someone had stuck a bayonet into
her vagina. She opened her mouth to scream but found Rick's hand closed over it.
A muffled scream was all that came out as Rick backed off and once more drove
his cock into her.

  The suction of the withdrawal made Suzanne feel like her insides were being
sucked out of her body. Suzanne felt the huge dick travel inside her only
stopping when it was deep within her. His balls slapped against her butt. 

  "Your cock is hurting me. I feel it in my womb," Suzanne whimpered, "You're
hurting me. Take it out for a minute."

  "No way, Suzanne, You wanted it and now you got it. I want it to hurt. When
you got a thick ten inches, you get used to whores begging you to take it out
but you never do it.  I want you to look forward to when I shove it up your
ass?" said Rick.

  Rick started mercilessly stroking into Suzanne. For the first twenty strokes,
it was a deep piercing agony that reached deep inside her female parts. Suzanne
felt like she had given herself to a mad doctor who was ripping her cervix,
uterus, and womb with crude blunt tools. At some point, the pain subsided and
the pleasure increased until it began to feel like the mind-bending fuck that
Suzanne fantasized.

   It was nothing like being fucked by Tom. Each time Rick thrust, it was a
sharp jab into her cunt as she felt every inch of the ten being forced up her
birth canal.  Then Suzanne realized it was beginning to feel much better than
good. She was so wet. She thrust her cunt upward to meet his downward stroke.

  "Yea, throw that ass up, Suzanne, just like a 50 peso Mexican whore," said
Rick

  Suzanne started to chant, "Fuck my pussy".  She grabbed her clitoris and
twisted it then stroked it as Rick fucked her.

  "Dog style, bitch" Rick said as he positioned her on all fours and resumed
pumping his cock into her.  Suzanne grunted each time it slammed into her.

  "I am your bitch, fuck me," said Suzanne.

  "This is the best fuck I've ever had," decided Suzanne as her entire being was
absorbed in the pleasure of feeling Rick's cock travel from the entrance to her
cunt to its deepest point then withdraw for another thrust. Suzanne's fingers
took her into a clitoral orgasm and Rick's cock stimulated her G-spot to achieve
her first-ever vaginal climax.  Suzanne thought her head would explode the
sensations were so intense.

  Finally, Rick climaxed. She felt his cum flooding into her cavity. She was out
of breath. Her hair was matted down with perspiration. She felt like it had been
one continuous orgasm from the moment he penetrated her. Even the pain was
delicious.

  Rick sat back up on the couch. "Get me another beer. What do you think your
husband would mind the most? Me drinking his beer or fucking his slut wife?"
asked Rick.

  Suzanne went to the kitchen and brought back another beer.

  "I bet the beer would bother him more," said Rick as he pushed the neck of the
bottle into Suzanne cunt, "Add some twat juice for flavor."

  Suzanne stood silently as Rick stuck the bottleneck in her vagina and pushed
it inside her. He twisted the bottle several times then removed it and took a
swallow. Suzanne sat down in Rick's lap, put her arms around him and kissed him.

  "Here, have a drink of German beer flavored with cunt," offered Rick.  Suzanne
took a swallow out of the bottle as Rick held it. He deliberately allowed a
little beer to land on her breasts.

  "There's a name for women like you," said Rick.

  "What is it?"

  "Pig slut, you're definitely a pig slut."

  "What's that mean?"

  "Girl who'll suck your cock, eat your shit, breathe your farts and beg you to
do it some more."

  "Pig Slut, Suzanne is a pig slut," Suzanne repeated it out loud somehow
wanting to be considered a depraved person capable of performing any sex act no
mater how debased or humiliating.

  "Well time to find out for sure. Get busy with your mouth. I plan to split
that pretty asshole of yours open like a rotten cantaloupe. "

  Suzanne started to suck Rick's cock. It was covered with his cum and her cunt
juice. She licked it clean then took the cock head in her mouth.

  "Pig Slut, I want you to swallow a squirt of piss just to prove to yourself
beyond any doubt that you're a pig slut. It also gives you a chance to see how
beer tastes after it's been through the Rickster. Get ready to swallow."

  "He is going to urinate in my mouth and he expecting me to swallow it,"
thought Suzanne. That's perverted and disgusting and the very thought of it
makes my cunt wetter than it already is.

  Suzanne felt a warm strong-tasting fluid stream into her mouth. It was the
first time she had ever tasted urine. She swallowed quickly to keep up with the
flow. In spite of the foul taste, she found her sense of perversion and sexual
desire overwhelming.

  "God how I love being degraded and debased by this animal. He treats me like
I'm less than human and I can't get enough of it," thought Suzanne. She
swallowed mouthful after mouthful as Rick slowly trickled a stream of warm
golden beer piss into her mouth. Suzanne allowed only a few drops to escape her
lips and fall on the carpet.

  "Guess it was more than a squirt. That German beer goes right through you,"
said Rick as Suzanne looked up from his hardening cock.

  "How was it, Pig Slut, did you like it when the Rickster fills your belly with
his piss." Rick reached down and felt her tight swollen abdomen. He pushed
against her stomach. "Tight as a fucking tick. Pain Slut's got a full belly of
beer piss."

  "Yes, Pig Slut loved it."

  "Pissing in a Pig Slut's mouth, get me hard and ready to butt fuck. Get up on
the couch on all fours resting on your elbows so your ass is pointed up. Spread
your cheeks apart and prepare to experience Rick's House of Pain."

  Suzanne quickly scrambled up on the couch with her rear facing Rick. She
reached back and parted her cheeks while Rick fingered her asshole. His other
hand grabbed her clitoris. Her butt hole was dry. She felt Rick reach over and
she glanced to her side to see him lift the bread off her unfinished sandwich.
She felt him wipe the bread across her asshole.

"Never used mayo before, feels nice and slick though," said Rick

  Suzanne felt his hand smearing mayonnaise on her butt. A finger entered her
rectum and went in a couple of inches. Suzanne sounded "ouch"



  "You've been butt fucked, haven't you?' asked Rick.

  "No, never" said Suzanne

  "Well, you're about to get the thrill of a lifetime. Not many girls get to
start out with ten inches in their shitter. I guess you're just plain lucky.
Play with your pussy, it'll relax you."

  Suzanne started to vigorously finger her cunt. She was terrified and excited
at the same time. Tom and she had talked about anal intercourse; but Tom was
really interested in Suzanne using a strap on dildo to fuck his ass. They had
never gotten drunk enough to horny enough to give either way a try.

  Suzanne felt a hard slap on her buttock. At the same instant, Rick stuck the
head of his cock inside her ass. That caused her to shudder in anticipation. She
sensed that her anal ring was stretched as never before.

  "That little butt ring of yours never had to deal with a turd as big as the
Rickster's dick. You may split wide open."

  "It feels so tight but I want it to hurt," said Suzanne as she pulled her
nipples and twisted them, hoping that the pain in her breasts would distract her
from the intense feeling of having her anus stretched to the breaking point.

  "Work that clit and relax. Every Pig Slut has to learn to love having her shit
packed. And I'm going to pack yours all the way back into that little belly of
yours. Your turds will be floating in my piss."

  Suzanne felt him adjust his body to change the angle.

  "My cock's just inside your hole. You got any last words as an anal virgin?"

  "Go ahead, make me scream," whispered Suzanne.

  "Sure, baby, I'm just going to slide it down the Hershey highway. Keep friggin
your cunt. You are about to join that large and select group of Lexington Club
housewives that the Rickster has ass fucked. You girls should all get together
for a luncheon," said Rick.

  Suzanne felt his cock slowly slide inside her bowels. She immediately felt a
major cramp as his cock straightened out a loop in her large intestine. The pain
came very close to causing her to black out. Suzanne took deep controlled
breaths to control the pain.

  "Could that be five count Pilate breath, I hear?" asked Rick referring to the
Pilate method of breath control.

  "Yes, the pain, it hurts so much. I feel my intestines moving around."

  "Yea, little Faye said she was constipated for a week after I butt fucked her
the first time. There's a lot of shit in you, Pig Slut. I can really feel my
cock pushing it along."

  In the first few seconds, all her muscles contracted to expel the enormous
meat bat that was sliding past her rectum. The pain was mind numbing. It was as
if her bowels were on fire.  

  "Irene said that taking the Rickster in the ass felt like someone poured
kerosene in her ass and lit it," said Rick.

  "My guts are on fire."

  "Oh, yea, you are tight. Pilate's girls give the best ass fuck. Use that core
strength to squeeze my cock, " said Rick as he administered a couple of hard
smacks to Suzanne's ass. The slaps were hard enough to make Suzanne let out a
scream. Her fists turned white as they gripped the back of the couch.

  "I'm not sure I can survive this," thought Suzanne.

  When Rick was in to the point where Suzanne felt his balls slap into her
thighs, he withdrew and plunged in again, this time faster and harder. Suzanne
grunted and moaned.  

  "How could anything hurt so much and yet I don't want him to stop?" wondered
Suzanne as she furiously worked her clit. Suzanne let out loud yelps as Rick
landed powerful slaps to her flanks. Her outer thighs felt like they were on
fire.

  When Rick withdrew, it felt like he was pulling her insides out. Suzanne was
stroking her clit in the same cadence as Rick was fucking her ass. Finally, the
pain began to subside and the pleasure increased. It was different from a
vaginal fuck. The inward stroke gave a deep sensation of pressure as her bowel
walls expanded and moved to accommodate Rick's cock. The outward stroke was all
suction as the bowel returned to its natural size. Deep inside her, Suzanne
swore that she could feel her shit moving back and forth as Rick's cock
alternatively shoved it forward and sucked it back.

 "God this is heaven" thought Suzanne, "I can feel my shit moving in my bowels."

  Rick was standing there fucking her butt. She felt his finger slide around her
butt hole; then he leaned forward to slip the digit into her mouth.

  "Ever taste your own shit, Suzanne?" asked Rick.

  The taste of his shit stained finger in her mouth sent Suzanne into the
deepest and most prolonged orgasm she had ever experienced. Her whole body shook
in a paroxysm that resembled the G-forces astronauts experience as the blast off
from earth.

  "I figured you for a shit eater. Seems like it was good for you, Suzanne. Now
feel me dump my load in your rectum," said Rick as he plunged home and shot
several streams of warm cum inside her bowel.

  Suzanne was savoring the aftermath of her orgasm as she felt Rick's cock
slowly softening and retreating from her ass. Her reverie was interrupted when
she heard Rick say,  "You guys took your sweet time getting here. I got the
little lady all loosened up."

  Suzanne was so relaxed that it took a moment for her to comprehend what was
happening. She was still on all fours with Rick's softening cock in her ass. Her
head turned quickly around to see two men whom she recognized from the club.

  "Suzanne, You've seen Ted and Tony. I invited them over to share the wealth,"
said Rick.

  "No," screamed Suzanne, "I didn't agree to that." Suzanne tried to raise us
but Rick grabbed her blonde ponytail and pulled it straight back as his other
hand pushed down into the center of her spine. She could not move an inch.

   "I afraid the Rickster's calling the shots Suzanne. You're just along for the
ride."

  Ted was a slightly smaller version of Rick but Tony was an Italian from
Revere. He was shorter, much stockier, and covered in dark curly hair. Both men
were quickly undressing. Ted was already stepping out of his Spandex shorts and
his erect cock was waving.

  "This is rape. I'm not giving my consent," said Suzanne.

  "Actually, its gang rape and your consent don't matter. Besides, you've
already let me in all three holes and that made you an adulterous slut. Fucking
Ted and Tony won't change that."

  "I thought it would just be us two," sobbed Suzanne.

  "What a nice romantic thought; however, that was your plan not mine.  The
three of us share you Lexington stay-at-home moms. In the long run, you'll agree
it's a good thing. Especially when we have our monthly party and bring everyone
together for a group grope."

   "You like it up your ass, Suzanne" asked Tony.

  "Please don't. I'm married with a son. Can't you respect that?" sobbed
Suzanne.

  "We're going to respect it just as much as you did," replied Ted. Both men
were now naked and stroking their cocks. 

  "Suzanne loves anal, even likes a little taste of shit. Here, you two guys
take over. I'll get everyone a beer," said Rick as he pulled his cock out of
Suzanne ass. Before Suzanne could move, Ted grabbed her hips and slipped his
hard cock into the very open ass hole that Rick's cock had just abandoned.

  "I'm going to drive the Hershey Highway then let you lick the shit, blood, and
cum off my dick," said Ted and he drove his cock into Suzanne. Suzanne grunted
as she felt her bowels once again responded to a blunt intruder.

  "Suck it," said Tony as he sat on the back of the couch and positioned his
cock against Suzanne's lips. When Ted shoved forward, she opened her mouth to
groan and Tony immediately slipped his cock between her lips.

  Suzanne's eyes were full of tears as she realized that there was no going back
now.  She could call the police and claim she had been rapped. But she would be
forced to admit that she had willingly invited Rick for lunch and if truth were
told engaged in consensual sex with him. What jury would want to hear that she
had agreed to one adultery but not the other two? Suzanne had performed enough
pro bono work with rape victims to know the difficulty of prosecuting cases here
there was at least partial consent.

  As she buried her nose in Tony's curly pubic hair and responded to the
rhythmic ass pounding she was getting from Ted, she pictured herself being
cross-examined.

  "Did you invite Rick Toliver to lunch at your home while your husband was away
on a business trip?"

  "Yes."

  "Did you intend to have sexual intercourse with him?"

  "Yes."

  "Including oral and anal?"

  "Yes, whatever he wanted."

  "Did you have an orgasm when you and Mr. Toliver were engaged in anal sex?"

  "Yes."

  "So sex with Mr. Toliver was more than just consensual. You enjoyed it enough
to achieve an orgasm while Mr. Toliver was engaged in anal intercourse."

  "Yes."

  "Had you ever had anal sex with anyone before Mr. Toliver, your husband for
example?"

  "No."

  "And you want the jury to believe that while you were perfectly willing to
engage in an adulterous liaison with Mr. Toliver that when Mr. Rose and Mr.
Testa arrived, that you were gang rapped and that you had not agreed as the
defendants allege that they arrived late for the group sex party that you had
pre-arranged with the three of them?"

  Suzanne was trapped. She shrugged her shoulders and resigned herself to her
fate.

  "I might as well enjoy the sex as long as I can," decided Suzanne as she
relaxed and went to work on Tony's cock.

  "Now, you getting into it. Look at her, Ted she loves it. Rick said you would
be a winner," said Tony.

  "Nice tight ass, too, squeeze my cock Suzanne just to show how much you like
your butt fucked," said Ted.

    Being gang rapped was the depth of humiliation and there was not a damn
thing Suzanne could do about it.

  She wanted to scream and shout but realized that was useless. All three of
them were going to use her. They would brag about it to others. Men at the club
would know she was available and start hitting on her. Her female friends would
keep their distance and worry if their husbands spoke to her at community
functions. Some of the mothers might not want their children to play with Jason.
Ultimately Tom would find out and divorce her.

  In a single afternoon, she had become a whore and soon to be outcast.
Secretly, maybe that was what she had wanted all along. She was sick of her
quiet suburb filled with soccer moms. She needed excitement and danger in her
life.

  "You like double penetration?" asked Tony.

  "Sure, why not," responded Suzanne taking her mouth off Tony's cock
momentarily.

  "Let's do a reverse cow girl," said Ted taking his cock out of Suzanne's well
fucked bed. Suzanne felt a trickle of something wet seep out of her asshole.
Suzanne knew from watching porn with Tom what the reverse cowgirl position
entailed. She straddled a seated Tony and helped him guide his cock into her
asshole. She leaned back onto Tony as she reached forward to guide Ted's cock
into her cunt.

  "Reverse cowgirl, my favorite," said Rick arriving from the kitchen with three
open beers held in one hand. He handed a beer to Tony and Ted who took a swallow
as they continued to fuck Suzanne.

  "Put it in her mouth so we got triple penetration. Suzanne wants to be
tripled, don't you," asked Ted.

  "Yea, three cocks in me, sounds hot," said Suzanne as she worked her ass up
and down on Tony's cock as Ted pounded into her pussy. The depraved feeling of
having a cock in both holes was about to send Suzanne into another climax.

  "Here, suck on this," said Rick as he stood on the couch straddling Suzanne.
She opened her mouth and took in all Rick's cock. The feeling of being filled
with man meat in all three orifices was new and exciting to Suzanne. She had
never conceived this sort of thing would happen to her.

  Suzanne spent the next two hours fucking the three body builders in all
positions in all her available holes. There was even a point where they had her
propped up on her shoulders with her butt pointed directly toward the ceiling.
They put two cocks in her cunt and one in her ass hole and fucked her like that
till all three splattered cum over her face and tits.

  At then end, they took her into the oversized shower stall of the master bath.
They made her kneel down in the center of the shower as the three men pissed in
her mouth. She swallowed all she could.  They only left when she told them she
had to pick up Jason after school.

  "We'll arrange another session next week at Ted's condo," was Rick's last
words to her when they left.

  "Sounds like fun," was Suzanne's response. It was a response that amazed her
but nonetheless represented her true feelings. She wanted to fuck the three men
again and soon.

  Weeks later, Suzanne was on the tiled floor in the club's handicapped
restroom. The handicapped restroom was a unisex facility located away from the
locker rooms. It had a lock on the door. She was down on all fours. Her face was
practically in the commode. Thank God, she had a towel under her knees. Rick was
fucking her dog style.

  Suzanne moaned ever time Rick stroked it deep inside her pussy. "Oh Jesus, can
he fuck" thought Suzanne. Each stroke flooded her body with pleasure. His long
arms reached under her and his hard hands grabbed her tits in a vise like grip.

  Suzanne groaned as Rick slipped a finger in her rectum and twisted it. In the
weeks since asking Rick to lunch, she had become a weekly attendee at the sex
parties that Ted hosted in his condo over by the lake. Suzanne had engaged in
her first acts of lesbian sex having munched the rug of Faye, Irene, and Serena.
Suzanne discovered she liked lesbian sex. After smoking a joint, the four of
them had gone at each other with mouths and dildo's until they guys got too
excited to remain watching and joined in. Besides Rick, Ted, and Tony, there
were a half dozen other men there and the sex had been terrific. Suzanne had
discovered that she loved to be gang banged and the more cock the better it was.

  Word had gotten around the Lexington Gym that Suzanne had joined that select
group of females fucking Rick and his friends. A very good looking physical
trainer named Gary, that also taught Spin on Wednesday had gotten friendly with
Suzanne. She planned to invite him over for lunch.

  Last weekend, Suzanne had used a strap-on to fuck Tom in the ass. Friday
before, she drove over to an adult retail store on Route One and purchased a
harness, a ten-inch latex cock with the proper fitting and a large bottle of
Probe. On Sunday afternoon, Jason left for a schoolmate's birthday party.
Suzanne told Tom she had a surprise for him. Then she led him upstairs and gave
him exactly what he had been asking for the last few months.

  Suzanne wasn't gentle with Tom. She applied the lubricant then worked his butt
open with her fingers. She sunk the latex cock all the way to the rubber balls
in one swift stroke. He whimpered and whined for her to take it out but she
grabbed his waist and humped away as he moaned.  She wanked his cock as she
fucked his ass till he came in her hand. She made him watch her lick the palm
full of cum into her mouth and then she kissed him and spat the cum in his
mouth. Tom claimed it was the greatest sex of their married life.

   Tom asked her why she had changed her mind about the strap-on. Suzanne lied
that she had read an article in one of the women's magazines at the club how
wives should be more responsive to their husband's little quirks. Tom wanted to
know the name of the magazine so he could get her a subscription.  Suzanne told
Tom she's couldn't remember.

   Suzanne decided the best way to protect her marriage was to make adultery
commonplace even for Tom. Faye Lacoste told her that there was a very active
wife-swapping club in Concord. One night, Suzanne inserted a DVD titled "Debbie
Wife Swaps in Dallas." After, she and Tom had watched and masturbated, she
decided to take a chance and broach the subject.

  "One of the girls at the club said there was a swap club in Concord."

  "Really, I hope they're not called the Minuteman."

  "No, silly, its Concord Adult Couples, they have a private party in one of the
members houses once a month. She and her husband go."

  "And they swap?"

  "Well, that's what the club's all about."

  "To be honest, although I know you'd never go for it. I find the idea has a
certain appeal."

  "Who says I'd never go for it. Our sex life needs a boost. The idea of
watching you with another woman turns me on," said Suzanne as she placed her
hand on Tom's cock.

  "You mean it, really?'

  "Yes, Faye and Bill Lacoste said they'd sponsor us for members. You've met
Faye. She's a real petite Italian girl with a big bust. Her son, Mark, is in
Jason's class." Suzanne kept stroking Tom's cock.

  "And you wouldn't have a screaming fit if I screwed Mark's mother while you
watched?"

  "Not as long as you wouldn't mind me doing the same with Mark's dad?"

  "If you're really serious and this isn't a joke, I agree our sex life needs
more than a boost. It needs life support. Doing a little swapping sounds great.
But if this is a joke or you're just testing me, I'll deny everything I just
said even under oath and threat of a long sentence for perjury."

  "Next swap party is on the twelfth. I checked your calendar you're open."




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Harry Berg


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





