BDSM Library - Surviver




Surviver
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This is a story with 10 D&S couples competing for the million, with 7 back stories introducing the cast, followed by 13 episodes of the show done something like shooting scripts.
Surviver:
Notes from the Dino Pen, on the making of Surviver. 


DISCLAIMER:    All characters in this story are fictitious. This story
               borrows it's theme from the Survivor TV production, but
               is in no way connected with the show, with Castaway
               Productions, Survivor Inc, or the Columbia Broadcasting
               System (CBS).

               This is entirely a work of fiction and is intended for a
               mature audience. Viewer discretion advised, some scenes
               contain strong sexual content.


COPYRIGHT:     Dino Dave retains all rights to this work. This story
               may be downloaded and copied and freely posted or re-
               posted, in whole or in part, on free access newsgroups
               and websites. This story may NOT be posted on any pay
               per view web sites, unless you're willing to cut me in
               on the take. And if anyone wants to make a movie or a TV
               show from this story, drop me a line. We'll talk :)


THANKS TO:     This story could not have been written without the help
               of Leviticus. For his offering up the character of the
               Major, for his coming up with so many of the great and
               wacky challenges, and for his reading my rough text and
               making countless suggestions for changes and putting up
               with my whining and arguing about said changes, I offer
               my most sincere thanks.


SURVIVER /     Throughout this work, I have chosen an alternative
SURVIVOR       spelling of Survivor to differentiate this work of
               fiction, from the actual television show, Survivor. I
               would simply prefer not to receive any tersely worded 
               E-mails from CBS lawyers, unless they're to tell me how
               much they liked the story.


THE MAKING     I got the idea to do this story from the original
OF SURVIVER:   Survivor TV show that aired in the Summer of 2000. That
               first series, on the island, with Rich and Rudy, Sue and
               Kelly and the rest. For me, the magic of that series was
               the island. That tropical paradise where the weather's
               always warm, the ocean water is warm, and it only rains
               for a while and then gets sunny again. Well, they did
               have a few days of solid rain, but it's a warm rain.
               Right? Not snow, at least.

               It's taken me over a year to write this thing. Over a
               year to write the text and put it all together into a
               coherent story. I began with the idea of some dom and
               sub couples, stuck on an island and competing in kinky
               challenges. And of course, the subs had to be chained in
               some way for the whole time.

               The intro story for Colleen and John came first. Within
               that piece, grew the announcement for a fictitious
               contest that would have been posted in D&S Newsgroups
               and websites and maybe in adult magazines. Colleen and
               John, then Brandi and Marsha. I made a start on the
               intro for Sam and Trish, but it was Summertime and
               vacation time, so I took a short break from the project.

               I began to get a sense of the real scope of this
               project. I began to realize just how much work would be
               involved. I took a camping trip with the wife on the
               week the final Survivor episode aired. (I'd set the VCR
               before we left.) The newspaper headline the day after it
               aired: The Snake Wins! Rich, the guy everyone loved to
               hate, walked off the island with a million bucks.

               I started writing another short story to clear my mind
               of, or for, Surviver. I took another camping trip in the
               fall, by myself this time. A chance to unwind and get my
               thoughts in order. I finished off my other story, but
               all the while, Surviver was rolling around in the back
               of my mind. Gathering steam.

               About that time I must have mentioned the project to
               Leviticus. I'd come up with three challenge ideas for
               the shows, all three of which sucked. I wanted to do 13
               episodes, just like a real TV series, and with two
               challenges per episode I'd need 26 ever more wild ideas.
               Leviticus sent me a couple of pages of challenges, and
               then came up with more as the episodes progressed. I
               ended up using almost all of his ideas, plus added a few
               of my own.

               In January of this year I began writing episodes in
               earnest. Soon after I began, Survivor II went to air. I
               worried that people might think that I was watching
               those shows and then writing my episodes by simply
               taking their ideas, making them kinky, and putting them
               into Surviver. What I found, seemed like the opposite.

               In my first episode I had my group discover how to start
               a fire by using a bow drill. Low and behold, on the
               first episode of Survivor II, the two tribes try using a
               bow to start their fires.

               I didn't want my gang to starve, so I had the show's
               producers turn loose a few wild pigs on the island. In
               my episode 3, the Major gets one. Episode 3, I believe,
               of Survivor II, aired two weeks after I'd written my
               episode. Michael captures and kills a wild pig.

               One of my challenges had groups of challengers roped
               together at the waist. A week after I wrote that bit,
               I'm watching the teams of Survivor II running a race,
               yes, roped together at the waist. Hooray! Bondage on
               National TV!

               So while it may look like I simply stole ideas from the
               original shows, in fact, I didn't. Honest. Although I do
               thank them for the Survivor idea.


               Anyway, enjoy the Show. If you feel you'd like to write
               to me, I remain:

               Dino Dave.                     dino@canoemail.com








Home Showcase Presents
Surviver (sp.)
A Story By Dino.    (c)dino. 2001.

Twenty people, ten dominant - submissive couples, stranded on a tiny south seas
island for forty days. Every three days the couples will have to compete in two
challenges for rewards and points. In the end, one of these couples will walk
away with the grand prize of One Million Dollars.
 
The Cast: See who made it through the torturous audition process.  Meet the
contestants and see some of their stories.
The Shows: Here you will see the shows, uncut and unedited.
The Making of Surviver: Disclamer, and some notes on how the show was created.
 
 
Brought to you by Home Showcase, the cable network that also brought you Slave
Betty's Household Tips, Are You My Master?, When to Submit, and the new fall
comedy Friends in Chains.
And by these sponsors:   Mermaid Seas, Latex Warehouse, Dungeon Inn & Suites,
and many more.




SURVIVER: Cast list.
Meet the ten couples chosen to compete on Surviver. Seven of the couples have introductory 
stories linked through their names. 

COLLEEN AND JOHN: Colleen is 25, John is 27. They live in Florida and
Colleen works as a legal secretary, John as a tour guide.

BRANDI AND MARSHA: From Ohio, both 26 years old. Brandi works as a
graphic designer and Marsha is a librarian.

MARK AND NADINE: Mark is an investment counsellor from New York and
Nadine is an elementary school teacher. They're both 43 years old.

SAM AND TRISH: From Pennsylvania, Sam is 38, Trish, 32. They're factory
workers in the automotive industry.

PETER AND SUE: Peter is 39, Sue, 31. Peter owns his own home renovation
business and Sue works for him. They live in Illinois.

MAX AND SIERRA: Max is a software designer from California. Sierra
works for the county hospital. Max is 26, Sierra, 28.

EDDIE AND RUSTY: Eddie runs a business doing custom wrought iron work
in the San Francisco area. Rusty is a homemaker. Eddie is 39, Rusty, 27

EDGAR AND JUDITH Edgar is 35 and works as a technical writer.
Judith, 31, is a social worker. They're from Arkansas.

THE MAJOR AND JANE: Retired Marine Major, Edwin Kilpatrick and his
housekeeper, Jane, are from Texas. The Major is 53, Jane, 25.

LISA AND MYKA: Lisa is a bartender and they live in Wyoming. Myka works
as an exotic dancer. Lisa is 24, Myka, 22.
Production:

Host:                     KENT BROCKMAN

Challenge Designer:       BRENT HASTINGS

Disciplinarian:           MISS KATE

Producer:                 DINO DAVE

Production Assistant:     LEVITICUS


      A Home Showcase Production.
 (c) Home Showcase, Dino Productions. 2001




Colleen and John: 

I sit on the floor underneath mistress' desk, massaging the feet she
has placed upon my lap. Mistress has such lovely soft feet. I raise her
leg slightly, then, bending down, I plant tiny kisses on each of her
sweet little toes.

Mistress is online, chatting with a few of her friends.

    What contest?

     Check it out! Home Showcase is running it and 1'st prize
	     is 1 mill $. www.homeshow.com/surviver/

    Interesting. I'll catch you guys later.

Mistress' online name is missred on account of her luscious flowing red
hair which she often skillfully tortures me with, knowing how it turns
me on so. I feel her shift forward to handle the mouse and I hear the
clicks as she switches programs. She leans back in her chair, idly
stroking my hard cock with one foot as I pay homage to her other.

Mistress rocks forwards in her chair as she reads something she has
found interesting. Her foot painfully presses my balls against the
floor. I am sore there, since she had not allowed me to cum for five
days now. Yet I dare not show my discomfort and I continue in my
licking and sucking of her beautiful toes.

Her feet are suddenly pulled from me as she rolls her chair back.

"Slave!" she says. "Come look at this."

I move out from under her table to kneel beside her chair. I place my
hands upon her silky thighs, mindful not to let the handcuffs dig into
her skin. The shackles which are around my ankles press into me as I
settle my weight upon them, but I don't mind. I look up at the computer
screen.

	  TEN D/S COUPLES NEEDED FOR ENDURANCE TYPE CONTEST
		  FIRST PRIZE: ONE MILLION DOLLARS!

   Home Showcase is inviting Dominant / submissive couples to
   participate in a contest for an upcoming pay per view special to be
   broadcast in the near future.

   You and your submissive will join nine other couples on a small
   South Pacific island where you will face-off in challenges set up by
   the moderator of the event.

   The contest will span forty days, and during this time your
   submissive will be bound in inescapable bondage. Every three days
   challenges will be set up that you and your submissive will have to
   complete. Observers will judge the event, and points will be awarded
   for successful completion of the challenge, and for style.

   After twenty days, the five couples with the fewer number of points
   will be asked to leave the island. The remaining five couples will
   continue on in the competitions held during the remaining nineteen
   days. At the end, the couple with the most points shall be declared
   the winner.

   This contest is open to all dominance and submission couples,
   regardless of race or gender, however, preference will be given to
   couples who employ bondage in their lifestyle. Ten couples will be
   selected by the event organizers from those who apply. Please fill
   out the form below as honestly and as accurately as possible since
   any misrepresentations could result in disqualification.

Mistress would always get an evil, wicked, grin on her face whenever
she'd devise some exquisite form of torture for me. I stole a glance
at her, and found that same grin spread wide across her lips.

The rest of the page was a form to fill out with a section for mistress
and a section about me. As mistress began to type, a mixture of fear
and dread washed through me. She was going to enter us in this crazy
contest. I slid my hands upwards on her thigh to stroke the soft
insides, then more boldly, I inched a finger tentatively upwards to her
heavenly center.

Mistress was busy entering information on the entry form and she did
not react at first to my probing digit. As my finger found her soft
folds there, she parted her legs a little. I traced down the slit to
her two labia rings. When I touched them, she shifted slightly in the
chair and she opened to me. I felt her wetness beginning to grow. I
stroked a finger up, between her lips, to her little nubbin of flesh
most sensitive.

"Not now," she said, slapping at my hand. "Go make my tea, slave."

Sadly, I withdrew my hands from her, then stood up. Slowly, I left her
side. Taking short steps in my five inch hobble chain, the steel
shackles biting at my ankles with each step, I made my way towards the
kitchen to prepare my mistress' evening tea.

   __________________________________________________________








Brandi and Marsha: 

     NO WAY! you didn't really enter it?

    and why not? 1 mil $. bye bye crappy job!

     You think it's legit?

    home showcase? You know how much they made on that
	     Christmas special last year, Vermont Vixens?

     Ya, but forty days on some island? And red, it's not like
	     we'd be in control, it's the organizers that'll be calling
	     the shots.

    Hummm. that's true. but I'd still control slave, it's just
	     the scene that is set up for us.

Brandi Webber knew Colleen from back in high school. Although now
separated by distance, she and her submissive, kitten, living in Ohio,
and Colleen and John in Florida, they'd quite often get together for
vacations and such.

Kitten was lying behind her mistress, who was lying on the bed chatting
with Colleen on her laptop. Kitten's head was between her mistress'
legs, her tongue busy at her pussy, and she could also see the screen.
John might be chosen for the contest, she thought, to spend forty days
on a tiny island.

Kitten remembered that week in the Bahamas, that little cottage on the
beach that the two couples had shared. The night that she had spent on
the open beach with Colleen's slave John was one she'd never forget.
She'd been chained to him and to a heavy piece of driftwood for the
whole night.

She pushed her tongue deep into her mistress' slit, felt her mistress'
thighs clamp down against her ears as she gave a small shudder.

    It's 1 million dollars Brandi, think about it.

    besides, it could be a blast if we both get picked.

Brandi opened her legs to look down at her sweet kitten. Kitten looked
up with eyes wide, her mouth still firmly pressed against her mistress'
sweet pussy.

"Well kitten, should we try for it?"

Kitten sucked her mistress' clitty into her mouth to madly flick her
tongue over it. Brandi had her answer.

     Kitten says, YES!

    Cool!

     oh, oh, Ohhh. . . bye red.

   _________________________________________________________







Sam and Trish: 

Just back from a fabulous two months at their mountain cottage, Sam
sits at his computer to go through the mail. Trish is resting upstairs
since she'd had a rather rough time of it. Scrolling down the listing,
he sees a couple of messages from his buddy Peter. Sam clicks on these
first.

The cottage and the surrounding land had been in Sam's family for
generations. Situated in the mountanous area of central Pennsylvania,
the cottage was located in a sheltered valley and surrounded on three
sides by rugged hills. There was only one access road, disguised to
look like an overgrown driveway to a small property off the main road.

Indeed, the access road began as a driveway leading to a long abandoned
farm. However if you knew the path around the tumbledown barn and
rusted machinery, across the shallow stream and around the forest,
you'd find the access road that led to the valley. After a few very
rough miles, the road evened out for another ten miles to end up at the
cottage.

Sam thought himself to be a mountain man at heart. Since family had
either moved away or were now too old to bother with the cabin, Sam and
his wife Trish had become the guardians of the property. Seven thousand
acres it encompassed, though, "Mostly the sides of mountains", as his
grandfather use to say. While out hiking several years ago, Sam had
stumbled across "the cave".

In Peter's first message he tells about a contest being hosted by the
adult oriented cable network, Home Showcase. It seemed that they were
putting on a kind of Survivor take off where dominant and submissive
couples would vie for a million dollar prize.

"Ten couples," the quoted text read, "stranded on a south seas island,
left there to survive. Your submissive will be chained in inescapable
bondage during the forty days and competitions will determine the
eventual winner."

"Chained for forty days," snorted Sam. "Trish could do that standing on
her head."

Sam let his mind wander back over the previous two months.

The cave system he'd discovered several years ago had it's entrance
almost directly across the valley from the cottage. He'd trained a
telescope on it from the balcony, now that he knew where to look. From
the entrance, the cave went into the mountain some hundred yards and
then branched. The whole system of tunnels and caverns could be
navigated fairly easily and there were relatively few really dangerous
areas.

When Sam had first found the cave he'd explored inside a short ways.
The main tunnel branched and then branched again. Sam soon became dis-
oriented and he almost had a hard time in finding his way out again.

The next day, armed with lanterns, food, and spools of string, Sam
explored the cave system further. Three days later he emerged into the
sunlight, awed by the wonders he'd discovered deep within the mountain.
Over the course of that summer Sam visited the cave a few more times,
and eventually he'd mapped out all of the passageways and caverns that
he'd been able to squeeze himself into.

One chamber deep within the mountain's core was the size of a house
inside. Sam had slithered through a narrow, low passageway, inching
along on his belly through the solid rock to reach it. Emerging from
the claustrophobic siphon he stood up, then shone his torch around the
cavernous area. Quartz, embedded in the walls, twinkled.

Sam met Trish the following year at the Museum of Natural Sciences in
Boston. He was standing before an exhibit of photos from inside a cave
when he noticed a pretty girl standing next to him and trying not to
look like she was checking him out. "Are you interested in caving?"
he'd asked, and that was all it took. Over a lunch of hot dogs in a
nearby park, Sam told Trish about the family property and the cave he'd
discovered.

Trish was quite fascinated in hearing of the isolated nature of the
cabin in the valley, and of the cave system on the property. "It's
sometimes so nice to just get away from everything and everyone for a
while," she'd said.

What began as a chance meeting in a museum, blossomed into a heavy
romance. Sam took Trish up to his cottage a few months later.

Trish, it seemed, enjoyed being tied up as much as Sam liked tying her
up and the more helpless she was, the more she loved it. She came with
her own set of chains and locks, the keys to which she handed to Sam
that first day after arriving at his log cabin in the valley. After
they'd settled in, she asked him to chain her hands together.

Two short chains with links that were flat and fit close around each
wrist, one brass padlock to join the ends of the chains, and Trish was
right where she wanted to be. Miles from nowhere, hands chained in
front of her and at the mercy of someone else. Although she had worn
these chains many times before, almost every night in fact, having the
keys close at hand just wasn't the same as having them in the
possession of another person.

Trish's passions began to grow, reaching a peak when Sam told her he'd
stashed her keys someplace inside the cabin. That evening Trish brought
her ankle chains to Sam asking that he put them on her. Sam was more
than happy to oblige, and later on in the cozy bed came a night of
lovemaking that neither of them would soon forget.

Trish and Sam were married the following Spring, on the tenth of May.
She moved into his home in Belleville, which was about a two hour drive
from the cottage and the valley.

Early one summer's morning on a weekend at the cottage, Sam took Trish
across the valley to visit the caves. They'd packed a lunch and Trish
brought along her chains. She wanted Sam to chain her deep within the
cave, then leave her alone for a time. Helpless and alone. Sam took his
wife into the mountain, through twists and turns, to a narrow tunnel
that dead ended at a small chamber. There was barely enough room for
them both inside the rock tomb as Sam had Trish take off her clothes.
He then chained her wrists and her ankles closely together.

Trish stretched out on the cool stone floor of the chamber. She tested
her bonds. Her hands were chained close together in front of her and
her feet were similarly locked together, making walking almost
impossible.

Sam picked up his wife's clothing and then, taking the lantern, he
eased himself up into the tight opening and moved along the narrow
passageway. Trish saw the light get dimmer and dimmer inside her tiny
prison, winking out abruptly when Sam rounded a bend. Darkness
enveloped her like a thick shroud.

Sam had not gone very far when he sat down and extinguished the
lantern. Echoing from down the tunnel he heard his wife's trembling
moan as her sight was cut off. There was no other sound. Then he heard
a scrape of steel against rock, the tinkling of a chain. He smiled to
himself.

Trish tried to sit up, immediately bumping her head on the hard stone
roof of the tiny chamber. Using her outstretched hands she began to
blindly explore the confines of her tomb. The entranceway to her
chamber was above a rock ledge and in moments she became disoriented in
the inky blackness which closed in on her from all sides. Trish felt
along the walls around her but could not locate the way out. She also
knew that even if she had found the passageway, it was doubtful that
she'd be able to manage that first steep slope, chained as she was.

Trish's first orgasm, the first of many that day, took her completely
by surprise and had her writhing in ecstasy on the chamber floor,
moaning loudly in her need, and grinding her thighs tightly together.
She fought the steel chains that held her hands and feet as her cum
blasted through her body. Her mind filled with the vision of tones of
solid rock closing in from above and all around her.

Sam, sitting a mere thirty feet along the narrow passageway, heard his
wife's chains frantically rattling against the stone and listened to
her cries. She was not calling out in distress. Holding his small
flashlight directly over his watch, he flicked it briefly on and off to
charge the radium dial. Then he opened his eyes again to check the
time. Less than five minutes had passed since he'd left his wife alone
in her darkened tomb. They'd both agreed on her spending an hour alone
in the dark. It was going to be a long hour for her.

Trish opened her eyes and saw nothing. The only sound around her was
that of her laboured breathing which she began to get under control.
Once she'd calmed herself down, she began to explore the rock chamber
once more with her outstretched chained hands.

She found the rock ledge again and she raised herself up onto it.
Feeling above her head she discovered the edges of the passageway that
led out. When descending into the chamber they'd had to use hands and
feet to brace themselves against the smooth sides of the tight
passageway. Trish quickly found out that with her hands and her feet
chained together, there was no way to wedge herself in the sloping
tunnel and inch herself upwards at the same time. Although she could
get herself wedged up inside the passageway, each time she relaxed her
legs to scrabble her toes a few inches higher, she'd slide back down
into the chamber again. The rock walls were smooth against her bare
skin so she wasn't getting scratched up, but she wasn't making any sort
of progress either.

As Trish eased herself back down into her stone prison her legs folded
up beneath her and her pussy made contact with the edge of her right
foot. She brought her hands downward, brushing her arms against her
erect nipples, and that, combined with the pressure of her foot on her
clit, shot a bolt of pleasure throughout her body. She began to rock
herself, rubbing her nether regions against the edge of the foot under
her whilst stroking, then pinching and tugging on her nipples. She was
soon vocalizing her feelings about the whole situation she was in.

Sam peered at his watch and could barely make out the faint glow of the
minute hand. Seventeen minutes had passed. He smiled, then shifted
around a bit to gain better comfort. Trish's cries of passion echoed
around him.

Trish was now caught up in a seemingly endless series of powerful
orgasms which threatened to drive her mind over the brink. She eased
herself down with her back pressed against the stone floor and grabbed
hold of her ankle chain. She pulled up her foot to press the heel
tightly against her most sensitive spot while bucking her hips up and
down, frantically rubbing herself against her foot. Her bum made
squishing noises in the puddle of her juices that had gathered there
and her feet were getting soaked. Her cum peaked, and held, the force
of it nearly pushing her into unconsciousness before the intensity
began to wane.

Trish let go of the chain around her ankles, letting her feet slip away
from her clit to be replaced by her much more nimble fingers. Wildly
stroking herself, right there, she brought herself to a crashingly
powerful cum. Toes curled, wrists and ankles straining against the
unyielding chains that bound them, Trish lost herself in that sweet,
sweet place that she knew so well.

There had been lots of noise coming from the end of the passageway but
now things were silent once more. Too silent. Sam closed his eyes and
flicked his flashlight on and off against his watch, then looked at it.
Fifteen minutes left. Sam strained to hear, and then, the clink of a
chain, a soft moan. Then, nothing for long minutes.

Feeling for the Coleman lantern he readied it. Turning the valve to on,
he lit a match. The match flaired to brightness nearly blinding him
and as he held it under the lantern, the gas caught with a deafening
whoosh. Sam was blinded again by the intensity of the light as the
burning gas heated the mantle to incandescence.

Trish heard the scrape of the match and the hiss of the gas lantern.
Suddenly the passageway materialized before her as light flooded down
into her little rock chamber.

"Sam?" she called

"I'm here Trish. Had enough?"

Trish took a few breathes to steady herself. With a giggle she said,
"Yeah, I think so."


Last spring Sam and Trish both lost their jobs at the same time, since
they'd both worked at the same plant that was owned by one of those
multi-national companies. The handwriting had been on the washroom
walls for some time, and Sam had prepared for the day that they'd be
looking for new jobs. Though with the big plant closed down, work
became scarce in the small town they lived in so Sam and Trish
retreated to the little cabin in the valley for a couple months to
regroup. The extended holiday also meant that Trish could try something
that they'd both talked about since her time alone, back in the cave.

Sam had shown his wife most of the cave system by now and she'd
suggested that she would like to try something a bit longer term
sometime. Something on the lines of her being chained up somehow and
then left to find her own way out of the caves. With no light, only by
feel.

"How long a time frame are we thinking about here?" Sam had asked.

"Well," she'd said, "it takes three days to reach the deepest section.
I was thinking maybe I'd get left there and if I don't make it out in a
week or two, you come find me."

"There's some dangerous drop offs in there you know," Sam cautioned.

"Only the three deep ones. We could mark them in some way so I wouldn't
go there."

"You really want to do this, don't you." Sam already knew the answer.

"Yes, I do," Trish stated with an uneasy conviction.

A few days later, Sam set out alone to mark out the dangerous parts of
the cave. He carried coils of rope and a cordless drill. In his
backpack, along with food, water and lights, was a package of anchor
bolts. Four days later he returned to the cabin and Trish and they sat
together, going over the maps of the caves.

"I've fixed ropes across the tunnels leading to the drop offs," Sam
explained. "In the big cavern here," he pointed to a cavern with a path
around one side and a deep drop at the other, "there's two ropes. One
to follow the path and another at the edge. Now, what about your
bondage?"

Trish looked up from the map into her husband's dark brown eyes.
"Eight inch hobble and just the lock between my wrists," she stated.

Sam rolled his eyes. "You don't want to make it easy, do you." Again,
he knew the answer before she spoke it.

"No." Trish smiled to herself.

That night in bed, the two made torrid love together. Trish's passions
reached a fever pitch, driven by her thoughts of spending the next
several days chained and alone in the bowels of the big mountain just
outside their bedroom window. In the early mornings light, loaded down
with heavy backpacks, the couple set out to place the plan into action.

It was a lovely warm day and Trish walked barefoot, as she liked to do.
She wore a short cotton skirt with a plaid flannel shirt which she
removed after they'd gone but half ways to the cave. At the cave's
entrance, Sam pointed out the flag she was to raise when, and if, she
made it out of the cave.

"If I don't see that flag up after twelve days I'm coming to get you,"
Sam said. "If you find your way out before then, I'll see it and come
for you."

"Ok."

Trish left her clothing at the cave's entrance and Sam unloaded a few
water bottles and some food for her. He also told her that he'd leave
a set of keys to her locks there so she could free herself when she got
out. Along the way into the mountain, whenever the tunnels narrowed,
Sam left two more bottles of water for her and some packages of food.
Trish had food and water in her backpack, along with the chains and
locks she'd be wearing during her time in the caves.

Through caverns big and small, tunnels that went straight or twisted
and turned, dividing again and again, the couple made their way deeper
and deeper into the mountain. They'd stop to rest, have a quick bite to
eat, then press on. Time began to loose any meaning as the two walked,
or crawled at times through narrow passageways. They were just two tiny
people, moving through the big mountain in a pool of flickering light,
cast by the gas lantern that Sam carried.

The lantern would run out of fuel and plunge the couple into a darkness
so complete you'd think that the world had ended. Then, one of them
would find a flashlight and switch it on. Sam would fill the lantern
and light it up once more.

One time, while sitting in a big cavern eating, the light went out.

"Trish," Sam softly said into the pitch darkness. "You're never going
to find your way out of here not being able to see anything."

"You may be right," she mused. "You may be right."

"Do you still want to go through with this?"

"Samual, my darling. Yes, I do."

Sam switched on his flashlight. His wife's eyes sparkled in the gloom
and he knew. Something that he doubted he would have the courage to do,
she would treasure the memory of this time in the caves forever.

The two reached the mid point of their journey later that day, ending
in one of the larger caverns deep within the mountain. Sam and Trish
sat together on the floor in the center of the vast chamber and
listened to their heartbeats echoing back to them from the high vaulted
ceiling above. They held each other for a while; Trish steeling herself
with the warmth and the strength of her husband against the trial to
come. Then, it was time to begin.

Sam dug his wife's chains from her pack and began to lock them on her.
Her ankle chains went on first, a little tight against her skin to
prevent excessive rubbing, but not so tight as to be uncomfortable.
Comfortably tight. Fastened with two locks, joined together by the
eight inch long chain between.

The two chains around her slender wrists were next. Not so tight these,
but she would not be able to slip them off over her hands. The four end
links were all connected together with a single lock.

The only concession to clothing that Trish would agree to was a pair of
thin knee pads that Sam now buckled on her legs. She would have to do a
lot of crawling through the tight, low passageways. Much more than on
the way in, with her ankles now chained closely together.

Sam watched as Trish awkwardly struggled to get her backpack closed and
onto her back by reaching over her shoulders with both hands to catch
the straps, and then buckle them in front of her. The two stood up and
embraced each other tenderly. Sam brushed the hair from his wife's
face.

"I'm going to miss you, Trish," he said.

"I'll miss you too darling."

"No you won't," he said with mock seriousness.

Trish laughed, the echo rolling brightly around the cavern. She hugged
him tighter.

"Thank you, Sam. For giving this time to me."

Sam held his wife at arms length, his hands on her wrist chains. "Be
careful Trish," he told her. "You have enough food and water. If you
get into trouble, don't try and push yourself. Wait for me to come for
you. All right?"

"I will," she said. "And don't worry, I'll be alright."

Sam moved to lift his pack and the lantern from the floor. He turned to
Trish. She looked small to him in the empty expanse of the cavern. Like
a little, lost, chained girl. One who would soon be alone and blind,
feeling her way through miles of twisting and turning passageways.

Trish stood watching her husband watching her. She gave him a small
smile, hoping it didn't look too forced. But deep inside, she was
trembling with barely suppressed excitement. Ever since they'd begun
discussing her doing something like this, the idea of it had fueled her
fantasies. Now, here she was, about to be left alone. Chained and
helpless in the dark with miles of twisting paths to try and follow.
Trish felt her stomach flutter and her clit twitch. She moved her legs
closer together to hide the slick wetness that she felt was growing and
threatening to run down her leg. She smiled again and raised her hands
to wave at Sam.

Sam turned and crossed the chamber, pausing at the exit to glance back
at Trish. Then, mentally shaking his head in wonderment, he moved into
the tunnel and was gone.

It only took Sam a day and a half to reach the entrance to the caves.
There, he rigged a rope between two trees and hung the flag up. He tied
the flag to the trunk of one of the trees so Trish would only have to
pull on the rope to center the flag between them. The flag had
reflective tape on it so Sam would be able to see it at night by
shining a spotlight across the valley. Assuming Trish ever made it out
of the caverns on her own.

As he made his way down the mountain side and into the valley, Sam
wondered again why anyone would want to put themselves through what his
wife was now going through. He'd marked out the hazardous parts of the
caves with ropes, so he knew Trish wasn't in any real danger in there.
But to stumble around, chained hand and foot, in the dark, it really
didn't seem to make any sense. Yet, even on those times when he knew
Trish was having doubts about doing it, he'd seen that spark of life
burning brightly in her eyes and he knew that it was something that
she really wanted to try.

Sam got started the next day in painting the bedroom of the cottage.
That job occupied two days. Then he emptied out the big china cabinet
and separated the two halves. These he dragged out to the shed to begin
stripping off the many layers of paint. Once the old finish was removed
and the wood sanded down, Sam saw the beauty of the old wood shining
through. He stained the piece and varnished it and, when it was dry, he
hauled the parts back inside and assembled it again.

Each time Sam passed by the telescope in the front window, he'd stop
and look for the flag Trish would raise when she got out. Sam would
look perhaps twenty times a day and at night, he'd wake up, go to the
window, and switch on the powerful spotlight to search for the sign
that his wife had made it out Ok.

Days passed; five days, eight. Ten. Still no flag. Two more days and
he would go after her.

In bed that night, Sam heard a voice calling to him. A happy woman's
voice, whooping and hollering out in joy. "Damn teenagers from town,"
he thought. Sam sat bolt upright in bed and strained to hear. Grabbing
a robe, he ran to the cabin door and flung it open. He looked across
the valley to see a bonfire on the ledge before the cave.

"Whooo hawww!" the voice called out. It was Trish.

"Trish-aaa!" Sam called back across the dark.

"Sam! I made it!" the voice echoed back to him.

"Stay there, I'm coming!"

Sam hurriedly dressed and then grabbed a lantern and the pack he'd
prepared. Into the pack went a bottle of wine and some cheeses from
the fridge. Then he headed out into the darkness to see his beloved.

Trish was a sorry sight when Sam reached the rocky ledge outside the
cave. She was covered in bruises from head to toe and scraped up in
many places as well. She had nasty looking cuts on her forehead and her
hair was matted and crusty in places with dried blood.

Yet it was her eyes that told the true tale. They shone brightly with
an inner glow of life, spilling over.

Her face lit up when she saw Sam and she ran to him, her chains
tinkling brightly and still binding her hands and feet. Trish threw
herself against her husband and, dispite Sam's shock on seeing her
physical condition, he felt the inner fire of the vibrant life within
her.

"Did you have a nice time, my pet?" Sam asked, jokingly keeping his
voice even.

Trish couldn't answer. She clung tightly to him, trembling with
uncontrolled passions. Sam had thoughtfully brought along a blanket and
the two made hot wild love, right there on the rocky ledge by the
firelight. They drank the wine and ate the cheese with crackers while
watching dawn's light spill over the hills and into the valley. They
made love again, even more passionately than before. Then, sated
finally, Sam unlocked Trish's chains and led her back down through the
valley to their little cabin.

Three weeks later, Trish's bruised and wounded body all but healed,
they drove out of the mountains and back to their apartment in town.
Trish has never spoken of her experiences alone in the caves, and Sam
has not pressed for details. He knows that when she's ready, she will
tell him of her time alone in the dark caverns. But there is no denying
that the experience had etched a warm healthy glow upon her soul. Trish
now has a bit more spring in her step, and at times, for no real
reason, her lips will twist into a bright smile. A glowing calm will
envelope her as she reminisces on some aspect of her time alone in the
caves.

   Hey Sam:

Peter's second letter starts,

   I knew you wouldn't be back before the deadline for entering the
   contest so I filled out a form for you and Trish. Hope you don't
   mind. You can always say no if they call you. Sue and I have entered
   it. Might be fun.

   Hope you two had fun in the mountains. Tell me all about it
   sometime.

   Peter.


Sam clicked over to the Home Showcase website and followed the link for
the Surviver Contest. "Yes," Sam thought as he read, "it could be fun.
A million dollars would be nice too."

   _________________________________________________________





Peter and Sue: 

Peter and Sam were best buddies from High School. Peter was Sam's best
man when he'd married Trish, and Peter met Sue, Trish's best friend and
bridesmaid, at the wedding. That meeting, on that day of celebration,
grew into a friendship that was quickly followed by a romance and,
within the year, Peter and Susan were man and wife.

Master and slave, actually.

Sue promised, in the face of God, to cleave unto Peter. To love, honour
and obey him, and she sincerely meant every word of those vows. For Sue
was a submissive. Profoundly a counterpoint to Peter's dominant
character.

Peter was thirty six when he married Sue who was thirty one at the
time. Peter had lost his first wife four years before, a victim of a
stormy night and a drunk driver. His life took a downward spiral after
that and he wasn't even going to attend his friend's wedding, but Sam
had practically forced him to go.

During the rehearsal, the evening before, Sam had been introducing
Peter around to Trish's friends and he'd stopped in front of Susan.
Peter looked up into the girl's face, and their eyes locked briefly
before Sue looked down. The hook set deeply in Peter's heart.

Later that evening, after the details of the ceremony had been worked
out, Peter sat with Sue and the two talked for a while. Sam could see
that his friend had found a friend with similar interests, and he was
glad.

Peter closed his e-mail program and stood, then left the den to go down
the hall to their bedroom. At the door, he paused to drink in the sight
of his wife, Sue, laying across their big oak four poster bed. His eyes
followed the thick, red coloured ropes tied around each of the dark
wooden posts of the bed. They lay softly across the brightly coloured
hand stitched quilt and ended, tied snugly, around the wrists and
ankles of Sue who lay spread eagled upon the silky bed cover.

She was naked, with her long blond hair haloed around her head and
spread across the pillow in soft waves. Her smooth ivory skin
glistened, inviting a roaming hand, or the touch of stiff leather. A
hint of pale fuzz at her apex, modestly covering, hiding nothing. Her
arousal visible; sparkling dew at pouting lips and nipples stiffened,
ready. Peter caught the motion as her head turned slightly and she
gazed upon her Master as he stood motionless in the doorway. A small
smile lifted the corners of her mouth.

Softly he moved into the room to the side of the bed. Peter began to
undo his belt and unzip his jeans. He let them drop to the floor and he
stepped out of them, then pulled his tee shirt off over his head.
Sitting on the bed, he placed his hand upon Sue's taught little belly.
He felt her tremble at the contact. Tracing a finger lightly downward,
he parted the soft curls. Then below, he felt the tender folds of her
hot pussy. Sue's hips gave an involuntary twitch as she attempted to
increase the sensation of his touch.

Peter moved to lay himself upon his wife, to cover her with his six
foot one, well muscled frame. He was mindful not to press down too hard
on her, yet, he knew she loved it when he did. Sue stood five foot four
in bare feet and weighed 105 pounds soaking wet. Peter's weight pressed
her into the softness of the mattress causing the ropes binding her to
pull at her limbs.

Sue loved it when her man would cover her so completely. She tried to
bring her arms up and around him but the ropes held her fast. She
sighed a contented sigh, with her body enveloped in the strong flesh of
her master. His chest hairs prickled her nipples as he shifted slightly
on top of her. She pulled again at the ropes, strained to increase the
contact with his firm, warm skin. Then she relaxed into the feelings of
the tight confinement from her bonds, from the mattress pressing
against her back and from her master's solid weight pressing down from
above.

Peter moves himself downward a bit to plant kisses on her forehead,
between her eyes, and on the tip of her cute nose. Softly brushing her
lips with his, he moves downward, encircling her neck with kisses, then
down. Bending at the knees, he moves his head down to nuzzle the place
between her breasts. His hands on those firm mounds, nipples between
fingertips, he kneads the flesh of her two luscious globes. Then,
continuing his explorations, he crosses the plain of her firm, but oh,
so soft tummy.

Downward still, tiny kisses on his submissive's warm flesh, to that
place, those soft downy curls. To her center. Peter breathes deep of
her arousal and then dips his head and feasts. In only moments Sue
screams out his name as the orgasm that has been withheld for long
hours bursts forth, flooding his mouth and tongue with the bittersweet
nectar of her release. Again, he follows the frantic motion of her
hips, maintains contact with the tiny nubbin of nerve endings that is
Sue's clit, and drives her up, up, over the edge once more.

Sue's breath is coming in ragged gasps as Peter moves down to release
the ropes from her ankles. Gathering her twitching legs in his arms he
moves up again. On his knees, and raising her legs up, he touches her,
there, with his hard pole. Holding her feet up in the air, he uses his
other hand on himself to spread her wetness around, mixing her juices
with the pre cum leaking from his cock. Then, when everything is nice
and slippery, he plunges into her and fills her up with his stiff
thickness. Sue gasps, and it begins.

Peter inches forward on his knees to drive himself deeper into her.
Hands gripping her ankles, he holds her legs up, firmly. He feels the
ridges around them that the ropes have left. Then, his arms around her
thighs, he presses her legs to his chest and her heels against his neck
and he dips his head to nuzzle the soles of her tiny feet. All the
while pounding, driving into her with eight inches of solid meat.

Sue screams again, her peak taking hold. Peter bites down on the tough
skin on the sole of her left foot. Sue's cries of passion increase in
pitch as the pain floods her brain, pushing her peak to an even higher
level. Then, down she drops, shaking her head wildly and her hair flies
around. Peter slows his strokes and rubs the spot where he bit her with
his fingers to sooth away the pain. Sue opens her eyes and he sees them
shining brightly, two, deep, blue pools. He shifts an inch closer and
begins the slow, deep stroking with his cock that will begin the ending
of this lovemaking session.

Later on they lay together, coming down from the heart pounding rush.
Peter has released one of Sue's arms so that she can lay on top of him.
He holds her gently to him, possessively, in his strong arms. Softly,
he speaks.

"Sam and Trish are back from their cottage," he tells her. "Sam said
that Trish had an interesting experience in the caverns."

"Did they say anything about the surviver contest?" she asks.

"Sam said thanks for sending in their entry form. He said they could
sure use the money."

"It would be a blast if we both got chosen."

"Yes my sweet, that it would."

   ______________________________________________





Eddie and Rusty: 

As a teenager, Edward Tyler was a confused young man. Growing up in a
small town in the mid western United States in the late seventies, he
knew that there was something different about him, he just didn't know
what.

When his school buddies would get together over illicit beers to talk,
the talk invariably turned to girls. Who did what with whom, and how
many times. Eddie would listen for a while as his friends told about
getting a kiss, about getting to first base with a local girl, but he
would soon become bored. Girls and their sweet, ripe bodies, held
little interest for young Eddie.

Eddie's fantasies were filled with thoughts and ideas that seemed to
him to be just too far out of wack with society as he knew it. For it
was not the female form that held interest for him, it was other boys
that he lusted for. He would see his school mates naked in the locker
room at school, in the showers after gym class, and he'd have to try
very hard not to let his roving eyes make known the disturbingly carnal
thoughts that would fill his brain.

Edward knew he was different, but he felt sure that he was not the only
one who felt the way he did about being that way with another man.
Eddie heard talk of a sleazy book and magazine shop in town and he
located the store and passed by it several times over the course of a
few weeks. One day he summoned up the nerve and, trying to seem like he
knew what he was doing, he turned in off the sidewalk, pushed open the
door to the shop and stepped inside. No hideous monster bit off his
head, just a bored looking man at the counter who barely looked up from
his newspaper. Eddie moved to the rear of the shop, glancing at the
racks of magazines as he went.

Signs said "Adults Only" but Eddie knew he could pass for eighteen,
legal age in his State. Besides, his friends often sent him in to buy
beer and he'd never had any problems. The literature on the racks ran
from the general Playboy and Penthouse, right through to the strange
and bizarre. Things like "Equinox Equine", which seemed to be about
people dressed up as ponies. Bondage magazines, stuff about people
whipping each other, and things which young Eddie had no clue about
filled the racks. One picture caught his eye, that of two women
kissing. Lips locked, tongues together, bare breasts pressed together;
if girls could do it, why not two guys?

Eddie reached the end of one row, turned the corner, and there it was.
A big section of magazines and books, pictures of men on the covers in
various stages of dress or undress. Titles like "Hombre" or "Manline"
leapt out at him. Pretty boys and big hairy men, men dressed as women,
men in leather or tied up in bondage, it was all there. What Eddie only
suspected was true was now before him in full colour glossy. Nervously
glancing around him, Eddie dared to pick one of the magazines off the
rack and quickly thumb through it.

Some of the magazines were sealed up in plastic; the lewd pictures on
the front and back covers hinting at the treats within. The prices were
steep, but Eddie had been saving up for this little shopping trip for
some time. Eddie selected two magazines and a thin paperback book,
whimsically titled, "Young and Gay. Coming Out in Style", and turned to
face the music.

He had thought of stuffing the perverse literature under his jacket and
then walking out, rather than face the consequences of having the shop
keeper see the kind of things he was interested in. But Eddie, in
making the decision to venture into this store, had committed in his
mind that buying these things was the right thing to do. Whatever
happened at the cash counter, Eddie had at least determined that He Was
Not The Only One!

Half expecting to be arrested on the spot, Eddie watched the man ring
up his purchases like so many bags of chips, barely glancing at the
titles that screamed "I'm a Fag!", or at Eddie. Clutching a flat, brown
paper bag, Eddie hurried home.

Now, having gained the knowledge he so desperately needed, Eddie found
peace and an understanding within himself to accept that the way he was
wasn't so wrong. Different, yes, but not evil as he'd thought of
himself before. Eddie was able to accept himself for what he was, a
homosexual, and he finished off his last two years of High School with
good marks.

Through hard work he was able to attain above average marks in the
academic subjects like math and history, but where Eddie truly shone
was in shop class. Metal shop in particular. His guidance counsellor
recommended he go on to take courses in metal work at a community
college, so that's what he did.

During one summer, Eddie worked at a large farm with a blacksmith named
George McTavish. Eddie would watch with fascination as George would
shape a bar of red hot iron into a shoe for one of the horses using
simple, basic tools. Over the course of that summer, old George showed
Eddie all the tricks of the trade. At a fall fair, Eddie beat George in
a competition by forging a finished horseshoe a good thirty seconds
quicker than his mentor. In celebration, George and Eddie got roaring
drunk in the beer tent that hot, steamy Saturday night.

When you are gay, they say that your first gay experience is often the
sweetest. As it was for Eddie. George had never made a move on him
before but he would often see him looking at his young, firmly muscled
body when they were working in the shop, stripped half naked because of
the heat. And likewise, Eddie had often had thoughts about George upon
seeing his broad hairy chest, the muscles of his arms undulating as he
worked, his tight buttocks quivering with each blow of the hammer.

After they'd closed out the beer tent, rather than risk another DUI
conviction, George convinced Eddie that they should cut through some
fields to reach the farm and the bunkhouse.

So the pair set out walking, or staggering, across the fields under the
light of a harvest moon. The field was hay, freshly cut and piled in
neat rows, waiting for the bailing machine. George paused to pull out
his thick cock and take a piss. Eddie watched him. George watched Eddie
watching him take a piss.

"Ye cannie buy beer laddie," George slurred in his thick broque. "Ye
can only r-r-rent it."

An old joke, but Eddie laughed to cover his nervousness. George slumped
down upon a row of soft hay and preceded to tell the joke about the
girl finding a drunk man laying in the ditch. The one where she takes
the blue ribbon from her hair and ties it around the drunks exposed
penis. The one that ends with the drunk waking up in the morning,
seeing his cock with the ribbon tied on it, and saying, "I don't know
where you've been laddie but I see ye won first prize!"

Eddie hadn't been listening to the joke. He'd been watching George
stroking his cock with his hand while he was telling it. Eddie's mind
had been filled with watching George's manhood grow, swelling to the
touch of the man's hand and standing out proudly now. Eddie had an
obvious bulge in his trowsers too and George, seeing this, raised his
hand to Eddie, bidding the boy to lie down with him.

Eddie moved as in a dream towards where George sat on the pile of hay.
When the two men's hands touched it was like a circuit had closed and
an electric discharge flashed between them both. And Eddie had his
first gay experience that moonlit night.

"Go ahead and touch it boy," said George. "He'll no bite ye."

Tentatively, Eddie reached to touch the man's cock. George's big, thick,
hard, cock. Larger than his own, bigger around and a bit longer too.
With a finger, he stroked the length of it and felt the man's wiry
hairs tickling against his fingertips. George moved his hand and
brushed his knuckles against the painful bulge tenting Eddie's pants.

"Why don' ye take off they trousers, Son."

Eddie's hands automatically moved to his belt and unbuckled it. He did
not know where this was going to lead, but he was willing to find out.
From working with the big Scot all summer, he felt that he could trust
the man not to lead him to any harm. Eddie unzipped his fly and wiggled
out of the tight jeans. The straw underneath him tickled his bum and
legs.

When Eddie's cock leapt out, freed from the confines of his pants,
George let out a loud breath and exclaimed, "Oh my, that's a lovely bit
of young stuff." George reached out and wrapped his meaty hand around
Eddie's twitchy prick and gently squeezed. The feeling was electric,
and Eddie moaned softly.

Gently, George stroked the young man's hard cock with his hand. All the
while, his head was slowly moving closer to that prize piece of man
meat. When his face was inches away he opened his mouth, stuck out his
tongue, and touched Eddie's tiny slit. The drop of pre cum there tasted
sweeter to him than honey fresh from the hive. George moved closer and
took Eddie's cock into his mouth.

Eddie had known what the old Scot was going to do, was secretly hoping
for it. When the man's tongue touched him there, he threw back his head
and moaned with the intensity of the sensations coursing throughout his
young body. Eddie felt his manhood being slowly engulfed in the warmth
of the other man's mouth. In mere moments he felt his cum begin to
boil. He mumbled a warning to George, who moved his head in
affirmation, and took his full length into his mouth and partially down
into his throat. Feeling the head of his cock lodged firmly in the
man's throat, Eddie lost his meager grip on control and began spurting
his cum into George's mouth.

George held the boy gently in his strong arms while he recovered from
the powerful release. He kissed the boy's head and smelled the scent of
the young man's hair. George thought back to days past when he had been
a young man, and the times that he'd had. He felt the boy stir in his
arms. George's cock was still hanging out from his open jeans and he
felt the boy's fingers upon it, felt it come to life again. He felt
Eddie's head dipping lower and he softly stroked the boy's hair.
Eddie's tongue touched his prick and he felt it twitch and grow in
response. The boy took it into his mouth and swirled his tongue around
it and, for a little while, George could forget about past
opportunities missed, and past loves lost.

Eddie and George spent the night sleeping in the straw on that open
field. The next morning they made their way back to the deserted fair
grounds, and found the pickup truck standing in the empty parking area.
They drove back to the farm.

Eddie's next year at college passed quickly, since working with George
in his blacksmith shop had given him a direction to the kind of work he
wanted to do. Also, that last night he'd spent with George in the hay
field had opened the door for him and allowed him to embrace his own
sexuality. Eddie preferred men to women, of that there was no doubt.

Eddie studied metallurgy and metal working techniques, and the next
year he left his home town to move to San Francisco, a city where he'd
heard there was a large and open gay population.

A week after arriving in that vibrant city, Eddie had a small apartment
and a job working in a shop that did custom metal work. The shop did
machining of parts to order and also did wrought iron work. Railings
and fences, gates, wall brackets and intricate decorative items. Eddie
found his niche in that area of the shop, working alongside an Italian
craftsman named Vinchenzo. Vince for short.

Eddie loved the way Vince could, seemingly effortlessly, work pieces of
iron rod into ornate shapes and craft stunningly beautiful pieces for
their customers. Working from rough sketches, or sometimes going out to
the customers opulent houses and Vince making his own drawings from
what the customer had in mind, Eddie and Vince would transform the
ideas into a solid reality.

Working under the Italian's direction, Eddie honed his skills in
forming the metal into what was required. Vince had the skills to work
the metal and Eddie also envied the man's artistic talents as well. The
man could picture something in his mind and then turn it into reality.
This was a talent that Eddie decided he'd learn during the following
years, by taking art courses in the evenings.

Eddie worked and studied hard for the next four years and then took out
a loan to start up his own business doing the work he loved, custom
metal work. His timing was fortunate since there was a resurgence going
on in the city then. People with too much money to spend were buying up
buildings and houses in the older parts of town and fixing them up.
Eddie's business grew and grew until he had to hire other craftsmen to
handle his increasing workload.

And during all this time, Eddie grew more comfortable in his sexuality.
From chance meetings in the many gay bars and clubs in town, Eddie
found friends, others, who were just like him. Men who preferred the
company of other men. Often it was just casual sex in an alley or in a
car, sometimes at a party in someone's home. Eddie would take a lover
for a week, or a month, or sometimes for longer. Over time, Eddie
developed an understanding of what he was and what it was that he
wanted. Eddie discovered the world of domination and submission.

An elderly man came to his shop one day with what seemed to Eddie to be
a rather unusual request. The fellow, who's name was Bill, and Eddie
immediately recognised as being gay, wanted an iron collar made for what
he referred to as his slave.

"I'd like something like a flat band of steel," Bill had casually told
him as if discussing a part for a car, "perhaps an inch wide. Could you
have it chrome plated and then welded on around his neck? I'd like to
not be able to see any seam or hinge or locking device. I want just a
simple plain band of solid metal. Could you do something like that for
me?"

Eddie was quite taken aback at first. "Welded? Around his neck? You
must be joking!"

"No, I'm quite serious. I don't care how much it would cost. Money is
no object. Can you do it?" asked Bill.

Eddie knew about bondage and this collar was obviously something to do
with that. He looked at Bill, looked into the man's eyes, and he saw
that he was really serious about this. Eddie began thinking, not in
terms of welding something permanently onto another person, but as it
being simply another job.

"I couldn't weld something that was chromed," he said, "the plating
would burn off. And that sort of heat next to someone's skin. . . ."

"Rusty won't object to a bit of pain, I assure you."

"Rusty?"

"Yes. I named him Rusty because he's worn a heavy steel chain around
his neck for the past twelve years.

"You named him. . . ?"

"That's right," said Bill with a touch of impatience in his voice.
"Rusty is a submissive by nature. I am a Dominant. Rusty has given
himself freely to me, mind, body and soul, to be under my complete
control. He has given me ownership of himself to do with as I see fit.
And I wish to replace his rusty chain with something more, what,
ascetically pleasing to the eye? Now, can you do it or not?"

Eddie suddenly found himself taking the subordinate role with the man,
and not just because of his age, or that he was a customer, but because
of the unseen power that he seemed to command.

"Sir," Eddie began, "I have obviously never attempted something like
you are asking. However, I think it may be possible. Having the. . .
the collar plated first won't work. Any welding would then ruin the
finish." Eddie thought for a moment. "What about silver? A solid strip
of silver."

"It has to be thick, and heavy. Something solid, you know?"

Eddie was beginning to picture it. "Something permanent, yes. A plain
band, or do you wish some sort of design on it. Some sort of carving
perhaps?"

"Carving?" Bill thought for a moment. "Yes, that's an excellent idea."

"All right then," said Eddie, "let me make a few calls to find out what
types of materials I can get and I'll call you in a day or two. I'll
sketch out some ideas and do some tests on welding something without
burning up something underneath, and if all goes well, I can make you a
collar for your sla. . . for your slave."

Christ, thought Eddie, what am I getting into here?

After Bill had left, Eddie called around and found a place that stocked
silver bar in sizes that would make a good collar for a man. He found
out that silver melts at temperatures considerably lower than steel
which would make welding it somewhat easier, since it would be around
someone's neck when he did it. Thinking about this "Rusty" fellow,
Eddie tossed and turned in bed, well into the night. When sleep finally
came, he had one hell of a wild dream.

Eddie worked as a blacksmith in olden times. One day, a heavy wagon
pulled by four big horses drew up in front of his shop and stopped.
Two solders got out and dragged a slim young man out from the back of
the wagon. The man, perhaps twenty three, naked and scared looking, was
pushed roughly into Eddie's blacksmith shop. He had on standard issue
prisoner chains and shackles on his hands and feet - heavy iron chains
and shackles that appeared to be tight and very uncomfortable. There,
before the forge, the man was shoved down to his knees.

"The King wants the full set on this piece of Shit!" one of the guards
bellowed.

"Right," said Eddie.

One of the soldiers left, presumably to visit the saloon, while the
other big man sat down against the wall near the doorway to guard
against the prisoner escaping before his new chains were fitted. Eddie
got to work.

He selected some steel bars and began cutting them to size. Working
swiftly, from years of experience, he lay the bars in the coals of the
forge and then pumped the bellows, making the fire roar. When the iron
was white hot, one at a time, Eddie moved each piece to the anvil to
pound and shape the bars into rings. One large one, two smaller ones
and two that were smaller still. Thin rod was shaped into loops and
then staked and welded onto the shackles, the hammer blows sending
showers of sparks over the young man cowering, chained, beside the hot
furnace.

Eddie forged the five shackles into open C shapes, ready for the
prisoner. By the time he was done, the other soldier had returned from
his lunch looking much happier now, with his belly full of food and
drink. Together, the two men pulled the younger man to his feet and
began unlocking their chains from his wrists and ankles. Then the
prisoner was dragged over to the anvil.

While the guards held the man down, Eddie placed the still hot band of
steel around his neck. Although the steel still glowed a dull red from
the heat of the forge, when it came into contact with the young man's
neck, through some sort of magic, the skin underneath wasn't burned.

Holding the band against the surface of the anvil with long tongs,
Eddie hammered the ring closed around the man's neck while the poor lad
screamed and struggled with the strong soldiers holding him. One of the
soldiers drove his meaty fist into the side of the boy once, and again,
and the urge to fight left him.

When the band of iron had been shaped to fit closely around the man's
neck, Eddie put down his forging hammer to take up his welding hammer.
He pulled a thin rod out from coals in the forge and brought it to the
anvil. The rod glowed with a brilliant white light since the iron had
been heated to almost the melting point. Calmly, Eddie lay the rod
against the joint in the collar and began to hammer the rod into the
seam. A few sparks flew out as the ends of the collar fused together.
Then, a bucket of water was unceremoniously dumped over the man's head
by one of the guards, to cool the metal down.

A chain was produced and the guard locked it around the heavy anvil
and to the ring in the front of the man's collar. With the prisoner
thus secured, one guard sat down by the door, while the other one left
the shop to have his lunch. The young man, resigned now to his fate,
sat subdued while Eddie fixed the other four bands of iron around his
wrists and ankles. The ends of the bands were similarly fused together
by blows of the blacksmith's powerful welding hammer.

Eddie had just finished closing the last fetter on the prisoner when
the other guard returned from the saloon and looking quite inebriated.
Upon seeing the five gleaming bands of steel on the boy, a smile
crossed his lips. The boy was standing beside the anvil, bent over,
with his head still chained closely to it. The pale white skin of his
buttocks glowed in the light of the fire in the forge, marked only by
traces of a beating or whipping he'd recently endured.

"It's still early, Rocko," remarked the soldier that had just entered.
"Fancy a bit o' fun?"

"The King wants this one back pronto," replied Rocko.

"Yeah, but this won't take long."

With that, the soldier began to unfasten his breeches and pull them
off. The young man, upon seeing this, began to pull and struggle with
the chain binding him to the anvil. Picking up a lock and a short piece
of chain, the guard took three quick steps and grabbed the man's wrists
in his hand. Pulling the frightened boys arms behind his back, the
guard fastened the rings on his wrist fetters to the ring in the back
of the collar, pulling his arms up tightly with the chain and locking
the wrist shackles close to his neck. The other soldier helped to
further subdue the boy by locking his ankle shackles to the chain
around the anvil. This forced the boy to bend over the anvil and
present his bottom to the two lusty guards.

The first guard looked towards Eddie. "Fancy a go, Smithy?" he asked.

"No. You two have your fun," Eddie replied. "I've got work to do."

Usually, dreams reflect reality, and in his dream, Eddie was just as
much a homosexual as he was in real life. Eddie would loved to have
"had a go" at the young man chained over his anvil, but the thoughts of
taking someone against their will like that turned him off. So Eddie,
in his dream, left the two soldiers to do what they would to their poor
prisoner, while he went to the front of the shop where he had a small
office set up. He would be powerless anyway to interfere with whatever
the Kings soldiers wished to do with the lad. In disgust, he sat
looking out through the dusty front window while the soldiers took
turns sodimizing the boy and his screams echoed throughout the shop.

Eddie looked out at the big wagon standing outside his shop. The four
massive Percherons, from the King's own stables no doubt, stood proudly
waiting, pawing at the dirt with their big furry hooves and eager to
get moving again. The wagon was a big prisoner transport with heavily
barred sides. Along the lower sides of the wagon, set into the dark
wood, was an intricate silver inlay that formed a beautiful design.

Eddie sat up and stared at the side of the wagon. This was this design
that Eddie sketched out the next morning upon waking. This would be the
design that he would like to have engraved on Rusty's silver collar.

That day, Eddie tried welding some pieces of metal by laying them over
a piece of wood. He tried different insulating materials to see if he
could do the weld without scorching the wood underneath. When he was
satisfied that he could do it, he placed a call to Bill and told him
that he could do what he asked. Eddie wanted to meet with Bill and
Rusty to discuss the project, so Bill told him to come to his house
that evening.

Bill owned an apartment on the twelfth floor of a newer condominium
building that overlooked the bay. Eddie was greeted at the door by a
slim young man who looked to be in his mid twenties. Eddie immediately
recognised the fellow as Rusty since he wore a heavy looking, and
somewhat rusty, steel chain around his neck.

"You must be Eddie," Rusty said, extending his hand. "Won't you come
in?"

Inside the apartment, Eddie had the urge to remove his shoes, which he
did. The place was tastefully furnished with a mix of newer pieces, and
some that looked ancient. Persian rugs on the dark stained hardwood
flooring marked out areas of the open and spacious apartment.

"Would you like something to drink, Sir?" asked Rusty, crossing to the
kitchen area.

The kitchen was all dark green granite countertops and softly glowing
stainless steel appliances.

"Just a glass of water, please."

"We have fresh coffee made, if you'd prefer," offered Rusty.

"All right. Thanks."

Eddie crossed the living room area and stood by the large windows. The
sun was an orange ball, low on the horizon, washing the apartment with
a reddish light. A roll top desk stood off to one side and Eddie looked
at it. He reached out and, with a fingertip, stroked the gentle curve
of the upper part. The desk looked to have been made a hundred years
ago but it's condition was that of one fresh from the carpentry shop.

"Beautiful, isn't it."

Eddie turned to look at Bill, standing by the hallway.

"I remember that my grandfather had a desk something like this,"
offered Eddie.

Rusty came over and handed Eddie a mug of coffee, then moved to his
master's side. "May I get you something sir?" he softly asked.

Bill ignored him. "How old do you think that piece is?" referring to
the desk.

Eddie looked again. "I couldn't guess. Judging from the condition, I
might say recent. Yet, the fit, and the detailing, they indicate a
craftsmanship of times long passed."

"You have a good eye, Son." Bill crossed the room to the desk. He
raised up the roll top to let Eddie see the inside.

Centred on the desktop was a powerful looking laptop computer. Nestled
in one of the niches of the upper part was a small printer, and a phone
lay cradled to the right of it. The usual letters and papers occupied
the shelves. Somehow, the mix of modern technology and the seemingly
ancient aura of the wooden desk worked to perfection.

"Through a friend of a friend this desk came to me," said Bill, "all
the way from Buckingham Palace in England. King George the fifth had
this desk made for him back in 1912. He sat right here all through the
20's and the 30's. Troubled times, those."

"It's really a beautiful piece," Ed stated.

"Come, sit," as Bill pointed to the sofa. "Rusty, I believe this fellow
has some news concerning your new collar."

Ed sat on the butter soft leather of the couch while Bill switched on a
lamp and then took the big easy chair next to it. Rusty knelt on the
rug by his master's feet. Eddie told of his finding a source for silver
bar stock and he pulled out the drawing that he'd made for the collar.

"I believe that I can do this piece," he said. "The welding will be
tricky, but not impossible."

Ed handed over the sketch he'd made of the collar, which showed the
shape of it, and the design that he would like to be carved into the
metal. The design was that which had come to him in his dream the night
before. Bill took the drawing and began to study it. Eddie noticed that
the man's hands began to shake slightly. When Bill looked up from the
piece of paper, there were tears in his eyes.

"Forgive me," Bill said, dabbing his eyes with a handkerchief. "This
is, excellent. It's exactly what I had in mind. This design, though. .
. ."

"It's just a thought I had," said Ed. "We can do something else if it
isn't pleasing. . . ."

Bill put up his hand to cut him off. "Come with me, please," he said.

Bill stood up and so did Eddie and Rusty. Bill showed the sketch to
Rusty and he gasped audibly, then looked towards Ed. Eddie had the
sinking feeling that he'd somehow blown it.

Bill let the way down the hallway and, at a door, he paused. "This is
our bedroom," he stated. "I'd like to show you something inside but
I'll ask that you respect my privacy concerning other things that you
might see in here."

Eddie was puzzled, but he said, "Certainly."

Bill opened the door and the three men entered the room.

The bedroom was dimly lit from the light cast by a small bedside lamp.
Bill switched on the ceiling light, and the shadowy form that Ed had
first perceived sprang to life. In the corner of the room, by the bed,
was man size cage with iron bars and a big lock hanging from the open
door.

Eddie didn't want to stare at what was obviously Rusty's cage, so he
turned his head to the side. Along the wall, near the cage, was a rack
holding various whips and manacles. Ed glanced at Rusty who was looking
down at the floor. Bill strode into the room, stopping before a large
painting hanging on the far wall.

Ed moved into the room to stand beside Bill and trying not to see the
things that he'd been asked to ignore. Bill was gazing at the painting
and Ed looked at it. He felt his heart slow to a crawl and the hairs on
the back of his neck began to prickle.

The painting, ornately framed, showed what could be a scene in an
English village in olden times. Your standard street scene, with people
walking, horses pulling wagons, and the types of shops one might see
back then. Yet, off to the side, was the blacksmith's shop and in
front, two big, uniformed soldiers were dragging some poor wretch from
a big wagon with barred sides. And on the sides of the wagon, set in
what looked like silver inlay, was a design very similar to the one on
the piece of paper that Bill was holding in his hand. Strikingly
similar.

"Oh my God," Ed softly exclaimed.

"Son," Bill said softly, his voice trembling slightly with suppressed
emotion. "Can you explain how your sketch here came to be so similar to
the design on this wagon?" Bill's fingertip hovered over the scene in
front of the blacksmith shop.

"I. . ." Ed began. "Sir, I have no idea. I've never seen this painting
before in my life. Though last night. . ." Ed's voice faltered as a
chill ran up his spine. "Last night, I dreamt of a scene almost exactly
like this.

Ed moved closer to the painting and framed the wagon and the shop with
his fingers. He looked closer and saw that the wagon, the design along
the side, the big horses pulling it, were exactly as he's seen them in
his dream.

Eddie looked closer still, at the young man that the soldiers were
dragging from the wagon. A young man, early twenties. Ed quickly turned
to see Rusty, standing by his side. The face of the boy in the picture
was Rusty's.

Eddie jumped when Bill asked, "Do you believe in fate, Son?"

"F. . . fate, sir?"

"Yes, fate. Like when something seems destined to happen."

"Well, no. I mean, I've never really thought about it, Sir."

"Hummm," Bill mused. "I picked this painting up in Vienna nearly twenty
years ago. It's rather old and it's not really worth anything, except
to me. For some reason I felt compelled to purchase it. You see that
lad in chains that the soldiers are removing from their wagon? I had a
sense that I would meet this boy one day. And four years ago, I found
little Rusty here."

Bill paused as he sat down on the bed. "I heard of your work from a
friend and I looked up your ad in the phone book. Somehow, I knew that
you would be the one to make my Rusty's collar for me. And then you
come with this design and telling of a dream about this painting of
mine. Call it fate, or chance. Call it destiny if you will. I think
that we three have come together for a reason. Some purpose. . . ."

BIll sat silently on the bed for several minutes while Eddie waited for
him to continue. This job had started out as a simple collar. Well, not
so simple, but now this man was talking about destiny and some higher
purpose. It might have been the sun going down, but all the colour
seemed to have drained out of Bill's face. After a while, Bill spoke.
His voice had a tired, worn out tone to it.

"You will do this collar for my slave, Eddie. The sketch you've showed
me is perfect, And I know that when finished, it will be beautiful.
Thank you."

Rusty took the cue and led Ed out of the bedroom. Before he left
however, Eddie caught a glimpse of the many bottles of pills on the
nightstand beside the bed. A few of the prescriptions he recognised. At
the door to the apartment, Eddie had to ask.

"Bill didn't look too good when we left him. Forgive me for asking,
but, is he all right?"

Rusty looked down and let out a sigh. "No. Master has the AIDS."

Those four letters set a knot in Eddie's stomach. The scourge of the
gay community. A desease with no cure. Since Ed had first learned of
AIDS, he'd been extra careful in his relationships with others to avoid
contracting it. And he'd seen, first hand, what the desease could do to
a person.

"Do you. . . ?"

"No." Rusty looked up. He had tears in his eyes. "Master was always
careful that I not be exposed to it. But I. . . ."

Eddie put his hand on the man's shoulder.

"The doctors say it could be any time now," Rusty sobbed. "I don't know
what I'll do if. . . ."

Eddie took him into his arms. He felt the skinny boys wracking sobs
and he held him closely to try and comfort him. He whispered in his ear
that it would be all right, but he knew it wouldn't be. Rusty would
have to face it someday soon. His master will be gone.

Ed took a tape measure from his pocket and made a few quick measurements
of Rusty's neck. "Take care, Rusty," said Ed as he left the apartment.
"I'll call in a few days, about the collar."

The next day, Eddie got to work on the collar and wanted to get the job
finished as fast as possible. He wasn't sure how much time Bill had and
he wanted the man to enjoy what was left with his friend Rusty. Eddie
went to the metals supplier and picked up a length of silver bar an
inch wide by one quarter inch thick. Then, back at the shop, he traced
out his design on the shiny surface. The design would be repeated on
the front and the back of the collar, with a single curving line at the
sides connecting the two. The joint, he would make on one side.

An idea hit Ed then. When he saw the design laid out there was an area
centered where the front and the back of the collar would be. A round
shape would fit nicely in there and would blend into the design. Ed
spent a few hours in making up a mock up and, when he was sure it would
work, he milled out two rounded depressions in the silver bar. A bit
more machining and then it was off to the jeweler.

A silversmith he knew did the carving on Ed's silver bar in bias
relief, that is, the design was higher than the background. The design
would be kept shiny and bright from wear but the background would
attain a darker colour from the silver tarnishing. Just like the design
on the wagon in the painting, with the bright silver inlay against the
darker wood.

Three days later Ed picked up his bar from the silversmith. He'd told
the man that the two round holes were to be for two gold medallions
but, in reality, they were for two titanium rings that Ed had
fabricated. After fitting the rings onto the collar, they could be
pressed down into the surface and would look like part of the design,
or be lifted up to create two strong attachment points, front and back.

Eddie carefully bent the bar into an open C shape and then fitted the
rings into the cavities in the centers of the designs. The curve of the
rings didn't quite match, but he knew that once the collar was bent
fully closed they would. That evening he called Bill's house and spoke
to Rusty.

Bill was feeling unwell but Rusty agreed to come to Ed's shop the next
evening to have his collar fitted. The next night at his shop, Ed
struck off Rusty's rusty neck chain with a blow from a hammer and
chisel, then fitted his new silver collar on. The welding went without
a hitch and after a bit of grinding and polishing, no one would ever
suspect that the piece hadn't simply grown that way. Ed led Rusty to
the washroom and the mirror and watched the young man's eyes pop out at
the sight of his new collar.

Eddie was still debating how much to charge Bill for the job when, a
few days later, he received a note from him. It read: "I cannot express
my deep gratitude for the lovely work you've done for us. The piece has
exceeded my expectations in every way and we'll treasure it always.
Thank you." A cheque was enclosed for an amount that exceeded Ed's
expectations as well.

Life continued on for Eddie. With his business booming and the
occasional lover drifting in and out of his life, he was happy. Then, a
year and a half later, a man walked into his shop. A slim, youngish man
who had a shiny silver collar around his neck. It was Rusty. He handed
an envelope to Ed, then sat down heavily. Ed opened the envelope and
began to read.

"Master didn't have any family," Rusty said, his voice thick with
sorrow. "There was no one else. Last year, Master asked me what I
thought, and I thought of you, Sir."

After a long and painful two months, Bill had succumbed to his illness.
The papers in Ed's hands were the man's will, leaving everything to
him. All of Bill's worldly possessions, and that included Rusty.

Eddie moved to where Rusty sat with his head bowed low. Eddie placed
his hand on the boys shoulder and then moved it upwards to let his
fingertips touch the silver collar. Rusty looked up into his eyes as
Eddie hooked a finger underneath the collar. Rusty's eyes said a silent
thank you, while Eddie looked down and smiled.

   _________________________________________________________




Edgar and Judith: 


	  TEN D/S COUPLES NEEDED FOR ENDURANCE TYPE CONTEST
		  FIRST PRIZE: ONE MILLION DOLLARS!

   Home Showcase is inviting Dominant / submissive couples to
   participate in a contest for an upcoming pay per view special to
   be broadcast in the near future.

"Hey Jude, Come look at this"

"Oh no," Judith replied from her position. She lay, languishing
peacefully like a big contented cat, on the couples big, soft bed. "I'm
worn out from the last two times," she said with a gentle purr.

Edgar turned the computer monitor so she could see, and Judith slowly
raised herself up, then squinted, trying to make out the words. Through
the fog caused by those last heart stopping orgasms, what seemed like
only moments before, the heading of the page leapt out to her.

"A contest? With a million as first prize?"

Her interest now peaked, Jude slithered closer to Ed's desk at the foot
of their bed. The chain locked around her right ankle slipped on the
deep green satin sheets, tumbling off the end of the bed and clanking
noisily against the frame where the other end lay, looped around and
fastened with a second lock.

   You and your submissive will join nine other couples on a small
   South Pacific island where you will face-off in challenges set up by
   the moderator of the event.

"Well darling," Jude cooed seductively, "we both love a good challenge,
don't we."

Forty days. A quick mental calculation by Edgar revealed that he, no
they, stood to gain 25 thousand bucks per day. Not bad! After twenty
days, the weak would be culled, cutting the competition in half.
"Hummm," thought Edgar. "Things will really get interesting then.

   This contest is open to all dominance and submission couples,
   regardless of race or gender, however, preference will be given to
   couples who employ bondage in their lifestyle. Ten couples will be
   selected by the event organizers from those who apply. Please fill
   out the form below as honestly and as accurately as possible since
   any misrepresentations could result in disqualification.

The wheels were already spinning in Edgar's head. "The producers are
looking to make a big show out of this thing," he explained to his
partner. "They aren't looking for John and Jane Doe's. They want
couples with some flair, interesting people who can put on a good show.
Hummm."

Edgar continued, thinking out loud. "They'll want contestants who can
seem like just your average folks, but with that little something extra
to pull in the ratings. Right? Contessa Judith De Faria?"

"Contessa!? Edgar, you must be mad! They're going to do background
checks on anyone they pick."

"This is television, my pet. They're going to ask for a few names, call
them up and ask if we're baby killers or not. We'll give them friends
to call and tell them what to say. That couple we met last year, in the
Bahamas. What's their names? His wife with that chastity belt that you
were so fascinated with."

"Oh, Edgar," Jude muttered, "you're going to do whatever you want
anyway. You always do, don't you."

Ed reached down to the floor and grabbed the chain which led to his
partner's ankle. Pulling on it brought her foot closer to him where he
bent over and, holding her ankle just above the chain, he lowered his
lips to softly kiss her dainty little toes.

"Don't you know it," he said with a sly grin.


After finishing high school in his native Portugal, Edgar De Faria,
after working for a year at ever more menial jobs in the farms around
his town, graduated to a life of petty crimes. Then, after running
afoul of the law one too many times, he travelled to France. Paris,
where he could blend into the crowds and practice his art. As a small
time pick-pocket, he soon fell into the criminal underground and did
his under-graduate studies with a man called Pierre Lacroux.

Pierre showed the young Edgar the ins and outs of the art of swindling
unsuspecting folks out of large amounts of cash. After graduation, and
a sting operation that brought about a bit too much heat, Edgar
immigrated to the U S of A, and California, where life was fast and the
pickings easy.

It was at a party that Edgar had gotten himself invited to, that he met
the Contessa Judith Sylvanna. Jude wasn't really a Contessa but she
sure knew how to act the part. Judith was in reality the spoiled
daughter of a French diplomat, though when Ed laid eyes on her, he was
drawn to her like a magnet. Like a banker to a forclosure. Like a
lawyer to an ambulance. Edgar saw fine clothes and nice looking jewelry
and a girl who seemed a little too careless with both.

Edgar struck up a conversation with the girl, who seemed just a little
bit drunk, and after a nightcap at a nearby club he got himself invited
up to her apartment. The apartment was spacious and richly furnished,
befitting a Contessa, or a spoiled daughter of a rich diplomat. After a
quick look around, Edgar decided to return someday, uninvited,
preferably.

The two found themselves in Jude's bedroom. "Sweet thing," Ed thought,
as she swung open a painting on the wall, opened the wall safe and
deposited her rings and necklaces inside while he sat on her bed
and watched her. The two made love, spectacularly, yet a part of
Edgar's mind remained on the safe, and the contents he'd glimpsed
inside.

The next three days Ed spent in his car, parked outside the girl's
apartment building and watching her comings and goings. He would watch
her strut proudly through the doors as the doorman held them open for
her, to then stand impatiently at the curb as the doorman hailed a cab
for her. As the taxi pulled away, Ed would follow at a discrete
distance. It took just three days for him to spot his opening.

Judith would come out around 10:30 each morning, take a cab to a small
restaurant five blocks away and have a leasurly breakfast there. "So
that's it," thought Edgar. "Tomorrow's payday."

The next morning Ed watched the "Contessa" climb into her cab for the
ride to the restaurant. Edgar waited a few minutes before getting out of
his car and walking to the building. He had his story prepared and he
bluffed his way past the bored security man, striding to the elevators
with an air of confidence. On the ride up to the tenth floor and Jude's
apartment, he fingered the lock pick in his pocket. The door lock he
had examined on his last visit and would present no problem.

Judith had waited until they reached the end of her block before she
asked the cab driver to pull over.

"Just stop here for a moment," she ordered.

Taking the small opera glasses with the mother of pearl handle from her
purse, she turned in the seat to peer through them out the back window.
There. The flash of sunlight as Edgar's car door opened and closed. She
watched a man dart through the morning traffic, heading towards her
building.

"So. The little fishie has taken the hook," she muttered to herself.
Then quickly, "Driver. Turn around and take me back."

"But Miss, the traffic. . . ."

"Do it NOW!" she shouted, flinging a twenty down on the front seat.

"Yes Ma'm!"

So intent was Edgar in riffling through the contents of Judith's safe
that he didn't hear the almost imperceptible click of the front door
lock opening. It wasn't until he heard the slide chambering a round in
the tiny Beretta, with the mother of pearl grip held in Judith's hand,
that he turned around. Staring down the dull gray barrel pointed
between his eyes, Edgar felt the lump rise in his throat as his heart
sank.

"Good morning Edgar," Judith coolly quipped. "I didn't expect to see you
again so soon."

"Judith. I. . . ."

Jude's diamond studded tiara in his hand, Ed watched her finger slide
back to click the safety off her weapon.

"Put that back, dear. Then move over to the bedside table."

Carefully, Edgar complied. He stood beside the night table and glanced
at Judith.

"Open the top drawer, darling."

Hooking a finger through the handle, Ed slid the drawer open. He
glanced inside, then looked again.

"Now be a dear and put those on, would you please?"

With two fingers, Edgar raised the shiny silver handcuffs from the
drawer. Glancing at Judith, and seeing only an ice cold stare returned
his way, he placed one open cuff against his wrist and slowly began
ratcheting the handcuff closed. Each click sounded like a gunshot to
him in Jude's silent bedroom. Ed took the other cuff into his hand.

"Behind you, of course."

"Judith, we can talk about th. . . ."

"I don't imagine that the police would be much of a bother to me if I
was forced to shoot an intruder in my own bedroom, do you?" Judith
placed one of her hands at her throat. Her fingers encircled her neck.
"You see the marks here officer?" She squeezed, then withdrew her
fingers. Ed watched the marks left by the slight pressure fade quickly.
"He tried to kill me. I had no choice. Now, DO IT!"

With deliberate slowness, Ed moved his hands behind his back. Taking
the open cuff, he placed it against his wrist. His mind was working at
double time but he could see no way out at the moment. The rat-tat-tat
sound of the cuff closing sealed his fate, whatever it may be.

Judith moved closer to Edgar and gently pressed the tip of the gun
against the base of his skull. Slowly, teasingly, she traced it down
his spine. Then she took a step back.

"Lay down across the bed. Face down."

Edgar turned towards the bed. With his knees against the edge, he bent
over, pressing his face to the duvet. Then he lowered his body down to
the surface. Inching forward like the worm he felt like, he moved
himself onto the bed until just his feet were hanging over the side.

"Stop!"

Ed lay still. He heard the sound of chain links tinkling together as
Jude lifted a length of it from the drawer.

"Cross your ankles."

Ed complied. Judith hooked a padlock through the end link of the chain
and then, pressing the gun to his spine just above his cuffed hands,
she lay the chain across the top of his crossed ankles.

"Now, darling, hold very still. If we have an accident here, it's going
to make a big mess on my nice clean bed. We wouldn't want that now,
would we?"

Placing her foot on the chain on the floor, Judith wound the other end
twice around Edgar's ankles and secured it with the lock. Then, taking
up the other end, she secured it to the brass headboard with another
lock. Gathering up the keys to the locks and the cuffs, she crossed the
room, placed them on the beaurau well away from Ed's reach, then,
returned to sit on the bed by his head.

She stared down at him as he looked up at her, craning his neck
painfully so he could see her face. After several minutes, Edgar let
his head fall back to the mattress.

"What are you going to do?" he asked her.

Judith, who had been loosely holding the gun on him the whole time, set
it down on the bed cover beside his face.

"Well. That depends. I could call the police and have you taken away.
Or I could call my Daddy. He's a respected and influential man in this
country. He has many friends, and has always managed to make my
problems simply go away. However, I may have use for a man of your
talents, limited though they may be," the last, said with a sneer.

Edgar's heart skipped a beat as he fathomed a way out of his
predicament. Showing no reaction, he waited the lady out.

"It was through a friend of mine," Judith began, "that you managed your
invitation to the party last weekend. I'd heard your name mentioned in
certain circles and I thought that you may have some skills that I
require. The fact that you are here, now, proves that you have at least
some of the requirements in this area." Judith paused to gauge Ed's
reaction.

"Go on," Edgar carefully prompted.

"Some of my father's aquaintances are gentlemen of high stature and
quite well off. One of these gentleman's wives is a rather nasty old
bitch. She has been rather rude to me over the years and I wish to
extract a bit of revenge on her."

Judith went on to describe an elaborate investment scam that she'd
cooked up to take advantage of the woman's greedy nature. While she was
telling Edgar of the plan, her hands began to roam tentatively over
Ed's bound body. Edgar's hands and feet were prickly with pins and
needles caused by the too tight chains and cuffs, and by the position
he'd been forced into over the past several long minutes. Yet he tried
not to let his discomfort show as Jude's hands became ever more bold in
their explorations. Her excitement was growing with the telling of her
plans.

"Oh, you poor dear," she said upon noticing the tension in Edgar's
arms. "Now if I release these cuffs, do you promise not to run away?"

With his feet chained to the solid headboard there was little chance of
that. Ed nodded, and Jude picked up her gun, then fetched the handcuff
keys from the beaurau. Leaving her gun over there, she returned to the
bed and opened one of the cuffs. Edgar's arms immediately dropped to
his sides.

"Roll over and remove your shirt, please," Jude ordered.

Ed complied, the open cuff snagging inside the sleeve of his shirt.
Once he was freed of his shirt, Judith grabbed his wrist and re-cuffed
his hands together in front of him.

"So," Ed asked, stalling for time. "This investment scam, do you have
something in mind?"

Judith was on her knees on the bed, Edgar's head between them. Her
hands began roaming his chest again as she told of the plan to swindle
this woman out of as much money as she could. The plan was simple; rent
an office and some furniture, start up a small drug company. On paper
anyway. Produce some impressive literature on some new wonder drug that
would cure some illness. Create reports on clinical trials that showed
the drug to be remarkably effective. F.D.A. approval forms submitted,
the licence to manufacture only weeks away. All that was needed was
start up capital for the manufacturing and once the drug hit the
market, thousands of lives would be saved. And the investors would reap
the profits.

Judith's fingers had found Ed's belt buckle and she was un-doing his
pants. Hooking her fingers in the waist, she slid them down his legs.
Edgar felt her pebble hard nipples against his hands as she leaned over
him, and he casually tweaked one between his fingers. Jude straightened
up and then, with a swift movement, she pulled her blouse off over her
head. Her perfectly formed breasts sprang free.

"This woman's mother died of Parkinson's desease. She fears that her
son is developing symptoms now. So she has a vested interest in any
treatment that may prove to be effective. I'll slip the word to her
through a mutual friend. You, my dear Edgar, will play the agent for
the pharmaceutical company. After you've shown her the test results, and
explained the hefty return on her investment, she'll be eager to hand
over a cheque."

"And what if she isn't?" asked Ed.

"Well," said Jude, bending over him. Her tits rubbed against his arms.
"That means that you aren't the salesman I've heard you are. Then I
will have to kill you."

Taking his cock into her mouth, Jude was quiet for a time. The hem of
her short skirt was touching Edgar's forehead and he brought his hands
up to lift it and peek underneath. Jude was bare there, her arousal
clearly evident. With a finger, Ed traced the line of her slit making
her jump and moan softly. Then, as his finger probed a bit deeper, Jude
renewed her efforts on his prick.

Judith's sucking, and her talented tongue, brought Edgar nearly to the
point of climax. Then, suddenly, Judith drew her face away from him and
sat upright, rocking back on her heels. Ed lowered his hands past his
face with the overpowering scent of her heat on his fingers. He looked
up at her.

"What do you want?" he asked.

"Well, darling Edgar," she answered, "it's quite simple. You work this
sting with me or I call the police and report an intruder."

"And what if I say that I'll tell them about this little scam of
yours?"

"I could report that I shot an intruder dead in my bedroom. Besides,
you're not going to tell the police anything, are you? There is honour
amongst thieves, no?"

Edgar had worked operations like this before but never one with such a
high possibility of returns. Almost every week in the papers there were
reports of some little startup research company making a new discovery
and creating riches for lucky investors.

"What would the split be?" he asked.

"Fifty Fifty," she answered.

Edgar thought for a moment. "Since the Mark knows you, it will be me
whom she'll have to deal with. It will be me that she picks out of the
police line up if things go sour. I want more."

Judith regarded him coldly. "If we are going to work together, we'll be
as equals. They'll be no me or you, it's us, baby, or nothing. Is that
clear? Besides, there's going to be enough for us both."

Already Edgar was imagining the office they'd need, the paperwork
required. It had been too long since he'd worked one of these scams,
and never one as ambitious as this. A slight smile began to pull at his
lips, and there, Judith had her answer.

"Alright," he said. "I'll do it. Now how about letting me go?"

"Darling, what's the rush? We've got all day."

With that, Judith shifted her position so she was kneeling over top of
Ed's waist. Slowly, she began to lower herself, guiding his stiff
length inside of her with her hand. Then, taking hold of the handcuff
chain, she raised his hands up over his head and bent down, stretching
herself along his body to roughly press her lips to his.

Judith was thrusting so forcefully with her hips that the two of them
were sliding on the bed, the bedcover slipping against the satin sheets
underneath. When she'd managed to move Edgar down far enough on the
bed, the chain from his ankles to the headboard pulled tight, stopping
their travels. Pants around his knees, the chain around his ankles
biting into them, Judith drove him to an explosive orgasm, the force of
which making him pass out for a few seconds.

When he came to, Judith was sitting on his belly and rubbing their
combined juices over it with her pussy. She sealed their partnership
with a kiss, silencing any protests he may have had with her lips.


The sting operation exceeded both their expectations. The woman, Edgar
discovered, was as arrogant and as nasty as Judith made her out to be.
Just the type of Mark that Ed loved to fleece. On that first meeting
with her in the new office, "Dr. Stormont" sold her on the soundness of
the investment with stacks of clinical trial reports, colourful
brochures, and photos of clean pharmaceutical factories with lots of
high tech equipment, just waiting for government approval to begin
production. The woman handed over a cheque for a hundred and fifty
thousand, payable in cash.

They'd timed the scam for the end of the month, so a week later, the
Mark was called back and the good doctor showed her how her money had
doubled in such a short time. "The F.D.A. is asking for a second
clinical trial," Edgar explained to her. "If another trial is needed,
it will delay production for up to three months. But, of course, a
second test will only confirm how effective our new drug is in curing
this terrible desease."

"My mother sucommed to Parkinsons," the woman coolly told him, and he
sympathized.

"Whether or not the second trial takes place, this company is poised to
take off. If you have any friends who wish to invest, now would be the
time for them to get in. Once we begin production, and the drug hits
the market, the growth rate of your investments will be even greater."

Knowing how greed can overtake a person's reasoning, Edgar was not
surprised when the woman offered to invest some more money into this
fictitious drug company of his. Her greed would ensure her silence
concerning this wonderful new investment opportunity. The Doctor
received another cheque for one hundred and fifty thousand that time,
and less than two weeks later, another two hundred thousand.

Near the end of that month, after hearing no more from Dr. Stormont or
this new wonder drug, the woman returned to the crime scene to find an
empty office, the furniture repossessed by the rental company. Edgar
and Judith took two months off and vacationed in the Bahamas.

   _________________________________________________________





The Major and Jane: 

Major Edwin Kilpatrick (rtd) leaned back in his chair, whiskey in
hand, contemplating the screen in front of him.


         TEN D/S COUPLES NEEDED FOR ENDURANCE TYPE CONTEST
	       FIRST PRIZE: ONE MILLION DOLLARS!
  
   Home Showcase is inviting Dominant / submissive couples to
   participate in a contest for an upcoming pay per view special to
   be broadcast in the near future.


Kilpatrick frowned and again checked the 'sent by' information that
came with this email. He knew just from looking that it was one of
those anonymous services, and one of the better ones at that. Someone
had gone to some lengths to make sure he wouldn't know who had sent
this.

The Major wasn't surprised, a stickler for online security himself he
approved of the sender's discretion. Yet the Marine in him still
thought that security was only good when it was YOUR side using it.
Information won battles, and it didn't matter if those battle were
fought with blood and steel between men of honor, or fought with words
with people who didn't even realize they were part of the game.

'He who knows the most, wins the war!' was a favorite saying of his.

But there was nothing he could do about it at the moment, although he
wasn't totally without resources. A call to an old Marine buddy who
still worked in Naval Intelligence would give him the identity of the
sender in a matter of days. If he needed to make that move he would.

Still, the body of the message was interesting indeed.

He was well aware of Home Showcase and the kinds of things they put on
their controversial, but highly rated cable channel, so the contest was
not out of character. There were links to a website embedded in the
message giving him a little more information about the contest, but
that wasn't nearly as important as the conformation that it was all
real. The Major now knew that there WAS going to be a contest,
broadcast on television, with a Million Dollar prize for the couple
that made it to the end.

It was a challenge, and Kilpatrick was never one to back down from a
challenge. His military career had been filled with challenges and he
never backed away from any of them, even when one of them meant his
being 'forced' into early retirement.

The Major no longer growled at the way he had been kicked out of the
Marine Corp after nineteen years of faithful service. At the time it
had seemed like a huge injustice. But once he had calmed down he did as
he was told like the good soldier that he was.

He looked at the invitation on the screen and thought about it for a
moment. Yes it was a challenge, and the Major LOVED a challenge, and
the first step was getting to be one of the initial ten couples invited
on the show!

He saw that as the hardest part, as it would mean competing against
others he couldn't see or do anything about. But once on the show, the
enemy would be revealed and he was sure his military mind could out
plan the lot of them.

'Civilians all,' he thought, 'weak and undisciplined! Not a problem.'

Kilpatrick stood up, his thoughts about discipline reminding him of a
task he had yet to do. He walked across his Spartan den to a series of
bookshelves where he took out three books from one of the upper
shelves. Behind them was a switch which he flipped before tugging on
the bookshelf. It moved silently on well oiled hinges and opened to
reveal a locked door. The Major selected a key from a large bunch on
his belt and opened it, passing through to the room beyond.

This room was also extremely neat. No messes around the Major! It was
also very differently furnished as this was his play room. Various
devices of torture and bondage were mounted at intervals around this
large room, all looking brand new despite the years of wear on some of
them. A lot of them he had built himself, being a handy man with tools,
but many he had lovingly purchased over time with money realized by the
trust fund of his late wife. That and his Marine pension enabled him to
indulge full time in his little hobby.

The little hobby in question was crouched in a tiny cage just barely
big enough to contain her. Naked, except for a metal ring around her
neck, she knelt in a fetal position which was the only way she could
fit inside the cage.

She didn't look up, couldn't really, at Kilpatrick's approach but he
did see her stiffen when she heard him.

Kilpatrick smiled.

Without a word he unlocked the cage and opened one end, then without
looking back he strode over to the middle of the room. The girl in the
cage made no move to leave it.

Kilpatrick turned and watched her for a moment, then began.

"Out!" he ordered smartly.

The girl pushed herself out of the cage, emerging like a butterfly out
of a cocoon at a speed you would not have thought possible looking at
how tightly packed she had been. But the girl had by now plenty of
practice exiting the cage and had all the moves down pat. She ought to
have had considering all the drilling the Major had forced on her. So,
stiff and sore, she was on her feet in seconds at attention.

"Left face!" ordered Kilpatrick, and the girl did a perfect military
turn, her bare foot thumping the concrete floor and her breasts
wobbling from side to side due to the quickness of her action. She now
faced the Major but kept her eyes facing straight ahead, focused on the
opposite wall. She knew to her error the penalties of looking directly
at him at the wrong times.

"Forward, two paces, MARCH!" was the next command, and the nude girl
executed them smartly.

Kilpatrick then began his inspection. He noted the deep red marks
across her knees, shins, and feet from the lattice on the bottom of the
cage. She had just spent the last ten hours in there with nothing soft
to protect her flesh. The bars of the lattice were wide enough not to
cut into her skin, but only just.

Other marks decorated her body, some fresh, some old. Whip and cane
marks across her back and buttocks, a few burns on her breasts and
thighs from cigarettes, and plenty of bruises and marks made by straps,
cuffs, chains, rope, and whatever else was on hand at various times to
bind her with.

As Kilpatrick walked around her he noted all these marks and wondered
how they would look on TV and grew concerned. The bleeding hearts
might complain, he thought, so he decided to lay off the hard stuff for
a while so she could better heal up.

His thoughts were unknown to the girl of course, all she could see in
her immediate future was another day of misery. She carefully eyed
the open door of the room but knew that a try for it was hopeless. She
had made that mistake over a year before only to find that the door
beyond WAS locked. She ended up cowering in fear as the Major walked
slowly over to her. It had been a week since she had been able to walk
again.

So she stood stock still as her tormentor examined every inch of her
body. She had long ago resigned herself to his scrutiny, and the looks
of the few that he allowed to see her. Her body was scarcely hers
anymore anyway. He decided everything about it now, even her toilet
functions. But it was her own damn fault.

She was jerked back to the present by the Major who came around and
stood right in front of her. Kilpatrick was not a tall man, in fact
the girl with her bare feet was the exact same height as the Major in
his boots. But he was a big man, well muscled, with a lethal air about
him. As a soldier he had 'Command Presence', code for an air of "Don't
you DARE mess with me because I can whip your ass without breaking a
sweat!"

The girl was scared to death of him!

"You're going to need a haircut soon," Kilpatrick said to her. He
kept her hair at military regulation length, regulation for men that
is. He quickly tired long ago of her long hair getting in the way.

"Yes, Major," she answered, then she wondered if she should have. When
he spoke to her she was supposed to answer, but there were times when
it was hard to know if he was speaking rhetorically. She held her
breath.

Kilpatrick knew of her dilemma, there was very little mystery left in
her. He even caught her glance at the door a minute before even though
he had been standing behind her at the time. Her head had turned for
just a fraction, making him smile.

It had taken him a long time to break her down, using a combination of
boot camp mentality and harsh discipline but he had taken her down to
basics. Now he was in the process of rebuilding her the way he wanted
her and he was rather pleased with his progress. Six months ago he
wouldn't have dreamed of entering a contest such as the one he had just
found out about, but he was confident that his control over the girl
was sufficient for the task ahead of him.

Then and there he decided to put in an entry and he was determined to
win!

"Laundry duty, then lunch at 11:30 hours," he told her.

"Yes, Major," she answered, waiting for the final command.

Major Edwin Kilpatrick (ret), formally of the United States Marine
Corp, waited a beat, admiring the quivering body before him, muscles
sculpted though arduous work outs. Then he gave the command.

"Dismissed!"

As the girl ran quickly out of the room to her duties, Kilpatrick
smiled once more at what lay in store for them. Then he frowned.

"Damn," he said to himself. "I guess I'll have to find a name for her
now!"


   ____________________________________________________







Home Showcase presents 
SURVIVER 
by Dino Dave 
  
Ten Dominant/Submisive couples vie for a One Million Dollar prize on a South Sea island. 
See them tackle all kinds of BDSM themed challenges as they struggle to see who will SURVIVE! 
 Don't miss this 'Bondage Story Event' of the year!

Episode 1:  Air Date, Sept 10th 2001.  They come! 
Episode 2:  Air Date, Sept 17th 2001.  Adjustment problems. 
Episode 3:  Air Date, Sept 24th 2001.  Pigs, Mud and Paint ball Guns! 
Episode 4:  Air Date, Oct 1st 2001.  A Theft, some Ice, and a Race! 
Episode 5:  Air Date, Oct 8th 2001.  The first Theme show...GOR. 
Episode 6:  Air Date, Oct 15th 2001.  It's the split and five couples leave. 
Episode 7:  Air Date, Oct 22nd 2001.  Sex, Chickens, and more Sex! 
Episode 8:  Air Date, Oct 29th 2001.  Competition becomes painful. 
Episode 9:  Air Date, Nov 5th 2001.  Punishment, Mud games, and Roping 
Episode 10:  Air Date, Nov 12th 2001.  It's Ponygirl Time! 
Episode 11:  Air Date, Nov 19th 2001.  A Birthday and a very Intimate Challenge. 
Episode 12:  Air Date, Nov 26th 2001.  A Storm and some Torture! 
Episode 13:  Air Date, Dec 3rd 2001.  Final challenges and a Winner is declared! 
Reunion Show:   Air Date, Dec 3rd 2001.  Prizes given out and secrets revealed! 







  Episode  1.         SURVIVER           (C) dino 2001

[Start.]

[Voiceover and show scenes of island.] "Twenty people, ten dominant -
submissive couples, stranded on a tiny south seas island. Every three
days the couples will have to compete against each other in two
challenge competitions, for rewards, and for points. At the end of
twenty days, the five couples with the fewest number of points will
have to leave the island, while the rest will continue on for another
twenty days. In the end, the couple with the highest number of points
will be declared the winner, and will walk away with One Million
Dollars."

[Run Opening Title Sequence.]  [Episode Intro Sequence: 65 seconds.]

05 seconds -     Airport: small plane taking off - classic over the
camera shot.

12 seconds -     Small plane flying over water - slow zoom to cockpit -
jungle drums begin building.

17 second sequence - ahead view, flying low over water. Plane banks
left, island comes into view as title music breaks in and dialogue
begins (see below). Pull up, camera tilts down, show fly over of
island, trees etc.

20 second sequence - show cast: head shots, 2 seconds each couple,
background is island shore as plane flies past.

11 seconds -     Night view of beach from point offshore: fast zoom in
to bonfire, chained submissives dancing around it. Expand title and
logo. Hold for 5 seconds.

Fade to black.

Intro Dialogue:

Island fly over: "Ten couples, stranded on a tiny south seas island,
forced to fend for themselves. Every three days the couples must
compete in two challenges, for rewards, and for points that will lead
to one of our couples winning a grand prize of One Million Dollars."

Show cast: "Within each of these couples, one person is in control
while the other person submits to that control. One is dominant while
the other is submissive. Each submissive is fitted with wrist and ankle
cuffs and chains which will hamper their movements, and which shall be
worn by them at all times while on the island."

Night view: "In the end, one couple will walk away as the sole
survivers."

[End episode intro.]


[Title: DAY ONE.]

The scene: On the beach, the survivers encampment. Our host, Kent
Brockman, walks up to the camera and stops.

Kent: "Welcome. This is Surviver Island. In a few moments our
contestants will be dropped off here with only a few basic supplies,
and will be spending the next forty days trying to survive on this tiny
island.

"The rules of the game are simple. Survive the daily life here and win
at the competitions we've set up. Our couples will have to find their
own food and build shelters for themselves. There is a well in the
jungle about an hour's walk from here, where they can find fresh water.
There's fruit and nuts in the jungle and they can catch fish in the
ocean. There's wood and bamboo available and we've provided some tools
and rope to build shelters from the weather, which can turn quite nasty
here at times. But in the end they are going to have to rely on their
wits and each other to survive their time here.

"We have seven camera crews that will be watching over the contestants
during the daylight hours and there will be three cameras around them
at night. Besides the manned cameras, there are over seventy remote and
fixed cameras mounted in various locations around the island. You at
home will be able to watch the couples as they compete in the
challenges, as well as see how they live and pass their time while here
on the island."

[Sound of a motor launch. Kent turns to look.]

Kent: "And here come our lucky contestants."

[Landing craft approaches the beach, cuts engine and drops the front
ramp. Camera: close up of inside craft.]

[Cast stands and disembarks landing craft.]

[Voiceover introduces each couple as they step off the boat. Camera
close ups. Title: Each couple's name.]

Colleen and John: Colleen is 25, John is 27. They live in Florida and
Colleen works as a legal secretary, John as a tour guide.

Brandi and Marsha: From Ohio, both 26 years old. Brandi works as a
graphics designer and Marsha is a librarian.

Sam and Trish: From Pennsylvania, Sam is 38, Trish, 32. They're factory
workers in the automotive industry.

Peter and Sue: Peter is 39, Sue, 31. Peter owns his own home renovation
business and Sue works for him. They live in Illinois.

Eddie and Rusty: Eddie runs a business doing custom wrought iron work
in the San Francisco area. Rusty is 27 and a homemaker. Eddie is 41.

Edgar and Judith: Edgar is 35 and works as a technical writer. Judith,
31, is a social worker. They're from Arkansas.

The Major and Jane: Retired Marine Major, Edwin Kilpatrick and his
housekeeper, Jane, are from Texas. The Major is 53, Jane, 25.

Mark and Nadine: Mark is an investment counsellor from New York and
Nadine is an elementary school teacher. They're both 43 years old.

Max and Sierra: Max is a software designer from California. Sierra
works for the county hospital. Max is 26, Sierra, 28.

Lisa and Myka: Lisa is a bartender and they live in Wyoming. Myka works
as an exotic dancer. Lisa is 24, Myka, 22.

Sam and Trish step off the boat first and into the water. Trish has
little trouble with her short ankle hobble. Eddie and Rusty follow and
Rusty's foot slips as the chain pulls up tight. He falls into the
water. The others follow, some of the dominants helping their subs with
the first jump into the surf, others left to fend for themselves. All
of the dominant contestants carry a small backpack containing some
clothing and a few personal effects for them and their submissives.

Sam, holding Trish's hand, reaches the shore first. The group gathers
around the host, Kent. 

Eddie: "Hi, Kent. What's for lunch?"

[Nervous laughter amongst the group.]

Kent: "Sorry guys. I'll leave that up to you."

[Sequence of cuts, shots of the group looking around the beach.
Closeup shots of the bondage.]

All of the submissive wear identical bondage, leather cuffs with
connecting chains, around wrists and ankles. The cuffs have thin felt
padding inside and are fastened by rivets through a small metal plate.
They cannot be removed except by removing the rivets or by cutting
through the leather band. The chains are attached to the metal plates
and there is ten inches between each sub's wrists, fourteen inches
between their ankles.

All of the submissives have been given the choice of wearing a loin
cloth or a wrap type skirt or dress. The females also may wear
swimsuits of a type that can be tied on because of their bondage. A few
of them have chosen to be naked. All are barefoot. For the dominants,
they are free to wear whatever they choose and the men are dressed
mostly in shorts or cutoffs and loose shirts or tee shirts. Most of
them are barefoot also. As for the dominant women, Brandi wears a short
wrap skirt over a yellow bikini. Colleen has on a light blue cotton
jumper. Lisa, as well as her submissive, Myka, are both naked.

Kent: "Alright everyone, you all know why we're here. There's some food
and supplies over there," he points to pile of crates. "I'd suggest
that you ration them wisely because it may be a while before you
receive anything else.

"In two days time we will hold the first challenge competition. You
will receive notice of it at a tree about a half mile up the beach,
there," Kent points. "That's our tree mail and someone should check it
each morning for any announcements. Other than that, I'll leave you to
it. Your first priority might be to construct some form of shelter
since they're calling for rain tonight. I'll see you in a couple of
days."

[Camera behind group, follows boat.]

Kent leaves the group, wades through the surf and boards the launch.
With a roar, the engine starts and the boat backs off the beach. The
group watches as it turns and heads away.

The dominants and some of their subs gather around in a loose circle.
They begin to discuss their situation, and soon they are arguing over
who should be in charge and who should do what.

[Voice over.] "People such as these, with a dominant personality, are
use to being in charge. They expect that once they've decided on a
course of action, their plans will be carried out. It will be
interesting to see who amongst our dominants, if any of them, will
become the group's leader."

The discussion has become somewhat heated by now, and a few of the
submissives have retreated to a small group near the crates of
supplies.

Sue: "Look at them arguing. They'll never accomplish anything if they
keep this up."

Judith: "I'm getting hungry and I need to use the bathroom."

Marsha: "Where is the toilet, anyway?"

Trish: "Wherever you'd like to dig one, I guess."

Jane: "There's a shovel here. We could make a start on digging a
latrine."

Trish: "Alright. Let's go."

Jane: "We'd better ask first."

Trish: "For what? Permission to dig a hole? Let's go. Judith, you
coming?"

[Camera cut to dom's group.]

Sam: "Let's get those crates open and see what we've got to work with
here."

Major: "I don't want, that is, I think we should make an inventory of
all of our supplies. We're going to have to make good use of everything
we have."

Major Kilpatrick sees his sub taking up a shovel from the supply pile.
She and Trish move into the jungle. He yells over to her.

Major: "Jane! Where are you going!"

Trish looks back and, with a grin, answers. 

Trish: "Latrine duty, Sir."

Major: "Carry on."

Peter: "We'd best begin preparing some sort of shelter first. I don't
think that we want to be sleeping out in the rain tonight."

Eddie: "Kent said there's some tools for us in the supplies. Let's find
out what we have. Agreed?"

The group breaks up, some moving to the supply pile and they begin
opening the crates. Judith has gone with Jane and Trish. Marsha tags
along with the three other girls. [Camera follows.] Judith's ankle
hobble snags on a root and she stumbles into Trish.

Judith: "Damn! How are we suppose to move around with these chains on?"

Marsha and Trish exchange quizzical looks. Walking in bondage should be
natural to a submissive.

Trish: "Lift your feet higher so the chain doesn't snag. Don't shift
your weight until you're sure of your footing."

Judith: "I really have to pee!"

Trish: "Well go over there," she says, pointing to a log.

Judith awkwardly moves to the log and squats. She gathers up the
material of the wrap dress she's wearing while trying to maintain her
balance. Her bare bum touches the log and she squeals. The other girls
turn as she slips off the log to her knees, piss dribbling from her
pussy and splashing on her feet and legs. Judith curses again.

Trish sees that the girl is upset as she rejoins the group.

Trish: "You haven't spent a lot of time in bondage, have you?"

Judith: "Not outside, walking around like this. Edgar and I mostly do
this bondage stuff in the bedroom."

Meanwhile, back at the beach, the men are prying open the crates of
supplies. One box holds several cans and bags of food, and there's a
large crate with metal cans of rice inside. Another crate holds rolls
of toilet paper, a couple of boxes of tampons for the ladies, a first
aid kit, soap and shampoo, a few razors for shaving, and a few other
personal supplies. There are some big pots and pans, some tools, rope
and some string, wire, etc.

Lisa: "If someone will start a fire, Myka and I will make some lunch."

Sam: "Anyone find any matches?" 

A search is carried out but no matches are found.

Major: "I'm willing to bet that there are no matches. One of the most
basic of survival skills is knowing how to start a fire without them."

Edgar: "And how are we suppose to do that?"

Major: He smiles. "Watch."

The Major cuts off some string, about three feet. In the jungle he
finds a thin, springy stick. He smiles again as he thinks of a better
use for the cane, like beating some sense into these idiots he's
surrounded by.

Major: "Gather up some dry wood," he says to Edgar who is following
him, "some dry moss or leaves and stuff and meet me back on the beach."

Major Kilpatrick picks up another stick, short, and with no give to it.
On the beach he sits cross legged on the sand and fashions a loosely
strung bow. Looping the bow string around the short stick, and holding
the ends between two pieces of wood, he saws the bow back and forth
making the stick spin quickly. After some time, a small wisp of smoke
curls up from the lower point of the stick. He smiles, knowing that his
survival experience will prove invaluable to the group.

Edgar returns with some dry moss and firewood and together, after a
while, the two men finally have a fire going.

[Voiceover:] "One of the most important survivor skills has been
mastered by our group. Time will tell if the Major's experience is
valued in helping the group survive here, or if his capabilities are
seen as a threat to the others winning the grand prize.

[Cue music, go commercial.] / [Return]

The survivors have broken into groups and most of them are working on
some project. Sam, Peter, John, and Rusty, are scouting the forest
looking for building materials for the shelter. Brandi, Colleen, and
Myka, are cooking some rice in a pot over the fire. Judith has returned
from latrine detail and has washed her muddy dress in the ocean. She
hangs it on a bush to dry, then sits alone, naked, on a rock by the
water. Edgar sees her and goes to join her.

Judith is fidgeting with her wrist chain as Edgar approaches. She looks
up at him with sad eyes as the gentle sea breeze lifts her hair.

Judith: "Oh, Edgar. How am I going to stay chained up like this for
forty days? It should have been you wearing these cuffs."

Edgar: "Now you know we agreed that I'd be in charge for this contest.
Besides, it won't be so bad. Look how nice it is here. An all expense
paid vacation on a beautiful tropical island. What could be better?"

Judith looks out at the ocean. A cloud passes overhead, casting a brief
shadow over the two.

[Voice over:] "Edgar and Judith are not set in their real life roles as
dominant and submissive. They often like to switch, with one playing
the dom while the other plays the sub. For their time here it is Judith
who will be the submissive one, as switching places is not allowed
during the contest. It remains to be seen if this puts an additional
strain on their relationship, or, on their ability to win in the
competitions."

[Isolation shot of Trish, standing on the beach.]

Trish: "Judith doesn't seem like the kind of person who's going to be
happy here. Earlier on she told me she mostly does this bondage stuff
in their bedroom. This bondage stuff?" Trish snaps her wrist chain
tight in front of the camera. "To us, to Sam and I, bondage is a bit
more than just stuff we do. Sure, we do it in the house or at the
cottage when no one's around." Trish smiles. "It's something that gives
me a lot of pleasure. But it's more than simply stuff we do. It's even
something more than just a lifestyle choice, at least for me."

[Cut to:] The Major, his sub Jane, Mark, and his sub Nadine, are moving
through the jungle and scouting a location for their shelter. Jane
shows the Major the latrine she and the other girls have dug.

Major: He glances at the camera. "A fine latrine, Private. Well dug."

Jane: "Thank you, Sir."

The group meets up with Eddie and Rusty on a low hill, inland from the
beach about 75 yards. The Major eyes the trees around the hill.

Major: "This is where we will build the shelter."

Nadine: "Why here? It's so lovely down on the beach."

A flash of anger is caught by the camera crossing the Major's face.

Major: "The trees here will give us shelter from the wind. They will
also support a roof to keep us dry. Now, let's get to work."

The Major walks away. The others exchange looks and then follow. Back
on the beach, some of the others are sitting around the fire and
eating. Some coconuts have been found and Max and Sierra are cutting
them open and handing the meat around. The shells are used as bowls for
the beans and rice, pots of which are sitting near the fire. In a
while, everyone has gathered around the fire to eat.

Colleen: "There's plenty of rice in the supplies. Five large tins of
beans, three canned hams. There's some vegetables, a few onions and
potatoes. Coffee and tea, flour, milk powder, not much else though."

Brandi: "Yeah, there's rice enough to feed an army but not a lot of
anything else. Unless we can find food, or win some in the
competitions, we're going to be a hungry bunch before too long."

Sam: "I saw some animal tracks in the mud back in the forest."

Major: He looks up at Sam. "I noticed some tracks too. I think there's
wild pigs on this island."

Judith: "Aren't they dangerous?"

Myka: "No, Just delicious."

[Nervous laughter from some in the group.]

Major: "Our first priority will be to build ourselves a shelter from
the rain. There's a good spot back in the jungle just behind us, about
eighty paces in."

Nadine: "Three hundred paces for us subs!"

Sue: "Why back in the jungle? Why not here on the beach?"

[Camera on the Major.] He visibly controls his annoyance.

Major: "Has any of you ever been out in a tropical storm?" He waits.
"I have, and so we'll build the shelter back in the trees where there's
some protection."

The Major stands up and goes to the pile of supplies. He begins looking
through the crates and he takes out a few items. A few things he puts
into his backpack. 

[Cut to: Max.] Max notices the Major taking something from the supplies
and he nudges Sierra, who looks. They keep quiet.

Edgar: "Are we all going to just do whatever he says? He's not in
charge here."

Peter: "He might be hard to get along with and set in his ways, but he
knows what it takes to survive out here. I agree with building the
shelter back in the trees. If the wind picks up, we'll be blown away
down here in the open."

The Major returns to the group carrying four machetes, a full water jug
and a coil of rope. 

Major: "The submissives will stay here for now. Don't touch the food
but some of you may scout around looking for some. The rest of you,
follow me." He heads off into the forest.

Sue moves to say something but Peter places his hand on her arm. Almost
all the group show signs of annoyance with the Major's arrogance, but,
they comply with his orders.

[Cue music.]

The seven men and three women, the dominants of the group, under the
direction of Major Kilpatrick, begin clearing a spot of jungle where
the shelter is to be built. There is the usual confusion at the start,
until sharply spoken commands by the Major assign duties to each of the
crew. There is visible resentment within the group at the Major's rough
manor and his assumption of command, but as the sky clouds over and the
breeze picks up, the group intensifies their efforts to complete a roof
over the shelter.

The Major organizes the submissives to move the supplies closer to the
shelter and a small raised hutch is prepared for the food, the roof
thatched with palm leaves. With most of the main shelter's roofing
finished, raindrops begin to sprinkle down. The gentle rainstorm
quickly becomes a deluge as our contestants huddle in the partially
completed shelter.

Most of the couples sit or lay close together on the bamboo flooring of
the shelter. Most are now nude, their clothing packed away to keep dry.
Edgar and Judith sit together and Jude doesn't look too happy. Brandi,
Marsha, and the other female couple, Lisa and Myka, are grouped in one
corner. Brandi and Marsha are cuddled closely together, Lisa is
brushing Myka's long hair.

Marsha: "You have lovely hair, Myka."

Myka: "Thanks. I like it, as does Lisa."

Marsha: "May I?" She reaches out to run her fingers down it's length.

Myka and Lisa smile at each other.

Marsha: "It's so thick and soft."

Marsha's hand travels down Myka's hair to come to rest on the girl's
thigh. Marsha's wrist chain slides off Myka's thigh and dips between
her legs. Myka puts her hand on Marsha's hand to feel the cuff on her
wrist. The two girls chains clink together. Lisa looks to Brandi.

Lisa: "How long have you two been together?"

Brandi: "Since highschool. Ten years now, right, kitten?"

Myka: "Kitten? That's sweet. Lisa has been my mistress for seven years.
She introduced me to the joys of this. . ." Myka takes Marsha's wrist
chain and lifts her hands up, then lowers them back to her thigh,
closer to her pussy.

As the four girls chat they've moved closer together. Other couples
begin to notice what they are up to. Sam nudges Trish and she looks
towards the girls.

Trish: "Hey you guys, get a room!"

Brandi: "We just finished making one!"

Laughter from the couples.

[Cut to:] A remote camera picks up two people moving through the thick
jungle in the rain. The Major and his sub, Jane, are following a rough
trail. The Major carries two empty water jugs, Jane carries four. They
are looking for the well.

Jane: She has to shout to be heard over the downpour. "Sir! I think I
see it."

The Major drops the jugs beside the well and, lifting the blue plastic
cover, peers inside. There's a pail on a rope nearby which he lowers,
then hauls up some water. Dipping his hand into the water, he smells
it, then tastes it.

Major: "All right. Fill these jugs."

Jane finds that the jug won't fit into the pail and she struggles
against her wrist chain to pour the water into one.

Jane: "Sir. I am unable."

Major: "What? Oh, very well."

Jane holds each jug while the Major pours water into them. Once they
are filled, he takes two and leaves four for his submissive to struggle
with. Together, they head back to camp.

Jane: "Sir. May I ask a question?"

Major: Turns to look at her. "Yes, what is it?"

Jane: "Sir. Some of the others have asked me about you, Sir."

Major: "What did they say?"

Jane: "Sir. Sue and Trish have both asked me, Sir, permission to speak
freely?"

Major: "Go on."

Jane: "Sir. They've asked me why you are such a hard nosed asshole,
Sir."

The Major spins around quickly, then his eyes flicker to the camera man
who's been following them. Jane cringes and takes a step back but the
blow doesn't come. Instead, the Major begins to laugh.

Major: Regains his composure. "And what did you tell them, my dear?"

Jane: Looks surprised, relieved. "Sir. I told them that that's the way
you are. Sir."

Major: Chuckles slyly. "As well you know. Look, err, Jane. I plan to
leave this island with the Million Dollar prize money and as you also
know, I get what I want. You just tell these people what I told you to
tell them. They don't matter. They are all weak, and know nothing about
what it takes to survive out here. You stick to the plan and follow
orders and we'll both leave here a lot better off than when we came.
All right?"

Jane: "Yes Sir."

Major: "Right. Now pick up those jugs and let's go."

Back at camp, the rain has let up. Edgar has started a fire in a circle
of stones near the shelter. Some of the girls are preparing the rice
pot and some tropical fruits have been gathered. Eddie opens one of the
canned hams to cook along with the rice for the evening meal. 

The Major and Jane return to camp with the water. Seeing the food being
prepared, the Major refrains from commenting.

Sam: To the Major. "We're having one of the tinned hams in celebration
of our first day here."

Major: "Good. It took us almost an hour to get to the well. One sub
with her hands chained wouldn't be able to draw up the water, it takes
two. The well is due West of this position."

After the evening meal is over the couples split up. The storm long
passed, the sky over the beach is washed in glorious colours of orange
and red. A bonfire is built, and several of the couples sit or stand
around it. Some swim in the ocean. A few couples have scattered to
various secluded locations to make love.

[Iso shot - Peter and Sue.] Peter: "I don't trust the Major. He may be
jungle smart but about dealing with real people he knows very little."

Sue: "I talked briefly with his girl, Jane. There's something strange
about her. It's almost like she's been brainwashed into believing that
the Major is some kind of a God or something. I don't know."

[Iso shot - Colleen and John.] Colleen: "It's great how everyone worked
together so well on building the shelter. There's some good people in
this group."

John: "It's really a beautiful spot here."

Colleen: "Yeah, it is." She runs her hand up and down John's arm.

[Iso shot - Sam, Trish and Judith are standing knee deep in the water.
Judith is wearing her wrap dress again, Trish, a skirt and bikini top.
Sam wears just shorts. As the three stand chatting and admiring the
evening view, Judith is startled by something brushing against her leg.
She screams and jumps, her ankle chain trips her up, and she falls into
the surf.

Judith: Comes up sputtering. "Something rubbed against my leg!"

Sam: Peers into the water. "It's a fish. A big one!"

Others run up and look. The camera catches the flash of silver as a
large fish swims past.

Max: "If we had a net we could catch him."

Sam: "Or a hook."

Major: "Or a spear."

Sam: To Major. "You think you could spear a fish?"

Major: "I have before. Takes a good eye, and patience. Lots of
patience."

Sam: "So there's fish here, and you think there's wild pigs. At least
we won't starve."

Major: "No. We aren't going to starve."

Night falls and the couples begin turning in for the night. Clothing is
hung up to dry, minor repairs are carried out on the shelter and the
cast settles in. The shelter is crowded, but sleep quickly overtakes
our tired contestants.

[Night camera shots of people sleeping, of around the encampment.] Lisa
and Myka whisper and cuddle for a while. One of the pigs is caught by
the camera outside, sniffing around the food stores and eating some
garbage - fruit peels.

[Title: DAY TWO.]

Dawn breaks and the Major and Jane are the first to wake. Carefully
stepping over bodies, they leave the shelter and hike to the beach.
There they follow their morning exercise routine for half an hour.
After that, the Major uses a knife to sharpen two sticks, and he and
Jane step out into the water to try catching some fish.

Others waken and step out of the shelter. Peter and Sue are walking
around the shelter and Peter stops to look at the ground. Sam joins
him.

Peter: "Looks like we had visitors last night."

[Camera shot:] On the muddy ground there are small prints made by pigs.
Some chewed fruit peels remain.

Sue: "You think we could catch them?"

Sam: "I bet the Major has an idea how."

Sue: "Where is he and Jane? I didn't see them inside."

Sam: "Trish saw them down by the water trying to spear fish."

Edgar: Exits the shelter rubbing his eyes. "Anyone make the coffee
yet?"

Peter: "You volunteering?"

Edgar: "Uh, I guess so."

Down on the beach, Lisa and Myka are watching the Major and Jane. Jane
jabs her spear into the water and comes up empty. Then the Major lunges
and raises the stick with a small fish wriggling on the end. He moves
to a rock and picks up two other fish, then makes his way to the shore.
Jane gathers her catch and joins him. They have managed together to
catch five rather small fish.

Major: Hands a knife to Jane. "Clean these and bring them to camp."

The Major leaves the three girls, brushing past Lisa on his way. The
two look after him, then sit with Jane who is cutting into a fish.

Lisa: To Jane. "What is it with him? He doesn't say good morning, he
just walks past like we don't even exist." Lisa notices a few marks and
faded bruises on Jane's arms and legs. She touches one with a finger.
"He's hard on you, isn't he? How can you stand to be with someone like
that?"

Jane: "The Major takes care of me and he guides me. He's not a bad
master."

Myka: "And he did help to catch us some breakfast." She takes the
gutted fish down to the water to rinse them off.

The girls return to the camp where a heated argument is in progress.
Edgar, Max and Mark are berating the Major over some comment he's made
to Judith. Max is saying how he saw the Major take some things from the
supplies and put them in his pack.

Jane places the cleaned fish near the food area and goes to the Major.
She hands him the knife.

Major: Taking the knife. "I took this knife, for one thing. It's
perfect for cleaning anything we kill." Moves to hand the closed knife
to Max. "Unless you'd like the job of cleaning what we catch. Jane!
Fetch my pack from the shelter."

Jane runs as fast as her ankle hobble allows to carry out the order.
The men glare at each other while the others stand around nervously.
Jane returns and the Major opens his pack. He pulls out a coil of thin
wire.

Major: "This is the other item I saved. If there are pigs on this
island they are not native to here. I have to assume that they've been
put here by the show's producers for us to try and catch. Ever try to
catch a wild pig, Max? They're pretty fast. If you cut this wire up
into short pieces, it would be good for tying up the supports for the
shelter. But I'm guessing that it would serve better as a snare for
trapping those pigs."

Major: He waits a moment. "Now. If there are no objections, perhaps we
could have some breakfast?"

Brandi: "Look, we are all stuck here for the next three weeks at least.
Can we not try and get along?"

[Murmurs from a few others.]

Sam: "Look, Major, this isn't the Military here. Some of us don't take
to being ordered around too well. You have the skills we need to
survive here and you've been fair in sharing them with us. So lets just
accept each other for who we are, and try to make the best of our time
here. All right?"

Mark: "All right, Sam."

Max: "Yeah."

Major: "Agreed."

Brandi: "So, I guess it's fish with rice for breakfast?"

Some coffee is made and the food is prepared by Brandi, Marsha and
Rusty. Fruit is gathered from the jungle and the group sit around the
camp, eating their morning meal. The mood in the camp finally
brightens. Lisa asks if anyone has checked the tree mail and offers to
go after breakfast. So after the meal, Lisa and Myka head down the
beach with Marsha tagging along.

Lisa and Myka walk naked down the beach with Marsha wearing just a wrap
skirt. Lisa walks slowly so the two bound girls don't have to rush.
The sunlight sparkles on the water and on the chains of the two subs.
The sounds are of the waves breaking on the shore and the gentle
tinkling of the chains. Occasionally, a bird calls out.

The three girls reach a tree that seems partially broken and misshapen,
the main trunk bent at a forty five degree angle and hanging over the
water. Another thick branch hangs low over the beach. A short bamboo
tube is tied to that branch with some rope, and there's a wooden box
standing open underneath, empty. Lisa examines the tube and finds
nothing within.

Lisa: "No mail today."

Myka: "Kent did say he'd see us in two days. I guess we're free today."

Marsha: Fingers her wrist chain. "Relatively speaking."

Lisa: "Let's go for a swim!"

Marsha unhooks her skirt and leaves it under the tree and the girls run
splashing out into the ocean. They swim and frolic separately for a
while, then move together as a group. Lisa and Myka sandwich Marsha in
the middle and they rub breasts together and bump pussies. Together,
they leave the water to spread Marsha's skirt out on the sand under the
mail tree and lay down. There is some touching, then Myka kisses
Marsha on the lips.

Lisa: "Brandi won't be upset with you if we have a little fun, will
she?"

Marsha: "She might be mad cause she missed it."

Myka: "Mmmm. I'm sure there will be other opportunities." She dips her
head and, with her tongue, tentatively touches Marsha's slit. Myka
giggles. "You taste salty there."

Lisa: "Really?" Lisa nestles her face in Myka's pussy and tastes her.
"Wow! That's neat."

[Cue music, something soft and sensual, a slow, jungle rhythm.]

Marsha lays back on the small cloth skirt. Myka is beside her with her
head between Marsha's thighs. Lisa is on hands and knees and has her
face in Myka's crotch. Marsha reaches up to touch Lisa's pussy and
trace a finger through her slit. She takes hold of Lisa's hips to guide
her bum closer to her head, then gives her pussy a lick. The salt water
makes it taste very different. Soon the three girls are writhing in a
tangled heap of flesh and chains.

[Cut to:] The Major and Jane walking down the beach. The Major looks up
and spies the three girls going at it. He stops and stares for a
moment, then turns away.

Major: To the camera. "Damn queers! Look at them. I just seen them
other two, Eddie and Rusty, suckin' each other's bananas back there in
the trees. Lord help me, I'm surrounded by idiots and queers."

[Camera on Jane.] She gives a sly smile at the Major's words, then
turns to follow him.

Back at camp, some of the men are working on the shelter, putting up
walls and strengthening the roof. Other contestants sit around, or are
down on the beach, swimming or laying around. Dinner is postponed until
evening when Sam and Trish try their hands at spearing fish. They come
up with two small ones and one bigger one and the cast enjoy a nice
feast that night. The shelter has been expanded and there is now more
room for everyone. Our contestants pass a restful night.

[Cue commercial.] / [Return.]

[Title: DAY THREE.]

Dawns light: The Major and Jane are doing exercises on the beach. We
see Peter and Sue come and join them to begin doing their own morning
stretching routines. [Camera pans around the group with shots of the
sunrise.] The others rouse themselves and start the day.

[Voiceover.] "Day three on the island. Our contestants have pulled
together to construct themselves a good shelter and they have found
food in the jungle and in the ocean. They are starting to accept each
other and their differences, for they know that at times they are going
to have to rely on one another to survive here."

After breakfast, Colleen and John take a walk to check the mail. Inside
the bamboo tube there's a note which reads:

A deck of cards, if you please.
Hidden in amongst the trees.
Find the most before it's time.
The challenge you win, and all is fine.

Colleen and John hurry back to camp and she reads the note to the
others.

Colleen: "It says for us to meet up the beach after noon. What does it
mean?"

Trish: "Someone can't rhyme?"

Sam: "We search through the jungle and find the cards, I guess."

Sierra: "I saw some crew working about a mile up the beach earlier on.
That must be the place."

Edgar: "Sounds too easy."

Sam: "Yeah. Well, we'll see."

[Cut to:] Kent Brockman, standing before a roped off area of jungle.

The contestants assemble and Kent explains the challenge.

Kent: "This is the site of our first challenge competition. In the
roped off, football field sized area behind me, are hidden twenty six
of a deck of cards. Out on the island there," he points, camera
follows, "are the other twenty six. The submissives will search this
area while the dominants will swim out to the island and search that
area. After twenty minutes, I'll blow this horn, and you'll all
immediately return here with however many cards you've found.

"The five of you, dom or sub, that return with the most cards, that
couple will earn five points. And those five people will be treated to
a hamburger barbecue for dinner tonight. Now, any submissive who
returns without even one card will receive ten lashes by our lovely
disciplinarian, Miss Kate here." Kent gestures to the jungle and Miss
Kate steps out from behind a tree.

Miss Kate is tall and slim, over six feet tall and she's dressed in a
black leather bra and thong panties. She carries a multi strand flogger
in one hand. She bows to the contestants as the subs look on nervously.

Kent: "Her whip is from a sex toy store and isn't as painful as it
looks. Oh, by the way, any dominant who doesn't find any cards will
have his submissive whipped. Any questions?"

Sam: "Will there be beer at the barbecue?"

[Laughter.] Kent: "Yes. Contestants, take your positions."

The submissives line up in front of the roped off area of jungle while
the dominants line up along the shore line. Some of them remove some,
or all, of their clothing in preparation for the swim to the island,
about 200 yards out.

Kent: "Challengers ready? GO!"

The subs duck under the rope and vanish into the trees while the doms
wade into the water and begin swimming to the island.

[Cameras (3) following subs.] The subs start finding the cards on the
ground, sometimes partially covered by leaves or taped to tree trunks
or branches. Trish is seen jumping to try and grab one stuck to a
branch eight feet up. Rusty has wedged himself between some fallen logs
to retrieve one. Judith has two, Sue, three. Marsha has yet to find
one.

[Cameras (2) on the island, (1) in boat, underwater.] Sam, Peter and
Max reach the island first followed by Eddie and Colleen. The Major is
next, followed by the others. Edgar is the last to reach shore. Several
cards are simply stuck in the sand around where the doms arrive and are
soon taken. The group scatters across the tiny island. Soon, Lisa has
three cards, Max and Peter have four. The horn sounds with all of the
Doms holding at least one card.

The subs make their way back to the beach while the doms swim back.
They discover that it's difficult swimming and holding on to the cards
at the same time. Max loses one. Edgar, who is not a strong swimmer,
takes in water and starts choking. In his panic he loses hold of his
two cards. He thrashes around and dips under the surface and is forced
to return to the starting point empty handed.

Back on the beach the count is tallied up. Of the subs, it is Marsha
who was unable to find any of the cards. Edgar is the other loser.

Kent: "We have our five winners. They are Eddie with five, Sam, Peter
and Myka with four, and Jane, who found three but was the quickest to
return here. Now I'll need Marsha, and, because Edgar has returned with
no cards, Judith. Could you both step forward?"

The subs gather around the two girls chosen for the punishment and wish
them an easy time. Nervously, Marsha and Judith move towards Kent, and
Miss Kate, standing beside him.

Kent: "You all did very well today. Our challenge winners can go up the
beach for your barbecue while the rest of you may head on back to
camp." He takes the hands of the two losers and hands them over to
Kate.

After the other challengers have left, Kate takes the two girls over to
one of the trees and has them stand facing it. Marsha looks worried and
Judith looks downright scared. Standing on a box, Miss Kate lifts
Judith's hands up over her head by her wrist chain and then nails the
middle link of the chain to the tree trunk with a large spike. She does
the same with Marsha's chain and then steps off the box and moves it to
one side.

Kate: "Ok girls. For failing so miserably at the challenge, it is
ordered that you both receive ten lashes with this whip here."

Judith: "But I had three cards! It was that worm Edgar who. . . ."

Kate: "Silence! Does your master let you talk back like that?"

Judith: "He's not my. . . I mean, he is. . . he. . . ."

Kate: "Quiet, girl. You will take your punishment."

With that, Miss Kate brings back her arm and lets fly with a hard
stroke from the flogger across Judith's back. Judith stiffens and yells
at the blow, but the pain from the soft suede leather strips isn't as
bad as she had expected. The skin where the flogger has struck quickly
turns a brighter shade of red. Judith begins to settle and Kate swings
again. Judith yells again and twists at the ends of her wrist chain,
hopping from one foot to the other with her ankle hobble snapping tight
each time. Kate moves to the side and lets fly a wicked stroke that
lands squarely across the ass of Marsha.

Marsha and Brandi have experimented with whips and such before, so she
knew approximately what to expect. The many strands of the flogger
cover a wide area of skin, softening the force of the blow somewhat.
It wasn't the kind of stinging pain from a cane or a wood paddle, it
was more a sharp spreading pain. Something like spanking from a large,
soft hand. Marsha receives another lash across her back and, as the
hurt began to warm her, she feels it's effects growing in other areas.
She feels her cunt muscles tighten and her clit give a slight twitch.

Miss Kate alternates with another two lashes to Judith and then two
more to Marsha. It takes seven blows before Judith stops yelling and
writhing, and starts to allow the strange new sensations her tingling
skin is giving her to register in her brain. Judith doesn't understand
anything about endorphins, but as her body begins to pump those
wondrous pain killing hormones through her, she starts to feel much
better. The next blow doesn't seem to hurt as much and she starts
thinking more about how hot she must look, with her hands pulled high
over her head and those strands of leather snaking around her back and
bum. Judith starts to feel really horny.

Marsha too starts getting very wet down there and she can feel the
tightness of her nipples as they stiffen. At the next blow she rubs her
chest back and forth against the tree trunk. The bark is smooth and
feels a bit slippery, nice, against her two throbbing buds.

Soon enough, it is over. Miss Kate puts down her whip and moves the box
closer to the tree. With the hammer, she pulls out the two spikes that
hold the girls chains to the tree and she declares the punishment
session finished.

Kate: "Ok girls. You both handled that very well. You can return to the
camp now. A swim in the ocean might help to relieve some of the pain
though."

Marsha looks at Judith's back and she does the same. Both girls look
like they have a major case of sunburn on their backs and bums.

Marsha: "Come on, Jude. Let's go for a swim."

Judith: "Yeah. Ok."

The two girls move to the water and walk out into the surf. [Camera
follows.] They walk out waist deep then roll over onto their backs and
swim a bit. They stand together, neck deep.

Judith: "I've never had anything like that happen to me before."

Marsha: "Brandi and I have played a bit, but not like that. It wasn't
so bad, was it?"

Judith: "At first it was, but then it started to feel almost nice.
Hardly hurts at all now. The water feels good."

Marsha gently strokes Jude's back with her hand. She moves her hand
down further to softly caress Jude's bum.

Judith: "Marsha, don't. I've never been with a woman before."

Marsha: "Well this is a day of firsts for you, isn't it."

As the two girls embrace and kiss, the camera moves back. [Teli shot
from beach.] The embrace becomes passionate as the girls begin to make
love in the water. [Music is heard in the background.]

[Cut to:] The winners party, further up the beach. Music plays from a
small stereo. There's burgers on the "barbi" and the beer flows freely.
Peter goes to the cooler and gets a beer. He opens it and takes a long
pull. Seeing Jane, he moves to sit by her.

Peter: "Would you like one?"

Jane: "No thank you, Sir. My master doesn't allow me alcohol."

Peter: "The Major's not here, and I don't think anyone's going to tell
on you. Here," hands her his bottle, "take a sip."

Jane: Her eyes dart around, then center on the beer bottle. She takes
the beer and has a drink, then hands the bottle back. "Thank you, Sir."

Peter: "It must be difficult for you, living under someone like that."

Jane: "The Major takes care of me and he guides me, Sir. He is not a
bad master."

[Cut to:] Kent serves up some burgers from the barbecue and passes them
to the group sitting in a circle. He sits down and the men watch Myka,
who seems very drunk, doing a slow, sensuous dance. Her cuffs and
chains do not impede her much as she bends and turns slowly. Her
dancing is not quite in time with the music that is playing, but no one
seems to mind. [Slow camera pan around behind the group. Close up of
Myka. Pan up and down her body. Fade to black.]

[Go commercial.] / [Return.]

[Evening, surviver camp.] The rest of the group gathers for the evening
meal. No fish tonight, John and Colleen serve up rice and beans. Brandi
comforts Marsha, and Judith sits apart from the group with Edgar. The
two speak in hushed whispers.

Edgar: "I got a lung full of water and I was choking. What, I should
have drowned out there?"

Judith: "Maybe."

Edgar: "Oh, right. That would have made good TV."

Judith: Spoken sharply. "Don't worry, Eddie boy. What I went through
should boost the old ratings."

Edgar: "Look. We came here to win the Million. Let's not forget that."

Judith: "Yeah, right. We're off to a flying start."

Edgar: Takes her hand in his. "Baby, I'm sorry. I won't let it happen
again. Promise."

Judith looks at Edgar for a moment. She begins to smile, then looks
down.

Later on, at dusk, a vehicle drives down the beach and drops off the
challenge winners. Except for Jane, they are all very drunk and they
stagger through the jungle to the shelter. Kilpatrick meets with his
submissive and looks her over.

Major: "You've been drinking?"

Jane: "I. . . I had a few sips of the beer, Sir."

The Major suspects that Jane had more than a few sips but, after a
pause, he decides to let it slide. 

Major: "Good work this afternoon, Private. Prepare my tea and then hit
the sack. Dismissed."

Jane: "Thank you, Sir."

A few at a time, the couples move into the shelter and get ready for
bed. Eddie, Sam, and Edgar, have remained up and are sitting on the
beach by the fire.

Sam: To Edgar. "How's Jude. She Ok?"

Edgar: "She's all right. That was stupid of me, loosing that challenge.
I never could swim very well."

Sam: "Yeah, it was bad luck, that's all." Pause. "Look, maybe you
should practice a bit. With water all around us there's bound to be
more swimming challenges."

Edgar: "Yes, that's not a bad idea. Thanks, Sam."

[Night cam, inside the shelter.] Marsha and Brandi, Lisa and Myka are
cuddled together in one corner, touching and whispering. To one side
lays Judith, watching them. Judith's hand idly rubs her still slightly
sore bum. Her other hand is between her thighs.

[Title: DAY FOUR.]

Dawn on the beach. The Major and Jane do their exercise routine with
Peter and Sue. In a while, Edgar walks down the beach. He takes one of
the spears and steps out into the water. Edgar swims out to a shallow
rocky area. There he crouches on a rock and waits. The others watch
him.

A few more people have gathered on the beach when suddenly Edgar lunges
into the water with the spear. He comes up hefting a large fish on the
stick. Max runs down into the water to help Edgar land his catch. They
bring the fish up the beach to where the Major is standing. The Major
takes out his knife and holds it out to Max. Max looks at it.

Max: "Uh, Major, I've never cleaned a fish before. Perhaps you could
show me how?"

Major: Pauses a moment. "All right. Watch."

The Major makes short work of the fish and he flings the fins and guts
out to some sea gulls that have gathered. Back at the shelter, a fire
is made and the fish is wrapped in some wet leaves and cooked. A
delicious breakfast is soon ready.

After they have eaten, Lisa and Brandi walk to the mail tree. Inside
the tube they find the next challenge.

Brandi: "Marsha tells me she had fun with you and Myka here the other
day."

Lisa: "She said you wouldn't mind. It doesn't bother you, does it?"

Brandi: "No. I'm just sorry I missed it."

Lisa: "That's what Marsha said. Would you like a quick swim before we
go back?"

Brandi: "I thought you'd never ask!"

The two girls head out into the water for a bit of rubbing against each
others thighs, then they go back to camp. There, Lisa reads the
challenge announcement to the assembled group.

A length of rope and what you can find
Tie your sub tight in front or behind
Make it pretty, nice and tight
Win the challenge if you do it right.

Colleen: "Well at least their poetry is improving."

Judith: "We're already chained up. What's the rope for?"

Max: "Japanese bondage, I bet. You all must have seen pictures of it."

Rusty: "Sure. My previous Master use to be very good at it."

Max: "You use the rope as paint and your sub as the canvass. It's an
art form, and I've seen pictures that took my breath away they're so
beautiful. Sierra and I tried it a little but I wasn't very good at
it."

Sierra: "And what you can find. What's that mean?"

Rusty: "Maybe some wood or bamboo, maybe a tree or something. Bill did
a suspension with me once that was actually quite comfortable."

Judith: "Oh great. Now I'm going to get hung up in a tree!"

The group has a quick lunch and then head through the jungle. They
follow a marked trail to a large clear area. On a tarp in the middle is
placed ten coils of blue and white coloured nylon rope. Kent is there,
along with Miss Kate and Brent Hastings.

Kent: "Good afternoon. You all know our challenge designer, Mr. Brent
Hastings. He, myself and Miss Kate will be judging today's competition
and will be here if you require any assistance with the challenge.

"This challenge is for points. For the winning couple, fifteen points.
Second place is ten and the third place winners receive five. As some
of you have correctly guessed, the challenge involves rope bondage.

"Before you, are ten coils of three eighths inch thick nylon rope.
Each length is fifty feet long. The dominants are to tie their
submissives up in whatever way they see fit, using all of the length of
rope, and without cutting it into pieces. The tie must be secure and
should be relatively comfortable for your sub to endure. You can use
other items, such as lengths of bamboo, and you may use any of the
trees around us in some way as an anchor point or for a suspension tie.

"Any suspension ties must be both safe and secure. Any of the
traditional form of Japanese Bondage ties shall be judged on their
artistic merits, and with all your ties, they must use the entire
length of the rope provided. Neatness, secureness, and safety count,
folks. You have one hour to plan out and complete your tie. Myself,
Kate, and Brent will be available if you need something held or lifted,
but we cannot advise you or help out in any other way.

"Everybody clear on these instructions?"

Edgar: "Can we use items from anywhere, other than just around here?"

Kent: "If you can retrieve them in the alloted time, yes. Any other
questions?"

Judith: "Can these cuffs and chains come off?"

Kent: "Definitely not. Sorry. But feel free to incorporate them in your
bondage ties."

Kent: He looks around, there are no more questions. "All right then."
Looks at watch. "It's 2:15. You have one hour. Go!"

The doms move to the tarp and they each pick out a coil of rope. Mark
also picks up the canvass tarp, which is about six feet by eight. The
couples separate to spots within the clearing. They begin to talk about
the type of tie they'd like to do and they experiment with the rope to
gauge the feel of it.

[Brent steps up to the camera with a length of rope.] "The rope I've
chosen for this challenge is made from nylon strands, twisted and
braided, and is easier to work with than some of the other types.
You'll notice the silver tape on each end." Shows end to camera. "A bit
of tape prevents fraying and works better than melting the end. It
leaves the end softer so it doesn't hurt if the submissive gets
accidentally whipped with it as you're tying a knot.

"True Japanese bondage generally uses a jute or hemp type of rope. This
nylon rope is better for novices to work with though. The rope I've
chosen is coloured to make it easier for you at home to see how the
ties are accomplished." Looks at contestants. "Let's see how our
couples are making out."

Edgar is going through a pile of bamboo poles and he looks at one,
rejects it, and takes another. He sees Sam searching for a pole as
well, and he nudges the one he didn't choose towards him. Sam picks up
that pole and goes back to Trish.

Mark is wrapping his sub, Nadine, from head to toe in the canvass tarp
he'd picked up. It looks like he's doing a mummy wrap with it and the
rope. The Major has his sub, Jane, step through her wrist chain so her
hands are behind her. He begins to lash her wrists together with her
arms folded upwards behind her, her palms together in a prayer
position. 

Peter also is doing a close mummy type wrap, using just the rope, and
wrapping it around Sue's body and arms. Her wrist chain crosses her
waist behind her. Eddie has a thick pole up between two trees and he's
testing it with his weight. He takes the pole down and has Rusty sit on
the ground beside it.

Lisa: To Brent. "Does the entire length have to be in contact with the
submissive, Sir?"

Brent: Loud enough so the others hear. "Any free standing ties have to
have all the rope used on the sub. You may use some of the rope as a
tether if you wish, but only as much length as is strictly necessary."

Lisa has Myka kneel down beside a tree with her hands behind her, under
a tree branch about six feet high. She begins by binding one of Myka's
ankles to her thigh and then takes the rope around her waist twice,
then through her crotch twice. Lisa pulls the crotch ropes up tight and
ties them off. Then, she does the other ankle to thigh tie. Lisa does
a loose wrap of Myks's body and realises that she's made a mistake.
From the first ankle tie the rope goes up once, but from the second,
the rope goes down and then back up. She curses as she loosens the
ropes to begin again.

Edgar has Judith standing before the laid out bamboo pole. He's doing a
classic body tie, weaving the rope around her breasts and waist and
placing knots in a neat row down her front. She steps through her wrist
chain so Edgar can lash her forearms behind her back to her waist rope.
He'd started with the center of the rope draped over her shoulders, and
he checks the ends and finds they've remained fairly even. Taking the
ropes hanging at her bum, he winds them in a spiral down her two legs.
Then he helps her to lay down on her back and bound arms, with her
ankles hooked over the pole. He spreads her feet apart along the bamboo
pole, to the limits of her ankle hobble.

Colleen has John's legs lashed tightly together at his ankles, below,
and above his knees. She's winding the rope around his balls and cock.
Then, when his genitals are nicely wrapped in rope, she continues
around his waist, then through his crotch to his scrotum rope. Through
that and then up to the waist, a loop there and then up around his
chest. She makes three rings of rope around his chest, from waist to
under his armpits, then has him sit down. Colleen has John raise his
arms straight up and she ties his upper arms to a rope around his head
and through his mouth. She ties another loop around his arms and his
forehead. She then lashes his lower arms together and his wrists
together. Then, using up the last few feet of rope, she ties each
finger of one hand to the other. She helps him stand up.

Lisa now has her tie back together, with Myka kneeling and ankles tied
to thighs. She's done the classic body harness tie with Myka's forearms
tied parallel to her waist rope. Lisa has about seven feet of rope left
at Myka's head and she begins braiding the girl's hair up with the
rope. Reaching the end, she ties the rope-hair braid to the overhead
tree branch and pulls it up tight.

The Major has Jane on her stomach and her arms are tightly folded up
behind her. He has her legs drawn back and her ankles tied closely to
her elbows. Jane has to arch her back painfully to accommodate this
tie. The Major still has quite a bit of rope left and is lashing her
legs together. Finally, he picks up his sub and carries her over to a
tree, then ties the rope leading from around her two big toes to the
tree trunk.

At the appointed time, Kent sounds the air horn. All of the ties are
completed with a few doms just making small adjustments, spacing out
the ropes and such. At the sound of the horn, they all step away from
their submissives.

[Slow camera pan around the bound submissives, then, cut into
closeups.]

The sight of that clearing, with the ten bound submissives, is truly
something to behold. Around the perimeter are the subs lashed to trees,
or suspended from poles hung up in trees, and in the center are the
ones tied in a free standing pose. The judges move slowly from one to
the other, looking, measuring rope spacing sometimes, and testing the
fit and tightness.

Judith is hung upside down by her spaced apart ankles from a bamboo
pole between two trees. Edgar has placed a large purple flower into her
open pussy. Rusty is suspended sideways along a horizontal pole. He's
lashed to it from the big toe of one foot, all along his leg and body,
and right up his arm up over his head to the fingertips of his hand.
His other leg and arm remain free, held up loosely at the ends of his
wrist and ankle cuff chains.

Jane tries not to squirm as she's judged, but the strict hog tie has
her in much distress. She has her face pressed to the ground and she is
clenching her jaw against the pain she's in. Myka kneels proudly, and
holds still, as Lisa's tie is judged. Her head is held up tight against
the pull on her hair. 

Sam has used a pole through his sub Trish's hogtie like she'd be ready
to place over the fire for cooking. She's lashed to it from her
forehead to her knees, with her hands and feet tied around it. He had
wanted to suspend her from the trees, but he'd discovered, too late,
that the pole he took had a serious weak spot near the center. As the
judges looked over his work, he hopes that they don't try and lift
Trish up with it.

Mark has Nadine wrapped from her nose to her toes in the canvass tarp
and the rope is tied, evenly spaced, up and down her body and legs. It
took him a while to get the tarp wrapped properly so there were no
creases in it. Even so, Kate takes note of some bagginess at the
ankles. Colleen's tie, with John's cock wrapped so prettily, brings a
giggle from Kate. This attention causes it to lose some of it's
stiffness and the coils around it slip a bit.

Peter's sub Sue is tied in the classic pose, standing inside a webbing
of rope. She stands easily as the judges examine the work. Her breasts
are wrapped, and push out proudly through the loops of rope. Her crotch
is open slightly because Peter has spaced out the leg cinches with many
turns of rope in the middle of each. At the bottom, her feet are spread
to half the limit of her ankle hobble. Brent measures this. Sue's arms
are straight down behind her, lashed parallel with her elbows touching.
Her hair hangs under her arms and is also tied in with them, forcing
her to look straight ahead. The camera catches a moment during the
judging when her eyes flicker towards Peter, and she flashes him a
grin. Miss Kate also catches this brief exchange.

Max has Sierra tied to a thin tree, standing up. Her wrists and her
ankles are tied together behind the tree, her chains just the right
length to allow this. Marsha lays on her side, tied with her arms bound
to her back, a tight crotch rope, and the rest of the rope coiled
around one leg. From her ankle, the rope goes to a tree branch about
five feet up. Both her feet are pulled up off the ground, by the rope,
and her ankle chain.

Once the judging is finished, Kent addresses the group.

Kent: "Ok, doms, you may release your captives."

The three judges help with lowering the suspended subs, then move to
the side to compare notes. A few of the subs cannot stand after being
untied, notably Jane, who was in one of the more stricter ties. She
sits after being released, and tries to rub the feelings back into her
arms and legs. Myka's legs are also numb from her kneeling on them, and
Lisa helps her to stretch, and rubs them for her. Nadine's body is
covered in sweat from being wrapped tightly in the tarp.

Kent: "Ok folks. I have the results. I must say though, that you've all
done very well today and it was difficult to pick the winners. 

"In first place, with fifteen points, is the couple of Edgar and
Judith. The flower was a nice touch, Edgar, and Kate is a softie for
things like that.

"In second place is Peter and Sue. A well executed, classic tie, Peter.
And third, for five points, Lisa and Myka! Nice use of the hair, Lisa."

Kent: Waits for the winners to quiet down. "All right everyone, you can
head back to camp now."

[Cue music.] As the couples leave the clearing and head back to camp,
the theme music plays.

[Roll credits.]  [Split screen with credits, show points totals]

Peter and Sue          15
Edgar and Judith       15
Lisa and Myka          10
Sam and Trish           5
The Major and Jane      5
Eddie and Rusty         5
Brandi and Marsha       0
Colleen and John        0
Mark and Nadine         0
Max and Sierra          0


[END Episode  1.]

"Next time on Surviver:" "Tensions flare up once again." [Clip of Max,
lunging at Sierra. Max, arguing with Sam. Clip of the Major as he grabs
Jane's neck ring.] "And the group wins a new roof for the shelter."
[Clip of Sam and Mark putting a big blue tarp over the shelter.]

 - End of file -






  Episode  2.         SURVIVER           (C) dino 2001

[Start.]

[Voiceover and show scenes of island.] "Twenty people, ten dominant -
submissive couples, stranded on a tiny south seas island. Every three
days the couples will have to compete against each other in two
challenge competitions, for rewards, and for points. At the end of
twenty days, the five couples with the fewest number of points will
have to leave the island, while the rest will continue on for another
twenty days. In the end, the couple with the highest number of points
will be declared the winner, and will walk away with One Million
Dollars."

"Last time on Surviver:" [Run clips as the host, Kent, speaks.]

Kent: "Four days ago our survivers were dropped off on this island with
only a few crates of food and some basic tools. Right from the start
the dominants began arguing over what should be done first. It was the
no nonsense approach of the retired Marine Major, Edwin Kilpatrick,
that got the group organised. Although rough, and often abrasive, the
others began to see that the Major's training and his survival skills
will go a long way to ease the discomforts of living here.

"After two days the contestants faced their first challenge, finding
playing cards in the jungle. For the winners, five points and a
hamburger barbecue on the beach." [Show scenes of barbecue.] "For the
losers, something a bit more unpleasant." [Show scenes of girls getting
whipped.]

"Day four brought the first points only challenge, a rope tying
contest. Edgar and Judith, who'd gotten off to a bad start in the first
competition, were the big winners with this classic ankle suspension
tie. [Show scenes from challenge. Cut to score chart.] "Edgar and Peter
are tied with fifteen points each. Lisa has ten, and a few of the
others have five. Stay with us, as our couples move another step closer
to winning our grand prize."

[Run Opening Title Sequence.]  [Episode Intro Sequence: 65 seconds.]

05 seconds -     Airport: small plane taking off - classic over the
camera shot.

12 seconds -     Small plane flying over water - slow zoom to cockpit -
jungle drums begin building.

17 second sequence - ahead view, flying low over water. Plane banks
left, island comes into view as title music breaks in and dialogue
begins (see below). Pull up, camera tilts down, show fly over of
island, trees etc.

20 second sequence - show cast: head shots, 2 seconds each couple,
background is island shore as plane flies past.

11 seconds -     Night view of beach from point offshore: fast zoom in
to bonfire, chained submissives dancing around it. Expand title and
logo. Hold for 5 seconds.

Fade to black.

Intro Dialogue:

Island fly over: "Ten couples, stranded on a tiny south seas island,
forced to fend for themselves. Every three days the couples must
compete in two challenges, for rewards, and for points that will lead
to one of our couples winning a grand prize of One Million Dollars."

Show cast: "Within each of these couples, one person is in control
while the other person submits to that control. One is dominant while
the other is submissive. Each submissive is fitted with wrist and ankle
cuffs and chains which will hamper their movements, and which shall be
worn by them at all times while on the island."

Night view: "In the end, one couple will walk away as the sole
survivers."

[End episode intro.]


[Title: Evening of Day Four.]

Kent: Voiceover. "After the rope tying challenge, our contestants do a
bit of celebrating."

Peter and Sam make a big bonfire down on the beach and, after dinner,
the couples spend some time swimming or sitting and chatting. Later on
that evening, some of the girls, notably Myka and Marsha, dance around
the fire for the entertainment of the others.

[Isolation shot of Edgar and Judith.] Judith is happier looking than
she has been since coming to the island. The two are sitting on a log,
laughing and talking.

[Iso shot of Sam and Trish.] Trish: "I'd never would have expected
Judith to take to that ankle suspension tie Edgar put her in, but she
seemed to almost enjoy it. After the first challenge, when she got the
whipping, I thought she'd be miserable here. But I think that 
experience might have opened a door for her and allowed her let go and
start to enjoy herself."

Sam: "We all knew what to expect going into this contest. Edgar and
Judith don't seem like the sort of people that are into this kind of
thing. I guess you just never know about the things people like to do."

[Shot of the four girls, Brandi and Marsha, Lisa and Myka, cuddled
together on a blanket.] The Major sits with Jane, a little ways away.

Major: "Them girls are getting on my nerves." He nods to the four girls
who have now covered themselves with the blanket and are giggling
underneath it. "It ain't natural for them to be kissing and touching
each other like that. I fought in three wars to keep our country strong
and free, and this is what people choose to do? It ain't natural."

The Major looks down at his sub, Jane, and sees her smirking.

Major: "Find something funny, Private?"

Jane: "No Sir."

One by one, the couples leave the fire to head up to the shelter. Max
and Mark are the last ones to leave the beach and, at the shelter, Max
turns off to hit the latrine.

Mark: "Night, Max."

Max: "Good night, Mark."

[Title: DAY FIVE.]

[Dawn's light filters through the gloom of a tropical downpour. A
remote camera mounted high inside the shelter pans around the room.]
The couples are sleeping in late this morning.

A few of the contestants begin to stir, mostly because they're getting
dripped on. The Major and Jane get up and go outside in the rain. They
head down to the beach for their morning exercises. The rain finally
lets up and the sun peaks out from behind the thick cloud cover. [Slow
dissolve sequence, the Major and Jane, the sunrise, the ocean.]

Back at camp, Max is trying to get a fire going but everything is wet.
He is sawing the bow back and forth while his sub, Sierra, is holding
a piece of wood down on the spinning stick. There's a bit of smoke, but
no fire. Edgar is standing by, watching.

Edgar: "The wood's too wet. It's not going to catch."

Max: Frantically moving the bow. "I've almost got it."

Sierra: "Let's find something that's a bit more dry."

Max: "It's coming."

The Major and Jane return to the camp. He glances at Max and tells him
that his wood's too wet. Sierra relaxes her hold a little on the top
piece of wood and the stick slips out from between. Max loses his
balance and lands on his ass in the mud.

Max: To Sierra. "What the hell are you doing? I told you to press down
hard!"

Sierra: "It's not working, Max. Let's look for something dry."

Max: "God damnit!" Max leaps up and grabs Sierra by the arm, hauling
her to her feet. "I almost had it! Can't you even hold a stick right?"

Max brings back his hand to slap Sierra, and Peter, who's just come out
of the shelter, grabs Max's arm before he can hit her. Max wheels
around to face Peter. Max feels the other man's vice like grip on his
arm and takes note of his muscular arms and chest. Peter stares at Max
with cold eyes and Max's voice rises slightly in pitch as he speaks.

Max: "What the hell are you doing? I have a right to discipline my
submissive."

Peter: He pauses a beat. "True dominants don't lash out when they are
angry. If I feel the need to discipline Sue, I'll take her out into the
woods later on, in private. Not here in front of everyone. And not
until after I've calmed down. There's a fine line between correction
and abuse, and I won't stand by to see it crossed by you, or anyone
else. Ok?"

Max: After a pause. "Fine! Start you're own fucking fire!" Max stomps
off into the jungle.

The Major walks past Peter carrying a roll of toilet paper. He unwinds
some and hands it to him. 

Major: "There might still be some smoldering coals in the fire pit on
the beach. I gotta go take a shit."

Peter goes to check the fire pit while Colleen, Sam, and a few others,
gather around Sierra.

Sam: "Are you Ok, Sierra?"

Sierra: "Yeah. I'm Ok."

Colleen reaches out and touches Sierra's arm. Trish puts her arm
lightly on the girl's shoulders. Sierra moves to hug Trish but her
wrist chain stops her. She lifts her hands to let the chain fall over
Trish's head and she gives Trish a hug.

Sierra: "It's Ok. Really."

[Peter, on the beach.] Peter has dug through the ashes of last night's
bonfire and has found a few, still burning coals. Using some bark and
the toilet paper, he soon has a fire going. He lights a bundle of
sticks and the camera follows him as he carries the fire back to camp.

Some of the girls get busy making the morning coffee and some rice. Max
returns with some fruit he's found in the jungle. The group sits and
eats.

Most of the contestants begin the day by swimming and relaxing on the
beach. Some work is done on the shelter, fixing leaks in the roof, and
a few of the couples weave sleeping mats from palm leaves. 

Mark and Nadine offer to check the mail, so they take a walk down the
beach in the bright morning sunlight.

Nadine: "It really is pretty here, isn't it."

Mark: "A person could get use to living someplace like this."

At the mail tree Mark reaches into the bamboo tube. There's a small
scrap of paper with the standings in the points challenges, and
another, announcing a luncheon.

Mark: "Listen to this, Nadine:

"Challengers: You are all invited to High Tea, in a tent South of the
mail tree, for a light luncheon. Today, at noon."

Nadine: "Wow!"

Back at camp, Sam is sitting with the Major.

Sam: To the Major. The two men are sitting on a log on the beach.
"Should we be trying to catch a pig for supper?"

Major: "I don't know how many there are. Judging from the tracks, I
suspect there are only three or four. We should be eating the food we
have and maybe catching some fish first. A pig will make a pretty big
meal and we don't have any way of keeping leftovers."

Sam: "Yeah, that makes sense. We can't depend on getting more food when
our supplies run out."

Mark and Nadine return with the mail and they sit with Sam and the
Major. A few other contestants gather around. Mark reads the
announcement about the free lunch.

Sam: "Wow! Looks like we won't be starved out here after all."

An hour before noon, the group starts out for the site of the luncheon,
a wide patch of beach about a half mile South of the mail tree. All of
the dominants and many of the subs have dressed for the occasion in
whatever clothing they have available.

A large, open tent has been set up between two big palm trees. Kent is
standing in the entrance, and over it, is a sign that reads, "Formal
Diningroom".

Kent warmly greets each couple as they enter the tent. Inside, a tarp
covers the sand and a thick carpet is set over that. In the middle of
the carpet is a long table with eleven chairs around it. Another long
table is set up to one side and holds plates, cups, and napkins, forks
and spoons. The tables both have white tablecloths.

Two young women are busy getting trays of food out from a cooler and
setting them upon the serving table. Both of the women wear simple wrap
dresses like the ones the submissives were given. They carry out their
duties with a swift and easy grace that comes from doing such work
often.

The couples move towards the table to watch as the two serving girls
uncover and set up the meal. There are three trays piled high with
small sandwiches and two more trays loaded with dainty sweet cakes and
biscuits. There is a big pot of coffee and two pots full of tea.

Many of the dominants notice that as the girls set the table, they keep
their heads down and their eyes on their tasks. But mostly, the
contestants are eager to tuck into the meal since it's been five days
since they've had any really decent food. The two serving girls finish
laying out the food and removing the covers from the trays. Then they
quietly leave the dining tent by the back.

Kent: "Ladies and gentlemen. Please, help yourselves."

The Major tells his sub, Jane to fix him a plate of food and he goes to
the table to sit. Peter asks Sue to bring him something and he goes to
sit with the Major. Sam pours himself a coffee while Trish takes a
plate and begins picking out sandwiches.

Peter: Quietly, to the Major. "Well. What do you think of this?"

Sam and Max join the two doms at the table. Max has a sandwich in one
hand and a coffee in the other. They sit on either side of Peter and
the Major.

Major: "I'm not sure, Peter. We are suppose to be surviving on our own
out here. Yet here we are, sitting down to a nice meal."

Jane places a plate of sandwiches down in front the Major and she hands
him a cup of tea. Jane stands for several minutes to be sure he will
not need anything else, then she returns to the table for her own food.
Sue also hands Peter a plate and then, seeing that the chairs around
him are occupied, she kneels on the soft carpet beside his seat.

Rusty is holding two plates as Eddie picks out some sandwiches for the
two of them. Eddie takes his plate from Rusty and he goes to the end of
the serving table for some tea. Judith and Edgar have their food and
they take seats at one end of the table, across from the Major and Sam.

Edgar: "This is a nice change from rice and beans."

Sam: "We were just talking about that."

Peter: "Seems a bit out of place, no?"

Judith: "What do you mean?"

Sam: "Why just give us a nice meal?"

Colleen sits down beside Edgar and she glances up when John places her
plate of food before her.

Colleen: "Tea, John. Where's my tea?"

John: "Sorry, mistress. I'll be right back."

Colleen: She rolls her eyes. "It's so hard to find a good sub."

Kent, who has been chatting with Lisa and Myka who are sitting together
on the carpet to the side, comes and sits at the table beside Sam.
Brandi and Marsha join Lisa and her sub on the carpet. Trish hands Sam
a plate of sandwiches and then, seeing Sue kneeling beside Peter, she
settles on the rug beside Sam's chair.

Kent: "So. How's everyone doing so far?"

Sam: "We could have used this tent last night, Kent. Our shelter leaked
pretty bad in the rainstorm."

Kent: "It rains pretty much every day in this part of the world. In one
of the upcoming reward challenges, you may be able to win something
that could come in handy."

Major: "So from time to time we will be getting things to help us
along?"

Kent: "While the challenges are mostly always for points, there will be
rewards attached at times. Sometimes, for a successful completion by
everyone."

Judith: "So we're not just dumped out here and left to fend for
ourselves?"

Kent: "You all will have to do for yourselves, but we will make it
possible for you to win things to make surviving here a bit easier."

Major: "Any clues as to the nature of tomorrow's challenge, Kent?"

Kent: "Sorry, Major. That's on a need to know basis."

Kent watches as Peter's hand strays down to Sue's mouth with a morsel
of tuna sandwich. The tip of her tongue gently touches his thumb as she
takes the food into her mouth. Sue glances up to see Kent watching her
and she gives him a shy smile.

John sets a cup of tea before Colleen. She doesn't look at him but
continues talking with Edgar. John leaves his mistress's side to get
some food for himself. Then, seeing Jane sitting alone along the side
of the tent, he goes to sit with her.

Nadine sees that Mark's coffee cup is empty and she gets up from the
table to refill it. After she has refilled the cup, she notices both
Trish and Sue on their knees beside their dom's chairs and being fed
portions of sandwiches by them. Nadine watches the two couples for a
moment. Kent passes by her and stops.

Kent: To Nadine. "Lovely, isn't it. To see a person fall so easily into
their place. To allow their submissive nature to shine through for all
who care to see."

Nadine: She glances at Kent, then looks downward. "I sometimes wish
that Mark would take more of a dominant stand with me. He says that he
loves me too much to have me degrade myself so."

The two watch as Sue rises to her feet to remove the empty plate from
before her dom. Peter's arm slips around Sue's waist and she bends to
receive a kiss on the tip of her nose. With a soft pat on the bum, he
releases her. Kent nods his head in their direction.

Kent: Softly to Nadine. "Does Sue lower herself by placing Peter above
her? Does Peter debase Sue by having her kneel beside him? Or, is it
more each one giving that, which the other wishes?"

Kent takes a plate and places a few sweets on it. He hands the plate to
Nadine.

Kent: "Go, Nadine. Your master awaits."

Nadine returns to Mark at the table and she puts the coffee and the
plate of cakes down before him. She glances at the chair she was
sitting on before, then she lowers herself on her knees beside Mark's
chair. Nadine places her hands together on her dom's leg.

Mark, who had been talking with Max, turns to see his wife on her knees
beside him. He brings his hand around to pet her head and then returns
his attention to Max. Mark's hand slips down Nadine's head and he idly
scratches gently behind her ear.

Jane and Rusty sit together at the side of the tent. Both of the subs
are quietly eating their meal while keeping an eye on their masters, in
case they need anything. Rusty serves his master for the sheer joy of
doing so. Jane does it out of fear of having the Major become
displeased with her. Rusty glances at the girl a few times.

Rusty: To Jane. "How long have you been with the Major, Jane?"

Jane: She hesitates a moment. "About two years now."

Rusty: "Is he," Rusty's voice drops slightly. "strict with you?"

Jane: Softly. "He can be at times. Yes."

Rusty: "The man I lived with before Eddie was too. It was only rarely
that he'd use physical punishment on me, but I would always know my
place whenever he was around. I sometimes wish that Eddie would take a
firmer hand with me, but I never really give him reason to."

Jane: She stands. "I've found it's best not to upset the Major."

Jane goes to the serving table and takes a plate. She picks out a few
sweets and cookies, then brings the plate to the table. Trying not to
disturb the Major, she lifts the empty plate in front of him to set
down the dessert plate. She stands to one side for a few moments, but
her dom ignores her. The Major picks up one of the cakes and begins
eating it. Jane leaves the main table to get her own dessert.

Rusty gets a coffee and some sweets for his dom. Sierra, who has been
standing around the serving table discreetly stuffing herself, takes a
cup of tea and sits down beside Max. Max looks at her, sees the tea,
and gets up to get himself something to drink.

Lisa and Brandi and their subs are sitting cross legged on the rug to
one side of the main table. They are chatting together and, from time
to time, one of the girls will get up to go to the serving table and
bring back some food or drinks for the others. Kent moves toward the
group and sits on the carpet with them.

Kent: "Hello, ladies. Are you enjoying the lunch?"

Myka: "Yes, thank you. It's all very nice."

The other girls agree.

Lisa: "I heard you mention rewards before. Is this a reward for
something?"

Kent: "Well, yes and no."

Kent stands up and moves so everyone can see him.

Kent: "Contestants, could I have your attention for a moment, please?"

They all quiet down and turn towards Kent.

Kent: "Some of you may have been wondering if this is just a simple
luncheon, or if there is more to it than that. You might be wondering
if we have an ulterior motive for bringing you here and giving you a
free lunch. Well you are right. This is more than just lunch.

"Some of the producers have asked that we set this up to see how you
acted in, as the sign over the door stated, a formal diningroom. One of
the main requirements for entering this game is that you all live the
dominant and submissive lifestyle. Today was a test of your commitment
to that lifestyle."

Colleen: "You mean this was actually a challenge?"

Kent: "Correct. What I was looking for was how well each of you fall
naturally into your roles as dominant, or submissive. You'll note that
there are only eleven chairs around the table. Ten dominants, and
perhaps one for me."

Judith, and Sierra, the two chained subs sitting at the table look
down, embarrassed.

Eddie: "But it hardly seems right to judge a dom and sub relationship
on how people act. I look at Rusty and I as two people who happen to
work well together, as well as a dominant and submissive who love each
other."

Sam: "That's right. I know that Trish is submissive. Yet she is also a
person and I respect that. I don't have to force her to act submissive.
She is one."

Kent: "Very true, Sam. Throughout the meal I could see that. I could
see it in many of you. One person will put the comfort of their
dominant over that of themselves."

Edgar: "So what happens now?"

Kent: "That's a good question, Edgar. The producers wanted this
"secret" challenge to count towards your points totals. I fought
against that. As Eddie pointed out, I don't agree it's right to judge
people's relationships based on how they act. Dominance submission
relationships aren't about following a list and acting a certain way.
These traits come from deep inside, from the heart.

"However. In two of the couples I didn't see what I was looking for
today. Do those two couples know who they are?"

Edgar and Judith look around and they both slowly raise their hands.
Max and Sierra glance around sheepishly, then they too raise their
hands.

Kent: "What I looked for today was this. A dominant should have control
of his or her submissive. This control can be direct, through gestures
and commands to let the sub know what is expected. Control can also be
indirect. The sub knows what is expected and behaves accordingly,
without need of any direction from the dominant. These traits were
demonstrated best today by Peter, and by the Major.

"On one occasion, Colleen had to correct her submissive by telling him
what she wanted. John had forgotten to bring her her tea. This was not
a bad thing, it merely indicates that John is not quite in tune with
his domme as yet. Or it could be forgetfulness on his part, allowing
himself to become distracted, or he simply made a mistake. A dominant
will take these opportunities to apply correction to his or her
submissive, either verbally, as Colleen did, or more directly, as in a
punishment of some sort.

"For the submissives, I looked for them to be attentive of the needs of
their dominants. Both Rusty and Jane sat to one side and let their
dominants talk, but remained alert to serve them if need be. Sue and
Trish also saw to the needs of their dominants, though remaining by
their sides to keep them company.

"So what we have is this. I feel that the winners of this challenge are
Peter and Sue, the Major and Jane, Sam and Trish, Colleen and John, and
Eddie and Rusty. Today, these five couples best demonstrated what is
thought of as the true dominant submissive lifestyle."

The couples are all looking around, somewhat stunned. A few are shaking
their heads. Yet those that were announced as the winners are grinning
slightly.

Kent: "Now. For the winners. As I said, I was against having this
challenge count towards the points totals. The game is set up so we
present a challenge to you and then you compete to win points. Because
of the nature of this challenge, we couldn't explain the rules to you
beforehand or you'd all simply act accordingly, and everyone would be
winners. So here's the deal.

"Outside there are five, nice, self inflating sleeping pads. They are
wide enough for two, so the couples that passed this challenge can
sleep in comfort now."

There's some murmurs and grumbling from a few of the challengers.
Mostly from those that lost the challenge and already have sore backs
from trying to sleep on the hard shelter floor.

Kent: "Ok, that's it. I'm sorry to spoil your lunch, folks. When you're
ready, you can head back to camp and I'll see you tomorrow for the next
challenge."

The group begins to file out of the dining tent. Outside, one of the
serving girls is there with five rolled up sleeping mats beside her.
She hands one to each dominant of the couples that won the challenge.
The Major takes his and looks it over, then hands it to Jane to carry.
Jane looks up at the Major when she takes the mat and she sees him give
her a tiny smile. Thus encouraged, she falls into step behind him.

[Go commercial. / Return.]

When the contestants reach their beach, some of them head up to the
shelter. Some of the couples are eager to try out their new beds.
Others decide that it's time for a swim.

Out in the water, Eddie and Rusty, Lisa, Myka and Marsha, are splashing
around. Eddie lifts Marsha up letting her dive into the water. He does
the same for Myka and then Rusty. Brandi joins them and they play a
game of tag, the doms against the subs. Sam sees the Major bristle and
realises that he doesn't like homosexuals. The Major stands and walks
away. Colleen and John are sunning themselves close by. They're both
sitting, naked, on John's loin cloth.

Sam: To Colleen. "I don't think the Major likes queers."

Colleen: "I've noticed that too. He sure keeps his distance from Eddie
and Rusty. You notice that he and Jane sleep as far away from the girls
as they can get?"

Sam: "Yeah, well, that voice of Marsha drives me nuts at times."

Colleen: "They're not very subtle about it." She sees John's eyes
lingering on the four women out in the water and she gives his head a
light swat. "What are you staring at?"

John: Startled. "Nothing, Mistress."

Colleen: "Go fetch me something to drink."

John: "Yes, Mistress."

John stands up and heads to the camp. As he's walking through the
jungle, his ankle chain snags on a root and he stumbles. A bit further
on and a tree branch catches him painfully in the balls but,
eventually, he makes it to the camp. 

Sierra and Nadine are there and they've changed their clothes. They are
now naked. There are only empty water jugs in the stores so John,
Nadine, and Sierra, take some of the jugs and go for water.

The trail through the jungle is rough and it's slow going for the three
chained submissives. At one point, Nadine's ankle chain gets tightly
wedged under some branches of a fallen tree they'd had to step over.
She goes down hard and cries out to John. John goes to her and helps
her to stand, then bends down to try to free her chain.

There isn't much room between the thick branches, and John has his head
pressed against Nadine's thighs as he pulls at her chain. Sierra moves
in close, to help steady Nadine, and John's head becomes sandwiched
between both girls tummies. The scent of the two girls sweaty pussies
fills his nostrils. He feels their soft, silky flesh pressing on him,
and their chains rubbing against him, and his cock starts to get hard.

With a big tug, Nadine's ankle hobble comes free of the tree branch and
John tumbles back on his bum. The two girls look down to see his cock,
stiff and hard, bobbing against his belly.

Sierra: "Look, Nadine. I think he likes us!"

Nadine: "Oh my God! How'd that happen?"

Sierra: She giggles. "Silly, even though he's a submissive, he's still
a man."

John, embarrassed, moves his hands to cover himself.

Nadine: "But I thought. . . ."

Sierra: "What? That he's gay?"

Nadine: "No. Well, I thought. . . ."

Sierra: "He and Colleen mostly do the same things we do. Right John?"

John: "Well, yeah. I guess."

Sierra: "Only she gives the orders, and you have to obey."

Nadine: "I never knew men could be submissive. Well I knew, but I've
never met one. What sorts of things do you and Colleen do?"

John: "Well, the same kind of stuff you and Mark do, I guess.

Sierra: "Like what?"

John: His cock has softened somewhat, but it gives a little twitch.
"Mistress likes to keep me chained up a lot."

Nadine: "And do you like that?"

John: "Well. Yeah. I like it a lot."

Nadine: "So you don't mind having to have these chains on?"

John: "Not really. I'm a lot more free like this than I usually am."

Nadine: The three are now moving through the jungle again. "Really."

At a swampy part of the trail, John takes hold of each girls hands to
help them over the muddy tangle of fallen branches. Sierra stumbles
into him, accidentally or intentionally, and she presses her body up
against him. Her hands on his shoulders, her chain stretched across his
chest, she presses her tits to him and lays her head against his neck.
Sierra gives John's ear a lick with her tongue.

John: He pushes Sierra off him. "Sierra, cut it out! Let's go."

The three subs make it to the well. With their short wrist chains they
can't draw up the bucket, so the girls get on either side of John and
one lifts the rope, then another grabs it further down to lift. The
camera catches Sierra as she winks at Nadine and the girls move in
closer, rubbing their tits against John's arms every chance they get.
Together, they bring up a bucket of water.

Nadine holds one jug while John tips the pail and pours the water. When
that jug is filled, he turns to Sierra who's holding another one.
Sierra is squatting holding the jug and when John turns to her, his
cock, which is raging again, smacks her in the face. Sierra has her
mouth open and she takes the head of it between her lips and smiles.
John is startled and he spills some of the cold water down her chest.

Sierra, splashed with the cold water, falls backwards. She tries to
break her fall with her hands but her wrist chain hits her tummy,
stopping her hands, and she lands on her bum. Water from the pail
continues to pour down on her pussy until John rights it.

Nadine is having a fit of the giggles and John stands red faced,
watching Sierra's nipples harden from the cold water. Sierra looks up
at him, looks down at where he's staring, and begins to laugh.
Seductively, she lifts one of her tits with her hand and begins licking
the drops of water from her nipple.

Sierra: "Mmmm! Tastes good. You thirsty, John?"

John: He gives the camera a glance. "I. . . uh, come on, Sierra. Quit
fooling around. Let's get the water back to camp."

John gives Sierra a hand to help her up. They continue to fill the
water jugs and then have to raise another bucket. Sierra continues to
press herself against John as the three haul up the bucket. Finally,
John puts his arms over Sierra, catching her around her back with his
chain. He hauls her close and gives her a big kiss.

Sierra presses herself tightly to him and reaches down to his cock. She
starts to fit it in between her legs.

Nadine: "Sierra! What are you doing? Max is going to kill you!"

Sierra: "Screw Max."

Nadine: "Well Colleen's gonna kill John then."

John gets his hands between himself and Sierra to push her off him.

John: "Ok, Sierra, knock it off. Mistress is waiting for this water.
Let's go."

Sierra: "Awww. You guys are no fun."

The three subs finish filling the jugs and then start heading back to
camp. Along the way, they lose the trail and get into the thick jungle
where the going is a lot more difficult. Nadine advises that they keep
the sun at their backs so they don't get too lost.

The three descend into a small valley and at the bottom is a pool of
sticky gray mud. They watch for a while as bubbles pop up, breaking the
surface of the muck. John dips a toe in the mud to find it rather warm.

Sierra: Touches the mud with her fingertips. "It feels kind of
slippery."

Nadine: "Yuck! Let's go."

The three walk on further and eventually find the trail again. Back at
camp, Colleen is waiting impatiently for her tea.

Colleen: "John! What took so long?"

John: "Sorry, Mistress. We had to go for water and then we got lost in
the jungle."

Colleen: "Sheesh. You've pulled kitchen detail. Get busy."

John: "Yes, Mistress."

That evening no one has caught any fish for supper, so they open a
canned ham and have that with beans and rice. Sierra makes some dough
with flour and water and cooks something that resembles bread. After
evening swims, and some sitting around the bonfire, the contestants
turn in for the night.

[Title: DAY SIX.]

[Cue music, slow camera pan around the beach.]

Dawn. On the beach. The Major and Jane, Peter and Sue, are doing their
morning exercises. Out in the water, Edgar and Judith swim. Mark is
trying his hand at spearing some fish.

A fair sized Sea Bass is caught which Mark cleans. Eddie and Rusty draw
kitchen duties. Rusty has found some wild onions which he uses to spice
up the rice. Eddie notices that some of the pigs have visited the camp
during the night and the crate holding the food stores is chewed a bit.

After breakfast, the Major sets Jane and a couple of the other subs to
raising the storage platform higher. Rusty and Sierra work with Jane to
unload the storage platform and they begin untying the support poles.
The day warms up, and after a while, Rusty strips off the loin cloth
he's wearing. Sierra sees this and takes off the wrap skirt she has on
and removes her bikini top. Jane has been nude all morning.

Peter and Sue offer to go check the mail with Nadine following along
for the walk. Sue and Nadine walk ahead, with Peter trailing behind.
Peter is enjoying seeing how the two nude submissives walk in their
short ankle hobbles and how Sue's hair swishes back and forth across
her bum. Nadine's hair is not as long as Sue's, but it's black colour
contrasts nicely with Sue's golden blond hair.

[Cut to:] Rusty and Jane. The two subs leave camp to hike through the
jungle, looking for wood for the food storage platform. Sierra stays
behind, stripping vines to use as rope. The two slog through a marshy
area where there's a lot of dead wood lying around and they start
pulling out likely looking poles.

The good wood is tangled in vines and weeds and they have to work
together to separate it. Rusty stands behind Jane to help pull out one
pole. He sees faint markings on the skin of her back, possibly made by
a whip or cane. Rusty traces a finger along one, making Jane jump. She
pauses in their work to look at him.

Rusty: "Uh, sorry, Jane. Does the Major beat you very often?"

Jane: "Only when he thinks I need it."

Rusty: "I don't think I could stand it if Eddie ever whipped me."

Jane: "I. . . uh. The Major's not a bad man. He guides me and takes
care of me."

Rusty: "A friend of mine, he and his partner were into that. Whips and
stuff. I'd go visit and he'd show me his marks. I'd almost cry
sometimes. It looked so painful and I never know how he could stand for
something like that. My first owner sometimes whipped me, but never
very hard. Eddie is always so nice to me. He's never hit me at all"

Jane: "Your first owner?"

Rusty: "He passed away a few years ago. In his will, he left me to
Eddie."

Jane: "Eddie owns you?"

Rusty: "That's right. Oh, you don't understand. I signed my life over
to Bill, my first owner. I became his property then. When he died, he
left me to Eddie because of this collar. Eddie made this for Bill and
I."

Rusty raises his hand and touches his silver collar. Jane tentatively
reaches out to touch it as well. Her fingertips slide across the silky
smooth metal of the raised carving around it.

Rusty reaches out to feel Jane's neck ring. It's made from round steel
bar, about a half inch thick, and he's surprised at the weight of it.
For a girl, the heavy and solid steel ring seems out of place.

Rusty: "I thought that, because of this ring, the Major owned you too."

Jane: "The Major doesn't. . . uh, I mean. . . ."

Rusty: "Jane?"

Jane: "I don't want to talk about it. Lets get this wood back to camp."

Rusty: "Alright, Jane."

[Cut to:] Peter, Sue and Nadine. They reach the tree and Peter reaches
into the tube to pull out a piece of paper. He reads the challenge to
the two girls.

Submissives only, it's a foot race.
Fifty yards backwards and fifty forward.
Three best times win points.
All must finish for a big blue tarp.

Back at camp the group tries to figure out what kind of a race it could
be. Everyone agrees that a big tarp would end the leakage problems with
their thatched roof.

Sam and Trish have gone down the beach at low tide and returned with
armloads of clams. The shells are steamed open over one pot, and the
clams are chopped up into another pot of water with milk powder and
wild onions added. The clam chowder turns out surprisingly delicious.

The Major inspects the new food storage platform and finds it
satisfactory. After lunch, the group heads down the beach for the
challenge.

A big tarp has been strung up between two trees like a curtain. The
contestants gather around Kent, who's standing before it.

Kent: "Welcome to our third points challenge. This is a race and it's
just the submissives that will be running it. Behind the curtain are
two lanes, marked by ropes. The course is fifty yards, and you will
start out running backwards until you get to the end. When you cross
the line there, you have to run forwards, back to the start. You each
must completely cross over the line at the far end before you can
return. Miss Kate will be there to make sure that you do.

"We'll be taking you past the curtain two at a time, and the rest of
you must wait here until it's your turn. You will each be timed for
your run and the best three times gain five points for the couple. If
all of you finish the race, this tarp here is yours. Everybody
understand?

"The dominants can go past the curtain now. There is seating for you,
and you can cheer your submissive on." Kent waits a few moments for the
doms to take seats on the other side of the tarp. "Alright. First up,
Myka and Sierra. Follow me please."

Kent and the first two girls walk around the tarp. On the other side, a
Jeep is parked close to the starting line. Two ropes lead down the
beach and are tied to the top of a wooden tower about ten feet high.
Another Jeep is parked there, to anchor the tower.

The two girls are made to stand on the starting line, facing the first
truck. Kent and Brent each take a rope and pass it through each girl,
between their legs and then up over their wrist chains. The ropes are
then drawn up tight and hooked to the bumper of the Jeep. If the girls
keep their hands down and together, the ropes rest on their wrist
chains at about knee level.

Kent: "Ok ladies. There are knots every fifty feet along the ropes.
These are the ropes from the tying competition a few days ago. All you
have to do is walk or run backwards, as quick as you can and watching
out for the knots, until you cross the line near the tower. Once you've
completely crossed over the line, run back here as fast as you can.
Best times win. Simple enough?"

Neither of the girls have noticed that, closer to the tower, the ropes
go up higher. The last knot that they'll encounter is ten feet from the
half way line and is three feet off the sand. For that last ten feet
the ropes rise higher, then beyond the line, another twenty feet, up to
the top of the tower. However most of the dominants, who are seated on
logs alongside the course, have noticed this and are grinning widely.

Kent: "Runners, ready? Go!"

Myka and Sierra start walking backwards as fast as they are able to.
They both reach the first knot at about the same time and it passes
easily between their thighs. It catches on their wrist chains, but they
shake it loose and move on. By the time they reach the second knot the
rope is beginning to touch against their crotches, and hitting the knot
comes as a bit of a shock. Past that one and they have to push down on
the rope with their hands to stop it from rubbing them in their
pussies.

Myka hits the third knot and it slips through her ass crack to bump
through her slit. Sierra pushes down on her rope as the knot passes her
pussy. As the girls hobble closer to the half way line, the ropes pull
up tighter into their most sensitive places. Myka is fighting her rope
to keep the friction down as she inches across the line. Sierra takes a
small jump to cross the line and the rope snaps her hard on her clit.

Miss Kate calls out each girls name to signal that she's crossed the
line satisfactorily, and each girl starts back. That first few feet to
the knot are the worst, with the rope rubbing against their already raw
pussies, but once past that, the going gets easier. Kent and Brent are
ready at the finish line with stopwatches and they record each girls
time on a chalk board.

The ropes are unhooked from the Jeep bumper and the girls are released
from the race course. Rubbing their sore pussies, they move to the
side as two more challengers are brought in past the curtain.

The two male submissives don't have much advantage over the girls in
this challenge. At the far end, the rope rubs painfully in their ass
cracks and under their scrotums. Going back, Rusty gets smacked in the
nuts by the knot and his wrist chain when it gets caught up with it. He
turns in one of the worst times.

Because Sue is the shortest submissive, she is given a handicap of only
having to have one foot over the line, rather than her whole body.
Otherwise she'd end up sitting up on the rope with her feet off the
sand. Marsha too isn't so tall, so she gets to have both feet on the
line and can be leaning forward over it. Sue has a clit hood piercing,
and Marsha also has a couple of rings down there, to further add to
their discomfort in running the race.

After the last two subs, John and Trish, have run the course, their
times are recorded and the winners are declared.

Kent: "Your submissives have all done well and have all finished the
course with no faults, so the big tarp is yours to keep. As you can
see from the times, the couples of Brandi and Marsha, Sam and Trish,
and Mark and Nadine each gain an extra five points. Great job, guys.
Thanks. You can all head back to camp now."

Mark and Sam work to take down the big blue tarp and they fold it up to
carry it back to camp. Several of the submissives are rubbing sore
crotches as the group heads down the beach.

[Go Commercial.] / [Return.]

Evening, on the beach. Coconut shell bowls of rice and beans are passed
around by Brandi, Sam, and Mark. Most of the subs are sitting out in
the cool salt water, soothing their tortured genitals. Marsha had the
worst of it from the rope rubbing her pussy rings, and Brandi wades out
to sit with her. Jane hands her master his dinner, then gingerly sits
on the beach with him to eat. Sam and Peter join them.

Major: "You two are tied for first with Edgar. I should congratulate
you, but this is a contest."

Sam: "It's still early. I'm sure things will change."

Peter: "That was a pretty wild race this afternoon. You Ok, Jane?"

Jane: "I'm fine, Sir."

Major: "She came in fourth, half a second after Nadine."

Jane: "I'll try harder next time, Sir."

Major: "Yes, you will." He turns to Sam. "After the points challenge
tomorrow, I think we'll set a snare and try for one of those wild
pigs."

Sam: "Yes, I think that's a good idea. A pig roast will give everyone
something to look forward to."

Peter: "We'll need some good food to keep our strength up. The
challenges are bound to get harder than they've been so far."

Our contestants turn in early that evening. It starts raining lightly
during the night, but the roof no longer leaks with the big tarp over
the shelter, and a restfull night is had by all.

[Title: DAY SEVEN.]

[A camera catches Sam out on the reef, trying his hand at spear
fishing.] Dawn's light sparkles on the waves as Sam surfaces, the spear
empty. The Major and Jane are doing stretching exercises on shore along
with Trish and Sue. Peter is taking a run along the beach. Sam comes up
again. There's no fish this morning.

The group have a breakfast of rice and somewhat doughy pancakes, made
by John and Brandi. After that, the Major and Jane go out to check the
mail.

[A remote camera mounted in a tree along the beach picks up the Major
and Jane.]

Major: "I heard you talking to Trish last night. What about?"

Jane: "Nothing, Sir. She was asking me how long we've been together."

Major: "And what did you tell her?"

Jane: "Nothing, Sir. I said that I've known you for about two years."

[The sound quality is not so good when they get farther away from the
camera and the microphones hidden along the way.]

Major: "What else did you tell her?"

Jane: "Nothing, Sir. I only told her what you told me to say."

The Major suddenly lunges out and grabs Jane's steel neck ring collar,
pulling her to an abrupt halt. He pulls her face inches from his own.

Major: Very threatening voice. "If I find out that you're lying, it's
going to go very badly for you out here. You read me, Private?"

Jane: Looks frightened. "Please, Sir. No. I will never do anything to
jeopardize this mission. Sir."

Major: Releases her collar. "See that you don't. I expect to win at
todays competition and if we don't, there'll be Hell to pay. Got it?"

Jane: She has her hands up and is rubbing her neck. "Yes, Sir."

Major: "Good."

The Major strides off towards the mail tree leaving Jane standing and
rubbing her neck. Her face is down and her lower lip trembles for a
moment. Jane looks up at the jungle and right into the remote control
camera that's mounted on a tree. Her eyes grow wide when she sees the
camera, and realises that the exchange with the Major has been caught
on tape. With a worried look, she moves away to rejoin her master.

The Major has retrieved the next challenge from the mail tube and is
reading it to himself when Jane joins him. He looks up to see his sub
and he glances past her to see a camera man moving into position. The
Major looks at Jane again and reads the challenge to her.

Three by three, working together
Be careful not to pull on your tether
Six spans of a bridge for you to make
First crew to reach it get the big piece of cake.

Major: "Six spans of a bridge. Sounds like we have to cross over
something."

Jane: "Sir."

Back at camp, another argument has broken out. Peter, Sam and Eddie are
trying to get Max to calm down.

Max: "We haven't had a decent meal in days. Why do we have to do
everything the Major's way?"

Sam: "Say we do manage to catch a pig now and have a huge feast for
lunch. There's a challenge coming up this afternoon. You want to stuff
yourself with food and then go run an obstacle course? We'll have our
feast tomorrow, on our day off."

Sierra: "But I'm starving!"

Max: "Shut up, Sierra. We're all weak from hunger now! How is anyone
going to win a physical challenge when we haven't eaten in days?"

Brandi: "Oh shut up, Max. We had all those sandwiches two days ago. Sam
and Trish got us that clam soup yesterday. I haven't seen you bring in
any fish, or much of anything lately."

Max: "What are you talking about? I found all those bananas yesterday
morning!"

Eddie: "Which you mostly ate yourself."

Peter: "Look. Let's all calm down here. Max, if you want to try
catching us some fish, then go for it. But don't stand around moaning
about how hungry you are. We're all hungry. After the next challenge
we'll try for one of those pigs, and tomorrow we'll all sit around and
get stuffed. Right now though, we've got a contest to get through. So
let's just concentrate on that. Ok?"

Brandi: "Yeah."

The Major and Jane return just in time to see Max stomping off into the
jungle. 

Major: "What's going on?"

Sam: "People are getting hungry and they're getting edgy."

Major: "Well forget that. We've got our next challenge."

The Major hands the paper to Sam, who reads it aloud. The group stand
around for a while and try to make sense of the challenge, but the part
about "pull on your tether" is most puzzling.

A few of the subs go down to the water to scour the tide pools for
something to eat and they return with a few small fish. These are cut
up and added to the rice for lunch. Max returns in time to be handed a
bowl of food and he sits alone with Sierra to eat. After lunch, they
head down the beach for the competition.

Kent stands before a small table set out on the beach. Beyond him,
out in the water, three platforms are set up. A row of logs are
standing upright, leading out to the platforms. The logs are about
fourteen inches across the flat tops which are a foot up out of the
water. The logs look to be about eight feet apart. Brent and Kate are
standing near Kent, and in front of them is an ominous pile of three
coiled ropes.

Kent: "Good afternoon, challengers. Welcome to the site of your next
contest. We're going to divide you up into three teams before we begin.

"I have here," Kent holds them up. "ten playing cards. The ace, up to
the ten. I'll ask each dominant to step up and draw one card. Since
three won't go evenly into ten, one couple, the one who draws the ace,
will have to sit this challenge out." Sam is the closest and Kent fans
the cards out and holds them to him, face down. "Sam, you want to draw
first?"

Sam picks a card, the three, and one by one, the other doms also pick
one. Lisa draws the ace.

Kent: "Lisa and Myka, would you like to have a seat over there?" Kent
points to two folding chairs set up near a pile of two by six, eight
foot planks. "Now doms, hold on to your cards, and you and your subs
arrange into three teams. The two, three and four are one group, Five,
six, seven the next, and eight, nine and ten, the last. Stand in a
line, dom, sub, dom, sub, in descending order of the cards you're
holding."

The couples move together into three groups. Edgar, Sam, and Mark make
one group. Eddie, the Major, and Brandi are the second team, and Max,
with Peter and Colleen, make up the third. The subs stand behind their
masters.

Kent: "All right. The object of the challenge is to take two of the
planks, and lay one across the logs, starting at the beach. Once your
group is standing on the first plank, the second one is passed ahead
and set on the next two logs. When you're all on that plank, you pick
up the first one and pass it ahead.

"You have to cross six spans to reach the platforms out in the water.
The first team to get all of their members standing on the platform,
each couple gets twelve points. The second place team each get eight,
and last place gets zero."

A few of the contestants are looking towards Brent and Kate as they
pick up the lengths of rope and move towards Kent.

Kent: "Oh, I almost forgot. To make the race a bit more challenging,
you'll all be roped together around your waist with six feet of rope
between you."

Brent hands Kent a coil of rope and the three get busy tying each of
the teams of challengers together. [Close up of Brent.] Brent loops the
rope around Eddie's waist and quickly ties a rescue knot with the loop
just slightly snug around the man's waist. He has Eddie hold the rope
and a tape measure together and he measures out six feet, then ties
another rescue knot around the waist of Rusty. On to the Major, and
then Jane, then Brandi, and lastly, Marsha. 

Kent and Miss Kate have their teams roped up and ready. The Major
begins to look very uncomfortable, roped so close to Rusty. Rusty
glances back and smiles at the Major.

Kent: "All right teams, let's move to the starting line."

Some of the dominants have trouble walking, tied so closely to the subs
beside them. They all have to move slower because of the subs ankle
chains. Once they are in position, each team is handed two of the
planks. A few of the doms who are wearing shoes of some sort kick them
off, hoping to gain a better feel of their footing on the narrow
planks.

Kent: "You doms in the lead, be sure you get the planks down squarely
on the tops of the logs. Once you are all on one plank, the sub in the
rear has to lift up the last one and pass it forward. If anyone touches
the water, or more likely, if you all fall into the water, you have to
take both planks back and start over. If a plank drops in the water and
floats away, you have to start over. Everyone ready?  GO!"

Lisa and Myka, so they don't feel too left out, are enjoying coffee and
cake at a little table ringside. All three groups get off to a good
start. Each sub that's second in line quickly finds that they have to
crouch down, as the rope pulls tight when the leaders set the planks
down. Each group crosses the first plank and hands the next forward.

Edgar's team nearly gets dumped when Nadine moves to pick up the plank
and Mark almost loses his balance. As Eddie goes down to lay their
fourth plank, Rusty loses his balance and pulls the Major, Eddie and
the rest of the team into the water. They hurry to gather their planks
and start over. Edgar's fifth plank is down but their fourth one gives
way as they move ahead. It slips off the front log and dumps them all.

Max discovers that the spacing is critical in placing the planks. At
the end of their fifth, there is no room on the log to set the sixth
plank down. He calls back down to John before he picks up the forth
plank, to move the board back a bit. There is confusion in the team
until Max makes the spacing situation known. John bumps his board back
a little and then the team carefully backtracks off the fifth plank so
they can shift it backwards a bit.

By the time Max's team gets the spacing sorted out, the other two teams
have almost caught up. Max lays down their sixth plank and the team
hurries ahead to mount the platform. As John steps up to the platform
his foot slips and he almost goes down, but Colleen grabs his arm,
Peter grabs hold of her waist rope, and they haul John up before his
foot touches the water.

Edgar's team comes in second, with Nadine stepping up on the platform
just as Eddie's team reaches it. The Major's foot slides on the wet
plank and he goes over, taking the others of his team with him.

Back on shore, Lisa and Myka cheer on the efforts of their fellow
challengers. The delicious coffee, laced with brandy, and the cake with
big, rum soaked pineapple chunks in it, has been some slight
consolation for getting bumped from the competition. Max and his
teammates join hands and cannonball onto the ocean. Edgar and his team
jump in and swim back, while Eddie and his team wade ashore looking
like drowned rats.

Brent and Miss Kate begin to untie the contestants with a few of the
doms helping out, eager to be freed of the rope holding them to the
others.

Kent: "Well, we have our winners. The team of Max, Peter, and Colleen,
each of you get twelve points. Edgar, Sam, and Mark, you each get
eight. Thank you all for making a great competition. I'll see you in a
couple of days. Oh, can you make sure the girls over there get home
Ok." Kent fakes a whisper. "I think they've been drinking."

[Camera catches the moods of some of the contestants.] The group heads
down the beach and back to camp. Peter and Sue are happy, since they
now lead in the points total. Max looks happier too, now that he has
finally gained some points. The Major looks angry, Jane, wary, and Lisa
and Myka skip and sing, happy as larks.

Back at camp the score sheet is found and the new totals are added up.
Edgar and Mark go out spear fishing that evening and catch two nice
sized fish. The fish fillets are done over the coals on a bamboo grill,
along with the usual pot of rice and beans.

[Night time. The remote controlled night vision camera pans around
inside the shelter.] Jane is alone in her bed. [Camera outside, in the
jungle.] The Major sits against a tree, dozing. On a log where the path
narrows, some fish parts from the evening meal have been laid out.
Barely visible is the glint of a shiny steel wire forming a loop, just
in front of the log.

[Camera shot of the jungle] A pig squeals loudly in the stillness of
the night. It squeals again, a high pitched cry of anguish, abruptly
cut off by the sound of a dull thump. Another hard thump, the cry of a
jungle bird, and all is still.

[Roll credits]  [Split screen with credits, show points totals.]

Peter and Sue            27
Sam and Trish            23
Edgar and Judith         23
Mark and Nadine          17
Max and Sierra           12
Colleen and John         12
Eddie and Rusty          10
Kilpatrick and Jane      10
Lisa and Myka            10
Brandi and Marsha         5

[END Episode 2.]

"Next Time On Surviver:" "The Major satisfies his blood lust in a gory
orgy of butchering a pig. [Show clip, The Major with blood on his
hands.] Then later on, the doms go on a hunt. [Show clip of Max, a
crazed look in his eyes and holding a huge paintball gun. [Sound:
"Doof!  Doof!"] The release of compressed gas as he fires off two
shots.]

 - End of file. -






 Episode  3.      SURVIVER          (C) dino 2001

[Start.]

[Voiceover and show scenes of island.] "Twenty people, ten dominant -
submissive couples, stranded on a tiny south seas island. Every three
days the couples will have to compete against each other in two
challenge competitions, for rewards, and for points. At the end of
twenty days, the five couples with the fewest number of points will
have to leave the island, while the rest will continue on for another
twenty days. In the end, the couple with the highest number of points
will be declared the winner, and will walk away with One Million
Dollars."

"Last time on Surviver:" [Run clips as the host, Kent, speaks.]

"The submissives compete in a foot race. Dispite the challenging
course, they all manage to finish and win a new roof for the groups
shelter. Marsha, Trish, and Nadine finished the race with the best
times and they won five points for themselves and their dominants.

"The constant hunger begins to prey on the contestants minds and Max
blows up at the Major's assumption of leadership of the group. But
their survival difficulties are put aside as the contestants have to
prepare themselves for the next challenge.

"With the bridge building competition, it was Max's team who came in
first, followed closely by the team of Edgar, Sam, and Mark. Peter and
Sue now lead in the points totals, ahead of the couples of Sam, and
Edgar, both tied for second. Mark and Nadine hold third place. Stay
with us, as our couples move closer to one of them winning our grand
prize."

[Run Opening Title Sequence.]  [Episode Intro Sequence: 65 seconds.]

05 seconds -     Airport: small plane taking off - classic over the
camera shot.

12 seconds -     Small plane flying over water - slow zoom to cockpit -
jungle drums begin building.

17 second sequence - ahead view, flying low over water. Plane banks
left, island comes into view as title music breaks in and dialogue
begins (see below). Pull up, camera tilts down, show fly over of
island, trees etc.

20 second sequence - show cast: head shots, 2 seconds each couple,
background is island shore as plane flies past.

11 seconds -     Night view of beach from point offshore: fast zoom in
to bonfire, chained submissives dancing around it. Expand title and
logo. Hold for 5 seconds.

Fade to black.

Intro Dialogue:

Island fly over: "Ten couples, stranded on a tiny south seas island,
forced to fend for themselves. Every three days the couples must
compete in two challenges, for rewards, and for points that will lead
to one of our couples winning a grand prize of One Million Dollars."

Show cast: "Within each of these couples, one person is in control
while the other person submits to that control. One is dominant while
the other is submissive. Each submissive is fitted with wrist and ankle
cuffs and chains which will hamper their movements, and which shall be
worn by them at all times while on the island."

Night view: "In the end, one couple will walk away as the sole
survivers."

[End episode intro.]


[View from night camera, inside the shelter.] The anguished death cry
of a pig is heard echoing through the jungle. Marsha awakens with a
start and sits up. A few of the others stir in their sleep. Judith
opens her eyes, as does Nadine. Marsha hears that some of the others
have wakened at the sound.

Marsha: Whispers. "Did you hear that?"

Nadine: "Sounded like the Major caught his pig."

Marsha: "He killed it?"

Myka: "We can't eat it when it's alive."

Marsha: "Oh, God."

The girls settle back down. Later on, the Major returns to the shelter
and lays down with his sub, Jane. The small piece of cloth that is the
wrap dress she'd been given, and had been using as a blanket, is pulled
off her as Kilpatrick settles in. Jane is wakened when the cool night
air chills her body.

Jane: Quietly, to the Major. "Did you get a pig, Sir?"

Major: "A nice fat one." He chuckles quietly. "We's gonna have us a
feast tomorrow."

[Title: DAY EIGHT.]

[Dawn's early light.] Nadine and Sue rise early and carefully make
their way past the others to leave the shelter. Nadine sniffs the air.
There's a strong, tangy, coppery smell lingering over the camp. Sue
still has her monthly flow, as does Judith now. But it's not any traces
of that kind of blood that Nadine is smelling. This blood smells thick,
earthy, and freshly spilled.

The two girls make their way down to the beach. Bare footprints, the
sand stained a dull brownish red, lead into the sea. They see the
Major's shorts and shirt hanging on a bush, rinsed out. The blood
stains on them still visible. The girls follow the tracks back, along
the beach, to a tree.

A dark, spreading stain mars the white sand, and above, hanging from a
rope thrown over a branch, the carcass of a big pig. It hangs head
pointing down, the rope tied around it's back legs. Mouth gaping in a
frozen grin, it's slit neck a gaping wound, still dripping blood and
adding to the mess below. The two girls stand staring, stock still.

Sue: "It's a big one."

Nadine: "Jesus Christ."

Sue: "We'd best warn some of the others. I don't think Marsha wants to
see this."

Nadine: "I don't think that I do."

Sue: "At least we'll be eating today."

Nadine: "I'm gonna fucking throw up in a minute."

Sue: "Let's go."

The two girls turn away from the gruesome sight of the pig and start
back to camp. They've only gone a few yards though, when they see
Marsha step out from the treeline, to walk up the beach towards them.

Sue: "Marsha! Go back. You don't want to see this."

Marsha looks at the two girls, then her eyes focus on what's behind
them. The dead pig twists slightly in the gentle sea breeze and fixes
Marsha with one, glazed, tiny, pig eye. Marsha's hands go to her mouth
and she begins a low, wailing scream, ending when she faints,
collapsing in a heap upon the sand.

Back in the shelter, Marsha's shriek is heard clearly. Brandi wakens,
quickly sitting up.

Brandi: "That sounded like Marsha!"

Peter: He's pulling on his shorts. "It did. Let's go."

Peter, Brandi, and a few others, head down to the beach. Brandi hurries
after Peter, worried about her submissive. Peter makes the beach first
and sees Sue and Nadine, crouched around Marsha who's sitting up. Her
eyes are open and she seems very upset.

Peter: "Sue! What happened?" Peter looks ahead and sees the carcass of
the pig hanging. "Oh."

Brandi moves to her sub to hold her and calm her. By now most of the
group have gathered on the beach. A few are clearly horrified and
disgusted at the sight of the bloody pig carcass. Some in the group are
drawn to the morbid sight of the animal hanging from the tree. Mark,
and also Myka, move to touch the animal and feel it's course hide.

The Major arrives on scene and proudly strides up to his kill. Most of
the contestants have the good sense to congradulate him for providing
the group with such a large amount of food.

Major: "Anyone have any experience in butchering a hog?"

Mark: "I worked in the meat department of Food Mart for a summer job."

Edgar: "I've seen it done at a farm I worked at."

Myka: "I can help."

Major: He turns to stare at the frail looking Asian lesbian with the
long black hair. "I said butcher a Hog, not a Dog."

Lisa winces inwardly at the Major's dig. Peter bristles at the
intentional insult to Myka's Korean heritage. Everyone remains silent
for a moment. Lisa knows that Myka is not one to back down from such an
obvious ploy to upset her, even when it comes from a powerful dominant
such as the Major. Myka stands her ground with pride, and then flashes
the Major a grin.

Myka: "Hog or dog, the anatomy is the same. Firm haunches, meaty ribs,
unless the dog has starved. This animal should provide all of us well,
for three, maybe four days. Sir."

Kilpatrick stares at the girl, amazed at her audacity. He'd personally
ordered the destruction of a whole village of these kind people during
his first tour of duty in Vietnam. Yet this isn't 1963 anymore. The
Major reminds himself that this is a contest, and one of these ten
couples is going to leave here with a Million U.S. Dollars. Money like
that buys a lot of Kim-Chee. (Korean, fermented cabbage - like
sauerkraut.)

Major: He begins to smile. "Alright then. We've got work to do. Lets
get some breakfast and then get to it."

Major Kilpatrick, in one of his very rare displays of affection,
touches Myka lightly on her arm and softly says, "I like your spunk,
kid."

The Major walks away from the others with Jane following closely behind
him. Myka lets out a breath in a low whistle as Lisa, Peter and Sue
move to her. A few of the others step closer to the dead pig. Marsha,
Judith, Rusty, and a couple others, want no part of it. They leave the
area to go back to camp.

Lisa: "Myka, are you all right?"

Myka: Giggles. "I think I've made a friend."

Sue: "That wasn't a very nice thing for him to say to you. You were
only offering to help."

Myka: "Don't worry about it. I know the Major's type. That was his way
of throwing out a challenge to me. I think I surprised him by passing
it."

Peter: "The Major may seem impossible to get along with, but I'll say
one thing. You always know where you stand with him."

Lisa: "Yeah? Well I think I'll stand as far away as possible. Come,
Myka, let's get something to eat."

[Camera close-up of the hanging pig. Cue eerie music and hold, 5
seconds.]

Our contestants have a quick breakfast of fruit and pancakes with
coffee, then get organised to take care of butchering the Major's
catch. Sam suggests that they boil sea water to get salt. Then they can
pack up some of the meat, layered with salt, for later. Edgar agrees
that this should work.

So some of the group get busy weaving palm leaf baskets to hold the
meat, a few start building a clean work table down on the beach for the
cutting, and others gather wood and prepare fire pits for the cooking.
The Major and Mark begin hacking up the carcass of the pig, while Edgar
and Myka help out with the trimming and packing. Trish and Nadine dig a
hole in the jungle to dispose of the bones and yucky bits.

The first course is ready around noon. A large pork roast, done on a
spit over the fire. John and Rusty have taken turns keeping the spit
turning, and Brandi and Colleen have fixed a big pan of sliced potatoes
with onions to compliment the meat. When the roast is ready, Sam takes
it to a mat on the beach and slices it up.

Those contestants who were squeamish over the death of the pig, are
soon overcome by the smells, and the taste, of the fresh cooked meat.
Marsha is hesitant to touch any at first.

Brandi: "Come on, kitten. Rusty walked all the way to Food Lion and
bought this lovely pork roast. Here."

Brandi takes a bit of the meat, a small, outside piece, the fat
caramelized by the heat and blackened just slightly from the fire. She
pops it into her sub's mouth. Marsha closes her mouth on the morsel and
chews once, twice. A smile comes to her lips.

Marsha: "My God! This is wonderful!"

Marsha takes another small piece, cut from the center, slightly pink
and wonderfully juicy. She puts it into her mouth.

Marsha: "Mmmmm!"

Brandi: "Feel better?"

Marsha: "Oh Yes! Thank you, Mistress."

Lisa and Myka have prepared strips of pork on bamboo sticks. Myka has
used coconut and mango to marinate the meat, and Lisa has cooked rice
to go along with it. The second course is also a big hit.

Max and Sierra are doing big slabs of ribs over a bamboo grill. Kent
Brockman, who's heard word of the pig kill, drives up to the beach
feast in a Jeep. He's greeted by several happy contestants and handed
a banana leaf plate of food.

Kent: "My goodness! You folks are doing pretty well here. We don't eat
this well at our production camp."

Trish: "I hope you don't expect us to run any races today."

Kent: Laughs. "No, not today. Today's your day off. Tomorrow's
challenge is a mental one, rather than a physical one, so don't worry
about getting too fat from eating all this. I've got a few heavy crates
for you though, any volunteers?"

Sam and Peter offer to unload the crates from the Jeep. Under a tarp in
the back of the Jeep, lay two big plastic coolers full of ice and a box
with a dozen bottles of barbecue sauce. There's also a bag with a half
dozen loaves of bread and a big metal cooking grill. Kent gets back in
the truck with one of Myka's pork shish-kebabs in each hand.

Kent: "Enjoy the feast, folks. I'll see you tomorrow."

Max transfers his ribs off the now smoldering bamboo grill and onto the
metal one. With a selection of delicious sauces, the third course of
meaty ribs and fresh baked bread is also a big hit.

After the feast, the pig carcass is finished up and the meat is wrapped
in banana leaves, then packed in ice in the coolers. The mess is
cleaned up and burned or buried. The contestants then spend a lazy
afternoon and evening laying around, clutching swollen tummies, and
feeling very satisfied.

[Cue commercial.] / [Return.]

[Evening, on the beach.]

With the rest of the pork meat packed in ice there's no need to worry
about it spoiling, so a light supper of mostly fruit is prepared. The
group sit around the bonfire with a big pot of tea and have a lazy
meal.

Judith: "Kent said that the next challenge was a mental one. What, like
a word game or something?"

Eddie: "Could be. Maybe trivia questions or something."

Nadine: "Maybe it's a spelling bee."

Rusty: "Maybe. At least we won't have to struggle through an obstacle
course. I can barely move now."

Marsha: "I might sleep right here on the beach. I don't think I can
make it all the way to the shelter."

As if on cue, lightning flashes far out to sea. A few moments later the
low rumbling thunder rolls over the island.

Marsha: Looks up. "Or maybe not."

When it begins to get dark, the people move to clear up the beach. The
two coolers of ice and meat are carried up to the shelter and stored on
the high food shelf. Garbage is burned, but edible garbage is left out,
away from the shelter, for the pigs to eat.

Most of the subs and a few doms turn in for the night, but a few
dominants remain down on the beach, sitting around the fire. The Major
is there, along with Peter, Sam, Edgar, Max, and Mark.

Mark: "That was a great day today. Thanks for the feast, Major."

Major: "It was the cooks that made the feast so good. My pig just
supplied the meat."

Peter: "Myka's coconut and mango kebabs were pretty tasty."

Edgar: "Yeah, really different."

Major: "She did well in helping us cut the meat. A good girl, she is."

Mark: "It was nice of Kent to supply us with that ice. We can stretch
the food out longer now."

Sam: "I wonder why he did it?"

Mark: "What?"

Sam: "Why just give us something so useful? I wonder what the motive
was."

Major: "We're the rats in the maze. Raw meat wouldn't last long in the
days heat. If we all get sick from eating rotten meat, it's not going
to make a very interesting show. Bunch of people turning green and
puking? No, it's in their best interest to try and keep us all fit and
healthy. The producers aren't going to let us starve and get weak out
here."

Peter: "That's why the pigs are here. And why there's so many fruit
trees here. They need healthy rats to put on a good show."

Max: "But what if some of us do get sick out here?"

Peter: "That's the chance we take."

Major: "Say my sub falls and breaks her leg. That would severely limit
her usefulness in the competitions. So you want to be careful out here
and not take any stupid chances. Any of us could get taken out by a
foolish move."

Mark: "So we have to look out for each other then."

Peter: "Not necessarily. We're all competing against each other. This
is a contest, after all. With a Million bucks up for grabs."

Major: "Say, Max. I see you heading for a fall. Should I warn you?"

Edgar: "Normally one would. But this isn't a normal situation."

Peter: "Right. We all want to make the final five. I guess we'd have to
make a choice. Let you take a fall, or shout a warning. I wouldn't like
to see anyone get really hurt, but if it means Sue and I step closer to
the pot, I guess I'd have to think twice about it."

Max: "So it's dog eat dog then."

Mark: "No! We're not animals, we're human beings."

Major: "No we're not. Like I said, we're rats in a maze. The rat that
climbs over the other rats and makes it to the end, gets the cheese."

Peter: "A lot of cheese. So you're saying that we signed away civility
when we agreed to be in this contest?"

Major: "Perhaps. We'll have to choose, are we going to play the game to
win the money, or play to win friends. Me? I think you know what my
choice would be."

Edgar: "I'd have to agree with you. Me and Jude are here for the money
too. It's tough luck when someone takes a fall, but that's life, right?
People win and people lose. That's just the way it is."

[Camera zooms out from the bonfire.] The Major stands and stretches. He
turns to go to the shelter. The others stand and move around. Sam pokes
the fire with a stick and adds some more wood. The doms leave the beach
to turn in for the night.

[Title: DAY NINE.]

Dawn, on the beach. The morning's exercise routines are more subdued
today, with the contestants bellies still stuffed from the pig feast.
Sam is seen taking a leisurely jog along the beach. He stops.

[Iso shot of Sam.] "Some of the other doms seem willing to go to any
lengths to win the prize money. Sure, it's a lot of cash. But after
this is all over with, we still have to look at ourselves in the mirror
each morning."

[Iso shot of Mark and Nadine.] Mark is getting the fire going. "Last
night at the bonfire, the Major said we're just rats in a maze. I don't
want to end up the rat on the bottom. This was suppose to be a contest
with the best survivor winning the pot. If people are going to start
getting nasty, I'm not sure that I want to be a part of it.

[A camera crew find Max and Sierra off alone in the woods.] Max has
Sierra down on her back on a patch of soft grass and the two are
passionately making love. Max's clothing is strewn around the area and
we see his bare bum as he humps into his submissive.

[Zoom in to Sierra's face.] Sierra's eyes are tightly shut and she
thrashes her head around. Max strokes into her with a hard and steady
rhythm.

Sierra: "Oh God. Oh God. Oh God. Yes! Yes! Oh, Yesss!"

Sierra cums hard as Max continues his thrusting. Max drives her up, up,
and over the edge again. Sierra pulls hard on her wrist and ankle
chains and she cums, a long hard cuming that lasts and lasts. She
screams Max's name as she drops, shaking her head wildly as he
continues to thrust into her.

Back at the shelter, Eddie and Rusty are slicing up some meat and
frying strips of it in a pan. With the smells of the cooking in the
air, the late sleepers are getting up and moving around camp, heading
for the toilet, or standing around. Brandi and Marsha have gone to
check the mail, Colleen and John are scouting for fruit, and Edgar is
cutting up some bread. This early in the morning, and with the day
being quite warm, none of them have bothered with clothing.

Judith: "I guess there's no eggs."

Eddie: "There's no chickens on the island. There's birds, but I don't
think you can eat the eggs."

Rusty: "I saw some nests yesterday. Maybe we could try some."

Eddie: "Sure, why not."

People come and go, taking a plate of food and some coffee and sit,
having breakfast. Max and Sierra show up, with Sierra looking quite
happy. Trish sees her, as does Sue, and she nudges Peter who looks.

Sue: Quietly, to Peter. "Gee, I wonder what they've been up to."

Brandi and Marsha return with a scrap of paper and the cast gathers
around to hear the challenge. Brandi reads it.

Thirty cards
Two at a time
Could be a trick
Or something benign

Max: "Kent said it's a memory game. Matching the cards somehow, I bet."

Eddie: "Rewards or points, or a trick, something not so nice."

Judith: "Not nice for us, I'm sure."

Once breakfast is done, Colleen and John, Peter and Sue, offer to go
for water. Taking two jugs each, they set off down the jungle trail to
the well. John knows the way, so the two doms let the subs lead as they
follow at a leisurely pace.

Colleen: To Peter. "So what sorts of things do you and Sue like to do?"

Peter: "Well, Sue likes to be tied down so she can't move."

Sue: "Peter!"

Peter: "Well you do."

Colleen: "John likes that too."

Peter: "What about spankings, you two into that?"

Sue: "Peter!!"

Peter: "Sue's overdue for hers."

Colleen: "Regular discipline is very important."

Both dominants get the same idea at the same time. They reach out on
either side of the trail to snap branches off some trees. The two subs,
hearing this, begin moving faster. But with the short hobble chains and
the rough trail, they don't get very far.

Peter reaches out and grabs a handful of Sue's hair, slowing her down.
Brandi gets her arm around John's neck and bends him over. Together,
the two doms begin laying strokes of their tree branches across their
subs bare bums.

Sue opens her eyes and sees John's face inches from hers. His face is a
mask of pain and embarrassment, and he yells out at each of Brandi's
hard strokes. The absurdity of it hits her, that she and this other man
are getting whipped in the middle of a jungle, and she starts laughing.
Soon though, the pain in her bum becomes a bit too intense and she too
starts yelling at each smack of Peter's stick.

After ten smacks each, Peter gives Colleen a nod and they stop beating
their subs. Both Sue and John have a lovely, rosy, striped glow on
their bums from the whacks. Sue and John look to their masters with
eager, tear filled eyes. Tears from enduring the pain. Eager
anticipation of the reward after the punishment. That reward generally
being wild sex.

Peter: "Later, my pretty. We've got work to do first."

Somewhat reluctantly, the four pick up their water jugs and continue
on. A little further along the trail and they see the blue cover of the
well. Peter lifts the lid and drops the pail down, then hauls up a
bucket of water. The four each drink their fills before filling the
jugs.

On the way back to camp, John points out the fork in the trail that he
and the two girls took, last time he'd gone for water. John tells the
others about the mud pool they'd found. Sue rolls her eyes and looks to
Peter, whose interest has peaked.

Peter: "A mud pool? Let's go have a look."

So the four take the other trail through the thickening jungle. They
leave the water jugs at one point, to pick them up on the way back.
Colleen has no idea why Peter is so interested in a pool of mud, but Sue
knows. Too well does she know.

They come to the valley and descend down to where the ground gives way
to gray, sticky muck. Peter steps into the ooze and feels it squish
between his toes. He smiles, then wades in deeper.

Colleen: "Peter! That might be quicksand!"

Peter: "It's not."

At his next step he quickly sinks in up to his chest. Peter pauses a
moment to gain his footing in the soft clay beneath him.

Colleen: To Sue. "What's so special about sinking in muck?"

Sue: "Peter has a mud fetish."

Peter: "Sue!!"

Sue: "Well, watch."

Sue steps into the warm, slippery muck. She eases in up to her knees
and then belly flops into the middle of the pool. Sue dives in under
the surface, quickly popping up, totally covered in the gray mud.
Peter's eyes grow wide and he moves through the mud to her.

Peter and Sue embrace with the slippery muck squishing between their
bodies. Peter wipes the mud from Sue's face and hair and then kisses
her hard on the lips. John is standing in the mud and he inches in
deeper. Colleen looks at him and then at the other couple, who are
locked in a deep embrace, and she decides to give it a try. Taking hold
of her sub's arm, they ease deeper into the mud pool.

The dense muck has boyed Peter and Sue's bodies up to the top of the
pool. Ripples in the surface encircle them.

Colleen: "Are you two fucking?"

Sue: She giggles. "Yes."

Peter looks to Colleen and John and smiles at them. Colleen looks at
John and he lowers himself into the mud, pulling her down with him.

Colleen: "This is nuts."

Peter: "Try it, you'll like it."

The warm, slippery mud feels really strange, and kind of nice. Colleen
lets John pull her in deeper and she finds that the mud supports her
body much better than water. She lays easily on the surface and lets
her sub enter her. The slick mud makes it hard for her to get a grip on
his shoulders. John supports her back and lifts her up, then down, and
his cock fills her up. Colleen's nipples slide teasingly across John's
mud slickened chest as she begins her ride on his hard shaft.

[Camera pulls back.] Two sets of mud covered humans make wild love in a
pool of gray ooze. Sue and Peter are completely covered in the mud.
John's head has mud hand prints all over it. It's only Colleen that
hasn't got her hair and face full of mud. That soon changes as she and
John cum hard together. John loses his balance and they both keel over
in the muck. Colleen comes up spitting mud and wiping her eyes, Sue is
laughing, and Peter blasts a huge load into his sweet submissive.

The two couples play around in the muck a bit more, then, with
difficulty, they extricate themselves from the sticky ooze. Standing on
solid ground once more, they scrape as much mud as they can off each
other with their hands and fingers. After they clean up as much as
possible, they help each other up the small embankment and find the
trail again.

The mud that still coats their bodies has dried to a flaky crust when
they find their water jugs and pick them up. John and Sue begin having
trouble with their wrist and ankle cuffs. By the time they reach camp,
the mud under them has begun to dry, making the cuffs feel tight and
less flexible against their skin.

Judith and Marsha are in the kitchen area tidying up when the four
reach camp, and Judith turns to see four alien visitors coming out of
the jungle. She screams. Marsha turns to look and she screams too. It's
not until they see the water jugs, and the crusty, mud covered chains
on Sue's and Rusty's hands and feet, that they recognise their fellow
contestants.

Judith: "What the hell happened to you guys?"

Peter: "Uh, we fell in the mud."

Marsha: "Fell in the mud?"

Sue tells the others, for by now there's a crowd gathered, about the
mud pool, and she hints at what went on back there. She lets slip about
Peter's little fetish, but if he feels embarrassed it doesn't show. All
four are still covered in the gray mud from head to toe.

Brandi: "I need a swim. You coming, John?"

The four gray aliens meet others along the way to the beach, and the
tale of the mud pool is told again. The Major seems highly amused at
the antics that morning. The two doms and their subs walk out into the
ocean to wash, while some of others watch. It takes a long time for the
girls, especially Sue, to get all the mud rinsed out of their hair.

Peter has got Sue's hair brush from the shelter and he sits, brushing
out her long, now golden blond again, hair. Lunch is a pork chop
barbecue down on the beach. After that, the contestants follow the
trail to the clearing in the jungle, the site of the day's challenge.

In the clearing stand three card tables. Two have things piled on them
and are covered, one with a black cloth and one with a red one. Kent
stands before the end table, Brent and Kate are with him. Upon that
table's green felt surface, three piles of playing cards.

Kent: "Welcome. Before we start todays challenge, is everyone getting
enough to eat?"

[Laughter, murmurs of agreement.]

Sam: "Yeah, we've been living pretty high on the hog this past couple
days."

Edgar: "Some chicken would make a nice change from pork, though."

Kent: "It's funny that you mention that. One of the rewards today isn't
chicken, but a dozen eggs."

[Sounds of, "great, oh yeah."]

Kent: "Peter and Colleen. I heard that you and your subs got a bit
dirty this morning. Any comments?"

This time, without the mud, a rosy tinge is seen spreading on Peter
and Sue's faces.

Colleen: "Sue said that they enjoy a good mud bath. I kind of see why."

Kent: "Great. Ok, here's today's challenge. As I said yesterday, it's
sort of a memory game." Kent picks up one pile of cards and fans them
out in his hand. "Here we have the twenty, black, number cards. The ace
to the ten in clubs and spades." He picks up another pile. "These six
are the red, face cards. These are for rewards." Picks up the last pile
and fans them out. "These six are the black face cards. They represent
four points."

Kent: "In all, there are thirty two cards here. I'll put two face cards
aside, face up, one red and one black." He does this. "Now, we shuffle
the rest."

Kent: After he's shuffled the deck several times, he begins to lay them
out, face down on the table. "We'll lay these thirty cards out in a six
by five grid." Brent and Miss Kate move to the other tables. Kent has
all the cards down.

Kent: "Right. Now this is the game. One by one, each of you, doms and
subs, will step up and point to, or touch, two cards. I'll turn them
over, since you subs with your wrist chains may not be able to reach
two cards at the same time. If you pick two black face cards, there's
four points for the couple. Match two red face cards and you get a
reward."

Brent lifts the red cloth from his table where the rewards are piled.
There's two dozen eggs, there's a fishing kit with a net and also hooks
and proper line. And there's four nice, soft, fluffy pillows. Most of
the couples are looking at those pillows and thinking how nice they'd
be to sleep on.

Kent: "If the cards you choose are a face card and a number card,
there's no match and, once everyone's seen them, I put the cards back.
You need to try and remember where the face cards are, because matching
two of those is the way to win. In the beginning, if you pick one face
card and a number card, you can use one of these two on the side to
make a match. A match, and the two cards are out of play. No match, and
back down they go. Everyone Ok so far?"

A few of the subs are eyeing the still covered table where Miss Kate is
standing.

Kent: "Good. Now, what if you pick two of the black number cards? Well,
if it's a sub who draws a number card match, they get some nice
jewelry." Kate whips off the black cloth to reveal a pile of pairs of
shiny steel handcuffs. "If a dom draws a number card match, then it's
your sub that gets the cuffs. An unlucky sub might get more than one
set of cuffs today, and anyone who gets handcuffed will have to wear
them until tomorrow's competition.

"We'll run through this challenge twice today. So, for the reward you
can choose, two pillows, one dozen eggs, or the net. The second time,
again, two pillows, the fishing hooks or the eggs. Ok? Who wants to go
first?"

Peter is closest so he goes first. He touches two cards on the grid and
Kent turns them over, holding them up so everyone can see. One's a
number card and one's a red face card. Kent says, "Choose a reward,"
and Peter picks out the two fluffy pillows. Kent puts the two face
cards aside, the number card goes back down inside the grid where it
came from.

Sue's up next. She points to two cards, Kent turns them over, and Sue
draws two number cards. Cuffs. 

Kent puts the two cards aside. Not smiling anymore, Sue goes to Kate's
table. Miss Kate lifts a pair from the pile and snaps them around Sue's
wrists with her hands in front of her. Kate uses the key to engage the
double locks so the cuffs can't tighten up. They're on to stay.

Edgar draws a red face card and a number card. No match, the cards are
replaced in the grid. Judith tries the face card that Edgar chose, but
draws a number card with it. Sam picks the known face card and hits
luck with a match. He grins as he takes the fishing net.

The Major gets two number cards, but one of Jane's picks is a match for
the free black face card. Four points for the Major and Jane. Jane is
smiling as Kate locks her cuffs on.

One by one, each of the contestants take a turn in choosing two cards.
Brandi gets points, Marsha gets the cuffs. With a sad face, Marsha
moves to the Kate's table to have her cuffs locked on. Eddie draws
cuffs for Rusty and Rusty does also. Rusty watches with wide eyes as
Kate places the handcuffs around his skinny wrists. Kate snaps the
first pair on Rusty's wrists above his leather cuffs and the second set
below them, closer to his hands. Sierra wins the eggs, but also cuffs
when Max draws two number cards.

After everyone's had a turn there are six cards left on the table. Kent
turns them over. Two are black face cards, four points left unchosen.
He gathers up the cards, shuffles them, and resets the table.

After the second go around, Rusty and Marsha sport three pairs of
handcuffs each. Marsha is looking quite upset, as she knows that the
cuffs will remain on her wrists for the whole night, until the
challenge, tomorrow afternoon. Sierra and Myka each wear two pairs. All
of the subs but Nadine and Judith are stuck in cuffs.

The doms, however, are quite happy with the way the competition went.
Those that have won reward prizes are examining them, and others are
mentally adding up their new point totals.

Kent: "In today's competition, the Major and Jane have picked up eight
points. Brandi and Marsha, Lisa and Myka, Colleen and John, you each
get four. We also have a dozen eggs that nobody won." Kent hands the
carton of eggs to Mark. "Here, make a big omelet for breakfast. You can
all head back to camp, and I'll see you here at high noon tomorrow, for
the main points competition."

If the subs thought it was hard moving around with the twelve inch
chain between their wrists, having the less than two inches between the
cuffs makes it much worse. With those that have two and three sets of
handcuffs, as well as the leather cuffs and chain dangling from their
wrists, trying to use their hands for anything proves almost
impossible.

Back at camp, except for Judith and Nadine who have escaped the card
game handcuff free, the mood of the subs is sullen. Trying to eat
becomes a chore, and even going to the latrine is a whole new
experience. Rusty puts up with his three pairs of cuffs, but Marsha is
particularly uncomfortable having her hands weighed down with all that
metal. Brandi feeds her submissive her supper and then helps her off
into the jungle, later, for a little private consolation.

That night in the shelter there is heard much clanking and scraping, as
the handcuffed submissives try to get comfortable. Peter and Sue, Edgar
and Judith, sleep soundly though, with their heads on those nice fluffy
pillows.

[Cue commercial.] / [Return.]

[Title: DAY TEN.]

[Morning on the beach.] Jane and Sue don't manage to get a very good
workout with their handcuffs on. Peter is taking his run along the
beach and the Major has joined him. It's a glorious sunny morning, hot,
and the Major has left his tee shirt at camp and is wearing just his
shorts.

Out in the water, Sam is trying out the fishing net. Edgar is helping
him chase fish into the net and, rather quickly, they return to shore
with a half dozen nice sized fish.

In the camp, the subs wearing the cuffs are still moody. A few have not
had much sleep. The two that missed getting cuffed are fixing breakfast
for the group and Eddie is helping them. It's fried ham and eggs this
morning, along with some grilled fish and fruit. Marsha is upset at
being cuffed so tightly with her three sets, and Rusty is unusually
subdued throughout the delicious meal.

Eddie: "I think that the subs with the most handcuffs should go for the
mail today."

Brandi: "Yes, I agree."

Sam: "All in favour?"

All the doms raise their hands.

Sam: "Motion carried."

After a bit of whining, Rusty and Marsha set out for the mail tree.
They make it to the beach and Marsha stumbles along slowly in her ankle
chain. She walks with her head down, her hands pulled down by the
weight of the cuffs. Rusty looks at her as they move down the beach.

Rusty: "Jeeze, Marsha. Quit fighting it and accept it. We're stuck in
these cuffs till later, so why not make the best of it?"

Marsha: "Maybe you can better accept it because you like it. But I
don't. Brandi never locks me up for the whole night. I didn't sleep a
wink with these on."

Rusty stops walking and takes Marsha's hands in his own. He feels her
wrists around the three sets of handcuffs and her leather cuffs.

Rusty: "They aren't too tight. They can't be hurting too much. What's
wrong?"

Marsha: "I just don't like to be locked up so tight for so long."

Rusty: They start walking again. "You don't like this?"

Marsha: "No."

Rusty: "But I thought. . . ."

Marsha: "What?"

Rusty: "Eddie took me into the jungle last night. I was so horny that
I couldn't stand it anymore. We heard you and Brandi. It sounded like
you were having as much fun as I was. I thought that all submissives
liked being locked up tight like this."

Marsha: She stops and turns to Rusty. "You really don't mind having all
these handcuffs on, do you?"

Rusty: He laughs. "Well it's uncomfortable and it makes it hard to do
things. But no, I don't mind. I rather like feeling like this.
Especially outside, walking around in the open. I know that Eddie will
look out for me and he'll take care of me. And so I'm free to simply
enjoy my feeling so helpless."

Marsha: She starts walking again. "Brandi has been extra nice to me
since we came back from the challenge."

Rusty: "Well sure. When we're chained up like this, it's like we've
lost our power. To a dominant, seeing us trapped and helpless,
powerless, it makes them feel even more powerful. They see us as
weakened by being chained up like this and they want to show their
power by making us feel better. So we suffer a bit of discomfort for a
while. Isn't it worth it?"

Marsha: She's quiet for a few moments. "Brandi made me cum five times
last night, in the forest. And later on, in bed, she held me so
tenderly all night. It was really sweet."

Rusty: "Eddie made me cum twice. I like feeling stuck like this, but I
love the way he treats me when I am. Usually he lets me go at some
point, but he can't during this contest. And that's helping to keep us
both horny as hell. Last night was one of the best."

Marsha stops again and takes Rusty's hands in her own. The cuffs and
chains rattle and clank together as she lifts herself up on her toes,
then kisses Rusty on his cheek.

Marsha: "Thanks, Rusty."

Rusty: "For what?"

Marsha: "For helping me to understand."

Rusty: "You're welcome, Marsha."

The two submissives reach the mail tree, and Rusty reaches into the
tube. He finds a slip of paper inside and pulls it out. On it, is
printed:

Sub hunt.
The clearing, at noon.
O.K.

Marsha: "Look."

Inside the wooden box under the mail tube is a small plastic box of
balls. A little bigger than marbles, they are all different colours.
Marsha reaches in with her hands and picks it up. She awkwardly opens
the box and touches them.

Marsha: "They're soft. Kind of squishy."

Rusty: "Careful. Those are paintballs."

Back at camp, everyone gathers around to read the note and examine the
box of balls. There are ten of the little balls, each a different
colour.

Sam: "Paintballs. Anyone ever play it?"

Peter: "Sue and I have."

Sam: "Us too. Up at the cottage one year. I borrowed a friend's gun and
I hunted Trish, then she hunted me."

Sue: "Normal paintballs feel harder than these do. Maybe because we
don't have any clothes on these are softer, so they won't hurt as
much."

Judith: "Maybe it's us who get to hunt the doms."

Everyone turns to look at her.

Judith: "No, I guess not."

Leftover pork roast is sliced up, and the rest of the bread is used to
make a pile of pork sandwiches. After lunch, the gang head along the
trail to the clearing for the day's challenge.

Kent stands near a table with five big paintball guns on it and boxes
of ammo. On a board that's standing up, is a map of the area. Brent and
Kate are there, along with someone new.

Kent: "Welcome. Before we start, I'd like to introduce our weapons
officer, 'Spider' Anderson. Spider is here to handle setting up the
guns, and he'll give you doms a quick training lesson, in case you've
never used one of these before."

Kent: He picks up one of the guns. "These fire those small paintballs
that you've seen this morning. Each dom gets to pick a different
colour. The balls have been specially made for this challenge and are a
little softer than a normal paintball. Since you subs don't have any
protective clothing, I think you'll appreciate that. Before we begin,
the subs need some preparations. Kate?"

Miss Kate produces a couple keys and hands one to Brent. The subs
gather around and their handcuffs are removed. Brent then pulls a
cardboard box from under the table and opens it. A few of the subs gasp
after seeing what's inside.

Kent: "Each sub gets to wear a protective hood that has lenses fitted
to cover your eyes. We don't want anyone to get hurt out there. Now
everyone pay attention to the map here."

[Camera on map.] The map shows the clearing and a trail or road leading
out on the top right corner. The road from the clearing joins another
road that runs partially across the middle of the island.

Kent: "The area of this challenge is bounded by the back road. No one
is to go across that road. To the left, there," Kent points, "about
half a mile in, you'll come to a yellow tape running through the
jungle. That's the other boundary. The clearing, the road off it, and
the trail you took to get here mark the right side.

"The game is simple. The subs will get a twenty minute start to run and
hide anywhere within the area. Then, one at a time, each dom will go
in. You have fifteen minutes to shoot as many subs as you can. Each hit
gets you and your sub two points. You can score three hits on one sub,
then you have to find another. Hits on your own sub don't count, but if
you find your sub, he or she can help you in finding the others.

"A hit anywhere on a sub's body gets two points. A clean kill, that is
a hit on breasts or pussy, or for the guys, on the ass or groin area,
gets an extra two points. So three 'clean kill' shots and it's twelve
points. Three hits anywhere and it's six points. That's one sub 'dead',
then you have to find another.

"We have six manned cameras working inside the area, and one will go in
following you. Miss Kate and Brent may be in there too, observing. Try
not to hit any of them!" Miss kate uncoils the whip from her belt and
cracks it in the air. "Especially Miss Kate. Just kidding folks, but be
careful out there. We don't want any accidents."

While Kent has been explaining the rules to the doms, Brent and Kate
have been fitting the subs with their protective hoods. The hoods are
made from rather thick rubber and cover each sub's head completely.
Thick pads cover their ears, for protection, of course. The pads also
cut off almost all of their hearing.

[Voiceover.] One of the hoods is displayed before the camera. "Each
hood has a built in gag pad that fits into the subs mouth and prevents
them from making much sound. The eye protection consists of small,
glass, fish eye lenses, sewn into the eye holes of the hoods."

[View from inside one of the hoods.] It's like looking through two of
those door peep hole viewers. The cheap, crappy kind.

All of the subs have now been fitted with the hoods, which are locked
on with a strap around their necks and under their chins. Kate and
Brent are herding them from the clearing and into the hunting area.
Spider is explaining the workings of the paintball guns to the doms.
Kent stands the board with the map on it against a tree, and the doms
each take a few practice shots, trying to hit it.

Kent: "If during the hunt your gun jams, just hold it up over your head
and call out. All of the crew has radios and I'll stop the clock for
you. After your fifteen minutes, I'll blow this air horn and your turn
is over."

The dom's practice time is finished, the sub's twenty minutes hiding
time done, Spider takes one of the guns and opens it. He runs some
water through it and pushes a cleaning rag down the barrel. Then he
screws on a fresh CO2 cylinder. A blast of gas from the gun and the
wadded rag flies across the clearing.

Kent: "Ok. We'll draw cards for the hunting order. Ace goes first, the
ten last."

Kent fans out the ten cards and each dom draws one. Sam gets the ace.

Kent: "What colour do you want?"

Sam: "Green."

Spider dumps a box of green balls into the gun's hopper and snaps the
lid down. He hands the weapon to Sam.

Kent: He holds a stopwatch. "Ready, Sam?" Kent starts the clock and
shouts, "GO!"

Sam runs toward the jungle and is gone. [The camera follows behind him.]
[Cut to: Other cameras trained on some of the subs.] Rusty is tangled
up in some bushes. Judith has burrowed under some leafy plants, but her
bum is teasingly exposed. Sue is standing in the open, trying to see
through the lenses in her hood. You can tell it's Sue because of her
long blond hair spilling from under her hood. Myka is also recognizable
from her darker skin and long hair. She's crouched behind some rocks.

Sam sees his first target. He can't make out who she is, but she's
cowering behind a tree. Sam has come up behind her. He squeezes off one
shot and the green ball splatters across the girl's back. She spins
around and Sam gets a shot at her left breast. The sub's hands raise up
to cover them and Sam nails a pussy shot. Ten points! Sam moves on.

Another sub, hiding in some plants. Doof! Doof! A miss as she rolls
over, green down one leg. Sam wheels around and sees another. Three
quick shots and three green splotches on the girl's ass and legs.
Rusty, in a panic, pulling at his ankle chain that's tangled in the
bushes. Doof, Doof, Doof! One hits him right in the nuts. Eight points.

A head shot to a sub and then Sam realises that it's Trish. But she's
pointing and waving three fingers! Sam follows her lead and comes upon
two females and a male. A flurry of shots, three 'clean kills' and six
hits.

Sam sees another, but the horn sounds just then. Sam turns towards the
camera, raises the weapon in the air, and yells the yell of the mighty
hunter. Smiling all the way back, he returns to the clearing.

Kent is ready with the stopwatch, and as Sam appears, another dom is
set to go. It's Brandi. "GO!" shouts Kent and he clicks the watch.

A member of the crew has set the map board back up near the table and,
on the clean side, he's writing Sam's name. He's in radio contact with
the crew in the jungle and is tallying up Sam's score. It's fifty two
points for Sam and Trish!

Meanwhile, Brandi finds her first target. Doof, Doof, Doof. Three shots
of pink splattered on Rusty, who's still trapped in the tangle of
bushes. And now with big pink splotches on his back and each ass cheek.
Brandi quickly moves on.

Brandi moves fast and takes shots on the run. Although she racks up a
lot of misses, she gets in some pretty fine shots as well. Judith, she
guesses, crouched behind a tree. A shot to her ass that gets her up and
turning. Then one to the pussy. Her hands drop to cover herself and
Brandi pegs Jude's left tit. Ten points for Brandi.

Sierra has climbed a low tree and is hiding in amongst the big leaves.
A sitting duck. Brand fires off three fast shots. Three hits, six
points. Behind a log. It's her friend Colleen's sub, John. Two on his
ass and one in the shoulder. Pinky strikes again.

The sound of the air horn and Colleen starts back. By the time she
reaches the clearing, her score is up on the board. Sixty six points
for Brandi and Marsha!

Next up, the Major. He's chosen the red paintballs. His tactic is slow
and steady. Although he takes the time to set his shots, most of them
strike the high score 'clean kill' areas. The Major turns in a good
score of seventy two points.

Mark takes white ammo, and his style is to quickly find a target, then
set careful shots. He blasts his own sub, Nadine, in both breasts
before he sees that it's her. "Sorry Hon," he says, and moves on.

Max picks orange. When he gets the start he runs headlong into the
jungle. Right away he trips over a root and goes head over heels in the
dirt. But he gets up, looks around, then takes off. Most of the others
see him fall. "Idiot," comments the Major. Max draws just fifty points.

Edgar chooses the purple balls. He starts off slow but soon gets into
the game. He chases down one sub who's running as fast as her hobble
chain will allow, which isn't very fast. Edgar picks his target and
lets fly. Two big purple splats on the sub's side and one on her tit.
Another, behind a tree. Her face, or rather the front of her hood, is
covered in white paint. She's trying to clean off the lenses so she can
see. Doof. Doof. Doof. Two in the crotch and then purple paint in the
face. Edgar wins sixty points for himself and Jude.

Myka has picked her hiding place well. She's up in some rocks. By
crouching down, many of the hunters have passed by her and not seen her
up there. The Major guessed though, knowing a good hiding place when he
saw it, and has pegged her with three red splotches. Max got her once,
when she was looking the wrong way, as did Mark. Myka is waiting for
her mistress, Lisa.

Lisa is the last to go. Her colour is bright yellow. Her and Myka have
worked out a plan. Myka was to seek the high ground and then direct
Lisa to the other subs. Lisa scans up high as she runs through the
jungle. Rusty, still trapped in the bushes and covered in paint of all
colours makes an easy target. Lisa takes the shots and moves on.

Up on the rocks, Myka finally sees her mistress and stands up. She
can't call out because of the gag, so she waves her chained hands. Lisa
sees her. Myka holds up three fingers and points to the left. Lisa
finds three subs huddled in some bushes. Nine shots, twenty eight
points. Myka directs Lisa's attention ahead of her. A sub stumbling
around blindly, purple paint on her lenses. An easy twelve points.
Behind the rocks, another two. Then ahead, twenty yards. It's Sue.
Doof. Doof. Doof. Ten points.

Lisa pulls down the score of the day. Eighty two points. Kent blasts
three long bursts of the air horn, the signal for the subs to return.
Sadly, most of them are too far away to hear through the thick ear pads
of their hoods, or are blinded by paint splattered over their lenses.
The camera crews, who've been following the subs, are ready to wash
paint off lenses and help round everyone up.

As the subs are brought back to the clearing, Miss Kate and Brent
unlock each one's hood and remove them. They wash down the equipment,
the hoods and the guns. The subs are left covered in paint. All except
for Jane.

Kent: "Jane! You don't have any paint on you!"

Jane: "No, Sir. I moved fast to the outer perimeter and then I ducked
and covered, Sir."

Kent: "Run, then hide. Excellent strategy Jane. Myka, you didn't take
very many hits. What were your plans going into today's competition?"

Myka: "I was lucky, Sir. I also found a good hiding place."

Rusty, who's totally splattered in every colour of paint, except for
his head where the hood covered it, is rubbing his sore, multicoloured
cock and balls.

Kent: "Rusty. It looks like you got the worst of todays challenge.
Anything to add?"

Rusty: "Owch!"

Kent: "Owch, indeed. Well contestants, you've all done very well today.
The results posted on the board are the unofficial scores. In the heat
of battle something may have been missed, so we'll go over the tapes
and announce the final scores tomorrow. Thanks for a great competition!
You can all head back to camp now."

The group makes it's way out of the clearing and along the jungle
trail. Down at the beach, the doms have the subs line up and they take
turns, pointing out their hits on the subs colourful bodies. The doms
are in great spirits, pointing out their hits and bragging on how they
made each 'clean kill' shot. The subs are less enthusiastic about the
afternoon's challenge, and reluctantly stand there on display while
each dom verifies his or her hits.

After some time the subs are released, and they head straight for the
water for a group wash. It takes a while, and a bit of scrubbing with
sand, to get all the dried up paint off their bodies but, eventually,
ten much cleaner subs are sitting along the beach, drying off.

Dispite the promise of the paintballs being less hard than regular
ones, each sub, except for Jane who suffered no hits, have bright red
dots all over them from where the balls hit. By night time, the red
dots have deepened into little round, purple bruises. Breasts are quite
tender, and John and Rusty's nuts still ache.

Dinner is another big pork roast, with rice and fish, and with bellies
full, our tired contestants turn in for the night.

[Roll credits.]  [Split screen with credits, show points totals.]

* Official Scores *

Lisa and Myka            96
The Major and Jane       90
Peter and Sue            85
Edgar and Judith         83
Mark and Nadine          77
Brandi and Marsha        75
Sam and Trish            75
Eddie and Rusty          74
Colleen and John         72
Max and Sierra           64

[END Episode 3.]

[Voiceover:] "Next time, on Surviver."

"Three of the dominants go exploring on Surviver Island." [Show Eddie,
Sam and Mark, walking down a long stretch of beach.] "That evening,
some interesting revelations come out at the evening bonfire." [Colleen
and Brandi, laughing.]

"And a specially prepared meal is served up to the dominants." [Show
the ten doms, sitting around a table. They lift the covers off the
trays. Three of them scream.]

 - End of file -






 Episode  4.     SURVIVER          (C) dino 2001

[Start.]

[Voiceover and show scenes of island.] "Twenty people, ten dominant -
submissive couples, stranded on a tiny south seas island. Every three
days the couples will have to compete against each other in two
challenge competitions, for rewards, and for points. At the end of
twenty days, the five couples with the fewest number of points will
have to leave the island, while the rest will continue on for another
twenty days. In the end, the couple with the highest number of points
will be declared the winner, and will walk away with One Million
Dollars."

"Last time on Surviver:" [Run clips as the host, Kent, speaks.] "The
Major comes through, with meat for the group. He caught and killed one
of the pigs." [Show pig, hanging from a tree.] "While a few in the
group are upset by the gruesome sight, most of the others get busy in
helping to cut up the hog."

[Show pig carcass on the table.] The Major swings a machete down hard
on it's neck. The head separates from the body and rolls to the edge,
falling off into the sand. A cheer goes up from a few of the
contestants gathered around the table. [Quick clips of machete blows.
Show Edgar and Myka trimming roasts, chops.]

"The pig barbecue is a big success." [Show Marsha, eating some meat.]
Marsha: "Mmmmm!" [Show Kent driving up, chests of ice in the Jeep. Clip
of Kent Brockman, joining the feast.]

"That evening, a few of the dominants discuss their situation while
sitting around the campfire." Major: "We're rats in a maze. The rat
that climbs over the other rats gets the cheese."

"Next morning, while on a water run, Peter, Colleen, and their subs
find the volcanic mud pool." [Show clip: Peter and Sue in the mud
having sex. Colleen and John join them.]

"That day's challenge was a memory game played with cards. Pick the
right cards and win points or a reward," [Show rewards table.] "pick
the wrong ones, something not so nice." [Show pile of cuffs, handcuffed
subs. Clips of them trying to do things with two and three sets of
cuffs on.] "The submissives were forced to endure the more restrictive
bondage until the next day's competition."

"The points challenge was a sub hunt, played with paintballs. [Show
scenes from the hunt.]

"Lisa and Myka now lead in the points totals, followed by The Major and
Jane in second, and Peter and Sue, who've dropped into third. Stay with
us, as our survivers move closer to one of them walking off this island
with One Million Dollars."

[Run Opening Title Sequence.]  [Episode Intro Sequence: 65 seconds.]

05 seconds -     Airport: small plane taking off - classic over the
camera shot.

12 seconds -     Small plane flying over water - slow zoom to cockpit -
jungle drums begin building.

17 second sequence - ahead view, flying low over water. Plane banks
left, island comes into view as title music breaks in and dialogue
begins (see below). Pull up, camera tilts down, show fly over of
island, trees etc.

20 second sequence - show cast: head shots, 2 seconds each couple,
background is island shore as plane flies past.

11 seconds -     Night view of beach from point offshore: fast zoom in
to bonfire, chained submissives dancing around it. Expand title and
logo. Hold for 5 seconds.

Fade to black.

Intro Dialogue:

Island fly over: "Ten couples, stranded on a tiny south seas island,
forced to fend for themselves. Every three days the couples must
compete in two challenges, for rewards, and for points that will lead
to one of our couples winning a grand prize of One Million Dollars."

Show cast: "Within each of these couples, one person is in control
while the other person submits to that control. One is dominant while
the other is submissive. Each submissive is fitted with wrist and ankle
cuffs and chains which will hamper their movements, and which shall be
worn by them at all times while on the island."

Night view: "In the end, one couple will walk away as the sole
survivers."

[End episode intro.]


[Title: DAY ELEVEN.]

[Early morning's light, on the beach.] The Major, Peter, Sam, and their
subs, are doing exercises. They all move with a definite sluggishness
from eating the rich food for the past couple days. Sue and Trish have
small, round, purple and red bruises all over them. Jane was fortunate
to escape the paintball challenge without getting shot, so her body has
no such markings.

It's warm for early morning. The Major and Sam wear shorts, the others
are nude.

Sam: "Eating all that pork really slowed me down on the hunt yesterday.
At least you subs didn't have to run around much."

Trish: "Yeah, it was really easy to just stand there and get blasted
with paintballs!"

Peter: "We need to get back into shape if we want to win any physical
challenges."

Major: "How much of the pig is left?"

Peter: "Still lots for today. Maybe tomorrow too, if we take it easy."

Sam: "It's the ice that's going fast. I doubt that Kent will show up
with more."

Peter: "I heard Mark saying he wants to make a raft of some kind and
try fishing, out past the reef."

Major: "Fish is what we should be eating. Pork is too fattening."

Sue: "Tasty though."

Trish: "With fried potatoes."

Sue: "Dripping in grease."

Trish: "Mmmmm!"

Peter: "I'm hungry. When's breakfast?"

Back at camp, the others are awake and moving around. Edgar is frying
up some sliced ham in a pan over the fire. Brandi is whipping up a
dozen eggs in a pot, and Lisa is slicing up a couple of onions. She
takes the cooked meat and cuts it up while the onions are being fried.
All is mixed in with the egg, then cooked up into a big omelet. The
smells of cooking draws everyone near and they each take some fruit,
and a portion of the omelet, then sit down to eat.

A few of the subs look towards Jane with slight animosity when she sits
beside them with her food. Rusty's and John's balls are still smarting,
and Sierra's big tits ache like crazy. All from getting blasted with
paintballs, which Jane nicely managed to avoid.

Sierra sits on a log, picking flecks of paint off one ankle cuff. 

Sierra: "So, Jane. How come you didn't get shot yesterday?"

Jane: "The Major taught me that if the enemy can't find you, they can't
hit you. I dug in and waited it out."

Myka: "That was a good strategy. Your dom didn't waste shots on you and
the others couldn't score points off you."

John: To Myka. "I see that you didn't take too many hits."

Myka: "I hid too. Up in the rocks. Lisa and I talked before the
challenge, and I said that if us subs were allowed to assist our
partners in finding the others, then I should find a position up high,
near the action, where I could see where you all were."

Sierra: "So you were up there ratting us out?"

Myka: "Nooo. I was helping my mistress locate the targets. It Was a
competition, after all."

Nadine: "But us subs are suppose to stick together and help one
another out!"

Jane: "Wrong, Nadine. We're suppose to be working with our Masters to
make sure that he wins the money."

Nadine: "Well, Duh! But we still should be looking out for each other."

Myka: "No, Nadine. I don't think we should be deliberately trying to
fuck each other up, but my first duty has to be to make sure that my
Mistress wins the challenge. I can't help you if it means that Lisa
loses out on gaining points. This is a game, and we all want to win."

Rusty: "Well that makes my nuts feel a whole lot better."

A few of the subs look at him, then Sierra starts laughing. Her tits
begin bouncing and she quickly brings up her arms to cradle them.

Sierra: "Owch."

[A remote camera picks up Max and Sierra, after breakfast, walking down
the beach to check the mail.]

Max: "Dammit, Sierra. I had Trish lined up in my sights and you stepped
right in front of me!"

Sierra: "Yeah? Well we're in last place now. Nice shootin', Tex."

Max: "That gun I got wasn't shooting straight."

Sierra: "Oh come On, Max! You can't shoot for Shit! That wasn't one of
your crappy computer games, It wa. . . ."

Max grabs Sierra's shoulder and wheels her around to face him.

Max: "Don't you Fuckin' talk to Me like that!"

Max gives her a shove and she sprawls down on the sand.

Sierra: "You IDIOT!"

Max: "BITCH!"

Max goes down and slaps Sierra hard across the face. She throws a
handful of sand in his face. Max takes hold of one thigh and flips her
over, face down in the sand. He starts spanking her on the bum.

Max: "I'll," Whack "teach," Whack "you," Whack "some," Whack "manners!"

Sierra is holding on to her big breasts to stop them from bouncing
around at each of the hard spanks to her ass. Max pauses just long
enough to undo his shorts and kick them off his legs. He hoists
Sierra's ass up in the air and, kneeling behind her, he enters her.
Sierra's cunt is slick and ready from the rough foreplay.

[Voiceover:] "Some people like it rough, and Max and Sierra happen to
be two of those kind of people."

Sierra pushes back on Max's rock hard cock as it fills her pussy to the
limit. Max grabs a hip in each hand and starts giving it to his
submissive, hard and fast, pounding her with his big fuck tool.

Sierra's hands are in front of her, holding her face off the sand. Her
tits bounce freely, hitting her chin. The pain from the paintball
bruises on her breasts add to her delight from the sudden and base fury
of their coupling.

Max whips his head around with each thrust as he pounds into his sub.
His fingers dig painfully into her hips and he cums hard into her.
Sierra feels his cock grow within her and she clenches it tight within
her cunt. The added friction drives her over the top, and they both
orgasm together in a powerful flood of release.

[Cut to:] Max and Sierra have dragged themselves to a shady spot of
beach. Max lays against a log, Sierra, with her head on his chest. Her
face is flushed and they're both breathing hard from their exertions.
Max lowers his head to gently kiss Sierra on her forehead.

Max: "You're the greatest, Sierra."

Sierra: "I love you so much."

Max: "Weren't we out here to do something?"

Sierra: Thinks a moment. "The mail."

Max: "Oh yeah."

The two rouse themselves. Max gives his sub a hand getting up and they
continue down the beach toward the mail tree. Max reaches into the tube
and lifts out a scrap of paper. He scans the official results from the
sub hunt.

Max: "We picked up another two points from the hunt. We're at sixty
four now."

Sierra: "What's the top?"

Max: "The girls, Lisa and Myka. Ninety-six."

Sierra: "So we're only down thirty two points."

Max: "We can make it up."

Sierra: "We can, if you quit falling on your ass all the time."

Max: "WHAT! What Did You Say To ME?!"

[Camera zooms out.] Sierra takes off, but Max tackles her into the
sand. The two roll around a bit.

[Cue commercial.] / [Return.]

Back at camp, the contestants go over the points totals. Mark and Eddie
are down on the beach, working on making a raft. They have two big logs
with a bunch of thinner ones across, and they're lashing the whole
thing together with rope and vines. A few at a time, the others move
down to the beach to help out, or mostly, to sit around and watch.

The raft is ready and it takes four strong doms to lift it and carry it
into the water. Sam and Mark climb aboard. They both have flat boards
with which to paddle the thing, and they start making their way out
from the beach.

Several big waves bounce the raft up and down in the water. The
movement begins to loosen the ropes and flimsy vines, and soon, the
raft begins to fall apart. Sam goes into the water, followed shortly
after by Mark. The two wade ashore with raft pieces washing up behind
them.

Eddie: He sits with Mark and Sam amid bits of the raft. "Well that was
a big waste of time."

Mark: "At least we know what not to do."

Sam: "We need more rope, or something. We have to lash everything
tight together so the waves don't break it apart."

Eddie: "The Major's pig catching wire would work, but we're going to
have to eat again sometime. Besides, there isn't that much."

Mark: "Why don't we scout around a bit? We might find some wreckage of
something along the beach or in the jungle."

Sam: "There might be a beer store on the other side of the island!"

Eddie: "We don't have any money. They took it all when we came here."

Sam: "We could trade a pork roast for some."

Eddie: "Ok."

Mark: "Hey. What about finding something for the boat?"

Sam: "Ok, sure."

After a pork roast lunch with beans and rice, Sam, Mark and Eddie set
out to explore the island a bit. Sam has a machete strapped to his
belt and Eddie carries a jug of water. They walk north, along the
beach. A camera crew follows them.

Sam: "That road on the map yesterday, anyone get out that far during
the hunt?"

Mark: "I saw it. Just an overgrown trail. I guessed that it went to the
well and they brought in a truck of water along it."

Sam: "Did it look new, or was it here before?"

Mark: "Don't know. There were fresh cut trees, but it could have been
old. Why?"

Sam: "Maybe people have been here before."

Mark: "What? Like an old Army base or something?"

Eddie: "Could be."

The three doms continue down the beach until they see something of a
trail leading off into the jungle. Sam thinks that it leads to the
clearing where some of their challenges have taken place. They decide
to follow the beach a while longer.

The day is hot and the sunlight bright, so Eddie takes out a bottle of
sunscreen and applies some to his arms and chest. The others do the
same, and Eddie offers to do their backs. The other two men look at
him. Sam can't resist ribbing Eddie about his being gay.

Sam: "You're not going to enjoy this too much, are you?"

Eddie: He grins. "I'll try not to let my excitement show."

The doms cover their skin with the sun lotion and then move on.

They round a point of land and they see the wreck of something big, out
in the water. When they get closer they see that the sand has banked up
around the wreck and they can walk out to it. It might have been a
freighter, or a war ship, but the sea has reduced the thing to twisted
junk. The iron ribs are all that's left, standing tall, like the bones
of some great dinosaur.

Eddie pulls up some bits of wire but the insulation crumbles to dust in
his hands. The copper wire is also just green dust, oxidized by the
elements. Mark climbs into the hulk to find the footing precarious, so
the group decides to leave the wreck alone.

Mark: "There's nothing of use here."

A little further on and Mark stops and stands, peering into the jungle.

Mark: "See those trees? It looks like something big came through and
sheared them off. These rotted logs are all pointing the same way."

Sam: "Lets check it out."

The three turn into the jungle. The going is tough and Sam has to hack
at the dense undergrowth with the machete to clear a path. They find
more evidence of trees knocked down by something big crashing through
them.

A couple hundred yards in and they see the wreckage of a plane. Twisted
metal and shattered plexiglass, the hulk is barely recognizable as
such. The jungle has nearly reclaimed the remains, but on the side of
the fuselage can faintly be made out, the emblem of a Japanese Zero. A
fighter plane from the Second World War.

Eddie: "I bet there's piles of junk like this all over the place. This
area saw a lot of action back then."

Sam: "I bet the Major would like to see this."

Mark: "See anything worth taking?"

Sam: "Nope."

The wing tanks could have made great pontoons, if they weren't torn
open in the crash. The three follow the trail back to the beach.

[Cut to:] Back at camp, most of the girls are enjoying a relaxing day
on the beach. Brandi, Lisa and their subs are splashing around out in
the water. Edgar and Judith are fishing the reef with bamboo poles and
lines with hooks. They're using leftover pork roast for bait. Sue,
Nadine, and Trish, are laying on their wrap dresses on the beach,
taking some sun.

Nadine: To Trish. "You two have a cottage? Where abouts?"

Trish: "It's in central Pennsylvania, in the mountains near a little
town called Belleville. The whole area is hilly and it's really pretty
country. Sam's family owns seven thousand acres of mountains. That's
where the cottage is."

Sue: "Peter and I have been there. It's really isolated."

Trish: "It is. We don't get very many unexpected visitors."

Sue: To Nadine. "Ever do any outdoor bondage? Peter and I did once. We
rented a cottage in the fall when there aren't so many people around."

Nadine: "What did you do?"

Sue: "Well, no. I've never told anyone about this."

Trish: "You can tell us. We're all into this stuff. Go on."

Sue: "Well, the cottage came with a canoe, so we paddled around the
lake the first day. It wasn't such a big lake, but we found a couple
little rivers to explore. There were a few people around on the
weekend, but by Monday, we had the whole lake to ourselves.

"One day, Peter packed us a bag with some lunch and we set out to row
down one of the rivers. We got to a small waterfall and we could have
carried the boat around it, but Peter said, "Take off your clothes,
Sue." I looked around but we hadn't seen anyone else for two days, so I
did.

"It was mid September but it was a sunny, hot day. So there I was,
standing stark naked, outside in the open. Peter opened the bag and I
thought we'd just sit and have lunch. But he had other ideas. He pulled
our two sets of handcuffs out from the bag. "Peter! What are you
doing?", I asked. He said that he'd seen a map of the area in town and
there were no roads leading there, so we'd be alone. He was smiling,
and I knew that look, so I thought, "Well, what the hell." Deep down I
really wanted to try something like that anyway.

"So Peter had me sit down on a rock and he put one pair of cuffs around
my ankles. Then he had me put my hands behind me and he snapped the
cuffs on my wrists. There I was, naked and locked in cuffs, sitting in
the open on a rock. I wasn't minding it too much, especially after we
started fooling around. He's always so nice to me when I'm helpless
like that.

"He went to the bag and pulled out the Poloroid camera. I was really
horny by then so I posed for him, sitting on a rock in the bright
sunshine, handcuffs on my hands and feet. He showed me the pictures and
I had to admit, I looked pretty hot!

"Then he picked me up and carried me to a grassy spot beside the river.
He lay me down, and then he started to take his clothes off. We did it
right there, right outside in the open beside that little river. It was
really nice."

Marsha: "What happened then?"

Trish is listening to Sue with her eyes closed. She looks around to see
that a few of the other's have gathered around to hear Sue's story.

Sue: "Nothing much. Peter took the cuffs off my hands and we had some
lunch. Then, later on, he uncuffed my ankles and we paddled back to the
cottage. It was really nice though, being nude and locked up like that,
outside in the open."

Lisa: "Something like you all are right now."

Trish: "Yeah, but here we're not alone. It's different when there's
only Sam and I around. Here, there's you guys, and the camera crews
are always hanging around. Later on, when the shows air, they'll be
thousands of people watching us cavort naked on the beach all chained
up. It's not the same as when you're alone."

Colleen: "It's not as intimate."

Trish: "Right. Here, we're doing this for the show. Back home, we're
doing things only for ourselves. For our own enjoyment.

Nadine: "Plus here, in this setting, it's accepted that we walk around
naked and with chains on. Outside, any place else, there's the added
thrill of someone coming along and seeing you like that."

Trish: "I got a scare the first time I locked myself up outside. This
was before I met Sam. I was by myself and I almost got caught by a
bunch of guys. I ducked behind some bushes and I guess they didn't see
me because they walked right by. I thought that they would hear my
heart pounding, it seemed so loud. After they'd gone I was so hot, I
had to do something right then and there."

Myka: "I know that feeling."

Marsha: "Yeah, me too!"

[Cut to: Sam, Mark and Eddie, exploring the island.]

The three doms have almost reached the northern tip of the island by
now. [The steady drone of a motor can be heard.]

Mark: "You hear that?"

Sam: "Sounds like a generator. Let's have a look."

Past the next bay and they see a large boat leaving the island to head
out to sea. A bit further on and a dock can be seen, with large and
small boats around it. On shore, three gray trailers sit near the
beach.

Eddie: "This must be the production camp. Maybe we shouldn't be here."

Sam: "Hey, we're the stars of the show! We should be able to go
anywhere we want."

Mark: "Maybe we can steal one of their boats."

Eddie turns and looks right into the camera beside them. He mugs a wave
to the folks at home.

Eddie: "Sure! No one will ever suspect it's us that took their boat."

Sam: He grins. "Let's check it out."

A big generator purrs contentedly at the side of one of the trailers.
Wires and cables snake along the ground to the other two, to lights
down by the dock, and in the other direction, two thick bundles of them
lead off into the jungle. There are large tents set up in the jungle,
sleeping quarters for the crew and a dining tent.

The three doms peer into the window of the main trailer to see racks of
monitors and video equipment inside. Two men are at the console,
watching tape. Watching the sex scene between Max and Sierra actually,
shot earlier that morning.

Sam: "Jesus Christ."

Mark: "Lets check out the boats."

The camp seems strangely deserted as the three make their way to the
dock. Pulled up on shore, is a small open rowboat with an outboard
motor on the back. Sam climbs in and ducks down. He checks the gas.

Sam: "Full tank."

Mark: "Lets take it!"

Eddie: "Right."

Sam gets out and the three push the boat into the water. They man
handle the boat down the beach a ways, away from the camp, then climb
in. Sam looks into the camera.

Sam: "You coming?"

There's a pause, then a voice off camera says, "No. It's close to the
end of my shift."

Sam: He laughs. "See you tomorrow, then."

Eddie yanks the motor's rope and it fires right up. He drops it in gear
and gives it full throttle. The boat picks up speed and the camera
follows it's departure.

[Cut to:] Inside the editing trailer. Kent Brockman stands before one
of the monitors. On screen is seen the boat, with the three doms in it,
speeding away.

Kent: "So our resourceful dominants acquire a boat to help them gather
fish. Coming into this contest, they were told that they'd have to use
any means possible to survive on this island. Apparently, some think
that theft of property is an acceptable means.

"On the other hand, we know who has our boat. Perhaps the doms only
wished to borrow it for a little fishing expedition. In any case, the
use of the boat was to be a reward in one of our upcoming challenges.
Now, we'll have to think up a particularly nasty challenge for them to
complete, to earn them the continued use of it."

Back on the surviver's beach, the others look up at the sound of the
boat's motor. In it are Sam and Mark, with Eddie in back. Eddie cuts
the engine and lifts the motor up as the boat glides to a stop at
waters edge. The others gather around.

Trish: "Sam! Where'd this come from?"

Sam: "Uh, we found the production camp at the far end of the island.
The boat was there and there wasn't anyone around, so we took it."

Lisa: "You stole a boat from the production camp?"

Major: He has a big smile on his face. "Good work, men."

Lisa: "What are you talking about! We could get into trouble over
this!"

Major: "Maybe. But it's our duty to outwit the enemy. In war, you make
use of what you can get. And we're also meant to survive out here. The
boat will help us gather fish, and food is key to survival."

Edgar: "You say that there wasn't anyone around? So you just jumped in
and drove off?"

Mark: "Yeah. There was a camera watching us, but no one came running
out to stop us. So we took it."

Edgar looks at Judith. They both know that you need bait to catch fish.
Or crooks. 

Edgar: "That boat may have been planted there on the off chance that
one of us might come along and take it. We need to hide it."

Lisa: "Hide it?! What, are you nuts? They know we took it, they're
probably looking at the tape right now!"

Mark: "Besides, where are we going to hide a boat?"

Edgar: He points to an area of beach where the bushes reach close to
the water's edge. "Right there. We'll park it behind the weeds over
there and cover it a bit."

Major: "And when they ask, we deny any knowledge of it."

Edgar: "Right! Either they take it back, or they let us keep it. We
don't have anything to lose, and if they can appreciate the humour in
us trying to hide a boat, maybe they'll let us keep it."

Lisa: "You guys are all nuts."

Edgar and some of the others get busy in lashing up some poles and
branches as a hiding place for the boat. The boat is towed to the clump
of bushes and pushed between, then, the hurriedly built wall of leafy
sticks is placed in front of it.

In spite of the worried paranoia of some of the others, the afternoon
slips into evening without the stolen boat patrol descending on the
survivers camp. The fish that Edgar and Judith caught earlier are
cooked, along with some pork meat and the ever present rice, and the
group has it's evening meal.

Later on, before dark, Sam and Eddie take turns firing up the boat and
they take a few of the others for a quick ride, out past the reef and
back. Despite Lisa's earlier protests over the boat, she's smiling
widely as it roars out to sea with the wind whipping her hair around
her head.

That night, all of the group remain up and sitting around the bonfire
on the beach. Many of the contestants don't want to miss the action
when Kent and Miss Kate show up and making enquiries about a missing
boat. However, there are no visits that night from the marine police.
And so, the talk around the campfire eventually turns to sex. It's
Colleen who throws out a challenge to the others.

Colleen: "The hottest, or the wildest sex you've ever had. Who wants to
go first?"

Sue: "Doms only, or subs too?"

Colleen: "Any and all."

Trish: "It's your idea. You first."

Colleen: "Well, Ok. It was back before I met John. I was living in Utah
and going to the University there. A friend invited me to a party out
in the desert. At first I thought, "Ho hum, another frat party." But I
went along anyway.

"Well when we got there, the party was in full swing. There was a
truckload of beer, and drinks, drugs, anything you wanted. I'd told
myself that I wouldn't get loaded, so I stuck to the beer. At least
that was the plan.

"My friend comes up and says, "Here, eat this." I look in her hand and
there's this black, icky thing in it. "What's this?" I ask. "It's a
"magic" mushroom." she says. She opens her mouth and she's chewing one.
She swallows it and holds out her hand. "Take it." So I did.

"I'd heard of these magic mushrooms, they're like acid, LSD. Suppose to
be safer cause they're "all natural". Anyway, there's a band playing so
I go over and I'm just chillin' out, listening to the tunes. I don't
feel any different so I figure my friend got ripped off or something.

"Then I see this really hunky guy, just standing there alone, watching
me. He's got no shirt and he's just wearing some old, ratty shorts. But
I look again and he's got two leather cuffs on his wrists, just like
all you have on, and there's a chain between them. They're locked on
him with two little locks. "Hummm," I think, "What's this?" So I go
over to him.

"I get closer and he's looking at me. I guess the drugs finally started
working because all of a sudden it was just me and him standing there,
alone, in the middle of the dark desert. When I get near him he goes
down on one knee and says, "Mistress. You look Beautiful." And me, I
felt like a Goddess.

"I reach out to take his hand. "Come," I said, and he follows me. We go
off to a quiet place where we're all alone. I turned to him and he
hooks his hands in his shorts and pulls them down. He steps out of
them, then faces me. His cock was the biggest I'd ever seen and I knew
that I'd have to have it inside of me.

"I felt my fingers fumbling with my shirt buttons. "Please, Mistress,
allow me." So he starts to undress me, slowly, gently. I felt like
Queen Cleopatra standing there while this gorgeous guy served me. He
opened my shirt and he bent down to kiss my chest. When his mouth
touched my nipple, it was like a fire burning brightly there. I
remember pushing myself out to him. All I wanted right then was to feel
him inside me.

"He undid my skirt and slid it down my legs. Then he pressed his face
to my pussy. I parted my legs for him and his tongue touched me once,
right there. I nearly fell over as the feelings gripped me but his
hands held my waist, his chain pressed into my tummy, and he licked me
like never before.

"I was nearly delirious when he lay down on his back on the sand. I saw
him reach over to his shorts pocket to pull out a condom. He tore open
the foil and then rolled it down his massive tool. "Please, Mistress,
use this lowly slave for your pleasure," he begged. So I did.

"I straddled him and wrapped my hand around that big piece of meat. His
eyes rolled back and he moaned. I started to work it into me, taking it
in, inch by monstrous inch. I'd got him about half ways into me when I
started to feel a cum coming on. That's when he raised his hands and,
ever so gently, began rubbing my nipples. I lost it then.

"By the time that first cum was done I had three quarters of that huge
cock inside of me. I opened my eyes to see him staring at me. "Thank
you, my Queen." he says, and I lowered myself a bit more. I bent down
and kissed him, then I started rocking myself back and forth on him.

"When I finally hit bottom his cock filled me completely. I could feel
it pressing up, deep inside of me. Another cum was building so I began
to ride that monster. Faster and faster I went, while he had his hands
on me, steadying me. His chain was slapping against my belly and I
grabbed hold of it and I came like I'd never done before.

"I came back to earth and I was sitting on this guy, his huge tool
still crammed inside of me. He looks into my eyes and in a pleading
voice he says, "Please, Mistress. Allow me to cum?" What a rush! This
fantastic guy is begging Me for permission to cum. So I says, "When I
cum again, you may," and I start riding his cock again.

"It didn't take long at all. I could see him trying to hold back for me
and I could feel his cum just boiling to get free. Then suddenly, I was
there. I clamped down hard on that big pole, and when I did, I could
feel it swell even bigger. He bucked his hips up once, and then let fly
with a cum so forceful I thought he'd shoot me right off him. Like
when Yogi bear sits on the geyser, you know? And the water shoots him
up in the air? I began to cum again, and it just never stopped. I must
have passed out from it all.

"The next thing I knew it was dawn, and my friend was shaking me awake.
"Jeese, Colleen. You get too drunk and pass out?" I looks around.
"Where's. . . uh. . . that guy?" "What guy?" she askes me. I never even
got his name. I asked around, but no one remembered seeing me with any
guy that night. I'd say to them it was some hunky looking guy with
shackles and a chain on his wrists, and people would then look funny at
me. I never did find out who he was, and I never saw him again."

The fire has died down, but no one wished to disturb Colleen's story by
fooling with it. After a few moments, Sue breaks the silence.

Sue: "Do you think it all might have been a hallucination from the
drugs, Colleen."

Colleen: "I thought about that, sure. But, down there, I was sore for
days after. I got fucked that night, of that there was no doubt. As to
the rest, that sweet, submissive guy, who knows?"

Eddie stands up to toss some more wood on the fire.

Eddie: "Ok, who's up next?"

Peter: "Let's hear from a sub."

Sierra: "I'll go."

Max: "Sierra!"

Sierra: "Remember our third date, Max?"

Max: He laughs. "Oh yeah. All right, go ahead."

Sierra: "We met at a play put on by a little theatre group. We just
happened to be seated next to each other. The play was about a girl who
got kidnapped by some terrorists and it was all kind of cerebral. One
of those things where most of it was this girl chained to a bed and her
talking about what goes on in the mind of a kidnap victim.

"Anyway, I found it quite interesting, and Max and I started talking
afterwards. He took me out for a late night drink. I never expected to
see him again so I started talking about how I liked that sort of
thing. Pretending to be kidnapped, being tied up and stuff. Well we
sort of hit it off, and he asked me to see him again.

"On our next date we just had dinner and talked. Mostly about general
things, where we worked, vacation spots, that kind of stuff. Max seemed
nice, and we had some things in common. He asked me out again. I
thought, sure, why not? He said, "Lets go for a drive up in the
mountains." Sounded like fun.

"So that weekend he picks me up and we drive up to a really pretty spot
overlooking a valley. We're walking along this trail, when all of a
sudden, two guys jump out and they grab Max and I. Max starts fighting
the one guy but he punches him hard in the stomach. It looked like a
hard punch. Max goes down. I start fighting the guy that's holding me,
but his friend and him hold me up against a tree. One guy takes out
this chain and he chains my hands behind me, tight to the tree. He's
got a lock and he clicks it through the chain. I'm stuck then, chained
up to a tree.

"Then they go to Max whose coming around. They start beating him and
yelling something about a password for some encrypted files! I have no
idea what's going on so I start yelling. One guy comes and ties a gag
tight in my mouth! Then they both haul Max off, leaving me alone and
chained to a tree in the middle of nowhere.

"Up at the top of the trail I hear doors slamming and a truck start up.
They drive off. It looked like the two guys took Max off someplace and
left me there, alone, chained up to a tree. I couldn't yell or nothing
cause of the gag, so I started to freak out! "Am I gonna die up here?"
I asked myself.

"I tried to get free of the chains but it was no use. All I ended up
doing was hurting myself. I couldn't reach the gag and I couldn't push
it out of my mouth. I was stuck like never before. But despite all my
struggling and the pain I was in, I was starting to get horny as hell.
Here's me, the chained captive, locked up tight to a tree. My biggest
fantasy has become a reality. All I could do, though, was rub my thighs
together.

"And so before too long I made myself cum. It was a fucking mindblower
of a cum, too. After, I'm standing there hanging from my arms and
trying to breath enough through my nose because the gag is all wet and
stuck tight in my mouth. My arms are killing me and my wrists hurt like
hell. So I stand up straighter and I lean against the tree.

"Now it's not being fun anymore. I keep trying to slip my hands out of
the chain but it's useless. There's no one around and I can't yell out
anyway. I start to think that maybe I'm gonna die up there. I start to
picture myself with my hands chained behind me to the tree. Then it's
Winter and the snow is falling and I'm getting buried in it. Then, next
Spring, I'm just bones, my hands still trapped in those chains. And
then I think, there's animals up here! They're going to start eating
me!

"I start to struggle again and I start to get hot again. I feel so
trapped and helpless, and all of a sudden I'm cumming again! Then I see
Max, standing there and watching me. He's got a key and he comes over
and releases me! I'm horny and so's he, so we do it right then and
there. And it was fantastic!

"After we'd done fucking, I ask him how he got away. He told me that
he'd understood what I was saying when I was telling him about my
fantasies about being kidnapped and tied up. And so he'd gotten a
couple of his drinking buddies to stage a kidnap scene, just for me. I
was furious!

"I said, "I could have choked and died there!" He told me that he was
watching me from a distance the whole time! I hit him, hard. Then he
slapped me, really hard. Before I knew it we were fighting like it was
to the death. I pushed him down and sat on him and I could feel his
cock under me. It was hard as a rock! And me? I was wet and ready too!
I yanked his pants down and we did it again. And that time was even
better than the one before!

"And we've been together ever since. People see one of us, or both of
us, with black eyes or bruises or scratches and they say, "Does Max get
violent with you? Are you two Ok?" I use to say that we like it rough,
but people don't understand. Even you, Peter, the first couple days.
Max was going to hit me and you stopped him. It would have been Ok, you
know. Because that's what we like to do, us two.

Max: "I get my share of bruises too. Sierra gives as good as she takes.
We know that one day we'll take things too far. So we both make the
effort not to let that happen."

Sam: "Well I'm not trying to be judgemental, but that is pretty
strange. Though, as long as you're both happy, I wish you the best of
luck."

Lisa: "Well I'd love to hear more, but it is getting late. We should
turn in."

[Murmurs of agreement.]

The fire is banked up for morning and the group calls it a night.

[Cue commercial.] / [Return.]

[Title: DAY TWELVE.]

It's early morning. Kent stands before the mail tree.

Kent: "Our survivers have had a late night last night, telling tales
around the campfire. They're sleeping in this morning.

"I have today's challenge here," he holds up a paper. "One that we
weren't going to use. But with the theft of the boat yesterday, some of
us feel that a difficult challenge is needed to bring everyone's
attention back to why we're here. So, this is it."

Kent is smiling as he drops the paper into the mail tube. He gets into
his Jeep and drives off.

In the camp, Brandi is up and making the coffee. Her ears pick up at
the muffled sound of a Jeep making it's way along the back road. She
turns to Marsha.

Brandi: "Hear that?"

Marsha: "Mail call."

Brandi: "Lets go for a walk."

Taking a mug of coffee each, the two walk down to the beach. They
follow it South, towards the mail tree. Along the way, they pass by the
boat, still partly hidden amongst the weeds. Some of the branches
covering it have blown down in the night and they stop to rearrange
them.

Marsha: "Anyone can tell there's a boat under here."

Brandi: "Someone's gonna catch shit over this, and I'll bet it won't be
that putz Eddie. It'll be you subs that takes the brunt of it."

Marsha: "Who you gonna call when there's shit to clean up? A
submissive, that's who."

Brandi stops fussing with the branches covering the boat, and she turns
to her sub.

Brandi: "You're regretting entering this contest, Kitten?"

Marsha: "No. Not really. It's been difficult at times but I am happy
being here with you, Mistress."

Brandi takes Marsha in her arms and kisses her forehead.

Brandi: "You're strong, Marsha. We'll make it through this thing
together."

The two girls continue along to the mail tree. Brandi reaches inside
the tube and removes the piece of paper. On it, is printed:

Water and food, who shall get which
Points on the table, help scratch the itch
The clock is ticking, hurry up, fast,
 .     .     .     .     .

Brandi: "Something's weird."

Marsha: "The last line? This is suppose to be reward day."

Back at camp, the others search out clues in the challenge
announcement.

Sam: "It's a race against time, but for what?"

Edgar: "Beat the clock and they won't hang you for stealing their
boat?"

Eddie: "We didn't steal it, we borrowed it! We'll give it back, when
we're finished with it."

Judith: "Either way, it'll be us subs that catch the shit for it."

Sierra: "Sure. Water and food. We swim out to sea and drown while you
guys sit and eat, watching us. Sounds like fun."

With the promise of food in the challenge, everyone has a big breakfast
and then skips lunch. The challenge is set for up the beach, so in the
afternoon, the group heads out. Again, the day is hot and sunny. More
and more, the contestants are opting to wear nothing. Except for the
cuffs and chains on the subs, of course.

At a spot on the beach is set up a trestle, a long thick log for a top.
There's a big round table off to one side, and a large crate in front
of the trestle, a smaller one beside the table. Kent is sitting on the
trestle. Miss Kate is standing nearby.

Kent: "Welcome. Before we begin, I have some bad news for you all.
There was suppose to be a reward with this challenge, but it seems that
we've misplaced it. The use of a small boat and motor was to be today's
prize. If you all pass today's challenge, and the boat is found, it's
yours to keep until the end of the contest. Colleen!"

Colleen: "I. . . I haven't seen it."

Kent: "Nooo, I was going to ask you about the talk around the fire last
night. You and Sierra reveled some very personal details about
yourselves. Any comments?"

Colleen: "I, uhh, we use to tell ghost stories around the fire when I
was little. I thought it might be fun to get everyone talking."

Kent: "A nice idea. Some interesting revelations too. Thanks."

Colleen lets out a breath and looks around at the others.

Kent: "Ok. Now, today's competition isn't all that difficult or
strenuous. Before we start though, Rusty and John have a definite
disadvantage for the subs leg of the contest. Could the both of you
step through your wrist chains, please?"

The two male subs look around, then crouch down and step over their
chains. They stand, bringing their hands up behind them. Miss Kate
gathers the female subs together and there's a short chat, then she
goes over to Kent to whisper in his ear.

Kent: "All right. Apparently, a couple of the girls are disadvantaged
as well. Judith, and Myka, could you also step through your wrist
chains please?

"Now this challenge is in two parts, one for the subs to complete and
one for the dominants. The first part will take place here, with the
submissives bent over this trestle, and the doms part will be after, at
the table over there. Submissives, space yourselves out along the rail
and bend over it please."

The subs move to comply. The log is about hip high for them and the
taller ones spread their feet as far as the hobble chain allows, to
then bend over the trestle. John and Rusty's hands are behind them on
their bums, as are Judith's and Myka's. Ten naked bums glisten with a
sheen of sweat in the bright afternoon sun.

Kent: "Excellent!"

Kent moves to the large crate and opens it. A big cloud of what looks
like smoke puffs up. He lifts a plastic coffee cup from within, and
holds it out before him.

Kent: "Each dominant will get a pail with an equal amount of ice
cubes." He lifts a couple from the cup. "They are small and round and
quite cold. The object is to melt your ice as fast as possible, using
your sub as a source of heat.

"You can place the ice cubes on them or under them. You can have your
sub eat them, or you can stuff them into any handy orifice on your sub.
John and Rusty, lacking one of said orifices, may use their hands to
hold some ice against their backs. Judith and Myka have their monthly
flow now, and I think we'd all prefer if they didn't remove their
tampons, so they may also hold ice in their hands or against their
backs. All the others may NOT use their hands in any way. They must be
left hanging down in front of you.

"If your sub falls off the trestle, you're out of the game. If you drop
some ice, you must immediately pick it up and place it into your pail
or on, or in, your sub.

"The first couple to get rid of all their ice gains fifteen points.
The second gets ten, and third gets five. You have six minutes to
complete this challenge. If anyone still has ice left after that time,
the reward, which at the moment is "missing", is forfeit. Any
questions?"

Condensation clouds have stopped rolling out of the crate, which held
some dry ice to keep the pails of ice cubes cold. Kent looks inside and
sees that the ice on the tops is just now beginning to melt.

Kent: "Dominants, come take your pail of ice."

Each dom moves past the crate and takes a pail of ice.

Sam: "Can We eat any of the ice, Kent?"

Kent: "Nope. You'll get to eat something later, though. You can only
touch the ice when you're holding it against your sub's skin, or are
putting it someplace."

All the doms are now lined up behind their subs, the pails of ice on
the sand beside them. Kent pauses a moment, to allow the ice to warm up
a bit. He watches the condensation on the sides of the pails get lower
and lower as the metal pails absorb some heat from the air, and from
the sunshine. Anticipation builds within the subs, bent over the rail
with their bums in the air.

Kent: "Survivers, ready? GO!"

Each dom takes a handful of ice and brings it to their sub. Pussies
are the first to get ice pushed into them, and some cubes are brought
down to the subs faces for them to eat. Eddie places a handful of the
round icecubes on Rusty's back for him to hold, and then starts
stuffing ice into his butt. Colleen follows Eddie's lead and begins
pushing the ice into John's asshole.

Sam pushes cubes between Trish's tummy and the rail and then puts a few
on her back. She's chewing two ice cubes. The crunch, crunch, of ice is
heard coming from several of the subs. Sue calls out for more, and
Peter lowers three more to her mouth. She quickly sucks them off his
hand.

A cube pops out of Judith's asshole and Edgar picks it up and replaces
it. It's covered in sand, but he pushes it up deep inside her and then
adds three more.

Kent: "Half time, folks. Three minutes left."

Mark feels inside Nadine's pussy and asshole with a finger. Empty, he
loads her up again. Myka yells out in pain as Lisa pushes ice cubes
into her bum hole, one after another. Jane is swallowing the cubes
whole, and the Major is giving them to her at both ends as fast as he
can. Water is dribbling from pussies, bums, and dripping off the subs
bodies as the ice on them melts.

Max's pail is empty and so is Eddie's. They gather up loose cubes off
their subs bodies and hurriedly stuff them wherever they'll fit. Sierra
calls to Max to give her some and his hand goes to her mouth with three
more. Eddie scoops up the remaining cubes off Rusty's back and shoves
them up his bum. Kent is ready, and he helps Rusty stand up. Sierra
lifts herself off the rail. A cube falls from her pussy and Max reaches
for it, then packs it back in.

Eddie and Rusty come in first, followed by Max and Sierra. Sam and
Trish take third. Sue and Jane look rather ill.

Kent: "Great job, guys! We'll take a short break, if you subs want to
soak in the warm water for a while."

Most of the subs go down to the water and lay in the warm shallows. Sue
and Jane are coughing up ice cubes. After a ten minute break, most of
the subs have recovered enough to begin part two of the challenge.

Kent and the others gather around the round table. There are ten chairs
around it, and the doms take their seats. Kent orders the subs to kneel
in the sand, beside their masters. Kent moves to a box nearby and opens
it. He lifts out a covered plastic meal tray, the kind you'd get on an
airplane.

Kent: "All right. The chef at our production camp has prepared a
special meal of local delicacies, just for you dominants. In a moment,
your subs will come over here and bring you your tray. Please don't
lift the cover until I give the word.

"You'll eat everything on the plate as fast as you can, and the first
to finish gets fifteen points. Next ten, then five. You all must finish
eating everything you've been given, within one minute, and the reward
of the boat which we've lost someplace, is yours. Any one of you
doesn't finish, or chokes, or barfs, and you don't get the boat, which
we don't have at the moment. Submissives?"

The subs stand up and move towards Kent and the box of trays. Kent
hands each of them one, and they return to the table and place them
before their masters. Sue was first in line and she kneels back beside
Peter's chair. The others take her cue and also kneel, after delivering
their masters trays.

Kent: "Ok, everyone ready? When you're done eating everything, stand
up with your mouth open wide. You must swallow every bite.

"Contestants, ready? GO!"

As one, the doms lift the lids to the trays. Brandi, Lisa and Colleen
shriek in unison. There, on the plates, squirm three disgusting black
worms, three big, fat, white, awful looking grubs, and curled around
the writhing mess is a slimy looking octopus tenticle.

The Major is quick to recover from the shock and begins to chow down.
The others dig in too. Lisa picks up a fat, juicy grub and pops it into
her mouth. She barely manages to not throw up right then.

Kent: [Voiceover.] "The white grubs are a delicacy among the natives of
these islands. [Camera shot of a tray.] The long black worms are
pineapple beetle larvae and are said to taste of the sweetness of the
pineapple fruit. And the octopus tentacle, well, normally is cooked in
a stew of some kind. Here, they are raw."

Mark has discovered that if you don't look, it's not as bad. Brandi
too has her eyes closed and is eating the slimy tentacle with a gusto.
It is she who finishes first, followed by Mark. The Major comes in
third. Sam, Lisa, and Colleen all look like they're going to puke. It's
close, but they don't. All finish eating before the end of the one
minute is up.

Kent: "Well done, contestants! Congratulations to Brandi, who has
finished first. I'd give some of you a ride back in the boat, but we
don't seem have it here right now. However, I'll stop by this evening
with a drum of gasoline, in case it shows up later. We'll see you
tomorrow, for the next competition. Have a good night."

The group heads down the beach and back to camp. They don't get far
though, before both Sam and Colleen peel off into the woods for a good,
long, upchuck. Jane, Sue, and a few of the other subs, don't feel all
that well either from being stuffed with the cold ice.

Most of the doms aren't all that hungry when they get back to camp, but
a light meal of mostly fruit is prepared. The survivers spend a quiet
evening down on the beach.

The group sit around the campfire. From time to time a sneeze is heard
coming from one of the subs, and the doms mostly pick at their plate of
food.

Lisa: To Sam. "Eating that crap was the most disgusting thing I've ever
done. You don't think that was punishment for taking that damn boat?"

Sam: "All I'm saying is that, so far, for a contest with a million
bucks at stake the challenges have been pretty easy."

Judith: "Oh yeah! That rope race was a breeze. I've still got ass rash
from it."

The flash of headlights and the roar of a motor signal the approach of
Kent's Jeep. He drives past the bonfire to park on the other side,
right near to where the boat lays "hidden" in the weeds and branches.
Getting out, he moves towards the group.

Kent: "Good evening, survivers. I've brought the drum of gas for your
boat. Mind if I sit for a while?"

Peter and Sam shift over on the log they're sitting on to make room for
Kent.

Kent: "Everyone all right after the challenges this afternoon?"

Judith sneezes twice, loudly. The Major burps and farts at the same
time. A few groans are heard.

Kent: "I see. I want you all to know that the ice cube challenge wasn't
my idea. I wasn't going to use that one, but the network executives
didn't feel that your taking the boat was as humorous as I did. They
insisted that something be done about it, and the ice challenge was
ordered."

Lisa: "And eating the bugs?"

Kent: "That was something we'd planned on doing. Sorry."

Eddie: "What about the boat?"

Kent: "The boat is yours to use for the rest of the contest. You all
did win the use of it today, despite the rather arduous tasks we set
up for you. But please, no more raids on the production camp. Ok?"

Eddie: He looks around and sees agreement in the others. "All right."

Kent: "I'll save us all a trip to the mail tree, by telling you that
tomorrow's challenge is an obstacle course race. You'll all run the
race together and the first three to finish win points. Now, could some
of you help unload the gasoline?"

Everyone looks to Eddie, Mark and Sam. The Major lets out a loud fart.
The three stand to help unload the heavy drum off the Jeep. Then, Kent
gets into the Jeep.

Kent: "Enjoy the boat, guys. You've earned it."

The group sits by the fire for a while longer before Peter suggests
that they turn in early, to rest up for the race tomorrow. During the
night, trips to the toilet are frequent, and after midnight a heavy
rain starts up. But the contestants are dry in their shelter as the
rain drums on the tarp over their heads. Later on the rain lets up, and
the remainder of the night passes peacefully.

[Title: DAY THIRTEEN.]

[Dawn.] Edgar takes the boat out early. He lets the tide carry him out
past the reef and he's dragging two fishing lines. He hooks three very
nice fish for the group's breakfast. The Major and Jane meet him when
he motors back, and Jane is drafted to clean the catch. Most of the
contestants are feeling better by now, and the morning meal of fresh
fish helps to raise everyone's spirits.

Peter: "Major, what do you think about the obstacle course? Kent didn't
say much about it."

Major: "Well a regulation obstacle course is pretty strenuous. I doubt
that most of you would make it. Even I am not in the kind of shape I
once was. It takes guts and stamina to run a course like that."

Sue: "Us subs can't climb over walls and stuff with these chains on."

Trish: "Maybe there's a course for us and a longer one for the doms."

John: "Or one for us, and the doms get to watch us struggle."

Judith: "Probably."

Lunch is a stir fry of the last of the pork meat, rice, and pineapple
with wild onions. A patch of something like sweet potatoes was found by
Rusty and one is cut up, then added to the mix. John is picked to cut
up the pineapple, since none of the others wish to encounter one of
those black, worm things, possibly lurking inside.

After the meal the group relax for a while. The day is cloudy and not
so hot, so most of the doms are wearing shorts and tee shirts again.
Shortly before one, the group heads down the beach.

[Camera in helicopter, fly over the course.]

The site of the challenge is a long spit of sand that extends out to
sea. The shipwreck is further down the beach and it's bones make an
ominous backdrop for the course. On the strip of sand is seen the
various obstacles that make up the race course. Markings in the sand
delineate ten lanes.

Three markers are standing up at the end of the course, marked first,
second and third. Brent Hastings is standing there, and he waves to the
camera in the helicopter as it flys past.

[Camera on Kent.] The couples assemble around Kent, who's standing
before a covered table. Miss Kate is with him.

Kent: "Welcome to the site of your eighth challenge competition. The
race is an obstacle course and you will all be running it at the same
time. The obstacles are wide enough, or there's ten of them, ten rope
swings, so we can run it with all of you together.

"Get to the end, both dom and sub place both of your hands on the poles
that are there. First, second and third. The points are twenty, fifteen
and ten. Miss Kate?"

Miss Kate lifts the cloth covering off the table. A pile of shiny steel
handcuffs is seen.

Kent: "Each sub will be cuffed to your dom. Doms, the cuff goes on your
dominant hand, that is, if you're right handed, your right wrist is
cuffed to your sub's left hand. Eddie, you're left handed so you get
the cuff there, to Rusty's right."

Miss Kate goes down the line of doms and subs, snapping cuffs on them.
She double locks the handcuffs, for safety reasons of course.

Kent: "Each couple will have to work together as a team to finish this
course. The starting line is over there." Kent points to a line in the
sand. "Pick a lane, and line up now."

There is some jostling as a few try to gain the middle lanes. Finally,
everyone is ready.

Kent: "Challengers, ready? GO!"

The doms find the going slow with the chained subs in tow. They all
make the first obstacle together, three big logs placed one after
another. The sub's ankle chains are barely long enough for them to step
over them.

The Major and Jane lead going into the next obstacle, a low netting
stretched across the sand. They all have to crawl under it for fifteen
feet. Sand flies as the couples struggle to make it through. Lisa and
Myka emerge first, followed by the Major, and next, Mark.

Next up, the balance beam. Six inch wide boards are raised up six
inches off the sand. The couples must cross a fifteen foot span without
falling off. It's tough going for the subs, with the ankle chains, and
a few doms are getting impatient with them for slowing them up. Max
jerks Sierra's wrist a bit too hard and she slips and stumbles off the
board.

Kent: He shouts to Sierra. "Get back on where you are and continue on!"

Max and Sierra lose precious seconds.

A stretch of sand covered by water. Overhead, high towers support ten
ropes that hang down, the ends draped over a waist high trestle. The
couples must climb over the trestle and then, taking the rope, swing
over the water.

Sam and Trish now lead. Trish flops over the rail, Sam has hold of the
rope. Trish grabs hold and they run, then lift their legs. They make it
across the water. The Major and Jane are next. Jane's hand slides on
the rope and the handcuffs dig painfully into both their wrists. The
Major looses his grip and they drop, but make the sand on the other
side. The Major recovers and he urges Jane onward.

The others have crossed the rope swing. It's a fifty foot run across
the sand and then a low pipe to crawl through. The tubes are three feet
high and ten feet long. The tubes on the sides of the course are angled
towards the finish posts.

Mark and Nadine loose time when Nadine goes into their tube first. She
can't bring her cuffed hand back far enough for Mark to enter the tube
with her. Her leather cuffs and wrist chain won't allow it. So they
must exchange places and Mark goes in first, then Nadine. Others see
this and follow accordingly.

Sam and Trish emerge first from their tube and they sprint to the
finish. They're followed closely behind by the Major and Jane. Sam and
Trish's hands fly out to touch the post marked 1'st. The Major and Jane
hit the one marked 2'nd.

It's almost neck and neck for third, with Edgar and Judith having a
slight lead over Colleen and John. Brent watches closely as eight hands
fly towards the third place pole. It's Edgar and Judith by a fingertip!

A cheer goes up from the winners as they congratulate each other.
Everyone is breathing hard from their exertions during the strenuous
course. Kent shakes the hands of the winners, while Kate and Brent
begin unlocking the cuffs from everyone.

Kent: "Good race, guys! Congratulations to our winners."

Kent waits for the group to settle down.

Kent: "Before we leave, I have an announcement to make. The next three
days of the contest will be a little different for you all. Please
check the mail tree tomorrow morning. You'll find more information
there about the next two challenges, and some materials that you'll
need. Thanks for coming out today, and I'll see you all in a couple of
days."

[Camera chopper takes off, follows the group as they walk along the
sand spit past the race course.]

[Roll credits.] [Split screen with credits, show points totals.]

The Major and Jane         105
Sam and Trish              100
Lisa and Myka               96
Edgar and Judith            93
Brandi and Marsha           90
Eddie and Rusty             89
Mark and Nadine             87
Peter and Sue               85
Max and Sierra              74
Colleen and John            72

[END Episode  4.]

"Next Time On Surviver:"

[Show a book, on a red velvet cloth. Cover flips open, pages turn,
blown by an unseen jet of air.]

[Voiceover:] "We take you now, to a place far, far away."

[Run clips, scenes from movies, TV shows. Stock footage.]

A scene of a castle, guards standing outside. Move through entrance to
the center court, crowded. A slave auction, a woman chained to a post.
Men, dressed in thick cloaks. Women naked and in chains. Serving them,
kneeling at their feet. [Cut to:] A woman in chains, doing a seductive
dance.

 - End of file. -






 Episode  5.       SURVIVER          (C) dino 2001

[Start.]

[Voiceover and show scenes of island.] "Twenty people, ten dominant -
submissive couples, stranded on a tiny south seas island. Every three
days the couples will have to compete against each other in two
challenge competitions, for rewards, and for points. At the end of
twenty days, the five couples with the fewest number of points will
have to leave the island, while the rest will continue on for another
twenty days. In the end, the couple with the highest number of points
will be declared the winner, and will walk away with One Million
Dollars."

"Last time on Surviver:" [Run clips as the host, Kent, speaks.]

"Three of our dominants stage a raid on the production camp and acquire
a nice little motor boat." [Show the boat speeding away.] "Later that
evening, Colleen and Sierra reveal some interesting details about
themselves around the campfire." Colleen: "I was sitting on this guy,
his huge tool still crammed inside me."

"Partly as punishment for taking the boat, the first challenge has two
somewhat nasty parts. One for the subs," [Show subs getting stuffed
with ice.] "and one for the doms." [Show plate of grubs, doms eating
and gagging on them.]

"The main points challenge was an obstacle course with each dom
handcuffed to his or her sub. The Major and Jane have come on strong
and now lead in the points total, followed close behind by Sam and
Trish. Lisa and Myka hold third place.

"Stay tuned, as one of our couples moves closer to winning our grand
prize, of One Million Dollars."

[Run Opening Title Sequence.]  [Episode Intro Sequence: 65 seconds.]

05 seconds -     Airport: small plane taking off - classic over the
camera shot.

12 seconds -     Small plane flying over water - slow zoom to cockpit -
jungle drums begin building.

17 second sequence - ahead view, flying low over water. Plane banks
left, island comes into view as title music breaks in and dialogue
begins (see below). Pull up, camera tilts down, show fly over of
island, trees etc.

20 second sequence - show cast: head shots, 2 seconds each couple,
background is island shore as plane flies past.

11 seconds -     Night view of beach from point offshore: fast zoom in
to bonfire, chained submissives dancing around it. Expand title and
logo. Hold for 5 seconds.

Fade to black.

Intro Dialogue:

Island fly over: "Ten couples, stranded on a tiny south seas island,
forced to fend for themselves. Every three days the couples must
compete in two challenges, for rewards, and for points that will lead
to one of our couples winning a grand prize of One Million Dollars."

Show cast: "Within each of these couples, one person is in control
while the other person submits to that control. One is dominant while
the other is submissive. Each submissive is fitted with wrist and ankle
cuffs and chains which will hamper their movements, and which shall be
worn by them at all times while on the island."

Night view: "In the end, one couple will walk away as the sole
survivers."

[End episode intro.]


[Evening of Day Thirteen, after the obstacle race.]

[Voiceover.] "Having use of a boat has allowed four of the doms to go
out past the reef and, using the net, they've managed to catch a nice
sized Tuna fish for dinner. Eddie and Rusty have cooked it whole on the
grill over a fire. The group are now sitting around camp and enjoying a
delicious meal."

Lisa: To Peter. "What did you make of Kent's announcement, about the
next few days being a bit different?"

Peter: "I'm not sure. We're getting closer to the half way mark in the
contest. Maybe the challenges will be getting tougher now."

Sam: "That race today was hard, but not as bad as I thought it would 
be. I'd imagine that in the next few competitions, we're going to be
competing directly against each other. There won't be anything that's
open to interpretation or chance. They will have to be contests with
decisive outcomes."

Peter: "As the points stand right now, Sue and I would be out. Gaining
points in these next few challenges are paramount to many of us, so
they'll have to be both fair and conclusive. Kent said that there will
be materials in the mail tomorrow that we need for the next two games.
I guess we'll just have to wait and see."

After supper, Colleen and John are seen down on the beach doing her
laundry.

Colleen: "We have to win at the next few challenges to make the final
five. You ready for that, John?"

John: "I am, mistress. I hope that we're able to go on, but even if we
don't make it to the end, it's been a fantastic adventure."

Colleen: "Yes, it has been. We haven't done all that well in the
challenges, but it certainly has been fun being here."

A few at a time, the couples show up on the beach to watch the sunset.
It's a bit cool this evening and the few clouds in the sky are washed
in glorious colours of reds and golds. The bonfire is built, and fire
is brought down from camp to light it. Everyone gathers around.

Colleen: "Ok. Who's next?"

Lisa: "For what?"

Colleen: "Hottest, or wildest sex. Lisa?"

Myka: "Let me tell it, Lisa."

Lisa: "Tell what?"

Myka: "That guy, two years ago? The gold Porsche?"

Lisa: She laughs. "Ok, sure."

Myka: "Me and Lisa worked at a bar in Austin for a few months. I
danced, and Lisa worked the bar. One night there was this guy, right up
front, just looking at me. You know? So I finished my last set and he
says to me, "Hey honey, buy you a drink?"

"So I'm sitting with him and there's a no touching rule but I had this
gold chain around my waist that I'd found in the dressing room. He
touches it with a fingertip and says, "I like this. It's nice." Yeah,
well so? I liked the way it felt on me when I was dancing, and it did
look good on me.

"He can't keep his fingers off that chain, and he's feeling it around
me, feeling around my back, the chain, and my hair, and I'm really not
minding it all that much. The guy looks Ok, and he seems gentle and
nice. Some guys creep you out right away but he seemed all right.

"It's a slow night and so Lisa brings us a round, then sits down with
us. Buddy gets a bit nervous but I introduce Lisa as my friend and then
he settles right down. "You two live together?" he asks. I says,
"Yeah," and that makes it really Ok.

"He's some big oil guy and he pulls out a wad of bills to start peeling
off hundreds. Me and Lisa are just staring, watching the pile grow.
He's going on about me and her coming over to his place for a bit of B
and D, with him getting both the B, and the D. I looks at Lisa and
she's lookin' at me. The rent's due, and the car needs fixing.

"The guy's putting 'em down slower now. It's getting embarrassing, all
that cash. Lisa puts her hand on the pile. "So we go to your place, you
get tied up, and we take turns whipping you?" "Yup," he says, "That's
about it. You game?" Lisa and I enjoy our bondage sessions but we've
never played with whips and stuff. "How about it, Myka?" she asks me.

"Well there's over two large there and we'd been itching to move on.
Two grand for a couple hours 'work'? "Ok," I says.

"Lisa puts the cash in an envelope and gives it to the bar owner to
hold. Lisa didn't catch it, but I saw him smile at the guy I was
sitting with. Maybe his little kink was known about by the locals.
Anyway, we go out back and he's got this brand new, shiny gold Porsche
with the softest seats I'd ever sat in. There was only two seats, so
Lisa's on my lap the whole way out to his ranch.

"At the door we're met by his butler. "James will be here in the house
to ensure all our safety," the guy says. James looks kinda creepy, but
he discretely splits and leaves us alone. The three of us sit down in
the living room. "There's a rather well equipped dungeon downstairs,"
he begins. "I'd like it if you'd both take charge and tie me down
tight, then whip me. As hard as you can."

"Lisa asks him, "What about a safeword?" "No," he tells her. "I never
use them. It spoils the experience if I know I can stop it."

Lisa: "I think that he regretted that by the time we'd finished."

Nadine: She's fidgeting with her wrist chain. "So then what happened?"

Myka: "We all go downstairs. James had disappeared and it's just us
three. The lights come on and I'm getting wet just looking at all the
stuff he's got. A cage, padded bench, cross. Chains and cuffs
everywhere. Lisa asks him, "Any preference?" He steps up on this low
platform in the center of the room. There's padded cuffs hanging from
cables and he touches one. Cuffs chained to the floor, too. "Please,
Mistress," he whispers. For a second I feel jealous.

"But then, "Myka," Lisa barks at me. "Undress this worm!" Instantly I
comply. The guy just stands there watching me with the saddest eyes
I've ever seen. But behind the sadness, I see that spark. That spark
that we all get, right before a really intense scene.

"I get all his clothes off and Lisa's locking the cuffs on. There's a
crank on the wall that raise his hands up over his head. Then, Lisa
goes to the rack of whips and selects this big flogger. She comes to me
and stands beside me and cracks the thing against the floor a couple
times. Buddy's staring with wide eyes at us both. I can't imagine what
that thing would feel like, but I think the guy knew. Lisa starts in,
and soon, she's right into it."

Lisa: "I'd never done anything like that before, though I'd heard
enough about it to know what to do. That whip just seemed to feel so
natural in my hand. I started off slow, but soon I was sweating from
the exertion. And the guy just stood there and took it all.

"I could never do something like that to another woman. Beat my lovely
Myka with a whip? I'd sooner cut off my own arm. But this guy had asked
for it. He'd begged for it. So I just gave him what he'd asked for."

Myka: "I'd see him look my way and I could see it in his eyes. He was
thanking me for making this happen. Lisa just continued on until she
was worn out. Then, it was over.

"The guy couldn't look at either of us afterwards. He just hung there
in the cuffs. Ashamed, I guess, of what he'd let us do to him. "Leave
me," he asked. "James will drive you back." As I walked past him I saw
his eyes flicker up at me. I said, "You're a very brave man." He smiled
at me. "Thank you, Mistress," he said to me. Wow!"

Lisa: "I told her, "Don't let it go to your head." In the car, James
says, "My boss paid you two a lot of money tonight. We ask that you
keep quiet about what went on." I asked him some things but he didn't
say anything more. He just dropped us off at the bar again and we drove
home."

Mark: "It's always the ones you'd least expect who's into that stuff. A
boss of a big company, lots of power. Sometimes they just want to give
up all that power and let go."

Major: "Hrump! What kind of a man would let himself get whipped by a
woman?"

Eddie: "We know someone who likes that sort of thing."

Major: "Queers aren't men."

A few, including Eddie, laugh. The group is becoming more, if not
accepting, at least more understanding of the Major's attitudes.

Rusty: "Bill had a sub before me who was into that stuff."

Eddie: "Really? Would you like to tell us?"

Rusty: "Ok. I met Bill, my master before Eddie, through him. Mr.
Andrews, we called him, but I later found out his first name. Steve.

"After high school I got a job in the mail room of a big investment
company. Mr. Andrews was one of the top guys there. I was up in his
offices delivering the mail one day, and his secretary was all worked
up over something. Steve comes running out of his office and says,
"I've gotta get this package over to the Handcock building right now!"
The regular courier company was on strike or something.

"I said, "I can take it over, Mr. Andrews." Hell, it was only two
blocks away. He looks me right in the eye and says, "This is important,
son. Can I count on you?" "You bet, sir," I says.

"So downstairs, I hop on my bike and I'm there in three minutes. I get
back with the receipt and the secretary says, "Mr. Andrews wants to see
you." He's really pleased with me cause I "saved his ass", he says.
Then he tells me to join him for dinner that night!

"I guess he knew about me, or could tell right off, that I was gay.
Over dinner he's getting really friendly with me. Later on he invites
me to a party he's going to on Friday night. He drops me off at home
and he puts his hand on my arm. "See you later, Michael." That was my
name, back then.

"Friday night I show up at this big mansion east of town. I can't
believe that I'm gonna get in, but at the door, I say my name and I'm
whisked right through. The place was like right out of the movies.
Opulence everywhere you looked, and the people there; I was awestruck.

"Steve sees me but I never would have recognised him. He wore drag and
boy, did he look hot! Sorry, Major. "Michael, I want you to meet
someone," he says, and upstairs we go. "Michael, this is Bill."

"Bill took me home that night, and I lived with him as his slave for
nearly six, happy years. Until he died."

Rusty pauses a moment, remembering times past. The wood on the fire
crackles twice, loudly, and brings his focus back to the present.

Rusty: "Anyway, back at the party, Steve and Bill go downstairs and I
follow along. In the cellar of this big house is a fully equipped
dungeon. There's already a few people playing down there and Bill takes
Steve over to the wall and makes him strip down. Then he chains my boss
up to the wall! And then, Bill takes this whip and starts laying into
Mr. Anderson!

"Sure, I knew about this sort of thing, but being right there and
seeing it is something else entirely. And Mr. Anderson, this big wheel
at a big money company, is taking it all and loving it. Bill was doing
it because he knew that Steve liked it. Bill tried it on me a little
but he wasn't really comfortable whipping me, and I really didn't like
it all that much. So it was never a big thing in our relationship.

"So It's like you said, Mark, you really never know who's into that
sort of thing."

Major: "Well I think it ain't natural for a man to want to get beaten,
much less to actually enjoy it."

Max: "Everybody's different."

Major: "That's part of the problem."

Lisa: She gives a disgusted glance at the Major and stands. "Come on,
Myka. Let's call it a night."

Peter: "Yeah, that's not a bad idea."

The fire is banked up and the group turns in for the night.

[Go commercial.] / [Return.]

[Title. DAY FOURTEEN.]

[Dawn's early light. On the beach.]

The Major and Jane are doing their exercises. The sun is peeking from
behind a low cloud formation out to sea, washing the beach with an
eerie orange light. Jane looks toward the Major.

Jane: "We're leading in the points totals, Sir. I hope we can win this
thing."

Major: He stops and looks at Jane. "We've done very well so far, Jane.
You've done very well. I feel good having you on my team."

Jane: "Thank you, Sir."

Sam and Edgar step from the jungle with fishing poles and head to the
boat. The Major watches them as they start the motor to head out and
try their luck at catching some breakfast. After they're out of
earshot, the Major turns to Jane again.

Major: "I don't want any fuckups these next few days. We hold top place
now and it's going to stay that way. Got it?"

Jane: "Yes, Sir."

[Cut to:] The mail tree. Kent is placing bundles of bound papers into
the box below. He stands, holding a book.

Kent: "In the late Nineteen Sixties, a fellow by the name of John
Norman, began the writing on what has became a series of twenty five
books. They are based on an imaginary planet called Gor. Gor is a
world, very similar to Earth, but with a difference.

"The Gor books tell a tale of a civilization, where the men are strong
warriors, and where the women's place is at the feet of the men, their
masters. On Gor, women are held in bondage as slaves and, as such, are
there for the use and for the pleasures of the men.

"Some people who've read Norman's books on Gor, feel that they portray
a society bent on subjugating and degrading women. And while that may
be true, in Gorean society, women are also trusted and valued members
of that society. It is held that the women of Gor are free to explore
their sexuality to the fullest extent, for both their own pleasures,
and for the pleasure of the men that they serve.

"Join us now, as, for the next few days, our contestants immerse
themselves in the world of Gor."

Kent places the book on top of the stack of binders and then closes the
lid. Getting into the Jeep, he drives off.

[Cut to:] Surviver camp. Most of the couples sit around, snacking on
fruit and drinking morning coffee. Kent's Jeep is heard from somewhere
off in the jungle

Peter: "Hear that? Kent must have dropped off the mail."

Colleen: "Let's go see what we've got."

Peter and Sue, Colleen and John, head down to the beach to find out
what Kent has left them. At the mail tree, Peter reaches into the tube
and he finds a rolled up paper that's tied with a thin gold chain. He
unhooks the chain and then unrolls the sheet of paper. Peter reads the
note to the others.

Peter: Reading. "We bid thee welcome, to a land, far away. A land where
Men reside, and those that are destined to serve them. Welcome, to the
land called Gor."

John: "Look!"

John has opened the box and he lifts out the book and one of the
binders of papers. The book is titled "Nomads of Gor" and is written by
John Norman. Colleen takes the binder and flips through the pages.

Colleen: "Listen to this:

"Nadu Position.

"The first and most often used of all of the Gorean slave positions,
and one of the first ones a slave learns. The command is often called
"Nadu," from what seems to be a common Gorean word for kneel. In this
position, the slave kneels and sits upon her heels with her back and
shoulders straight, her chest out, belly in, and her head up, though
she averts her eyes to the floor. Her thighs are open, widely spread,
and her hands rest upon her thighs."

Peter: "There's more." Peter reads the challenge. "The submissives will
learn the positions described in your binders and will be asked to
perform each one, when ordered, for tomorrow's competition. Marked
excerpts in the book are to be read out loud, around the campfire,
tonight and tomorrow night. The day after, the challenge is a wagon
race as described in the book, in the second marked section"

Colleen: "A wagon race? With horses?"

Sue and John look at each other. Colleen catches the exchange between
the two subs, and she starts to laugh.

Peter: "Let's go tell the others."

Peter and Colleen lead the procession back to camp with their subs
following. Colleen is flipping through the book as she walks. Sue and
John carry the ten binders, and Peter, is twirling the gold chain
around his finger. When they reach the camp, the others come running to
see what they've got.

The stack of binders is placed on the camp table and the contestants go
through the material. Sam picks up the book and thumbs through it.

Sam: "Any of you ever read any of Norman's work? Trish and I have one
at home, called Captive of Gor."

Trish: "It was Sam's book. I really enjoyed reading it."

Max: "I've heard about this. There's lots of Gorean sites on the net."

Jane is eager to say something, but the Major gives her "the look", and
she settles back down. He takes one of the binders of slave positions
and he and Jane move off, away from the group. When they are alone,
Jane speaks up.

Jane: "You have many of the Gor books in the library, Sir. You have
given that very one on the table to me to study once. Why did you not
wish the others to know. . . oh. Forgive me, Sir. I understand now."

Major: He's looking through the pages in the binder. "The others need
not know what we know, Jane." He hands the binder to her. "Your
assignment is to learn every one of these positions. I'll drill you
after lunch today."

The Major walks off, leaving his sub alone with the binder. She sits
and begins to read. Other subs are left alone in the camp to go over
the pages, while the doms mostly gather down on the beach.

The cloud cover is thicker now and a strong breeze blows in from the
sea. The dominants sit on logs in a grove of small palm trees where
there's a bit of shelter from the wind.

Peter: "So Major, have you read anything on the land of Gor?"

Major: "I've heard of it, yes. Makes a lot of sense."

Colleen: "As I understand, it's only women who are the slaves."

Max: "There are men slaves too. Females are called Kajira and men are
Kajirus. Male slaves do all the heavy work."

Colleen: "Are all the women there slaves?"

Peter: "In some parts of Gor they are. In many places though, there are
women who are free persons. But anywhere on Gor, being a woman means
that your place is under the men."

Sam: Smiling. "As it should be." Colleen whacks him on the arm. "Owch!"

Colleen: "And what about that horse race the challenge mentioned?"

Peter: "Wagon race."

Major: "Probably a big, heavy wagon, pulled by three or more of the
subs. Think about Medieval times. Castles, mighty warriors, and deeply
sensuous women born to serve them. Subjugation of women is simply part
of the culture on Gor. It's a natural thing in their society. Women
accept it, and the men insist on it."

Peter: To the Major. "I think that you know more about this Gor thing
than you're letting on. Have you read any of Norman's books?"

Major: "I have a few."

Lisa: "And I suppose that you agree that all women should be slaves?"

Major: He looks directly at Lisa. "Not all women. For most, there's no
hope."

The wind begins to really pick up. A few raindrops begin falling. The
dominants decide to take cover inside the shelter and they leave the
beach to head back. Some fruit is gathered from the stores, and by the
time everyone has settled inside the shelter, the sky opens up with a
heavy tropical downpour.


Tower Slave Position

There is another variation of Nadu in which the slave kneels the same
way, but with her knees modestly together. This variation is referred
to as Tower Slave Position and is typically reserved for underage or
white-silk slavegirls, or slavegirls who serve their Master in a non-
sexual way, such as a Tower Slave or female Work Slave. When at rest,
the slave's hands are modestly crossed at the wrist, and lay in her
lap.


Bara Position

This position is sometimes designated by the name Bara, which is a
Gorean word which probably means "belly," although slaves are expected
to respond to the separate command, "Belly," in a different fashion
(described below). In Bara position the slave falls to her stomach,
face down to the floor, her head turned to the left. She crosses her
wrists behind her back, and similarly crosses her ankles, her legs
straight, in preparation for binding. (NOTE: Because of your bondage,
for this position your hands are to placed on either side of your body,
palms down, your wrist chain under your belly.)


Belly Position

This position is a distinctly separate one than the Bara position
described above. It is generally less formal than Bara. In this
position, upon hearing the command "Belly!" the slave "bellies" before
her master, basically falling to her belly at his feet. She lays face
down, with her palms pressed flat to the ground on either side of her
head, and awaits further commands. 


Each of the couples find some space inside the shelter and begin to
practice the Gorean slave positions that they've been assigned. To
some, assuming the positions comes almost naturally to them, while
others, Judith in particular, find the whole thing somewhat humorous.

Edgar: To Judith. "Look, Jude. This is the challenge we've been given.
At least with this one we know what it is and we can practice a bit
beforehand."

Judith: "Slave positions? Jesus, Edgar, give me a break. It's
ridiculous!"

Edgar: "Ridiculous is us blowing a Million bucks because you're too
bitchy to show me proper respect. Now, on your belly, Slave!"

Judith: She assumes the position. "When we get the million, I'm going
to buy this island and keep you chained up here for a year!"

Edgar: "Promises, promises. For now, let's just not forget who's the
master and who's the slave here. All right?"

Judith: "Yes, oh great Master."

Sue is kneeling comfortably in the Nadu position. Peter has her 'Bara',
and she slides gracefully down on her belly, hands to her sides, legs
straight, ankles crossed.

Peter: "Flip the ankle chain to the inside. It's all hanging out
crooked like that." Sue makes the adjustment. "Perfect. You make a
lovely slave, darling."

Sue: "Thank you, Master."

Over in one corner, Myka rests in the Nadu position while Lisa flips
through the book on Gor. Myka's long hair cascades down her back to
come to rest on her feet, under her bum.

Lisa: "Your hair looks beautiful, Myka, but it also could be seen to
hide the beauty of your body underneath. There might be something about
slave girl's hair in here." She turns back a few pages in the book.
"Here. 'Carstil tied her hair in a long braid to keep it out of her way
while she worked.' I'll braid your hair tomorrow for the challenge."

Myka: "Maybe we should do it now and see how it moves when I change
positions."

Lisa: "Sure. Ok."


Lesha: 

This position is used to attach a leash. She kneels, her back to her
Master, with her chin lifted and head turned to the left, offering her
collar for leashing. Her wrists are behind her back, ready, if needed,
to be snapped into slave bracelets. (NOTE: Wrists crossed in front,
since you have your slave bracelets on already.)


Capture Position: 

The girl lies on her back with her knees raised, heels on the floor in
a standard, supine capture position.


Ko-lar (Collar) or Position of Female Submission: 

She kneels at the Master's feet and leans her body back, sitting upon
her heels, with her arms extended upward, crossed at the wrists, and
her head beneath them lowered in supplication.


As the rain drums down on the shelter's roof, the doms put their subs
through the various Gorean slave positions. In the early afternoon the
rain lets up, and shortly after, the sun is shining brightly once more.

The fire has been drowned out from the rain, so Eddie gathers up dry
wood from a pile stashed under the tarp. He uses the bow to get it
going again. Marsha and Sierra begin cooking the rice and beans, and
the last tin of ham is opened for the group's supper.

[Iso shot of Peter and Sue.] They're off gathering coconuts.

Sue: "I had a chance to talk to Jane earlier. I think that there's
something strange going on between those two."

Peter: "Like what? The Major chains Jane to her bed each night? Oh My
God. . . !"

Sue: "No, silly! Actually, she sleeps in a tiny cage. But that's just
it. First I asked her what sort of things they like to do. She seemed
willing to talk about that. It sounded like the Major is pretty hard on
her, but it's their life, so who's to judge.

"But when I asked her how they met, well, she clammed right up. Didn't
want to talk about it. And another thing, she kept on looking around
like she was afraid of the Major seeing her talking to me. I think that
they have a big secret that they're not telling anyone about."

Peter: "The Major's not the type to talk a lot about himself. He may
simply wish to keep their private life private."

Sue: "I think it's a lot deeper than that. I think that Jane is really
afraid of him and what he might do to her."

Peter: "Look, Sue. We're here like everyone else to win the Million
Dollars. If we don't start earning some points in the next challenges
it's all not going to matter. We could be heading home in five days."

Sue drops down on her belly in the dirt before Peter. Her hands are at
the sides of her head, palms down.

Sue: "Forgive this worthless slave, Master. She will try very hard to
please you."

Peter: Smiling. "On your knees, slave. You Do greatly please me."

Sue goes to her knees on the jungle floor. There's a leaf stuck to her
right breast and there are a few twigs tangled in her hair.

Back at camp the evening meal is almost ready. The Major and Jane
return from water detail and Jane places the jugs down near the storage
area. She picks up some fruit from the table and then goes off alone to
eat. Trish notices Jane leaving, and then she sees the marks on the
girl's ass. Trish finds Sam and goes to him.

Trish: Whispered to Sam. "The Major must have caned Jane. There's marks
all over her bum."

Peter and Sue return carrying two coconuts each and they pass by Sam
and Trish. Sam nudges Peter and tells him about Jane.

Sue: "I knew it. Where is she. We have to go to her."

Sam: "Easy, now. Let's just get our dinner and then we'll go eat down
on the beach."

The four get their meals and one by one, without arousing suspicion,
they drift away to go and find Jane. A little ways up the beach, Jane
is sitting out in the water. Her head is down, though as Sue and Trish
approach, she looks up. She has been crying.

Trish: "Jane, are you all right?"

Jane: "Hi Trish. Sure, I'm Ok."

Trish: "I saw the marks on your ass, Jane."

Jane: Her forced smile falters a bit. "It's nothing, really."

Sue: "Let me see."

Jane: "No! I. . . ."

Trish and Sue lift the girl to her feet. Peter and Sam are standing
nearby and Peter lets out a gasp.

Sam: "Jesus."

Sue: "Oh, Jane."

Jane's bum is covered with raised welts. In some places the skin has
broken and the water dripping off her is tinged with pinkish red. The
sea water must have stung her something awful, but the salt would have
helped to kill any chance of infection at least.

Sam: "You and the Major went for water. What happened, Jane?"

Jane: "I. . . I displeased my Master and he was forced to discipline
me, Sir."

Sam: "How did you displease Kilpatrick?"

Jane: "I. . . this afternoon, I got my period. He felt that it may hurt
my ability to compete in the challenges, Sir."

Peter: "What!?"

Sue: "A girl can't control when her monthly comes. What kind of shit is
that?"

Jane: "The Major hates it when my menses come. Usually he doesn't beat
me so hard, but today I guess he felt like it. Sir."

Peter: "This is fucking bullshit! I'm going to have a talk with that
prick."

Trish: "Don't look now but here he comes."

The Major steps out onto the beach and sees the four people gathered
around his sub Jane. He moves towards them carrying a bowl of food.

Major: "What's going on here, Jane?"

Peter: "You tell us what's going on here, Major."

Major: He waits a beat until he's standing near Jane. "I had to
discipline my submissive. Any problem with that?"

Peter: "What did she do to warrant a beating like that?"

Major: He hands the bowl of food to Jane. "That's none of your
business, is it."

Sam: He places his hand on Peter's arm. "No, it isn't. Let's leave
these two alone, Trish."

Sam and Peter and their subs move away from the Major and Jane, to
gather again on the beach.

Sam: "I think we should keep an eye on the Major from now on. Agreed?"

Trish: "We'll pass the word to a few other subs. Jane isn't to be left
alone with him anymore."

Sam: "Good. We'll let it lie for now. Even though we may not agree with
the way they choose to live their life, they're certainly free to do as
they see fit. If Jane wasn't happy, she could simply leave the Major.
Right?"

The four take seats near the fire pit to watch the evening sky, and
keep an eye on Jane, who's eating her supper. The Major has the tube of
ointment from the first aid kit and he's rubbing some cream on Jane's
bum.

Sue: "Maybe she can't leave him."

Trish: "What, she's too much in love with him?"

Sue: "Could be. Or maybe it's something else."

Peter: "Look. We'll watch out for Jane, but we still have a challenge
to win tomorrow. Ok, Sue?"

Sue: She slips off the log she's sitting on to lay prone, Bara, in the
sand. "Yes, Master. This lowly slave will honour you in the challenge
tomorrow."

Sam: To Peter. "A fine slave you have, sir. How much do you want for
the girl? Mine gives me much displeasure of late. Owch!"

Trish has reached out and tweaked Sam's nipple between two fingers. She
leaps up and runs, ankle chain jingling, into the sea. Sam catches her
easily and tackles Trish into the water. Together, they laugh and
splash about for a bit, then swim out further. In the deeper water,
they come together as one.

Others begin to gather down on the beach and wood is brought for the
nightly bonfire. Eddie and Max carry fishing poles to the boat. Out in
the water, they pick up Sam, and then head out past the reef.

Colleen suggests that the submissives assemble together to run through
the Gorean slave positions. So all of the subs line up along the beach
and Mark is chosen to call out the commands.


Obeisance position: 

She goes to the floor, laying upon her stomach, face down before the
Master. She turns her head and places her cheek against his feet,
kissing them lightly in a gesture of love and submission.


Table:

This command is used when a Master is in need of a table to rest his
drink or to just rest his feet. She goes to all fours, locking her
elbows, making her back smooth and level, holding her head level as
well.


Whipping Position or Kneeling to the Whip: 

She first assumes the Nadu position, though with her arms crossed in
front of her. She then leans forward and places her head to the floor,
first sweeping her hair forward over her shoulders in order that her
back might be utterly exposed to the whip.


The subs are drilled on the slave positions for nearly an hour. Mark
begins with having them simply 'stand' for several minutes. A few of
them become impatient and start fidgeting and talking, but are quickly
corrected by their doms. Then Mark begins calling out the positions.

The pace is picked up and the subs have to move both quickly and as
gracefully as they can to assume each position. Judith is slow to shift
into the 'sleen' position and receives a hard smack on her bum by Edgar
who's standing behind her. John steps on his ankle chain and stumbles a
bit, earning a swat on his bum with a stick that Colleen is holding.

Jane is at the end of the line and she is being closely watched by the
Major. Although her motions are slightly jerky at times, Kilpatrick
chooses to cut her some slack. He knows how much she's hurting from her
beating earlier on. He can see that she is trying to best the other
subs in the drill, and so he feels that, tomorrow, she will be ready.

Sue is beside Jane and from time to time she glances at the girl. Sue
can't help but feel empathy for her because she understands the pain
that the other girl still must be feeling. There have been times, at
her request, that Peter has whipped her almost as hard as Jane appears
to have gotten it. She had asked him to do it because she wanted to
know what it would feel like, and also, to learn how much she would be
able to take.

The Major notes that the other submissives, and some of the doms, seem
to be keeping an eye on his sub, Jane. Jane, however, is keeping her
mind fully on moving herself into each of the slave positions as fast,
and as smoothly as she can. If the others feel that they need to
distract themselves from the task at hand, he thinks, then so much the
better for him.

Eddie brings the boat in at dusk and he, Sam, and Max, have caught
three nice fish for the group's breakfast. The fire is lit, and the
couples gather around while Mark reads the assigned sections of the
book.

[Go commercial.] / [Return.]

[Title: DAY FIFTEEN.]

[Early morning, on the beach.] The sun is just beginning to peek over
the horizon as the Major and Jane begin their exercise routine.
Earlier, when they first wakened, the Major had spread some more of the
antibiotic cream on Jane's whip marks. Her bum shines in the dim light
of dawn.

Jane glances at her master from time to time, trying to gauge his mood
this morning. Every time she bends over she feels a twinge of pain from
each and every one of the marks that stripe her ass. However, before
she can summon the courage to speak to him, Peter and Sue show up to
start their morning workout.

As the sun begins it's daily climb, Peter and Sue warm up with a few
stretching moves. Then, Peter turns to the Major.

Peter: "Feel like a run, Major?"

Major: He gives a sidelong glance at Jane. "Sure, why not."

Peter: "We'll check the mail."

Peter and the Major head off down the beach leaving Jane and Sue alone.
Jane feels uneasy and begins to inch away from the other submissive.
Sue waits until the two doms are out of sight.

Sue: Softly. "Jane, can we talk?"

Jane: "The Major has ordered me not to speak to any of you."

Sue: "Jane, you have to talk about it."

Jane: "No, Sue. I cannot."

Trish steps out onto the beach and comes over to the other two.

Sue: To Trish. "Trish. Go over to the boat and pretend to check it.
Peter has the Major down at the mail tree. Give us a wave when they
come back."

Trish: "Right."

Trish heads off and Sue turns to Jane.

Sue: "Now. Tell me, Jane."

Jane: "Sue, there's nothing to tell. The Major is hard on me sometimes.
That's all there is to it."

Sue: "Have you seen what he did to you? Have you looked at your bum?
There's no question that you've been beaten, and harder than anyone
should have to be. How's that going to look on TV? Does he think that
it's Ok to beat someone like that for no real reason?"

Jane: She gives the camera a glance. "The Major has a reason for
everything he does."

Sue: "Why did he beat you like that?"

Jane: "He. . . I'm not sure. He doesn't have to explain his actions to
me."

Sue looks towards Trish, who's standing by the boat. Trish glances over
at the two, then turns back to watch for the Major's return. Sue turns
to Jane again.

Sue: "Why do you stay with Kilpatrick? Is it because you love him?"

Jane: "I. . . I. . . I don't know. I don't know what love is, Sue."

Sue: "Why do you stay with him then? How did you get hooked up with a
man like that?"

Jane: "He. . . ." She glances towards the camera again. "No! I can't
talk about it, Sue."

Jane turns and moves away from Sue. She runs, head down, into the
jungle. Sue turns to look at Trish. Trish shrugs and moves to her. The
two meet near the trail to the shelter.

Sue: "She won't talk. I think that she's scared shitless of him."

Trish: "Look. We tried, all right? We've got a competition to get
through today, so let it drop for now. I talked to some of the others,
and we'll watch out for her. For now, that's all we can do."

Sue: "You're right, Trish. Ok."

Trish: "Let's go see if anyone's made some coffee."

Back at camp, Peter and Sue talk while having breakfast.

Peter: "Anything?"

Sue: "No. She won't say a thing. I'm really worried, Peter. She. . . ."

Peter: "Look, Sue. You and I need to win the challenge today. All
right? If we get bumped off the island, there's nothing we can do for
Jane. So let's concentrate on the game. Ok?"

Sue: Sighs. "Yes. Ok."

Peter: "Ok, what?"

Sue: "Ok, Sir?"

Peter: "That's better."

The challenge area is a patch of beach just South of the survivers
encampment. Ten short sticks have been placed in the sand in a
semicircle. Kent and Miss Kate stand in the center and the couples
gather around them.

Kent: "Welcome. Have you all been practicing your positions? Now, The
doms will sit this one out, so if you'd like to make yourselves
comfortable over there, we can begin." 

Kent waves the doms towards some logs in the shade at the jungle's
edge.

"There are ten sticks in the sand. The sticks will symbolize the feet
of your masters. You will preform your positions to the stick, as if it
was your master standing there. It would be too crowded if all twenty
of you were standing there and we need to see you subs complete each of
the moves. So Subs, take a position in front of a stick, facing me, and
Stand."

Each sub stands before one of the short sticks in the sand. Not all of
them have picked up that the order to stand was one of their positions,
and the contest has already started. Judith stands at ease and is
looking around. Rusty too stands with his feet together, and only after
seeing that most of the others have assumed the proper 'stand'
position, does he shift his feet apart. Sue got it right off, though,
as did several of the other subs, stepping in front of a stick to take
up the proper 'Stand' position.

Kent and Miss Kate write in their notepads. Kent calls for the next
position, Nadu. All the subs fluidly lower down on their knees. Kent
and Kate walk around the subs, checking their positions. Any small
thing, like a back not straight, feet not properly placed, a general
lack of symmetry, and a note goes into Kent or Kate's book.

Kate looks closely at Myka. She has her hair in a braid but she also
has looped the braid up double and knotted it. The knot lays evenly
across her left shoulder. Perfect for a master to grab hold of. Myka
earns a positive mark in Kate's book for her creativity in the use of
her long hair.

Kent: "Bara."

As one, the subs drop to their hands, slide their legs from under them,
then go down on their bellies. Kent is standing behind Jane now, and he
sees the vicious looking slashes across her bum. He also notes that
Jane has one hand the right way, flat against her side, while her other
hand is palm up, beside her.

One by one, Kent calls out the Gorean slave positions and he and Kate
move amongst the subs, checking that they have assumed the positions
correctly. At the mid point of the challenge, Kent and Kate move off to
the side to compare notes. They stand on camera, away from the others.

Kate: "I have Sue and Myka in the lead, Kent."

Kent: "I agree. Myka's hair is lovely and she handles it well. Sue's
hair is loose though, and she controls it with equal grace.

Kate: "Marsha was slow on the sleen position. John is trying hard
though. I have him third now."

Kent: "You notice Jane's ass?"

Kate: "How could you not? Have you noticed her doing little things to
try and blow it?"

Kent: "A hand or a foot slightly out of place. Always on the side away
from Kilpatrick."

Kate: "Yes."

Kent: "Should they do the Gorean Love Bow?"


Gorean Love Bow: This position is very painful to maintain for longer
than five minutes. She kneels in Nadu position and bends her body
backwards, her head to the floor. She places her hands by her head, and
pulls up into a back bend.


Kate: "Let's see who falls first."

Kent: "Oh, you are a nasty one."

The submissives have been left on their bellies for the judges confab.
Kent has them 'Nadu', then calls for the 'Gorean Love Bow'. They all
lean back, place their hands back over their heads and down upon the
sand behind them. That's as far as some of the submissives get.

A person has to be in great shape to hold a position like this for any
length of time. Some of them are unable to raise their bodies up
properly. After a couple tries, Kent lets the few concede the position.

When Sue lowered her head she'd given it a shake, and her hair now
pools on the sand around her head like a halo. Perfect. Myka's hair
knot curls fetchingly across her forehead as she stares out to an
upside down sea. Sue and Myka hold the position easily, Myka, due to
her lithe dancers body.

Rusty and John are balls up in the pose, but Rusty's arms are already
trembling from the strain. Sierra's big tits have spread out somewhat
and look less appealing now, compared to during some of the other
positions.

At just under three minutes, Rusty, and Sierra drop from exhaustion.
Nadine falls shortly after. Kent calls a halt to the competition.

Kent: "Ok, ladies and gentlemen, there's a cooler of soft drinks over
there. Help yourselves. Kate and I will announce the winners shortly."

The doms and subs gather around the cooler to take cans of pop and ice
cubes. Kate and Kent move off to go through their notes.

Kate: "I have Sue and Myka in first, Kent."

Kent: "I saw Myka have to shift one foot a little for 'table'. She was
magnificent though."

Kate: "So Sue, Myka, then John?"

Kent: "Yes. John was quick, and I could see that he was really trying
hard."

Kate: "All right."

Kent and Kate move towards the group standing around the cooler. Kent
reaches into it and takes the last two cans of pop, handing one to
Kate. They pause a moment to quench their thirst. Judging competitions
like these is tough work.

Kent: "The points are fifteen, ten and five. In first place is the
couple of Peter and Sue. Second place goes to Lisa and Myka, and third,
for five points, Colleen and John. Congratulations, folks.

"Tomorrow's challenge is set for the sand bar, north of camp, after
dinner at low tide. Have a light supper tomorrow, subs, I think it's
going to be a strenuous contest. I'll see you all then."

The couples head back to camp with Peter and Sue in the lead. Some of
those that trail the procession aren't looking too happy, knowing that
they've dropped further in the points totals.

When they get to the camp area, most of the couples go off together or
find places to sit down on the beach. Sam and Trish follow the Major
and Jane up to the shelter along with a few of the others. Trish and
Nadine look through the food stores and prepare some fruit for whoever
wants some. Sam, Max and Eddie offer to go for water.

The Major sits with Jane on the step of the shelter.

Major: "I don't understand what happened in the challenge, Jane.
Perhaps you could enlighten me. Why did we fail?"

Jane: "I don't know, Sir. I did the best that I could."

Major: "Well that wasn't good enough, was it?"

Jane: "No, Sir."

The Major stands and heads to the latrine. After he's gone, Trish moves
to Jane and hands her a banana. She sits with the girl.

Trish: "How's your bum, Jane?"

Jane: "It feels better now."

Trish and Jane sit in front of the shelter and munch on bananas for a
while. Trish is looking out into the jungle, and then she begins to
speak.

Trish: "It's funny, sometimes, the things us submissives let happen to
us. People that don't understand what drives us would think us crazy,
the things we get up to."

Jane: "What do you mean, Trish?"

Trish: "The whipping you got. Sam and I have never really been into
the rough stuff, but I know that there's many that are. But it's all
part of the same thing. These things that we subs put ourselves
through, and that can seem so dreadfully bizarre to outsiders, these
are the things that give us such wildly intense pleasures."

Jane: "I'm not sure I understand."

Trish: "Ever been left completely alone in the dark for a while?"

Jane: "Well, yes."

Trish: "Sam has a little cottage way out in the wilderness. It's
surrounded by rugged mountains, and there's a cave system through one
of them. I. . . I had Sam take me right into the heart of the mountain
and chain me up down there. Then, he left me alone to find my own way
out. With no light. It took me twelve days of stumbling around in the
dark to find the exit from those caves."

Jane: "Oh my God, Trish. Why would he do something like that?"

Trish: She looks at Jane. "Because I asked him to."

Jane: "But. . . ."

Trish: "I've never told anyone about this, Jane. Not even Sam. Getting
out of that cave by myself was the hardest thing I've ever done. And it
was the most incredibly awesome experience of my life. I had a hobble
chain, half as long as these," Trish brings up one foot to the limit of
her chain, "and I had my hands locked close together." She brings her
wrist cuffs together to show Jane. "I had to feel my way along because
I couldn't see a thing in front of me.

"There were times that I just wanted to lay down and die in there. I'd
feel the darkness pressing on me and I knew that it was just little
chained me, all alone, inside miles of solid rock. And then I'd brush a
fingertip, across my clit a couple times, and I'd fucking cum like a
bomb went off inside my head.

"You know what kept me going? It was my love for Sam. He not only
allowed me the chance to try it but he helped make it possible. I could
see that he didn't really understand why I'd want to put myself through
something like that, but he understood that it was something I really
wanted to do. At the end, I was just about ready to give up. And then I
started to see the dim light ahead. Then, suddenly, I was out. I'd made
it through to the end. Sam came to me, and everything was right in the
world. I was the happiest person alive, that night."

Jane: "Trish, why are you telling me this?"

Trish: "You must have the same feelings for the Major, yes?"

Jane: "No."

Trish: "But your ass. You like getting whipped, right?"

Jane: "What, are you nuts? My ass is killing me!"

Trish: "But. . . I thought. . . ."

Jane: "I'm so in love with the Major and I like getting beaten?" Jane
stands up. "Jesus, Trish, you don't have a clue."

Trish: "What. . . ."

Jane walks away and leaves Trish sitting, confused, on the steps. Sue,
who's been watching the two talk, comes and sits beside her.

Trish: "Jane isn't in love with him. I don't even think there's
anything sexual between them."

Sue: "Then what? Why does she stay with him?"

Trish: "Yeah. Why?"

Jane takes a coconut shell cup of water, drinks it, then takes the
trail down to the beach. Trish and Sue watch her leave, her striped
bum a red, white, and purple flag, moving through the trees.

[Cut to:] Sam, Max and Eddie have reached the well and are filling
water jugs.

Max: "Sierra and I could be gone in a few days if we don't get some
points."

Sam: "Yeah. In any case, five of us will be heading home in, what, four
days."

Eddie: "Four days. It's going to be really strange for those who get to
stay. Living so closely with so many people and then suddenly having
half of them go will be a bit of a shock."

Sam: "We should have a big feast on the last day."

Max: "Kill a pig maybe?"

Sam: "Right. I'm getting sick of fish anyway. I'll talk to the Major
about it."

The three doms lift up the water jugs and start back to camp.

Max: "What do you need to talk to him for? He's not the boss here."

Sam: "Quite frankly, I haven't the stomach to chop some poor piggies
head off. The Major killed the last one, so if he's willing, I'd rather
he did it than me."

Max: "Yeah, I guess so."

[Cut to:] The boat, out on the water. Sierra, Myka and Judith have
taken the boat out to try catching some dinner. Inside an ice chest on
board, two fish splash around in some water. Myka hooks something and
hauls it up. It's a fair size Bluefish which she unhooks and adds to
the others.

Judith: To Myka. "You're ahead in the points total, Right?"

Myka: "Lisa and I have one point over the Major now. Did you see his
face drop when Kent announced the results this afternoon?"

Judith: "Did you see what he did to his sub's ass?"

Sierra: "Sue mentioned that we should keep an eye on them two so he
doesn't get a chance to whip her again. I can't see how it's any
business of ours what they choose to do out here."

Myka: "Yes. We each express our love for our partners in different
ways. Just because someone doesn't like what somebody else is doing, it
doesn't give them the right to interfere."

Sierra: "Unless it's being done against one's will."

Judith: "Right. The Major and Jane wouldn't have been picked for the
game if they weren't in a consenting relationship. Whoa!"

Judith's line goes taught and she hauls up a beauty. Myka reaches over
the side of the boat to grab the fish and Sierra unhooks it. It barely
fits in the cooler. The girls pull up the lines and head back to camp.

After supper the couples gather on the beach. Mark reads aloud the
assigned section from John Norman's book. The section basically
describes a big heavy wagon that is being pulled through a town by six
strong slave girls.

After Mark finishes reading the few marked pages, some of the subs
request to hear more of the story so Mark continues reading the book,
starting at the beginning.

A few hours later he passes the book to Sam to continue reading, and
later on, Eddie takes over. It's quite late when Colleen finally closes
the book and the couples leave the campfire to get some sleep.

[Go commercial.] / [Return.]

[Title: DAY SIXTEEN.]

Dawn, on the beach. Late morning actually, since most of the
contestants have slept in late today. The others have finally taken the
cue from the Major and Jane, and have joined them today to do some
exercises. With Kent's warning of the upcoming challenge being a
strenuous one, the dominants thought it best for their subs to make
some effort to limber up.

Peter and Sam check the tree mail while breakfast is being prepared.
The only message they find is the current points standing.

Peter: "Yesterday, Sue and I would have been gone, but now we're only
six points behind first place.

Sam: "The points spread is close. It's still anyone's game."

Back at camp, little expense is spared for the morning meal. The last
of the flour and some leftover cooked fish are used to make fish cakes.
There's fruit, and Rusty found a bunch of eggs from some bird nests
in the jungle. He's boiling them in a pot of water. The group sits
together to eat, with some speculating on the day's challenge.

More fish is caught for lunch, and another large meal is enjoyed by the
contestants. The afternoon is spent peacefully with no arguments and no
fighting. All of the couples are mentally preparing themselves for the
upcoming important challenge.

[Show scenes, preparations for the wagon race.]

A backhoe and a bulldozer work on the sand bar. Sand is brought up and
piled into a raised strip, then the bulldozer packs and flattens the
race course. The sand bar now stretches a half mile out from the beach,
almost to a tiny island further out to sea. The machines have to
retreat to shore each time the tide comes in.

Kent: Voiceover. "For the past three days, the crew has worked to build
up this sandbar."

[Cut to:] A shot of two solid looking, flat bed wooden wagons. Kent is
standing before them.

Kent: "A team of five subs each, will pull these wagons out to the end
of the sandbar and back. They'll stop at the far end so we can turn the
wagons safely, and they'll get few moments to catch their breath. Then
they will sprint back to the finish line."

Kent: He holds up a leather harness. "The subs will be fitted with
these harnesses and hitched to the wagons. Two doms will sit up on each
wagon to drive them. It should make for an interesting race."

The contestants have a light supper and then head up the beach to the
challenge site. The two wagons are side by side at the starting line
and Kent, Brent, and Miss Kate stand nearby. After the couples have
walked around the wagons and examined them, they assemble around a
table piled with the leather harnesses.

Kent: "Welcome. This will be the tenth competition we've held, and I
think it's going to be a good one. There will be five subs in each
team, and the winning team gets twenty points each. In a few moments
we'll be drawing cards to determine the two teams. Also, we'll need
four dominants, two for each wagon.

"Before we start though, there's a few safety items I will mention.
These wagons are big and heavy and, when they get rolling, they are a
force to be reckoned with. The wagons have brakes, and one dom will be
in charge of applying them if any of your subs trips or falls. You'll
start out side by side, and the other dominant in each wagon will be
responsible for keeping his team on course. You'll keep to the side of
the course that you're on.

"At the far end is a line, and that is the halfway point. Drive your
team across and then stop. We'll take the time to get the wagons turned
around safely and then you'll go again, back here to the finish. Brent
will be at the far end to time you, and your second starts will be
staggered accordingly.

"Kate, you want to get the submissives fitted now?"

Kate: "Sure. Subs, line up, tallest to shortest, biggest to smallest."

The harnesses come in three sizes and the straps are adjustable with
buckles. Each sub is given a harness to put on. The doms help their
subs get into the complicated webbing of leather straps.

Starting at the top, each harness has two over the shoulder straps.
These buckle to an inch wide belt around the upper chest, under the
subs armpits. This belt, and another, wider one, around the sub's
waist, have large D rings, front and back.

From the back of the upper chest belt, runs a wide band of thick
leather, down the back, narrowing where it passes through the crotch,
then up, buckled to the front of the top strap. All of this is adjusted
nice and snug and checked by Brent and Miss Kate.

Rusty and John get a plain strap buckled around their chests, between
the upper and lower one. The girls get one with two, heavy, chromed
steel rings on it for their tits to stick through. Sierra, and her huge
mammaries, looks especially fetching with the two, size large, shiny
steel rings around them.

Standing in the late day sunlight, the ten submissives are an awesome
sight. The black leather harnesses complement their leather wrist and
ankle cuffs nicely. Shiny chains between the cuffs, and the two shiny
rings around their breasts make the picture complete. The doms are
moved to grins and smiles seeing their subs decked out so attractively.

Kent produces a thin deck of cards. He gives them a shuffle and then
fans them out in his hand, face down. He holds the deck to the subs.

Kent: "Submissives. Pick a card. Any card."

Each of the submissives take a card.

Kent: "Ace to five is the near wagon, six to ten, the far one. The ace
leads the first team, and the six leads the other one. Hold up your
cards so we can all see, please."

Sue and Rusty draw the lead positions for each wagon team. With Sue,
are Marsha, John, Jane and Sierra. The other team is Rusty, with
Judith, Myka Trish, and Nadine. Kent pulls a second deck of cards from
his other pocket.

Kent: "Subs, Kate and Brent will get you hitched up. Now for the
dominants. Since Sue and Rusty are the lead ponies, Peter and Eddie
will drive. We'll draw for the brakeman for each wagon. There's eight
cards here. The ace, and the two, get to ride. We'll draw until we get
matches of dom and sub with each team."

Except for Peter and Eddie, the other doms pick a card. They only have
to do the draw once. Colleen rides with Peter and Mark picks the ace,
Eddie's wagon with Nadine in the team.

Each wagon has a long bar out from the front with two cross bars
attached by steel shackles. Four subs stand in front of the cross bars
and they are attached to it by the D rings in their upper chest and
waist belts. The leaders stand to one side of the front of the main bar
and they are secured to it by a strap attached to the front and back
rings of their waist belt. Each lead pony stands on the outside of the
bar, the side away from the other wagon. 

On the front D ring at each sub's chest belt, two thin straps are
clipped on and passed up, over their shoulders. These are the reins,
and they're gathered together in two bunches, left and right, then
handed up to each wagon's driver. Peter and Eddie pull up the slack in
each rein, then sit, waiting. There's a bench seat across the front of
each wagon. Colleen and Mark, the brakemen - or brake persons, it would
be - sit beside them, to their right.

At the very front of the main bar is a upturned skid attachment. If the
whole team were to go down, the bar will slide along the sand rather
than digging in and causing a major upset. Kent explains this to the
teams, while Brent sprints down to the end of the track with a
stopwatch.

Kent: "Your brakes are on right now. Brakemen, push the leaver to the
outside and it will fall forward." 

Colleen and Mark do this. Kent asks them to get the feel for the brake
handle and they do.

Kent: "Above everything else today, I'd like to have a safe race. You
submissives will have to quickly find your rhythm and stick to it. The
course is a half mile out and a half mile back again. With your ankle
chains, you won't win any speed records here, but your two teams are
fairly equally matched and I think it's going to be a good race. Are
you ready?"

Kent sees that Brent is in position at the half way line. He waves, and
Brent waves back.

Kent: "Brakes off?" Mark and Colleen check. "Contestants, ready? GO!"

Ten submissives lean hard into the traces. Slowly, the wagon wheels
begin to turn. Peter and Eddie crack the reins, and the thin strips of
leather telegraph their intentions down to the subs shoulders. Twenty
bare feet dig into the sand and the wagons move out onto the sand bar.
Like big old steam trains, the subs huff and puff, and the two big
wagons begin to pick up some speed.

[Camera in boat, following the race.] At the quarter post the teams are
neck and neck. Peter has developed a routine of flicking the reins for
each four steps, and his team is following this pace nicely. As the
wagon picks up more speed his rhythm increases proportionally. Eddie
picks up on this tactic and follows suit.

Eddie holds a slight lead at the half way mark. Peter sees Sierra
stumble slightly, but she regains her footing quickly and they press
on. Eddie sees that his wagon is inching towards the edge of the
course. He gives the right reins two tugs, and his team responds before
the wheels can bog down in the softer sand.

Eddie has a three foot lead over Peter's team, at the three quarter
post. Peter feels that the subs under his command are giving it all,
but as he's watching John putting his feet down, he hears him calling
out to the other subs, encouraging them to pick up the pace. Peter,
ever so slightly, increases the tempo of his flicking the reins.

Brent is standing in the water at the half way line. The two wagons
roar towards it. Rusty's nose passes the line and he clicks the
stopwatch on, then, a second and three quarters after, when Sue
crosses, he stops the timer.

Colleen and Mark ease on the brakes and the wagons slow down. Eddie
calls to Peter to "Take the inside," and so Peter lets the other wagon
pass him, then he pulls on the left reins to turn his team. Eddie
drives a bit further on and then makes his turn. As if they all do this
for a living, the two teams smoothly make their turns and draw up to
the starting line again.

Brent: "We'll have a two minute break for you to catch your breath. The
team of Eddie has a one and three quarter second lead."

Eddie: He looks over to Peter and grins. "Ain't this great?"

Peter: He laughs. "Damn straight! I haven't had this much fun in ages!"

For one sub to go down to their knees, they all have to, since they're
all harnessed to the center posts. So they all kneel on the sand and
gasp for air. The two minute break is up too soon.

Brent: "Challengers, take your positions!"

When the wagons are positioned correctly, the tip of the lead bar on
the line, Brent moves to one side.

Brent: "The first start is Eddie's team. Peter's team goes on the
second one. All right?"

Everyone understands the starting arrangement. Brent holds the
stopwatch.

Brent: "Ready! GO!" One steamboat, two stea-- "GO!"

The subs pull hard in the traces and the two wagons pick up speed for
the home stretch. Peter pushes his team a bit harder now, and at the
half way post, they are once more neck and neck. Then, Sue begins to
inch ahead of Rusty.

At the three quarter mark, Sue has a full length on Eddie's team.
Sierra, who's hitched behind Sue, is even with Rusty, the other team's
lead pony. Eddie sees Judith's foot go out on a rut in the sand and
Mark's hand hovers over the brake handle. But Judith regains her
footing and bravely presses on.

The teams drive hard to the finish line. Peter's team crosses it with a
pony length and a half over Eddie's team. Kent waves the two lead
ponies in opposite directions, and the wagons peel off to either side,
to roll along the beach, slowing down.

Once Peter's wagon slows to a safe speed, he pulls up on the right
reins to turn his team. His dutiful ponies come around. Then, at an
easy trot, they bring their wagon up beside Eddie's. Colleen pulls the
brake, and the two doms, grinning widely, jump down to the sand.

Kent: "Congratulations to the Team of Peter and Colleen! Great race
everyone. Thanks for coming out.

"We have a special treat for all of you tonight. There's pizzas and
cases of beer and soft drinks on the way. We'll get you ponies
unhitched and your doms can give you a wash down, then we'll eat."

Brent, Kate, and the doms, all work to help the subs get unhitched from
the wagons and take their harnesses off. Once freed, the subs all go in
for a swim. Soon after, a Jeep drives up holding boxes of pizzas and
drinks for all.

[Show scenes from the evening party.]

[Roll credits.] [Split screen with credits, show points totals.]

The Major and Jane         125
Peter and Sue              120
Brandi and Marsha          110
Lisa and Myka              106
Sam and Trish              100
Colleen and John            97
Max and Sierra              94
Edgar and Judith            93
Eddie and Rusty             89
Mark and Nadine             87

[END Episode 5.]

"Next Time On Surviver:"

"Two more challenges, and we'll know the five couples that will be
continuing on for another twenty days. Next week, we'll find out who
stays, and who will have to leave, Surviver Island."

 - End of file. -






 Episode  6.       SURVIVER          (C) dino 2001

[Start.]

[Voiceover and show scenes of island.] "Twenty people, ten dominant -
submissive couples, stranded on a tiny south seas island. Every three
days the couples will have to compete against each other in two
challenge competitions, for rewards, and for points. At the end of
twenty days, the five couples with the fewest number of points will
have to leave the island, while the rest will continue on for another
twenty days. In the end, the couple with the highest number of points
will be declared the winner, and will walk away with One Million
Dollars."

"Last time on Surviver:" [Run clips as the host, Kent, speaks.]

"For the last three days, our contestants have immersed themselves in
the ways of Gorean culture. Their first challenge was for the
submissives to learn and preform on command, the various Gorean slave
positions. [Show subs doing the routine.] The couple of Peter and Sue
picked up fifteen points with Sue's flawless display of the positions.
Myka earned ten points and John gained five.

"For the second challenge, the subs were divided up into two teams, and
made to pull two heavy wagons out along the sandbar and back again.
[Show scenes from the race.] This challenge earned twenty points each
for the couples of Peter, Colleen, Brandi, the Major, and Max.

"However the buzz around camp the past few days has been the Major's
rather harsh treatment of his sub, Jane. She suffered a severe beating
at his hands that has upset many in the group. [Show Jane's striped
bum.]

"Can our contestants focus themselves on surviving these next three
days and making it beyond the split, when five couples have to leave?
Stay tuned to this important episode of Surviver."

[Run Opening Title Sequence.]  [Episode Intro Sequence: 65 seconds.]

05 seconds -     Airport: small plane taking off - classic over the
camera shot.

12 seconds -     Small plane flying over water - slow zoom to cockpit -
jungle drums begin building.

17 second sequence - ahead view, flying low over water. Plane banks
left, island comes into view as title music breaks in and dialogue
begins (see below). Pull up, camera tilts down, show fly over of
island, trees etc.

20 second sequence - show cast: head shots, 2 seconds each couple,
background is island shore as plane flies past.

11 seconds -     Night view of beach from point offshore: fast zoom in
to bonfire, chained submissives dancing around it. Expand title and
logo. Hold for 5 seconds.

Fade to black.

Intro Dialogue:

Island fly over: "Ten couples, stranded on a tiny south seas island,
forced to fend for themselves. Every three days the couples must
compete in two challenges, for rewards, and for points that will lead
to one of our couples winning a grand prize of One Million Dollars."

Show cast: "Within each of these couples, one person is in control
while the other person submits to that control. One is dominant while
the other is submissive. Each submissive is fitted with wrist and ankle
cuffs and chains which will hamper their movements, and which shall be
worn by them at all times while on the island."

Night view: "In the end, one couple will walk away as the sole
survivers."

[End episode intro.]


[Evening of day sixteen, after the wagon race.]

The couples return to their beach and the bonfire is stoked up.
Everyone is in fine spirits, even the subs, despite them being worn out
from having to pull those heavy wagons. The points spread has closed up
even tighter now and it's still anyone's game.

The subs have red marks on them from the harnesses, and Jane's bum is
still striped from the Major's caning of her. She sits gingerly on the
sand, away from the fire. Her dominant sits with her.

Major: "Nice work today. We're back in first place."

Jane remains silent, unsure of how to respond to him. She has learned
that it's sometimes better to simply wait the Major out.

Myka passes by the Major and Jane, and he looks up at the pretty Asian
girl. Myka feels the Major's eyes boring into her as she moves past and
she glances down to him. A slight grin plays on her lips. The Major
flashes her a smile. Jane's eyes grow cold as she catches this
exchange. When the Major returns his attention to her, she looks
downwards at the sand before her.

On the other side of the bonfire, Max and Edgar, who've drank a few too
many beers at the pizza party after the race, are arguing about
something trivial. Nadine is with Judith who has slightly twisted her
ankle during the race. The production camp doctor has wrapped it with
an elastic bandage and Nadine is holding an ice pack on it for her.
Sierra is sitting nearby.

Nadine: "It's not too bad, Judith. Just take it easy for a day or two
and you'll be Ok."

Judith: She's tugging on her leather ankle cuff. "This damn cuff and
chain is cutting off the circulation! It's killing me!"

Sierra: She feels Judith's ankle which is a bit swollen. "It's not too
tight, Judith. Stop complaining. You'll be fine."

Nadine: "You know the rules. If they have to cut your cuffs off, you
and Edgar are out of the game. Keep the ice on it, keep off your feet,
and you'll be Ok."

Colleen sits with her submissive, John. 

Colleen: "Wow, winning that wagon race has put us back in the running.
We're in, what, fourth place now?"

John: "Fifth, I think. We've done pretty well, haven't we?"

Colleen: "You've done well, my sweet. If our luck holds we could make
it past the cut in three days." Colleen is quiet for a while. Then she
takes John's hand. "Want to go for a walk?"

John catches the look in his Mistresses eyes. The look that spells she
wants to have sex. Colleen pulls John to his feet and the two go off
into the jungle for some private time.

[Voiceover.] [Camera on Edgar and Max who are still arguing.] "As the
points now stand, Edgar and Max would have to leave the island when the
group splits. Tensions will run high amongst some of the couples for
the next few days."

The argument ends, as arguments with Max usually do, with him turning
heel and stomping off into the jungle. Edgar shakes his head, then goes
to sit with his sub, Judith.

Lisa takes the hand of her sub, Myka, and they wade out into the water
to join Brandi and Marsha. The four girls stand chest deep in the warm
sea.

Brandi: To Lisa. "We've caught up to you two in the points. It would be
great if we both got to go on."

Lisa: "The wagon race was a physical one, and before that, the obstacle
course race was. If the next two challenges are less strenuous, more of
a mental test, we could have a shot."

Marsha: "Yeah. Eddie's strong. Mark and Peter too. If the doms have to
compete with us, most of the others have an advantage if brute strength
is called for."

Brandi: "I guess we'll just have to wait and see."

The four swim a bit out further and, in the deeper water, do a bit of
cuddling. Myka supports Marsha by her shoulders while the two dommes
each take a leg and lift her body up to the surface. Then, Lisa's free
hand goes to work on Marsha's breasts while Brandi puts her hand
between her sub's thighs. Slowly, Brandi strokes the insides of
Marsha's slippery smooth thighs, all the while inching closer to the
girl's soft center.

Myka shifts her feet underwater to better support Marsha while Brandi
finds the spot, then gets to work. Brandi grasps Marsha's clitty
between two fingertips and starts to gently stroke it. Marsha moans and
twists her body as the sensations begin to fill her brain. Her legs
jerk as she tries to close them tight on Brandi's hand, but the two
dommes have a firm grip on each one.

Lisa has one of Marsha's nipples between her fingers and she's gently
pinching it and rolling it. Marsha has the sensation of weightlessness,
from the sea water floating her body up, and from her being held in the
grip of the three other girls. She lifts up her hands to touch Myka's
face, Myka bends down, and the girl's lips lock together in a
passionate kiss. 

Brandi slips two fingers into Marsha's vagina and, while still gently
jerking her clit, she strokes her sub's G spot. Marsha cums a powerful
cum that has her writhing and twisting, held tightly in the grip of the
other three girls.

Brandi and Lisa release the exhausted girl and Myka supports her until
she regains her senses.

Lisa: "Your turn, Myka."

Myka smiles and takes a step, but her ankle chain pulls up tight and
she falls over in the water. When her head comes up she spits out sea
water. Myka tries to move her foot, and she kicks at her chain, but
she's caught on something.

Myka: "My chain's stuck on something."

Brandi: "Let me see."

Brandi takes a breath and dips under the water. After a few moments she
comes up for air.

Brandi: "There's some kind of junk under the sand. The chain's wedged
between some steel and rocks. I'll try again."

She takes a deep breath and dives down again. Myka can feel Brandi's
hands on her legs and feet, and the tugging on her ankle chain. She
tries to lift her feet up but the chain is held fast. Brandi comes up
again. Her finger is bleeding.

Brandi: "Be careful where you step, Myka. There's some sharp metal junk
buried in the sand."

Lisa: "Can you get her free?"

Brandi: "I think so."

Both Lisa and Brandi dive under the water this time. Myka can feel the
girl's hands working on her ankle chain. Marsha stands next to her and
she places her hands on Myka's arm. The water level rises as a wave
rolls in and she feels her feet leave the sand as it passes them. Myka
realises that Marsha can't touch the bottom now. The two doms surface.
Myka's chain is still stuck.

Myka: Calmly. "The tide is coming in."

Lisa: She looks to Brandi. "I know. Get some of the others. Hurry, we
have to get her free."

Brandi swims closer to the beach where the others are gathered around
the fire. She calls to them.

Brandi: "Myka's chain is caught out there. We need some help!"

Sam and the Major get up and go to her. Mark and Eddie stand too, to
move into the water.

Major: To Brandi. "What's wrong?"

Brandi: "Myka's ankle chain is tangled in some junk under the sand. We
can't get her free."

Sam, Mark and the Major swim out to Myka and Lisa. They all dive down
and dig with their hands around the place she is standing. After a
while they surface again.

Major: To Myka. "The chain's caught in some steel cables under the
sand." He calls to Eddie and Edgar who are standing close to shore.
"Get the rope off the boat. Hurry."

Another wave rolls in. Myka's body rises with the water until her chain
pulls up tight. The wave breaks at her chin. The Major steadies her in
the water.

Major: To Myka again. "Don't worry, darling. We'll get you loose."

Eddie swims out with the boat rope and hands it to the Major. The
others have been digging out the sand around where Myka's chain is
caught. The Major dives down and then surfaces, holding the two ends of
the rope. He hands one to Sam, the other end to Mark.

Major: "Ok. Pull!"

The Major dives again. Myka can feel her chain being lifted a few
inches, but that's all. The Major comes up again and tells the other
two to stop.

Major: "One side's loose. I'll move the rope and then give a tug. You
two lift. Right?"

He doesn't wait for an answer, but dives again. Mark and Sam feel the
tug and they pull up on the rope for all they're worth. Myka feels the
Major's arm around her waist and she feels herself being lifted with
him as he surfaces. Her chain has come free.

The Major helps Myka back to shore with the others following. Close to
land he sweeps Myka off her feet and carries her across the beach and
near the fire, where he gently puts her down. The others gather around,
with Lisa at her side.

Lisa: "Are you Ok, Myka?"

Myka: "I think so."

Major: "Let's see."

The Major takes Myka's feet in his hands and he slides her cuffs up on
her legs. He feels around her ankles and feet where the cuffs had
pulled on her. Myka watches him as his stubby little fingers trace
around her ankles and her feet. Lisa is watching closely too, as is
Jane. Finally, the Major lets go of the girl's ankles.

Major: "I don't feel anything's broken. You should be fine, Myka."

Myka: "Thank you, Major."

Lisa: "Yeah, thanks, everyone."

Sam: "You subs better be careful in the water now. Don't go out alone
anymore."

It's agreed that in the interests of safety, the subs don't swim in the
ocean alone. The couples sit around the fire for a while and later on,
they begin to drift up the trail to the shelter.

[Night cam, inside the shelter.] Lisa and Brandi are cuddled in their
corner of the shelter with their submissives. Lisa is upset with what
happened earlier, with Myka getting trapped in the water.

Myka: "It's Ok, Lisa. Everything turned out all right. I never did get
to cum, though."

Marsha: "That's right. We owe you one."

Lisa: "Mmmmm. Yes, we do."

Three hands move towards Myka's pussy. She tries hard not to disturb
the others by making too much noise, but there's little doubt as to
what's going on in the ladies corner of the shelter. Peter sees the
Major's eyes open and his look of annoyance.

Major: "Damn queers. Should have let her drown," he murmurs.

[Go commercial.] / [Return.]

[Title: DAY SEVENTEEN.]

The sky is dull, overcast with thick clouds. A gentle drizzle falls.
Mark wakens first, opening his eyes and looking around the shelter. He
sees that the others still sleep, so he sits up quietly. Nadine stirs
beside him.

The night had been warm, morning too, and most of the people around him
are uncovered, unclothed. Mark glances at his pretty wife beside him,
at the swell of her hip, and the teasing valley of her waist. He places
a hand in that valley to softly stroke her silky skin. Nadine's eyes
flutter open and she smiles.

Nadine: "Mmmmm."

Mark: "I gotta go to the can."

Mark rises, steps over bodies to pause in the doorway. The air is warm
and steamy, the gentle rain, warm, and he decides not to bother getting
dressed. Mark steps down into the squishy mud around the shelter.

A waist high fog coming off the jungle foliage makes following the
trail somewhat treacherous, and Mark carefully makes his way to the
latrine. There, he stands and pisses into the ditch.

[Iso shot, Mark's head.] Mark: "This has simply been an amazing trip.
Truly, an experience of a lifetime. In the beginning it was all about
the money, but it's grown into much more than that for me. Nadine too.
I don't know if we'll make it past the split, but if not, we'll both
leave this island with some really great memories."

Mark pauses a moment to look around. Then, he turns and follows the
mist shrouded trail back to the shelter.

Mark sees that his submissive is up and sitting at the camp table,
cutting into a pineapple. Nadine lifts a piece to her lips, the juice
dripping, and she takes a bite. Mark sits down with her and she hands
him a piece. Somewhere, off in the jungle, a bird calls out.

Nadine: "We haven't picked up any points since you placed second in the
bug eating contest."

Mark: "Yeah, I know. We're at the bottom now, right?" Nadine nods.
"It's been a blast, though."

Nadine: "Yeah, it has."

Mark: "We could still make the cut, you know."

Nadine: "We could. But I'm starting to miss home. The garden is
probably full of weeds. And I miss our big soft bed."

Mark: He nods his head. "Yeah, me too."

The Major and Jane leave the shelter to head down the trail to the
beach for their morning workout. They pass right by Mark and Nadine,
but neither of them say anything. They just walk on by. Nadine's eyes
linger on Jane's bum, the cane slashes still vivid across it.

Nadine: "Would you ever whip me like that, master?"

Mark: "Now, Nadine. We've been through that before. You know that I
wouldn't feel right doing something like that to you. I just can't."

Nadine: "You did before. At the cottage that time."

Mark: "That was five years ago. I was drunk. And it isn't something I'm
proud of either."

Nadine: "It was nice, though."

Mark: "It wasn't nice for me, Nadine."

Nadine: "Yeah. I know."

Mark: "Go talk to Jane sometime. See how she likes getting whipped.
Jeeze, why would anyone want to go through something like that?"

Nadine: "I don't know why. I just would."

Mark: He takes Nadine's hand. "Yes. I know."

Peter and Sue step out of the shelter. Peter has Sue's wrap dress
wrapped around his waist. The front doesn't fall quite right, though.
It's tented out for some reason. They follow a trail away from the
shelter, off into the jungle. Colleen and John also go off, in a
different direction. Mark takes Nadine's hand and he leads her away
from the camp, to their own private little patch of jungle.

Sam and Edgar take the net and head for the water to catch the group
some breakfast. The rain finally quits, and morning sunshine drives off
the dampness that had enveloped the island. A fire is made, Colleen
starts the coffee and a pot of rice. Sam comes back with a couple of
nice fish that are then cooked over the fire.

The group gathers around camp for the morning meal. Max and Sierra
have retrieved the mail, a listing of the points total, and also a note
from Kent Brockman. Max reads the note to the group.

Max: "The challenge tomorrow, and the one the day after, will be for
points only. First, second and third, twenty, fifteen and ten. After
the second challenge you are all invited to the production camp for a
pig roast barbecue."

A cheer goes up from everyone in the group.

Max: Reading. "After the feast, those couples that have to leave the
island will be escorted off. Check the mail tomorrow for the day's
challenge announcement. See you then, and good luck. Kent."

Eddie: "Pig roast! Yeah! I'm sick of fish all the time."

Colleen: "Potato salad!"

Trish: "Oh yeah! Anything but rice."

And so the contestants spend mostly a relaxing day in preparation for
the upcoming challenges. A few subs scour the beach at low tide to
bring back armloads of clams, which Colleen and Eddie boil in a big pot
for lunch. 

Dinner is a pot of beans, a few fish that Sam caught earlier on, and
some coconut and pineapple salad. 

On the beach that evening, Nadine finds Jane alone, sitting on a log
after a long, hard swim.

Nadine: "Hi Jane. Mind if I sit with you for a while?"

Jane: "If you like."

Jane moves over on the log and Nadine sits down. The two girls, the
younger Jane and the nearly middle aged Nadine, watch the setting sun
highlight the clouds in reds and golds.

Nadine: "Jane, could I ask you something?"

Jane glances warily at Nadine. With Nadine being the oldest women on
the island, many of the submissives look up to her as something of a
Mother figure.

Jane: "Sure, Nadine."

Nadine: "It's not really any of my business, but I'm just asking
because I'm curious. That's all. I think everyone on the island has
noticed that the Major caned you pretty hard the other day. Does he do
it often?"

Jane glances around before she responds. A few others are down on the
beach, but they are far enough away that she feels she won't be
overheard.

Jane: "Yes. He beats me fairly regularly. Whenever the mood strikes
him. Though not so often while we've been on the island. Why do you
ask?"

Nadine: "A few years ago, Mark and I were at a friend's cottage, alone.
We were having this big argument and Mark had been drinking a lot that
day. Well I guess he'd had enough of me and he put me over the bed and
whipped me hard on the bum with his belt. It was a real eye opener for
me."

Jane: "Mark seems like such a gentle man. It's hard to believe he'd do
something like that."

Nadine: "Yeah, I know. I've asked him to do it again many times, but he
says he just doesn't feel right whipping me."

Jane: "Wait a minute. You've asked him to whip you?"

Nadine: "He'll sometimes spank me a bit, but never anything really
intense."

Jane: "You're saying, that time he beat you, you liked it?"

Nadine: "I was scared at first and it hurt like hell. He had me
handcuffed to the bed so I couldn't get away. And after a bit, when he
just kept on hitting me with his belt, it started to feel pretty good."

Jane: "But you two were just playing, right? He wasn't hitting hard
enough to leave any marks."

Nadine: "My ass was all bruised up for a week! And you know what else?
Right in the middle of it I came like I'd never cum before."

Jane: "Well I don't like getting beaten. I don't like it at all."

Nadine: "But. . . you don't?"

Jane: "No, Nadine. There's nothing pleasurable about it when the Major
whips me. Sometimes I think that he's going to kill me. And then I
think that maybe that wouldn't be so bad. At least the hurting will
stop."

Nadine: "Oh. I'm sorry, Jane. I just thought that you two did it
because you liked it."

Jane: "But how. . . ? Well, I guess there are people that could like
it, but I'm not one of those people. That's for sure."

Nadine: "But you stay with the Major. Why do you let him do it if you
hate it so?"

Jane: "What choice do I have?"

Nadine: "You don't have to stay with someone who's abusing you, Jane."

Jane: "I tried to leave him once. He nearly killed me. I really believe
that he WILL kill me if I ever tried it again." Jane looks up, past
Nadine. "He's coming. I'm not suppose to be talking to anyone."

The Major stops walking a few paces away from where Jane and Nadine
sit. Jane rises and goes to him. They exchange a few words and then
Jane goes off towards the shelter. 

Later on the bonfire is lit, but the group doesn't linger on the beach
too much longer. Everyone turns in early to get a good night's rest.

[Title: DAY EIGHTEEN.]

[Sunrise, on the beach.] The Major and Jane are doing their morning
exercises. Peter and Sue join them, and a bit later on, Sam and Trish
do also.

Sam suggests a run, so he, Peter and the Major jog down the beach to
check the mail while the girls head back to camp to start breakfast.

At the mail tree, Peter reaches into the bamboo tube and pulls out a
slip of paper. He reads it, then smiles.

Sam: "What is it?"

Peter: He reads the challenge:

"Ten subs in the mud,
Get down and dirty.
Doms fill a bucket,
Quick now, hurry!"

Sam: "Something to do with the mud pool, it sounds like."

Peter: "Yup. Sure does."

The Major just smiles.

Back at camp, the challenge is read out to the rest of the group. 

Judith: "Subs getting down and dirty. Well there's a change!"

Peter: "It has to be the mud pool in the jungle behind the mail tree."

Trish: "Us subs get full of mud and bring it to you. The doms fill a
bucket."

Sam: "Sounds about right."

The challenge is set for mid morning, so the group has some time to
relax after breakfast before following the trail to the volcanic mud
pool. There they find Kent and Miss Kate, standing on the high ground
above the pool.

Ten metal pails are lined up along the edge of the slope leading down
to the mud. A weigh scale is hanging from a tree nearby. Bubbles lazily
pop on the surface of the pool.

Kent: "Welcome, everyone. All of the subs haven't bothered with
clothing today, which is good. Clothes aren't allowed in this
challenge.

"As you correctly guessed this morning, the challenge involves the
submissives going down the slope and getting as much mud on them as
possible. Then, they climb up the slope, and the doms scrape off the
mud into their pails. The most amount of mud wins.

"You'll have four minutes, and the subs can make as many trips as they
can. You have to climb up the embankment to the top, where your dom
will be standing with his or her bucket. The doms have to scrape off
the mud, using only their hands, and put it into their bucket. Sounds
simple, right?"

Kent glances at Kate. Kate slips a bundle of plastic cable ties from
a back pocket of her black leather shorts. She fans out the white
strips of plastic in her hand and, smiling, she waves them at the subs.

Kent: "Unfortunately, you subs won't have the use of your hands to help
you today. Could you all step through your wrist chains and place your
hands behind your backs, please?"

With moans and groans the subs comply. Kate goes down the line and
fastens each sub's hands behind them with a cable tie through their
wrist cuffs. The loud zzzzzip of each tie closing seals their fate.

Kent: "Great! Now, everyone pick a spot and stand beside your bucket."

It's about six feet down the fairly gentle slope to the mud pool.
Someone in the crew did some shovel work to even out the challenge
area. Each couple picks a bucket and they stand in a semi circle around
the pool, gazing down at the sticky gray ooze below.

Kent: He has a stopwatch at the ready. "Challengers, ready? GO!"

A few of the subs begin to carefully make their way down the slope. But
most of them fly past the slow ones to dive feet first into the muck.
Gray water splashes up everywhere.

Sue has the right idea, having first hand experience with mud puddles.
She dips below the surface and churns up the thicker muck with her
hands and feet. Gathering up as much as she can in her hands and arms
behind her, she wades, bent over, out of the water and starts up the
slope.

Sue makes the top and stands over Peter's bucket. He scoops up the mud
she's holding and then begins to scrape mud off her body from head to
toe. Others too have made the top, and soon all the doms are busy
gathering the muck off their subs to fling it into their pails.

Jane is the first to start back down. Her feet go out from under her on
the now slippery slope and she lands painfully on her ass. But she
awkwardly gets up, shakes it off, and keeps going.

Most of the subs have now figured out that the good mud is on the
bottom, below the surface, and they dip down to gather it up. Judith
was at first loath to even touch the ooze, but now she's wallowing in
the shallows, getting totally covered with it.

With each trip the subs make, the slope gets slipperier and slipperier.
Without the use of their hands to help, by the third or fourth trip,
some of them can't make it to the top. John wriggles on his belly like
a snake to gain the last few inches to where Colleen is standing.
Rusty's feet fly out from under him as he's leaving the pool, and he
flops down in a spray of mud he was carrying.

Once the subs finally make the top again, they have to stand and endure
the hands of their doms all over them as the mud is gathered off their
bodies. Marsha giggles and squirms as Brandi's fingers, first scrape
mud off her slick breasts, then travel down her belly to the area
below. She spreads her legs a bit, and Brandi's fingers work the mud
from her pussy and between her ass cheeks. Marsha, close to orgasm by
her third trip, stands trembling as her domme gathers the mud clinging
to her legs.

Kent: "Twenty seconds, folks!"

Sierra's big tits and ass work to their advantage as more surface area
to collect mud from. Max's hands fly across her body scraping the mud
off her. He lifts one breast, than the other, holding them up by a
slippery nipple to get the mud from underneath. When she turns, her
foot catches their bucket almost knocking it over. Max quickly grabs it
before any mud spills out. He sends Sierra back down with a swat to her
ass.

Kent: "Fifteen seconds!"

Myka has hold of her muddy hair and she's using it as a sop to hold mud
against her arms. She stands over Lisa's pail and lets go while Lisa
directs the stream of muck into it. Lisa's hands travel down Myka's
hair to wring out the mud and then she scoops clumps out from between
Myka's ass and hands.

Kent: "Ten. Nine. Eight. . . ."

Those subs in the pool scramble out and dive up the slope. A few don't
reach the top before time runs out. Mark works to scrape every last
blob of mud off Nadine's body.

Kent: ". . . Two. One. That's IT!"

Everyone stops to catch their breath. Several subs are spitting out
mud. Kate produces a pair of wire cutters and begins snipping the ties
on the sub's cuffs. There's bottles of water nearby for the doms to
drink, and some let their subs wash some mud from their faces and eyes.

Kent steps over to the weigh scale.

Kent: "All right. One at a time doms, bring me your buckets."

Brandi and Marsha go first. Their pail weighs fourteen pounds six
ounces. Edgar and Judith, sixteen pounds one ounce. A gasp goes up as
Lisa and Myka's pail weighs in at twenty two pounds five ounces.

Eddie and Rusty's pail comes in at twenty one, eight. And Sam and Trish
draw an even twenty one pounds. Of the rest, no one beats twenty one.

Kent: "Ok. In first are Lisa and Myka for twenty points. Second, for
fifteen points, it's the couple of Eddie and Rusty. And third, for ten,
Sam and Trish.

"Thanks, everyone. Check your mail in the morning for the final
challenge before the split. I'll see you all tomorrow afternoon, and
remember, after the challenge is the pig roast. We're bringing in a
chef from the mainland and it promises to be a wonderful feast."

A few subs get washed down a bit more with the water bottles, then,
twenty very muddy people take the trail back to camp and down to the
beach. There, everyone goes in for a swim.

After the wash, the winners of the challenge gather in the shallows.
Myka gets congratulated for pulling down first place.

Lisa: "Look at the Major."

The Major and Jane sit on shore looking glum. Jane has just gotten
chewed out by him.

Lisa: "Myka and I are ahead of him again."

Myka: "By only one point."

Lisa: "Yeah, but it's killing him that two gay girls are beating him."

Trish: "I just hope he doesn't take it out on poor Jane again."

Sam: "Rusty, how did you manage to come in third today? I would have
thought Nadine, or big Sierra would have had a better chance."

Eddie: "He got in an extra trip down and back. He's got strong toes and
was able to dig into the slope without slipping too much."

Rusty: "I fell once near the end. Having our hands trapped behind us
sure didn't make it any easier."

Myka: "Yeah, that was a surprise."

Trish: "Fun though!"

Rusty: "Yeah, it was."

Edgar and Judith return with the boat from a fishing trip and Edgar
holds up a big fish that Judith hooked. The Major gets up and hands him
the knife and the two doms lay the fish out on a board to clean it.

Up at camp, Mark gets the fire blazing and then finds the grill. The
fish is roasted over the open fire while Colleen cooks a pot of rice.
Fruit is cut up and passed around, and the group sits around the camp
for the evening meal.

After another group wash in the ocean to get the last traces of mud off
everyone, the bonfire on the beach is stoked up. Everyone gathers
around. For five of the couples, this will be their last group bonfire.

Later on, after sunset, and the small talk begins to get boring,
Colleen decides to liven things up again.

Colleen: "All right. Time for some more sex stories. Who's up?"

There's a few groans and some rolling of eyes amongst the group.
Sometimes, embarrassing details have been revealed by a few people
during these little sex chats.

Marsha looks towards Brandi. Brandi catches her sub's look and smiles.

Brandi: "I think that Marsha has something to tell."

Marsha: She looks to Brandi. "My sister's visit? Three years ago?"

Brandi: "Four. Go on, tell it, Kitten."

Marsha: "Ok. My sister, Mindy, went to England to study fine arts. She
got a job at a museum in France and they sent her on a trip to Boston
for a few weeks. Well she took some time off after, so we could get
together.

"Brandi was tied up with exams then, so I packed some camping gear and
took the train down to see her. Mindy rented a car and we drove to New
Hampshire. This was mid May and, though it was still cool, we had some
pretty great weather. We went to one of the parks in the White Mountain
area.

"Being so early in the season we had the whole campground to ourselves.
Well I'd packed a few toys, and I knew Mindy had some. She's the one
who introduced me to bondage, back when we were kids.

So we travelled around the area the first few days, drove up the
mountain. It was a glorious day and you could see for miles and miles.
Back at camp that night, we got to talking. Mindy's not gay like me.
She has a boyfriend back in France.

"I talked about Brandi and the things we like to do. "You still like
getting tied up?" she asks me. "Sure, you?" "Yup." Mindy goes into the
tent and brings out her pair of handcuffs. I go in my bag and get mine.
They're both the same, Smith and Wesson. Same keys.

"Now I said that Mindy isn't gay, but that night it was chilly, and we
were sisters after all. We got the two sleeping bags put together so we
could be warmer. In bed, Mindy put one set of cuffs on her wrist and to
mine, the other pair on our ankles. That night I demonstrated some of
the things that Brandi and I like do together. It was nice.

"We spent the night with our hands and feet cuffed together. It was
sweet, sleeping cuddled so close to Mindy. Like when we were kids,
except now we both knew what we were doing.

"So the next day, after breakfast, Mindy says, "Let's go for a walk."
We hadn't seen a soul in the campground since we came and it was great
having the whole forest to ourselves. The day was sunny and warm and we
both dressed accordingly. I noticed that Mindy had both pairs of cuffs
with her when we set out.

"We hiked up this trail until we came to a small lake. The water was
freezing so we just lay around on the rocks in the sunshine. It started
to get warmer, and there wasn't anyone around, so we both stripped
down. There was a fallen tree there on shore, and Mindy gets the idea
to handcuff me to it.

"So I let her pull my arms around a thick branch and lock the cuffs
around my wrists. We fool around a bit and then I see her take the key
and place it on a rock a little ways away. Then Mindy clicks the other
pair of cuffs on one of her wrists. I see that she's going to lock
herself to the tree too. "Mindy!" I shout, "What are you doing?"

"Mindy shows me that she can reach the key with her foot from where she
is. Before I can say anything else she puts her arm around another
branch of the tree and snaps the cuff on her other hand.

"So there we were. Both of us naked with our hands cuffed together
around branches of a fallen tree. I could see that Mindy was getting
quite hot, as was I. We cuddled and kissed and more, with our hands
locked in cuffs, our arms around branches of that tree. Mindy got her
head between my legs and she did to me what I'd done to her the night
before. I held on tight to the branch I was locked to and I came so
hard that I almost blacked out.

"After she'd done me, we shifted around so I could get my hands up to
her pussy. I rubbed her, slow and teasingly at first, but we were both
so hot that it didn't take long at all for her to cum like crazy.

"It was great, but my wrists were starting to hurt, so I asked Mindy to
let me go. She shifted around to stretch out her foot and get the
handcuff key. I saw her push it off the rock with her toe and it fell
down onto the flat rock we'd been laying on. Then Mindy began inching
the key closer to us.

"I guess that she thought she could pick it up with her toes, but the
key was too small for that. So she pushed it with her toe towards her,
sliding it along the rock. There was a crack in the rock and she tried
to flip the key over it but, as I watched, the handcuff key balanced on
the edge of the crack, then slipped down out of sight. I even heard the
little clink as it hit the bottom.

""Mindy!" I yelled, but to no avail. She turned to me with a sheepish
look on her face. She tried to push her toes into the crack but I could
tell that she couldn't feel the key anymore. "Uh oh," was all she said.

"We both looked at one another for a while. Here we were, two naked
girls, handcuffed to a big tree in the middle of nowhere with no one
around. "Now what?" I asked. Mindy began to pull on the tree branch she
was locked to. "Hand me that rock," she said.

"There was a sharp edged rock on the ground below me. I reached around
my branch and picked it up. I handed it across to her. The branch that
Mindy's arms were around was thinner than mine, and it was broken a bit
already. Mindy started chopping at the wood with the stone.

"It seemed to take forever but it was probably only an hour. I couldn't
help her because I couldn't reach the branch she was locked to.
Finally, Mindy had hacked away enough of the branch that she could bend
it. She got the end up off the ground and then she brought her arms
down and around the end of it.

"Mindy went to the crack where the key fell down but she couldn't see
it. She pushed a thin stick down and it went in about two feet. "The
key is gone," she said. "I can't see anything in there." "Great," I
said.

"Mindy still had her hands cuffed together, and I was still stuck with
my arms locked around the tree branch. We agreed that she should go
back to camp and get the other key. I'd have to wait. Mindy had worn a
sun dress that morning and with her hands in cuffs she couldn't put it
on. She gave me my skirt and halter top and helped me get dressed.
Then she started out back to camp, holding the top of her dress on her.

"Once Mindy was gone I started to feel really alone out there. I moved
my hands up and down the branch I was locked to and I let the handcuffs
scrape along the wood. The wood felt hard, solid. I pulled against the
cuffs holding my hands together but there was just no way I'd ever be
able to free myself. I was stuck, and alone. You subs know what that's
like, right?"

There's a few murmurs from the others.

Trish: "How long did you have to wait?"

Marsha: "It didn't seem like long. Maybe a couple hours. First, I
started to get upset and then panicky. Every little sound sounded like
someone coming. Or some wild animal or something. But after a while I
just sat there. And then it started to feel kind of nice being stuck
there. I knew that Mindy would come back to rescue me so I started
fantasizing about stuff. You know? Like I was the captive slave girl,
and the Amazon warrior women would soon return to take me.

"I was right in the middle of a massive cum when I opened my eyes to
see Mindy standing there, staring at me. She had her cuffs off and she
was wearing her dress again. She holds up a handcuff key and she says,
"You look like you're having so much fun, maybe you'd rather not be let
go." And for a while there, I wasn't so sure that I did want to be let
go."

Sue: "When you look back, the hottest times are those that go wrong
somehow. If things work out all right in the end, you think back and
say, "Wow! That was fantastic!"

Nadine: "Yeah, I've had that happen."

Colleen: "Care to tell us about it, Nadine?"

Nadine: "I. . . uh." Nadine looks at Mark. He's grinning and he nods,
so she goes on. "Sure. Why not."

Nadine: "We have friends that have a cottage. When they're not using it
they let us stay there. Me being a teacher, I have most of the summer
off so it works out pretty good. I'll stay up there for a few weeks and
Mark will drive up on weekends.

"We have a canoe that we leave up there. Now, I like bondage too. Maybe
more than Mark does. And sometimes when I'm at the cottage alone, and
there's nobody else around, well. I enjoy my time up there.

"Mark left Monday morning early to drive back to the city for work. So
I got the idea to chain myself up for as long as I could stand it. I
took the keys to my locks and I paddled across the lake to a little
island there. Then I stashed the keys under a rock and rowed back.

"I put a chain around my ankles and locked my feet close together. Then
I did the same with my hands, locking them closely together with a
chain. I had a long skirt that I could put on and a stretchy tube top,
so if someone came by or saw me, I'd be dressed at least.

"So I stayed chained up like that for two whole days. I could take tiny
little steps with the chains on my feet, so moving around wasn't a big
problem. Sort of. No one came around to bother me and I had fun. You
know what I mean.

"Wednesday morning, after a pretty intense night, I felt that I'd had
enough. So after breakfast I hobbled down to the dock and got in the
canoe. It was tough paddling with my hands chained so closely together,
but I managed. I got to the island and found my keys.

"It was such a nice day, and I was a bit sad to actually be ending my
time in bondage, so I thought I'd just take the keys back to the
cottage and then let myself go later on. I was about half ways across
the lake and it was starting to get really hard to paddle with my hands
still chained together. I thought, "Well, I'll just let my hands go.
Then it will be easier to paddle."

"So I got the keys out of the pocket of my skirt and I was trying to
fit the key into the lock at my wrists. This big, stupid fish leaps
right out of the water beside the boat and scares the shit out of me. I
jump, and my keys slip out of my fingers and they go right over the
side of the canoe!

"If I was a better swimmer I could have dived down to try and find
them, but with the chains on my hands and feet it wasn't very likely.
Besides, I knew the water was pretty deep there. So all I could do was
paddle back to the cottage.

"I thought, "Oh well. Mark will be here in a few days and he'll find a
way to get me free." By Friday I was getting nutty being chained up for
so long. The phone rings and it's Mark. "Sorry, honey," he says. He had
to work that weekend and couldn't get away. I was dumbstruck.

"I really didn't want to tell him what I'd done to myself. After he'd
hung up I sat down and thought, "I'm going to be stuck chained up for
another whole week!"

"On the weekend I had to lay low because there were people at the other
cottages around. I'd just sit inside or on the deck and hope that
nobody decided to drop in for a chat. I'd wait until late at night to
hobble down to the water for a swim and a wash.

"By Sunday night, most of the other cottagers had gone back to the
city. I went down to the dock at night and I could see lights on at a
few of the cottages around the lake, so I knew I wouldn't be alone that
week. My ankles were getting pretty sore from all the moving around I'd
been doing, so I just sat on the dock with my feet in the water and I
started to cry. I wondered how I'd ever be able to last another five
days chained up like I was.

"I was running out of food, but I couldn't just drive to town and go
grocery shopping. So I had to make what I had on hand last. Well it
wasn't really all that bad, and I did get to catch up on my reading
that week. And looking back now, it really was kind of a neat
experience.

"On Friday, Mark came. I was sitting on the deck and I watched him
drive up and stop. He walked over to me and gave me a big kiss. "Miss
me?" he asked. I had a towel covering my hands and I reached down and
lifted the hem of my long skirt. He saw the chains on my hands and
feet."

Mark: "It was all I could do not to laugh when she told me what
happened. I knew that she liked to do things like that when she's
alone, and I guess that time she got a bit more than she bargained for.

"Her wrists, and especially her ankles, were pretty badly scraped up
from the chains rubbing against them. But I think she was more
embarrassed than anything else."

Nadine: "I was. After nearly two weeks of being chained up I'd almost
gotten use to it. But I'd got myself good and stuck that time, and I
had no choice but to tell Mark what I'd done and let him help me get
free."

Mark: "I had to drive back to town and get a pair of bolt cutters from
the hardware store. When I got back, Nadine was in bed, waiting for me.
I think it was the best sex we ever had, that night. We did a quick
one, had supper, and then did it again. It was the next morning before
I snipped those chains off her."

Colleen: "Two weeks! Good One Nadine! Besides this contest, where we've
been in bondage for what, nineteen days now? Anyone ever been bound for
longer?"

Trish: "Eleven days for me."

Jane looks like she's going to say something. Several people notice
this, but when the Major sees it, a quick motion with his hand silences
his submissive. Nevertheless, Colleen prompts her.

Colleen: "Jane?"

Just then, two quick, sharp cracks ring out from somewhere deep in the
jungle. The sound rolls around the island and dies out.

Brandi: "What was that?"

Sam: "Sounded like gunshots!"

Peter: "Kent promised us a pig roast. I think somebody got one."

The Major: "It's getting late. We should rest up for the competition
tomorrow."

The Major stands with Jane and they leave the group to head to the
shelter.

Colleen: "Well. What do you make of that?"

Sue: "The Major doesn't want Jane to say too much."

Peter: "Some people place a value on their privacy. I think we should
be respecting that."

Sue: "Maybe. I still think that there's more to it than that with those
two." Sue catches Peter's glare. "Yes, O Master. Keep my concentration
on the game. I know."

Peter: "Right."

The party begins to break up with couples leaving the fire to prepare
for bed. On the way to the latrine, Peter meets the Major on the trail
coming back.

Peter: "Night, Major."

Major: "Good night, Peter."

[Go commercial.] / [Return.]

[Title: DAY NINETEEN.]

[Sunrise, on the beach.] The Major is alone with his sub, doing their
exercises.

Major: "I've had to warn you too many times about talking to these
other people. Just what did you have to say last night that would have
been so important?"

Jane: "I'm sorry, Sir. It was just when Colleen was asking who's been
bound for the longest time, I knew that I had them all beaten."

Major: "So?"

Jane: "I allowed my pride to cloud my judgement. It won't happen again,
Sir."

Major: "You see that it doesn't."

Jane: "Yes, Sir."

Sam and Eddie take a turn at catching some breakfast. They pull the
boat out into the water, climb in, and motor out into deeper water.

Later on, the camera finds the Major alone, sitting on a log.

[Iso shot of the Major.] Major: "So my little submissive was feeling
proud of her being bound for long periods of time. There could be hope
for her after all."

[Voice off camera:] "What was the longest for her?"

Major: He pauses a moment. "Well, she's been chained to a bed for three
months once. But the chain was long, so it wasn't really a limiting
form of bondage. Standing with her hands shackled to a wall, now that's
different. She endured that one for thirty eight days straight." He
smiles. "Yeah, that must have been tough."

Sam and Eddie return with three nice fish for breakfast. Mark joins the
group at camp holding the mail - the day's challenge. He sits at the
table and reads it out loud.

"By land, by sea. 
Subs and Doms. 
It's a relay race!

"Note to all contestants: Pack your bags. I'll be around to collect
them. After the race, and after the feast tonight, five of the couples
will have to leave the island.       Kent."

Colleen: "A relay race."

Myka: "Handing something off. Subs and doms. We'd better get our
running shoes ready."

Sue: "By land and by sea. The doms have to swim?"

Rusty: "Or we do."

Judith: "Sure! With a rock tied around our necks."

Most of the subs get a chuckle out of that. Even though some of them
suspect that it might be true.

The group has a leisurely breakfast, then they mostly laze around camp,
or down on the beach until challenge time. Sue and Trish are there
taking some sun, while their doms get in some swimming in the ocean.

Sue: To Trish. "What should I wear to the banquet tonight?"

Trish: "Decisions, decisions. How about that gauzy see through number
you have. Oh! You're wearing it now!"

Sue: "Yes but I've worn it several times before. What are you going
in?"

Trish: "I thought I'd wear nothing for a change. I hope that no one
else shows up wearing the same thing."

Sue: "That would be simply dreadful! What about shoes?"

Trish: "I thought maybe these?"

Trish holds up one bare foot.

Sue: "Perfect! They compliment your outfit so well!"

Myka sits down with Sue and Trish on the beach. 

Trish: "So, Myka. What are you wearing to the banquet tonight?"

Myka: "Huh?"

A motor boat comes into shore driven by Kent. He gets out, and a few of
the others help him gather up everybody's bag of personal belongings.
Seeing these preparations being made drives home the point to everyone
that, at the end of the day, five of the couples will be leaving the
island.

[Cut to: Peter and Sam, out in the water.] They are standing waist deep
in the calm sea.

Sam: "First place is twenty points today. Is anyone out already?"

Peter: "Mark is on the bottom, but first, or even second could put them
right back in. I'm up by ten over you. You could get bumped if someone
comes up from behind."

Sam: "I'm in forth, right?"

Peter: "Tied with Brandi for the last two spots."

Sam: "Yeah. I wonder what will happen if there is a tie?"

Peter: "I'm sure Kent will come up with something nasty."

Sam: He laughs. "Most likely."

At around mid afternoon the group begins to make their way up the beach
to the challenge site. The site is the sand bar, now covered by water
since the tide is in. A small boat is anchored about a hundred yards
out to sea, and Brent Hastings can be seen sitting out there. He waves
to the group as they gather around Kent.

There's a gentle breeze from the north, from the direction of the
production camp. Noses pick up and stomachs rumble as every so often,
the smells of delicious food cooking wafts along the beach. Kent
notices the hungered looks amongst the group and comments.

Kent: "Yes, folks. Supper is being prepared as we speak. One of the
pigs was shot last night and is now slowly roasting over a hickory
fire. When I left, it looked almost done."

Colleen: "Will there be fresh bread?"

Marsha: "And roasted potatoes?"

Kent: "Baby carrots too. We promised a feast and that's what we'll
have. Tonight will be a free evening for you all. There won't be any
surprises like last time. For tonight, you won't be judged on the way
you act. You're free to act and do whatever you like during the party."
Kent adds, with a grin, "Within reason."

"But first, we have some business to attend to here.

"As you are all aware, this is the last challenge before the split.
After the dinner tonight, five couples will be leaving the island and
heading home. It's rather surprising that the points totals are so
close, after all we've been through this past nineteen days, but it
should make this challenge all the more interesting. It's still
anyone's game to win.

"What we have is a relay race. The pole in the ground near the trees
there," Kent points, "is the start and finish point. Each of the
submissives will place one of these chains around their necks."

Kent holds up a looped dog choke chain that has a tag dangling from it.
The name on the tag is Colleen's.

"You'll line up beside the post with your chains around your necks.
When I give the start, you'll run down the beach to the water's edge
where your dominant will be standing. Each dom will lift the chain off
over your head and place it on over his or her head. Then the doms will
swim out to the boat that Brent is sitting in. Each dom will place
one hand flat on the side of the boat, then start back.

"At the water's edge, each dom will take off the chain and place it
over their sub's neck again. Then the subs will sprint back to the
pole. You'll lift the chain off and drop it over the pole. The first
three chains around the pole win the points.

"The first chain around the pole wins twenty points. The second picks
up fifteen and third place gets ten. Is everybody clear on these
instructions?"

Max: "If there's a tie for the fifth spot today, what will happen?"

Kent: "If there's a tie after the points are totalled up, we'll run
this same race again with those couples who are tied for the last
spot."

Kent hands Colleen the chain with her name on the tag. He reaches into
a cloth bag he's holding and pulls out a few more of the chrome plated
dog chains. Each has a tag, and Kent looks at it, then hands the chain
to the dominant who's name is on the tag.

Kent: "The chains should all be long enough, but could each dominant
try it on first to make sure. Then you can place it on your sub."

The doms try the chains on. Then they each place them around their
sub's necks.

Kent: "Ok. Subs, line up beside the pole. Doms at the shore with your
feet in the water. Everyone space yourselves out a bit. Give yourselves
some room."

Kent walks up the beach near the starting position. It's about a forty
foot sprint for the subs to reach their doms at the water's edge.

Kent looks down the line of subs. He looks at the doms. Everyone is
ready.

Kent: "Challengers, ready? GO!"

Ten submissives take off running down the beach as fast as their ankle
chains will allow. Chains at feet, hands, and around necks, jingle and
flash in the afternoon sunlight. Sue is the first to reach her dom,
Peter. With all of the sub's ankle hobbles the same length, Sue's short
legs don't put her at a disadvantage over the others.

Peter reaches out and yanks the chain off over Sue's head. He drops it
down over his head, then turns and splashes out into the water. He's
followed by Mark and Edgar. Max gets the chain tangled in Sierra's
hair, but he pulls, Sierra lets out a yelp, and he has it in his hands
along with several strands of her hair. Max hooks the chain over his
head and runs into the water.

Ten dominants paddle furiously out to sea, heading for the boat where
Brent sits. Peter is still in the lead, the Major is gaining. Eddie is
trailing the pack.

In the boat, Brent watches closely. Peter's hand slaps the side and he
starts back. Next is the Major, then Sam, Edgar, and Mark. After each
Dominant's hand touches the boat, they turn to swim back to the beach.

The subs are standing in a line at the water's edge and they are
calling out encouragement to their doms. Peter continues to lead and,
as he reaches the shallow water, he stands and kicks up a spray as he
runs to Sue. Sam tries to stand too fast, before he's in the shallow
water. The Major pulls ahead of him, swimming with strong strokes. Then
he stands and runs to Jane.

Sue starts back with Peter's chain around her neck. Edgar is coughing
up water but he makes a brave push to get his chain on Judith's neck.
Jane is three paces behind Sue, and she's followed up the beach by
Judith.

At the pole, Sue lifts the chain off over her head and drops it over
the pole. It thumps down on the sand. She steps aside as Jane tears the
chain off her head and drops it onto the pole. Her chain clinks against
Peter and Sue's. Judith's wrist chain hooks under her chin and she
struggles in her bondage to get her neck chain off. Over the post it
goes and it falls down upon the other two. Kent puts up his hand
calling a halt to the competition.

Kent: "We have our winners!"

Kent has a clipboard with the points standings. He adds up the new
scores. But most of the challengers already know the results. Peter and
Sue run, meeting in the middle of the beach for a passionate hug. Sam
and Trish join them. Lisa and Myka hold hands and they kiss. The Major
stands next to Jane.

Kent: "All right. The following five couples will be continuing on in
the game. Peter and Sue. You are tied for first place with the Major
and Jane.

"Lisa and Myka. You hold the third spot. Sam and Trish, Brandi and
Marsha, you both are tied in points, and take the final two spots.
Congratulations to the winners. 

"To the rest of you, I'm sorry, but you will be leaving the island
after dinner tonight. You will be taken to a nearby resort though, so
you'll get a nice comfortable bed to sleep in for a few days. And
plenty of good food too."

An engine is heard and the big transport boat that brought the couples
to the island rounds a point of land, to circle around the sand bar.

Kent: "And speaking of food, our limousine has arrived."

The boat comes about and then powers into the shore. The front ramp
drops, and everyone moves down the beach to board the craft. The boat
gets going again to take everyone to the production camp and the pig
roast.

Even though for five of the couples this will be their last day on the
island, the mood in the boat is upbeat. With the thoughts of a good
meal, and the aromas of the food cooking getting stronger, everyone is
looking forward to just kicking back and having some fun.

The boat reaches the camp and pulls alongside the dock. When the engine
is killed, the sound of music is heard. The contestants climb out onto
the dock and follow the path into the production camp.

Sam, Eddie and Mark, who've seen the camp before when they swiped the
motor boat, notice that the central tent has been expanded. The sides
are open and there's tables and chairs set up both inside and out. At a
big fire pit to one side, the pig turns slowly on a spit over the
coals.

[Camera pans around the scene.] As the group move into the camp they
begin to notice things. The tables and chairs are mostly made from
crude wood planks. The tent is draped with brush and vines and the
whole area has a somewhat medieval air about it. While all of the subs
are naked, they note that they are not the only ones unclothed. Several
men and women move about the area and they are also nude.

At a big cookstove in the rear of the tent stands a large hairy man
dressed in fur shorts. A few other men bustle about him carrying big
bowls of food. They also are dressed in fur or leather. Kent stands
amongst the contestants, smiling.

Kent: "We wanted to have a theme for this party, and what better one
than a authentic Gorean feast. So, survivers. Enjoy."

Off to one side of the tent, a band strikes up a tune. Wood winds and
string instruments dominate the gentle, sweet sounds that fill the
area. Three nude women approach the group carrying trays of food and
drink. They move amongst the contestants and each of them help
themselves to a mug of drink and something to eat.

The contestants break up into smaller groups and take seats at the
tables scattered around. Two big men leave the kitchen area to move
towards the fire pit and the main course. A naked man is turning the
handle to the spit that the pig is on. One of the cooks places his foot
on the man's shoulder and pushes. The man makes an exaggerated display
of falling over away from the fire. The two cooks lift the spit off the
fire and carry the cooked pig into the kitchen. The slave who they
pretended to kick gets up, dusts himself off, and then joins the others
in the kitchen.

Members of the production crew begin to drift into the area. Some have
dressed, or undressed, in costumes fit for the occasion. Jugs of drink
are placed on the tables by naked serving wenches. The drink is a heady
brew, similar to an old English mead type drink. Slightly sweet, but
with a kick that soon begins to work it's magic on everyone.
Boisterous shouts and laughter begin to compete with the music from the
band.

Plates filled with food are distributed amongst the tables and everyone
gets down to some serious eating. Sam takes a big piece of roast pig
from a tray piled high. He brings it to his mouth and takes a big bite.
Sam then holds the piece of meat to Trish, she tears off a piece, and
she puts it into her mouth. Trish grins widely, juice glistening on her
chin.

As the festivities slip into high gear, the entertainment is brought
out. A hush descends when a stunningly beautiful woman, nude, is led
out from a trailer by four well muscled men. The woman has four ropes
tied to wrists and ankles. The end of each rope is held by one of the
men. They take up a position in a clear area in front of the tables.

The woman stands in the center with the men sitting on the ground
around her, the ropes each held loosely in one hand. A lone flute
strikes a note. The dance begins.

The dance is the rope dance as portrayed in Norman's book that the
group read earlier. As the tempo of the music picks up, the girl
preforms the dance with a grace and a sensuality that captures
everyone's immediate attention. The girl writhes and twists, the ropes
tangle about her body and her limbs, to pull up taught. Then, with a
few smooth movements she's free once more with the ropes stretched
loosely out to the hands of the men holding her.

From time to time, one of the men will pull up the slack on the rope
connected to the girl's wrist or ankle. Her hand will stray to a
breast, or between her legs, and she will be allowed the briefest
caress of those sensitive spots before the rope pulls up tight and
draws her hand away. The girl will glare at the man holding her rope.
She'll pull back, and twist and shake herself, but will not be
permitted to touch herself. Then, she is given the slack she desires
and the dance continues. The men around her laugh and cheer her on.

When the dance is finished, the group earns a hearty cheer from
everyone.

The festivities continue long into the night. At some point, Brent
Hastings sets up a small table off to one side. Miss Kate brings him a
battery powered drill and a strip of metal. Then, one by one, Those
submissives that will be leaving the island are asked to go over and
sit at Brent's table.

Miss Kate slides the steel strip under one of Judith's wrist cuffs.
Brent carefully drills out the rivets that hold the cuff closed. When
the two on one side have been removed, the leather cuff separates from
the metal plate the chain is attached to. Kate holds the strip of steel
that prevented the drill from going into Judith's skin and she opens
the cuff. The operation is preformed three more times, and Judith is
freed from her bondage. Her cuffs and chains are handed to Edgar as a
memento of their island experience.

After the last of the departing subs has had their cuffs taken off,
they stand and stare at one another. For the first time in twenty days
they can spread their hands and feet far apart. All five of them still
wear reminders of their time in bondage, though. While their skin has
darkened from the sun, four bands of lighter skin mark where the cuffs
had been.

It's well past midnight when twenty very drunk people, with bellies
stuffed with food, gather on the production camp dock to say their
final goodbyes. There's hugs and kisses all around, and more than a few
tears are shed from both those who are sad to be leaving, and those
that are sad to see close friends have to go.

Then, the ones that are to stay on the island take up their bags and
backpacks, then board the rusty troop carrier for the ride back to
camp. The five couples that have to leave the island climb aboard a
sleek, thirty eight foot yacht, for the ride to a resort on one of the
larger islands.

[Show the two boats pulling away, going off in different directions.]

[Roll credits.] [Split screen with credits, show points totals.]

Peter and Sue                140
The Major and Jane           140
Lisa and Myka                126
Sam and Trish                110
Brandi and Marsha            110

Eddie and Rusty              104
Edgar and Judith             103
Colleen and John              97
Max and Sierra                94
Mark and Nadine               93

[END Episode 6.]

"Next time on Surviver:"

"It's a whole new game as five of our couples continue on in the
competitions. The points start at zero again and in just twenty more
days, island time, one of the couples will be leaving this island with
our grand prize of One Million Dollars."

 - End of file -






 Episode  7.       SURVIVER          (C) dino 2001

[Start.]

[Voiceover and show scenes of island.] "We're down to five Dominant -
Submissive couples now, stranded on this tiny South Seas island and
left here to survive. Every three days, the couples will have to
compete against each other in two challenge competitions, for rewards,
and for points.

Just twenty more days to go. Then the couple with the most points will
be leaving this island with our grand prize, of One Million Dollars.

"Last time on Surviver:" [Run clips as the host, Kent, speaks.]

"Emotions ran high as our ten couples rushed towards day nineteen when
five of them would be forced to leave the island." [Show scenes of the
couples gathering mud off their subs.] "The first challenge took place
at the mud pool, where Lisa and Myka edged ahead of the Major and Jane
to capture first place in the points standings.

"To lighten the mood around the campfire that evening, Colleen
encouraged Marsha and Nadine to tell the group their tales of self
bondage sessions gone wrong." [Clip of Marsha.] Marsha: "She turned to
me with a sheepish look on her face. I could tell that she couldn't
feel the key anymore."

"The final challenge for this half of the game was a relay race. A run
for the subs and a long swim for the doms." [Show scenes of the race.]

"After the race and the points were totaled up, we had our five
finalists. They are Peter and Sue, the Major and Jane, Lisa and Myka,
Sam and Trish, and the final couple to survive past the split, Brandi
and Marsha. In twenty days, one of these five couples will be leaving
the island with our Million Dollar prize."


[Run Opening Title Sequence.]  [Episode Intro Sequence: 65 seconds.]

[End episode intro.]


[Title: DAY TWENTY.]

[View from a hand held camera.] From the beach, the view follows the
path through the jungle and up to the shelter. 

It's mid morning but the surviver's camp seems strangely deserted. The
five remaining couples are sleeping in late after a night of
festivities at the production camp party.

The camera pans around the area outside the shelter. We see ashes in
the firepit, a cook pot left out. The camp table with a half empty
water jug on it. Some clothing hangs on a line strung between two
trees. The scene shifts, as we switch to a camera mounted inside the
shelter.

The couples are sprawled out on the mats and sleeping soundly. Sounds
of snoring come from the Major and from Peter. The sleeping pads
formerly used by Eddie and by Colleen, mats won in the secret challenge
early on in the game, have now been taken over by Lisa and Brandi and
their subs. Now, with five of the couples gone, the shelter seems much
less crowded.

It's close to noon before there's any sign of life in the camp. The
Major is seen standing in the doorway, looking out through half closed
eyes. He carefully makes his way down the two steps and he ambles off
towards the latrine.

[Camera on the Major as he urinates.] He looks up into the lens.

Major: "Christ. It's been a while since I got as shit-faced as I did
last night. Great party, though."

Sam stumbles along the path towards the toilet. He parks his ass on the
seat beside the Major and groans loudly.

Major: "How's your head, Sam?"

Sam: "Ooooh. What was in that grog they served last night? It went down
like liquid ambrosia but I'm paying for it now."

The Major chuckles to himself as he heads back to camp. At the shelter,
he meets his sub, Jane.

Major: To Jane. "We'll skip the morning workout today. Get a fire going
and make me some coffee."

A parting gift from Kent last night was a box of matches, so Jane gets
one and then goes to the fire pit. She soon has a fire going and she
puts a pot of water on to heat. Meanwhile, others are slowly rousing
themselves to make some sort of a start to the day.

Peter, Sam, and their subs, sit at the camp table to wait for the
coffee to be ready. Trish is looking around.

Trish: "Seems awfully quiet around here. Where is everybody?"

Sam: "Yeah. Living so closely with nineteen other people, then suddenly
having half of them gone is a big change."

Peter: "No more Max to argue with. No Judith to complain any more."

From inside the shelter is heard giggling and laughter. Brandi and Lisa
are having some fun with their subs. Peter and Sam look to one another
and Sam rolls his eyes.

Peter: "Don't forget. Each of us now have a one in five chance of
walking off here with a million bucks."

Trish: "I know that we could sure use the money. What would you do if
you won?"

Peter: "I'd quit building houses for other people, that's for sure.
We've had our eye on a nice little patch of land for a while now. A
mansion on the hill top? Sure would be nice. How about you two?"

Sam: "We've both been out of work since the plant closed down. We had
to give up the apartment and we've been living at the cabin. I had
some work in town, but the commute is a bitch. It must be nice not to
have to drag your ass to a lousy job day after day."

Jane has the coffee made and she brings the pot to the table. Sue and
Trish go to the food storage shelf for the containers of milk powder
and sugar. Coconut shell coffee cups are rounded up and handed around.
The Major joins the other two couples at the table, and the six
challengers pause to allow the strong coffee to chase the fog from
their brains.

Peter: "We were just talking about what we'd do if we won the money,
Major. Do you have any plans?"

Major: "Counting chickens before they hatch?" The Major slowly sips his
coffee. "I haven't really thought about it. Living here on this island
though, it's given me a taste for the sea again."

The smell of fresh coffee brings the girls out from their love nest and
the four of them head off to the toilet. When they return, they get
coffees and sit with the others.

Marsha: "Seems awfully quiet around here."

Lisa: "We all fit around the table now."

Brandi: "Anybody hungry?"

After gorging themselves at the party last night, no one feels like
eating anything just yet. Brandi and Marsha offer to go check the mail,
so they finish their coffee and go. Sue and Trish take a walk down to
the beach, while Peter, Sam, and the Major look over the shelter.

Sam: "We have plenty of space now. Maybe we could throw up some walls
to give each of us some privacy."

Major: "That's not a bad idea. I'm tired of watching them girls jumping
each other all night."

Outside, Lisa and Myka are sitting with Jane. Lisa hears the Major's
comment and her eyes flash with anger.

Lisa: Quietly. "That man is such a pig."

Myka: "Let it go, Lisa. We have another twenty days to put up with
him."

The three doms leave the shelter to scout the jungle for building
materials. When they've gone, Lisa turns to Jane.

Lisa: "How can you stand it, being around him. How could you even let
him touch you?"

Jane: "The Major takes care of me and he guides me. He's not a bad
master."

Lisa: "Oh come on, Jane. You're a pretty girl. You could get a hundred
men better than him."

Jane: She looks at Lisa, and then Myka. "You think that I am pretty?"

Myka: "Well sure you are. You should let your hair grow though." Myka
grins. "You look kind of butch with it so short."

Jane: "The Major makes me keep it short."

Myka: "Well, to each his own I guess."

[Cut to:] Down the beach. Brandi and Marsha have reached the mail tree.
Brandi reaches into the bamboo tube and finds a note from Kent,
congratulating those that made it past the split.

Brandi: Reading. "See you all tomorrow for the first challenge of this
second half.   Kent."

Marsha: "I wonder if the challenges will be getting harder now."

Brandi: "Probably."

Neither girl has a pocket, so Brandi leaves the note on the sand with a
rock on top so it doesn't blow away. The two girls move into the water
to sit in the shallows and soak up some sun. Since early on in the
game, both Brandi and Marsha have shed their inhibitions about being
naked. Following the lead of Lisa and Myka, they've found being free of
clothing much more practical in the tropical heat of the day.

The two lay back on the sand and let the gentle waves break over their
legs to lap at their pussies. Brandi's toes of her left foot touch the
leather cuff on Marsha's ankle. She moves her foot slightly and feels
around the edge of the cuff and her submissives soft skin underneath.

Brandi brings her hand up to Marsha's over her head and hooks a finger
under Marsha's wrist cuff. She pulls Marsha's hands down and brings
one to her face. Brandi tenderly kisses the palm of her sub's hand.

Marsha: "You love it here on this island, don't you."

Brandi: "Beats winter in Ohio." Brandi looks at Marsha. "If we won the
million, we could buy an island like this and live there forever."

Marsha rolls over on her side to face her mistress. Her free hand
explores Brandi's chest to the limit of her wrist chain. Brandi is
gently biting the edge of Marsha's hand.

Marsha: "That would be nice. We could lay on the beach all day and have
servants bring us stuff."

Brandi takes Marsha's fingers out of her mouth.

Brandi: "I could lay on the beach and have You bring Me stuff."

Marsha: She fakes a pout. "Hey! I'm working hard for the money too."

Brandi gives her sub's hand a shake, making her chain jingle.

Brandi: "You forget who's in chains here."

Marsha: She grins shyly. "No, mistress. That is something I could never
forget."

Brandi moves Marsha's hands down, then puts her arms around the girl to
draw her body close in a big hug. Brandi's hand slides down the back of
her sub to cup one fleshy globe of her ass. Marsha wiggles her bum at
the touch while her hands, trapped between them, reach towards her
mistress's sex. Marsha brings one fingertip up, into Brandi's slit and,
parting the folds, she finds that tiny pleasure bump.

With a soft moan, Brandi's lips lock to those of her sub and the two
girls exchange a long, passionate kiss.

[Cut to:] Somewhere in the jungle. The three doms have run across a
grove of small palm trees. They are gathering up leafy fronds to make
partitions for the shelter.

Sam uses the machete to hack down a few long bamboo poles and the Major
and Peter pile the palm tree fronds on them. The poles are lifted and
it's all carried back to camp.

The girls get busy weaving the leaves into mats to be used for walls
inside the shelter. Sam and Peter take the bamboo poles and set up
frames inside, to hold the mats. Brandi and Marsha return, the Major
and Jane take the boat out to catch some lunch. In the heat of the
afternoon, they all break for something to eat.

Myka has made the rice with coconut milk and there's chunks of
pineapple mixed in with it. A big fish was hooked by Jane and cooked by
Brandi over the fire. Along with the food, there's a pot of tea to wash
it all down. After lunch, Trish makes some lemonade to take down to the
beach. The group swims or sits around in the shade for most of the
afternoon.

Towards evening, while the rest of the group finishes off the changes
to the shelter, Sam and Trish take the boat out to catch some supper.

[Camera in another boat, following them.] Sam powers the little boat
out past the reef and away from the island, heading South. As they
round the far tip of their island they see, off in the distance,
another, larger island. Sam cuts the motor.

Sam: To Trish. "Let's take a look at it."

Trish: "It's early still. Why not."

Sam starts the boat again and they head out across the open sea to the
other island. Half way there and Sam slows to peer over the side. He
finds that the water is deep enough not to be able to see the bottom.
Probably a good fishing spot.

As they get closer to the island they see high cliffs along one side.
Sam steers towards the Western end where the land drops to a small,
rocky beach. He slows, and Trish hangs over the front to watch for
rocks.

Sam finally lifts the motor to then paddle the last few yards to shore.
They both notice many feathers floating on the water, and on the
island, what look to be birds of some kind. After the two have landed
it's easy to tell what kind of birds inhabit the island.

Trish: "Chickens!"

Sam: "There must be hundreds here."

Brown ones and white ones and speckled ones, sit on rocks and dart
between the trees. Trish carefully makes her way across the rocks to the
edge of the forest and looks, to see nests with eggs nestled in amongst
the undergrowth. There are chickens everywhere, and chicken shit too.
They have to watch where they step.

Trish: "We've landed on Chicken Island!"

[Go commercial.] / [Return.]

Sam and Trish stand on the rocky shore of Chicken Island. A group of
inquisitive birds have gathered around them. One gets between Trish's
feet and begins pecking at one of her leather ankle cuffs.

Trish: "Hey!"

Trish shifts her foot and the chicken runs off to stand a few feet away
and glare at her. 

Sam bends down to touch one of the birds near him. It permits the
briefest touch before it takes off running and clucking, flapping it's
wings in a futile attempt at flight. 

Sam takes a step and the birds near him scatter. He chases one down and
his hand comes down on the chicken's back, trapping the bird against
the ground. The chicken squawks loudly. Sam lifts the bird with both
hands around it's body. It's head comes around and it jabs it's pointy
beak into his finger. Sam grabs the head in one hand while holding an
arm around the bird. The panicked chicken lets go with a spray of shit
that dribbles down his leg.

Sam: "Fuck!"

Trish can't stop laughing.

Sam: "Chicken for dinner?"

Trish still has the giggles. Sam begins to twist the chicken's head
around in a circle. Three quarters of the way around he feels a
tightness, then, there's a muffled crack. The bird ceases it's
struggles.

Trish, no longer laughing, watches her husband release the chicken's
head. It flops to one side, the neck, broken.

Trish: "Yuck."

Sam: "That sucked."

Trish: "Two more?"

Sam: "Right."

Sam takes the dead bird to the boat and washes the chicken shit off his
legs. He gets the fishing net. It's a simple thing to toss the net over
one of the chickens around them, and Sam holds a big one down against
the rocks while wringing it's neck. Trish helps out by herding another
into the net Sam holds and, in just a few minutes, the group's dinner
is caught.

Sam and Trish go into the jungle and gather up two dozen eggs from the
many nests around. The eggs go into a pail from the boat and Trish pads
them with some leaves before they start back.

Sam lets Trish get into the boat before he pushes it out into deeper
water. He then climbs in and sits down in back.

Trish: "Sam, the mighty chicken hunter."

Sam: "What the hell are all these chickens doing out here?"

Trish: "You think they belong to someone?"

Sam: "They must. Maybe someone lives on the other side of the island."

Trish: "We'll have to thank them for the lovely supper."

Sam laughs and fires up the motor. The little boat roars out to sea.

[Cut to: Surviver beach.] The group is sitting out on the beach,
waiting for Sam and Trish to return with the boat. Heads turn as the
sound of the motor is heard. Peter and Brandi get up to help Sam bring
the boat in.

Lisa: She calls out. "Catch anything?"

Sam reaches down, then holds up the three chickens by their necks. Two
in one hand and one in the other.

Sue: "What. . . ?"

Myka: "Chickens!"

Everyone gets up to gather around the boat.

Major: "Where'd you find these?"

Sam: "Head South, to an island with low cliffs along the shore. There's
hundreds of them all over the island."

Myka volunteers to prepare the chickens while Peter gets a fire going.
The grill is found, and a bottle of barbecue sauce left over from the
pig roast is brought down to the beach. The chicken makes a welcome
change from fish.

It's late by the time the meal is done and everybody's finished eating.
The couples sit around the fire a while longer, then turn in for the
night. The girls now have a room at the back of the shelter and the
other three couples each have smaller, partitioned off areas for
themselves. Everyone gets a good night's rest.

[Title: DAY TWENTY ONE.]

Myka and Marsha have risen early and Marsha has a pot of coffee made.
The two girls sit at the table sipping coconut shell cups of the strong
brew. Myka has the pail of eggs on the table and she is examining them,
holding each one up to a ray of sunlight that slants through the trees.

Trish returns from the toilet and fixes herself a coffee, then sits
with the other two subs. She watches as Myka sorts the eggs into two
piles.

Trish: "What are you doing, Myka."

Myka: "Some of these eggs are no good."

Trish: "They've gone bad already?"

Myka: "Look."

Myka holds one egg up to the sunlight. She and Trish peer at it. A
small dark line can be seen through the translucent shell, running
through the inside. Myka takes the egg and cracks it open into the
frying pan. The girls all look at the few tiny red lines that have
formed in amongst the white.

Myka: "Some of these have been fertilized. Look at this one." She holds
another egg up to the light. "This one has a baby chicken in it."

Marsha: "Is it still alive?"

Myka: "No. It might have hatched in another week. There's eight here
that I don't recommend we eat. We'll let the pigs have them."

Marsha: Grinning. "The doms?"

The other two look at her and then start laughing. They try to do it
quietly.

Myka: "The wild pigs. There's still two or three on this island. All of
last night's chicken bones we left out are gone."

The Major and Jane step out from the shelter. Jane heads off to the
toilet while the Major comes over to the table where the girls are
sitting. Marsha gets a guilty look on her face and the Major glances at
her. When nothing is said to her she feels relief that her dom
reference had not been overheard. The Major looks at the eggs, the
coffee pot, and then at Myka.

Major: "How's our supplies holding up?"

Myka: "Pretty good, Major. There's rice and beans, cooking oil, sugar
and coffee. Tea, powdered milk, and a few spices. We should be Ok for
the next several days."

Trish: "How do you like your eggs, Major?"

Major: "Over easy. I'd like you all to keep track of the food supply.
Now that we've found the chickens, I don't think that Kent will be
coming through with food as often."

Sam: He's joined the group at the table. "What's your take on chicken
island, Major? Why is there an island full of them so close to here?"

Major: "I'm wondering why we never looked before. We have the boat, and
plenty of gas. I wonder what other surprises are laying around out
there."

Peter and Sue join in the conversation. Peter and the Major decide to
take a run around the island in the boat after breakfast. Some of the
girls get busy cooking eggs, while Peter and Sue go check the mail.

They return with the mail just as everyone is gathering around the
table to eat. Brandi and Marsha have used some flour to make pancakes
and the men get two eggs, boiled or fried, while the ladies get one
each. Fruit, and the pancakes round out the meal. Peter reads the
challenge to the group.

"Quick on the buzzer,
Right answer will win.
Get it wrong,
Sub goes for a spin."

Lisa: "A quiz show?"

Sam: "Questions and answers. Something nasty happens to you subs if the
answer's wrong."

There's silence for a few moments. Usually, Judith has something to say
about threats of something unpleasant happening to the subs. But Judith
is no longer here. Marsha sighs, expressing the feelings that a few in
the group have over the departure of the other contestants.

[Iso shot, Marsha and Trish.]  Marsha: "It's so wierd not having the
others around now. Judith, and Nadine. Sierra."

Trish: "Nadine was someone you could talk to. I miss having her
around. And Rusty would always have something to say to cheer everyone
up."

After breakfast, Peter and the Major take a walk down to the boat. The
two doms get it into the water and then they both move to sit in the
back, to drive. The two men look at one another for a moment. Then,
Peter yields the rear seat to the Major and he sits up front. The Major
gives the cord a yank and the motor starts. The boat heads out.

Back at camp, Myka and Marsha offer to go for water. Jane decides to
tag along, and Sue goes too. Sam and Trish, Lisa and Brandi, they all
head for the beach to work on their tans.

[Camera following the girls through the jungle.]

As usual, it's tough going for the four subs as they hike through the
jungle. They follow the rough trail towards the well. Jane's ankle
chain hooks on a root and it brings her to an abrupt stop. The other
three girls go back to help her get free.

Marsha holds Jane's arm while Myka bends down to free her chain. Sue
looks on. Myka gets the chain untangled from the roots and she looks up
at Jane. Myka's eyes focus on Jane's inner thighs. There's a few red,
round marks there. Myka touches one and Jane trembles.

Myka: "What happened here, Jane? Did some insect bite you?"

Jane: She looks down at her thighs. "Yes, I guess so. Last night."

Sue: "Let's see."

Most submissives keep themselves trimmed down there, but Jane has a
full patch of hair over her pussy and even a few light hairs partway
down her thighs. Sue examines the "bug bites" on the girl's inner
thighs.

Sue: "Those are burns, Myka." To Jane, "Did the Major do this?"

Jane: "Uh, No. Of course not."

Sue: "Don't lie, Jane. He burned you with, what, a smoldering stick I
guess, since no one here smokes."

Jane: "I. . . he. The Major takes care of me and he guides. . ."

Sue: "Oh, save it, Jane. I've heard that line before. Look. You don't
want to talk, fine. Let's go."

Sue takes up her water jugs and heads off. Myka follows and hurries to
catch up to Sue.

Myka: To Sue. "Sue, what's going on?"

Sue: "Oh, nothing at all, Myka. The Major beats and tortures his sub.
That's all. Nothing for us to bother with, right?"

Sue goes off ahead while Myka waits for the other two to catch up. The
four subs meet up at the well. Sue has the bucket down but with her
short wrist chain it's next to impossible for her to haul up the full
bucket. Marsha moves in to help her. Sue lifts on the rope, Marsha
grabs it further down, and together they draw up a pail of water.

Sue avoids looking at Jane as the other two subs fill the water jugs.
Finally, Jane speaks up.

Jane: To Sue. "Sue. Could I see you alone for a moment? Please."

Sue: She glances at Jane. "All right."

The two move off aways away from Myka and Marsha and the cameraman.
Unbeknownst to the two girls, they end up standing near a remote camera
hidden amongst the foliage. Jane turns to Sue.

Jane: "Sue, I know you don't like the Major or the way he treats me.
I've been with him for the last two years and believe me, I know what
he'll do to me if he finds out I've even been talking to you. Do you
understand why I can't say anything?"

Sue: "Jane, if he's being abusive with you and you are not happy with
him, you don't have to remain so. Get out. Leave the Major before
something serious happens to you."

Jane: "Where would I go? He knows people, Sue, people he can call. He'd
find me and then. . . ." Jane lowers her voice. "I really believe that
he'd kill me, Sue, and it wouldn't be quick, either."

Sue: "Jane you don't have to live like that if you don't want to."

Sue looks away for a moment. She stares off into the jungle. Then, she
turns back to Jane.

Sue: "Peter has asked me not to get involved in this. He feels that
it's none of anyone's business what two people choose to do. If you
don't want our help, that's fine. But if you're tired of being his
punching bag, Peter and I can help you get away from him. If you're
being abused by him, I know that Peter will help you. All right?"

Jane: She places her hand on Sue's arm. "All right, Sue. I'll think
about it."

The two go back to the others standing around the well.

Myka: "All better now?"

Sue: "For now, I guess. Let's go."

[Cut to: camera on the beach.] 

Sam lays on the sand with Trish by his side. Brandi is on his other
side with Lisa beside her. From time to time, one or more will roll
over, or move around, to let the sun shine down all over their bodies.
All four are nude.

Trish has noticed several times, Sam's eyes lingering just a bit too
long on the other girls. She'll give him a poke in the ribs, or a smack
on the arm, on his bum, to bring his focus back to her. But then Lisa,
or Brandi, will say something to him and he'll glance, then look, then
end up staring openly again at the other two girls.

Trish tries hard not to let her husband's roving eyes upset her. She is
secure in knowing that Sam loves her. Both she and Sam are so good for
one another in so many ways. And besides, Sam is master, and she, the
submissive. In that context, she really has no right to be critical of
his actions. Yet deep down, there's still that little part of her that
finds his looking at the other girls hurtful.

Brandi has noticed the times that Trish has poked her dom to gain his
attention. She understands that Trish might feel some jealousy from
Sam's looking at her and Lisa. The fact that neither of them have any
interest in Sam has no bearing on the situation. Straight people, men
in particular, tend to think that lesbians can be set back on track if
only the right man came along.

Brandi gets an idea. She stands up and turns to Lisa.

Brandi: "Feel like a swim, Lisa?"

Brandi nudges Lisa's foot with her toe, indicating that it was not a
rhetorical question. Lisa takes the hint and the two step out into the
surf. Away from Sam and Trish, Brandi lets Lisa in on her plan.

Brandi: "Follow my lead, but keep it low key."

Lisa: "Ok."

Back on the beach the girls pick up their wrap dress towels and shake
out the sand. They stand before Sam to dry themselves, and each other,
off. Then Brandi and Lisa spread their towels out, Brandi alongside
Trish, and Lisa beside Sam. The four settle down for a while.

Brandi inches her hand towards Trish's leg. Her knuckles graze her
thigh. Trish feels the contact but lets it slide. After a few minutes,
Brandi's fingertips, ever so softly, begin to stroke along Trish's leg.

Brandi turns on her side to face Trish. Her hand shifts to the top of
Trish's thigh. Trish turns her head and looks at Brandi. The girl's
eyes lock.

Brandi: "Lovely day, isn't it."

Trish: "Your hand is on my thigh."

Brandi: "Yeah. Ever wonder what it's like?"

Trish: "What?"

Brandi: "Being with another woman."

Trish: "Ah, no."

Trish looks to Sam who is looking at her. He arches his eyebrow at her.

Sam: "Suzy at the plant? You told me that she had the hots for you."

Trish: "I. . . ."

Trish turns back towards Brandi. Brandi moves her head down a bit to
put her mouth inches away from Trish's nipple. She looks up at her.

Lisa sits up beside Sam who's grinning and watching the action with his
wife. Lisa runs her fingernails lightly down Sam's back. He glances
back at her.

Lisa: "Brandi won't mind if we watch, will you, Brandi."

Brandi: "Not at all."

Trish looks back at her husband. She sees that there's no help to be
had there. Sam's brain has shut down from lack of blood. It's all
gathering someplace else. She looks at Brandi again. 

Trish gives a glance towards the camera. The operator has positioned
the camera a little ways away from the group and he zooms in on her
face. Her look is one of confusion, but underneath that is a trace of
devilment. Trish makes up her mind. She brings her hand to her breast
slowly, then lifts it slightly towards Brandi.

Brandi smiles and puts out her tongue. She gently flicks it across
Trish's nipple. That first contact travels through the four people like
an electrical charge. Lisa sees Sam's cock twitch at the same time as
she feels a little tingle in her clit. She slips her arm around his
waist and rests her other hand on his thigh.

Brandi moves forward a little and takes the proffered nipple between
her lips. Trish watches as the bud disappears into the girl's mouth.
It feels very different than when Sam does this to her. It's much more
slow, more gentle too. Brandi's mouth feels slippery soft, and yet, the
feelings in Trish begin to build nonetheless.

Trish closes her eyes and lets her head fall back to her beach towel.
Brandi moves with her, all the while keeping contact with that
delicious little bump. Her hand glides up Trish's thigh. Trish's legs
part on their own accord. Brandi's fingers stray downwards and into the
moistness between.

Lisa is watching Sam's cock dance against his belly. Men's bodies have
never held her interest before. But here, on the deserted beach of this
island, and watching Brandi and Trish, Lisa's curiosity is peaked. She
moves her hand a bit closer to that big hairy thing. The heat coming
off it is like an oven. Lisa waits, Sam's cock dips, and it touches the
backs of her fingers.

Sam looks down to see Lisa's hand with his cock laying across it. He
looks at her and Lisa grins a shy grin. Sam's eyes are drawn back to
his wife, as Brandi's fingers find Trish's pleasure center. Gently, so
softly, Trish feels herself being opened down there and a slender
finger begins to explore inside.

Lisa gets bold and she strokes Sam's cock with the backs of her
fingers. The thing comes to life, twitching and jumping. Never in her
life has Lisa been this close to one. A cock. A man's center. She
brings her hand over it and lets the head run across her palm. It's
soft, so smooth. Like silk. There's a thin trail of wet across her
hand. Lisa looks, then brings her hand up to her face. She secretly
puts her tongue out to touch the tip to that glistening trail.

Brandi's thumb is on her clit and Trish lets out a moan. Her mouth
leaves the nipple and Trish takes a breath at the loss of sensations.
But Brandi is on the move with her mouth tracking down her chest, then
down, down Trish's tummy. She pauses a bit as her tongue dips into her
belly button. Trish's hips come up and she inches herself down,
pressing herself on Brandi's hand in between.

Sam lets out a gasp too, as Lisa's hand closes around his shaft. Trish
looks to him and then down, seeing her treasure held in the hand of
another woman. But just then, Brandi curls her finger up, inside, and
flicks across Trish's G-spot. Sensations fill her brain and her eyes
close once more.

Sam's cock is rock hard, twitching with a life of it's own. Lisa begins
a slow up and down motion with her hand. Sam's head drops back, his
eyes close, and both he and his wife give in to those primitive
feelings flowing within.

Trish is close now. Her back arches upwards and Brandi slips an arm
under her body. Her head moves back up to Trish's breast and her lips
find a hard little nipple to nibble. Brandi slips a second finger
inside, all the while stroking, with the pad of her thumb, the area
around that tiny little nubbin, Trish's clit.

Trish: "Oh, oh, oh God. I'm. . . uunnngggg!"

Trish's hand finds Sam's and she squeezes it hard as she cums. Brandi
feels hot wetness on her fingers. She looks downward to see a gush of
clear girl cum spray over her hand. Sam, watching his wife being fucked
by Brandi and having his cock stroked by Lisa, lets loose with a cum of
his own. Spurts of sticky white goo leap from the tip and dribble all
over Lisa's fingers and hand.

Sam and Trish lay comatose on their towels. Brandi removes her hand
from between Trish's thighs and she brings her fingers to her lips. She
gives them a sniff, then a lick. Brandi grins widely at Lisa.

Lisa has pearls of cum all over her hand. She touches it with a finger
of her other hand. Sam's cum feels cool to the touch as the moisture 
evaporates. It's slippery too. Lisa slowly moves her hand closer to her
lips.

Brandi: "Go on, Lisa. It won't kill you."

Lisa licks up a drop of Sam's cum. She rolls it around on her tongue.

Lisa: "Tastes funny."

Brandi: "There you go."

A bit later on the four go in for a wash. They're just settling back
down on the beach when the four subs return from water detail. They
bring a jug of cool water fresh from the well, some fruit found along
the way, and Marsha sits with Brandi, Myka with Lisa.

Marsha: "So, what have you guys been doing?"

Brandi: She's grinning. "Oh, nothing much. Just relaxing on the beach."

[Cut to: Camera in boat, following Peter and the Major's boat.]

They've gone around to the South side of Chicken Island. There's a
small dock there and a house of some sort can be seen up on a hill,
inland, through the trees. And there's chickens sitting around
everywhere, more so on this side where their food likely comes from.
The Major has cut the motor so he can talk, and the boat drifts past
the dock.

Major: "The people that live here, they probably supply chickens to
everyone in the area. Nice little operation, right?"

Peter: "Could be, I guess. There must be some tourist resorts around
here. They could supply them with fresh chicken and eggs."

Major: "You got it. A man could do all right with a setup like this."

The Major starts the motor and they cruise slowly the length of the
island. At the end he powers out to sea again. They cut a wide arc
North, to follow along the other side of their island. The Major slows
and steers into a few bays along the way but they see no signs of
habitation, or much of anything else except for thick jungle along the
water's edge.

Looking West, away from their island, other islands can be seen on the
horizon. On a couple of the larger ones the doms recognise the glimmer
of high rise resort towers. Boats far off in the distance can be seen
too. However there's nothing close by that they can go to in the tiny
open boat.

At the north tip of the island is the production camp. The Major slows
a bit to scope out the activity there but he gives the area a wide
berth. They've all suffered the consequences of trespassing there
before, when Eddie stole the boat.

Down the Eastern shore of the island, past some of the previous
challenge sites, and Peter and the Major return to the surviver camp
beach. All the others are there, sitting or lying out in the late
morning sun. As the two doms park the boat, Jane and Sue join them with
fruit and water.

Lunch is more fruit and a jug of tart tasting lemonade. The contestants
relax for a while before going to the day's challenge competition.

The challenge is located at the wide area of beach just south of the
mail tree. Five groups of two chairs are arranged in the shade of the
jungle in a semicircle around a long table, where Kent and Miss Kate
are seated. They have large umbrellas over them so they're also shaded
from the sun. On the table before Miss Kate is a console with an
impressive number of switches and lights and dials.

As the challengers enter the area they notice the chairs. Each place
has two chairs. One, a regular office type chair and one, a hard wooden
chair. And mounted in the center of each wooden chair's seat is a big
thick dildo.

A small stand sits before each wooden chair. There's a red button on
top and a light. A Jeep is parked off to the side with three truck
batteries in back. Cables lead from the batteries to Kate's console,
then to each couple's station with the chair dildo and the red button.

Kent: "Welcome to the Surviver Quiz Show. Now you all know the idea
here. I ask a question and if a submissive thinks she knows the answer,
she'll push the button. The questions all have something to do with
sex. You can consult with your dom and, after you've buzzed in, you
have five seconds to answer. I see you've noticed the dildos on the
chairs.

"We had a different arrangement set for John and Rusty, but they
haven't made it into the final five. So all the sub's chairs are the
same. If you give a wrong answer, the dildo will start vibrating. It
will buzz away for thirty seconds, or until you answer another question
correctly. If during that time you answer another question incorrectly,
the vibrations will get stronger. There's four levels of intensity, and
each time the power goes up it won't stop for a full thirty seconds, or
until you give a right answer.

"Challengers, please take your seats and we'll begin."

Each couple picks a spot and the doms sit on the padded chairs while
the subs try and manoeuvre themselves over the wooden ones. A dollop of
lubricant is on each dildo to ease the way. The girls bring a hand down
to open up, then, slowly, each of them settles down on the fat rubber
dildos. One by one, the subs get their bums settled on the chair seats
with their pussies full of rubber cock. They shift around a bit, then
look up, grinning.

Kent: "Ok. For the first round, a correct answer gets the couple two
points. A wrong answer and your dildo starts buzzing. The subs have to
push the button and they have to say the answer. Your dom is there only
to help you with the answer. Doms can't touch the buttons or their
subs.

"Everyone ready?"

Kent lifts the first page of questions and he asks the first one. Trish
slaps her button, her light lights up and a ding is heard. She answers
the question correctly. Two points for Sam and Trish.

Next question, Sue rings in first. Peter winces as she gives a wrong
answer. He knew the answer but she didn't wait for him to tell her.
There's a loud buzz, and a second later, a surprised look comes over
Sue as her dildo starts vibrating.

As the contestants get into the swing of the game, Kent picks up the
tempo.

Kent: "Number of calories in a teaspoon of semen?" 

Myka: "Seven."   

Kent: "Correct. 

"True or false. The largest natural penis recorded is eleven inches."

Marsha: She rings in. "Bigger, I think. False."

Kent: "No, true."

Marsha's dildo comes to life. A look of relief comes over Sue as her
dildo finally stops buzzing inside her. Peter is grinning. The
questions continue.

Kent: "The longest documented orgasm for a woman is one minute. True or
false?"

Trish: She rings in. "True."

Kent: "Correct. 

"Seventy five percent of men cum within two minutes of penetration.
True or false."

Marsha: "False."

Kent: "No, true. 

"The most common fantasy is what?"

Sue: "Oral sex."

Kent: "Right.

After a few more questions, Marsha's dildo is buzzing at level three
and she is close to cumming. Another question and her hand goes out to
slap her button but she misses it entirely. Jane's light goes on and
she glances at the Major and whispers her answer. The Major nods. Jane
gives the answer. Correct.

Marsha is very close to the edge of an orgasm when her dildo suddenly
stops buzzing and leaves her hanging.

Marsha: She groans. "Nooo!"

Kent: "Marsha, you'll have to buzz in before you give your answer."

Marsha's eyes open and she glances around, embarrassed. Kent and Kate
are grinning.

Kent: "True or false. The distance a sperm travels to fertilize an egg
is the human equivalent of running a twenty six mile marathon. Myka."

Myka thought she knew, but now she's not sure. She looks to Lisa. Lisa
thinks it's more.

Myka: "Uh, false."   

Kent: "No, true."

Miss Kate bumps Myka's dildo up a notch to level two. Myka squirms on
her seat as the vibrations inside her intensify.

Kent: He stands. "All right. We'll take a short break before we begin
round two."

He and Miss Kate go to a cooler and get out bottles of water. They're
passed around to the doms and the subs. Myka, her dildo still buzzing
inside her, takes a bottle of water from Miss Kate. Myka's hand is
shaking a bit. Her dildo finally stops vibrating and she lets out a
slow breath.

They all pause a moment to catch their breath and quench their thirst.
Then, Kate and Kent take their places at the table for round two.

"Kent: "We have the team of Sam in the lead with eight. The Major is
second with six. Peter has four, Lisa, and Brandi, both have two. The
next set of questions are worth four points each.

"Sperm whales are sexually mature at what age? Birth, two years, four
years, or ten years old?"

Trish: "Ten years?"

Kent: "No, at birth.

"The laws written by Adolph Hitler condemned homosexual acts. True or
false, Lesbians were exempt from that law."

Myka rings in and looks to Lisa. They had both heard this one before
someplace. Lisa nods, yes.

Myka: "True."

Kent: "That is correct."

At the mid point of round two, Trish's dildo has been grinding away on
level four for over a minute. She has visibly cum once, and she's
building up for another.

Kent: "In Texas, it's illegal to have sex with a fish."

Trish's hand hits her button, likely by accident. Her hands are
gripping the sides of the stand so tightly her knuckles are white.

Sam is telling her the answer, that it's true. He's yelling the answer
to her but it's not registering.

Trish: "It. . . uh, ough, ough, oh God, uuuunnnggg!!"

Kent: "Incorrect. There Is a law against sex with fish on the books."

Kate pops another thirty seconds on Trish's dildo timer.

Kent: "The average total amount of a man's lifetime ejaculate?"

Sue is close, her dildo churning away at level three. It suddenly stops
buzzing. Sue rocks forward, desperate to regain the sensations that
will finish her off. Her forehead comes down on her button. "Bing!"

Kent: "Sue?"

Sue: "Uh. . . ."

Sue looks to Peter. He shrugs his shoulders. Sue looks back at Kent.

Kent: "Time's up. Fourteen gallons."

Kate hits a switch and Sue's dildo starts gently vibrating. Just enough
to be annoying now, not strong enough to bring on the orgasm that was
so close, only moments before. Tears begin to form in Sue's eyes.

Kent: "You can tell a turtle's sex by the sound it makes. True or
false."

Major: To Jane. "Hit it."

Jane hits her button and looks to her dom. The Major tells her the
answer, false, thinking that turtles don't make any sound.

Jane: "False."

Kent: "Wrong. Males grunt, females hiss."

Jane's dildo springs to life inside her. She and the Major have had
very few incorrect answers so far. He's only told her to buzz in
whenever he was sure of the correct answer, and he's let the other
challengers take the heat over wrong guesses. Getting this one wrong
has visibly annoyed the Major since he was sure he knew it.

Marsha gets the next one right and her dildo mercifully shuts off. She
slumps down in her chair. On the next question, the Major orders his
sub to push the button. He tells her the answer. Jane pauses for just a
moment this time.

Jane knows this one but her dom has it wrong. Still, she gives the
answer she was told to say.

Kent: "Incorrect."

Jane's dildo jumps to stage two. The Major looks surprised.

Kent: "John Norman has written how many Gore books?"

Major: "Jane." Bing! "Twenty three."

Jane: "Twenty three, Sir."

Kent: "Incorrect. Twenty five."

Jane's dildo goes to level three. Jane has never had anything like this
inside her pussy and the vibrations are beginning to get to her. In a
nice way. Jane shifts her bottom around a bit and lets the dildo work
on places that haven't been worked on for years.

Kent: "Name another mammal, besides humans, that has sex for pleasure."

Jane hits her button. Bing! She knows this one from biology class.
Dolphins. She doesn't look at the Major, who's in shock from her taking
action on her own. Jane's dildo is driving her someplace that she
really wants to go to.

Jane: "Sea lions."

Kent: "Wrong. Dolphins, or Bonobo monkeys."

Jane's dildo shifts into high gear and she lets out a small moan. Jane
rides the wave.

Two more questions go by and then the Major orders his sub to answer
one. Jane has been making little noises on and off and her hand comes
down mechanically on her button. "Bing!"

Kent: "Jane."

From far away Jane hears her dom saying something to her. Dreamily she
turns to look. The Major yells the answer at her. She turns to look at
the blur before her and her mouth opens.

Kent: "Time's up. The answer is. . . ."

Jane starts with a low moan that gets higher and louder. Kent stops and
looks. Kate's finger hovers over the button that will restart the
vibrator timer. Jane teeters on the brink of a massive cum.

It's one of those magical moments that sometimes happen in an
electrical control system. A slight design flaw, or a component not
quite up to specification, leading to unpredictable results. In this
case, it was a sticky stepping relay. 

Kate is starting to press the button to reset the thirty second timer
when it times out, cutting the power to Jane's dildo vibrator. The
stepper relay coil also loses power. But before the cam can drop back
to the first position, the button that Kate is pressing makes contact.
The timer resets and re-powers the circuit. The stepper relay gets
pulled in again but the lever has remained on the high cam.

The result is that Jane feels the vibrations in her dildo stop for a
fraction of a second, then start up again at full tilt. That brief
pulse rockets up her spine, powered by the vibrator lighting up again.
Jane goes into a full out, massively explosive orgasm.

Everyone on the beach is frozen in time as Jane, for the first time in
quite a while, experiences what life is all about. Jane feels like her
skull is about to cave in as every fibre of her being is gripped tight
in the force of her cum. She takes a breath and then screams loud and
long.

Kent holds his hand up to Kate in case she has any ideas of cutting the
power to the board, and he lets Jane ride it out.

Jane cums and cums for a full half minute until her dildo timer times
out again. The vibrations in her pussy stop, her scream is cut off in
mid scream, and her whole body goes limp in the chair.

Sue and Myka, begin to applaud. The others quickly join in. The Major
sits red faced, whether from embarrassment or rage is uncertain.

Sue: "Way to go, Jane!"

Brandi: "You go, girl!"

Jane is slumped in her chair, oblivious to all around her. Kent stands.

Kent: "Oh-kaay. I think we'll have a break before we start the final
round. Take twenty, everyone."

[Five way split screen, show contestants and the points totals.] Peter
and Sue: 12.  Lisa and Myka: 14.  Brandi and Marsha: 10.  Sam and
Trish: 12.  The Major and Jane: 10.

The subs ease themselves off their dildos to stand up. Marsha and Myka
help Jane up off her dildo. They walk the stunned girl down the beach
and into the water. The five submissives splash around in the ocean to
cool off, while the doms gather around the Major.

Sam: "Major. You never told us that your sub was so hot."

Peter: "Yeah. She must be a handful in bed, eh?"

Major: "Yeah. A real handful."

Kent and Kate are washing down the sub's chairs with a pail of sea
water. Fresh lubricant is applied to each dildo. Bottled water is
passed around and everyone relaxes for a while until the break is up.
Then, Kate and Kent sit down at their table while the contestants take
their places again. Kent and the doms look on as the subs settle in.

Kent: "All right. The questions for this final round are for six
points. This time though, if you give a wrong answer your vibrator will
start at full power. It will buzz away until you answer a question
correctly, or thirty seconds have passed. Ready?

"Porn star John Holms was bisexual, heterosexual or homosexual."

Marsha rings in first and gives the right answer.

Marsha: "Bisexual."

Kent: "Correct."

Brandi: "Yess!"

After six more questions, the vibrating dildos in Myka, Sue and Marsha
are grinding away madly. Myka has cum, as has Marsha. Trish gets one
wrong and her dildo starts up. Sue tries to answer one but she can't
get the words out before a cum overtakes her.

Kent: "Sorry, Sue. Elvis never liked his women totally nude.
Underpants, was the correct answer."

Jane gets a question right and then she misses the next one. Now all
the dildos are buzzing away inside each of the subs. None of them are
able to answer the next two questions Kent asks.

Kent waits until all of the vibrating dildoes have stopped vibrating.
He lifts a page of questions from the bottom of the pile. These are
ones that the answers seem obvious, but aren't.

Kent: "True or false. Genghis Khan was killed in battle."

Trish takes the bait first.

Trish: "True."

Kent: "No. Died in bed having sex."

Trish's dildo starts buzzing away madly inside her. Myka tries the next
one and she gets it wrong. Next is Jane, then Sue, and last, Marsha.
Each of them get their questions wrong.

Although she's getting weak from cumming so much today, Trish tips over
the brink once more.

Trish: "Oh. Oh. Ohhhh. Uunnggg, unnggg!"

Myka: "Aaaaa, ieeee. Uh! Uh! Uh!"

One by one the subs cum. And one by one the dildos shut off leaving
them sitting in their chairs, eyes closed, coming down from the rush.
The doms are grinning and chuckling softly. Even the Major is smiling
slightly now, though most likely because he is in the lead.

Kent: "Ok. That's a wrap, folks. In first place we have the Major and
Jane with thirty four points. Lisa and Myka take second with thirty
two. Sam and Trish, thirty points. Peter and Sue have twenty four, and
Brandi and Marsha have twenty two.

"You've all done very well today. For a reward, dinner will be
delivered to your camp in a few hours. It's chicken with fried potatoes
and fresh cole slaw.

"The chicken has come from Moehi Island, or Chicken Island, as Trish
named it. Jim Brown owns and runs the chicken ranch there. And as you
guessed, Major, it's become quite a lucrative operation. Brown's
Chicken is well known around these parts. Jim has agreed to let you
folks visit his island whenever you need chickens or eggs.

"Great job today, contestants. You can head back to camp, and I'll see
you tomorrow."

Most of the subs are a bit shaky on their feet as they make their way
back to camp. Since they don't have to scrounge for supper, the
challengers spend some time in the water or on the beach, relaxing.

The Major sits with his sub Jane, a little ways from the others. He'd
wanted to talk to her before, after the challenge, but someone was
always hanging around him or Jane. Fortunately for Jane, his temper has
mellowed slightly during this time.

Major: To Jane. "That was a rather disgusting exhibition you put on
earlier. It's fortunate for you that we've managed to hold first
place."

Jane: "I'm sorry, Sir. It won't happen again."

Major: "See that it doesn't!"

The Major doesn't look at Jane, but gets up to go off someplace. Jane
watches him go. She keeps her smiles to herself.

Towards evening, Kent drives up in his Jeep and parks on Surviver
beach. The couples gather around, and Kent hands each of them a covered
container with their chicken dinners inside. Kent drives off and the
group sits on the beach to eat.

The group sits around the bonfire for a while. Most of the subs hit the
sack early though, worn out from an exhausting day.

[Go commercial. / Return.]

[Title: DAY TWENTY TWO.]

[Dawn, on the beach.] The Major, Peter, Sam and their subs are all
doing a workout this morning. Up at the camp, The other four girls are
also exercising. With things starting to heat up, each couple needs to
perform at their best now.

The three men take a run down the beach while their subs head for the
shelter to get some food ready. At the mail tree, the Major reaches
into the bamboo tube and he finds a scrap of paper with the next
challenge. He reads it to Sam and Peter.

Major: Reading. "A race for the subs. Twenty yards across hot sand."

Sam: "Twenty yards? That's not very far."

Peter: "How hot is the sand?"

Sam: "A walk across burning coals? That wouldn't be good."

Major: "Let's get something to eat."

Back at camp, over breakfast, the others study the challenge
announcement for clues.

Sue: "All our ankle chains are the same length, so no one has an
advantage in a foot race."

Myka: "It's set for just after noon when the sun's the strongest."

Marsha: "Maybe it'll get cloudy."

Sue: "Don't bet on it."

The couples take it easy the rest of the morning before gathering on
the beach for the trip to the challenge site. It's located on an area
of beach near the sand bar.

Kent is there, along with Miss Kate, and there's two lines drawn across
the sand, twenty yards apart. Since the island sand is nearly white and
doesn't get all that hot, a load of light brown coloured sand has been
spread across the area between the two lines. As the camera pans the
race course, heat waves can be seen rising from the darker sand of the
race area.

Kent: "Welcome, challengers. This is a race for the subs only. Doms,
you can sit in the shade over there." Kent points to the jungle edge.
"There's a cooler of sandwiches and beer there, help yourselves."

The doms move off, eager to get out of the hot sun. The subs stand
before Kent and Kate looking glum.

Kent: "Now, subs. Could you all step through your wrist chains please?"

The five submissives bend down to comply. They straighten up again with
their wrist chains behind their backs.

Kent: "Ladies, line up along the starting line."

The subs move towards the first line. Kate follows them. They line up
facing the patch of darker sand. Both Trish and Myka put a toe over the
line to feel the sand. It's hot from the sun. The doms, sitting on logs
beside the race course, munching on sandwiches and drinking cold beers,
look on.

Kent: "Ok. Now, could you all go down on your bellies, your head on the
starting line, and facing forward."

The subs look to one another. They're liking this challenge less and
less. When they're all in position, Kate hands a few plastic cable ties
to Kent.

Starting at each end, Kate and Kent tie each sub in a loose hog tie. A
cable tie is slipped under one wrist cuff and then the other. Zzzzip!
The sub's hands are drawn close together. Each sub's feet are hauled up
by the ankle chain and another cable tie fastens the center link of it
to the middle of their wrist chain.

When Kent and Kate are done, five submissives lay face down with their
hands locked behind their backs and their feet sticking up in the air.

Kent: "Perfect!" His bare foot comes down on some of the tan coloured
sand. He jumps back. "Owch! That's hot!

"Ok. Here's the deal. You subs have to crawl, or slither, or whatever
works, to reach the finish line. Try to keep moving in a reasonably
straight line till you reach the end. First place gets twenty points
for you and your dominant. Second is fifteen and third wins ten.

"Survivers, ready?"

Sue: "But. . . ."

Kent: "Yes, Sue?"

Sue: She pulls at her bonds, then gives up. "Never mind."

Kent: "All right. Survivers, ready? GO!"

The subs start inching forward. As they begin to get onto the darker
sand they have further incentive to hurry up.

Trish struggles and pulls, and manages to get to her knees. With her
body off the hot sand it's slightly more bearable. She starts walking
on her knees towards the finish line.

Jane is digging in with her chin and pulling herself along. Myka tries
to get to her knees but she keeps falling over on her side. She tries
again but overbalances and goes down on her chest. The hot sand stings
her, she opens her mouth to scream, and gets a mouth full of sand.

Marsha tries rolling but her feet sticking up makes it impossible to
roll completely over. She wriggles from side to side and gains a few
feet.

Sue has gotten herself on her back with her feet underneath her. She
pushes with her feet to the limit of the chains, but her shoulders dig
into the sand. The hot sand piles up around her neck and she yells in
pain. She scrambles to get herself turned around. Then, with her knees
pointing to the finish line, she's able to use her hands and feet to
push and pull herself along.

Peter jumps up, spilling some of his beer, and cheers for his sub,
Sue. The other doms are yelling encouragement to their subs too.

Trish is almost home when she topples over. She curses and tries to get
up again but she's exhausted. And her knees are really sore from
scraping over the hot sand. Trish sees Sue gaining on her and she rolls
over onto her back to dig into the sand with her feet. By pushing with
her feet and wriggling her shoulders, Trish manages to get herself over
the finish line.

Kent and Kate are there to clip the plastic ties, and Kate clips the
two on Trish. Her hands slide apart and she straightens her legs. Kate
helps Trish to stand. Trish immediately runs towards the cool sea.

Sue gains the finish line and she's released and helped up. She joins
Trish in the ocean. Marsha comes in third. She and the others are
released and they run into the cool water as well. Kent and Kate join
the doms for a beer.

Kent: "Congratulations Sam. Trish made it in first. Peter, Sue came in
second, and Marsha takes third place. Ten points for you, Brandi."

The subs straggle back to shore and join their doms in the shade. They
all have big areas of red and scraped skin on them. Kent lifts the lid
to the cooler.

Kent: "Sorry, girls. It looks like the doms finished all the beer. But
thanks for coming out, and we'll see you all in a couple of days."

Kent and Kate gather up the cooler and the empty beer bottles. They
load it all into the Jeep and then drive off. The couples head down the
beach and back to camp. Of the subs, even the one's that won the race
don't look too happy.

[Roll credits.] [Split screen with credits, show points totals.]

Second half points:

Sam and Trish             50
Peter and Sue             39
The Major and Jane        34
Brandi and Marsha         32
Lisa and Myka             32


[END Episode 7.]


"Next Time On Surviver:" "Brandi's submissive, Marsha, finds a friend
to talk to." [Clip of the jungle, a tiny pig nose pushes out from under
a bush.] "And the subs have suffer through yet another tough
challenge." [Marsha stands up with a hand on her back. There's tears
in her eyes.]

 - End of file. -






 Episode  8.      SURVIVER          (C) dino 2001

[Start.]

[Voiceover and show scenes of island.] "We're down to five Dominant -
Submissive couples now. Stranded on this tiny South Seas island, left
here to survive. Every three days, the couples will have to compete
against each other in two challenge competitions, for rewards, and for
points.

"Just six more episodes, seventeen days for our challengers, and one of
these five couples will be leaving the island with our grand prize of
One Million Dollars."

"Last time on Surviver:" [Run clips as the host, Kent, speaks.]

"With only five couples left on the island there's now room enough for
everyone. The men get busy and subdivide the shelter to give each
couple a room to themselves." [Show doms working inside while the subs
make palm leaf mats for walls.]

Sam and Trish discover Moehi Island and Jim Brown's chicken ranch, thus
assuring another steady supply of food for the group." [Clip of Sam and
Trish chasing down chickens.]

"Our first challenge was a quiz show game with questions on the topic
of sex." [Show Marsha getting a question wrong, her surprised look as
her dildo vibrator fires up.] "Our second challenge was a race across
hot sand by the hogtied subs." [Clip of race.]

"Sam and Trish lead in the points now, but it's still anyone's game to
win. Stay with us, as our couples move closer to one of them winning
the Million Dollar grand prize."


[Run Opening Title Sequence.]  [Episode Intro Sequence: 65 seconds.]

[End episode intro.]


[Evening of day twenty two, after the hog tie race.] The dominants sit
around the beach firepit and snack on fruit and coconut meat. All of
the subs have gathered out in the water. They're nursing their burned
and scraped skin from having to crawl, hog tied, across hot sand in the
last challenge.

Trish: "The question and answer game was fun in the beginning. Getting
a question wrong and having that dildo go off wasn't too bad at all."

Myka: "At first. But after I'd cum five times it wasn't so nice
anymore."

Trish: "I know. It was almost painful having that thing start buzzing
away again in the last round."

Marsha: "And what about that race? Look how red my tits are!"

Sue: "Did you see the Major sitting there in the shade sucking up
beers?"

Trish: "Peter seemed to be enjoying himself too. And Sam."

Myka: "Lisa didn't seem too concerned about me frying my ass on that
hot sand."

Marsha: "Why do we always have to suffer the worst in this game?"

Jane: "Why? Because you're submissives, that's why. We're suppose to
submit to anything our dominant wishes. Crawl across burning hot sand?
Start crawling. Get beaten for no reason? Get that ass in the air,
girl."

Marsha: "This game started out as fun. But now it just sucks."

The subs gather again on the beach later on to spread some skin cream
over each other's sore areas. By now most of the dominants have noticed
that their subs aren't all that happy with having to bear the brunt of
the more nastier challenges.

Sam approaches Trish to see if she wants to go off into the woods with
him but he gets rebuffed. Trish shrugs his hand off her shoulder saying
she's still too sore. Peter makes a try too, but he can see that Sue is
really not in the mood right now. The two doms don't press though. They
understand that all of the subs are just upset over the last, rather
tough challenge.

The subs turn in early with Lisa and Brandi joining them a bit later
on. The men sit around the fire for a while longer, then they too call
it a night.

[Title: DAY TWENTY THREE.]

It started raining shortly after midnight and it's continued off and on
throughout most of the morning. Between showers, heavy at times, one or
two of the contestants will run out to the latrine, or to get some
fruit or something to drink from the stores.

Sam and Trish sit outside on the shelter steps during a pause in the
drizzle. Trish didn't get a whole lot of sleep last night. She's still
sore, front and back, from the race.

Trish: To Sam. "We all knew that it would be a tough game. A million
bucks is a lot of cash. But shit, look how scraped up my knees are! I'd
rather have icecubes shoved up my ass than have to do a race like that
again."

Sam: "You would? I'll have to find some ice."

Trish goes to wack him on the arm but Sam's ready for it. He grabs hold
of the chain on her wrist cuff. Holding her hands down, Sam gives her
nose a gentle kiss. Trish relaxes and snuggles closer to Sam.

Sam: "Look. We're leading now since you won the race. When Kent hands
us the cheque for a million bucks, I'll buy you a case of skin cream."

Trish: "Swell."

The cloud cover begins to break up and soon after, sunlight breaks
through to shine down into the camp. Sunbeams stab through the trees,
burning off the jungle mist and sparkling off the wet leaves around
them. Sam and Trish look around. The scene is peaceful, serene. Almost
dreamlike.

Sam: "There now. Feel better?"

Trish: "This is a wondrous adventure. You never know what's going to
happen next."

Sam: "Let's make some coffee."

Sam gets some wood together and makes the fire. Trish fills the pot.
Others join them around the wet table and wait for the morning coffee
to be ready.

Brandi makes rice cakes, and fruit is gathered from the jungle for the
morning meal. After that, everyone heads down to the beach for a swim.

The sea is calm, the sky a brilliant blue, and the trials and
tribulations of yesterday are soon forgotten. Lisa and Brandi sit on
the shore with Trish, their feet in the water.

Brandi: "Hi Trish. You Ok?"

Trish: "Yeah, I'm feeling better now."

Lisa: "We wanted to talk to you about the other day, with you and Sam
on the beach, but there hasn't been a chance."

Trish: "Oh, that."

Brandi: "You're not upset, are you?"

Trish grins a shy grin. Having Brandi touching her the way she did had
confused her at first. She could close her eyes and believe it was Sam
doing those wonderful things to her body. Though, Brandi's touch was
much more gentle and, dare she think it, more skillful too. It takes a
woman to really know what a woman likes.

Also, there was the ever present camera watching their every move. Back
home, Trish would never dream of having someone watch her and Sam
making love. Never mind, her and another woman. Though here on this
island, and in the middle of this crazy game, it had just seemed so
much like an everyday occurrence.

Trish: "No, Brandi. I'm not upset. I'd rather not do it again, but I'll
say this, though. It was kind of neat."

Brandi: "You don't have to worry about turning Lesbo on Sam. It's not
something you can catch."

Trish: "I know. I couldn't do some of the things I've seen you and
Marsha do. Besides. I like my man. I like having him around."

Trish turns to Lisa as she says that. Lisa looks at Trish.

Trish: "It's Ok, Lisa. Seeing your hand on Sam's cock was a bit of a
shock for me, but I know it was only a one time thing. Sam and I
haven't actually talked about it yet but I know that he's Ok with what
happened."

Lisa: "Thanks, Trish. You can be sure that I'm not looking to steal
your man from you."

Lisa is grinning, Brandi and Trish laugh. The Major and Jane walk by
and the Major gives the three girls a glance, then walks on. He and
Jane go to the boat.

Jane helps her dom push the boat into the water. Peter sees them and
goes to help.

Peter: "Going somewhere?"

Major: He eyes Peter. "Going to get some chickens for lunch."

Peter offers to go along with them. He's hoping to drag a line and
maybe hook a few fish. But really, though, he simply doesn't want the
Major to go off alone with Jane. Sue has told him what Jane said when
the subs were off getting water the other day, and Peter wants to see
for himself what sort of relationship the Major has with his sub.

The Major starts up the motor and the little boat roars out to sea.
There's not much wave action so the ride is pretty smooth. Peter
watches for the area that Sam mentioned where the reef drops off into
deep water. Near the South end of their island he sees the sea take on
a deeper shade of blue and he points it out to the Major. He slows so
they can take a look.

Major: "We'll drop a line on the way back."

The Major slows again when they reach the island of Moehi. Chicken
Island, as Trish had named it. They cruise along the high cliffs of the
North shore and see the chickens, perched in cracks and crevasses of
the rock face. They find the rocky beach where the land drops off and
they land the boat.

Peter gets out first to pull the boat onto the shore. He puts out a
hand to help Jane out of the boat. It's normally improper for a dom to
touch another dom's submissive, even for something as simple as this,
and Peter watches for a reaction from the Major. Peter holds Jane's arm
and he places a hand at her back to steady her as she climbs out of the
boat, but the Major pays them no notice at all. He just takes the
bucket and a machete from the boat and stands up.

The three move onto the island beach, mindful not to step in the
chicken shit that's nice and slippery from the night's rain. Chickens
gather around them.

Major: To Jane. "You know how to tell good eggs from bad ones?"

Jane: "Err, good eggs, Sir?"

Major: "Come. I'll show you."

The Major and Jane go to one of the many nests in the bush near shore.
There's a hen sitting on the nest and it watches the two approach. The
Major nudges the bird with the flat side of the machete. It takes the
hint after a harder whack and moves off the nest. The Major picks up
two eggs and holds them to the light so Jane can see.

Peter watches him. Sue gets his eggs at the supermarket and their
chicken comes in plastic wrapped packages. He knows nothing about good
eggs and fertilized ones. The Major shows Jane the darker patches
inside the eggs he's holding. He notices Peter watching and he shows
him too. The Major carefully places the two eggs back into the nest and
moves to another.

The Major raises his arms and roars at the hen sitting there. The
chicken runs off squawking. He takes the three eggs and holds them up
in the sunlight.

Major: "See, these two? These are Ok."

He hands the pail to Jane.

Major: "Put some leaves in the bottom and gather up two dozen good
ones."

Jane goes to a nest and tries to shoo away the chicken sitting there.
It doesn't move for her.

Major: "Find a branch to scare off the hen."

The Major watches Jane until she gets the hang of stealing eggs from
the chickens. Then he and Peter go to stand on the beach for a while.

Major: "Jim Brown was it? I'd like to meet that guy. This could be a
nice little operation he's got going here."

Peter: "You thinking of taking the million and buying him out?"

Major: "It's a thought. Hire some locals to do the messy work. Take a
run out two, three times a week and make the deliveries. Yeah, living
around here wouldn't be all that bad."

A chicken is pecking at the Major's leg. He takes a swipe at it with
the machete and cuts the bird's head clean off. The headless chicken
staggers away for a few steps before falling over on the rocks. Peter
watches the bird die and he tries to hide the shock he's feeling from
the Major's sudden brutality.

Major: "Yup, a man could do alright with a setup like this. Come on,
Peter. Let's get our lunch."

[Go commercial.] / [Return.]

Lisa, Myka and Sue have gone to check the mail. There's a piece of
paper with the points totals in the mail tube. Also, there's a note
stating that the next day's challenge will be held in the morning and
for them to check the mail early. The girls leave the letters in the
tube while they relax for a while. They sit on the shore and let the
waves wash against their feet.

Myka has gathered some seaweed from the shallows and she's laying
strips of it across her red and scraped spots of skin. Myka hands Sue
some, telling her that it will help sooth the pain. Sue takes some and
drapes the slimy strands of seaweed across her shoulders where the hot
sand burned her. Then she places some on the sand to rest her elbows
on. Lisa watches them.

Lisa: "You subs aren't having it too easy in some of these challenges."

Sue: "The last couple were pretty rough. It's all part of the game,
though."

Myka: "I guess."

Lisa: "You know that as we get closer to the end, the challenges will
probably be getting harder."

Sue: "Harder than getting shot at with paintballs? Harder than getting
icecubes shoved up my cunt?" Sue looks up at Lisa, remembering that she
is a domme. "I'm sorry, Lisa. Sometimes things get a little tough to
take."

Myka: "Sure. But it's not all bad."

Sue: She grins. "No, it's not. On days like this, sitting here on this
deserted beach in the sunshine, or running around naked and chained and
it being an acceptable thing, I think about how lucky I am to have the
chance to do this."

Lisa: "And don't forget the million bucks."

Sue: "Right. What would you two do if you won, if you don't mind my
asking."

Myka: "We'd quit working grubby bars, for one thing."

Lisa: "Oh, yeah. Getting hit on by horny guys? They see me and Myka
together and think it's a two for one sale. They just don't get it that
we don't want anything to do with males."

Myka: "Yeah. "Hey, com'on, baby. You want what I got." "Uh, no. Not
really." Most of them just don't understand."

Lisa laughs.

Sue: "So what would you do?"

Lisa: "I'd like to travel. Thailand, India, Italy. Greece. Pack a bag,
buy a ticket and go."

Myka: "I was born in Korea but I grew up in Bangkok. When I was ten, my
Dad Got a transfer to Kerala, India. We had a little house by the sea.
I use to play all day on a beach just like this one, but more crowded."

Sue: "Peter and I have been to Greece. We rented a tiny villa on a
hillside for two weeks. We could stand on the balcony and look over the
town and out to sea. It was really beautiful."

Myka lifts up some of the seaweed on Sue's shoulders to look
underneath. She rearranges it a bit, then does her own.

Sue: "This stuff's helping. I'm not so sore anymore."

[Cut to: Somewhere in the jungle.] A remote camera, mounted high on a
tree, spots one of the subs making her way through the undergrowth.
It's Marsha.

Marsha is exploring the area behind the surviver's shelter. She
carefully picks her way through and around the bushes and plants on the
jungle floor. Occasionally she'll stop and look at something, or just
stand quietly, looking around.

There's a rustling under a bush and Marsha stops. She bends down slowly
to look. The camera zooms in. Although she's far away from a
microphone, we can still make out what she's saying.

Marsha: "Hey, boy. Don't be scared, it's all right."

Marsha holds out a banana that she's been eating. She holds her wrist
chain with her other hand so it doesn't tinkle. From under the bush, a
tiny pig nose pushes between the leaves.

Marsha: "Here you go. You hungry?"

The pig nose twitches as it smells the banana. The pig takes a timid
step forward. It's beady eyes are fixed on the banana, and, on Marsha.
The pig stretches out it's neck, Marsha slowly moves her hand closer,
and the pig's snout opens a bit to take a small bite of the banana.

Marsha: "Is that good?"

Marsha sits cross legged on the ground and she peels a bit more of the
banana. She holds it near her feet and waits. Slowly, haltingly, the
pig takes a step out from under the bush. It sniffs the air and takes
another step closer to Marsha.

Marsha waits the pig out as it gains enough confidence to take another
step closer to her. The pig lowers it's head, keeping it's eyes fixed
on her hands, and it's little pig nose wrinkles as it sniffs Marsha's
toes. It's wiry pig whiskers tickle the bottom of her foot. Marsha
wiggles her toes and the pig looks up at her, ready to flee.

Marsha: "That tickles. Here you go, boy."

Marsha slowly raises the banana. The pig takes a nibble. It stands
there this time, chewing on the fruit. Marsha peels the rest of the
banana. She breaks off the end and eats it, then offers the rest to the
pig.

The pig finishes off the piece of banana. Marsha lays the peel down on
the ground and the pig eats that too. Then the pig looks up at her and
she sees what looks like a smile on his mouth.

Marsha slowly reaches a hand out to the pig's head. The animal stands
his ground and watches. Marsha's hand touches the top of it's head.
Slowly and gently, she scratches behind one little pig ear.

Marsha moves to stand up. The pig turns quickly and bolts off into the
jungle.

Marsha: "Bye-bye, little guy."

Marsha continues her walk. She comes to a tree with several ripe mangos
hanging from the branches and she takes a long stick to knock a couple
down. Marsha picks one up and takes a bite. She chews the stringy pulp
as juice runs down her chin. Taking the other mango with her, she sets
off again.

A camera crew picks up Marsha as she comes to a sort of clearing where
a patch of big purple flowers are in full bloom. Marsha carefully makes
her way to the center of the area. The lovely fragrance of all the
flowers is almost intoxicating and she stands, looking around and
taking in the beauty of it all.

Marsha picks one of the flowers and she puts it in her hair over her
right ear. She picks several more until she has a nice bouquet for the
camp table. Something brushes against her leg and she looks down. It's
her pig.

Marsha: "Hi there, little fellow. Would you like a mango?"

Marsha lowers the fruit to the pig. It sniffs it and then takes it in
his mouth. The pig looks up at her before lowering it's head to the
ground to eat.

The pig is the size of a small dog, a little larger than a big house
cat, and it's fur is mostly brown and white. It's chest, head, and
three of his four legs are white. The pig finishes the fruit and looks
up, Marsha bends down, and the animal holds it's ground and allows the
girl to pet it.

Marsha: "I think I'll have to give you a name. How about Hector?"

Hector makes a soft squeaking sound as Marsha scratches around it's
neck. She takes his head in both of her hands and gives it a playful
shake. Her chain tinkles and the pig glances at her wrist cuffs and
then down to the connecting chain.

Marsha: "Would you like to see where I live?"

Marsha stands up and moves off a few steps. The pig looks at her.

Marsha: "Come on, Hector. It's this way."

Marsha turns to go. The pig watches for a few moments, then begins to
follow her. Marsha looks back a few times and sees that Hector is
following her home.

[Cut to: Chicken Island.] The Major has five chickens and he's cleaning
them. He skins them and guts them and flings the scrap off to one side.
A bunch of chickens have gathered there and are picking over the
chicken parts and eating them. Peter is watching.

Peter: "They're eating their own kind! That's disgusting."

Major: "They're chickens. They don't have any sort of a brain. They see
something that's food and they eat it."

Peter: "Yuck!"

Major: "Food's food when you're hungry enough. Back in 'Nam, me and a
couple of the boys got separated from our unit. We found ourselves in
the middle of enemy territory. All we could do was dig in and wait.

"We were pinned down there for two weeks. The rations ran out after
three days. You'd be surprised what you can call food when you really
get hungry."

Peter: "What did you do?"

Major: "Ate rats, bugs, worms. We couldn't make a fire to cook or
nothing. We just had to choke it down. You know, pound for pound,
insects give you more protein than the best sirloin steak."

Peter: "That's gross."

Major: "I'm here to tell you about it. Me and them boys made it back to
our unit in one piece.

"I thought we'd be hard pressed for food on this contest." The Major
holds up a trimmed chicken. "But, shit. I've been eating better here
than I do at home."

Peter: He laughs. "Yeah. Most of the meals haven't been too hard to
take. Sue said that she feels like she's even gained a few pounds."

Major: "My sub's looking heavy too. By the way, where is she?" He
yells, "Jane!"

Jane: Off in the jungle. "Sir?"

Major: "You about done?"

Jane: "Yes, Sir."

Peter gets some big leaves and vines to wrap the chicken carcasses in.
The meat is tied in neat packages and stowed in the boat. Jane returns
with her pail of eggs and the three get into the boat and get going.

Where the water gets deep, the Major stops the boat. He saved a few
chicken livers to use as bait, and he and Peter drop lines over the
side. Peter hooks a nice Blue Cod, the Major snags another. In a very
short time, the three survivers have the makings of a grand feast.

Back at camp, Sam and Trish are making a pot of beans flavoured with
barbecue sauce. Myka has chopped up coconut meat and it's been soaking
in water to extract the milk. Marsha joins them around the table with
her bouquet of big purple flowers and she finds a bowl to put them in.
Marsha's new pet, Hector the pig, begins nosing around the camp area
and finding scraps of food on the ground.

Brandi notices the pig following her sub around the camp.

Brandi: "Marsha. What's that pig doing here?"

Marsha: "He followed me home, mistress. Can I keep him?"

Brandi: "The pigs are for eating, Marsha. Not to keep as pets."

Marsha: "Oh, no, mistress. Not Hector! Besides, he's so small."

Brandi: She rolls her eyes. "Hector?"

Trish: "Hector the pig. Of course."

Myka separates the coconut pulp from the milk and she gives the nutmeat
to the pig. He's happy to have it, and he watches her as she moves back
to the table before lowering his head to gobble up the coconut.

Peter and the Major return from Moehi with the five chickens and the
two good sized fish. Jane has a bucket of eggs for tomorrow's
breakfast. Sue shows Peter and the Major the note about the next day's
challenge being an early one.

Peter: "No clue as to what it is. Just something that starts in the
morning."

Myka prepares the fish, cutting it up into chunks and feeding the
scraps to the pig. She makes a big pot of fish stew by slowly simmering
the cut up fish in the coconut milk. Brandi and Lisa do the chicken
halves on the grill over the fire. Sam's tasty beans round out the
meal.

Hector the pig has suddenly found out where all the good table scraps
have been coming from. All of the subs, and most of the doms, have
found the little pig to be simply adorable, and Hector works the crowd
for handouts. Someone's hand will slip under the table with a tasty
morsel and he'll let the person give his head a scratch in exchange.
And once the meal's finished, Hector has more food put before him than
he's ever seen before.

Once lunch is finished and the cleanup's done, everyone goes down to
the beach to laze around. Hector can barely move he's eaten so much,
but he picks Marsha out of the group and follows her down to the water.
The pig finds a spot in the shade and settles down for a long nap.

Peter and Sue go into the water for a swim. After that, they take a
walk down the beach. Sue has both hands on Peter's arm and he's
fingering the links of the chain between her wrists as they walk.

Peter: "Nothing happened this morning. The Major wasn't at all mean to
Jane. On the contrary, he seemed almost nice with her. He patiently
explained how to sort the eggs and then he let her go do it."

Sue: "You've seen the marks on her. There's something going on there."

Peter: "Maybe, maybe not. I don't think they're close like another
couple would be. Maybe they have more like a father, daughter
relationship. In any case, none of us are going anywhere until this
game is over, so let's just wait and see what happens. Ok?"

Sue: "I'm worried about her, Peter. The other day, I saw genuine fear
in her eyes."

Peter: "If she comes to us and asks for help, fine. You know I'll do
whatever it takes. But I don't want you pushing her into making a
decision that she might come to regret. Alright, Sue?"

Sue: "All right."

Peter: "Yes. . . . ?"

Sue: "Yes, Master."

Peter: "Good."

The two walk further down the beach and they start to hear the noise of
a tractor or something. Past a point of land and they see a backhoe
working on an area of beach. The tide is on the way out, and some of
the crew are digging holes in the sand and planting short posts out
past the high water line.

Peter: "Let's go take a look."

Sue "Should we? Maybe we're not allowed."

Peter: "So what? Then they'll tell us to leave."

Peter and Sue walk down the beach to where the crew is setting up the
next challenge. A few of the men look up as they approach. Because of
the warm day, Peter hasn't bothered wearing shorts and, of course, Sue
is naked. The men wrestling the heavy posts into the holes aren't
wearing all that much either.

Peter: "Hi."

Crewman: "Afternoon."

Peter: "Is this for the next challenge?"

Crewman: "I can't tell you that, sorry."

Peter: "Oh."

The two watch the men hook a chain around one of the posts. Each one is
about a foot across and flat on top. The backhoe lifts the post up and
it's manoeuvered into a hole. Once it's down, the men shovel some sand
in around it. It's checked with a level to make sure it's straight,
then the men shovel more sand into the hole. When the post is secure
they unhook the chain, and the machine fills the rest of the hole with
sand. There's two done, three more to go. Peter turns to Sue.

Peter: "I'll bet that you subs have to stand on top of a post until you
fall off. Last one standing wins." He turns to one of the crew. "Am I
right?"

Crewman: "Can't say. Could be, I guess."

Sue: "Come on, Peter. Let's head back."

[Voiceover: As the two walk back to camp.] "Peter and Sue now face a
dilemma. Should they tell the others what they've seen, or keep the
information to themselves."

Sue: "Standing up on a post isn't something you can prepare for. You
just have to stand there."

Peter: "We'll just tell Sam and Trish. Ok?"

Sue: "All right. We don't have to let everyone know what we saw."

Back at camp, they see Sam and Trish splashing around in the water.
Peter waits until they finish what they're doing before swimming out to
talk to them. Peter tells Sam and Trish about the posts in the sand
that they saw.

Peter: "I'm guessing that the subs have to stand there until they can't
take it anymore and have to get down."

Trish: "I'm sure there's more to it than that. Did you see any
vibrating dildos?"

Peter: "Nope. Just five posts."

Sam: "Maybe we get to shoot paintballs to try and knock you off."

Trish: "That's more like it."

Sam and Peter get their subs to do some bending and stretching
exercises to hopefully give themselves a bit of an advantage in the
challenge. Standing in one spot for a long time can be tougher than it
looks.

Sam: "It's a good thing it's not me doing it. My back starts hurting if
I stand around too long without moving."

Most of the group spend a relaxing afternoon on the beach, and later on
a light dinner is made. Rice is cooked with some leftover chicken
added. There's fruit, and there's some fish stew from lunch to round
out the meal. As evening rolls around and it starts to get dark, a fire
is made down on the beach. The couples sit around it, watching the wood
burn.

After a couple of hours with nobody saying much, Trish speaks up.

Trish: "Pretty quiet around here tonight."

Lisa: "Colleen had a way of getting people talking. Anyone have a story
to tell?"

Sue: "Hottest or wildest? I think we've all covered that one."

Brandi: "Lovers found, lovers lost."

Marsha: "Yeah. First loves."

Peter: "Major. You've been around the block. How about a story?"

Major: "I don't think so."

Myka: "Come on, Major. You must have had a woman before, one who meant
a lot to you."

Major: "I. . . Well. Yes, there was one."

Myka: Softly. "What was her name?"

Major: "Her name was Mi-Ling."

There's a pause, while The Major sorts through his thoughts.

Major: "It was after the Vietnam war, when we got our asses kicked by
them commie bastards. I felt shame for my country then. The men we
lost, good men. And all for nothing. My Colonel suggested that I take a
posting in Hawaii, as an instructor, so I did.

"She started working at a bar that I use to frequent. Actually, I was
pretty much a regular there. One day she served me my drink and I asked
her to sit a while. I started talking, and this girl seemed interested.
Turned out that I served with her brother. He was killed over there, in
'Nam.

"Well I got pretty drunk that night. She offered to take me home with
her. She lived in this little grass shack down by the ocean with her
Mother and Father. Dirt poor, they were, but happy though. They were
plain and simple just good people. Me and her, we went walking down the
beach in the moonlight. And for a few hours, she made me forget all my
troubles.

"I'd see her practically every day after that. I'd get off duty and
head right over to that bar she worked at. And then, later on, well. .
. . She was the best thing that ever happened to me.

"We began to make plans, you know? I'd quit the service, we'd settle
down on the mainland. I'd get a real job. . . ."

Sam: Quietly. "What happened, Major."

Major: He lets out a long sigh. "I went to the bar one day, like usual.
Mi-Ling had gotten herself in the way of two guys who were fighting.
One of them had a knife."

Marsha: "Oh my God."

Major: "When her Father heard, he had a heart attack. Dropped dead
right on the spot. I guess that I died a little too that day. I had
some money saved and I just gave it all to Mi-Ling's Mother. Then, I
went to my Colonel and said, "Send me someplace where there's some
action." Three days later I was in Honduras."

Jane: "I never knew this, Sir."

Major: He stands. "Shit happens to everyone, sooner or later."

The Major and Jane leave the group to head to the shelter. Others stand
and stretch too.

Peter: "It's late, and we've got an early challenge tomorrow. Let's
call it a night."

Inside the shelter, the Major and Jane are settling into their bed.
Jane is looking at her dom.

Jane: Softly. "Sir?"

Major: "Yes."

Jane: "I'm sorry about that girl, Mi-Ling."

Major: He looks at her. "It was a long time ago."

Jane: "You have seen a lot of death, in the wars and such."

Major: "In war, death is expected. It follows you around. It can be ten
feet away from you and you wouldn't know it until it hits you. But in
real life, it's when you're not expecting it that it hits the hardest."

[Title: DAY TWENTY FOUR.]

[Night cam, inside the shelter.] The Major is lying in bed with his
eyes open. It's just beginning to get light out; the sun not yet risen.
The Major sits up and Jane, beside him, stirs. He looks at her for a
moment.

The Major gets up off the sleeping pad and stands. He quietly moves to
the shelter doorway. As he moves to step outside, his foot touches
something big and warm and hairy. He grabs hold of the edge of the
entrance to halt his fall.

Major: "God damn-it."

Hector the pig spent the night sleeping on the shelter's top step. With
a sharp squeal, the pig bolts off into the jungle. The Major shakes his
head and then steps out of the shelter.

Major Edwin Kilpatrick makes his way towards the latrine. A camera
follows him. At the toilet, the Major stands and pisses.

[Iso, head shot of Major.] He looks up into the lens.

Major: "I must be getting soft out here. It's not like me to let my
guard down like I did last night."

[Voice of camera operator, off camera:] "Would you like to talk about
it, sir?"

Major: He gives the camera a glance. "No. I said it all last night.
Maybe I said too much."

The Major gives his dick a shake and zips up his shorts. He heads back
to camp. There, he builds up the fire and puts a pot of water on to
boil.

A bit later on, Jane steps out from the shelter and goes to her dom.

Jane: "Sir, about what you told us last night. I. . . ."

Major: "There's nothing to say. It happened long ago, so just forget
it. The water's nearly ready, make my coffee."

Jane: "Yes, Sir."

After a while, others wake up and leave the shelter. Peter heads off to
the toilet while Sue joins the Major at the table for a moment. Sam and
Trish stand nearby. Myka and Marsha also go to the table where the
Major is sitting.

Everyone knows how difficult it can be to talk to the Major and they
all just gather around, giving him and Jane sidelong glances. Peter
returns and joins the group. Finally, the Major speaks up.

Major: "Look. I'm not interested in talking about it. Case closed. Now.
we've got breakfast to eat and a challenge to go to. Let's get going."

The Major stands and he, Peter and Sam each take a cup of coffee and go
to check the mail. Jane gets the bucket of eggs down from the food
storage platform and the girls get busy cooking eggs for everyone.

[Camera following the doms.] The three men step out from the jungle and
onto the beach. The sky is overcast with gray cloud and there's a
slightly cool breeze blowing across the beach, from the South.

Sam: "Did it rain last night?"

Peter: "I don't think so."

Major: "No, it didn't."

Sam: "So we could get wet on today's challenge. At least the subs
might."

The Major eyes Sam carefully. If the challenge involves swimming they
all could get wet.

Major: "The wind's from the South. Storms usually blow in from the East
around these parts. I think we'll be Ok."

The tide is out, so they walk along the wet sand farther down because
the wind is blowing loose sand into their faces. The three make the
mail tree, and Sam reaches into the tube to pull out a scrap of paper.
He reads the challenge.

"Standing on a post,
In the morning sun,
Not a lot to do,
Not a lot of fun.
Outlast the others,
Then you'll be a winner,
Hope it doesn't last,
Through until your dinner."

Major: "What? Standing on a post? That doesn't sound too hard."

Sam: "Maybe the subs have to hold something. Something heavy."

[Cut to: Surviver camp.] There's a big pot of eggs boiling and Brandi
is making an omelet with wild onions mixed into the egg. Some fruit has
also been gathered from the forest.

Lisa: "We should have some bread. Or at least some flour to make
something like bread."

Trish: "Let's drop some hints to Kent today. Maybe he'll get us some."

The doms return to camp, and Sam reads the challenge again to the
others.

Myka: "Sounds too easy. There must be a trick to it."

Hector the pig is crunching up eggshells as the survivers eat their
breakfast. The Major puts his hand down and gives the pig's back a pat.
Hector looks up at him and gives him a crooked pig smile. The Major
catches himself smiling back at the little pig.

After they've eaten, the group heads up the beach for the challenge.
The pig follows along, walking behind Marsha. From time to time, Hector
will take a fancy to Marsha's jingling ankle chain and he'll run to it
and try to bite it. This usually causes Marsha to trip and stumble over
the animal. By the time the group reaches the challenge site, Hector
has gotten himself underfoot of all of the subs.

At the challenge area they see, about fifty feet past the high water
line, five posts set in the sand in a semicircle and spaced about ten
feet apart. Kent is sitting in his Jeep parked near the trees. The
contestants gather around him.

Kent: "Welcome, everyone. Now this challenge is really quite a simple
one. Just climb up on one of the posts and stand there. 

"Both, or one of your feet has to be on top of the post at all times.
You can't sit down on top of it. Last three challengers left standing
starts winning points. The one who lasts the longest gets twenty
points, second earns fifteen, and the third longest post stander gets
ten.

"This could be a long challenge today, so I have a cooler full of
drinks and sandwiches here. If the subs would like to take a seat over
there," Kent points to some logs at the jungle's edge, "and the
dominants would pick a post and climb up, we'll get started."

Most of the doms and subs are looking at each other.

Trish: "Did you say that we're suppose to sit this one out, Kent?"

Kent: "That's right. Oh, didn't I mention that this challenge is for
the dominants? Oh well, doms and dommes, choose a post and climb on
up."

The subs take seats on the logs while the doms move towards the five
posts. Each post is sticking up about five feet from the sand, and a
few boards are fastened to them to serve as ladders. The posts are flat
on top and a little over a foot across.

The doms climb up on their posts and place their feet on the top. Once
they're all in position, Kent starts his stopwatch.

Kent: "Challengers, this is for points. Good luck."

Kent takes the cooler from his Jeep and he places it near to where the
subs sit. Hector has parked his bum between Marsha's feet and is
sitting on her ankle chain. Kent goes to her and bends down.

Kent: "I see you've found a friend, Marsha."

Marsha: "This is Hector."

The pig turns to look at her like he knows his own name.

Kent: "Hector?" The pig looks at him again. "Well that's a nice name.
Will he bite me?"

Marsha: "I don't think so. He hasn't bitten anyone yet."

Kent slowly puts out his hand to the little pig. Hector sniffs Kent's
hand and then nuzzles his palm. Kent gives the animal a scratch behind
his ear.

Out on their posts, the doms settle in for a long stand.

Sam: "How long are we going to be standing here?"

Lisa: "Till the cows come home if you guys don't jump. I need to earn
some points."

Brandi: "We all do. At least it's not too hot today."

Peter: "If the wind picks up, this isn't going to get any easier."

Major: "Swell."

[Superimpose time on bottom of screen:]  "45 Minutes."

Kent is sitting with the subs and making small talk. Out on the posts,
the five doms are standing there and looking bored. Sam has his hands
on his hips and he's moving from side to side to try and ease the pain
in his back. Lisa carefully bends forward, then straightens up.

[Superimpose time on bottom of screen:]  "1 Hour, 30 Minutes."

The clouds are thinning and the wind has died down a bit. Kent is
passing bottles of water out to the subs. He sits again, this time
beside Trish.

After several minutes, Trish begins to notice that Kent seems to be
letting his eyes linger just a bit too long on her body, rather than
the challengers out on the posts. She looks at him and gives him a
smile. Kent's focus abruptly shifts to her eyes and he grins, then nods
towards the doms.

Kent: "Sam doesn't look too happy out there."

[Cut to: Sam.] Sam is constantly moving to try and gain some relief
from the pain he's in. He brings up one leg and grasps his knee,
pulling and stretching his back muscles."

[Cut to: Trish.] Trish: "Sam's back gets really sore if he has to stand
in one spot for long. Moving around he's Ok, it's just whenever he's
got to stand still he has problems."

Kent: "It doesn't look like he's going to hang on much longer. Look,
there he goes."

Sam bends down and finds the first board with his foot. He slowly
climbs down off his post. When he's down on the sand he holds onto the
post and twists his back to work the kinks out of it. Then, he gingerly
makes his way to where the subs are sitting.

Kent: "Had enough, Sam?"

Sam: "Yeah, afraid so."

[Superimpose time on bottom of screen:]  "2 Hours, 20 Minutes."

The cloud cover is beginning to break up. The sun is getting stronger
and the tide is coming in. Waves are starting to lap at the bottoms of
the five posts now. Kent gets up with a bottle of sunscreen and he
makes his way out to where the doms are standing. He hands the bottle
up to each challenger in turn and lets them rub some of the sunscreen
on themselves.

Kent: "Sorry I can't reach your backs, guys. I guess you'll have to
make do."

[Superimpose time on bottom of screen:]  "4 Hours, 36 Minutes."

The tide is fully in, and the five posts are tiny islands now with four
doms standing on top. Sometimes a high wave will even break over their
feet. The wetness is also making the tops of the logs a bit slippery,
and Lisa almost tips over as she stands on one foot, holding the other
one behind her back and trying to balance herself.

The Major is crouched down and he reaches to splash some water on his
face. Peter bends over a couple times, mostly to relieve the boredom.
Brandi stands with her arms crossed and looks pissed off.

On shore, Kent and Sam hand out the sandwiches and cans of soda pop to
the subs. They all sit in the shade and watch to see who will be the
next one to bail.

[Superimpose time on bottom of screen:]  "5 Hours, 10 Minutes."

Peter bends over and dives off his post and into the surf. He flips
over and backstrokes towards shore. Peter gives a wave to the three
doms left.

He joins the group on shore to park his bum on one of the logs. Sue
hands Peter her can of pop which he quickly drinks down.

Kent: "Five hours and ten minutes, Peter. Good try."

Peter: "Not good enough though. I just couldn't take it anymore."

Sue gives her dom's arm a squeeze. The couple exchange a wordless
glance.

Out on the posts, the Major looks towards the two girls who are left.

Major: "That'll do it for me, girls. Good luck."

With that, the Major brings one foot back and bends down. He gets his
foot on the top board of the ladder but as he shifts his weight his
foot slips on the wet wood. The Major pushes himself off the post to
drop backwards into the water. He then swims to shore.

Kent: "Five hours and fifteen minutes, Major. You take third place with
ten points. 

[Superimpose time on bottom of screen:]  "6 Hours, 29 Minutes."

Three posts stand empty, Lisa is looking across to Brandi. Brandi is
standing with her hands on her knees. The top two rungs of the ladders
are above the water now. The tide is receding.

Lisa: "Give it up, Brandi."

Brandi: "No way! Me and Marsha want to win this thing."

Lisa: "You're not going to outlast me, Brandi. You know it."

Silence.

Brandi straightens up and looks at Lisa.

Lisa: "We can end this thing right now. It's only five points."

Brandi tries to respond but her mouth is dry as dust. She feels it too.
She's dehydrated and getting weaker by the minute. Brandi gives Lisa a
final glare and then begins to climb down off her post. She jumps down
into the thigh high water and wades to shore.

Lisa raises her arms but she feels no joy in winning the challenge.
Only relief that it's finally over. She starts to climb down but her
legs give out and she falls the last few feet into the sea.

Kent hands each girl a bottle of water when they reach the rest of the
group on shore.

Kent: "Congratulations, ladies. Six and a half hours. Brandi takes
second place, and Lisa and Myka win the challenge earning themselves
twenty points.

"You can all head back to camp, and I'll see you tomorrow."

Kent leaves a few sandwiches and cans of pop for Lisa and Brandi. They
and their subs hang around the area for a while after the others leave,
until the two dommes have regained enough strength to make the trek
back to camp.

Brandi: "You tricked me, didn't you, Lisa. You were ready to drop out."

Lisa: "Sorry, Brandi, but that's the name of the game. Outwit, outlast,
and all."

Brandi: "I should have called your bluff, but I was nearly finished out
there. All that water around us and not a drop to drink."

Lisa: "No hard feelings?"

Brandi: "No. Good challenge, Lisa. Congratulations."

Lisa: "Come on. Let's head back."

Lisa, Brandi, Myka and Marsha start back to camp. Hector the pig
follows along.

[Camera zoom out and follow the four girls and the pig as they walk
down the beach.]

[Go commercial.] / [Return.]

At the surviver's camp, Sam and Trish have taken the boat out to catch
some dinner. They return with a few small fish. Sue is making a pot of
rice, and Jane is out gathering some fruit. After Lisa and Brandi have
joined the group, they all sit down at the camp table to eat.

Sam: "Well, you subs had it pretty easy today."

Trish: "For a change."

Peter: "I wonder what made Kent switch things around?"

Sue: "Yeah, I wonder."

Lisa: "You think that the challenge was originally for the subs?"

Peter: "Well they usually are."

Major: "I think that they just wanted to keep us on our toes. Throw out
a curve ball and force us to keep guessing."

Marsha: "It could be that we've got something particularly nasty coming
up tomorrow. They might have thought us subs needed a break."

Major: "No, that's not it. Subs don't normally get breaks. Dispite us
being dominants and use to being in charge, during this game we still
have to answer to a higher authority. Today's challenge was just a
reminder for us not to get too complacent in our roles as Masters."

Brandi: "So you think making us stand on the poles was a punishment for
something?"

Major: "Maybe not a punishment. It was more of a change up to show us
all who's really in charge out here. Generals have to take orders like
everyone else down the line. Even those at the top have to answer to
somebody. At least, in a democracy they do."

Peter: "But. This isn't a democracy out here."

Major: "Good point. We have to dance to the tune that's playing, if we
want to win the money."

After dinner's over and the camp is cleaned up, the group goes down to
the beach to watch the sunset for a while. Lisa nudges Brandi and the
two dommes go off into the jungle together.

Near a big palm tree, Lisa turns to Brandi. Although the girls think
that they're alone, they don't notice the tiny remote camera mounted on
a tree nearby.

Lisa: "Brandi, I've been thinking. If we had worked together this
afternoon we could have saved ourselves a few uncomfortable hours
standing on those posts."

Brandi: "What do you mean?"

Lisa: "Well. Say we both agreed that, for the challenges that we're
able to, us and our subs work together. Then at the end, when one of us
wins the money we split the prize."

Brandi: "Now, Lisa. You know that's against the rules. It was quite
clearly spelled out in all those papers we signed that couples can't
join forces or split any prize money."

Lisa: "Yeah, but who's to know? We don't have to tell anyone and if
we're subtle about it, it should work."

Brandi: "Who's to know? They know everything that goes on on this
island. There could be cameras in those coconuts up there."

The two girls nervously look up and around them. Lisa studies the
coconuts hanging on the tree high above them.

Brandi: "Besides. How could we work together and expect to win? One of
us would have to throw the challenge to the other and make sure they
won all the time. Or most of the times."

Lisa: "Like today. You could have bailed after the Major, and I would
have won. Or paintball way back when. Marsha could have hid with Myka
and then we could have scored points off each other's subs. If we can
work together on just a few of the challenges, it could make a
difference."

Brandi: "I don't know, Lisa. I'll think about it. Ok?"

Lisa: "Think about us sitting down and counting out half a million
each."

Brandi turns to go, and Lisa follows her back to the rest of the group
sitting around the bonfire. Everyone sits around the fire and watches
the wood burn, each lost in their own thoughts. As night falls, one by
one, the couples head for the shelter to turn in for the night.

[Title: DAY TWENTY FIVE.]

[Dawn: Surviver camp.] Peter and Sue are sitting at the table and they
watch the Major and Jane head down to the beach for their morning
exercise routine. Sue has the coffee on and, after it's done, they each
take a cup and walk down to check the mail.

At the mail tree, Peter reaches into the tube and pulls out a scrap of
paper with the day's challenge printed on it. He reads it to Sue:

Multiples of five,
A hand that's steady and true,
Marks on something live,
Points accrue to you.

Sue: "Rather cryptic, yes?"

Peter: "A steady hand? Marking something live? A whipping challenge?"

Sue: "Oh, shit."

[Cut to: Surviver camp.] The group is sitting down for the morning
meal. They're discussing the challenge announcement.

Marsha: "Oh, shit."

Sue: "That's what I said."

Sam: "Something live could be a tree or something. It could be shooting
arrows at a tree."

Trish: "Want to bet it's not?"

Sam: "No."

The challenge is set for the big clearing in the jungle. After a lunch
of some fruit, the couples follow the trail from the beach, through the
forest, to the clearing.

Kent, Kate and Brent are standing around an ominous looking padded
bench. The bench is a foot wide and three feet long, and stands about a
foot and a half high. It's top is padded and covered with tan coloured
leather. At the head, two hand grips stick up and are fixed on either
side, near the end.

On a small table lay several thin bamboo canes of various lengths, all
near about three feet long. It's these canes that draw the sub's eyes.

Kent: "Welcome, folks. The equipment you see should be familiar to you
all. We have a padded bench, and several springy bamboo canes. I think
you all know what's going to happen in this challenge.

"What we have in mind is this. Each submissive gets to lay, face down,
on the bench. Each dominant gets to select a cane. You'll have five
seconds to strike your sub five times across her back. What we're
looking for is five nicely defined lines, equally spaced and of equal
intensity.

"You should only hit hard enough to make a clearly defined line. You're
NOT to draw blood. If you break your sub's skin, you're out of this
challenge with no points.

"The scoring goes like this. Five marks of the cane in five seconds
gets you five points. Equal spacing of the marks along your sub's back
gets five points. Equal length of each mark is another five. Even
colouration along the length of each line is another five points. And
finally, your submissive's reaction gets you another five. The subs
have to hold very still while you're whipping them to let you place the
marks evenly.

"Now backs are curvy, so when we're judging the lines we'll take that
into account. If you only get in four hits in the five seconds, you
don't get four points, you get zero. For the rest of the
qualifications, we're scoring from zero to five. There's a possible
twenty five points for a perfect score in today's challenge.

"Remember, we're looking for accuracy today. You don't have to hit hard
because your sub might not be able to hold still for the full five
strokes. As long as there's five clear marks on her back, that's all
we'll need. Everyone understand the challenge?"

Kent waits a moment, in case anyone has a question. When he sees that
there's none, he nods to Miss Kate.

Kate: "If the doms and dommes would like to take a few moments to
select a cane, then we'll begin."

There's a dozen thin canes on the table. The Major handles a couple
and then picks one. He slashes the air a few times with it. Peter picks
one and tests it's springiness and balance. He whips the air a few
times, and he smiles.

Lisa has a cane in her hand and she looks upset. Although Lisa has used
a whip on someone before, she's never had any inclination to take one
to her lovely submissive, Myka. Their relationship is one based on
tenderness and love, and to take a cane and physically mark Myka's back
is something that Lisa would rather not have to do.

Brandi gives Lisa a wink. Brandi waves her cane downwards and lets the
tip touch the ground. She does this a few times, each time letting the
tip touch an inch away from the last mark. Lisa picks up the idea and
tries her hand at controlling the springy bamboo cane. Brandi wipes the
end of her cane off.

Kent touches Brent on his arm. They both have noticed Brandi's helping
Lisa calm herself and prepare for the challenge.

Kent: "All right. Who's up first?"

Major: "I'll go first."

Miss Kate helps Jane position herself on the bench. Her hands hold the
two posts sticking up on each side of her head with her wrist chain
laying across the back of her neck. When the submissive is ready, Kate
nods to the Major. The Major takes his position.

Kent is ready with the stopwatch.

Kent: "Ready? Set? GO!"

At the word go, the Major swings his cane down onto Jane's back. His
hand is sure, and his next stroke gets placed perfectly, an inch below
the last. Jane takes each blow without flinching. Her forehead is
pressed to the padded bench top and her hands grip the hand grips
tightly. Each time the Major raises the cane to deliver the next blow,
a bright red line is left in it's wake.

Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack!

Kent: "Stop!"

Brent and Miss Kate move in to examine the Major's work. Brent has a
ruler and a pair of calipers, and each of Jane's marks is compared to
the others. Jane must lay there and endure the poking and prodding of
her burning back by the two judges.

Finally, Jane is allowed to get up and the next sub steps up to the
bench. Miss Kate has the Major's score written down on her clipboard.
Peter has offered Sue to be next.

Kent: "We'll announce the final scoring at the end. Peter?"

Peter and Sue play with whips and such from time to time, so Sue knows
what to expect. Sue's back has a bit of meat on it and is nice and
flat. Sue has settled herself onto the bench in such a way that her
back is straight and evenly presented to the cane. Peter lays his five
strokes in a tight pattern across the widest part of Sue's back, just
below her shoulder blades.

When Peter's five seconds are up he steps back smiling. Sue lets out
her breath in a long shudder. Brent and Kate move towards Sue. The cane
is about a quarter inch thick and the marks are spaced just a half an
inch apart. They're all perfectly equal in length and nearly perfectly
spaced. Sue will have a rather sore stripe on her back for the next few
days.

Sam and Trish go next. Sam and Trish have played around with sticks and
stuff in the forest up at their cottage. In this more formal setting,
Sam doesn't do as well as the more experienced doms of the Major or
Peter. On his last stroke, Trish flinches and Sam misses the mark
making the stroke overlap one of the others a bit. Sam shrugs his
shoulders knowing that he's lost some points over that one.

Brandi and Marsha take their turn. They also have played a bit with the
S and M side of things, but never really seriously. And Marsha can't
hold still enough for Brandi to set her strokes where she'd like them.
Marsha flinches on the first smack. She jumps on the second one. Brandi
pauses for just a moment, hoping her sub will settle down. Kent calls
stop when her time is up, and Brandi misses out on having her last
stroke count.

Marsha has tears in her eyes when she's released from the whipping
bench.

Marsha: To Brandi. "I'm sorry, mistress."

Brandi: "It's Ok, kitten. It's over now."

Kate helps get Myka into position on the bench. Lisa is standing there
and watching. Myka's long hair is cleared from off her back, to hang
off one side of the bench and pool on the ground below. Lisa is clearly
uncomfortable holding the cane in her hand.

Though Myka has hinted to Lisa that a spanking might be fun, they never
have done anything like this at all. Now, Lisa has to whip her sub's
back with a hard bamboo cane and leave marks on her. With a worried
look, Lisa gets into position.

Kent: "Ready? Set? GO!"

Lisa's first stroke is light. Her second one is a little harder, but
not straight. The third one draws a line across one side of Myka's mid
back and partway across the other side. Myka lets out a gasp that
causes Lisa to check her fourth stroke, and it barely leaves any mark.
And Kent calls time before Lisa gets in her last one.

Lisa holds Myka's hand as her markings are checked. When the judging is
done, the two girls stand off to one side of the others. Both have
tears in their eyes. Brandi and Marsha go over to comfort them.

Kent, Kate and Brent go over the results. Kent gets all the subs
together and facing away from them so that the markings can be compared
once more. Finally, the points are totaled up.

Kent: "Ok. In first place, with twenty three points, Peter and Sue!

"Second place with twenty one, The Major and Jane. Sam and Trish draw
eighteen points. Brandi and Marsha: Ten points. And Lisa and Myka:
Sorry guys. You've earned just six points.

"Some people aren't into the giving and receiving of pain, and that's
Ok. It's something that's not for everyone. But we've tried to make
these challenges so you each get a chance to do things that you might
not normally experience.

"Anyway, good try, survivers. Good work Peter, and Major. You can all
head back to camp, and I'll see you in a couple of days."

Sue is grinning on the way back to camp, even though her back is
hurting pretty bad. Peter resists the urge to put his arm around her
until he gets some skin cream rubbed on the red striped patch on her
back. Lisa is still upset over having to take the cane to her sub's
beautiful back, and there's tears in her eyes as she gently dabs some
of the cream on Myka's marks.

Myka: To Lisa. "It's Ok, Lisa. It doesn't hurt all that much."

Lisa: "I'm sorry, Myka. I tried not to hit so hard. I tried to just
make light marks so we'd get some points. I just couldn't do it."

Myka: "Don't worry about the points, Lisa. We'll make it up."

Lisa: "We'll have to."


[Roll credits.] [Split screen with credits, show points totals.]

Sam and Trish               68
The Major and Jane          65
Peter and Sue               62
Lisa and Myka               58
Brandi and Marsha           57


[Split screen.] Left side, picture of Kent Brockman on the island.
                Right side, Home Showcase studios, Burbank California.

[Sound:] A telephone conversation. Clicks and chirps are occasionally
heard as from a long distance call.

Kent: "I know, sir. This could escalate into a serious breach of the
rules."

Director of programming, Home Showcase: "I agree. I've watched the
footage you've sent from the hidden camera. We'll have to act quickly
on this one."

Kent: "What should we do?"

Director: "You're on top of the situation, Kent. I'll leave it to your
discretion."

Kent: "Thank you, sir. We'll handle it from here."

[END Episode 8.]


"Next time on Surviver:" "Miss Kate is called upon to mete out some
discipline to the two dommes, Lisa and Brandi. A late night visit is
arranged by Kent and Kate." [Show two persons garbed in yellow
raincoats approaching the shelter.] 

"And the subs get a little muddy. Again." [Clip of Myka, covered in mud
from her neck to her toes, exiting the mud pool.]

  - End of file -







 Episode  9.      SURVIVER          (C) dino 2001

[Start.]

[Voiceover and show scenes of island.] "We're down to five Dominant -
Submissive couples now. They've been stranded on this tiny South Seas
island for twenty five days. Every three days, the couples have to
compete against each other in two challenge competitions, for rewards,
and for points.

Just five more episodes of Surviver to go. Then, the couple with the
highest number of points will be leaving this island, taking with them
our grand prize of One Million Dollars.

"Last time on Surviver:" [Run clips as the host, Kent, speaks.]

"Our dominants get a chance to suffer through a challenge by themselves
when they're asked to stand on top of a post until they're forced to
drop out. Lisa wins the challenge after six and a half hours." [Show
scenes from the challenge.]

"One of the island's wild pigs makes a friend of Marsha, Brandi's
submissive." [Show Hector the pig following Marsha around.] "Although
the pigs had originally been brought to the island as food for the
challengers, since the group discovered Jim Brown's Chicken Farm on a
nearby island there has been no shortage of food for our survivers.

"The second challenge was for the dominants to take bamboo canes and
place five marks upon their submissive's backs. [Show clips of the
whipping challenge.] Lisa was quite reluctant at first to do this.
However after some coaching by Brandi, Lisa attempted the challenge.

[Show clip from remote camera as Kent speaks - clip of Lisa and Brandi
plotting to cooperate in the challenges and split the winnings.]
"Unfortunately, such cooperation amongst the challengers is strictly
forbidden in the rules of this game, and the girls both know it. The
program's directors have asked that we take action to nip this
conspiracy in the bud."


[Run Opening Title Sequence.]  [Episode Intro Sequence: 65 seconds.]


[End episode intro.]


[Title: DAY TWENTY FIVE. Evening, after the whipping challenge.]

The couples have returned to camp from the challenge and have eaten a
light supper. By nightfall, most of the subs have gone to bed along
with Lisa and Brandi. Peter, Sam, the Major, and Sue, are sitting
around the fire down on the beach.

The wind has picked up some, and lightning can be seen flashing far out
to sea. Occasionally the low rumblings of distant thunder can be heard
rolling across the island.

Sam: "Looks like we're in for some stormy weather."

Peter: "Sure seems to be heading this way."

Sue snuggles closer to her dominant, Peter. Even in the dim firelight,
the marks of the cane are visible on her back. Peter is careful not to
place his arm in the area of her back where he'd previously laid down
the tight pattern of five strokes from his cane.

Peter looks down and is caught in Sue's gaze looking up at him. She
inches her bum a bit closer to him, gently bumping his hip with hers a
couple of times.

Since the other five couples have left the island five days ago and the
competition has begun to heat up, there either hasn't been much time
for sex, or, after a rough challenge, Sue hasn't been in much of a mood
for it. However winning at the whipping challenge has given them both a
much needed lift, and now, Sue is making her intentions known.

Peter brings his hand up, gently brushing it across one of Sue's
nipples. Sue raises her hands to hold his against her breast. She lets
her wrist chain wind around Peter's wrist and she lets out a contented
little moan. Peter uses his other hand to stroke Sue's thigh.

Peter grasps Sue's chain and stands, hauling her up to her feet.

Peter: "We're going to take a walk and then call it a night, guys."

Sam: "Yeah, I guess I'll hit it too before the rain comes. Major?"

Major: "I'll be along shortly."

Sue: "Night, all."

Sam heads up to the shelter. The Major tosses a few branches on the
fire. Peter and Sue take a walk along the beach.

Peter: "How's your back?"

Sue: "Feel's Ok."

Peter brings his hand up under her hair to the place where the cane
slashed her. The skin there still feels warm to the touch. Peter can
feel the five slightly raised lines that he'd made.

Sue: "Owch."

Peter: "Poor sweety."

Sue squeezes his arm tighter. [Night vision camera follows them.]

The two walk down the beach, past where the boat is tied, until they
pass the place where the bushes reach the waterline. On the other side
of the bushes, Sue pulls Peter in and they go to their knees in the
sand. Sue takes hold of Peter's head, and she presses her lips to his
in a passionate kiss.

Peter breaks the kiss just long enough to raise Sue's wrist chain up
past her face and over her head. He brings the chain down her back,
trapping her hands at the sides of her head. Sue presses her body to
him as they resume the kiss, their tongues entwined inside Sue's
mouth.

[A second crewman with a night vision equipped camera arrives. A small
wireless microphone is placed near the two contestants. Then the two
camera operators retreat into the darkness to become as unobtrusive as
possible.]

Sue is breathing hard as she breaks the kiss. Lightning flashes
brightly as the two press their bodies closely together. Peter is still
holding Sue's chain tightly behind her back, with her hands pulled up
and back behind her head. Peter pats Sue's thigh, Sue spreads her knees
apart, and Peter feels the wetness beginning inside.

Sue moans at the touch so Peter probes in deeper. Thunder rumbles long
and low. Sue's vagina is burning hot and he inserts one finger, then
two, feeling inside her slippery warm tunnel. Sue flexes her muscles
down there, squeezing the fingers inside. Peter grins. His sub is
ready.

Peter lets go of Sue's wrist chain to ease himself down on his back on
the sand. Sue moves ahead to straddle his hips. Her ankle chain lays
softly across Peter's thighs, and Sue reaches down to feel his hard
length. She lifts herself up.

Peter reaches under her to make a slight adjustment. He takes her wrist
chain and flips it over his cock. Then he takes hold of himself to
stroke the tip through Sue's moist slit.

Sue steadies his hand and lowers herself on his length. When she
attempts to bring her hands up she finds them trapped at her pussy, her
wrist chain hooked around her dom's cock. Peter feels the tug of her
chain against him and he grins. Sue sees him smiling and she bends to
kiss him once more. Her hands get pressed between them.

Sue grinds her hips down on Peter with her hands trapped between their
tummies. Peter can feel her chain tugging against his cock and the
links pressing against him. It feels not unpleasant at all. Peter takes
hold of Sue's hips to raise her up a little so he can lift up his bum
to drive deeper inside. Sue responds by pressing herself down harder.
Her lips lose his while she takes in a deep breath, letting it out in a
shuddering moan.

Jagged lightning crackles across the sky, far off still, but nearer
than before. A few raindrops sprinkle down on the two people on the
beach. Yet their focus is on each other; they are oblivious to all
around them.

Peter relaxes back as Sue lifts herself up a little. She clenches her
muscles down there and lets herself sink back down. Sue raises up again
and, forgetting about the chain, she brings up her hands. Her wrist
chain pulls against Peter's cock making it slip from her grasping pussy
with a wet sounding plop. Sue has a hand on his chest and she quickly
reaches to fit it back in.

Peter: "Uh uh. No no no."

Sue: "Please. I have to touch you."

Peter stares at Sue in the gloomy light. Sue dutifully places the chain
back underneath her before replacing Peter's cock inside her. She leans
forward, her hands stuck between their bodies again, and she begins
rocking back and forth on him.

Sue's face is buried in Peter's shoulder. He gathers her hair up in
one hand to give it a tug. Sue turns her head and her lips find those
of her master, ready and waiting. They kiss, a long and sloppy kiss.
Sue is panting from her exertions and from the heat that's building in
them both.

Peter's hands are firmly on her hips now. He guides her motions. Each
time Sue rocks back, Peter's hips raise up, driving his big cock home.

One of the night vision cameras catches the eerie glow of two eyes, off
to the side, watching Sue and Peter fuck. Someone is crouched in the
nearby bushes. Lightning flickers and reflects off the girl's chains.
We see that the watcher in the bushes is Jane.

Peter and Sue's motions become more frenzied as they each rush towards
their peaks. Sand is lifted around them by a sudden breeze, but their
eyes are closed to the effects of the stinging grains. Lightning splits
the sky above them, near now and yet, to the two people making love on
the beach, the fury of nature around them is a million miles away.

Raindrops patter in the bushes nearby, drowning out Peter's low groan.
The orgasm he's been denied for days now is coming to a boil. Sue's
hands twitch against his belly causing the motion to be transmitted, by
her chain, to his balls and cock. Her other chain, the one linking her
ankles, shifts and slithers across his thighs. The links tinkle
brightly, adding the high notes to the symphony of the storm around
him.

Sue pauses on a downstroke to grind herself against him. She pulls with
her hands but they remain unmoving. Pinned between their flesh, held in
place by leather and steel.

Sue feels both chains under her now. The one that fixes her hands in
place, under her, and circling her. Circling Him. Links of steel
ringing the area where they both are joined. Links of chain pressing
on either side of her pubic bone when she rocks forward, just so.

And the one behind her, behind her bum. Touching her, caressing her
tailbone if she tilts her hips back slightly. Bouncing against her bum,
laying gently upon His thighs.

Held by leather and steel.

Twenty five days she's been held by her chains. Tiny hobbled steps,
hands held in front. Holding her chain at dinner so it doesn't upset
her cup, or dip in her food. Mindful of it when she brushes her hair so
it doesn't smack her in her face. Free to come and go, yet held, by
leather and steel.

She sees herself, a tiny chained creature, lost in the vastness of
nature.

He sees her, His tiny chained creature, held safe in his hands against
the wilderness around them.

Lightning rends the sky asunder as the clouds suddenly open up with a
torrential downpour. Peter feels the ground beneath him shaking as the
thunder rolls around them. His hips buck sharply up, driving himself
into his submissive. The tension is reaching unbearable levels.

Sue clamps down hard on the cock impaling her. Sue's vaginal muscles
ripple against his cock and the two orgasm together as one. Sue throws
her head back and her hair transcribes an arc up, then back, in stop
motion from the stroboscopic effect of the lightning. Droplets of water
sparkle all around her.

Sue slowly lowers her head and she nuzzles his neck. Her breath rolls
hot and heavy in his ear. Peter lets out a contented moan. His balls
are starting to hurt, and he reaches down to shift the chain around.
Sue moves her hands down a bit to give some slack, then he holds her
tight with an arm around her waist, his other hand tracing circles
on her bum.

Peter's hand slips down her thigh, around her knee, then back, along
her leg. His fingers touch a band of leather that encircles one ankle.
He slips a fingertip underneath to feel her skin, that narrow area
that's been hidden from view for these past many days. Lightning
crackles overhead, reflecting off two glowing orbs. Sue's eyes, looking
at him. She smiles, rain dripping off her nose.

Peter: "We'd better get back before it rains."

Sue laughs as she disentangles herself from him. She stands, then holds
out a hand to him and helps him up. Peter is covered in sand which the
rain is washing off as they walk, but he decides to go in for a quick
dip. Sue scoops up water to splash over him as they wade into the surf.

The Major is still up and sitting around the sputtering fire. Peter and
Sue approach him. He watches them.

Major: "Have a nice stroll?"

Peter is still breathing hard. Sue looks down and sees, in the light of
the flickering fire, the red flush on her chest. She feels it on her
face, too. Telltale signs of the recently fucked.

Peter: "What are you still doing out here?"

Major: "Thought I'd catch nature's show."

The three turn their heads when a flash of light stabs through the
downpour. Two headlights flicker and bounce as a Jeep makes it's way
along the beach from the direction of the production camp. The three
survivers stand still like deer in the headlights, as the Jeep
approaches the firepit, then stops. The lights go off. Three people
garbed in yellow raincoats get out.

Kent Brockman looks over the three dripping challengers. Miss Kate is
with him. She takes a lantern from the Jeep and switches it on. The
third person is carrying a plastic covered camera.

Kent: "Good evening, people. It's a bit wet out here."

Peter: "We were just ready to turn in. What's up?"

Kent: "Official business, I'm afraid. Are Lisa and Brandi up in the
shelter?"

Peter: "I think so."

Kent: He turns to Kate. "Let's go."

Two bright yellow raincoats make their way through the trees, followed
by the Major, Peter and Sue. The cameraman brings up the rear. Kent
carries something small that is wrapped in plastic. Kate has a black
leather satchel with her. They make the jungle clearing and pass by the
table to the front step of the shelter. Kent steps inside, followed by
Kate, then the others.

Major: "What's going on, Kent?"

Kent: "You'll find out soon enough."

Kent walks to the rear of the shelter where the four girls have their
room. He raps his knuckles on a nearby pole. Lisa looks up at the
sound.

Kent: "Lisa, and Brandi, could we see you two for a few minutes,
please?"

The two get up to stand in the doorway. Myka and Marsha look up.
Marsha's pet pig, Hector, stirs on Marsha's wrap dress in the corner of
the room.

Kate: "Outside, if you please."

Brandi: "But it's raining out there."

Kate: "Would you like an umbrella, my dear?"

Brandi: "Well, I. . . ."

Kate: "Well I didn't bring one. Outside!"

Kate leads the way through the shelter, outside, and to the camp table.
Kent motions to the two girls to sit up on top. At least the rain has
let up somewhat. Sam and Trish, who've been wakened by the commotion,
come out and gather around the group.

Kent begins to unwrap the parcel he's carrying. It's a video camera
with a small screen attached. He unfolds the screen and holds the
plastic over the camera so it won't get wet.

Kent: "I'd like you two to watch some footage shot yesterday by one of
the remote cameras."

Kent holds the camera so Lisa and Brandi can see. The others also
gather around. Kent pushes a button on the camera and the screen lights
up. Brandi lets out a gasp.

[Camera over Brandi's shoulder, viewing the tiny camcorder screen.] The
scene is Lisa and Brandi talking, standing near a big palm tree.


Lisa: "Say we both agreed that, for the challenges that we're able to,
us and our subs work together. Then at the end, when one of us wins the
money we split the prize."

Brandi: "Now, Lisa. You know that's against the rules. It was quite
clearly spelled out in all those papers we signed that couples can't
join forces or split any prize money."

Lisa: "Yeah, but who's to know? We don't have to tell anyone, and if
we're subtle about it, it should work."


Kent switches off the camcorder.

Brandi: "I told you there was a camera in those coconuts."

Kent: "Actually, it was mounted on a nearby tree.

"During the whipping challenge, Brandi, you were observed giving Lisa
some help in preparing for the contest. As you both know, it's against
the rules of this game for any of you to help another couple in the
challenges. Splitting any prize money is also strictly forbidden. Were
you not both informed of the rules before you came here? Brandi?"

Brandi: Her face is quite red. "Yes."

Kent: "And Lisa. Did you think that you could just ignore the rules and
do whatever you wanted out here?"

Lisa: "No, Sir."

Marsha and Myka are in shock, for they knew nothing of this little
conspiracy their dommes had cooked up. The Major is shaking his head.
To him, it's just another example of how untrustworthy homosexuals can
be. Sam and Peter and their subs are all looking disappointed that
someone would want to try and win the million by cheating at the rules.

Miss Kate: "Do either of you have anything to say?"

Brandi has already been rebuffed by Miss Kate over the umbrella thing.
She chooses to keeps silent. Lisa also thinks better of trying to talk
her way out of this one.

Lisa: "No, Mistress Kate."

Kate lets slip a tiny grin at Lisa's formally phrased answer. She
always finds it so rewarding when a purported dominant finds themselves
having to submit to her. Kate looks towards Kent, who nods.

Kate: "It's fortunate for you both that Brandi's help did you no good
whatsoever, Lisa. Despite her coaching, you still managed to fail
miserably in the whipping challenge. The question remains, however, as
to what to do with you two."

Kate pauses a moment to glare back and forth at the two girls. Then her
face suddenly brightens.

Kate: "Well now. I believe I have a solution to our little problem
right here in this bag."

Kate opens her little black bag and she reaches inside. She lifts out a
tangle of shiny steel handcuffs and leg shackles.

Kate: "Ladies? Please place your hands before you."

Kate sorts out the restraints and takes one pair of handcuffs. She
quickly snaps the cuffs around Lisa's wrists. She takes the second pair
and then does Brandi's.

Kate has the girls place their feet up on the table's bench and she
reaches for a set of shackles. They're standard police issue leg
shackles with an eighteen inch chain between them. Kate applies one set
to Brandi, the other pair to Lisa. The cuffs ratchet loudly as they
close about each girl's ankles. Kate uses the key to double lock all of
the cuffs. A low rumble of thunder rolls over the island as the girl's
fate is sealed.

Kate: "You'll be wearing this new jewelry for the next three days,
ladies. I guess you'll now be finding out what life is like on the
inside of the lock. Consider this a warning, all of you. If you're
thinking of bending the rules out here, think again. Next time, things
might not go so pleasantly."

Kate closes her satchel. Kent picks up the lantern.

Kent: "Have a good night, survivers. We'll see you in a few days."

With that, Kent and Miss Kate turn to go. The cameraman remains for a
moment as the group heads back inside the shelter. Lisa and Brandi walk
very awkwardly in their restraints.

[Go commercial.] / [Return.]

[Night cam, inside the shelter. Lisa and Brandi's room.] Rain drums on
the tarp covered roof making it difficult to hear what's being said.

Myka: "How did you ever think you could get away with bending the
rules, Lisa? They even know when you last took a crap out here!"

Marsha: "I'm sorry, mistress, but how could you agree to go along with
such a nutty scheme? They could have kicked all four of us off the
island. Wouldn't that have looked good."

Marsha has her pig in her arms and she's stroking it's back. Hector is
looking back and forth at the two ladies who had no chains, but now do.
Lisa is nervously sliding one cuff up and down her wrist.

Lisa: "Look. It seemed like a good idea at the time. Ok? Nobody had a
cow when Eddie swiped our boat from the production camp."

Myka: "That boat was to be ours as a reward in one of the challenges.
Eddie didn't take it to give himself an edge over the others, he took
it to help us all catch fish."

Brandi: "All right. Enough. Let's all just be thankful that this isn't
going to go any farther. Lisa and I will rattle around for a few days,
then it's done. Now, let's get some sleep."

Lisa and Brandi have problems getting comfortable, but after a while,
everyone is settled down for the night.

[Title: DAY TWENTY SIX.]

[Dawn, inside the shelter.] The Major is on his back and snoring
loudly. Jane is laying on her side, eyes open, watching him sleep.

Jane has not gotten much sleep, but it was not the storm outside raging
off and on throughout the night that had kept her awake. It was the
whirlwind of thoughts spinning uncontrollably inside her head that made
her toss and turn.

Jane tries to think back to a time before, to her life before the
Major. She tries to pierce the haze, to see past the face of the man
asleep beside her. She is unsuccessful.

She's seen the other couples here on the island. How they act and what
they like to do. She's watched the other dominants and how they treat
their partners. And she's seen the tenderness, the kind and loving
tenderness which they all have between them. That, which the Major and
she have none.

She watched them on the beach last night while looking for her master.
To see if he was wanting anything, she heard them. Near the bushes
where the boat was tied she saw, Peter and Sue, and that proud display
of loving tenderness. There isn't any doubt with those two, who is
master and who submits. It's deeper than the chains she wears. A word,
or two, and she complies with his wishes. Sometimes it's just a glance,
and she knows what she's to do.

No, "Do this, then this, and finally do that." They are distinctly
separate as master and slave, yet, together they are as one. One
handles and guides and protects. One sees to the other's needs. Each
knows their place and each plays out their roles, without effort,
without so much as a thought.

She watched them on the beach last night while the two were making
love. The two of them, together as one. She's watched the others too,
how they act and what they like to do. It is the way it's suppose to
be. Not this sham of she, and of Him.

Jane looks at the man asleep beside her. He snorts and smacks his lips.
She watches as his flaccid cock gives a tiny twitch. A slight
disturbance in amongst that nest of gray hairs. He'll waken soon and
then, begins another day. She'll watch the others and how they act. The
way that she has none.

Jane holds her chain as she rises so it won't tinkle. She keeps her
ankle chain taught so it doesn't drag on the floor. She gives a glance
to his shorts, carelessly tossed to the side. To the knife that's on
his belt. "One of these days, Mister Major, Sir," she thinks. "One of
these days." Silently she slips outside.

Jane's feet land in a muddy puddle at the bottom of the shelter steps.
She looks around the camp and frowns. Everything's soaking wet. There's
puddles on the ground and the trees are dripping water.

[Camera follows.] Jane turns toward the direction of the toilet and
heads off through the jungle. At the latrine she sits down on the rough
seat to pee. Jane looks up into the camera. She stares at the lens for
a few moments, almost ready to say something.

[We see the face of a girl who looks very lost and confused. She's
fingering the steel ring around her neck and she almost starts to
speak, but it's like there's someone behind her telling her not to.]

Jane reaches for a roll of toilet paper that's been left there. It's
soaking wet and comes apart at her touch. She stands, shaking the
sticky pulp off her fingers, then turns to go.

Near the shelter she sees her dom stepping down into the mud puddle.
The Major sees her, and notices the camera following her. Jane stands
to the side of the trail to allow the Major to pass.

Major: To Jane. "Go down to the beach and start your morning workout.
I'll be along presently."

Jane: "Yes, Sir."

The Major gives the camera another glance, then heads off to the
toilet.

Sue and Trish step out from the shelter. There's a pile of dry wood and
grass, bark and stuff, just inside the door, and Peter and Sam each
pick out an armful to get a fire going. Once the fire's burning, Trish
puts a pot of water on to heat. Trish spent some time last night
squeezing the juice from some fruit, so there's a half a jug of fresh
juice to drink while waiting for the coffee to be ready.

The Major passes through camp on his way to the beach. Marsha and Myka
have woken up, and they join the group at the table. They each find
their coconut shell cups and help themselves to some of the juice. They
both raise their cups to Trish in thanks, for making the delicious
drink.

Trish: "How's Lisa and Brandi taking to their new status?"

Marsha: "What do you mean?"

Trish: "Well, they're both chained up like us subs now. That's gotta be
hard for a dominant to take."

Myka: "I don't think Lisa got much sleep last night."

Marsha: "Brandi was pretty restless too."

Peter: "Serves them right for trying something so dumb. It's lucky that
you all didn't get kicked off the island."

Sam: "Let's just hope that they don't decide to punish all us doms with
some nasty challenges."

Trish: "Better you than me."

Sam's hand flies towards Trish and he gives one of her nipples a
playful pinch.

Trish: "Owch!"

A little later on, with a rattle of chains, the two girls, Lisa and
Brandi, negotiate the two steps down from the shelter. They steal a
glance to the group around the table watching them, then they head off
towards the toilet. Both have a tough time with their ankle chains
catching on rocks and roots along the way.

The Major and Jane join the group with some fruit they've found in the
jungle. Lisa and Brandi return from the latrine. Marsha pours them some
juice. Lisa takes her cup between her hands, looking guiltily around at
everyone.

Lisa: "I would like to apologize to everyone for trying to cheat at the
game. I didn't think far enough ahead to realise that it would hurt all
of you, and I'm sorry."

Major: "Sorry that you got caught at it."

A sudden flash of anger crosses Lisa's face, but it passes just as
quickly. For once, she feels that the Major may be right.

Lisa: "My actions not only jeopardized my chances at winning, but also
Brandi's. I made an error in judgement, and I hope that you all can
forgive me."

Sam is looking at the two dommes, chained in a similar way like all the
subs are. He has a big smile on his face that Lisa finally notices.

Lisa: "Find something funny, Sam?"

Sam: "The balance of nature has been restored. All of the women on the
island are in chains."

Sam takes off running as Lisa moves to chase him down. Lisa's ankle
chain snaps up tight causing the hard steel shackles to dig painfully
into her ankles. She decides the better of trying to give Sam a whack,
and she sits down at the table.

Peter: "All right, Lisa. Since really there's been no harm done, I
think we should put this incident behind us and get on with the game.
Major?"

The Major also has a trace of a smile from seeing Lisa chained like she
is.

Major: "Don't think I won't be keeping an eye on you, Lisa, and it's
not just because I think you look better in chains. Although I really
think that you do. I plan on winning the million fair and square, and
if I think you're trying to gain an advantage over us, I'll move to
have you thrown off this island. Do you read me?"

Lisa: "Don't worry, Major. You can watch me and Myka win all of the
next challenges and walk past you carrying the million."

Major: "Good."

That settled, the group finally has their breakfast of fruit. Since
this is their day off from the challenges, after they've eaten, the
couples drift off to different places to spend some time relaxing.

Sam and Trish go check the mail. Inside the mail tube they find the
current points totals, and a note informing them that the next day's
challenge will be held in the early morning, at the mud pool.

Trish: "Could be another endurance thing like the post stand."

Sam: "Let's hope it's for you and not me this time."

Trish moves towards him but Sam is ready. His hand is up and he's
making a pinching motion with his finger and thumb. Trish grins, then
moves closer still. She brings one breast to where his hand is and
offers up her nipple to the pinch.

Sam pulls his sub into a hug. The two kiss for a moment, then stand
holding each other and looking out to sea.

Peter and Sue take the boat out to try their luck at catching some
fish. They head straight East, looking for another good fishing spot.
Out past the reef and they find a channel where the water's deep. They
both toss out some lines and, despite only having bugs for bait, they
manage to catch a few nice Sea Bass.

The Major finds himself a comfortable spot down on the beach in the
shade and he settles in for a long day of doing nothing. Jane is with
him at first, but later on as the Major dozes she gets up to go for a
walk. She goes off alone, then returns to him, bringing him something
to drink, or some fruit to eat. The Major mostly ignores her throughout
the day, letting her come and go as she pleases.

Lisa and Brandi in their shackles and cuffs, finally make it to the
beach. You'd think that the longer chain between their ankles would
give them an easier time of it than the subs have, but no. Having more
chain dragging along the ground as they walk just means more chance of
snagging it on rocks along the rough jungle trails. Besides, the subs
are all used to their chains by now, and they know where all the roots
and rocks stick up. The two dommes are new to this.

Also, the hard metal shackles aren't flexible like the sub's leather
cuffs are, and they're are much less comfortable for the girls to wear.
Having their hands cuffed closely together makes things even more
difficult for them. By the time they've made it to the beach, they both
have sore ankles and are pissed off. Brandi and Lisa lay down on the
sand and prepare to do as little as possible for the rest of the day.

Jane helps Myka cook the fish that Peter and Sue caught. Most of the
group has lunch at the campsite table, but three meals are delivered
down to the beach. The Major is content to remain where he is, and the
girls can't be bothered making the effort to struggle back to camp.

Towards evening, Sam, along with Trish, Jane and Myka, scour the tide
pools for clams. A fire is made on the beach, and a pot of rice is
cooked along with a big pot of water to boil the clams. As the sun sets
on the other side of the island, washing the clouds above them in reds
and golds, the group has their dinner.

With the threat of the next day's challenge being another long one, the
contestants call it an early night.

[Title: DAY TWENTY SEVEN.]

The Major is up early with a bamboo fishing pole and he catches a few
fish for breakfast. There's some leftover rice from last night, and
some fruit makes up the meal.

Lisa and Brandi had trouble getting to sleep in their cuffs and
shackles, but their subs managed to make things all right. The giggling
and squeals kept the others up too, until a chorus of, "Knock it off!",
from the doms and led by the Major quietened things down a bit.

The mood of the group is subdued as they eat their breakfast.
Everyone's attention is on getting through the next challenge.

After the meal, the contestants take the trail through the jungle to
the volcanic mud pool where the challenge is to be held. Marsha's pet
pig tags along, now with more people in chains to get underfoot of.
Lisa and Brandi lag far behind the others as they struggle to walk in
the leg shackles. The others reach the area and then wait for the two
dommes to catch up.

Kent and Brent stand at the edge of the mud pool watching a crewman
with a rake stir up the mud so that the pool is nice and muddy. At the
jungle's edge, hanging from five trees, are five rope hoists. Under
each one is a chair with two small rubber balls beside it and a pair of
curious looking boots on the seat. Each chair has a sign taped to it,
on each, one of the subs names. The doms look relieved.

When Lisa and Brandi finally reach the area, Kent explains the
challenge.

Kent: "Ok, challengers. Here's the deal. The boots on each chair are
sized to fit each submissive. That's why your names are on the chairs.
You'll sit on the chairs and put the boots on your feet.

"Once you all have them on and buckled up tight, we'll begin the
challenge. What you'll do is this. You'll pick up the two rubber balls,
one in each hand. Then you'll go down into the mud pool and get all
muddy from your neck down.

"The rubber balls have to remain in your hands at all times during this
challenge. If you drop one, or let go, you're out.

"Now, after you climb out of the pool you'll lay down on the ground
under one of the rope hoists. The boots all have small rings in the
bottoms and your dom will fit a hook through each one, then attach them
to the hoist. Then your dom will pull you up into the air so you're
hanging upside down off the ground.

"Simple enough? Right, let's get to it."

None of the subs look happy, but they each go to the chair with their
name on it. The boots are blue, made from hard plastic and are somewhat
like ski boots. They are padded on the inside, and the row of buckles
up the top and around the ankle hold the foot firmly inside. The subs
have to push their ankle cuffs up their legs to fasten the top buckles.

Kent: "Everyone ready? Pick up the balls, the challenge starts now."

The subs take a ball in each hand. The balls are solid, hard rubber,
coloured orange. They're a little over two and a half inches in
diameter - the size of a tennis ball. Each sub moves towards the mud
pool and finds it very awkward walking in the stiff boots after having
gone around the island barefoot for so long.

Sue nearly tumbles over the edge when she starts down the slope to the
pool. The hard boots have no give to them and her ankles won't flex
properly.

Kent: "Take your time, girls. If you drop one of your balls, you're
out."

The subs ease their way down the muddy slope and into the muddy pool of
water.

Kent: "Dip down so you're covered in mud from your neck down."

When each girl stands up, they are covered in the sticky gray mud. They
start back up the slope. Trish's boots slip out from under her and she
goes down hard on her face. Her two rubber balls both pop out from
between her slippery fingers and fly off in opposite directions.

Trish: She spits out mud. "Fuck!"

Kent: "Sorry, Trish. You're the first one out."

Sam goes to the edge and gives Trish a hand getting up the slope. Trish
is upset, but then she sees Sam smiling at her. She looks down at
herself, covered in mud, and she starts to laugh. Sam looks at Kent.

Sam: "Does this mean I don't get to hang her upside down?"

Kent: "Sorry, Sam. I guess you'll have to wait until you get home to
try it."

The remaining four subs carefully make their way up the slippery slope
to where the ropes are hanging. Marsha's bum hits the ground hard as
she awkwardly tries to sit on the ground under the hoist. Hector comes
to her and sticks his nose against her muddy thigh. He snorts and
shakes his head.

Brent and Kent give the doms a hand to fasten the hooks from the hoists
to their sub's boots. As the doms begin to pull on the ropes, Kent and
Brent check to make sure that the rigging is correct. Then, each
dominant hoists their sub up off the ground.

Hector watches, seemingly horrified, as Marsha is lifted off the ground
by Brandi. The little pig backs up, then looks, then backs up again,
finally turning to flee into the jungle. Marsha's head drags along the
ground as she's hoisted up higher. Mud starts to drip onto her face.

Brent: "The sub's hands have to be at least a foot off the ground."

Four mud covered submissives hang upside down from trees. The doms wind
the ropes around the tree trunks a couple of times and tie them off.

Kent: "If you'd like to bring the chairs over here and have a seat, we
can wait and see who will be next to drop out."

Kent and Brent find a log and sit down. The doms bring the chairs over
and join them. Sam takes his seat, with Trish sitting on the ground
beside his chair. Peter crosses his legs. The Major places his chair
near a tree trunk so he can lean back against it. Brandi and Lisa are
rubbing their sore ankles under the shackles.

The four subs hang upside down and wait.

Blood is pounding inside Sue's head and she's feeling a headache coming
on. She relaxes her grip on the two balls a bit and finds that the mud
is drying and helping to hold her hands closed around them. Her hair
hangs down past her hands to the ground.

Myka's hair is long enough to form a small pile on the ground below her
hands. She notices that the mud has stopped dripping off her body now
that it has begun to dry. She moves her hands apart to snap the heavy
mud off her wrist chain.

Marsha tries to wipe some mud from her eyes with her muddy hands but
only manages to smear more mud on her face. She looks at the two mud
covered orange balls in her hands, then lets her arms fall back down
over her head.

Jane hangs easy from her rope. For her, there's really nothing else to
do but wait the others out. She's experienced hanging upside down
before; it's one of the Major's many forms of punishment when he thinks
she's been naughty. The boots she has on give good, even support all
around her feet. Not at all like the rough jute ropes that the Major
often uses on her. There will be no pulling prickly fibres from the
skin around her ankles after this session.

The others sit and wait.

Kent: "So, guys, how's the food supplies holding out?"

Sam: "Well, we're starting to get low on a lot of things. The coffee's
running out, and that could be a big problem."

The Major opens one eye.

Kent: "A few days ago, I think it was you, Lisa, you were wishing for
some flour to make bread. Since this day's challenge is traditionally a
reward challenge, I think that we could part with some supplies from
the production camp. How does that sound?"

Peter: "That would be great, Kent."

Kent: "There's fourteen more days to go in the game. Two more weeks. I
think a few boxes of groceries would be in order."

Trish: "Some fresh vegetables? Some real potatoes?"

Sam: "Flour to make bread? Coffee and tea?"

Kent: "Flour and yeast, coffee and sugar, a big box of veggies. We'll
make a list after the challenge. Ok?"

Brandi: "Thank you, Kent."

The Major closes his eye again and shifts his butt on the chair a bit.
He wonders what they'll have to do to pay for the groceries.

[Superimpose time on screen: 48 Minutes.]

Marsha is flexing her thighs and her tummy. The dried mud on her has
flaked off in a few places. Her mouth is closed in a grimace. Myka
notices the other girl's discomfort.

Myka: "Marsha. What's the matter?"

Marsha: "I have to go pee."

Myka: "That could certainly be a problem."

Marsha: "Yeah, I know. But I really have to go."

Myka: "Can't you hold on? We're going to get dehydrated as it is if
this goes on a long time."

Marsha squirms and twists at the end of the hoist. As Myka watches, the
remaining mud in Marsha's crotch area takes on a darker colour. The
darker area spreads down Marsha's tummy and down (up?) Marsha's chest.

A small river of muddy piss begins to pick up speed, heading down
Marsha's front and aiming for her face. A few drops land on her chin
and she tilts her head up to see. Muddy piss flows between her breasts
to dribble into her mouth.

Marsha: "Ugh! Akkk! AAAAA!!"

Marsha brings her hands to her face to try and stem the flow of urine
soaked mud running into her nose and eyes. One of her rubber balls
lands on the ground with a plop, followed soon after by the other.
Marsha frantically wipes off her face while spitting out mud.

Kent and Brent have noticed the commotion and stand, looking.

Brent: "It looks like Marsha is out."

Kent: "Sorry, Brandi. It's Ok, don't get up. We'll get her down for
you."

Brent holds Marsha while Kent unties the rope. He slowly lowers her
down to the wet ground. Kent unhooks the ropes from under her boots,
while Brent wipes his hands on his shorts. Marsha moves away from the
puddle she's made before removing the boots from her feet.

Kent checks on the other three girls. He bends down to look at Sue's
face. Between the blotches of mud on her face, her skin looks very red.

Kent: "Are you Ok, Sue?"

Sue: "I'm feeling a bit woozy, but I think I'm Ok."

Kent: He stands. "These three remaining contestants start earning
points now. The next to drop out gets ten, then fifteen, and the winner
gets twenty. Good luck, ladies."

The crewman who'd raked up the mud pool at the start of the challenge,
returns with two jugs of water drawn from the well in the jungle.
Brandi takes one and uses some water to rinse off Marsha's face and
chest area. Trish washes some mud off her hands and face. The other jug
is passed around, and everyone has a drink. All except for the three
remaining girls that is, hanging upside down and coated with mud.

[Superimpose time on screen: 1 Hour, 51 Minutes.]

Myka is raising her body up horizontal to stretch her back and thigh
muscles. She hooks her two hands through her ankle chain to hold
herself in position for a while. She could piss like this, and it
wouldn't dribble all down her like it did Marsha. But she doesn't have
to pee. Myka carefully lets her ankle chain slip past her hands so she
doesn't lose hold of the balls clasped in her fingers. She lowers
herself down, to hang for a while longer.

[Camera zooms in to Myka's left thigh.] Myka doesn't feel it on her
until it reaches a patch of skin on her inner thigh where the mud has
flaked off. She feels a tickling down there. (Up there?) She tilts her
head to look. A big, really big, black, hairy, disgusting spider is
perched two inches from her pussy and is staring back at her.

Myka: "AAAIIIEEEE!!!"

Myka's rubber balls go flying as she wildly bats the spider off her
leg. She's still screaming, twisting and shaking at the end of her
rope.

Lisa and Kent both leap up. The Major rocks his chair forward as his
eyes pop open. Lisa's ankle shackle chain snaps tight when she tries to
run, and Kent reaches Myka first. He holds the girl to try and calm her
down.

Kent: "What is it, Myka?"

Myka: "It. It. It. . . ."

Myka is pointing to her thigh. Kent looks, but sees nothing there.

Myka: "Spider. Big. Motherfucking, spider."

Brent helps lower the frightened girl. Sam has the water jug and Lisa
pours some on Myka's thigh where she's rubbing it. She scrubs off the
mud, then rinses it away. Kent examines Myka's thigh closely.

Kent: "It's Ok, Myka. Calm down. There's no puncture marks, so it
didn't bite you. You'll be all right."

A shaking Myka is helped to the circle of chairs and allowed to sit for
a while. The two remaining challengers, Jane and Sue, closely inspect
their rope hoists for anything crawling down towards them.

[Superimpose time on screen: 2 Hours, 23 minutes.]

Jane is looking at Sue. The doms and the other girls are chatting with
Kent and Brent and seem oblivious to her and Sue still hanging, covered
in mud, upside down.

Sue's eyes are closed and she hasn't moved for perhaps twenty minutes
now. Jane softly calls to her so the others don't hear.

Jane: "Sue. Sue?"

No response.

Sam is saying something to Peter. Peter laughs loudly. The Major seems
to be asleep in his chair. Jane is getting worried about Sue.

If anything ever happened to her, she wouldn't be able to live with
herself, knowing that she could have done something about it. Jane
flexes the fingers of her left hand and feels the mud between them
crack and crumble. She squeezes her rubber ball.

Jane decides to act. She'll have to make it look good, or she'll be
sure to catch hell over this. She brings her left hand up and flexes
her fingers again. She gives her hand a shake, making her chain jingle,
hoping it looks like she just has a cramp in her hand, or something.

Jane moves her hand up and down a few times. Then, she relaxes her
fingers and she feels the ball slip from her grasp. She fakes an effort
to catch it, and the ball lands on the ground underneath her.

Jane looks towards the others. She sees Brent looking at her. Brent
stands, and says something to Kent. The two start towards where she and
Sue are hanging.

Kent sees the ball on the ground under Jane, and his words ring loudly
in her ears.

Kent: "Jane has dropped one of her balls. We have our winner! Peter and
Sue take first place with twenty points!"

Brent is helping Kent lower Jane. Peter has Sue's hands in his and he's
trying to peel her muddy fingers off the rubber balls.

Peter: "Sue! Sue! We won!"

Sue's eyes weakly flicker open.

Sue: "Wh. . . what. . . ?"

Peter: "You won the challenge, baby. Congratulations."

Sue: "Challenge?"

Peter lifts Sue's body up.

Peter: "Sam. Help me get her down."

Sam unties the rope and slowly lowers Sue. Peter holds her body and
gently eases her onto the ground. Sue's body is flat on the ground now
and she remains unmoving. Her head turns weakly to one side.

Peter: "Sue? Sue?"

Trish: "I'll get the water."

Brent moves in and feels Sue's brow. He takes one of her hands in his.
Moving her wrist cuff up a little, he checks the girl's pulse.

Brent: "Her forehead's hot and her hands are clammy. Her heart is
racing a mile a minute. Here, pour a little water in my hand."

Trish pours some water into Brent's open hand. Brent lets a few drops
dribble into Sue's mouth and over her forehead. Sue makes a small moan.

Brent lets a trickle of water flow over Sue's face and neck. He scrubs
some of the mud off her and then lets a bit more water dribble over her
face. Sue gasps and opens her eyes. She tries to focus on the eleven
faces around her.

Sue: "Wha. . . what happened?"

Brent: "Easy now, Sue. We think you may have passed out for a few
moments."

Sue makes a smacking sound with her mouth. Brent has his fingers on her
wrist again.

Brent: "Peter, give her a little water. Slowly. Her heartbeat is
beginning to return to normal now."

Peter helps Sue into a sitting position. He tilts the jug of water to
her lips. Sue takes a small drink. Peter uses some water to wipe some
more of the mud off her face.

The colour of Sue's face looks better now and she's sitting up on her
own, taking small sips of the water. Brent checks her pulse again. He
gives a nod and a small smile to Peter.

Peter: To Sue. "You Ok, honey? You had us worried there for a moment."

Sue: "I think I'm Ok. Who won the challenge?"

Kent: "You did, Sue. It may have been fortunate that it ended when it
did. I feel that I should apologize to you, for not keeping a closer
eye on you. I did notice at the beginning that you seemed to be in some
distress. I should have followed up on that. I'm sorry."

Sue: "Thank you, Kent, but I'm sure someone would have noticed sooner
or later."

Brent: "It's good that it wasn't later. You could have gotten yourself
into some serious trouble if we hadn't got you down when we did. We'll
let you get your strength back, then we'll help you back to camp."

Kent: "I'll have the camp doctor meet us there to look you over."

Sue: "No, really. I don't want to be any trouble."

Kent: "It's no trouble. We'll send you the bill when we get back home."

Sue looks to Peter. Peter looks at Kent. Kent flashes a grin, and Peter
and Sue laugh.

Myka gives Sue a hand getting her boots off. One of the crew has gone
and refilled the water jugs, and the subs use some to wash some of the
mud off themselves. Sue is helped over to the shady spot where the
chairs are, but she's already feeling much better now.

The conversation turns to food, and a grocery list is made up. With
Kent feeling despondent over the near disaster of the challenge, he
becomes very agreeable to supplying the challengers with just about
everything they ask for.

After about an hour of resting under the trees around the mud pool, the
group starts back to camp. The subs are itching to get the mud washed
off themselves. Sue is nearly back to her old self, and Peter holds her
hand as they make their way along the jungle trail. The group passes
through their camp and then heads down to the beach for a wash.

At the beach a Jeep is parked, and the production camp doctor is
waiting for Sue. He gives her a quick look before letting her go in to
wash off the mud. Then, when she gets out, the doctor has her sit in
the shade while he checks her over.

The doctor looks at Sue's records as he checks her blood pressure and
looks in her eyes and ears. He has her stand on a small bathroom scale.

Doctor: "Your pressure is a bit low, which isn't a bad thing. You've
gained a few pounds since we've started the game. I guess they've been
feeding you well out here."

Sue is given a clean bill of health and advised to take it easy for the
rest of the day. Sam and Trish take the boat over to Chicken Island for
some eggs for lunch and three big chickens for supper. Towards evening,
when the chickens are roasting over the fire, Kent drives up with the
grocery delivery. Boxes and bags are unloaded and carried up to camp.
The food is stored on the high covered shelf in the camp kitchen area.

A bottle of spicy barbecue sauce makes the chicken a delight, and fresh
bread, and a fresh tomato and cucumber salad makes the meal complete.
After supper, the Major finds Jane sitting alone on the beach. He sits
down on the sand beside her.

The Major is quiet at first, and Jane nervously glances at him a few
times. Finally, he speaks his mind.

Major: "By my reckoning, we've been consistently in second place these
past few challenges. Do you know who remembers the guy who places
second in a race?"

Jane knows the answer to this one. It's been drummed into her head
countless times.

Jane: "No one, Sir."

Major: "That's right."

The Major sits quietly for a while longer before speaking again.

Major: "I like Peter. I could almost respect him. He strikes me as
someone you could count on in a battle to get the job done. But the
name of this game is the strongest survive, and if the weak have to get
pushed aside, so be it."

The Major watches Jane to gauge her reaction. He notes as her eyes
flicker to his face, before turning down again to the sand before her.
The Major stands, and leaves Jane alone. Her head turns to watch him
go. With a sinking feeling she thinks, "He knows."

[Go commercial.] / [Return.]

[Title: DAY TWENTY EIGHT.]

Lisa tries to stretch her arms but finds her hands locked in handcuffs.
She rolls over on her side to see Brandi awake too, and looking at her.
Brandi moves her hands apart quickly, snapping the handcuff chain
tight. She gives Lisa an icy stare.

Lisa: Quietly. "Ok. It was a dumb idea."

Brandi: "Next time you get one, count me out."

Lisa: "Hey. You went along with it. You could have chosen not to."

Brandi rolls her eyes and rolls over onto her back. She brings her
hands up over her head.

Brandi: "Well it did seem like a good idea at the time. I'm in last
place now after Marsha's pissing all over herself."

Brandi feels Marsha stirring beside her. She turns her head and watches
as her sub wakes up.

Brandi: "Morning, Marsha."

Marsha: "Good morning, mistress. Did you sleep well?"

Brandi: "Oh, sure. Just peachy."

Trish and Sue make up a batch of pancake batter using flour and baking
soda and milk powder and a few eggs left over from yesterday. A jar of
strawberry jam tops off the stacks of golden brown, down home good
pancakes.

Peter and the Major go check the mail. There's a note saying to report
to the large clearing in the afternoon, and a tan coloured cowboy hat
is hanging over the mail tube. On top of the box underneath are two
lengths of rope. One is long with a loop at one end. One rope is
shorter, about four feet long. They bring the items back to camp, and
everyone speculates on what the challenge is.

Sam: "A cowboy hat? These ropes are like those used to rope calves."

Trish: "Gee. I wonder who gets to be the baby cows."

After a lunch of canned soup and tomato sandwiches, the group heads off
to the big clearing in the jungle and the site of their next challenge.
It's quite a hike, especially for Brandi and Lisa wearing the
uncomfortable ankle shackles, and, as before, everyone has to wait
around for them to catch up.

Miss Kate is there and she tsk-tsk's at the two chained domme's late
arrival. But she produces a key from a pocket of her leather mini dress
and she quickly frees Lisa and Brandi from their restraints. The girls
are relieved to finally be rid of the cuffs and shackles.

The challengers gather around Kent, who's wearing a cowboy hat. Two
lengths of rope lay at his feet like the ones Peter and the Major found
at the mail tree.

Kent: "Welcome. What we have is a calf roping challenge. Of course we
all know who will be the cowboys, or cowgirls, and who are the calves.

"For this challenge I thought we'd mix things up a bit. We're going to
be switching the subs around with different partners to see who gets to
rope who. Doing this challenge with your own partner won't work because
there's two ways to score points here.

"The sub will get a five second head start to run away. Sure, you won't
get far with your ankles chained, but that's Ok. After the five
seconds, the dominant gets to chase you down. The dom will try to toss
the rope over you. Once the rope goes over your head, past your face,
you're caught. Doms, you don't have to pull the rope tight. Once it's
over the sub, she has to lay down on her side. Everyone got that?

"Now when the sub goes down, the dom moves in and quickly hogties her.
When the sub's wrists and ankles are secure, then stand up with your
hands in the air and Kate will stop her watch. Kate is going to time
the event and you'll have twenty seconds to catch and tie the sub.

"Each dominant starts out with twenty points. Every second you take
catching and tying the sub is a point that you lose. For the subs,
every second that you elude the dom trying to rope you is a point that
you'll gain, up to a maximum of twenty. The points for the doms and
subs go towards each couple's total score, and we'll run through the
event twice today. A dom or sub that has a bad first run might get a
better score the second time around.

"Now, could you all stand in a line with your submissive in front of
you?"

Kent looks at the lineup of challengers. Lisa is at one end, to Kent's
left. Next is Brandi, then Peter, then Sam. The Major is at the other
end, to Kent's right. Kent reaches into his pocket and pulls out a
coin.

Kent: "Heads, the subs shift to my right." Kent points. "Tails and they
all shift left. Ready?"

Kent flips the coin into the air and catches it in one hand. He flips
it over onto the back of his other hand and he lifts his hand off it.
Kent looks, then holds the coin out to those close by to see.

Kent: "Tails. Take a step to my left, your right, ladies.

Myka steps forward as Marsha takes her place in front of Lisa. At the
direction of Kent, Myka walks past him towards the other end of the
line. Kent watches as the pretty Asian girl passes in front of him.

The Major's eyes visibly light up as he sees Myka approaching him. She
takes her place in front of him where Jane had been standing. Myka
gives her head a tiny flip as she turns before the Major, and her hair
brushes against his arms. His eyes briefly flicker down her back, down
that cascade of thick, long, black hair.

Kent: "Ok. I guess we're ready. Lisa, would you and Marsha like to go
first?"

Lisa and Marsha step forward. Lisa accepts the cowboy hat which Kent is
holding out to her. She places the hat on her head and tightens the
chin strap. Kent hands Lisa the long lasso and the short piece of rope
for tying the submissive.

Kent: "Now Marsha, I'll ask that you step through your wrist chain so
your hands can be tied behind you."

Marsha bends down to step through her chain. She rises with her hands
slightly behind her and her wrist chain stretched below her bum. Kent
places his hand on her shoulder.

Kent: "Now. When I raise my hand off you, Marsha, you start running and
Miss Kate will start the clock. After five seconds she'll call out, and
you, Lisa, will take off. Toss the lasso over the submissive, she'll
lay down, and you tie her hands and feet. Got it?"

Lisa: "Got it. Sir."

Kent: He gives Lisa a glance and a smile. "Ready? Set? GO!"

Marsha takes off running as fast as she can in her ankle hobble. She
gets nearly a twenty foot lead before Miss Kate calls time to Lisa. She
runs after Marsha with the lasso twirling over her head.

Lisa throws and Marsha tries to duck, but the rope comes down over her
head. Marsha stops and lays down as Lisa closes the distance. Lisa
falls to her knees beside her. She grabs Marsha's hands and brings them
together. Quickly, she gets the rope around both wrists and she makes a
knot, pulling it tight. Lisa reaches for Marsha's ankle chain to haul
her feet up to her bum.

Lisa bats Marsha's foot into place so her ankles are crossed, and she
holds her feet in place. She loops the rope around the sub's ankles. A
fast knot, and Lisa stands with her hands raised.

Kent: "Stop the time!"

Kate: She clicks the stopwatch. "Eleven seconds, Kent."

Kent: "Good time, Lisa. So, that's nine points for Lisa, eleven for
the couple of Marsha and Brandi. Brandi and Sue? You're up next."

Lisa unties Marsha and they return to the starting area. Sue steps up
to Kent and she bends down to step through her wrist chain. Lisa hands
the cowboy hat to Brandi, who puts it on. Kent looks at Sue.

Kent: "How are you feeling today, Sue. You up to this challenge?"

Sue: "Thank you for asking, Sir. I feel fine today. I don't know why I
felt so weak yesterday, but I'm ready to go now."

Kent: "Great."

Brandi takes the two ropes and puts the short one between her teeth to
hold it. She coils the long one up neatly in her hands and holds the
loop at the ready. Kent places his hand on Sue's shoulder.

Kent: "Ready? Set? GO!"

Sue takes off running, followed by Brandi five seconds later. Sue fakes
left and goes right. Brandi's throw misses the mark. She quickly
gathers in her rope and tosses it back towards Sue. This time it lands
over Sue's head.

Sue lays down as Brandi quickly moves in. Brandi uses one leg to bring
Sue's feet up at the same time as she ties her wrists. Then, Sue's
ankles are quickly lashed together. Brandi jumps up.

Kent: "Time!"

Brandi's time is thirteen seconds. Thirteen points for Peter and Sue,
seven for Brandi and Marsha. Sue is untied and the next team steps up,
Peter and Trish.

Peter: "Can I tie a slip knot in the short rope first, Kent?"

Kent: "That would probably make it easier for you to get the sub's
hands bound. Not this time, Peter, but we'll try it like that on the
next go around. Ok?"

Trish gets a good lead over Peter before he gets the call to go. Peter
sprints after Trish who's nearly thirty feet out into the clearing.
Trish tries to dive left, but Peter is prepared for that. He tosses
the lasso and it falls neatly over Trish's head and shoulders.

Peter grabs hold of Trish's ankle chain as he's going down. He holds
her feet up with his shoulder as he's lashing her wrists together. He
brings the rope back around her ankles and ties them off. Peter raises
both hands and stands. Ten seconds even.

Jane has the moves, and she ducks and rolls, causing Sam to miss on his
first throw. Jane leaps up and takes off the other way. Sam misses
again when Jane springs to one side. But Sam flips the lasso over, and
it catches her before she can run off again. Jane struggles when Sam is
trying to tie her feet, and he has to overpower the girl to get her
secured. Sam's time is eighteen seconds.

Kent: "That's just two points for you, Sam. Eighteen for the Major and
Jane."

The Major and Myka are next. The Major smiles as Myka steps through her
wrist chain. Kent takes a moment to arrange the girl's hair under her
chain so it doesn't get in the way of the Major's tying her hands. His
hand on her shoulder, Kent gives her the start.

Myka gets in a good head start, but the Major, twirling the lasso over
his head, quickly chases her down. He notes as her left foot digs in,
and he throws to her right. The rope comes down over Myka's head as
she's ducking to the side. Myka lays down.

In less than four seconds from the time she went down, the Major has
Myka's hands and feet bound closely together. He leaps up with his
hands raised.

Kent: "Time!"

Miss Kate: "Eight seconds, Kent."

Kent: "Great time, Major. That's twelve points for you. Do you all want
to take a break first, or head right into the second round?"

Major: "Let's do it."

Peter: "Yeah!"

Kent: "Ok."

Kent reaches into a pocket of his shorts and pulls out a deck of five
cards.

Kent: "Dominants, pick a card and line up in order with your subs
standing in front of you."

Peter gets the ace. Next in line are the Major, Lisa, Sam, and Brandi.
Lisa glances at the Major, standing to her right. Myka stands looking
skywards beside Jane. Kent takes out his coin and flips it.

Kent: "Heads, subs shift to your left, tails, step to your right."

Kent looks at the coin, then holds it out to those near him. It's
tails. Myka steps into the place vacated by Jane. She glances over her
shoulder at the Major, who's trying to hide the fact that he's grinning
from ear to ear.

Kent: "All right. Peter, and Jane. Would you like to go first?"

Jane steps through her wrist chain again. Peter ties a slip knot in the
short piece of rope. Kent takes it and examines it.

Kent: "Ok. We'll see how this works. Same drill, same scoring. Ready?"

Jane gets her start, and off she goes. Jane ducks Peter's first throw
but he catches her on his second try. He catches her ankle chain and
holds her feet up with his body. Peter is somewhat unprepared for
Jane's strength, or how much she's going to struggle. He takes a foot
to the side of his head, which knocks his cowboy hat off, before he's
able to gain control of the girl.

Bringing Jane's hands together behind her, Peter slips the rope around
both wrists and pulls it tight. He wraps the other end around her
ankles, ties it off, and he's up. Eleven seconds.

Peter unties Jane and he helps her stand up. He's rubbing his jaw on
the way back. Jane sees that she has hurt Peter.

Jane: "I'm very sorry, Sir."

Peter: "It's Ok, Jane. No harm done. I think."

Myka manages to elude the Major for a bit longer this time. She waits
for him to throw before ducking under the rope. Myka digs in and turns,
then runs towards the Major as he's gathering the lasso up to throw
again. He looks up, startled, and Myka feigns left, then goes right.
The Major throws and catches her around her neck.

Myka's time is twelve seconds. The Major bends to untie her hands and
feet. He gives the girl a hand getting up, and a little pat on the bum
as they walk back. Lisa sees this and she looks annoyed.

Lisa and Trish are up next. She misjudges her first throw and the rope
hits the back of Trish's neck. Trish dodges left. Lisa brings the
lasso around and throws. It lands over Trish and falls to her waist.

Lisa's time is also twelve seconds. Marsha manages to dodge Sam's
lasso three times before she's caught. Then he has trouble getting her
ankles together and tied. The time is sixteen seconds, giving Sam only
four points.

Sue manages to duck and weave past Brandi's first two attempts to catch
her with the lasso. On her third try, Sue dodges the wrong way and
runs right into the loop. Sue's wrists and ankles are quickly secured.
Brandi's time is fourteen seconds.

Kent: "All right! Great show, guys. Kate and I will add up the totals
now."

Kent and Kate confer over Kate's notebook for a while. After several
minutes, Kent takes the book and rejoins the contestants who are
sitting in the shade under a tree.

Kent: "We have the results. In first place today, are the couple of the
Major and Jane. Together they've earned forty nine points."

A little cheer goes up from the others, congratulating them for
winning.

Kent: "Second place, with forty six points, Peter and Sue. Third, with
forty points, Brandi and Marsha!"

Brandi gives Marsha a hug and a kiss.

Kent: "Lisa and Myka have earned thirty seven. Sam and Trish, twenty
eight.

"That's it, folks. Enjoy your day off tomorrow, and we'll see you all
on the day after."

Kent and Miss Kate pick up the ropes and the cowboy hat. Kate puts the
hat on her head. The contestants take the trail back to camp. Lisa and
Brandi lead, enjoying the freedom of not having the cuffs and shackles
on anymore. The Major has his arm around Jane's shoulders, but his eyes
are on the girl walking in front of him. Myka.

[Roll credits.] [Split screen with credits, show points totals.]

The Major and Jane           129
Peter and Sue                128
Lisa and Myka                105
Brandi and Marsha             97
Sam and Trish                 96

[END Episode 9.]


"Next time on Surviver"

[The jungle. The camera zooms in to Trish, standing beside some bushes.
She has a short piece of bamboo in her mouth, between her teeth. It's
tied in place with a rope around the back of her head.]

[Two long narrow leaves stick up on either side of Trish's head,
looking like pony ears. She turns her head and the leaves turn with it.
Trish faces the camera and tries to grin around the bit in her mouth.
Her lips move, and she makes a kind of whinny sound like a horse.]

Voiceover: "It's pony time, on Surviver Island."

 - End of file -







 Episode  10.       SURVIVER          (C) dino 2001

[Start.]

[Voiceover and show scenes of island.] "We're down to five Dominant -
Submissive couples now. Stranded on this tiny South Seas island, left
here to survive. Every three days the couples will have to compete
against each other in two challenge competitions, for rewards, and for
points.

Only four more episodes of Surviver to go. Then, the couple with the
highest number of points will be walking off this island with our grand
prize of One Million Dollars.

"Last time on Surviver:" [Run clips as the host, Kent, speaks.]

"Lisa and Brandi had to be disciplined for plotting to collaborate in
the challenges and split the prize money." [Show Lisa and Brandi
hobbling around the camp in handcuffs and leg shackles.] "It's lucky
that we caught onto their scheme before it affected the outcome of any
of the challenges, or we might have had to banish them and their
submissives from the game.

"Our first challenge was for the subs to hang upside down until they
dropped one of the rubber balls that they had to hold." [Show Trish
falling at the start, Myka batting the spider off her leg. Show Sue
hanging motionless, Jane losing hold of her ball.] "A cramp in her hand
forced Jane to drop out, and it was lucky for Sue that it did. Sue had
quietly slipped into unconsciousness during the challenge without
anyone noticing." [Show clip of Sue coming around.] Sue: "Wha. . .
what?"

"A grocery delivery that evening managed to raise the group's spirits,
and the next day we had a rodeo type challenge where the doms had to
lasso the subs and hogtie them. The Major and Jane won big, with forty
nine points in the challenge." [Show Major tying Myka's hands and feet.
Jane, eluding Peter's throw.]

"Stay with us now for this very special episode of Surviver."

[Run Opening Title Sequence.]  [Episode Intro Sequence: 65 seconds.]


[End episode intro.]


[Title: DAY TWENTY EIGHT.]

[Evening, after the calf roping challenge]

Lisa and Brandi sit on logs around the fire pit on the beach. Their
subs, Myka and Marsha, are rubbing ointment and wrapping bandages
around their domme's ankles where the steel leg shackles have rubbed
their skin raw in a few places. They both also have red marks around
their wrists from the handcuffs.

Lisa: "Well at least it's over with now. Me and Myka are in third
place."

Brandi: "We're one point over Sam and Trish, I think. Owch! Take it
easy, Marsha.

Marsha: "Sorry, Mistress."

Brandi: "I still think it's lucky that we didn't get kicked off the
island."

Lisa: "We'll just have to kick some butt in the challenges to make up
for it. Right, Myka?"

Myka glances at Marsha.

Myka: "Yes, mistress."

Lisa stands up and does a little dance around the group, reveling in
being free of the metal handcuffs and shackles she'd had to wear for
the past three days.

Lisa: "Come on, Brandi. Let's go for a walk."

Brandi gets up, and they each take hold of one of their sub's hands.
The four girls head North, walking along the shore line. Lisa's
happiness begins to infect Brandi, and soon she is smiling again. Their
punishment time, with everyone looking sideways at them, is over and
it's time to get back into the game. It's time too to get back to
enjoying life on the island.

Brandi pulls Marsha close in a hug and she walks with her arm around
the waist of her sweet submissive. Whether they win or loose in this
game, she knows that the girl beside her will always be there for her.

Something in the water catches Myka's eye and she steps into the surf
to see what it is. Myka bends down and she picks up a oddly shaped
shell. There's another one just like it a little ways off and she takes
that one too. She brings the shells back to the girls.

[Camera closeup of the shells in Myka's hands.] The shells are long and
narrow. The closed ends are blunt and rounded. The shells are tube
shaped and taper only slightly, growing wider towards the open ends.
The outsides are shaped in a spiral as the tiny creature inside added
layer upon layer to create a home for itself. They are smooth, with
tiny raised bumps on the outside. The insides are shiny, reflecting
back a myriad of colours. And empty of any slimy life forms.

One shell is about six inches long. The other, a bit smaller, and Myka
hands that one to Marsha. Lisa takes a stick and pokes it inside, then
washes some sand from within. She hands the shell back to Myka after
she's done looking at it. The four girls continue their walk.

They come to a rocky outcropping which reaches several yards out to
sea. The four girls climb up onto the smooth rock and see a low area in
the center that's covered in grass of some sort. Brandi walks out onto
the grassy part. She sits down.

The others join her on the soft patch of grass and they all watch the
shadows creep slowly along the rock as the sun sets. Marsha snuggles
closer to her domme, Brandi.

Brandi: "God I love it out here. Such a peaceful quiet. It's hard to
imagine anyplace nicer."

Lisa: "I know. We've had a lot of ups and downs in this game. But
throughout it all, you just have to take the time to look around you.
Then you realize how lovely it is here."

Myka is laying on her back on the soft grass. She has her shell in her
hand and she's lightly rolling it back and forth across her breasts.
Lisa slips her finger inside the shell and withdraws it from Myka's
hand. She lets it slide across one of Myka's nipples and watches as she
draws in a sharp breath. Lisa feels the surface of the shell with her
thumb.

Myka raises her hands up over her head. She brings up one knee to
gently rub her leg against Lisa's side. Lisa slides the bumpy shell
across Myka's breasts and nipples. Myka lets out a breath and smiles.

Marsha sees what Lisa is doing and she brings her shell to Brandi's
stomach. Marsha lets the shell roll across her domme's tummy a few
times. The little knobby bumps on it tickle her.

Marsha takes the open end of the shell between her thumb and
forefinger. With the finger inside she feels the silken smoothness of
the colourful interior. She lets the shell slide down Brandi's tummy
to her downy patch of hair. The bumps on the outside comb out the curls
of the hair as it passes.

Brandi: "Marsha! What are you doing?"

Even as she says this, Brandi's thighs part.

Marsha: "It's Ok, Mistress."

Marsha bends down and plants a tiny kiss amongst those curly hairs. She
lets her tongue flick out, right on that special little place. It's
Brandi's turn now to draw in a sharp breath. Marsha brings the shell
down to take the place of her tongue.

The shell in Lisa's hand leaves Myka's breasts to travel down her
chest. The little bumps on it draw light lines on her skin which
quickly fade away. Lisa brings the shell down to where Myka's thighs
meet. Myka opens her legs a little.

Myka: "Lisa? Are you. . . ?"

Lisa: "Maybe. Would you like me to?"

Myka: "If it pleases Mistress."

That is the standard answer and a smile comes to Lisa's lips. Myka lets
her thighs part a little more. Lisa lets the tip of the shell slide
down between them. A little extra pressure has Myka moving her bum
around on the grass. She raises both knees and spreads them apart.
Lisa strokes the end of the shell through Myka's pink slit.

Lisa and Marsha glance at each other. They both begin to slowly work
the long narrow shells into the vaginas of their partners. Lisa pushes
the end past Myka's labia a bit, then she withdraws it. The end
glistens with wetness. She lets it slip back in a ways, rotating the
shell so that it seats inside better.

Myka feels the little bumps on the outside doing wonderful things to
her down there. It's like a dozen tiny fingers poking and prodding her
insides. As Lisa slowly lets the shell slide out, Myka's bum lifts off
the grass. She's reluctant to lose the feel of it inside her.

Myka: "It feels nice, mistress. Would you like me to try it on you?"

Lisa: "Just lay back, darling. This is your time now."

Myka: "Mmmmm."

Myka relaxes herself as Lisa slowly works another inch of the long
shell inside her. Lisa twists it a little bit, and the tiny knobby
bumps on the shell's surface skitter around against the nerve endings
inside Myka's pussy. Lisa pushes a bit more, and another half inch of
shell disappears up inside Myka. One of the bigger bumps gently scrapes
across the spot, the place inside her that's under her clit. This
causes Myka to draw in a sharp breath.

Lisa knows that the shell isn't hurting Myka in any way.

Marsha has her shell completely inside Brandi's vagina. There's just
the rim of it visible now at her pussy. Marsha slides a finger inside
the shell, inside of her mistress.

Marsha: "Mistress! You have to feel this."

Brandi reaches down and feels the edge of the shell. Her labia are
beginning to curl over the rim. Brandi lets her finger slide down
inside the smooth inside of the shell. Where soft wet flesh use to be,
there's now a hard smooth tube leading up inside of her.

Brandi: "It feels so weird. It's really neat.

Brandi's other finger touches against her clit. She rubs the inside of
the shell and her clit at the same time. Brandi begins to breathe
harder.

Marsha: "Let me, Mistress."

Brandi's hands fall to her sides as Marsha takes over. As soon as
Marsha's fingertip touches her clit, a spasm runs through her vagina.
The shell gets drawn up inside of her and her labia fold over the rim.
Brandi squeezes herself closed down there, trapping the hard shell
inside of her.

Marsha puts her finger inside and feels the hard cavern of the shell
inside of her mistress. Brandi flexes her muscles down there against
the shell inside of her. She starts to make little sounds.

Lisa is still gripping the edge of the shell inside of Myka with her
thumb and forefinger. She has her face down there and she's tonguing
Myka's clit while rotating the shell inside her. Myka is set to
explode, which she does, a second later. Lisa holds on to Myka's hips
with her other arm so her tongue doesn't lose contact with her clit.
Myka bucks and moans, lost in the throws of a massive cum.

Marsha has Brandi's clit pressed between her fingertip and the hardness
of the shell inside of her. One of the bumps on the shell is pressing
back the other way. Brandi cums big time. Marsha's hand easily follows
the movements of Brandi's hips. She sends a shy smile Lisa's way as she
gives pleasure to her mistress.

After Myka and Brandi have calmed down and the shells have been pulled
from inside them, Myka takes the two sticky shells to the water to
rinse them off. Then the girls change places. This time it's Marsha and
Lisa laying on their backs while the shells are pressed up inside of
them.

When all four girls are done having a nice time, they lay on the sun
warmed rocks for a while and watch as night falls. A few bright stars
twinkle on overhead. Myka is looking at the shell in her hand.

Myka: "We should come back here some day and find a bunch of these. I
bet we could make a fortune selling them."

Marsha: "Surviver Island All Natural Dildos. We could be rich!"

The others are gathered around the bonfire on the beach when Lisa,
Brandi, and their subs join them. A big pot of tea is ready and a
package of biscuits is being passed around. Jane joins the group a bit
later on and she hands a pineapple that she's found to the Major. He
takes out his knife and cuts it up, handing pieces of the sweet fruit
to everyone.

The moon rises full and bright on the horizon. The light obscures all
but the brightest of stars. Nobody is talking much tonight. Most of the
couples just hold their partners closely and watch the fire burn.

Towards midnight, with the moon shining brightly over them high in the
sky, Sam and Trish stand up and say their good nights. They are
followed shortly after by the two dommes and their subs. Peter and the
Major are the last to leave; their subs already gone to bed. They each
pick a spot off to the side of the trail to take a piss. Peter meets up
with the Major at the steps to the shelter.

Peter: "Night, Major."

Major: "Good night, Peter."

[Go commercial.] / [Return.]

[Title: DAY TWENTY NINE.]

[Dawn, on the beach.] The Major and Jane greet the sunrise with their
feet apart and arms up in the air. They slowly bend at the waist to lay
their palms flat on the sand before them. They hold the position for
five seconds, then rise up to tippitoes and reach for the sky.

The camera pans around the two challengers as they do their morning
exercises.

Up at the camp, Marsha is slicing up a loaf of bread. Myka has the fire
going and there's a pot of coffee ready for anyone who wants some.
Trish adds water to a pot of oatmeal and puts it on the fire to cook.

The bread slices are skewered on sticks and toasted over the fire.
There's sliced pineapple and the cereal, along with toast and jam for
breakfast. Everyone sits around the table to eat.

Sam: "It's amazing how much you miss the little things out here. You
put bread in the toaster and push the button. A minute later toast pops
up. It feels like a year since I last had toast for breakfast."

Peter: "I know. What about a morning newspaper? There's a whole world
out past the beach and I don't have a clue what's going on now."

Lisa: "Have you missed it?"

Peter: "What?"

Lisa: "Newspapers. It's usually all bad news. Someone got killed,
another country's blowing itself up. Some new desease is going to wipe
us all out. Politicians are stealing your money. Who needs to read
about stuff like that?"

Sue: "That's true, you know. I used to get so sad hearing about
something bad happening somewhere. People shooting at each other,
people dying someplace. It's still happening, but out here at least we
don't have to know about it."

Marsha: "So you'd like to live in isolation in a place like this?"

Sue: "Hell no! I want to go home and turn on a tap and have a nice hot
shower."

Myka: "That would be a treat! Not having to wash in sea water and then
trying to brush the salt out of your hair."

Later on, after breakfast, Sam and Trish go check the mail. Sam walks
with his arm around Trish's waist as they make their way down the
beach. Sam walks slow so Trish doesn't have to hurry in her ankle
chains. Trish's chain jingles as she walks.

Sam: "So Trish, how are you enjoying this bondage experience?"

Trish looks down past the cuffs and chain on her wrists to the cuffs
and chain on her ankles. She's smiling.

Trish: "It's awesome, Sam. I've forgotten what it's like not to have
these chains on. Sometimes when I'm doing something and I find myself
holding the wrist chain so it doesn't get in the way, or I'm sitting
and I move both my feet at the same time, I think, "Oh yeah. I'm
chained up." This time on the island has simply been the greatest."

Sam: "Maybe after the contest is over you should keep the chains on."

Trish looks up at Sam and grins.

Trish: "Maybe I will."

Sam: "People in town might talk when you go shopping for groceries."

Trish: "Fuck 'em."

Sam: "That's my girl!"

They reach the mail tree and Sam reaches into the bamboo tube. There is
a note with the current points totals and also a note about the next
challenge. Sam reads it to Trish:

"Survivers: Meet up on your beach tomorrow morning, early. Breakfast,
and lunch, will be supplied.

"Your creative talents will be put to the test for the next challenge.
You will have all of tomorrow and the morning of the day after to make
something, and you'll each be supplied with tools and materials. You'll
be judged, and will earn points, on how well you do. Then there will be
a race, also for points.     Kent."

Sam and Trish bring the challenge announcement back to camp and
everyone gathers around.

Peter: "We have to make something, then there will be a race. I'll bet
we have to make a boat of some kind."

Sam: "A canoe of some sort maybe. With poles out the side for
stability."

Lisa: "That raft you guys tried to make before was a disaster."

Sam: "It says that we'll be supplied tools and materials. That should
help."

Brandi: "Maybe we get the boat ready made and we just have to paint
it."

Major: "Why do you all think it's a boat race?"

Sam: "Well, I don't know. I guess it could be anything."

Marsha: "Paper airplanes?"

Myka: "A coconut catapult?"

Major: "A submissive catapult."

Myka: "To shoot us and see how far away we land?"

Major: He arches an eyebrow at her. "We'll shoot you out to sea so you
land in the water and don't get hurt too badly."

Brandi: "You're kidding, right?"

Major: "I am. But Kent might not be."

Speculation over the challenge is put to rest for a while as the group
splits up to begin the day. Lisa, Brandi and their subs head for the
beach to work on their tans. Sam and Trish take the boat over to
Chicken Island to catch some dinner.

Most of the chickens on Moehi have brown feathers but some are white,
and some are white with gray speckles. Sam and Trish catch and kill
four, three brown ones and one white one. They gather up some eggs and
head back to camp.

Although it's gross and disgusting ripping the feathers off dead birds,
Sam, with some help from Myka, cleans the chickens and they prepare the
meat for the barbecue. Hector the pig gets the meat scraps, while the
feathers are added to a pile of them at one side of the camp.

Myka: "It won't be much longer and we could make a nice bed from these
feathers."

Sam: "After this contest, I don't want to see another bloody mess of
chicken parts for as long as I live."

Myka: "Well if you want to eat meat, something has to die. Could you
live on rice and beans all the time?"

Sam: "No, but I'd just as soon get my chicken from a cardboard barrel
with the Colonel's face smiling back at me."

Since the fresh bread was used up during breakfast, Trish wants to try
making some but there's no oven to bake it in. The Major suggests using
one of the big square empty tins that the rice was packed in. Using his
knife, and hitting the back of the blade with a piece of wood, he
manages to cut through the thin metal of the lid to make the opening
large enough.

He cuts the bottom off another of the cans to make a door for the oven.

Major: "Put the oven over the fire for a while to burn off the paint.
This should work out pretty good."

Trish mixes some yeast with water and then adds flour, a bit of sugar,
and some cooking oil. She adds a couple of eggs and then some more
flour. She asks Myka to chop up coconut into fine pieces which she also
adds to the dough. The Major sits and uses a small stone to put the
edge back on his knife. Myka watches as Trish kneads the bread dough on
the camp table.

Myka: "Is that all there is to making bread, Trish?"

Trish: "Yep. We let it puff up for about an hour, then squish the air
out of it and shape the loaves. Then leave it to rise again. Pop it in
the oven, and when it's nice and golden, it's done."

Trish covers the lump of dough with a sprinkle of flour and a slightly
damp piece of cloth. She checks the rice tin oven and sees that the
paint and coating has finished burning off it. Trish hooks the two
parts out of the fire with a stick.

Her and Myka carry the oven parts down to the beach to scrub the
insides with sand and water. Trish finds a thin slab of stone. She gets
Sam to bash the edges off the stone so that it fits nicely inside the
bottom of the oven. After all the parts are nice and clean, they bring
the oven back to camp to dry it beside the fire.

Major: "You'll have to keep it inside the shelter out of the rain, or
the metal will rust to pieces in no time."

Trish's bread dough has risen and is lifting the cloth off the table.
Trish squeezes out the air and shapes two round loaves of bread. She
dusts the tops with more flour, then covers them to rise again.

Sam joins the Major at the table and watches as he fashions hinges for
the oven door out of scraps of metal cans. The fire is built up and the
oven is set in place. More wood is banked around it.

Trish gently pokes a loaf with her fingertip. She and Myka watch as the
depression springs back. It's ready for baking. Myka uses a stick to
lift the oven door while Trish slides one loaf onto the hot stone
inside with a flat piece of wood. It's pushed to the back to make room
for the second loaf of bread.

Trish: "Now we pray."

Myka: "How long will it take to bake?"

Trish: "Who knows? You got an oven thermometer?"

Myka: "No."

Trish: "I guess if we smell it burning we'll know the oven's too hot."

Trish lifts the door and quickly puts her hand inside the oven.

Trish: "Feels about right. I guess."

Burning wood is moved around the outside of the oven. After a while the
smell of the wood becomes tinged with the delicious smell of bread
baking. Trish takes a peek inside, then closes the door again.

After a few minutes more, Trish hands a towel to Myka.

Trish: "Get ready to catch it."

Trish lifts up the oven door and slides two sticks in alongside one
loaf of bread. She carefully lifts out a golden round loaf and
transfers it to the towel in Myka's hands. The smell of the fresh bread
is intoxicating. Myka puts the hot bread onto the table and goes back
for the second one. Trish gets it out and onto the towel.

Trish goes to the table and lifts a hot loaf up on edge. She lets her
wrist chain steady the bread loaf on it's edge and she raps her
fingertips on the bottom. She lets Myka listen too.

Trish: "Hear that hollow sound? That means it's cooked through."

The Major uses a thick branch to lift the rice can oven off the fire.
He sets it down to one side to cool. The others in the group have heard
about the bread experiment and have begun to gather around.

After the bread has cooled for a few minutes, Trish takes one loaf and
pulls a piece off. She feels the inside. It has cooked through properly
and the bread is light and airy.

The one loaf of bread is pulled apart and everyone gets a piece.

Peter: "My God, Trish. This is great!"

Brandi: "What's that taste?"

Trish: "Coconut."

Brandi: "Wow. Great job, guys. Thanks!"

Sue: "Yeah. Thanks."

Trish: "Thank the Major for making us an oven."

After snacking on Trish's coconut bread the group starts getting dinner
ready. The chicken is roasted on the grill over the fire and potatoes
are wrapped in wet leaves and baked in amongst the coals. Jane cuts up
a bunch of green beans and they're cooked in a pot of water. Along with
some cut up pineapple and the second loaf of coconut bread, the meal
turns out great.

The camp is cleaned up and everyone goes down to the beach for a swim
and a wash. Later on, the bonfire is lit and they all sit around it
watching the stars come out.

Lisa: "So what is the challenge tomorrow? What is it we have to
create?"

Trish: "Costumes of some kind? We have to dress up somehow and run a
race?"

Peter: "Costumes, eh? Hmmmm."

Sue: "What?"

Peter: "I wonder. Remember the wagon race a couple of weeks ago? I
remember how nice all you subs looked decked out in those leather
harnesses."

Sam: "So?"

Peter: "So maybe it's a pony girl race."

Major: "That would certainly fit in with the theme of this contest. We
might have to make pony girl costumes for our subs."

Peter: "Could be."

[Title: DAY THIRTY.]

[Camera inside the shelter.] The survivers are just waking up and the
sound of vehicles can be heard down on the beach. The couples straggle
out of bed to go see what all the noise is about.

Down on the beach, Kent's Jeep and a van are parked. Two men are
unloading trays and boxes from the van and setting up a table. The
trays of food are uncovered and plates and cups are unpacked from the
boxes. Kent greets the challengers as they gather around.

Kent: "Good morning, everyone. I thought we'd have breakfast while
we talk about the challenge."

There is bacon and eggs and toast. There's fruit that doesn't grow on
the island, like apples and oranges and grapefruit. And there's coffee
and real fresh milk and cheese. The challengers take plates and dig in.

Everyone sits in a group on logs or on the sand to eat. Kent joins
them.

Kent: "Peter, you dog! You spoiled the surprise by guessing the
challenge last night."

Peter: "What, the pony girl idea? You're kidding!"

Kent: "Nope. That's it. What we've got in mind is this. Each couple
will be driven to a different part of the island today. There you'll
find a small pony cart. You'll also find a box of leather straps, rope
and string, tape, glue, and also some hand tools. You can use any other
materials that you can find on the island to make your sub a ponygirl
costume. There's also a lunch packed in the boxes for you.

"Your ponygirl costumes can be normal like regular pony tack, or you
can get wild and crazy with this challenge. You have all of today and
part of tomorrow morning to make a costume for your submissive.
Tomorrow morning we'll all gather on the wide strip of beach South of
the mail tree. There you can finish off your costumes and get your subs
ready.

"We'll judge the costumes for first, second, and third place. Then
we'll have you race your pony girls and carts to first, second and
third. You can earn points for most creative costume, and also for
winning the race. Sound good?"

Sam: "Sounds like fun, Kent."

Kent: "I hope you all have fun with this challenge. The scoring will be
the normal twenty, fifteen and ten points for both the costume class,
and for the race. Help yourselves to more breakfast, guys. When we're
done eating, we'll get started."

The challengers finish off their breakfasts and then Kent rounds
everyone up for their final instructions.

Kent: "Now here's the deal. Lisa, Peter, Brandi, and their subs, will
ride North in the van. Brandi and Marsha will be dropped off at the big
clearing where we had the calf roping challenge. Peter and Sue will
travel further on to the sand bar.

Lisa and Myka will ride up to near the production camp. You can all
scout around the island to find materials for the costumes, but you
can't go into another couple's area. We want each couple to come up
with an original costume and we don't want you stealing ideas from each
other.

"Major, you'll take my Jeep and head South with Sam and Trish. You'll
see a sign where to drop Sam and Trish off. There's a small clearing
just off the beach there. The Major and Jane will stop at a sign
further down.

"Each of you will find your pony cart and the box of tools and
materials. It's," Kent looks at his watch. "a bit past nine now. At
five this evening we'll pick up Brandi, Lisa, and Peter and their subs,
to drive you back to camp for the night. I'll call you, Major, on the
radio and you'll pick up Sam and Trish, then head back here.

"You all should have finished most of your costumes by tonight.
We'll have the carts brought to the challenge area during the night and
tomorrow you can do any final work and get your subs ready. Then we'll
have the pony show. Everyone clear on the challenge?"

Brandi: "What about the race?"

Kent: "Good point. The submissives, decked out in their ponygirl
costumes, will have to pull the cart with your dominant sitting in it
two hundred yards along the beach. Points for the winners as I
described."

Trish: "So there's no restrictions on the type of costume?"

Kent: "It has to be pony related. You have to look something like a
pony and you have to be able to run with it on if you want to win the
race."

Trish: She looks around at the others. "Let's do it!"

Kent: "Great!"

The dishes and the table have been packed away. Peter, Lisa, Brandi and
their subs climb into the van with the men who served breakfast. Kent
rides along with them. The Major gets into the Jeep. Jane and Trish sit
in back, Sam sits beside the Major. The two vehicles drive off in
opposite directions.

[Go commercial.] / [Return.]

The Major stops Kent's Jeep at a signpost on the beach. Sam's name is
on the sign with an arrow pointing into the jungle. Sam and Trish get
out and follow the sign. [Camera follows them.]

In a small clear area they see their pony cart. It's a little smaller
than a real pony cart - it's about the size of a small rickshaw. The
wheels are wider to make rolling on sand easier.

A wooden chest is on the ground beside the cart and Sam lifts the lid.
Inside are lengths of black leather straps, some buckles and several
rolls of various types of tape. There's rope and string and some hand
tools. A saw, some knives, a hand drill, a leather hole punch. Other
bits and pieces too. Sam and Trish are taking things out and looking
at them.

Trish: "Sam, remember those drawings we saw in Los Angelos six years
ago? It was in that sex shop we went into. Remember? It was like a
comic book and it had those dark heavy line drawings."

Sam: "It was all like pony girl stuff, right?"

Trish: "Right. Hang on, I've got an idea."

Sam: "Uh oh."

[Cut to: The Major and Jane.]

The Major has a few leather straps in his hands and he's seeing how
they'd look on Jane. She holds one around her waist while her dom fits
another between her legs. He holds the two ends of the crotch belt to
her waist belt and he steps back to see. After he has looked, he lets
go of one end and pulls the belt roughly out from between Jane's
thighs.

Major: "Ok. Drop the belt and stand in front of the cart."

Jane puts down the waist belt and goes to the cart. She lifts up the
front to stand between the rails.

The cart has a bar made of wood across the front of the two side rails,
and Jane's hands are on this bar. With her short wrist chain she can't
reach both side rails at the same time. The Major puts a hand behind
Jane and he presses her waist against the front bar. He has her let go
of the bar and he lowers the front of the cart.

Major: "Step through your wrist chain so your hands are in back."

Jane does this. The Major raises the front of the cart again and holds
the front bar against Jane's belly. He makes her place her forearms
together in the small of her back.

Major: "Yup. That'll work."

[Cut to: Brandi and Marsha at the big clearing.]

Brandi and Marsha have been dropped off and are going through the box
of supplies. Their pony cart stands in the background. Marsha finds a
needle and a spool of thread in amongst the stuff in the box.

Marsha: "Mistress. Have you ever heard of Pegasus?"

Brandi: "Winged horse from Greek mythology?"

Marsha: "There's a big pile of chicken feathers back at camp."

Brandi: She looks at the needle and thread in Marsha's hands. "You want
me to sew the feathers all over your skin?"

Marsha: "Well, no. But we could sew them all over that tight sundress
you have."

Brandi: She's smiling. "We could use tape to glue the feathers on your
arms and legs too. Yeah, I like it. Let's go get the feathers and my
dress."

[Cut to: Peter and Sue.]

Sue is standing in front of their cart and she has a short piece of
bamboo clamped between her teeth.

Sue: "Mmmff. Errrfff."

Peter looks up from the box of supplies, sees Sue, and starts laughing.

Peter: "You'll have to work on your pony noises a little more."

Sue spits out the bit and lowers the front of the cart.

Sue: "I'll practice a bit. Get it? Practice a bit? A bit?"

Peter: "I get it. I get it."

Sue joins her dom at the box of costume supplies.

Sue: "Any ideas?"

Peter: His hand goes to Sue's thigh as she stands beside him. "Not yet.
I don't want to simply copy the harnesses you all had for the wagon
race. Although you certainly looked lovely in yours."

Peter strokes Sue's upper thigh as he's thinking. Sue reaches down and
picks up a branch off the ground. It's in the shape of a V. She holds
it to her face with the end pointing forward and the other two ends on
either side of her cheeks. Sue puts her other hand flat on top of the
V shaped branch. She moves her hand up and down as she whinnies.

Sue: "Neeehhh-ha-ha-ha."

She makes a very realistic horse sound. Peter looks up and sees the
branch and her hand, making her face seem to stick out something like a
horse's face.

Peter: "Yes. That might work."

[Cut to: Lisa and Myka, near the production camp.]

Lisa: "Notice that we're almost as far away from the Major as we can
get on this island?"

Myka: "Oh come off it, Lisa. He may be a cranky old coot, but he's not
that bad."

Lisa: "I'm starting to think that Sue is right. I think that Jane lives
in fear of him."

Myka: "So maybe he's strict. Some girls like it like that."

Lisa: "Yeah? Well I don't think Jane does. I'm starting to see him the
way Sue has all along. That he's just a jerk who likes to beat up
little girls."

Lisa and Myka are sitting beside their pony cart. Lisa is playing with
Myka's long hair, running her fingers through it.

Myka: "Well forget about it. You've got seven hours to turn me into a
pony."

Lisa has Myka's hair all pulled back into a long, thick rope down her
back. Lisa raises the hair to form a loop near her neck. She takes
about two feet of the length down near Myka's bum and bends it upwards
to form a pony's tail.

Lisa: "I think that you'll make a fine pony, Myka."

[Cut to: Sam and Trish.]

Trish has a large diameter bamboo tube in her lap that's about two feet
long. Sam has drilled and carved two holes on either side about half
way down the length. Trish is shaving down a short piece of a stick so
it will fit through the holes. Sam has another tube and he's carving
out the two holes in it.

Sam: "What about your wrist chain?"

Trish: "Oh yeah. I forgot." She thinks for a minute. "Can you cut a
slot down the side so it slides down?"

Sam: "Yes. I'll make the slot narrow so the chain link fits tight.
Hey. There's some screws here and some little metal plates. I can make
it so they don't come off. Your chain will be stuck in there."

Trish: She flashes Sam a grin. "Perfect."

[Cut to: The Major and Jane.]

The Major is stitching Jane's crotch strap to her waist belt. Jane is
working on her pony bit. She has a short stick that she's sanded and
polished and she's attaching the two strips of leather that will tie
behind her head.

The Major pulls at the joint he's made in her belt and the lacing
holds. He turns the belt over to start fitting the buckle for the
front. Jane has finished her pony bit and she approaches her dominant
to show him her work.

Major: He looks up at her. "Put it on."

Jane puts the smooth stick between her teeth and reaches back to tie
the straps. Her wrist chain hits her face and catches on her nose. The
Major shakes his head at her clumsiness. Jane gets her bit tied in
place.

The Major reaches up to the strap across her cheek and gives it a tug.

Major: "That'll do. Needs to be tighter though. Go off into the forest
and see if you can find a piece of wood about this big."

He shows her the size with his hands. Jane reaches up to untie her bit.

Major: "Did I tell you to take that off? Leave it in place and go find
my piece of wood."

Jane wanders off into the jungle. The Major is looking at the belt he's
made.

[Cut to: Brandi and Marsha.]

Marsha is digging through the pile of chicken feathers back at the
surviver's camp. Brandi steps out of the shelter with her dress in her
hands. She goes to her sub to look at the feathers she's selected.

Brandi: "Some of these have chicken guts on them."

Marsha: "I know. The ones at the bottom are all muddy and stuck
together. Do you think we can wash them or something?"

Brandi: "Do we even have enough? I like this Pegasus idea but we've
only got one day to do it in."

Marsha stands up with several large feathers in her hands. She turns to
her domme.

Marsha: "I have a good feeling about this. I think that it's so
original an idea that we'll place first in the costume class. I know
that it's going to be a lot of work, but we can do it. Please?"

Brandi: "You'll need wings. Ok, get your wrap dress and bundle up the
feathers. Take them down to the ocean near where our cart is and wash
and dry them. I'll get busy making frames for your wings."

Marsha: "Thank you, mistress. I know that this idea will work out
well."

[Cut to: Peter and Sue.]

Peter has bent and tied strips of cane into a horse shaped head. Sue is
trying it on. The skeletal frame looks odd over her face, but the shape
is quite apparently that of a horse's head. Sue lets out a whinny and
Peter grins.

[Cut to: Lisa and Myka.]

Lisa is working with strips of leather and two half coconut shells.
She's making a bra for Myka. Myka has a bundle of palm leaves and she's
weaving herself a grass skirt. They are both munching on coconut.

[Go commercial.] / [Return.]

[Sam and Trish.]

Trish slowly pushes her hand into a large bamboo tube about two feet in
length. Sam is guiding her wrist chain down the slot cut in the side.
Trish's fingers touch the bar inside the tube and she reaches for it.
Her arm sinks another two inches into the tube as she grasps the hand
hold.

Trish: "Got it."

Her other hand is inside the other tube. Trish stands up with the two
bamboo tubes covering her hands and her wrist chain between them. She
bends over at her waist and lets the ends of the tubes touch the
ground. Trish shifts her weight between her feet and her new pony
forelegs.

Sam: "How's it feel?"

Trish: "Very weird."

Trish shifts one foot and one arm forward to the limit of her chains.
She takes another step, one leg and one arm forward.

Sam: "Try your arms and then your legs."

Trish moves both her arms forward together and plants the tubes into
the ground. She shifts her full weight onto the bamboo tubes and moves
both feet forward together. She tries it again, taking two big steps in
a row. Trish looks up at Sam and smiles.

Trish: "This is going to work! I'll need some padding around the arm
holes though."

Sam: "We still have to figure out how to attach you to the cart."

Sam has Trish move over to their pony cart. Trish is already gaining
confidence in walking on four legs. Sam lifts the front of the cart and
marvels at how smoothly his pony gets into position underneath the
front bar. Sam lowers the cross bar down across Trish's mid-back. Sam
steps back and sees his pony and cart, with Trish pawing the dirt with
her front hoof. He can't help but laugh.

Sam: "You look fantastic, Trish. This was a great idea!

Trish snorts and shakes her head.

[Cut to: The Major and Jane.]

Jane is sawing out an intricately shaped piece of wood that her dom has
marked out for her. The Major is carving his own piece of wood. He has
two, and both are long and round, one a bit thinner than the other.

He has his sub drop what she's doing to put on her waist belt with the
crotch strap. The Major feels around Jane's crotch strap and makes two
marks on it. One for her anal plug, and one for the dildo.

Major: "Ok. Get that back board finished."

Jane: "Yes, sir."

The Major punches a few holes in Jane's crotch strap for screws to hold
on the two wooden plugs.

[Cut to: Brandi and Marsha.]

Brandi has two wing frames covered with tape, sticky side out. She's
gluing feathers over them. The frames are made from bent canes and will
fit over Marsha's elbows, since she can't spread her arms out with her
cuffs and wrist chain on. So Marsha will have her bent arms in front of
her and the wings will be slipped on over her elbows, then buckled on
with straps.

Marsha is sewing feathers all over Brandi's sun dress. It was too big
on Marsha, but they ran a seam down the back which will be covered in
feathers anyway. There's more brown feathers than white ones and the
brown ones go on the back and sides, the white ones down her chest.
Marsha flashes a grin at Brandi who smiles back.

Brandi: "We still have a lot of work left to do."

Marsha: "A belt to attach me to the cart. A pony bit."

Brandi: "I'm nearly done these wings. I'll get started on your harness
next."

[Cut to: Peter and Sue.]

Sue is standing before her pony cart with her pony head on. Peter has
also fashioned Sue a coconut shell bra, and he's crunching on a piece
of coconut meat.

The pony head looks very much like that of a real pony. Peter used a
stick to beat the coconut husk into fibrous hair. The pieces of hairy
husk have been fastened over the head frame and are trimmed around the
mouth and eye holes. The hair is left long on top so that it hangs a
little over Sue's eye holes.

A flap of husk hair hangs down the back of Sue's head and neck to hide
the straps holding the head on, and to give Sue a mane partway down
her back. Sue has her own hair pinned up out of sight underneath the
horse head mask.

Sue turns her head to nuzzle Peter's arm.

Peter: "Cut it out! I have to get these straps right."

Sue makes a low whinny sound. Peter is measuring off the strips of
leather that he'll use to make her harness. There's a double wide belt
around her waist that the cart's front bar will attach to.

Peter: "What about your hands? Front, or back?"

Sue: "Nerh-hh-hh. Back would be best."

Sue's voice eerily emanates from the mouth of the horse bringing a grin
to Peter's lips.

Peter: "No. There isn't time to make more lashings. In front, and
attached to the cross bar. Tied onto the belt."

Sue: "Behind my back would be better."

Peter: He shakes Sue's pony muzzle and stares into her pony eyes. "I
see that you do need a pony bit under there."

Sue: "Uuurrr-pph-pph-pph."

[Cut to: Lisa and Myka.]

Myka has a wide belt around her waist that fastens her to the pony
cart. Her coconut shell bra has a lacey carved leather strap around her
back and is laced on in front with thin strips of leather.

Myka's hair has been braided partways down and formed into a loop near
her neck. It sort of looks like a horses mane. Lisa is finishing
polishing the end of a hook shaped stick. She brings this stick to
Myka.

Lisa: "Bend over."

Myka bends over the front bar of her pony cart. Lisa works up some spit
and greases the tapered hook end of the stick. She touches the tip to
Myka's anus.

Lisa: "Ready?"

Myka: "Can't we do this part tomorrow?"

Lisa: "We have to make sure this is going to work."

Lisa pushes the end of the hook shaped stick into Myka's asshole.
There's a thicker knot just past the end to help hold it in place, and
Lisa has to add more spit to help the knot slip inside. Lisa pushes
harder, Myka grits her teeth, and the thick part of the wood slides
inside of her.

Lisa ties the lower length of Myka's hair to the stick sticking up from
her ass. The result is a very convincing pony's tail standing up
proudly from between Myka's ass cheeks. After taking a long look, Lisa
releases her submissive from the pony cart. She has Myka walk around a
little to see how the tail moves with her.

The tail begins to lean over to one side as the hook part of the stick
rotates inside Myka's ass. It's soon sticking out sideways from Myka's
body. Lisa grabs the tail and rights it, causing the stick to abruptly
turn inside Myka's bum.

Myka: "Hey!"

Lisa: "Your tail is falling over. I'll have to tie it to the waist belt
somehow to keep it upright."

[Later on. Towards evening.]

The radio in Kent's Jeep crackles to life signalling the end of work
for the day. The Major goes over and answers the call. He and Jane
finish up and store their pony tack in the wooden chest. The Major
loads the chest onto the back of the pony cart. They then get into the
Jeep to drive up the beach and pick up Sam and Trish.

At Sam's area the Major blows the horn. Soon, Sam and Trish step out
from the jungle to get into the Jeep with the Major.

Major: "How's it going?"

Sam: "Trish is going to give everyone a run for their money tomorrow."

At the other end of the island, Kent stops the van to pick up Lisa and
Myka. Peter and Sue are waiting on the beach when the van drives up,
and they get inside. At Brandi's area, Kent gets out to walk up the
trail to the big clearing where they are. Brandi and Marsha are combing
out feathers that they'll use tomorrow to cover Marsha's legs.

Kent: "Time's up for today, girls. I saw some tape of your Pegasus
costume. I like the idea."

Brandi: "Let's hope it doesn't rain tomorrow or we'll have a soggy
chicken on our hands."

Kent helps gather up feathers and costume parts and pack everything up
into the wooden chest. He and Brandi lift it onto the cart.

Back at the beach the other couples are soaking up the airconditioning
inside the van. The door slides open and Brandi and Marsha climb in.

Kent's Jeep is parked near the firepit as they drive up. The Major, Sam
and their subs are standing around waiting for them. Kent stops the van
and everyone gets out. A crew man drives it back to the crew camp. Kent
gathers the couples together.

Kent: "During the night we'll get the carts moved to the south beach
where the challenge will be. I watched the tapes as they came in today
and I think that you've all done very well. You've all come up with
some really nice ideas.

"Have a good night, and we'll see you in the morning."

Kent drives off in his Jeep. The challengers head up to camp to make
themselves some supper.

After they've eaten, everyone goes in for a swim and a wash. The fire
is lit down on the beach and the couples sit around for a while talking
about the upcoming challenge, trying not to give away any ideas.

The Major is watching Sam and Trish closely. The way that they are
talking makes him think that they've come up with an idea to guarantee
a win in the race. It's bothering him that he didn't think of it,
whatever the idea is. Hopefully the two dildoes that will be strapped
inside his sub's holes will help spur her on to victory.

The group calls an early night to rest up for tomorrow's challenge.

[Title: DAY THIRTY ONE.]

Sue and Trish are up early. Sue makes the coffee while Trish mixes up a
batch of pancake batter.

Sue: "I have a horses head."

Trish: "I got two horse front legs."

Sue: "What?!"

Trish: "Yeah. I can run on four legs with them on. My ankle chain isn't
going to slow me down."

Sue: "Trish, that's brilliant! How'd you come up with the idea?"

Trish: "We saw some drawings once. The girl had things that extended
her arms to look like pony legs."

Others begin to wake up and leave the shelter. Soon everyone is sitting
around the camp table, eating pancakes and drinking coffee or tea.

Later on the challengers gather down on the beach to wait for Kent to
show up. A big van appears around the bend to drive up and park on the
beach. Kent's Jeep follows the van with Brent and Miss Kate sitting
inside. The challengers all pile into the van with Kent, for the ride
to the challenge site.

Kent: "All the carts and equipment have been moved during the night.
The carts are arranged as per yesterday, South to North. So Lisa's is
at this end, the Major's at the far end.

"I've reviewed the tapes from yesterday and we've seen your pony
costumes. This morning you'll have a few hours to add any final touches
and get your ponies ready, but you shouldn't be changing the basic
design. Get your ponies fitted and ready without the carts first.
We'll do the costume judging in two parts, the ponies standing, and
then hitched up to the carts."

Kent drives onto the wide area of beach and parks off to the side.
Brent brings the Jeep close by.

Five small pony carts sit in a row by the jungle's edge. The boxes of
supplies sit beside each. The couples step out from the van to go to
their carts. Each couple opens their box of pony tack and begins to
ready their ponies.

Brandi lifts out the dress of many feathers and helps Marsha put it on.
Brandi needs more tape to tape feathers on Marsha's legs.

Brandi: To Kent. "Could we get more tape?"

Kent: "Anyone have some tape you don't need?"

Peter tosses a roll to Kent, who hands it to Brandi. Brandi starts
taping feathers onto Marsha's legs.

Peter fastens Sue's pony head on over her face. Once it's in place, Sue
lets out a long, loud whinny. Everyone stops to look at the sound.
Brent looks at Sue and bursts out laughing.

Brent: To Peter. "That's fantastic. It sounded like someone brought
along a real horse."

Sue snorts and nuzzles Brent's arm. Brent gives her head a careful
scratch.

The Major begins fitting Jane's crotch strap into place. He's doing it
by feel while watching Sam ready Trish for the pony show. Sam brings
out the two big bamboo tubes and he holds one while Trish slides her
arm into it. Sam helps Trish get her chain fitted into the slot on the
other one and she pushes her arm into it. Once the tubes are fitted
properly on her arms, Sam uses four screws and two metal plates across
the slots where her wrist chain goes.

The Major's eyes grow wide when Trish bends over to go down on all
fours. He rams the anal plug into Jane's ass.

Jane: "Owch!"

Major: "Look at that."

Jane and her dom watch Trish get the feel for her new legs. A few of
the others pause in their work to watch as well. Trish takes off
running, moving her hands forward together and then her feet forward.
Her wrists and ankles stay the same distance apart as she runs, with
the chains between them tight and straight. Trish covers ground almost
as fast as someone who's not chained. Trish's tits bobble and hang
freely beneath her.

Kent stands beside Sam, the proud trainer watching his filly run.

Kent: "I guess we know who's going to place first in the race today."

After a couple of hours, and once all the ponies are ready, Kent calls
to everyone.

Kent: "We'll judge the ponies standing by themselves first, then again
after they're hitched to the carts. Could you all bring your ponies
here, please."

Five ponygirls stand in a line while Kent, Brent and Miss Kate look
them over. Sue is the only one who doesn't have a bit of some sort in
her mouth. Under her pony head it wouldn't be seen anyway, and so her
bit is in the mouth of the pony head she has on. From time to time, Sue
makes some sort of pony noise that has everyone looking and giggling.

When Marsha moves her elbows up and down her wings flap quite
convincingly. Her hair is tied back in a bun and studded with large
feathers. Brandi has meticulously taped and glued feathers all over her
sub's face so that just her mouth and eyes show. Her bit is carved from
a piece of dark wood to offset the white feathers on her face. Marsha
brings her elbows down to rest as she's judged, making her wings fold
back behind her.

Myka with her intricate coconut shell bra and woven grass skirt looks
like a Hawaiian ponygirl. Brent is taken with her tail that's sticking
out the back of the skirt. He feels it and the stick holding it up in
place. Brent gives the stick a little wiggle while watching Myka's
face. Myka's eyes dart around and she chomps on her bit as the other
end of the stick stirs inside her bum.

Miss Kate is on her knees and is examining Jane's crotch strap. Jane
has her hands behind her back, her forearms parallel and lashed
together to her waist belt. Miss Kate slides a fingertip between the
crotch strap and Jane's bottom. She feels the edges of the two dildoes
firmly planted up inside of Jane. She calls Brent over to have a look
at the two dildoes wedged tight in Jane's ass and vagina. Kate stands
up and gives Jane a smile.

Trish stands easy on her four legs. Her legs are together and her
chains hang down, slack. Kent and Brent look over the horizontal pony
girl and take note of the stitched leather trim around the tops of the
bamboo tubes - padding for her arms. The two metal plates that lock her
wrist chain, locking the tubes onto her hands, are also noted

Trish has a bamboo bit in her mouth and two big leaves are attached to
the straps under her ears. The leaves give the effect of pony ears
sticking up.

Kent: "Ok, everyone. You have one hour to get your ponies hitched to
the carts. We'll do the second half of the costume class, then we'll go
straight into the driving competition."

Sam lets Trish run free for a few minutes. The other doms also allow
their ponies to trot around before reining them in to get them hitched
to the carts.

The Major has wrapped vines around the outer sides of the front cross
bar of his cart. There's a space in the middle for Jane to stand. The
Major lifts Jane's arms up behind her back, which causes her waist belt
to pull up and the dildoes to drive tighter into her ass and pussy. The
Major fits the back board into place.

The bar in front, and the board in back, form a firm stockade which
holds Jane tightly around her waist. The back board has a slot where
her bound arms can rest in, and straps to hold them in place. The back
board is lashed to the front bar making Jane now a part of the cart.

Trish has a harness that fits over her shoulders and around her upper
body. The bar on the cart gets fastened to the back of this belt which
is buckled in front, under her, just below her tits. Another strap goes
down her back, through her crotch and up to the front buckle of the
belt. This is for counter pull for when she wants to stop the cart.

Sue, Myka, and Marsha are all fastened to their carts in a similar
manner with a belt around their waists attached to the cross bar.
Myka's belt is half hidden under her grass skirt. Sue's forearms are
together and lashed to her belt and to the bar in front of her.
Marsha's black waist belt contrasts nicely with the white feathers
across her front.

All the ponies have long, thin leather traces that lead from the sides
of their bits to the front of the carts.

One by one, as the ponies are ready they're led forward with the cart
trailing behind them. Those first few steps are careful ones as none of
them have had the time to really test out pulling the carts before.
Kent gives the couples some time to trot around the beach area and get
use to their costumes and pulling the carts.

Kent: "Ok. Line up please. Line up, facing the ocean."

The five ponies and their carts form a line. The doms are asked to
stand to the side while the judging takes place.

Jane is firmly locked into place in front of her cart. She cannot move
without the cart following her motions. Marsha flaps her wings and
snickers around her bit as she's judged. Sue also snickers behind her
pony head mask. She shakes her big pony head up and down as the judges
move on down the line.

Trish looks a bit out of place as the only pony girl down on all fours,
while the others are standing upright. She paws the ground with one
forefoot. Myka gives her bum a wiggle making her tail swish back and
forth behind her.

By the time the three judges have finished looking over the last pony
they're all grinning widely. The three stand over by Kent's Jeep while
they compare notes. After a long while, Kent returns with the results.

Kent: "I must say, judging this part of the challenge was the hardest
one yet. You all have done amazingly well in the short time you were
given.

"In first place, for twenty points, Brandi and Marsha as Pegasus. A
very original effort, ladies."

Marsha flaps her wings and tries to crow past the bit in her mouth.

Kent: "Second place, with fifteen points, it's the Major and Jane! The
two dildoes are a nice touch, Major.

Sue: Whispered to Peter. "Two dildoes?"

Peter: To Sue. "Must be hidden under the crotch strap."

"Now Trish, Myka, and Sue, we have been unable to choose a third place
winner between the three of you. So we have a three way tie for third
place. You will each get ten points for this, the costume portion of
the challenge."

Sue lets out a loud whinny and shakes her pony head up and down.

Brent: "If the dominants would be seated in your carts, we'll have a
twenty minute warm up before the race."

The doms climb up onto the seats of their carts and take the reins in
their hands. With a flick of the traces they lead their ponies around
the beach for a while so that both rider and pony get the feel for each
other.

The Major produces a small whip from under the seat of his cart. He
looks over as Peter also pulls out a little whip of his own. Peter sees
the Major with his whip in his hand and he gives a little laugh. The
Major gives Jane a sharp whack on her shoulder to get her moving.

Jane feels the tug on her reins and the sting on her shoulder. She
starts walking. The two wooden dildoes up her bum and cunt begin
shifting around inside of her. The tight crotch strap is also rubbing
her down there, and she finds herself being distracted from the
discomfort she's in.

Sue feels the sting on her rump and she turns her head to look. But she
can't see that far behind her with her horse head on. She starts
walking and pulling her cart. With her dom sitting in the cart it's
harder going than she thought it would be.

Lisa is flicking her reins to drive Myka hard. She is watching Myka's
tail swish back and forth at each step. Lisa pulls up to slow her pony
down.

Trish is running at full gallop. Her forelegs are bogging down in the
loose sand of the beach. Trish tries to slow down too quickly and the
strap running through her crotch takes the full weight of the wagon and
Sam. The strap presses hard on her clit and pussy and shifts around as
her legs move. Trish almost looses her balance as the feelings being
generated down there begin to overtake her.

When Trish gets herself and the cart stopped she's breathing heavily.
Sam gets down to see if she's all right.

Trish: "Meeff. Shllpp."

Sam unhooks her bit and moves it out of her mouth so she can talk.

Sam: "What's wrong, Trish?"

Trish: "When I was trying to stop, that damn crotch strap almost made
me cum!"

Sam: "As long as you don't cum before the end of the race you'll be
Ok."

Sam fastens her bit back in and gives Trish's bum a swat before
climbing back into his cart.

Kent: "Ladies and gentlemen. Could you all line up at the starting line
please?"

The dominants bring their pony carts around to line up in front of a
line drawn in the sand. Fortunately it's easy getting the ponies lined
up because they all know what to do.

The beach stretches out before them, a flat, level, and wide patch of
sand. Far off in the distance, 200 yards away to be exact, two flags
flutter on poles marking the sides of the finish line. Kate and Brent
are standing down there, each beside a flag.

Kent steps out in front of the five ponies.

Kent: "I want a good clean race today. No trying to drive another cart
off the track or whipping another driver. This isn't Ben Hur. Everyone
ready?"

Kent sprints about twenty yards out on the track and stands near one
side. He raises his arm up.

Kent: "Ready? Set? GO!"

Kent drops his arm on go, and he moves off the track. Ten, actually
twelve pony feet dig into the sand and the carts start to move. Trish
takes a big step with her four pony legs and right away she pulls out
in front.

Sue has to strain to get her cart with Peter sitting in it to start
moving. Peter gives Sue's backside a tickle with his whip to encourage
her. Marsha is also slow off the start but at least Brandi doesn't
weigh as much as Peter does.

Trish and Sam hold a commanding lead as the group passes by Kent. Jane
is in second place, a good seven feet behind Trish. Myka is in third
and Marsha trails Sue by a nose.

Trish can afford to slack off and concentrate on placing her feet
properly in the soft sand. She's not going to blow this race by showing
off and risking a fall. Trish leads at the half way mark by a full two
pony and cart lengths.

Myka looks lovely in her knee length grass skirt with her pony tail
swishing back and forth as she runs, held high by the stick in her ass.
She is neck and neck with Jane now. The Major brings his whip down
sharply over Jane's shoulders causing Myka to turn and wince at the
sharp sound. Jane spares a glance towards Myka, then puts more effort
into pumping her legs faster. She pulls a few inches ahead of Myka.

The combination of the tight crotch strap and the two dildoes it's
holding firmly inside of her is starting to get to Jane. The trouble
is, she can't decide whether it's in a horrible way or a nice one. She
can imagine the two long sticks knocking against each other inside of
her as she runs. That thought, and the crotch strap pressing and
holding her tightly down there begins to tip the balance into the more
pleasurable area.

Trish is nearly home as the others pass the three quarter post. Arms
forward, Trish sets her bamboo forelegs in the sand. The momentum of
the cart sets the pace. Shift her weight, feet forward and down. Arms
up and ahead. It's not unlike walking with crutches.

Trish plants her forelegs right on the finish line. A moment later her
back feet cross over as well. Trish gives her head a shake and makes a
horsey sound past her bit. Then she begins the process of slowing down
her pony cart.

Jane begins to falter and Myka pulls ahead. Marsha is flapping her
wings in an effort to catch up. She's just a yard behind Jane. Sue is
trailing the pack.

The Major brings the whip down again and again. Jane can barely feel
it. The two dildoes churning away inside of her have her close to
orgasm.

The stick up Myka's ass is giving her a nice feeling though. The end in
her bum lets her feel her tail switching back and forth, but it isn't
such an overwhelming feeling as the plugs strapped tightly inside of
Jane would be. Myka puts on a burst of speed and crosses the finish
line to come in second.

Kate and Brent, on either sides of the finish line watch closely.
Whether it's from the aerodynamics of her feather covered body, or the
extra push from her flapping wings, Marsha takes third place edging out
Jane by a nose. Jane takes fourth, and Sue, trailing by five feet,
takes fifth place.

The ponies travel on past the finish line as they try to gain control
of their carts to make them slow down. Trish has made her turn and is
prancing lightly along the shoreline towards where Kent, Brent and Kate
have gathered. The other ponies get their carts stopped and turned, to
then gather together near the finish line.

Kent: "Great race, guys! Really excellent. As we all expected, Sam and
Trish grab first place today with their four legged pony costume.

"Second place goes to Lisa and Myka. Congratulations, girls. And third,
by a nose, is our chicken pony. Brandi and Marsha as Pegasus!

"I guess we can hold the van until you get your costumes off, then
someone will give you a lift back to camp. Your pony costumes will be
stored and given to you when we all return home.

"Good work, everyone. We'll see you all in a couple of days."

Sam gets Trish unhitched from their cart. After being bent over on four
legs for most of the morning she has a bit of trouble straightening up.
Sam holds onto his four legged pony as she rises up on her hind legs.
Sam unties her bit and gets it out of her mouth.

Sam: "You Ok?"

Trish: "Just a bit light headed. God-Damn that was fun!"

Sam starts unscrewing the plates holding her wrist chains in place in
the tubes. He helps slide out the chain as Trish pulls her hand from
inside.

Peter: To Sue. "I would have gone on a diet if I'd have known you'd be
pulling me."

Sue: "I'm sorry. It was just so hard to get that cart moving."

Peter: "Cheer up, Sue. I think we're still holding second place in the
points totals."

Peter and Sue board the van for the ride back to camp. They sit closely
together with Sue snuggled against her dom's arm.

[Roll credits.] [Split screen with credits, show points totals.]


The Major and Jane            144
Peter and Sue                 138
Lisa and Myka                 130
Brandi and Marsha             127 
Sam and Trish                 126


[END Episode 10.]


"Next time on Surviver:" "Alliances begin to shift amongst two of our
couples." [Show the Major helping Myka into the boat, holding her
hand.] "And we host a birthday party for Brandi." [Clip of the gang,
eating cake and icecream.]


 - End of file. -






 Episode  11.       SURVIVER          (C) dino 2001

[Start.]

[Voiceover and show scenes of island.] "We're down to five Dominant -
Submissive couples now, stranded on this tiny South Seas island and
left here to survive. Every three days, the couples will have to
compete against each other in two challenge competitions, for rewards,
and for points.

Just two more episodes to go before the final episode, where we find
out which couple will be leaving the island with our grand prize, of
One Million Dollars.

"Last time on Surviver:" [Run clips as the host, Kent, speaks.]

"The two female dominants and their submissives take a walk up the
beach to reflect on the beauty of the island." [Clip of Brandi] "It's
hard to imagine anywhere nicer." [Clip of Myka holding a sea shell.]

"The next day, Trish and Myka bring some down home goodness to the
survivers camp by baking coconut flavoured bread in an oven that the
Major made.

"The challenge tested the contestants creativity when they were given
some tools and supplies, and asked to make pony girl outfits for the
submissives." [Show clips of the five costumes. Clips of the race.]
"After the costume showing the subs raced against each other, pulling
carts with their doms sitting in them. Trish, with her four legged pony
costume, won the race.

"Stay with us now as our five surviver couples move closer to one of
them leaving here with a Million Dollars."


[Run Opening Title Sequence.]  [Episode Intro Sequence: 65 seconds.]


[End episode intro.]


[Evening, after the ponycart race.]

The mood in the camp this evening is light hearted because everyone had
fun showing their pony girl costumes and running the race. The couples
sit around the campfire down on the beach. All except for Jane, and her
dominant, the Major. The Major has her off to the side and in a hushed,
but tense voice, is berating her for loosing the race.

Major: "We couldn't have won against four legged Trish, but we were
ahead of the others! Why did you decide to slack off?"

Jane: "I'm sorry, Sir. But those two wooden dildos and the tight crotch
strap had m. . . ."

Major: Sarcastic whisper. "Oh dear oh dear. The two little dildos were
too much for my poor sub to handle." He moves in close, right in Jane's
face. "Listen, you. This is a contest with a strong sexual tone to it.
We placed second in the costume class because of those two dildos. If I
hadn't thought you could handle yourself out here I never would have
brought you. Don't you God Damn make me regret that decision."

Jane is looking down at the sand. She looks almost ready to cry. But
then we see the muscles in her jaw tighten, as she firms up her resolve
not to let herself break down. Again. Others in the group around the
fire have noticed the girl's harsh treatment.

Jane: "No, Sir."

Major: "What?"

Jane: She looks up. "No sir. I'll try harder sir."

Major: "Get out of here. Bring me down my tea, then hit the sack."

Jane: "Yes, Sir."

Jane turns to go fix her master's tea and the Major joins the others
around the fire. Everyone is quiet for a time, uncomfortable with how
the Major has just treated Jane, unsure of what to say.

The Major sits alone, seemingly lost in his thoughts. The other
dominants hold their partners or cuddle with them. One of the subs
might stir from a fingernail down the spine, or a playful pinch to a
nipple.

These past few weeks since the split, all of the subs and many of the
doms have gone "native", unclothed. Brandi and Lisa have mostly since
day one. All except for the Major. He's rarely seen without at least a
pair of shorts on.

Peter changes places with his sub Sue, so he's sitting beside the
Major. The Major notices the movement and he glances towards Peter. He
sees the man's half erect cock and quickly looks away. Peter crosses
his legs and makes some attempt to cover himself with an arm.

Peter: "You know, Major, Jane's trying her hardest out here. We can all
see the effort that she puts into the challenges. Maybe you should cut
her a bit of slack."

Major: "Cut her some slack?"

Peter: "Sure. Sue came in last in the race, but I'm not going to chew
her out. I know she tried, and that's what counts."

Major: "No. Winning is what counts. Sue is short and overweight. You
should be working her hard to build up some muscle."

Peter feels Sue bristle beside him and he places a hand on her thigh to
calm her. Although she's put on a few extra pounds out here, she's far
from overweight. He tries to keep his expression neutral, even though
he'd much rather land a punch on the smug face of the man sitting next
to him. Peter tries again.

Peter: "It's not like you're losing. You've held first place in the
points totals throughout these last three challenges. All I'm
suggesting is that you might catch more flies with honey than vinegar."

Major: "Well, well. The view from the middle of the pack. Thank you,
but no. I'll stick to what I know works."

Peter turns to glance at Sue. Sue rolls her eyes and gives her
shoulders a tiny shrug. They tried.

Jane approaches the group with the Major's mug of tea in her hands. She
hands the cup to him and pauses for a moment, in case he needs
something else. When the Major doesn't acknowledge her, she turns to
go.

Sue gives her dom a bump and she stands. Peter follows her as she
leaves the fire to walk out into the water. When they're far enough
away, Sue turns to Peter. Peter speaks up before she can.

Peter: "Well, tubby. It looks like I'll have to whip you into shape
tomorrow."

Sue: "Not funny. Though you did manage to avoid knocking his teeth down
his throat."

Peter: "It was touch and go for a moment there."

Sue: "What makes a man be like that?"

Peter: "I don't know. Has Jane said anything more?"

Sue: "No. She'll talk about stuff in general. But about the two of
them, nothing."

Peter: "Despite what we may think, their relationship must be working
on some level. Why else would they stay together?"

Sue: "What if she's afraid of him? What if she really thinks that he'd
kill her if she left?"

Peter: "This is the United States, Sue. Or at least back home it is.
All she'd have to do is go to the police, or a women's shelter. They'd
help her get free of him. But she has to want to first."

Sue: "I saw her heading for the shelter. I'll go and see if she's all
right."

Peter: "Bring me back something to drink so it doesn't look like you're
just going to check on her."

Sue: "Don't want to upset old blood and guts."

Peter: "Look. You may not like it but a lot of times he's right. And
don't forget, he and Jane have led in the points totals more than once
during this game. If you think he's arrogant now, wait until he walks
out of here with a million bucks."

Sue: "We can't let that happen."

Peter: "Well, fatso. You'd better stop stuffing yourself with Trish's
bread."

The two come together in a big hug. Sue raises up on tip toes to better
fit against her dom. Sue's hands are between them and Peter tilts her
face up with a finger under her chin. He lowers his head to kiss her.

Peter: "Don't be long."

Sue: "I just want to see that she's Ok."

They break the embrace and Peter heads back to the fire while Sue slips
away to the shelter. Peter sits with Sam and Trish for a while.

A bit later on Sue returns with a mug of coffee for her dom and one for
Sam. She and Trish sip from a jug of water she's brought, then it's
passed along to the others. Peter gives her a look, and Sue gives her
head a tiny shake. Jane is still unwilling to talk.

Seagulls wheel and squawk their goodnights as darkness descends over
Surviver Island. The group enjoys the warm night breeze and each
other's company for a while longer. All except for the Major, who sits
alone, seemingly lost in his thoughts.

Later on the couples begin to leave the campfire to head up to the
shelter for the night. The Major is the last to leave, standing, a lone
figure outlined in the dying fire's light. With a last look out to sea,
he turns to go.

[Title: DAY THIRTY TWO.]

It's dawn but there's no one awake. Marsha's pet pig, Hector, sleeps on
top of the camp table. He gives a quiet grunt as the camera passes by.

Inside the shelter the camera looks into the rooms. People are sprawled
on the mats, blankets tossed to the side. It was warm and humid all
night last night. Inside the large back room are the four girls, Lisa
and Brandi and their subs, sleeping soundly, apart. Too hot for close
cuddling last night.

The camera returns outside to wait.

Trish and Myka are the first to step from the shelter. They both give a
glance to the camera before heading off to the toilet. When they
return, Sam is building the morning fire. He gathers twigs and
branches, places dry leaves and moss on the bottom. Smoke billows
forth, followed, by licks of orange flame.

The three sit around the table. Hector has not moved from his spot on
the top. He knows that in a few more minutes, just a bit longer, yes?
Yes. A ray of sunlight stabs through the trees and down across the
pig's backside to warm the top of the camp table.

Trish puts out her hand to idly scratch Hector's head. Warm sun on his
ass, a hand to scratch behind his ears. This has to be be pig Heaven,
he thinks.

The Major steps out from the shelter. He takes in the scene around the
table, then turns to go to the toilet. Myka's eyes follow him. Trish
watches Myka's eyes following the Major. She glances at Sam, who's
watching the fire burn.

Trish: "So, Myka. What do you think of the way the Major treats Jane?"

Myka: She looks at Trish. "Well, I don't know. Some girls like tough
discipline. Some enjoy the humiliation. Who are we to judge what others
do."

Trish: "Some of us think that Jane is not like that. That she doesn't
enjoy the rough stuff."

Myka: "I have also heard Sue say that. Yet we are submissives. We are
slaves, not because it is forced upon us, but because we want to be. We
are each free if we're not happy to leave one partner and find another.
Is this not true of Jane as well?"

Trish: "A person can't be held against their will. Jane has had plenty
of opportunities out here to speak up if she wanted to get away from
the Major. Sue has asked her many times now. Yet, she is reluctant to
talk."

Myka: "Then perhaps there's nothing to say. She stays because it is
what she wants. Shhh, here he comes."

As the Major reaches the shelter, Jane steps out. He says something to
her and then heads off to the beach. Jane glances towards the table,
then goes off to the toilet.

Since no one seems interested in getting the coffee going, Sam stands
up to find a pot and fill it with water. He puts it over the fire, then
sits back down to wait for the water to boil.

Peter and Sue leave the shelter to join the others at the table. Jane
returns from the toilet and passes by the group. She gives a tiny nod
of acknowledgment, then heads down to the beach to join her master in
their morning exercises. Myka looks to Peter.

Myka: "Peter, you seem close to the Major. Do you think that he'd cause
harm to Jane? I mean really hurt her for no reason?"

Peter: "I'm not sure, Myka. Sometimes people get off simply by causing
another person pain. I think that we've all seen the marks on Jane.
She's obviously been through a lot with him. Would he cause her serious
harm? I believe he would, if provoked. Would he enjoy it? That could
also be true.

"I can't say for certain because I am not close to him. I don't think
that I'd want to get to know a person like that. Though I do think that
I can understand him a little."

Myka: "He seems to control Jane through punishment, yet I have never
seen him offer her so much as a kind word. No matter what she does,
there is only more pain and punishment. Can it be that this is what she
wants?"

Sue: "Continuous pain and humiliation? I'd doubt it."

Trish: "Who would want to live like that?"

Myka: "We can only assume that she does."

Sam goes to the food stores to measure out some ground coffee. He takes
the pot of boiling water off, adds the coffee grounds and covers the
pot. Sam looks up into the camera that's on him, then he glances back
to the table. He puts his hand to his mouth to whisper.

Sam: To the camera. "I doubt that the Major has to make his own
coffee."

Sam brings the pot of coffee to the table. Trish shoos Hector off, then
goes to find the cups. When the drink has finished brewing, Trish pours
the cups full. She hands one to Sam.

People begin to come and go while a few of the girls organize some sort
of meal. There's no bread and no eggs, but there's oatmeal and powdered
milk. There's a bottle of sweet jam, so each bowl of oatmeal gets a
scoop of jam on top to make it taste like something.

After breakfast, Peter and Sue go check the mail. The Major tells Jane
to meet him by the boat. He's going out to Chicken Island to catch the
group's dinner. Trish decides to make more bread in their tin can oven.

The Major finds his knife and a machete, then heads down to the beach.
Lisa and Brandi have offered to do the cleanup after the morning meal
and they watch him go.

Lisa: To Brandi. "Well at least he helps out around here."

Brandi: "Even right from the start. It was him that got us all
organised to put up the shelter."

Lisa: "So why does he have to think himself so superior to the rest of
us?"

Brandi: "I don't know. Hey, what day is it today?"

Lisa: "I don't know. Why?"

Brandi: "I've got a birthday coming up soon."

Trish: "Sam is keeping track of the days. Ask him when you see him."

The Major follows the trail to the beach. There, he sees his sub Jane,
standing by the boat and talking to Myka. The Major's lips form a tiny
smile. He'd like to know what they're talking about, though rather than
try to overhear, he lets them both see him coming.

Major: To Myka. "We're going to Mohi to find some supper. Want to come
with us?"

Myka: "Yes, I'd like to go. I should tell Lisa where I'll be, though."

Major: "Sam is right over there." He calls to him, "Hey, Sam!"

The Major waves his arm and Sam comes over to them.

Major: "Myka wants to see Chicken Island. Tell Lisa where she's gone,
will you?"

Sam: "Sure, Major."

Major: "Help us get the boat in the water."

Sam: "Ok."

Sam and the Major drag the boat out from the bushes and down the sand
to the water. The Major holds the boat steady so Myka can get in. He
lets go when Jane is halfway in and he climbs in back. The Major fires
up the motor and they pull away.

[Cut to:] The mail tree.

Peter and Sue find a scrap of paper inside the mail tube with the
current points totals printed on it.

Peter: "We're in second place. Six down from the Major."

Sue: "Who's last?"

Peter: "Sam and Trish. They're only six points under us."

Sue: "I don't think they have ever been in the lead."

Peter: "I know. They just barely made it through the split."

The sound of the motor boat makes them both look up. Sue puts her hands
over her eyes to shade them.

Sue: "That's the Major and Jane. And Myka's with him!"

Peter: "Shit!"

[Camera in boat following the Major and the two girls.]

Myka sees Peter and Sue at the mail tree as they pass, and she waves to
them. The Major sees Peter and Sue wave before they head back towards
camp. Myka has to hold on to her hair because it's whipping all around
her. The Major sees that a small bunch of strands are brushing against
Jane's arm. Something stirs inside his shorts and he absentmindedly
reaches down to rearrange himself.

The Major slows a little when they pass the Southern end of their
island. The wind is up and the water in the channel between the islands
is quite choppy. He cuts into the waves and the little boat bounces up
and down as they plow through the swells.

Myka and Jane have to hang onto their seats as the boat rides the
waves. Myka's hair now blows free to brush over the Major's chest and
legs. He reaches out to let the silky strands caress his hand and arm.
The Major becomes aware that, for the first time in a long while, he
has a raging hard-on. He drops his hand to his lap as Myka turns to
look at him. She flashes him a smile.

Myka's smiling face almost makes him swoon like a school girl. She
turns to face front again and the Major lets out the breath he's been
holding. "Christ," he thinks. "What's happening to me out here?"

The Major cuts the boat hard over to ride the waves along the shore of
Mohi. At the small beach he pulls in and stops the motor. He lifts the
motor up so the prop won't get damaged by rocks. The boat drifts into
shore.

Major: "Wait until I get the boat onto land, Myka. It's pretty rocky
here."

With the help of a big wave, the Major gets the boat up on shore. Jane
hands him the rope from the front and he ties it off around a rock. The
two girls get out to stand on the shore of Chicken Island. Inquisitive
chickens gather around them.

Jane has the pail and the Major tells her to go find two dozen eggs.

Major: "Remember what I showed you about finding good ones?"

Jane: "Yes, Sir."

Major: "Good. Carry on."

Jane heads off into the jungle to look for eggs. Myka is standing on a
rock and watching the chickens around her. The Major stands behind her,
watching her.

Since day one he's noticed the pretty Asian girl. That she and the
other girl Lisa are a couple is of little coincidence. They are both
just confused. That's all. Two girls together like that? That ain't
right.

The times that he'd given her a little push, she'd stood her ground and
pushed right back. Oh, she's a tough one, this little Asian girl.
She'd be a tough one to crack.

It wouldn't be like his other girl, the one that he now calls Jane.
This one, it seems, knows no fear. It wouldn't be trembling cowardice
from this one. Oh no. This one would take it. . . like. . . a man?

The Major has to halt these thoughts to get himself under control. He
straightens his shorts as Myka turns to look at him. The Major looks
out to sea.

Major: "It's pretty out here, isn't it."

Myka: "Oh yes. I wish that I could stay here forever. There's plenty of
food, and fresh, clean air. Nothing to do but enjoy the beauty all
around you."

Major: "What about your chains? Could you see yourself stuck here,
chained up, forever?"

Myka looks at the cuffs around her wrists. Her feet shift a bit and the
links of her ankle chain tinkle against the rock. She smiles to herself
and looks up.

Myka: "In the beginning of the contest, I didn't think that I could put
up with these chains on me all the time. But now, after so long, it's
like they've become a part of me."

Major: "You're a very beautiful girl, Myka."

Myka: She looks down, blushing. "Thank you, Sir."

Major: "Come. Let's round up our dinner."

[Go commercial.] / [Return.]

[Survivers campsite.]

Lisa: "She's where!?"

Sue: "We saw her in the boat with the Major and Jane."

Sam is sitting at the camp table, drinking coffee and watching his wife
as she kneads the bread dough.

Sam: "Oh yeah. I forgot to tell you. Myka said that she's going to
Chicken Island with them."

Lisa: "She's what? Don't you suppose that she should have come and
asked Me if she could go?"

Sam: "Well, the Major was leaving and I guess she just decided to go."

Lisa: "Oh right, Sam. Why should I have to know what my sub is doing."

Brandi: "It's not like they'll go far. They should be back in a couple
of hours."

Lisa: "That's not the point. I don't want Myka around that man."

Lisa leaves the camp area to go down to the beach and wait for her
submissive's return. Brandi joins Sam and Trish at the table. Trish
sprinkles more flour over her bread dough and works it in with her
hands. At times, when she folds the dough over, her wrist chain gets
caught up in the sticky dough. Trish has to stop and pick bread dough
off of her chain.

Brandi: "Sam, do you know what the date is?"

Sam: "It's the fourteenth today. Why?"

Brandi: "Tomorrow's my birthday."

Trish: "We'll have to have a party!"

Peter: "Tomorrow is challenge day."

Sue: "After the challenge then. In the evening."

Trish: "On the beach! Perfect."

[Cut to: The beach.]

Lisa lays down on the sand and she tries to relax. She's nervous about
her sub being alone on Mohi with the Major. She's seen the looks that
he's given her at times. Although she likes to think that Myka is only
being friendly, she has begun to worry that her shy little smiles to
him might mean something more than just common courtesy.

The sun is hot and the air feels muggy. There's a steady breeze though,
so the heat doesn't feel so bad. Lisa moves out of the sun to the shade
under a palm tree.

Lisa and Myka have been together for four years now. They've had many
good times and very few bad times. Yet lately, Lisa has sensed a
restlessness in Myka that she hasn't been able to satisfy.

Myka has hinted a few times to Lisa that she'd like to have things be
different. She'd asked Lisa to be more forceful with her. Be more in
charge. The trouble is, it's not in Lisa's nature to be like that. Lisa
likes to be the one in charge, but she is often reluctant to take
charge. Forcing her views on someone makes her feel uneasy. Also, Myka
has a strong will of her own, which Lisa at times will envy. She
wouldn't feel right trying to tame that spirit.

Could Myka see in the Major, that which she'd asked before of Lisa?
Could she possibly be envious of Jane? Can a person as strong willed as
Myka possibly wish for another to take total control of her, as the
Major has done with Jane?" Surely Myka has to realise what kind of a
man the Major is. Trying to flirt with someone like that is like
tempting the dragon. Lisa would hate to see her sub get burnt.

Lisa looks up as she hears the sound of their little motor boat
approaching. She sees Myka and Jane sitting together, the Major
steering from the back seat. He cuts the motor and raises it, letting
the waves take the boat to shore. Lisa goes to them.

The Major and the three girls help haul the boat across the sand to
where the bushes reach down to the shoreline. The Major ties the rope
to a thick branch. Inside the boat are five headless chickens and a
pail full of eggs

Major: "Jane and I will clean the birds down here, Myka, if you and
Lisa would like to take the eggs up to camp."

Myka: "Thank you for the boatride, Sir."

Major: "My pleasure, darling."

Lisa's eyes flash with fury but she hides it from her sub.

Lisa: "Come on, Myka."

Lisa can make it hard, or she can play it cool. She decides to let it
lie for now with just a warning to her submissive. The two are
following the trail up to the campsite.

Lisa: "Be careful of him, Myka. You don't know what he's capable of."

Myka: "What do you mean, Lisa?"

Lisa: "You know what I mean. I've seen the way he looks at you."

A little grin spreads on Myka's lips.

Myka: "Don't worry. I'll be Ok."

Lisa: "I do worry about you. That's the problem."

Back at camp, Trish has two loaves of bread in the oven and another one
on the table ready to bake. The two now cooking have chopped coconut
mixed into the dough. The other, chunks of pineapple. Trish lifts the
front of the oven to look inside. The two toasty golden round loaves
are ready to come out.

Brandi holds a board while Trish lifts out each loaf with two sticks.
Brandi sets the board with the hot bread onto the table. Trish gets the
last loaf on a flat stick and into the oven. The smell of fresh bread
permeates the camp.

Lunch is a large can of soup and fresh bread. Supper is chicken, a
wilted but good nonetheless salad, and cooked carrots. And fresh bread.
After the meal, towards evening, all of the challengers lay around on
the beach or swim in the sea.

Later on when it starts to get dark, the bonfire is lit. They keep the
fire small because it's still quite hot this evening. The couples begin
to gather around.

Trish: "I have an announcement to make. Tomorrow is Brandi's birthday."
A few people cheer. "After the challenge tomorrow, time permitting,
we'll have a party down here. All right?"

Lisa: "Sounds good."

Sue: "Great!"

[Title: DAY THIRTY THREE.]

Dawn draws hot, hazy and humid. The challengers begin to straggle out
of the shelter. None of them slept all that well because of the sticky
heat.

Peter and Sam make a quick trip to the well, hoping to fill jugs with
fresh cool water. The well water is a bit cooler than that in the jugs
standing around camp, but not by much. By the time they've returned
with four big jugs of water they're both sweating profusely.

Some of the survivers head for the beach to take a swim. The water in
the ocean feels hot too, and there's salt residue on their skin to deal
with after. Eggs are boiled in a big pot and left to cool before being
eaten. Sue and Trish find some fruit.

Peter: "Remember when you could just turn a switch and have air
conditioning?"

Marsha: "Remember electricity?"

Lisa: "Light whenever you need it? Flip a switch and it's there."

Brandi and Marsha head down the beach to check the mail. At the mail
tree, Brandi reaches into the tube to pull out a rolled up piece of
paper. She straightens it out and looks at it.

Brandi: "Oh my God!"

Marsha looks at the front of the challenge announcement. There's a
colourful picture of a clown, balloons, and a cake with candles. The
title reads, "Come to my Birthday Party". Brandi opens the invitation
and reads:

"A birthday celebration for Brandi, who's 27 today. Please come to the
sand bar, North of camp, at noon. Lunch will be provided."

Marsha: "A party?"

Brandi: "There's suppose to be a challenge today."

Back at camp, everyone gathers around to see the party invitation.

Sue: "Birthday parties usually have games, no?"

Trish: "Kids parties, sure. Pin the tail on the donkey. Spin the
bottle. I guess Brandi will get a real party after all."

Sam: "Maybe we'll play pin the tail on the submissive."

Everyone starts to laugh. Even the Major is smiling.

Myka: "Owch!"

When the time comes, the group makes it's way along the beach to the
challenge site. The hazy sun beats down on the hot contestants, who
walk through the water to try and cool down.

At the sand bar they see a large canopy tent with chairs and a few
tables set up inside. Outside, scattered around the area, are ominous
looking pieces of equipment that are no doubt for the "games". Kent and
Brent greet the contestants at the entrance to the tent.

Kent: "Welcome. Congratulations, Brandi. Happy birthday. We'd planned
on holding the party in the jungle clearing but it's just too hot. At
least here by the water there's a bit of a breeze.

"There's coolers of ice and softdrinks and water. Please, help
yourselves. After we've cooled off a bit I'll go through the challenges
with you all."

Everyone sits under the shade of the tent for a while with drinks and
icecubes in their hands.

Kent: "Ok. What we have today is four party type games. Not really
children's party type games though. Two of the games will have a first
place winner and a runner up. For these games, first gets fifteen
points and second place gets five.

"Two of the games are a simple win or lose with ten points up for
grabs. For one, the submissive will have a choice. Do the challenge for
ten points or refuse the challenge and get no points.

"We'll start off the day, Sam, with the Surviver Island version of pin
the tail on the submissive."

A few of the doms laugh. The subs find it less funny this time.

Kent: "Don't worry, there's no pins. In fact, the subs might even like
this one. What we have is this:"

[Show equipment as Kent explains the challenge] One of the hard wooden
chairs from the quiz show challenge is screwed down onto a low
platform. However, the smaller vibrating dildo from before has been
replaced with a slightly larger one with an industrial strength
vibrator bolted on underneath the seat of the chair.

On a stand is a laser gun target, a circle about three inches across.
A line is drawn in the sand about thirty feet from the target.

Kent: "The Submissive will sit on the chair with the dildo up in you.
Your dominant will be blindfolded and led to the line. He'll have a
laser gun. The object is for you, the sub, to guide your dom by calling
out instructions. There's a sixty second time limit, and you have to
instruct your dom to get the laser aimed at the target, then hold the
beam on the target for fifteen seconds.

"Whenever the beam hits the target, the vibrator will start up. Once
the laser is on the target, your dominant has to hold still and keep
firing. The dildo will then run for a maximum of fifteen seconds before
shutting off. During that time, you, the submissive, will have to have
an orgasm. With the power of this vibrator I don't think that will be
much of a problem.

"So! Who wants to go first? The Birthday girl?"

Trish: "Yeah, Brandi and Marsha first."

Lisa: "Brandi! Brandi!"

Kent: "Right. Ladies? The rest of you can remain here in the shade
until it's your turn."

Brent leads Marsha to the chair and helps her get settled on it. Kent
shows Brandi the laser gun. He ties a blindfold over Brandi's eyes
while Brent hooks up some sensors on a belt around Marsha's chest.
These will sense when she's having an orgasm to then ring a bell and
light up a light above the chair. Kent spins Brandi around three times,
then lets her go.

Kent: "Ready?"

Brent: "Power on."

Kent: "GO!"

Marsha: "Turn to your left. Your left. More. Stop. Up a bit. Up, no
down. Right. Aieee!"

The beam briefly hits the target and the big vibrator rattles the dildo
in Marsha's pussy.

Brandi: "What?"

Marsha: "It's Ok. Up an inch. Right. AAAAA! Hold it! UUnnngg! Oh."

Brandi has let the beam drift off the target.

Marsha: "Up a little. . . Hold IT.T.T.T."

Brandi can hear the vibrator shaking the chair and she concentrates on
holding as still as she can. Marsha concentrates on trying to cum,
which doesn't take long at all. After ten seconds of steady hammering
from the dildo, a bell starts ringing and the light lights up. Brent
cuts the power to the vibrator.

From the tent, the others look on.

Sam: "We have a winner!"

Kent: "That's it! Congratulations to Brandi and Marsha. Ten points for
you."

Brent helps a shaky Marsha off the dildo while Kent removes Brandi's
blindfold. The chair gets a wash with some sea water in readiness for
the next challenger. Sam and Trish offer to go next.

Under Trish's direction, Sam finds the target quickly. He hears the
vibrator come to life. Sam lets the gun drift left to stop the vibrator
for a few seconds. Then he moves back on target again. He does this a
few times; he knows the rhythm Trish likes. The vibrator going on and
off primes Trish up.

Sam acquires the target again and holds still. The vibrator rattles the
chair. Trish explodes in a massive cum. The ringing of the bell can
hardly be heard over her yells and moans.

Kent: "Winner!"

Lisa can't get the hang of holding still on the target. The vibrator
starts and stops. Myka calls out the directions to her domme, but the
sixty second time limit runs out before she gets a chance to cum.

Peter and Sue fare better though with Sue writhing on the dildo for the
full fifteen seconds, before cumming hard on it. Peter smiles as he
watches a sweaty Sue being helped off the chair and the big dildo.

Jane is very uncomfortable in directing her dom to the target.

Jane: "Left, Sir. Left, Sir. Up two inches. Down, Sir."

Major: "Skip the sir, and tell me where to aim!"

Jane: "Left. AAAUUNNggg."

The vibrator springs to life and frightens Jane. The vibrator rattles
for the fifteen seconds and shuts off. Jane has not managed to orgasm.
Jane is breathing hard as she's helped off the chair and they all head
for the shade of the tent.

Kent: "Great! Peter, Sam, and Brandi grab ten points each. We'll take a
break for a while before we do the next game."

Cold drinks and bags of chips are passed around. After a while, Kent
rounds everyone up and they all go to the water's edge where the next
game is set up.

Twenty feet from the water is an eight foot high trestle. Five ladders
lean against it. Five small pails sit at the bottoms. Hanging from
brackets on the trestle, are five small funnels and attached to the
bottoms of the funnels are five, large sized condoms.

Kent: "Ok. This is the water balloon race. The subs will fill their
pails with water and move to the ladders. You'll hand the pail to your
dom who will climb up the ladder and pour the water into the funnel,
thus, filling the condom. First condom to break gets you fifteen
points. Second gets five. All right?

"I know it's hot, so if anyone starts feeling sick or anything, just
stop. Don't try and push yourselves. If we have to, we'll do these
challenges at another time when the weather's better. Ok?

"Pick a spot, doms at the bottom of the ladders and subs with your pail
at the water's edge.

When everyone is in position, Kent starts the race. The limiting factor
in this race is how slow the subs are in their ankle hobble chains. The
doms have to watch to not spill any of the precious water.

The five condoms start to swell as more and more water is poured into
the funnels. The subs run into the water and return with a full pail.
The doms hurry up the ladders to pour in the water.

Sam is on his sixth trip up his ladder. He empties the pail into his
funnel. The condom stretches, and then, Whosh! The condom rips and
dumps the water onto the sand.

Lisa is pouring the water in and her condom bursts. A second later the
Major's condom breaks, but the race has been won.

Kent: "First place in the water balloon race, Sam and Trish! Fifteen
points, guys. Second place goes to Lisa and Myka. Take a swim everyone,
and we'll have some lunch."

Everyone goes in for a swim. Even Kent and Brent strip down and splash
around a bit. Back at the tent, a crewman is cooking hotdogs on a
barbecue. There's steamed buns and all the fixings, mustard, coleslaw,
the works. Cold soft drinks, iced tea, or cold water to drink. They all
have a leisurely meal under the shade of the big tent.

[Iso shot: Kent standing outside the tent.]

Kent: "A person with a submissive nature has little choice but to place
his or her trust in their partner. Very often, the submissive will
willingly let themselves be put into a situation that could be risky,
or even dangerous. The submissive needs to have complete trust in the
dominant who's in charge and controlling the scene.

"Our next challenge will test the submissive's willingness to place
their trust in Brent and myself."

Kent returns inside the tent and asks everyone to quiet down.

Kent: "Ok, everyone. This next challenge is a real easy one. It's for
the subs only, and you can do it or you can refuse. If you choose go
through with the challenge, you'll earn ten points.

"I'm going to take each couple, one at a time, around the back of the
tent. Who's up first? Peter?"

Peter: "Sure."

Kent leads Peter and Sue around the back of the tent. A little ways
into the jungle and they come to a thick wooden wall about seven feet
square. Brent is standing about ten feet in front of the wall. He has a
small axe in his hand.

Kent: "Peter. Please stand over there. You must not say anything to
Sue, or interfere with the challenge in any way. This challenge is for
her alone. All right?"

Peter: "Ok, Kent."

Peter stands off to the side. Kent leads Sue to the front of the wall
and he asks her to stand with her back against it. He pulls a blindfold
from his pocket.

Kent: "Now Sue, here's the challenge. I'll blindfold you and then, when
you're ready, Brent is going to throw the axe at the wall behind you.
He's been practicing a lot and he's pretty sure that he won't hit you."

Sue: "What?"

Kent: "You just have to stand still and whenever you're ready, you say
the word and Brent will throw the axe."

Kent sees that Peter is going to speak up and he raises his hand to
him. Brent takes a step towards Peter.

Kent: "The decision is yours, Sue. I can promise that you won't be
harmed in any way today. You'll have to trust Brent and I that the axe
won't strike you. Only the wall behind you. Can you believe me, Sue?"

Sue: "I. . . ."

Sue looks to her dominant for guidance. Brent is standing beside him.

Brent: To Peter. "The decision must be hers alone, Peter."

Kent stands in front of Sue, between her and her dominant.

Kent: "I'm going to put the blindfold on you now, Sue."

Kent ties the cloth over Sue's eyes.

Kent: "I'll now position you in the center of the wall. Whenever you're
ready, just say so. Brent will throw the axe and it will strike only
the wall behind you."

Kent stands to the side. Brent takes his position ten feet in front of
Sue. Sue is very nervous.

Kent: "You can accept the challenge and place your trust in us, that
you won't be hurt, or you can refuse and lose out on ten points. It's
up to you, Sue."

Peter is also very agitated but Brent gives him the Ok sign. Brent
silently moves toward Kent and hands him the axe. Kent makes a motion
that he'll smack the axe right into the wall beside Sue's head. Peter
gets it, and grins. Brent moves back into position ten feet from the
wall.

Kent: "What's it going to be, Sue?"

Sue: "I. . . . I'll. . . do it."

Kent: "All right, Sue. Now hold very still."

Kent waits several seconds and then he drives the blade of the axe into
the wall, mere inches from Sue's head. Sue jumps and lets out a yelp.
She pulls the blindfold from her eyes and looks to the side. The blade
of the axe is imbedded an inch into the wall beside her.

Sue almost faints and Kent steadies her. Peter moves towards her.

Kent: "Congratulations, Sue. You've passed the challenge. If you'd both
like to wait over to the side, we'll bring out the next couple."

The next couple is Lisa and Myka. Kent cautions Lisa that if she
interferes, or makes any sounds, they'll have to be disqualified from
this challenge. Lisa listens with morbid fear as Kent explains the
challenge to Myka. Myka agrees to do it.

Kent ties the blindfold over Myka's eyes. He gets her into position.

Sue lets out a tiny gasp when she sees Brent hand the axe off to Kent.
When she sees that it's Kent who chops the axe into the wall she gives
Peter's nipple a twist.

Sue: Whispered to Peter. "You rat. Did you know about this all along?"

Peter: "Brent gave me a clue when the blindfold went on you."

Sue and Myka both pass the challenge. Marsha does not. When the
blindfold goes over her eyes she begins to get very agitated.

Marsha: "No. No. I can't."

Kent: "You have to trust me, Marsha. You won't be hurt in any way
during this challenge."

Marsha: "I can't. Please? No."

Marsha refuses to do the challenge. Kent removes her blindfold.

Sam almost blows their chance when he gets really upset after hearing
what the challenge is about. Brent has to stand right in front of him
and whisper to him that Trish WILL NOT be injured. Trish is upset too,
but she agrees to do the challenge. The axe hits the wall and Trish
lets out a sigh of relief before pulling the blindfold from her eyes.

Jane refuses at first, which surprises the hell out of the Major. But
then Jane decides to think twice about having her dom lose ten points
over her unwillingness to take an axe to the head. It would be quicker,
and probably less painful than what he'd do to her. Jane agrees to do
the challenge. She's relieved when she finds out that it was all just a
setup.

Kent: "All right everyone. We'll take another break now so we can cool
off a little. The final game will be one of my favorites, the three
legged race. After that, we'll have cake and icecream!"

Back to the shade of the tent for cool drinks again. The breeze has
picked up a little and blows in from the sea. This makes it seem a bit
cooler now. The challengers rest up for a while, drinking cold drinks
and eating or holding icecubes.

Kent and Brent move amongst the couples with pieces of rope. One of
each sub's ankles, the right one, gets tied to their dominant's left
ankle. Kent tells each couple to remain seated until they're all roped
together.

Kent: "Ok. Now we'll make this easy for you since it's so hot today.
The starting line will be the edge of the tent. The finish line," Kent
looks out along the beach. "That palm tree and the rocks beside it."

Brent sprints out to the finish line and stops. With a stick, he draws
a line across the beach. The doms and subs stand up and discover just
how difficult this race will be. They all have trouble moving with one
ankle tied to their partner's. Kent watches the couples stagger towards
the starting line and he grins.

Kent: "All right. You can hold on to each other but one person can't
lift up the other person and carry them. I want to see proper
footprints in the sand from all of you. First couple across the finish
line earns fifteen points. Second place gets five. Everybody ready?"

The couples straggle into line. Kent moves a few feet down the course.

Kent: "Ready? Set? GO!"

Kent watches the start and then moves off the track. He follows the
couples as they go.

Sam and Trish, Lisa and Myka, the Major and Jane, all fall down right
at the start. They all struggle to get up again. Peter and Sue, and
Brandi and Marsha soon find a working rhythm. Move the foot that's tied
to their partner's foot first. Then, bring the foot that isn't tied
ahead next. The sub's ankle chains are an added impediment to running,
or walking, this race.

Marsha's ankle chain pulls up tight. Brandi moves too quick and Marsha
gets pulled off balance. She falls, taking Brandi with her. Sam and
Trish hobble past them. Brandi pulls Marsha to her feet and they get
going again.

Lisa and Myka have got a good rhythm going and are pulling ahead fast.
The Major struggles against Jane as he tries to get her walking in step
with him. Sue gets pulled off balance, but Peter is able to hold her
and stop her from falling. Then they loose seconds getting in step
again. Lisa passes Peter. The Major is in last place.

Sam and Trish lead, with Brandi and Marsha coming up fast. Brandi is
quietly calling out, "Step. . . step. . . " like a drill sergeant would
yell out, "Left, left," to keep the troops in line. They inch ahead of
Sam and Trish. Brandi and Marsha cross the finish line first, followed,
by Sam and Trish.

Kent: "We have our winners! The birthday girl takes first place for
fifteen points. Sam and Trish place second for five."

Brandi and Marsha hug each other. Sam kisses Trish. The other couples
join them at the finish line and begin to untie their ankles.

Kent: "Ok, folks! Cake and icecream in the tent."

Brandi's birthday party ends with a rousing rendition of "Happy
Birthday", sung by six naked women and five mostly naked men. Brandi
gets a hug from all the girls with the sub's chains often catching
around her neck. After that, everyone sits to enjoy big pieces of
chocolate cake with scoops of half melted but yummy vanilla icecream.
Kent posts the results of the day's games on a board.

Sam and Trish are the big winners, earning forty points in the games.
Brandi and Marsha place second with twenty five. Peter and Sue earned
twenty, Lisa and Myka get fifteen and the Major and Jane get ten.

Trish: To Sam. "We've shot into first place!"

Sam: "That we have, my sweet."

Kent: "Great job, everyone. Enjoy the dessert, and whenever you're
ready you can head back to camp. We'll see you all tomorrow."

The couples finish off the food and then go splash around in the ocean
to clean up and cool off. Shadows creep across the beach as the sun
begins to set over Surviver Island. The group makes it's way back to
camp.

[Go commercial.] / [Return.]

[Surviver beach.]

Most of the couples sit around the beach firepit and try to catch any
available breeze. Back in the jungle where their camp is, it's
sweltering hot. Once again, the Major has Jane off to the side and is
chewing her out for their doing so poorly in the last challenges.

Major: To Jane. "You think I came out here to end up losing? You think
that I've put up with bad weather, bad food, these other people, only
to have to leave here with nothing?"

Jane lets him rant on, knowing that it's sometimes better to keep
silent when he's like this.

The Major had been walking a circle around Jane who's been standing
still at attention. He stops, takes a step back and looks out to sea.

Major: "I suppose that I could blame myself for not being tough enough
on you. But ultimately, it is you who must now suffer. You will rise at
dawn tomorrow and you'll work yourself like never before. Come
challenge time I want you in fit condition. There'll be no more races
lost because you become fatigued. You read me?"

Jane: "Yes, sir."

At the firepit, Myka watches the Major as he shakes his finger in
Jane's face. He is scolding her like a mean father would a bad little
girl. Myka sees Jane look downward, her lower lip trembling. Will he
take her into the woods, she wonders, and beat her? Will Jane cry out
as the cane slashes across her bum? Or will she be strong, and take her
punishment without complaint.

The Major walks away from his sub leaving her standing there alone with
her shame. Jane finally looks up. She sees Myka staring at her. Jane
turns away and she heads up to the shelter.

Myka's interest in the Major's punishment of his sub, has not gone
unnoticed by Lisa. She can see by the two tell tail raised bumps on
Myka's breasts that her sub's imagination has gone into overdrive.

Lisa: To Myka. "Wishing it was you being treated like that?"

Myka: Myka's eyes shift to her mistress. "What do you mean, Lisa?"

Lisa brings up her hand to slide her thumb across one of Myka's puffed
up nipples.

Lisa: "It can't be the cold evening air that's got these looking like
raspberries ready for plucking. Is that what you want, Myka? to be
treated like some errant dog that's shit on the carpet? To be
constantly berated by some tin pot general with delusions of
Godliness?"

Myka: She looks down. "Sometimes I don't know what I want."

Lisa: "Look. We have a one in five chance of walking away from here
with a million dollars. Let's try and focus on getting through these
last few days. All right?"

Myka: She sighs, then gives her head a tiny nod. "Yes, Mistress."

[Title: DAY THIRTY FOUR.]

A lone contestant is seen standing on the beach in the dim dawn light.
It's Jane, beginning to do some stretching exercises like she's been
told to do by her dominant. She looks up at the sound of a motor.

A big yacht glides into view and slows to a stop just past the end of
the reef. Jane watches as the anchor chain rattles out from the bow.
The captain runs the ship back several yards to then set the stern
anchor. The engines shut down.

The Major steps out from the jungle and onto the beach. He sees his sub
standing there, staring at the boat. Although he sees that she is
breathing hard and she's sweating from the heat, he can't resist the
chance to chew her out.

Major: "You're supposed to be doing a workout down here, not standing
around and watching the pretty boats!"

Jane: She jumps, startled. "Yes, Sir. I'm sorry, Sir."

The Major moves beside her but his eyes are on the big ship. The boat
looks to be over one hundred feet long and could have three, maybe four
decks in the main hull. The ship is shiny white with green and blue
trim. It looks sleek, fast.

Major: "Is this just someone that's curious, or has it something to do
with us? Something to do with today's challenge perhaps?"

As the two watch, a small launch speeds away from the stern dock and
heads towards them. Kent is sitting in back while a crewman steers the
boat. Kent waves to the Major and Jane.

The launch reaches the beach and Kent climbs out. He moves toward the
two challengers as the crewman secures the boat.

Kent: "Morning, Major, Jane. I hadn't expected to see anyone this early
in the day."

Major: "We like to get an early start. What's up, Kent?"

Kent: "Well I thought it best to get today's challenge started early.
I've brought along a bit of breakfast for you all. If you'd like to go
tell the others, when they all get here we'll eat and I'll lay out the
challenge for everyone."

The Major sends Jane up to tell the others. He and Kent sit on the logs
around the firepit.

Major: "Any word on the weather, Kent?"

Kent: "This heat is suppose to remain in the area for the next twenty
four, to forty eight hours I'm afraid. There's a low pressure cell
building to the south of here. We could be in for a bit of a storm if
it turns this way."

Major: "This sticky heat isn't the best weather for running races."

Kent: "This next challenge won't be a race. It'll be held on the ship,
and there's air conditioning on board."

Major: "So it's something indoors, like a game of some kind?"

Kent: He smiles. "Like a game. You'll find out soon enough, Major."

About a half an hour later the other couples begin to show up on the
beach. They gather around the launch where Kent has a big pot of coffee
and bottles of cold juice for them.

Inside a cooler in the boat is your standard everyday luxury class
breakfast consisting of caviar, oysters, shrimp, and lobster tails.
There's crackers and delicate little pieces of toast. No champaign,
though.

Kent: "Right! Here's the deal. We'll take four of you, two doms and two
subs over to the ship. There's two lovely state rooms on board but,
sadly, you won't get a lot of time to enjoy the amenities.

"We'll tie the sub's hands behind her. Then, the sub will have twenty
minutes to give the dominant an orgasm. She can use her bound hands or
her feet or her mouth and her body. There's to be NO penetration. No
intercourse, guys.

"If the dom can hold out and not cum for the full twenty minutes, they
earn ten points. If the sub can force the dominant to orgasm in the
twenty minutes, they earn the ten points. The dom will allow the sub a
certain amount of control once you're inside the stateroom. That means
that the dominants must accept whatever the submissive decides to do,
to try and make him or her cum.

Peter: "Sorry, Kent. You're saying if either the sub makes their dom
cum, or the dom cums, we get ten points?"

Kent: "Not quite right, Peter. I said make THE dominant cum, not THEIR
dominant. You see, in this challenge, each sub will get a turn with all
the other dominants except for their own."

The contestants start looking around at each other. Some grumblings can
be heard.

Sam: "You mean that Trish will get a turn with all the other doms?"

Lisa: "You mean that the subs have to make all the other doms cum?"

Sue is staring at the Major who has a smirk on his face.

Kent: "That's right. It's sort of like a wife swapping party, but if
the sub can make you cum in twenty minutes, they score the points. If
you can hold off cumming, you get the points."

The couples are looking at their partners. Then they nervously glance
around at the others. Peter gives Sam a look, then his eyes flicker to
Trish. Sue is looking at Lisa and Brandi. And Myka is trying to not be
obviously glancing at the Major. Marsha, and Jane, simply look lost.

Kent: "What we'll do is this. Each dominant will draw a name from a hat
to pick the first submissive you'll go with. If you draw your own sub's
name, you'll have to pick again.

"We'll take two pairings at a time over to the ship. You'll all get one
turn this morning, another turn with another sub this evening. Then,
tomorrow, we'll do the final turns. Again, morning and evening. This
way, everyone gets a rest and a chance to freshen up before you go to
the ship with another person."

Sue: "Uh, excuse me, Kent?"

Kent: "Yes, Sue?"

Sue: "Can we refuse to go with another dominant?"

Kent: "Yes, you can. But not only will that dom automatically get the
ten points, the sub who refuses will have to subtract ten points from
their final total."

More groans and moans from mostly everyone. Kent has five small plastic
chips with the sub's names on them. He borrows the crewman's hat, drops
the chips inside and mixes them up.

Kent: "Doms? Could you gather around and we'll do the first draw."

Brandi happens to be the closest so she goes first. She pulls out Sue's
name. Sam is next. He draws Trish's name and has to go again. Sam gets
Myka.

Peter draws Trish, Lisa gets Marsha. This leaves Jane for the Major.
Kent pulls out a thin deck of cards.

Kent: "Jane and the Major can't stay together. In a case like this, the
other doms will draw cards. Ace switches their sub with Jane."

Kent lifts one card and shows it, then slips it into his pocket. That
was the five. The other four cards get a fast shuffle and Kent fans
them out, face down, in his hand. Each of the doms, except for the
Major, pick one. Peter draws the ace.

Kent: "Trish and Jane, trade places please." Kent gathers the cards,
adds the five card back in and mixes them. "This draw is for placement.
Who gets to go first. Ace and the two take the first trip."

It's Sam and the Major who get to go first with Myka and Trish. Trish
looks forlornly at Sam as she moves towards the Major. Myka slips in
beside Sam. The two couples and Kent get into the launch and the motor
starts up.

Kent: "We'll be back in about an hour."

The remaining survivers watch the boat turn and head for the big ship.

The ship is actually larger than it looked from shore. The launch docks
at the stern platform and everyone climbs out. Kent leads the way along
a passageway to an elevator. He and the four survivers are whisked two
decks up.

They follow along a dimly lit passageway with carpeting thick and soft
under their bare feet. Trish and Myka hold the arms of the doms they've
been assigned to. Sam and Myka walk with Kent, the Major is following
behind Myka. The air is fresh and cool. Much more bearable than the
sticky haze outside. Kent stops the group outside of a door and speaks
in a hushed whisper.

Kent: "This is one stateroom. The other is down the hall. There are two
cameras in the rooms and we'll be monitoring what goes on. After you're
inside, the submissive will take charge and will have twenty minutes to
make the dom cum. I'll ring the phone if you go to twenty minutes, to
signal the end of your time. All right?"

Kent gets Myka to bend down and step through her wrist chain. He uses a
tie-wrap to fasten her two wrist cuffs behind her back. Kent then opens
the door for Sam and Myka. Once they're inside, he leads the Major and
Trish to the room down the hall.

Sam and Myka look around inside the room. Light filters in through
several windows along the far wall. There's even sliding glass doors
that lead out to a small, private deck. Central to the room though, is
a large circular bed.

The two cross the room to the bed. In a soft voice, Myka asks Sam to
sit down. She sits beside him and moves her head toward his arm. Myka's
lips brush gently along Sam's arm.

Another room, another couple. The Major crosses the room to sit on the
big bed. Trish moves to his side.

Trish: "Please take off your shorts, Major."

Major: "Hummm? Oh, yes. The challenge. You're in charge and you have to
make me cum." He hooks his thumbs in the waistband and slips his shorts
off. "Good luck."

As the Major settles back on the comfy bed, he's wondering what the
pretty long haired Asian in the other room is doing. He begins to
wonder how it will go when it's his turn to have Myka.

Myka sits on the bed beside Sam. She has her back to him and she has
her hands on his cock. Some of her silky soft hair is also wrapped
around his cock. Myka is stroking Sam's cock with her hands locked
behind her back. She starts a slow, teasing, up and down motion. Sam's
hands stray to her hip. Myka's silky hair is under his hand. It's
tangled around her hands and his cock. It's everywhere. Myka turns her
head coyly and smiles through a veil of hair at Sam. Sam begins to
smile back, but his face twists into a grimace. Spurts of sticky cum
leap from the tip of his cock and dribble over Myka's hair and hands.

Trish is sitting between the Major's outstretched legs. She has one of
her feet under his balls. Her other foot is holding his cock and she's
bent over, with the head of his cock in her mouth. Trish feels the
strain in her back, but she knows it won't be for much longer. She
raises her bound hands up behind her, to force her head a bit lower.

The Major has let his fantasizing get in the way of where he is now.
For him, it's the lovely Asian girl who's between his legs. It's her
lovely full mouth and lips that are around his cock now.

Trish shifts her foot slightly. Her toes gently caress the Major's
balls. She uses the leverage of her foot to pull her head a half inch
lower. Her big toe grazes the Major's asshole. With a loud moan, he
cums. Trish lifts her head and presses his cock against her leg with
her foot. She gently strokes it as the Major's watery cum dribbles
forth.

The Major opens his eyes to see Trish, sitting between his legs and
grinning at him. She shifts her legs to the side of the bed. Trish
stands. She goes to a table off to the side and reaches behind her. She
returns to the bed, turns, and drops the wire cutters beside the
Major's hand. Trish looks at him over her shoulder. The Major chuckles
to himself. He's shaking his head as he snips the tie-wrap that holds
her hands together.

Sam answers the knock at the door. Kent, the Major, and Sam's wife
Trish, stand in the hallway. Trish is smiling slightly, while Sam has a
guilty look on his face. For this round, Trish and Myka have each
earned ten points.

Another trip to surviver beach, another four survivers take a boat
ride. This time it's Brandi and Sue, Lisa and Marsha, that make the
trip out to the ship.

On board the ship, Marsha gets Lisa to cum in a lovely display of raw
girl passion. In the other room, Sue isn't so lucky. She manages to get
Brandi close, but Sue is awkward making love to another woman and
Brandi won't tip over into an orgasm. Brandi has two rings piercing her
labia which distract Sue for a few minutes. Sue has a clit hood
piercing, and she's thinking about getting a few more. Brandi touches
Sue's ring which further distracts her from the task at hand.

Sue whispers sweet words to Brandi as she strokes her clit. But Sue's
heart isn't in it, and Brandi senses that right off. A soft chime from
the bedside phone signals that their time has run out.

The final trip of the morning session brings Peter and Jane to the
richly appointed ship. Kent slips the tie-wrap through Jane's wrist
cuffs and pulls it tight. He holds the door as they enter.

Jane knows she's suppose to take charge but she's unsure how to go
about doing it. Peter sits on the bed and motions for her to join him.

Jane puts her mouth on his cock but her motions are mechanical and
somewhat wooden. Perhaps it's from her uneasiness with the situation,
perhaps from inexperience. Peter places his hand on her neck to calm
her. He feels around the girl's steel neck ring. His hand travels down
her back and he feels the small bumps and raised welts on her skin. She
has suffered much at the hands of the Major.

Their time runs out before Jane can make Peter cum.

[Iso shot: Kent on deck, surviver island in background.]

Kent: "An orgasm is more than the physical stimulation. There's a
strong mental component as well. Peter's feelings for Jane were not of
a sexual nature. He feels some sorrow for the girl and what she must
put up with. These feelings have clouded his mind and prevented him
from giving in to the pleasures that Jane attempted to give him."

Peter and Jane are dropped off at their beach. Kent tells them that
he'll return for round two around dinner time. Up at camp, Myka and
Trish have made a stack of chicken sandwiches while Sam and the Major
have caught and cooked some fish. Couples reunite and take some food,
then go off together to eat.

[Iso. Peter and Sue.] Peter: "It wasn't hard for me to hold out. All I
could think about was how much the poor girl must suffer with him."

Sue: "I felt so awkward with Brandi. As a woman, I know what feels
good. But having to do it with someone else felt kind of creepy."

Peter: "You'll have to do Lisa at some point."

Sue: "Lisa sort of intimidates me. Brandi seems fairly open and
friendly, but Lisa? I don't know. I have to tell you that I'm really
uncomfortable having to be with all the other dominants like this."

Peter: "I don't like this challenge much either."

[Iso. Sam and Trish.] Trish: "Her hair?"

Sam: "I knew it was something I liked. Now I understand why. With her
hands locked behind her it was all over the place. She couldn't control
it."

Trish: "Myka's hair was beyond her control. That's interesting. It's
like it would be some kind of additional bondage. I wonder if she feels
that way about it? I'll have to ask her about it sometime."

[Iso. The Major and Jane.] Major: "Well that's a big fat zero for us in
the first round. Unfortunately it's not only you to blame this time. We
both have to get our heads into this challenge.

Jane: "Sir? I didn't feel right in telling a dominant what to do."

Major: "Yes. I suppose that would be a problem for you. You know what
you have to do in there. Don't think about it, just go in and do it."

Jane: "All right. Thank you, Sir."

Because of the oppressive heat, the couples spend the day mostly down
at the beach. Although the water's unpleasantly warm too, it's the only
place on the island where there's any breeze. Later on, no one feels
like eating so Trish and Myka bring down a few plates of cut up fruit.

In the late afternoon the challengers see the launch detach from the
back of the ship and head their way. When the boat arrives on the
beach, Kent steps out. The couples gather around.

Kent: "Hello again. We'll hold the second part of the challenge now.
We'll do the last two pairings tomorrow morning and then at noon. There
could be a storm heading this way and the captain wants to move the
ship by tomorrow afternoon at the latest."

Kent does the names in a hat draw and it's the Major again who draws
his own sub, Jane. The four other doms draw cards. Sam pulls the ace
and loses Sue to the Major.

In the draw for who goes first, it's Sam and Jane, Lisa and Trish. They
board the launch with Kent for the ride out to the big ship.

Jane asks Sam to lay down on the big round bed. She sits at the end
near his feet. Jane's hands reach out behind her to Sam's feet, and she
begins to softly massage them. Sam's feet aren't too ticklish and he
closes his eyes and lets Jane's hands soothe the stiffness in his legs
and feet.

Jane moves her bum along the bed as she works her hands upwards to his
thighs. Ever so gently, her fingertips glide over his cock. She looks
back and sees it twitch and grow larger. Jane bends her head down to
take Sam's cock into her mouth. "Don't think about it. Just do it." Her
dominant's words ring in her ears.

Sam opens his eyes to watch Jane devouring his cock. Each time her head
lowers, the steel ring around her neck touches his thighs. Sam reaches
down to take hold of her ring. It feels heavy and solid around the
girl's slender neck. Sam puts his other hand on the other side of the
ring. He holds the ring still, while Jane moves her neck inside of it.
Jane draws her lips slowly up the length of Sam's cock. Sam feels the
back of Jane's neck touch the part of ring that's between his two
hands. Her chin slips past the lower part of the ring and the steel
touches her mouth and his cock. Sam's fingers tighten around the hard
steel ring and he begins to cum inside Jane's mouth. Jane allows Sam's
cum to slide down her throat.

Lisa stretches out across the big bed. Trish slowly moves toward her.
Trish finds that her ankle chain is a bit too short to allow her to
climb up as gracefully as she would have liked. Trish moves on her
knees alongside of Lisa's body.

Trish bends down and gives one of Lisa's nipples a gentle lick. Her
tongue toys with it for a while and she watches as the little bud
swells. She raises herself up and moves, somewhat awkwardly having her
hands tied behind her, to lay prone on top of Lisa.

Lisa feels the weight of Trish on top of her. She can feel Trish's two
hard nipples pressing against her own. Trish softly brushes her lips
across her's.

Trish wriggles and slowly slides herself down Lisa's body. Nipples rake
across bare skin. Trish pauses a moment, to give both of Lisa's nipples
a lick and a gentle suck. Then she inches downward still.

Trish loves it when Sam does it to her. It hasn't poisoned him yet.
Down to Lisa's patch of downy hairs, Trish inhales deep of Lisa's heady
musk. Trish presses her nose in, sticks out her tongue, and she gives
Lisa's pussy a lick.

In the first group of round two, it's the subs that come out ahead
again. Both Jane and Trish manage to make their assigned dominants have
orgasms.

Peter tries to hold out against Marsha's wiles, but he soon finds out
why Brandi calls her "kitten". Marsha's enthusiastic playfulness
finally gets to him. Marsha's bum is in the air near Peter's head. His
cock is in her mouth and she's bobbing up and down on it. Peter sees
the flash of light from Marsha's clit hood piercing. Where Sue has a
silver coloured ball, Marsha's is a sparkling green colour. It winks in
the sunlight like a cat's eye. Peter moves his head closer to look. He
touches Marsha's ring with a finger. Marsha's pussy opens up and Peter
catches scent of the sweetness inside. Marsha's tongue dances on the
tip of his cock, and he cums.

Sue steels herself to do the Major. He lays down on the bed and grins
at her. Sue crosses the room and sits on the edge of the bed, facing
away from him. She takes his cock between her bound hands and begins
stroking it.

Sue gets it hard, but the Major is able to hold out. Sue knows she must
do more to get him to cum, but she's unable to force herself to even
look at the man. The way he treats Jane is disgraceful. No one should
have to endure the kind of life she has.

The gentle chirp from the phone mercifully signals the end to the
session. Sue stands and moves to the door. She stands there, head down,
and waits for Kent to open the door and release her hands.

It's evening and starting to get dark by the time the last two
challengers, Brandi and Myka, are dropped off at the beach. Myka's
talented tongue managed to force a crashing orgasm from Brandi. Kent
hands the group a slip of paper with the current points totals.

Kent: "I'll see you all bright and early tomorrow and we'll finish off
this challenge. Have a good night."

It's still sticky hot and the breeze has died down making it feel worse
than before. The couples sit around the unlit firepit or are out in the
water and they're talking about the challenge. Some of them are quite
upset and angry over this partner swapping competition.


[Roll credits.] / [Split screen with credits, show points totals.]

Sam and Trish               186
Brandi and Marsha           182
The Major and Jane          174
Peter and Sue               168
Lisa and Myka               165

[END Episode 11.]


"Next time on Surviver:"

"Storm clouds gather over Surviver Island." [Show the sky, black.
Lightning flashes high overhead as a wall of water reaches for the
beach.]


 - End of file






 Episode  12.        SURVIVER          (C) dino 2001

[Start.]

[Voiceover and show scenes of island.] "We're down to five Dominant -
Submissive couples now, stranded on this tiny South Seas island and
left here to survive. Every three days, the couples will have to
compete against each other in two challenge competitions, for rewards,
and for points.

"Our survivers have just six days left on the island until the contest
ends. There's only two more episodes to go and then we'll know which
lucky couple will be leaving here with our grand prize of One Million
Dollars."

"Last time on Surviver:" [Run clips as the host, Kent, speaks.]

[Clip of the Major, berating Jane.] "Many of the contestants now feel
that the Major is being too hard on his submissive. However not all of
them feel this way." [Show Myka following the Major with her eyes.]
Myka: To Peter. "Do you think he'd cause harm to Jane? Hurt her for no
reason?" Peter: "Some people get off causing another person pain. Would
he enjoy it? That could be true."

"Brandi's birthday is cause for celebration with a party on the beach
and four rather adult versions of some party games." [Show clips of the
games.] "Sam and Trish have managed to take the lead in the points
totals by earning forty points in the games. The Major and Jane, who've
held the top position throughout the past week, have dropped into third
place. Is the Major's attentions to the Myka becoming a distraction to
him?

"Stay with us now, for this key episode of Surviver."

[Run Opening Title Sequence.]  [Episode Intro Sequence: 65 seconds.]


[End episode intro.]


[Evening of day thirty four.]

[Iso of Kent.] Kent: "Our challengers have gone through two rounds of
the partner swapping challenge. For this challenge, the subs have been
asked to use their skills on each of the other dominants to make them
have orgasms. Sue has so far been paired with Brandi and with the
Major. She is zero for two in the points, having been unable to bring
either of them to orgasm."

Trish: To Sue. "Disgusting as it was, I made The Major cum. Though I
think his mind was elsewhere. Sam was with Myka in the other room."

Peter, Sam, and their submissives, are together out in the water and
are trying to get cool. They follow the shadows from the jungle into
deeper water as the sun sinks behind Surviver island.

Sue: "You think he was thinking of her?"

Trish: "He had his eyes closed. I'm sure of it. After it was over and
we met up in the hall, I saw the way he looked at her."

Sue: "Jesus. All I know was I didn't want to even touch him."

Sam: "Trish and I want to win the million, Sue. I think that we have a
real shot at it now."

Trish: "I'll fuck Marsha's pet pig Hector if I have to. Do you know
what money like that means? We could retire to our cabin for good. Open
an antique store in town just for something to do."

Peter: "We all want the money, Trish. It's what we've sometimes had to
do to get it that's the problem. Sue is not at all comfortable with
this swapping partners thing, and frankly, neither am I."

Sam: "I don't like it either but it's what we have to do. We all knew
going in that we'd have to do some difficult things to win. We've all
come too far to let it slip away now, just because of a distasteful
challenge."

Trish: "Let's face it, it's only sex. It's not going to mean anything
when the challenge is over."

[Cut to: Lisa and Brandi.] They are laying on the beach with their
subs.

Myka: "Trish made you cum?"

Lisa: "I was distracted. For someone who claims to never have made love
to another woman, she was darned good at it."

Myka: "What did she do?"

Lisa: "She lay on top of me like you like to do. Then she slid herself
down. Like you do. You know how much I like it when you do that to me."

Myka: "Yes, I know."

Brandi: "Both Myka and Marsha are two for two. Just goes to show who
has the hottest submissives on the island."

Myka: "Trish made the Major cum too."

Marsha: "I didn't think he could cum. Sue says that he and Jane never
do it."

Lisa: "Well I guess you'll both find out when you get him tomorrow."

Lisa watches for a reaction from her sub. Myka's face remains neutral
as she stares out to sea. The lights on the big luxury yacht out past
the reef wink on.

Lisa reaches for her sub's hand. Myka's fingers curl around Lisa's hand
and she turns to her. Lisa smiles.

Lisa: "Want to go for a walk, Myka?"

Myka: "Sure."

[Title: DAY THIRTY FIVE.]

Peter and Sue have slept on the beach. A few other survivers have
joined them during the night to escape the stifling heat up in the
jungle. As the sun rises, a big orange ball behind the big ship, the
launch slips away from the rear platform. A crewman pilots the boat to
shore.

Peter's eyes open at the sound of the boat as it draws near. The boat
slows and the engine is stopped when it reaches the beach. Kent jumps
out and walks towards Peter and Sue.

Kent: "Good morning. Sleep well?"

Sue groans. Peter blinks his eyes.

Kent: "I spent the night on board the yacht. I must say, it was the
best night's sleep I've had since coming out here. But no matter. Ready
to finish off the partner swapping challenge?"

Trish wanders over to where Kent is standing. Brandi and Marsha join
them. Of the six people, it's only Kent who has any enthusiasm to begin
the day.

Brandi: "Do we get any breakfast?"

Kent: "Well we might be able to find something on the ship, but it will
have to wait until we get started on round three. The captain wants to
get the boat out of the area before the storm blows in."

Brandi: "So we're finally going to get a break from this heat?"

Kent: "Yep. Brandi, could you trot up and get the others please?"

Brandi: "All right."

Peter sits down again. Sue and Trish rub the sleep from their eyes.
Marsha stands nearby, fingering the links of her wrist chain. The other
challengers slowly straggle down to the beach to stand around and try
to wake up. The sun has only just come up and already everyone is
sweating.

Kent pulls out the plastic tags with the sub's names on them. He
borrows the crewman's hat again, drops the tags in, and mixes them up.
The doms gather around.

Kent: "Right. Doms, pick a tag. If you get your own sub or one you've
been with already, you'll have to pick again."

One at a time, the doms reach into the hat to pick a tag.  Brandi picks
Sue and has to go again. She draws Jane. Sam draws Marsha. Peter draws
Sue and then draws again, getting Trish. Lisa picks her own sub Myka.
This would leave Sue for the Major who's had her already.

Kent: "Lets make it easy. For this round, Sue goes with Lisa and the
Major takes Myka. For the last round, the doms will get the subs they
haven't been with yet."

Kent gets out the deck of five cards and they do the placement draw.
Brandi and Sam take the first shift. Peter and Lisa will go after them.
The Major and Myka will wait until the first two groups are done before
they get their turn on the ship.

Jane goes to stand with Brandi while Marsha slips in beside Sam. Sam
looks down as Marsha hooks her arm through his. Her wrist chain wraps
around his wrist. Sam looks up and sees Trish turn away to look at
Peter and Sue.

Kent: "Let's go."

The two pairings of dom and sub get into the boat with Kent. The boat
pulls back off the beach to turn and head out to sea. The others watch
it go.

Trish: "Let's get some breakfast."

At the yacht, the launch stops at the stern platform to let everyone
off. Wonderfully fresh cool air pours out from inside the ship. The
four survivers and Kent make their way down the hall, up in the
elevator and along another hallway. By the time they get to the two
luxury staterooms they all feel slightly chilled from the cool air.

Jane bends down to step through her wrist chain without being asked.
She stands obediently with her hands close behind her as Kent pulls a
cable tie up tight through her wrist cuffs. He opens the door for Jane
and Brandi to enter.

At the door further down, Marsha's hands are secured behind her and the
two are ushered into the room. Sam crosses the room to lay down across
the big round bed. He tries not to think about the cute girl Brandi
calls Kitten who is slowly and sensuously making her way towards him.

Jane had been uncomfortable when she was paired with Peter. After him
she was with Sam. She was able to relax a bit more knowing what was
expected of her and she was able to make him cum. Now she's finding
herself in a whole other situation. Jane had never even thought about
making love to another woman. But now she's standing with her hands
locked behind her while Brandi lays on the bed waiting for her to make
a move.

Although Brandi has been on the island with Jane for over a month, she
really doesn't know much about the girl. Jane isn't very open with
anyone here. Her dominant keeps her close and doesn't allow her to talk
much with the other survivers. Brandi can see that the girl is clearly
at odds with what she must now do. Yet knowing something of the Major,
Jane refusing to do the challenge and losing ten points just isn't an
option for her.

Brandi: "Why don't you come over here, Jane."

Jane takes a step towards the bed. She looks up at Brandi. Jane timidly
moves to the bed and sits on the edge.

Brandi waits for Jane to begin. When nothing happens for a few minutes,
Brandi moves her foot over to Jane and touches her toe to the palm of
her hand. Jane jerks her hand away, startled at the contact.

Brandi: "Jane, you at least have to try. Your dom will be pissed off at
you if you don't."

Jane: "I. . . I'm sorry. I don't know what to do, Brandi."

Brandi: She pats the bed beside her. "Just lay down for a while."

Jane awkwardly moves beside Brandi and lays down beside her. Jane is
facing her and she nervously looks up at her. Brandi lifts her arm to
place it around Jane's shoulders. Jane snuggles against Brandi's side
and she tries to relax herself.

Brandi: "Marsha and I don't do anything that's all that unusual you
know. We're not monsters or anything. We're just two normal girls who
happen to love each other very much."

Jane is quiet for a time. Brandi's hand strays down to Jane's breast.
She gently strokes her nipple. Jane squirms a bit but soon settles.

Brandi: "Does the Major hold you like this, Jane?" Brandi brings her
other hand across to cup Jane's breast. "Do you like it when he touches
you like this?"

Jane: "He. He doesn't touch me like that."

Brandi: "Like this?" She rolls Jane's nipple between two fingers. "Or
does he use his mouth."

Brandi slides down a little to place her mouth near Jane's breast. She
puts out her tongue to touch it to the tip of her nipple. Brandi licks
around Jane's nipple and then gently draws it in between her lips. She
flicks her tongue rapidly over it. Jane draws in a breath.

Brandi: She opens her mouth to speak. "Do you like that, Jane?"

Jane: "Oh, yes mast. . . uh, Mistress."

Brandi: "Would you like to do it to me?"

[Cut to: The other stateroom.]

Sam is desperately trying to think of which two baseball teams played
the world series in 1992. Marsha has his cock in her mouth and she's
humming a happy little tune. She's on her knees with her bum in the air
and her hands, locked behind her, are waving at Sam over the top.
Marsha's clit hood ring seems to be gathering up the light in the room
and the sparkley green cats eye bead is hypnotically reflecting it back
into Sam's eyes.

The phone beside the bed chirps but neither of them hear it. Marsha
bobs her head up and down on Sam's rock hard and throbbing cock. Sam,
transfixed by the light from her clit ring, watches Marsha's pussy lips
part like the petals of some wondrous flower. The inside glistens with
sweet, pink, wetness. The phone continues to chirp and Sam cums with a
great flood of jism that Marsha lets spray over her face and across the
bedsheets.

Sam lays comatose across the big bed. Marsha sits grinning beside him
with cum dripping from her nose. There's a knock at the door and Kent
enters. He sees the mess and grabs a towel from a cart inside the door.

Kent clips the tie-wrap holding Marsha's hands together and he hands
her the towel. Marsha gets her hands in front of her and she wipes off
her face. Sam begins to stir beside her.

Kent: "I guess you didn't hear the phone."

Marsha: "The phone?"

Kent: "Sam came after your twenty minutes was up. It didn't count,
Marsha. Sorry."

Marsha: "Rats!"

Sam: "Huh?"

Outside the stateroom, Brandi gives her sub the once over.

Brandi: To Marsha. "You smell like a cock."

Marsha: "Sam came too late. I missed out on the ten points."

Brandi: "I didn't cum so we gained ten. Jane and I had fun though."

Marsha: "Great! I had fun too, Mistress."

Sam and Jane exchange looks as they make their way back to the launch.
Before they leave the ship, the cook hands Kent a box of breakfast for
them and the others. They are then dropped off at the beach and the
next group boards the launch for the ride to the yacht.

Peter and Trish get the first stateroom. Kent walks Lisa and Sue down
the hall to the other one. Sue's hands are tied behind her and the two
girls enter.

Lisa had guessed that Sue would be very nervous about making love to
her and she's decided to make it even harder by playing the dominant
role to the hilt. Lisa first orders Sue to her knees beside the big
bed. She then slowly walks around poor little Sue to further intimidate
her.

Unfortunately for Lisa, it's this kind of domination that turns Sue on
the most. The rules of this challenge state that Lisa has to allow Sue
the chance to pleasure her and so when the time comes, any inhibitions
Sue had about making love to another woman have flown out the window.
Sue, driven by her desire to please the dominant in charge, brings Lisa
to a crashing cum in under the allotted twenty minutes.

In the other room, Peter and Sam have been good friends for a long
time. For Peter, having Sam's wife Trish make love to him seems far too
much like cheating on his buddy. But this is the challenge they've been
given and they both know that, for this game, it's only the points
totals that count. The rule about giving up ten points for a refusal
works both ways, for dom as well as for sub.

Peter lays across the big bed and lets Trish go to work. Since they are
both uncomfortable with doing this challenge, Trish's heart really
isn't in it. As it was with Jane, Peter finds himself distracted by his
thoughts and he manages to hold off on cumming.

Outside of the staterooms, Sue looks at Trish. If Sue feels threatened
or jealous of her long time friend being intimate with Peter, she tries
hard not to let those feelings show.

Peter looks at Sue. She turns to him and a small smile comes to her
lips. Peter places an arm around his wife as they begin down the
hallway. Lisa catches all of this and she frowns, before turning to
follow Kent.

The last pairing of the morning is the Major and Myka. In the boat on
the way over, the Major can't keep his eyes off of the pretty Myka
sitting beside him. He can hardly wait until they're both alone in the
plush stateroom and Myka will have to serve him.

The Major bashes his shin getting out of the launch and he stumbles
getting out of the elevator. He's been anticipating this moment since
he'd heard Kent tell the group about the challenge.

Anticipation can be a good thing and it can be a bad thing. It can
heighten an experience by focusing the mind on what's about to happen
and thus, can sharpen the senses to the scene at hand. However
expectations can also build far beyond what can actually be possible
and then make a scene seem less than what one hoped for. A person can
also be too eager for something to happen and become less interested in
pausing to savour the details along the way.

Myka too has been eager for this moment. To her, the Major is a
powerful dominant and much stronger than Lisa could ever be. She is
unsure if someone like the Major would be right for her, but she's also
eager to find out. So it's with trembling anticipation that Myka stands
outside the stateroom and has her hands bound behind her by Kent, in
preparation for her and the Major's time alone together.

The door closes behind Myka as the Major strides over to the bed. He
slips off his shorts and lays down. His eyes are on Myka as she moves
toward him. Myka gets on the bed to kneel beside him.

The Major moves closer to her and he runs his hand down her back. His
hand touches her hands beneath all of her hair and he feels her leather
wrist cuffs, linked together by the plastic cable tie. Myka turns her
head to give him a shy glance.

Myka: "May this humble slave girl touch you, Sir?"

The Major feels his heart skip a couple of beats.

Major: "Yes, you may."

Myka brings her hands around to lay them on his thigh. The Major feels
the contact like a bolt of lighting. His cock leaps to attention in
nearly an instant. Myka moves her hands up to touch him, and his cock
dips to her hand like a magnet seeking iron.

Myka shifts herself closer and takes hold of the Major's cock. It jumps
and twitches in her hands. Myka slowly strokes it once, twice, and the
Major's eyes close. His head falls back, he lets out a groan, and he
cums like a teenager with his first piece of snatch. Spurt after spurt
of his thin cum dribbles from the tip of his cock to flow over Myka's
bound hands.

Myka is kneeling beside him, stunned. The Major's face reddens. There's
a soft knock at the door and Kent enters. He moves to the bed with the
wire cutters in his hands. Kent snips the cable tie on Myka's cuffs to
let her get her hands in front of her. He hands her a towel.

Kent: "Well, Myka. You certainly have a way with the dominants. That's
three for three now. It's hard to hold out with a girl as pretty as
her, right Major?"

Major: "Yeah, I guess."

Kent runs the Major and Myka back to surviver beach. A few of the
others are waiting there. Lisa goes to Myka and takes her away from the
Major.

Kent: "I'll be back in two hours and we'll do the final round. The
order will be the same with the dominants as the last time. Brandi and
Sam will be first."

The launch speeds away from the beach to head back to the cool air of
the big ship.

[Go commercial. / Return.]

Lisa and Myka sit together on the beach. They're in the shade of a palm
tree and they're munching lazily on some fruit.

Myka: "I'd just started to touch him and he shot his seed all over my
hands. We never really had a chance to do much of anything."

Lisa: "Everyone you've been with you've made cum, Myka. And why not? I
think that you're the hottest sub on the island."

Myka: She looks up into Lisa's eyes. "Thank you, Lisa. I think that
you're the best dominant."

Lisa: She takes Myka's hand. "Do you really mean that, darling?"

Myka: "Yes mistress. I do. I know that I've allowed myself to become
distracted by some of the other dominants. By the Major. But I see now
that he's not so special. He's just a man, and men, I can do without."

Lisa: "I'm also starting to understand what it is that you think has
been lacking in our relationship, Myka. And I'll promise you this. When
we get back home, I'll try being a bit more the way that you'd like me
to be."

Myka smiles and then shyly looks downward.

Myka: "Thank you, Mistress. I'm not really sure what it is that I need,
but I know that I won't find it in a man like the Major."

[Cut to: the camp.] Peter and Sam sit with their subs around the camp
table. All four of them seem somewhat uncomfortable. Peter holds Sue's
hand.

Sam: "It's not that I like the idea of Trish being with the other doms.
It's upsetting to us both. But that's the nature of this game. We've
all had to do things that maybe we'd rather not. You must have realised
that before coming in."

Peter: "Well, yeah. I didn't expect to win a million by playing a few
simple games. But this is a bit much. Having the Major's paws on Sue
really upset her."

Sam: "Trish tells me that her having to paw you upset you."

Peter: "Jeeze Sam. We've known each other how long now? Sure Trish is a
hot chick, but she's your wife, damnit. And Sue and I love each other.
How could I just forget all that and let Trish make love to me?"

Trish: "It's not making love, Peter. It's just sex. And besides, you
didn't cum so you won the points."

Sam: "Look, Peter. If it bothers you so much, I'll let Sue win the
last round. She won't have to try so hard with me."

Sue: "We have to at least make an attempt or we'll both lose points."

Sam: "Yeah but we don't have to work as hard at it."

Peter: "Listen. Do what you have to do. This is a game and we all want
to win. I don't want to stand in your way and have you lose out on the
money. And besides, I'd rather see you two get it than someone else."

Trish: "Let's just play the game and see what happens. Who have you got
next, Peter?"

Peter: "Myka."

Sam: He grins. "Good luck."

Trish, knowing what happened when Sam had her, gives him a grin and a
poke in the ribs.

Brandi and Marsha are out taking a swim in the ocean. The two stand
chest deep in the water that isn't much cooler than the sweltering
tropical air. The sea is calm and there's very little breeze. Brandi
holds her sub close.

Brandi: "You watch yourself with the Major, Kitten. I don't trust him."

Marsha: "I'll be all right, Mistress. Though I don't think I'll be as
lucky with him as with the other doms. I don't think he likes me."

Brandi: "We're in the lead so far in this challenge. I don't want to
tell you not to try because I'd like us to win this thing. But if he
gets rough with you or anything, I want you to stop it. Promise me?"

Marsha: "I will. You have Trish next, yes?"

Brandi: "That's right. I'll see if she learned anything from that time
we fooled around on the beach a few weeks ago."

Some food is rounded up from the camp stores and the couples assemble
on the beach to wait for the start of round four. This partner swapping
challenge has been difficult for most of the couples, and it shows on
the faces of many of them. They watch grimly as the launch pulls away
from the stern of the ship to make it's way towards them.

The boat touches the sand and Kent jumps out. The first pairings are
Brandi and Trish, Sam and Sue. They board the launch with Kent for the
ride over.

Trish also remembers that time not so long ago when Brandi did those
wonderful things to her, while Lisa and Sam watched. Now it's her turn
to try making Brandi cum. And she does. By doing what Brandi taught her
that day on the beach, she soon has her writhing in a lovely display of
female ecstasy.

In the other room, Sam relaxes into it and Sue tries hard to give him
an orgasm. Sam has always liked Sue, ever since he'd met her. He tries
to keep Trish's words in his mind that it's "only just sex" and he lets
Sue do her thing.

Sue has her head down in Sam's groin area and when she moves, some of
her hair gets wrapped around his cock. Sue can't reach it to free it
with her hands tied behind her and when she tries to pull away, the
hair pulls and tugs Sam's cock. Sue starts to struggle to free herself.
Sam watches her. He feels her soft hair tickling his balls and tugging
against his cock. Sam sees Sue's clit hood ring down there. He reaches
out to touch it.

Sue feels stupid trapped against Sam's cock and balls by her hair. She
can't get her hands around to free it from him. Sam's cock is hard and
ready to pop. Sue feels a tug on her clit ring. She turns her head to
the side and sees Sam staring at her pussy. He's touching her ring.
Sue begins to cum.

Sue pushes her pussy hard against Sam's fingers. Sam feels the hardness
of the metal clit ring and her so soft pussy around it. Her cheek rubs
against his cock, her hot breath is upon it, and he starts to cum with
her.

The next group to board the ship are Peter and Myka, Lisa and Jane.
Lisa is feeling better knowing that Myka's time with the Major didn't
go all that well. Myka's in the next room with Peter and Lisa knows
that she'll be safe with him. Lisa settles in and lets Jane do her
thing.

Jane has either been told by her dom that she'd better bring back some
points, or else she's becoming more comfortable with being sexual with
the other dominants. Jane works hard and tries to do all the right
things, and she finally manages to give Lisa a lovely squirming orgasm
just before their time runs out.

Myka easily makes Peter cum to give her the top score in this
challenge. Peter is still upset over this swapping partners thing, but
the lovely, young Asian lesbian, with the thick, lovely long hair,
manages to distract his thoughts for just a while. Just long enough to
make him forget his troubles and, with her gentle hands softly stroking
his cock, have an orgasm. Myka goes four for four in making her
assigned dominant cum.

The last pairing for the challenge is the Major and Marsha. The Major
is already pissed off that he and Jane are not doing so well during
this competition. And the Major really doesn't like Marsha at all.
Besides the fact she's queer, he sees her as somewhat of a giggling
airhead.

Marsha senses his displeasure at her but she tries anyway. Though
between his lack of enthusiasm, and his scowling at her, she finds it
difficult to be nice to him. Marsha makes the effort, but ends up not
being able to make him cum.

Brent Hastings is waiting with the other survivers for Kent to return
with the Major and Marsha. The wind has picked up and the sea is
beginning to get rough. The launch drops the last two challengers and
Kent off, then the crewman takes the boat back to the ship. Kent
gathers all the contestants together to go over the scoring.

Kent: "Well it looks like this challenge isn't going to affect your
points totals at all. After four rounds of the partner swapping
challenge, everyone gets forty points added to your totals."

Peter: "You mean this was all for nothing? We went through all this and
everyone gets the same number of points?"

Kent: "That's right. Funny how that worked out, isn't it. But no
matter."

Lisa: "No matter!? What was the point of all this if nothing's going to
change? A few of us weren't too happy over this partner swapping thing,
you know."

Kent: "Hey, this is a game, don't forget. It was very possible for one
of you couples to gain a big lead during this challenge. You could have
held off cumming a time or two, Lisa, and you would have took the lead.
Myka held up her end."

Brent puts his hand on Kent's arm. Lisa shuts up, to look down at the
sand. Even Jane's somewhat clumsy efforts had wrung an orgasm from her.

Kent: "Anyway, The local weather service is warning of a big storm
heading this way tonight. I'd suggest that you all have an early supper
and then ready your campsite for some wild weather. I'll stop by
tomorrow some time to see how you've made out. If the storm has passed
through by tomorrow afternoon, we'll run another challenge. Good luck."

Soon after Kent and Brent drive off in the Jeep, the survivers see the
anchors being raised on the big ship in preparation for it leaving the
island. The big white yacht comes about and heads out into deeper
water. The survivers head up to the shelter to make some dinner.

Brandi makes a big pot of rice. A tin of peas is opened and some
carrots and onions are cut up. These are added to the rice and cooked.
A can of prepared meat is opened and a big can of beans are heated up.
The simple fare is both nutritious and filling.

The wind has really begun to pick up now. A few of the more adventurous
challengers have taken plates of food down to the beach to watch the
storm come. Although the tide is suppose to be out now, the waves are
breaking high up on the beach. Out past the reef, the swells look to be
eight to ten feet high.

Sam: "Should have brought my surf board, dude!"

Peter: "Do the sponger, dude!"

Sam: "What, and wipe out? These waves are like totally rickt."

Lisa: "You guys surf?"

Trish: She laughs. "Sam tried it once. He nearly drowned."

Sam: "Those guys make it look so easy. It's almost like ballet on a
board. It's not easy at all though. At least not for an old fart like
me."

Myka: "You're not that old, Sam. You're not over the hill yet."

Sam: "No, but it feels like it somedays. Young kids today can make
everything look so easy. I have trouble with getting out of bed
some mornings."

Trish: "Which is fine by me."

Sam and Peter laugh and hold their subs tighter. The Major steps out on
the beach and moves towards the group. The others look up and watch him
as he scans the skies.

A welcome wave of cooler air descends around the group. The wind blows
in stronger as big raindrops begin to splatter on the sand around them.

Major: "Lisa. Take the subs up to the shelter and make sure everyone's
there. Peter, Sam, help me secure the boat."

The others look at one another as the Major strides off. Something
crashes down in the jungle and they turn to look. The wind is whipping
the palm trees around and Sue sees a coconut come loose from the top of
one to fly out and land on the beach.

Sue: "Maybe we'd better do as he says."

Dark clouds are moving in fast. Lisa takes the subs into the jungle
while Sam and Peter go help with the boat. Big waves are rolling up the
beach and washing out the fire pit. The logs that they've used for
seats are shifting around in the bubbling water.

The three doms drag the boat up into the jungle and wedge it between
some trees. The Major lashes the boat down front and back. The drum of
gasoline is also wrestled further inland and tied to a tree trunk with
some vines.

Sam: He has to yell to be heard. "You think this is necessary, Major?"

Major: "Not really. I don't think that anything we do will make much of
a difference. Come on, let's get to the shelter."

Coconuts are flying like canonballs as the three follow the trail to
camp. The Major yells out and Sam and Peter duck as one whistles
overhead. At the shelter, a few of the girls are trying to secure one
corner of the roof that's being ripped off in the wind. The Major goes
inside and finds a machete.

The Major hacks through some of the roof's support poles to let the
front of the building drop down. Sam and Peter get the edge of roof
lashed down and then they all head inside. Raindrops thunder down on
the tarp overhead.

The group takes refuge in the rear part of the shelter, in the big room
that the four girls share. Thunder can be heard rolling ominously loud
across the island.

[The video feed from the shelter camera flickers and breaks up. Switch
to a remote beach camera.]

On the beach, the waves are no longer pummeling the shoreline. There's
no water to be seen. Out to sea, the tips of the reef are exposed as
sea water from miles around gets sucked towards the low pressure center
of the storm.

A little later on we can make out through the driving rain, a towering
wave heading towards shore. As the edge of the storm surges towards
Surviver Island, it carries along the sea water that's been drawn into
the low pressure cell. The first wave breaks upon the beach and keeps
going. Water laps against the jungle's edge and floods into the forest.

The storm surge pushes wave after wave of sea water further into the
jungle and inland, towards the surviver's camp. Ashes are washed from
the camp firepit and water pools around the shelter. Waves break
against the logs under the shelter and water spits up from between gaps
in the floor.

Water is dripping down from the torn and damaged roof and more water is
spraying up from under the floor. A woven wall panel gets torn away in
the wind and the ten survivers get a glimpse of the outside. The jungle
and the ground around the shelter is knee deep in water. Marsha
screams.

Lisa: "What's happening, Major? Are we going to all drown?"

Major: "Can you swim? Climb a tree?" It might come to that."

The crack of a roof support sounds like a gunshot. Water sprays in
through an opening. The hole quickly grows as the wind tugs at the roof
tarp. Another wall panel vanishes and more rain lashes onto the ten
huddled contestants.

[The shelter cam abruptly goes dead. The view switches to other cameras
around the island. Many others are dead or show distorted images. One
view is from a camera swinging wildly in the wind. It also winks out,
dead.]

[Fade out.]

[Title: DAY THIRTY SIX.]

The skies are cloud covered but the rain has stopped. Kent and a camera
crew survey the decimation on surviver beach.

Trees are down and branches litter the white sand. Where the firepit
was, there's now nothing but sand. The trail up to the shelter is a
tangle of broken branches and puddles of water.

At the clearing where the surviver's shelter was, Sam and Trish stand
with Marsha in the muddy water beside their broken table. A large tree
has fallen across it and smashed it in half. Off to the side is what
remains of the shelter. A few of the others are standing around it, and
looking like most disaster survivors do. Stunned and lost.

Kent: "Is everyone all right?"

Sam: "The Major took a whack to his shoulder when the roof fell in. I
think he's Ok though. Apart from a few bumps and scrapes, we've all
survived pretty well."

Kent: "Well I am glad to hear that. We were all pretty worried about
you folks last night. One of our production trailers floated out to sea
and sank in the lagoon. We had to evacuate two crew members by chopper
this morning. One of them was the camp doctor."

Trish: "Are they going to be all right?"

Kent: "A few broken bones but nothing more. I'd say we were all very
lucky that things weren't any more serious."

Lisa: "What's going to happen now?"

Kent: "Well counting today, there's five days left in the game. We have
three more challenges scheduled. Barring any more unforseen disasters,
I think we'll be able to get through these next few days and then we
can all go home. Agreed?"

Major: "I think that we all deserve the chance to finish this game
according to plan. We all still have a chance at winning the million."

Kent: "Then it's agreed. We will continue on with the challenges. We'll
take today off to give us all a chance to get reorganised. Tomorrow
morning we'll run the next challenge."

Brandi: "We lost most of our food last night. There's just a few cans
left floating around behind the shelter."

Kent: "Things are equally grim at our camp. It was the kitchen trailer
that got washed away in the storm.

"Don't worry though. We all made it through the worst of it. We can
hold on for the next few days and then the game will be over and we'll
all head home."

Peter and Sam find some water jugs and head off to the well for
drinking water. Brandi and Lisa scout around camp looking to salvage
what food they can. While the Major, Trish, and Jane sort through the
wreckage of the shelter, Kent lends a hand to the other subs in
clearing up broken branches from the camp area and from the trail down
to the beach.

The fresh water well is on higher ground so the sea water has not
contaminated it. Peter and Sam fill four jugs of drinking water and
return to camp. Brandi has found a half tin of rice that's still good
and a jar of coffee. Sam manages to get a fire going on top of part of
the old camp table.

The skies begin to clear and beams of sunlight filter through the trees
and down into the camp. One thing that's not in short supply is fresh
fruit that's been knocked from the trees in the storm and is lying on
the ground everywhere. A pot of coffee and a meal is brought down to
the beach and everyone pauses from their work to enjoy the day.

The sun is shining brightly in a clear blue sky. The air is fresh and
warm and the oppressive heat of the days before is soon forgotten. Kent
joins the group for coffee and coconut flavoured rice.

Peter: "Last night in the storm it was like we were all going to die
and yet here it is, just a few hours later and we're back in paradise."

Brandi: "Back home, winter seems to drag on forever. At least here when
the weather gets bad it's over quickly."

A wet and mud covered little pig steps out from the jungle and spies
Marsha. She sees her pet pig and she squeals.

Marsha: "Hector!"

Marsha scoops the muddy little pig up into her arms. The pig wriggles
against her body, happy to have found her again. Marsha carries the pig
down into the sea to wash the dirt off him.

Two Jeeps make their way down the beach and towards the group. Brent is
in one with a work crew and some technicians are in the other. They've
been clearing fallen trees from up the beach and fixing some of the
remote cameras. A new camera crew joins the group.

Kent: "Well it looks like we're getting back on track now. We should be
expecting a shipment of food this afternoon. I'll bring a few things
around later on today."

Kent gets into the Jeep with Brent and they drive off.

[Go commercial. / Return.]

Salvaged clothing and towels hang on branches around the campsite. The
doms are working on tearing apart the wrecked shelter in hopes of
salvaging what they can. A few of the subs are picking over some
packaged food that was recovered from the jungle. Whatever is
waterlogged and no good, is being fed to Hector the pig by Marsha.

Brandi: "You know you can't take that pig home with you, Marsha. Were
would we keep it?"

Marsha: "But we can't just leave him here all alone!"

Trish: "The pigs were brought here by the show's producers for us to
eat. I don't think that they'll just abandon them here when we all
leave."

Marsha: "I don't want Hector to end up on somebody's barbecue."

Brandi: "Well we can't take a pig home with us."

Hector is laying on his side getting his ears scratched by Marsha. He
rolls over and presses his cold nose against Brandi's thigh. The little
pig looks up at her with sad little piggie eyes. Brandi sees the
expression on the animal's face, and she has to laugh.

Trish: "He'd probably have to go into quarantine for a while if you
brought him back to the States. They don't want him bringing back any
piggie diseases."

Brandi: "Oh Marsha. Can't I just buy you a cat or something?"

Hector wriggles against Brandi's thigh. She reaches down to give his
head a scratch.

By mid afternoon the men have much of the destroyed section of the
shelter removed and they're working on patching together the floor. Sam
and Peter have cut new posts for the roof and they're lashing it back
together. The shelter is rebuilt a lot smaller than it was but, since
there's only the ten of them now, there's room enough for them all. The
shelter will only be need to be used for a few more days anyway.

A meal of fruit is prepared and carried down to the beach. The group
swims or lays around on the warm sand for a while. Sam and the Major
try fishing off the reef and they hook several nice ones that are then
cooked on the grill over a fire.

Shortly after, Kent drives up to deliver a load of supplies. Besides a
few boxes of food, he has some pieces of tarp for their roof, and a box
of soap, shampoo, and toilet paper. Myka hands Kent a plate of cut up
pineapple and he sits with the group for a while.

Kent: "The storm knocked out power to the big resort to the West of
here. Their water supply got contaminated as well. A few islands
further North got hit much harder than we did. I'd say we were all
pretty lucky."

Sam: "Are we having a challenge tomorrow?"

Kent: "Yup. The mail tree got washed out to sea so I'll just tell you
about it. We'll all meet up here on the beach right after breakfast.
The submissives will be taken away and they'll be hidden at various
locations around the island. Then we'll start the challenge.

"All that you dominants have to do is find your subs and bring them
back to this beach. The first three couples to get back here will win
points."

Peter: "Gee Kent. That sounds pretty easy."

Kent: "Hummm. Yeah, I guess it would be. Maybe we can come up with a
way to complicate things a bit." Kent stands. "See you in the morning."

The food Kent brought is mostly tins of beans but there's coffee and
tea, sugar, and a few packages of biscuits as well. The doms get their
little motor boat emptied of leaves and water and dragged down into the
sea. The motor won't start, and Peter finds that water has got into the
gas tank. After they drain the tank and refill it, and after a few more
hours of tinkering, the thing finally fires up.

Peter and Sue take the boat out and catch a few more fish for dinner.
Towards evening it's starting to cool down so the bonfire is built up
and lit. There's no shortage of firewood lying around everywhere. Logs
are dragged over to use as benches and the couples sit around the fire
on the beach.

The sunset has washed the few fluffy clouds in the sky in vibrant
shades of orange and red. Myka and Marsha bring down a jug of juice and
a package of cookies for the group to snack on. After the storm the
night before, the air is fresh and clear and even the beach sand seems
to have been scrubbed clean.

The conversation mostly centers around the storm that the survivers
just went through.

Peter: "So Major. You must have seen storms like this when you were
stationed around here."

Major: "Worse, actually. We made it through pretty easy last night."

Sam: "Did you think it would be as bad as it was?"

Major: "It's hard to tell what the weather's going to do around these
parts. It can turn nasty in half an hour, and Heaven help you if you're
caught out in it."

Peter: "What was the worst storm you've seen like? Waves higher than
yesterday?"

Major: "Much higher. Higher than those trees over there."

The Major points to three towering coconut trees off to one side of the
beach.

Major: "I had a four day pass and I'd always wanted to see Borneo. I
hitched a ride with a fly boy buddy of mine. I was coming back on an
old Constellation with six other guys and bunch of crates of machine
parts. The pilot was just being bull headed stubborn. That was all it
was. We could have stayed South and circled around, but no. He took us
right through the storm.

"Those were good, tough planes, but the lightning and the rain took out
the two port engines. We tried to climb out but she was loaded down too
heavy and when she lost another engine, well, it was game over.

"The pilot couldn't see where the water was, and with the instruments
out we hit pretty hard. We got the life raft out just before she went
down. You talk about high waves? We lost two men right off. Nothing we
could do.

"Three days we were tossed around in there. Five of us in a little
covered inflatable rubber raft. No food, not much water either. That
storm just carried us along with it and it wouldn't let us go.

"We hit hard against something. Tore open the raft and most of us
managed to grab hold of what we'd hit. It was the tops of six trees,
just like those ones. Me and a buddy got what was left of the raft tied
to one of the trees and then we looked around. Couldn't see much
through the rain, and the wind was roaring like a freight train. Wasn't
till dawn we found out we'd lost two more men.

"Then the sharks moved in.

"He was younger than me. Just a kid. He was held onto a tree only
twenty feet from us. "Swim!" the gunner's mate said. Me and him had the
raft tied down and the wind had died down little. He got maybe three
feet and we saw the fin come up. I reached out as far as I could and
then just before I could grab him, down he goes. Just like that. Gone.

"No scream or nothing. No thrashing to the surface with a terrified
look on his face like they do in the movies. Just gone.

"We lashed what was left of the raft up good and tight to that tree and
we climbed inside. If they couldn't see us, and they couldn't smell us,
maybe they'd leave us alone. Or so we hoped. Anyway, the water finally
went down leaving us hanging up there. Wasn't until we saw the sand
that we climbed down. A search and rescue plane picked us up that
evening. Me and the gunner's mate. That's all who made it."

Trish: "Jesus."

Brandi: "It must have been awful for you, Major. Seeing people you knew
just go like that."

Major: "That's the way it is in the military, dear. People die. Even us
out here. It could have gone a lot worse for us last night. Could have
gone a lot worse."

[Title: DAY THIRTY SEVEN.]

Sue and Myka are up early and they're getting some breakfast ready. Sue
has the coffee on while Myka is cutting up some pineapples and mangoes.
When Brandi gets back from the new, non flooded out toilet that Sam dug
yesterday, she puts on some water to make rice.

The group assembles around a makeshift table to eat, and after, the
sounds of vehicles arriving on the beach signals that their challenge
is about to start. Breakfast is finished up and the gang heads down to
the beach to see what's going on.

Five small motor bikes are parked around Kent's Jeep. Crewmen and
camera crews mill around. Kent has a map and he's assigning locations
to the camera crews. When the challengers begin to show up, Kent folds
up his map and tucks it out of sight. The camera crews head out.

Kent: "Welcome, everyone. All right. What we have in mind this morning
is for the submissives to catch rides away from this beach on these
bikes here. The crewmen will take you where you need to go and set you
up, so if you'd all hop on the back of one of the bikes, we'll get
started."

The subs have to sit side saddle on the back of the bike seats because
of their ankle hobble chains. Once they're all settled in behind one of
the drivers, the bikes all noisily take off. Kent waits until they've
all left before turning to the doms.

Kent: "Ok, here's the deal. Your submissives are now being taken to
five different locations on the island. The spots are more or less
centered around your camp. I have five envelopes here, each with one of
your names on it and one of the locations written down inside.

"I'll give each of you one envelope and you'll go to the location
written down. There you'll find one of the submissives chained to a
tree. Each sub knows the location of another sub. You'll need to get
her to tell you that location.

"The subs have been told not to give you the location right away. The
subs will earn points, one point for each five seconds that they don't
tell you the location. Your job is to make the sub tell you what you
need to know. You can use any means short of outright torture to get
the sub to talk.

"You can use intimidation or tickle torture or even spanking or light
whipping with a thin cane or stick, provided it's not too severe of a
beating. Whatever works for you. The sub will naturally hold out as
long as possible to earn points. Once they tell you where the next sub
is, you have to go there.

"The next sub will also know another location. This will be where you
can find your own sub. Once again, you'll have to force the sub to tell
you the location that she knows. Then, you have to go to where your sub
is."

[Show graphic: Map of the island with the locations marked out.
Highlight each location for each sub.]

Kent: Voiceover. "Jane will be placed on the beach where the mail tree
was. Marsha is at the mud pool. Myka is located near the water well and
Sue is chained to a log in the middle of the big clearing. Trish is
locked to a fallen tree at the beach North of camp where the sand bar
use to be."

"Your submissive will have an important piece of information for you
and she'll freely tell you. She will know who has the key to the lock
holding her chained to the tree. You will have to hurry to the
location where your sub's key is. You'll take it, then go back to your
sub. If that sub's been freed by her dom already you needn't hurry at
that point. You'll find your key still there, but the race to finish
will most likely be won.

"You will unlock your sub and bring her back to the beach here. The
first couple here and sitting by the firepit gets twenty points. Second
place gets fifteen and third gets ten. These will be in addition to the
points your sub earned from holding out on telling the location she
knew. Everyone got it?"

Sam: "Sounds like a lot of running around for us."

Kent: "Yeah, it will be. The distances are all pretty much the same for
all of you. You can follow along the back road or you can cut through
the jungle if you think it will be faster. The locations are all ones
that you've been to at one time or another, so you should know how to
get there."

Kent hands out the envelopes, each with one of the dominant's names on
the front.

Kent: "Everyone ready? Go!"

The five doms rip open their envelopes and read their first location.
Then they all hurry off in different directions.

Sam and Peter pass through camp on the run and take the trail to the
well. The ground in the jungle is wet and muddy in many places. In some
spots, the thick mud sucks at their feet with each step they take
making the going that much harder and slower.

At a fork in the path, Peter leaps over a fallen tree and turns left,
to head for the mud pool. Sam hits higher ground that's less muddy and
he flies through the jungle until he reaches the well. There he finds
Myka with her wrist chain locked to a chain around a tree trunk.
There's a jug of water within reach beside her. She looks up as Sam
comes crashing through the forest.

Sam takes the direct approach. He bends down to grab hold of one of
Myka's ankles and he lifts her foot up behind her, up to the limit of
her ankle chain.

Sam: "Itchy kitchy coo!"

Sam scrabbles his fingernails against the bare sole of Myka's foot.

Myka: "AAieee. NO! Hee hee hee hee!"

A squirming Myka holds out for just ten seconds before tearfully telling
Sam the next location, the big clearing to the North. Sam drops Myka's
foot and takes off to look for the back road leading there. Myka wipes
her face on her arms.

The mud pool is now a small lake with all the rain they've had. Peter
finds Marsha with her wrist chain locked to another chain around a tree
on the edge of the pool. He moves towards her.

Marsha's eyes widen when she sees Peter pick up a stick. He waves it a
couple of times and then approaches her with the stick held menacingly
in his hand. Peter puts his muscular arm around Marsha's shoulders and
he turns her around and bends her forward. Her forehead touches the
tree she's chained to.

Peter: "Talk, Slave!"

To accentuate his demand, Peter whacks Marsha on the bum with the
stick. Although the hit isn't all that hard, Marsha cries out in
surprised pain.

Marsha: "The well! Myka's at the well!"

Five seconds. Peter grins, tosses the stick into the lake and takes
off.

Brandi finds Trish chained to a fallen tree on the beach where the sand
bar use to be. Trish looks up and smiles when she sees Brandi running
towards her. Brandi's hands go to Trish's waist and she starts to
tickle her under her ribs.

Brandi: "What's the next location!"

Trish stands there grinning. Brandi's fingers move up to her armpits.
No reaction. Brandi next tries Trish's feet. She works her fingers
between Trish's toes and she lifts one of her feet up to tickle
underneath. Again, no undue distress shows on the face of Trish.

As Brandi moves to stand up, her fingertips brush the backs of Trish's
knees. Trish jerks her leg away. Brandi has found Trish's weak spot.
She grabs one of her legs and tickles the spot behind her knee.

Trish: "Heee eee eee. Hee hee!"

Brandi: "Tell me!"

Trish: "EEE, the mail tree eee! Jane. . . Heee heee!"

Brandi takes off on the run, back down the beach.

The Major finds Sue in the center of the big clearing in the jungle.
She's sitting on a thick, heavy log and her ankle chain is locked to a
chain around it. Sue stands up when she sees the Major coming towards
her. The Major spies a likely looking switch lying on the ground and he
picks it up. He's stripping the leaves and side branches from the stick
when he reaches Sue.

The Major takes hold of Sue's hair and forces her to bend over the log.
Sue draws in a sharp breath as the stick whacks down hard across her
bare bum. The stick cracks in half in the Major's hand.

Sue: "Yeow!"

Major: "Damn. Hold still while I find another stick. No wait! I'll just
use my hand."

The Major raises his hand to strike Sue's bottom again.

Sue: "No! The beach! The sand bar! Trish is at the sand bar."

The Major lowers his hand to Sue's bum and he runs his palm across the
lovely raised welt he's made there.

Major: "Bye now."

Off he goes, chuckling to himself while Sue rubs her stinging bottom.
Several minutes later, Sam stumbles through the jungle at the back of
the clearing and heads toward Sue. As Sam approaches her he raises his
two hands, fingers extended, and makes tickling motions.

Sam: "Itchy, kitchy, coo!"

Sam sees Sue rubbing her bum and he sees the red line across it.

Sam: "What happened to you?"

Sue: "That idiot Kilpatrick whacked me with a stick!"

Sam: "Well Jeeze, Sue. We are suppose to force you subs give up our
next location. Where's he headed now?"

Sue: "To the sand bar where Trish is."

Sam: "Trish? That's where I have to go. Thanks, Sue!"

Sam runs off.

Sue: "Hey! Aw, shit."

Lisa has used the double nipple twist on Jane to get her next location,
Marsha at the mud pool. Lisa is covered in mud after having slipped and
fallen along the trail somewhere. She is now standing behind Marsha
with her arms around her and she's giving her the double nipple twist.

Marsha: "Ow. Ow. Ow!"

Marsha tries to twist out of Lisa's grasp but Lisa has her pulled away
from the tree her hands are locked to and she's standing on Marsha's
ankle chain.

Lisa: "Give it up, Marsha!"

Marsha: "Owwww! The well!"

Lisa: She lets go of Marsha. "Later!"

Lisa runs off leaving Marsha with her arms pressed against her
throbbing breasts.

A very muddy Sam blunders out of the jungle and onto the beach. He
turns North and sees the Major running towards him. The Major calls to
Sam when they get close.

Major: "Tough little sub you've got. She cost me eighteen seconds!"

Sam picks up the pace and he runs along the beach. He reaches Trish
five minutes later.

Trish is at the jungle's edge with her wrist chain locked to a chain
around the trunk of a fallen tree. She's trying to reach around to her
bum, but in the position she's in she can't. Sam spots the rosy glow on
her ass.

Sam: "Trish?"

Trish: "That fucking old bastard! Look what he did!"

Trish has five livid red welts crisscrossing her bum.

Sam: "For fuck's sake! Who has your key?"

Trish: "Marsha at the mud pool."

Sam: "Oh, for fuck's sake! You going to be all right?"

Trish: "Yes, yes. Hurry up! Beat that prick!"

Sam gulps some water from Trish's jug and he takes off.

Peter sees Sue, standing by a log in the center of the big jungle
clearing and drinking water from a jug. She looks up when he calls to
her and she puts the jug down. As Sue bends over, Peter sees the bright
red line across her bum.

Peter: "What happened to you?"

Sue: "The Major hit me with a stick."

Peter feels the thin raised line on Sue's ass.

Peter: "Who else was here?"

Sue: "Sam."

Peter: "How long did you hold out for?"

Sue: "I. . . . Maybe five seconds with the Major."

Peter: "What about with Sam? Never mind. We'll talk later. Where's your
key?"

Sue: "Jane has it at the mail tree."

Peter: He can't resist. "Wait here, I'll get it."

Sue: "Ha, ha."

Lisa is on the back road and looking for the path to the clearing where
Sue has Myka's key. She's gone past it and is now getting lost. The
Major has reached Jane and she's told him that he must go to the well
where Myka has her key. The Major turns in off the beach to take the
trail to their camp and then up to the well.

Brandi lost time with Jane trying to get her to talk. Now she's with
Marsha and she tells her that Trish has her key. Back Brandi goes along
the trail towards camp. She and the Major bump together on the narrow
trail. He passes her by without a word. A bit further on and she and
Sam bump together. Brandi looks at him but he's too winded to talk. He
just pauses a moment and then heads off.

Lisa is backtracking along the back road and she's searching for the
path to the clearing. She sees a likely trail and takes it. The trail
opens up onto the big clearing and Sue. Lisa goes to her. Myka's key
hangs from a nail on the end of the log Sue's chained to. Lisa takes it
and runs off.

Somehow the Major has gotten off the trail and he's stumbling through
thick jungle. Because of the storm, the jungle looks different now.
Big trees that once were landmarks have been blown down. The Major
stops and looks around. He picks a direction and sets off again.

Sam reaches the mud pool lake. Trish's key shines in the sunlight,
hanging on a branch near where Marsha is chained. Sam grabs the key and
then heads back to the beach.

Brandi reaches Trish at her spot on the beach. Marsha's key hangs from
a branch of the fallen tree Trish is chained to. Brandi grabs it. She
takes a drink of water from Trish's jug and then takes off running back
down the beach.

Sam turns off the camp trail and hits the beach just as Peter runs by.
The two doms jog together along the sandy beach, each one with a key in
their hands. Brandi runs past them going the other way. After twenty
minutes, Peter peels off to take the trail to the clearing while Sam
continues on to get Trish.

Trish pours water over Sam's head as he unlocks her from the chain. Sam
laps up some water and then the two start running back to the finish
line. Sam picks Trish up to carry her for a while so her ankle hobble
won't slow them down, but he's too fatigued to carry her for very long.

Sam and Trish look back to see Peter carrying Sue about a hundred yards
behind them. Sam lets Trish get on his back and he runs as fast as he
can with her down the beach and toward the finish.

Sam and Trish are fifty yards from the firepit when Peter, carrying
Sue, catch up to them. Sam is almost out of breath and he lets Trish
quickly slip off his back so she can run. They all see Brandi and
Marsha moving through the trees of the jungle along the path from camp.
Trish can move fast in her chains, and so it's Sam who begins to lag
behind her.

Peter carrying Sue pull ahead of Trish. Peter hears Sam groan loudly as
he gives it his all to keep up with Trish. He glances behind him, and
nearly stumbles with Sue in his arms. But, putting on a burst of speed,
he sprints towards the finish with Brandi and Marsh closing fast from
the other direction.

Kent stands nearby and watches as Peter lets Sue down and they both get
their bums on a log beside the firepit. Brandi and Marsha sit seconds
later to grab second place. Sam and Trish come in third.

Sam: "Kent." Sam is worn out and gasping for air. "The Major whacked
Trish's bum pretty hard to get her to talk. I know you said that is
allowed, but could you take a look at her?"

Brandi: "Peter gave my sub Marsha a whack with a stick too."

Kent walks over and looks at the five slashes across Trish's ass. He
checks the slightly red line on Marsha from the little tap Peter gave
her and dismisses it. He also looks at Sue's mark at Peter's request.

Kent: "I said there was to be no extreme torture. That would mean
cutting or drawing blood. While I'm sure that those marks are painful,
Trish, I feel that the Major's use of a cane was within the rules of
this challenge. Besides, he's not here yet so his use of pain didn't
seem to give him much of an advantage."

It's five minutes later before the Major and Jane reach the firepit and
the finish line. Lisa and Myka show up shortly after.

Kent: "The finish placements today are Peter and Sue, Brandi and
Marsha, and in third place, Sam and Trish. After we've reviewed the
tapes of how well the subs did, we'll announce the final results. Super
race everyone. Well done, guys.

"Tomorrow will be a day off for you. After that, there's just two more
days, two more challenges, and we'll know who's going to be leaving
here with our second place prize of fifteen hundred dollars, and our
grand prize of one million. I'll stop by this evening with the final
points totals for you. I'll see you all later."

Kent gets into his Jeep and drives off leaving ten exhausted and mud
covered contestants sitting around the firepit. After a while, a few of
them get up to go for a swim in the ocean. The Major takes Jane off to
one side, away from the others.

Major: "I'd better hear that you earned us some points today."

Jane: "I did, Sir. I held out against Brandi for at least half a
minute. Lisa pinched my nipples and it hurt like hell. Sir. I had to
tell her the location."

Major: "I thought we've worked hard to raise your tolerance to pain. I
guess we didn't work hard enough on it."

Sue and Trish are sitting out in the water. Trish is trying to get her
bum to stop stinging.

Trish: "When I saw the Major pick up that stick I knew what he was
going to do with it. But there was no way I was going to give in and
tell him anything."

Sue: "How long did you hold out?"

Trish: "It must have been more than fifteen seconds. He just kept on
smacking me with that stick and at first it wasn't so bad, but after
the third or forth stroke it really started hurting."

Sue: "He was going to use his hand on me. A stick would have been
better because I didn't want him touching my backside with that grubby
hand of his."

Trish: "A spanking with a hand hurts less, but somehow it seems much
more intimate that way."

Sam comes to his wife Trish to sit down in the water with her. He puts
his arm around her to hold her close.

Sam: "It looks like we'll at least be holding on to second place in the
points. You Ok, honey?"

Trish: "I'm Ok. I'll be glad to get home though."

Sam: "It would be good to go home with the million."

Trish: "Notice how these last few challenges seem to be getting harder
and harder? And there's still two more to get through."

Sam: "I know."


[Roll credits.] [Split screen with credits, show points totals.]

Peter and Sue              218
Sam and Trish              216
Brandi and Marsha          209
The Major and Jane         201
Lisa and Myka              188

[END Episode 12.]


"Next Time on Surviver." "You won't want to miss it, the final episode
of Surviver!"

"One of our five couples will be leaving this island, with our grand
prize, of One Million Dollars. Tune in next week, for the final
episode."

 - End of file. -






 Episode  13.       SURVIVER         (C) dino 2001

[Start.]

[Voiceover and show scenes of island.] "We're down to five Dominant -
Submissive couples now, stranded on this tiny South Seas island and
left here to survive. Every three days, the couples will have to
compete against each other in two challenge competitions, for rewards,
and for points.

"Tonight, on Surviver." [Show five finalist couples.] "In this special,
hour and a half episode, one of these five couples will be leaving the
island with our grand prize of One Million Dollars. And stay tuned for
the reunion show, immediately following tonight's episode."

"Last time on Surviver:" [Run clips as the host, Kent, speaks.]

"We finished off the last two rounds of the partner swapping challenge,
where the submissives had to give each of the other dominants an orgasm
in a set amount of time. Myka earned the most points in the challenge,
by making all four of the other dominants cum. However the points
spread remained the same after the challenge, because when the couple's
points were totaled up, all five couples each managed to earn forty
points.

Nature's fury was unleashed that night, when a massive storm moved
through the area. Our surviver's shelter was wrecked, and much of the
island became flooded by sea water from the storm surge. The production
camp was also hit hard, and one of our trailers was washed out to sea.
Fortunately, none of the contestants were hurt and, dispite the damage
to the shelter and to many of the remote cameras, the games continued.

"The final challenge in last week's show was a race, where the
dominants had to locate, and free their submissives, and bring them
back to camp. Peter and Sue won that competition, and now hold a slight
lead in the points totals - one point ahead of Sam and Trish, who are
in second.

"Just three more days on the island for our couples. Two more
challenges left. Then we'll know, who will win, our grand prize."


[Run Opening Title Sequence.]  [Episode Intro Sequence: 65 seconds.]


[End episode intro.]


[Title: Afternoon of day Thirty Seven.]

It's mid afternoon by the time the couples get cleaned up, after the
doms slogging through the muddy jungle all morning, searching for their
partners in the challenge. Sam and Trish offer to take the boat over to
Mohi Island for some eggs and chickens.

Peter helps Sam get the boat down into the water. Sam takes along a
machete for chopping chickens heads off, and a fishing pole and net so
they can catch some fish along the way. Trish also has a pillow to sit
on because of the five, still stinging marks on her ass, from the
Major's use of a cane on her in the challenge. Trish gets into the
boat, and Peter gives Sam a hand to push it out into deeper water. Sam
climbs in and starts the motor. The little boat roars away from the
island.

Peter joins Sue, who's sitting in the shade with Lisa and Myka. The two
subs are brushing out their long hair.

Lisa: "I think that we're at the bottom of the points now. We must be
more than thirty points below Sam and Trish."

Peter: "Less than that, I think. Sue and I are two points over Sam and
Trish. I'm surprised that we're all still fairly even. You two could
still take this thing by winning the next two challenges."

Myka: "That's if we are less than forty points behind. And assuming
that the next two challenges both score twenty for first place."

Peter: "There's still second place. A hundred and fifty thousand isn't
anything to sneeze at."

Lisa: "A hundred and fifty thousand, for a little over a month's work
ain't too bad. If you could call what we're doing out here work."

Sue: "I know. While it's been a tough game at times, this is still one
of the best vacations we've ever had. And all for free, too."

Lisa: "Win or lose, Myka and I have had a wonderful time, right hon?"

Lisa moves Myka's hair to the side and she puts her arm around her
lovely submissive. Myka turns to her, and she gives Lisa a shy kiss.
Lisa kisses her back, with a bit more passion. The two girls hug each
other tightly.

Sue sees the look in both the girl's eyes, and she smiles. She turns to
Peter and takes hold of his arm. Peter brushes some strands of hair
from Sue's face, and he gives her a kiss.

Peter: "It's going to be hard having to leave all this and go back home
in three days."

[Cut to: Down the beach where the mail tree was.]

A shattered stump is all that's left of the crooked tree that held the
bamboo mail tube. Up near the jungle's edge, the Major sits alone on
the sand. His back rests against a tree, and he is staring blankly out
to sea.

The camera moves in closer, and, after a moment, he looks up into the
lens.

[Iso shot, the Major.] Major: "I really thought that I had a good shot
at winning this thing. I'd worked my sub hard to prepare for this game.
I really thought that she was ready.

"I'm loath to say it, but I can't say the fault is all hers. I've
tracked through endless jungles and have never gotten lost. Yet in this
morning's challenge, on this tiny jungle island, I got turned around
and I wasted precious minutes finding my way again.

"I just don't understand what went wrong."

[Cut to: The surviver's camp.]

Brandi is chopping up some coconut on a board, while Marsha is mixing
dough to make biscuits. Jane is boiling water to make tea. There's
still standing puddles of water around the campsite, from the flood the
night before, and Hector the pig is rolling around in one of them.

Brandi: "I'll ask Kent if we can take Hector home with us. If it's
going to be a problem though, I want you to forget about it. All
right?"

Marsha: "Yes, mistress. And thank you."

Brandi: "Don't thank me too soon. It's you that's going to be taking
care of it."

Marsha: "Hector won't be a lot of trouble, mistress. I promise."

Brandi: "Yeah, right."

Jane: "Do you both live on a farm?"

Brandi: "No, we rent a house in town."

Marsha: "There's a big backyard though."

Brandi: "And what about when winter comes? Do pigs like snow?"

Marsha: "Well. . . ."

Brandi: "I know! We could turn the spare bedroom into a barnyard.
Shovel in some dirt, let him crap all over the place. Sure! No
problem."

Jane: "I remember hearing someplace that pigs can make good pets. When
kept indoors, they can be very clean."

Hector, having decided he's had enough rolling in the mud puddle,
stands and shakes himself off like a dog. Blobs of mud fly off him,
some, to splatter on Jane's legs and feet. Marsha laughs, while Brandi
rolls her eyes.

Brandi: "Yeah, right."

[Cut to: The boat, nearing Chicken Island.] Clumps of brown float near
the shore of the island. Sam slows the motor and takes a paddle to poke
at one. It's a dead chicken. Closer in, and there's more of them.
Drowned chickens, floating in the sea and washed up on shore. A few
live ones fight over the carcasses of their dead.

Trish: "Yuck! Looks like the storm took it's toll around here."

Sam gets the boat landed on the rocky shore and then he and Trish look
around. At a quick glance, it's estimated that nearly a quarter of the
chickens have drowned, or have been washed out to sea. Sam picks up one
of the dead birds and looks it over.

Sam: "You think it's still edible?"

Trish: "I don't know. It's been thirty six hours since the storm."

Sam and Trish scout through the jungle a bit, and collect five of the
dead chickens that don't look too bad. Nests have been washed away, and
the eggs upset or broken. Trish gathers up a few to take back.

Sam: "I don't want to be killing chickens that have survived through
the storm. We'll take these, and see if they're any good. We're going
to cook them, so the meat should still be Ok to eat."

Trish: "Yeah, alright. There's always fish to catch."

They get into the boat and start back. Along the way, where the water
gets deeper, Sam cuts into a chicken to get some bits of meat for bait.
He and Trish throw lines over the side, and after about an hour, they
have managed to hook three large fish. Sam fires up the motor and they
head for home.

Lisa and Brandi and their subs are playing around out in the water,
when they hear the little motor boat return. Lisa and Myka help Sam
land the boat. Trish shows the other girls the chickens they'd found.

Trish: "It was a pretty gruesome sight over there. Drowned chickens
floating in the ocean and laying around on the shore. Even up in the
jungle there were dead ones."

Marsha: "The poor things! They couldn't even fly up into the trees when
the water got high."

Sam: "I heard once that turkeys are so stupid that when it rains,
they'll look up to see where the water's coming from. Their beaks fall
open and the rain fills up their throats and they drown."

The Major has wandered over and he's caught the tail end of Sam's
story. He gives a low chuckle. Brandi sees this.

Brandi: "Hey, it's not funny, Sam. The poor chickens had no chance in
the storm the other night."

Major: "It's nature we're dealing with out here, Brandi. Survival of
the fittest." He looks at Sam. "Or smartest."

Trish: "So what about these chickens and eggs. Think they're still good
to eat?"

The Major picks up one of the carcasses, the one that Sam had cut into.
He pulls the feathers aside and smells the meat.

Major: "Should be Ok. They weren't dead long, and it's been cooler
yesterday than before. Make sure they're cooked well, just to be safe."

The Major hands the chicken off to Myka and walks away. Lisa looks at
the chicken, and then at Trish.

Lisa: "I don't think I want any chicken."

Sam: "Well there's lots of fish too, so we won't starve."

Trish and Myka help Sam bring their catch to a shady spot under a tree,
and they get busy cleaning the meat and fish for dinner. The prepared
food is brought to camp, where Brandi has a pot of rice cooking. Peter
sets the grill over the fire, while Sue wraps the fish in wet leaves.
When the food's cooked, Jane and The Major join the group for supper.

When dinner's done and the camp is cleaned up, the group heads for the
beach to wash up. Most of the couples go in for a swim with a bar of
soap that's passed around, so they can clean up. Then, back on dry
land, the couples assemble together on logs around the fire pit.

The men get some wood together, and Lisa goes up to the shelter for a
few matches. The fire is lit, and everyone settles in for the nightly
entertainment of watching the wood burn. Darkness descends. The sounds
of the gentle waves lapping at the shore once more work their magic on
everyone, lulling them into that tranquil, island state of mind.

From time to time, people get up to get some food, or drink, or go to
the toilet. It's a warm, lazy evening.

Brandi: "God it's beautiful out here."

Lisa: "Who's got a campfire tale?"

Brandi: "We've both gone already."

Sue: "You've heard mine."

Trish: "Jane's heard mine."

Sam: "What? When?"

Trish: "A while back, on the shelter steps. I thought that it would
help her. Help her understand us, the way we submissives are."

The Major looks at Jane, but he doesn't say anything. He gets up to
head for the latrine.

Lisa: "How about you, Peter. Even the Major has entertained us with a
couple of tales."

Peter: "Well. . . I, uh. . . ."

Sue: "Tell them how you met Claire."

Sue's eyes are shining as she looks at her husband. Peter looks a
little uncomfortable, but as everyone is now staring at him, he feels
that he can protest no further.

[Voiceover:] "Claire was Peter's first wife, killed in a traffic
accident a little over seven years ago."

Peter: "Okay. It was quite a while ago, back when I was in college. I
partied a lot more back then, but then didn't we all at that age."

Peter smiles, but his focus is inward, tugging at memories he hasn't
approached since he met Sue.

Peter: "I remember that night I was out with a friend, just driving
around town, not doing much, when he tells me about this huge party
some friends of his were having. Apparently his friends had rented some
space in an old office building that was scheduled to come down. They
had gotten the space cheap because a lot of them had pitched in, and
also because almost all the previous tenants had by then moved out.
There were only a few days left on the month's lease so they were
having a party. I said sure, let's go, so we went.

"I was unprepared for the scale of things. There were maybe a couple of
hundred kids there by the time we arrived, and the party had spilled
out to take over most of the building. It was getting pretty trashed
from the inside, with people breaking into empty offices for more room.
But no one cared since the wrecking ball would be bringing the place
down soon anyway.

"Still, it was a madhouse. A band had shown up and was playing loud
music in one of the bigger rooms, and there was beer and booze
everywhere. The people. . . well, there were a few that I knew, but for
the most part it was a crowd of strangers.

"I remember standing with some friends of mine when I saw some punkers
come strolling through, maybe five or six of them. All about my age.
They were all done up the way you would expect, makeup, wild hairdos,
leather, chains...the works. All guys except for one of them, a girl
just as wildly dressed as they were. Except. . . except that, she was
on a leash. It was attached to a thick black collar around her neck,
and as they walked by I could see her hands were cuffed behind her."

Peter looks up at this point, and his eyes flicker briefly over the
attentive group.

"Of course, that was what drew my initial attention to the group. I
knew, even back then, that I was interested in bondage, and to see a
girl being walked around in public like that. . . well. . . what would
you do? Anyway, it isn't until they are almost out of the room when I
bother to really look at the girl's face, and instead of the bravado
and cheer that I see on her companions faces, hers is quiet, subdued.

"I remember thinking about her as the night went on, her face. . . and
those cuffs, never quite getting her out of my head. I took a few walks
around the building looking for them, and whenever I spotted them I
just stood and watched them for a while. The guys were all piss and
vinegar, but the girl never spoke a word that I saw.

"Then, I found her alone. I came upon her suddenly in a stairwell, her
leash tied out of her reach to a pipe in the wall. People going by were
giving her strange looks and some were laughing at her, but she wasn't
looking at any of them."  

Peter swallows nervously, as if actually back in that time. By the
look in his eyes, it seems that he could be.

"I go up to her, and ask her if she's okay. She says she is, but
doesn't look at me, so I ask her if she wants me to untie her leash and
she shakes her head. There are. . . lots of questions I want to ask
her, stuff about bondage and what she's into. . . but this was back
before the internet was big, and up until then I didn't really know how
to approach the subject. I knew Sam back then of course, but neither of
us at that time had come out of the closet, so to speak, about our
feelings on the subject. So I asked her if she was usually left alone
like this. She looked up at me and told me to go away, but there was a
look in her eyes, something that struck me deep. She was afraid, very
afraid, not of me, but of. . . ."

Peter pauses, and looks over at Jane. "It's been a long time since I've
seen a look like that on a woman's face. I never thought I'd see it
again."

He stares at Jane, and one by one, the others turn to look at her too. 
Uncomfortable at the sudden scrutiny, Jane stands. She looks like she's
about to say something, something personal, but holds it back. Instead
she says:

Jane: "I had better go see if my Master needs anything,"

Jane leaves. The group watches her go, until Brandi prompts Peter to
continue. Peter drags his thoughts back, from the present, to the past.

Peter: "Well, about then the boyfriend shows up. Come back to claim
her. I see in her eyes then who it is that she is afraid of, and I have
to tell you it made me angry. It didn't help that the guy was such an
asshole. He starts bitching at me about why I was there. What was I
doing talking to his girl. He was really insulting." Peter begins to
look really embarrassed at this point. "I don't know if you want to
really hear this,"  

The others ask him to continue, but it's Sue's voice that is strongest.

Sue: "TELL them," she urges, looking him directly in the eye.

After a moment, never looking away from Sue, Peter continues.   

Peter: "Maybe it was the beer, maybe it was the girl. . . maybe it was
because the guy was just being such an immature sniveling prick, but I
lost my temper. I have a. . . strong temper. . . when I'm finally
prodded into losing it. I know Sam could tell you of a time or two when
he's seen it. But back then I was. . . well. . . less in control."

Peter takes a quick glance around the group, and sees that the Major
has yet to return.

Peter: "Believe me, if the teenage me was here on this island, I
probably WOULD have hit the Major by now."

There are chuckles from the group.

"But when the punk starts to push me, actually touch me, I. . . punched
him."

Peter looks down, anywhere but in someone's eyes.

Sue: "Go on."  

Sue is holding his hand, giving him some of her strength. The others
can see that this isn't just a story. Peter is actually wrestling with
an inner demon to bring all this out.

Peter: "Just one punch, and down he goes, rolling down the stairs until
he hits the wall at the bottom. The people around us all stop and
stare, and, for a moment, I wonder if I have killed him. But he moves
again and gets up on his hands and knees, blood pouring from his face.
He starts swearing at me, calling me every name he can think of while
trying to get to his feet. When he does, he has a chain in his hand. A
nasty looking thing about a foot long, and the way he holds it. . . you
know, it's amazing how vivid that moment is to me, even after all these
years. But the way he was holding it told me that he was well used to
using that thing as a weapon.

"To be honest, a part of me thought I was done for, but another part
still held on to the anger, and that must have been what was showing
because when we lock eyes, he stops talking. He tries to swear at me
again, but there is nothing in it, and then he tells me I'm welcome to
her before he turns and runs down the stairs."

Peter's fists are clenched, knuckles white, but Sue calmly rubs both
his wrists with her hands, soothing the anger the memories have
stirred.

"I look back at the girl who looks as frightened as ever, and she says
that the guy will be back with his friends soon. Feeling brave, I ask
her if she thinks I couldn't handle them, and I actually see a glint of
surprise. . . and also relief, in her expression. I unclip the leash
from her collar, I didn't need it, and told her I thought it best we
both got out of there. She didn't argue. We went out a side door, half
in a run, the girl moving awkwardly because of her bound hands and high
heels. It isn't until we are a few blocks away before we both begin to
relax. It was three o'clock in the morning then, but I could see her
better now with the street lights and I could tell that under all the
makeup, she was quite pretty. I guess. . . well. . . if not love at
first sight, then maybe at least a very strong attraction?

"Anyway, I asked her if there was someplace I could take her, but she
said the only place in town she knew was the punk's, so I took her home
with me. It was a night of. . . well, discovery. I found out her name
was Claire, and that the punk whose name I can't remember now, had
basically held the girl against her will for six months because she
owed him some money. She told me she was. . . well, working it off.
Apparently the asshole was making her earn her way by pimping her off
to his friends. She was a wreck."

Peter takes a deep breath. Those sitting closest to him can see the
tears in his eyes as he's looking back at his past.

"While she's telling me this, spilling her guts out to a complete
stranger, I'm hunting around the apartment for something to get her
cuffs off. But I can't find anything and in the end she says it didn't
matter, that she really didn't mind the cuffs. But she hated the way
she looked, hated the clothes forced upon her and the make up.

"Well, of course my ears perked up at hearing that she didn't mind
being cuffed up, but at the time there were other things to be done.
She was crying, a bit hysterical, a bit angry. She kept saying how
dirty she was, how ugly, and I did my best to calm her down.

"Eventually. . . I had to take her clothes from her, all the stuff she
had been given to wear. She insisted on it, she hated them. Much of it
I had to cut off her because of her cuffs and she didn't care."

Peter swallows, looking uncomfortable, and also more angry. 

"It was. . . as she was becoming exposed that I nearly lost my temper
for the second time that night. Remember that chain I told you the guy
pulled. Well, I was right. Claire had several sets of ribbon bruises,
across her back, arms and legs. Some were pretty fresh and looked
painful, even though she didn't complain. It made me want to go find
the guy and kill him, honest to God. But instead I went and ran her a
bath, and I washed her down, got off all the make up and stuff. You
know, I was right, she was very pretty."

Peter stops talking for a little while and the group sits in silence. 
Sam, who has heard this story only once before, but not with this much
emotion added, takes comfort in Trish as he remembers the Claire that
he knew. Sue has her attention on Peter, giving him what support she
can as he weeps silently, his grief visible only to her who knows him
so well.

The others dwell on the images Peter has presented them, the fight, the
girl's injuries, the scared look in her eyes. It is Myka who breaks the
silence.  

Myka: "Did you ever get him?"

Peter doesn't look at her. "I took care of Claire, made things right
for her. She had no family that gave a damn about her, so she stayed
with me. We fell in love, got married. . . . excuse me."

Peter suddenly stands, and walks away from the fire, vanishing into the
darkness in the direction of the beach. The others watch him go.

Sam: To Sue. "Why did you make him tell that story?"  

Sam knows how strong the feeling are that Peter still has for the wife
he lost.

Sue: "Trust me, Sam. He needed to."

Sue then leaves, following her husband.

Out in the darkness, on her own, Jane sits quietly. In the shadows on
the other side of the firepit, a second lone figure stirs. The Major
stands, and returns to the circle of firelight.

Much later on, the couples begin to stand and stretch, then head off
towards the toilet and to the shelter. Sam and Peter give their wives a
hug and a kiss, and send them off to bed. They're the last to remain,
down by the fire.

Sam: "You and her had a lot of great times together, you know."

Peter: "Yeah, I know. Life does tend to go on, doesn't it. Come on,
Sam. Let's call it a night."

Sam: "Sure."

[Title: DAY THIRTY EIGHT.]

[Dawn's light. On the beach.] The Major and Jane are up early like
always and doing their regular morning workout. The Major slows and
stretches, working a knot out of his back.

Major: "What was that little chat that Trish said you'd had on the
shelter steps about?"

Jane is doing her fifty pushups on the sand, and she decides that it's
best to keep doing them while she answers her dom's question.

Jane: "Nothing," puff. "Sir. She," puff. "just sat and," puff.
"talked," puff. "to me."

Jane is up to forty six and the Major takes note of the trembling in
her arms as she raises herself up. He shakes his head, but lets her
finish the set before speaking again.

Major: "What did she talk to you about?"

Jane collapses on the sand. She's breathing hard but, in a moment, she
answers.

Jane: "Trish started telling me about a time when she. . ."

Major: "On your feet and face forward!"

Jane quickly stands up, stands at attention, facing the ocean.

Major: "A time when she, what?"

Jane: "A time when she was locked in chains and placed in a dark cave
by her dominant to find her own way out, sir. I didn't really
understand what she was talking about."

Major: "And what did you say?"

Jane: "I told her that I didn't understand. Sir. It seemed like she had
wanted her dominant to chain her up inside the cave and leave her.
Like a challenge, I guess. She wanted to try and find her own way out."

More than just a challenge, though. Jane had sensed the excitement in
Trish as she relived the scene and told her the tale. It had seemed
like much more than just a thing to suffer through, like all of her
scenes with the Major are. For Trish, the experience had a deeply
sexual overtone to it. "Awesome", Trish had said. And it had sounded
like it was all her idea to do it. Her dom only helped in making it
happen.

Major: "And what was it you said last night, that prompted Peter to
tell that story he told?"

Jane stiffens as her eyes briefly glance the Major's way. He,
naturally, sees this.

Jane: "Nothing, Sir. I didn't say anything to him, or anyone else."

The Major stands staring at his sub. After a minute or so, he looks
away, out to sea. Jane's eyes flicker to the side. The Major isn't
saying anything now. He's staring out to sea, seemingly thinking about
something.

Jane thinks back to that girl that Peter talked about, last night,
around the fire. Jane had seen a lot of herself in that girl. The way
she'd come to accept her life with that guy, the way she'd given up all
hope of ever having a normal life with someone kind, and caring. The
way she herself had been, before coming to this island.

Like a miner who's been trapped by a cave-in, deep underground, who
spies a flickering glimmer of hope through the wall of shattered rock
blocking his tunnel, that weak, and beaten spark of spirit that was the
girl now called Jane, begins to shine a bit brighter.

All of the subs who've been on this island have seemed to almost enjoy
their time in bondage. It's never been something distressing that
they'd had to bear. The cuffs and chains, and even with the handcuffs
they'd had to wear after that card matching challenge, their bondage
had always seemed to give them a sense of something like pleasure. A
sense of completeness.

The remnants of the spirit of the girl Jane once was, raises it's
voice, adding to the maelstrom of thoughts swirling madly inside of her
head.

Jane watches as a seagull dives to snatch something from the surface of
the water. It gains height, and swoops high over her head with a small
fish in it's beak. Jane's eyes flicker downward to the cuffs and chain
on her wrists. There's something very wrong with her life with the
Major.

The Major, sensing his sub's confusion, finally speaks.

Major: "You just forget all about Peter and Sue, and put your efforts
into winning this game. It's a Million Dollars, Jane. Two more
challenges to win, and it's ours. I'm not going to be very happy if I
have to leave here without that money in my pocket. Understand?"

Jane: "Yes, Sir. We're going to take this thing, Sir."

Major: "That's right. Now, go prepare my breakfast."

Jane makes a smart about face and then walks off towards the shelter.
Jane, for the first time in quite a while, makes up her own mind on
something that will concern her directly. At their campsite, Jane sees
Sue and Peter sitting at the partially repaired table. Jane has made
the decision to seek help, in escaping from the Major.

Jane: "Good morning, Sue, Sir."

Peter: "Morning, Jane."

Sue: "Good morning."

Peter and Sue look at one another as Jane goes to the food storage
shelf to get her master's breakfast ready. Peter refills his coffee cup
and he goes to the food shelf for a bit of sugar. He sees Jane stiffen
slightly when he approaches her. Then, Jane speaks to him in a low
voice, not looking directly at him.

[The sound quality is poor.]

Jane: "Sir, may I have a word?"

Peter, sensing that something serious is up, gets some sugar into his
coffee and he stirs it with a stick. He turns away from Jane to look
out over their campsite. He is keeping an eye out for Him.

Peter: Softly. "Of course, Jane."

Jane: "Sir. I feel that my time with the Major is finished. Win or
lose, I don't think that I can return home with him. Susan has
mentioned to me that you would perhaps be able to help me get away from
him. Please, Sir. I need to be free of the Major."

Peter takes a slow sip of his coffee.

Peter: "It's best we're not seen talking. Yes, Jane. Of course we'll
help you. We'll meet later when he's not around."

Peter reaches up and gets the can of tea off the food shelf. He opens
the lid and holds the tin out towards Jane. Jane looks at his face,
then down into the tin of tea. She reaches in to take out a tea bag,
then continues on with the making of her dominant's morning cup of tea.

Brandi, Lisa, and their subs, have woken up and they step out from the
shelter. The four girls head off towards the latrine. The Major comes
up from the beach to be handed his coconut shell cup of tea by Jane.
Sam and Trish leave the shelter, and they sit with Peter at the table.
Jane and Sue are preparing some fruit and eggs for breakfast.

The Major sits at the table and the three men begin talking. Jane
glances towards the table a couple of times. Sue sees this, and she
walks past the fire where Jane is watching the eggs boiling in a pot.
Sue gives Jane a look. Jane looks back at the table. Sue gives Jane
another "look", one that says, "Keep your attentions on what you're
doing, girl."

Jane gets it. She gives the eggs a gentle stir with a stick.

Sam: "So, Major. Figured out what you'll do with the million?"

Major: "Not yet. It's a lot of money."

Sam: "Yes, it would be. It would sure solve some of our problems."

Marsha and Myka return with a big bunch of bananas. Lisa and Brandi
join the others at the table.

Brandi: "Marsha wants to bring home that stupid pig. If we win, I'll
have to buy a farm."

Marsha: "Hector isn't stupid. He's very smart."

Brandi: "He's a pig, Marsha. Is he going to find a job to earn his
keep if we don't win?"

Trish: "Maybe Home Showcase could find work for him. Put him in a TV
show, like Arnold the Pig on Green Acres."

The Major and Sam are grinning. The others draw a blank. That show
aired back before their time.

Trish: She looks around. "Green Acres. . . ? Never mind."

After their breakfast, most of the contestants head down to the beach
for swims, and some laying around. Sam asks the Major if he'd like to
join him and Trish for some fishing. So the three take the boat out to
head to deep water, out past the reef.

Peter and Sue head up the beach a ways to stake out a shady spot under
some trees. Jane watches from the end of the jungle path, as Sam and
Trish take the Major out in the boat. Peter scans the jungle around
them for hidden microphones and cameras, and doesn't see any that look
like they're working. But, as Jane moves up the beach to where they
are, a camera crew follows her.

Peter and Sue watch as Jane moves to join them and the camera sets up.
Jane is looking nervously at the camera, and Peter glances into the
lens a few times too. But all three survivors know, that the camera
will not be denied, the filming of this upcoming little piece of real
life drama.

Peter: "Let's all keep in mind that what we say here is being recorded.
All right, we all know what's going on here. The questions that remain
are when, and how. Sue?"

Sue: "Jane. You told me once before that he has friends, people he can
call. Do you believe that they may get involved in this?"

Jane: "I. . . Maybe. They've done favours for him before."

Sue: "Do you believe they would resort to acts of violence against you,
or anyone who attempted to help you?"

Jane: "I. . . . Against myself, most definitely. Though I'm sure that
he would prefer to do that him -"

Peter: "- LET'S, watch what we say, here."

Jane: "Oh! I'm sorry, Sir."

Peter: "It's alright, Jane. Act like anything we say can be used
against us, or someone else, in a court of law. Let's not create
troubles where we don't need to."

Sue bends to cup her hand over her mouth against Peter's ear. She
whispers something to him. He whispers something into her ear with his
hand up, so the camera can't catch it. This goes back and forth a few
times, with both Peter and Sue seemingly getting more and more
agitated. Finally, Peter pulls back. He looks hard at Sue.

Peter: "I've decided."

Sue: "Yes, Master."

Both Peter and Sue give Jane a glance. Jane moves to stand up.

Jane: "I can't have my troubles affecting you people. You shouldn't be
getting involved in this. You needn't bother about me, I'll be all
right."

Peter: "Jane. Sit down again. Please."

After a moment, Jane sits back down with them.

Peter: "We're already involved. Now, the when, we'll work out later on.
None of us are going to go anywhere for the next three days anyway. 

"The how, is this. The proper authorities will have to be contacted.
There are shelters for women such as yourself, and they'll be able to
help you better than we can. They can send you to another State, with a
new name, and a new identity. You'll be able to get work, and make a
new life for yourself."

Peter moves towards Jane with his hand raised. Jane's eyes widen and
she draws back. Both Peter and Sue see this. Peter freezes. He slowly
raises his hand up to his mouth. Jane relaxes now, and bends her ear
towards him.

Peter whispers something into Jane's ear. A small grin comes to her
lips. Peter draws back and looks into Jane's eyes.

Peter: "We'll see. I've yet to ask them about it, but I'm sure it will
be alright.

"If you don't want to go back home with the Major, I'll not stand by
and have you forced to go with him against your will. Understood?"

Peter is looking at Jane, but he looks at Sue as well. Sue turns to
Jane.

Sue: "It'll be Ok, Jane. Whatever happens, Peter will make sure that
nothing bad comes from all this."

Jane: "Thank you, Mistress Sue. Sir."

Peter: "Uh, I'm Peter. This is just Sue."

Jane: "Yes, Sir."

Peter: "Ah, Ok. Let's go for a swim."

The group stand up to move across the beach. At the water's edge, Peter
takes hold of one of Sue's hands, and one of Jane's hands. Together,
the three run splashing into the surf and kicking up a spray.

In deeper water, Sue takes Jane's hands in hers and she looks into the
girl's eyes. Jane is smiling now, and there's a definite change in her
demeanour. Peter moves towards her and Sue.

Sue: "It'll be all right, Jane. You have to believe that it will."

Peter: "Jane. You'll have to act the same around him as you always
have. He's not stupid. Just one look at your face right now, and he's
going to know that something's up."

Sue: "That's right. And you're still going to have to compete in the
challenges as you've always done too. The Major still has every right
to win the money, same as we all do. If we let any of this interfere
with the game, we're all going to catch Hell."

Peter looks around and sees a camera on the beach focused on them. He
turns back to Sue and Jane.

Peter: "That's very true. I don't want to see him win, but we have to
keep this outside of the game. Besides, if he sees that you're not
trying, he's going to suspect something. If he does, he'll be watching
you like a Hawk, and you might not get a chance to slip away. We have
to stay true to the game and have everyone have a fair chance at
winning. That means you and him too."

Jane's face has dropped while Peter has been talking to her. He brings
his hand to her chin to lift her face up to him. Peter smiles at her.

Peter: "Don't get nervous when you're around him, Jane. Just keep doing
what you've been doing, and everything's going to work out."

Jane: "I'll try, Sir, uh, Peter."

Peter: Smiling. "Maybe you had better stick to Sir, for now."

[Cut to: The boat.] Sam is driving the boat back, with the Major
sitting on the center seat, Trish up front. Sam brings the boat close
to shore and shuts the motor off, then lifts it. The boat grounds out
on the sand. Sam and the Major climb out to pull it up on the beach.

Sam helps Trish out of the boat. Jane has been sitting on shore eating
some fruit, and she goes to help drag the boat up higher. She hands a
few pieces of fruit to the two others, and to her dominant. The Major
gives her a quick look over, then turns to help Sam lift up the cooler
of fish they'd caught.

Trish: "Jane, could you help me clean the fish, please?"

Jane: "Sure, Trish."

The Major hands Trish his knife, then he and Sam head off. Trish goes
into the jungle to find some big leaves to wrap their catch. Jane
begins cutting into the biggest fish, and seagulls gather to wait for
the scraps. Trish lays out five banana leaves on the boat seats.

Trish: "Talk to Peter and Sue?"

Jane: "I. . . err, yes."

Trish: "We're all here for you, Jane. We'll help you get through this
thing."

Jane: "Thank you, Trish."

Up at camp, Sue and Myka are squeezing out the juice from a bunch of
fruit. Brandi has a pot of beans cooking. Sam and Peter go for water.
The Major sits across from Lisa and Marsha, drinking some juice.

Trish brings the wrapped fish up to camp. She and Myka unwrap the
leaves to sprinkle some lemon and lime juice over the fish. The packets
are then placed on the grill over the fire to cook. By the time Sam and
Peter return with jugs of fresh water, lunch is ready.

The group spend a relaxing afternoon down by the water, swimming or
snoozing in the shade. Dinner is more fish, caught near the reef by
Peter, and a big can of soup is heated to go along with it. The nightly
bonfire is lit, but there's little talk around the campfire this night.
The couples are all mentally preparing for the next day's important
challenge.

[Title: DAY THIRTY NINE.]

[Dawn.] The Major and Jane head down to the beach to start their
morning workout. Planted in the sand on the beach, is a camera tripod,
and hanging from it, is a bamboo tube.

Major: "The new mail tree."

The Major reaches into the tube to pull out a scrap of paper. On it, is
printed:

"Submissives: Ride the bucking bronco! Best times win points. Meet at
the big clearing at noon."

Major: He snorts. "Bucking bronco! Like the ones they have in bars?
Well, Hell. If it's for you subs, I'm gong to take it easy today. You
buck up and finish your sets. I'm going to get something to eat."

Jane begins with a few stretching exercises to limber up, while she
watches her dominant head back to camp. She turns to face the rising
sun, spreads her feet to the limit of her ankle chain, and with her
hands up over her head, she bends to one side, then the other.

At camp, the Major gets a fire going. While he waits for the wood to
catch, he does a bit of stretching and bending. Then he puts on a pot
of water.

Peter is up and he returns from the toilet, passing Sam and Trish on
the way. He joins the Major at the table. The Major pulls the challenge
announcement from the pocket of his shorts and hands it to Peter. Peter
reads the note.

Peter: "The subs ride a bucking bronco machine until they're bounced
off?"

Major: "Sounds like."

Sam has joined the other two men, and he reads the challenge.

Sam: "Seems like most of the times that we try to guess what the
challenge is, it has turned out to be something entirely different."

Peter: He laughs. "Yeah. I guess we'll just have to wait and see."

Breakfast is made from whatever is on hand on the food storage shelf.
There's rice, and beans, and rice with beans, and Myka makes a stew
with leftover fish from yesterday's supper and some milk powder.

Towards noon, the group takes fruit to munch on during the walk, and
they all head to the big clearing where the challenge will be.

When they get to the site, the first thing they see is a long rail with
a sort of a saddle mounted on it at one end. On closer examination, the
subs see that a big rubbery dildo sticks up from the center of the
saddle. The doms relax then, and start looking around for comfy places
to sit and watch the show. Kent and Brent meet the group near the rail.
Miss Kate is seated on a chair at the end, with a stopwatch in her
hand.

Kent: "Welcome, everyone. This is our second to last challenge in the
game. It's a race against time, for the submissives only, and the
points are the usual twenty, fifteen and ten."

Kent moves to the saddle at the end of the rail. The rail is mounted
three feet off the ground with steel A frames underneath, at each end.
Two big jugs of water sit nearby with a jar of lubricant jelly on the
ground beside them.

Kent: "Ok. The rail is thirty feet long, and the idea is for each of
you subs to sit up in the saddle, and propel yourself to the other end.
How? Well it's quite easy, really."

Kent takes hold of the dildo, which is made from a soft, squishy
synthetic rubber, coloured a bright green, and contrasting nicely with
the dark brown leather of the saddle. A darker rod can be seen inside
of the dildo. Kent pushes the dildo forward, and a click and a thump is
heard. The saddle moves forward two inches along the rail on roller
bearings underneath. Kent pulls back on the dildo, and the saddle moves
ahead another two inches.

Kent: "With the dildo up inside of you, all you have to do is rock back
and forth and you'll drive yourself to the end of the rail. Fastest
three times win points.

"Now the problem we'll have is with your ankle chains. We'll need two
strong dominants to lift the rail up off it's support, so I can get
your ankle chain under the rail when you get seated in the saddle. Any
volunteers? Peter and Sam?"

Peter and Sam look around, but they don't mind getting volunteered all
that much. Grinning, they move towards Kent, who's fitting a steel rod
through a hole near the saddle end of the rail.

Brent pulls a lever under the saddle to move it back into the starting
position. He then takes some water to wet the seat down, and he smears
a dollop of lube on the end of the dildo. Peter and Sam move to either
side of the rail.

Kent: "Should we draw cards, or does anyone want to go first?"

Trish, and Jane, both move to step forward. Kent sees them and grins.

Kent: "That's the spirit, girls. Jane, how about you go first?"

Jane: "Thank you, Sir."

With the help of Kent and Brent, Jane steps up on the back of the A
frame and she positions herself over the saddle. Her mouth is set in a
tight, grim line. She puts one hand under her, to ease the big rubber
cock inside of her. Once she's seated down on the saddle, Kent lets go
of her arm, while Brent steadies her upright in the seat. Kent gives a
signal to Peter and Sam, who lift up on the bar that is through the
rail. The rail and Jane rise up a few inches. Kent slips Jane's ankle
chain over the top of the A frame and under the rail. Peter and Sam
lower the rail, while Jane straightens herself to sit tall in the
saddle. She doesn't look very happy.

Kent: "Excellent. Peter, pull the bar out and take it to the other end.
Both you and Sam will follow each sub as they progress down the rail. I
don't think anyone will fall off, but just be there if they do. At
the end, once they've passed the finish point, help them get stopped.
Those are the only times you can touch one of the subs, at the end, or
if it looks like they're going to fall, Ok? No talking to them either."

Sam: "Got it."

Kent: "Hold still, Jane, until I give you the word."

Brent reaches under the saddle to release the brake. Kent glances at
Miss Kate, who readies her stopwatch.

Kent: "Ready? Set? GO!"

Jane grips the front of the saddle tight, and rocks her hips forward.
She hears the sound of the ratchet underneath the saddle engage, and
she moves forward a bit. Jane rocks back, pressing her bum against the
back of the saddle, and she feels herself move ahead a little more.
Forward and back. Forward and back. Jane picks up some speed as she
drives the saddle down the rail.

When she shifts herself forward, the soft rubber dildo pushes deep up
inside of her, and her clit rubs against the leather saddle ahead of
it. A tingling bolt of pleasure shoots through her body each time. When
she rocks backwards, the dildo presses hard against her G spot inside
of her. Each engagement of the ratchet under the saddle can be heard,
and felt, transmitted directly inside of her most sensitive areas by
the stiff rod inside the dildo. As Jane picks up speed, she begins
breathing harder.

The saddle stops moving with a little jerk. Jane hasn't rocked forward
quite enough, and the mechanism hasn't engaged properly. It takes a
second for her to realize this, because she's getting close to cumming.
Jane shifts her hips back hard, then forward again, and the saddle
begins moving. She's half way to the end now. Ahead, then back. Ahead,
then back. Jane has found her rhythm now and, with a look of
determination on her face, she drives hard for home.

Jane is moaning loudly through clenched teeth. Miss Kate watches
closely. When the front of the saddle crosses the finish line, she
clicks off the stopwatch. Sam and Peter take hold of Jane's arms as the
saddle hits the stop on the end of the rail. But Jane continues humping
the life out of that dildo up inside of her. Peter and Sam, grinning
like mad, steady Jane in the saddle and let her ride out the end of her
orgasm.

Brent slides the steel bar through a hole in the rail and he and Kent
lift up on it. Peter brings Jane's feet forward as he lifts her chain
over top of the A frame. Then Jane is eased off of the saddle and the
dildo. Jane's feet touch the ground, but her legs won't support her.
Sue and Myka help steady the girl until she's able to open her eyes and
stand on her own.

Kent: "Excellent. Jane's time to beat?" Kent looks at a board where
Miss Kate's writing down the time. "One minute, twenty one seconds.
Who's next?"

Trish now isn't so sure she wants to go. Myka steps forward.

Myka: "May I go next?"

Kent: "Sure thing!"

Brent pulls the catch on the saddle and runs it back to the start. Kent
suggests that Lisa tie Myka's long hair up so it won't interfere with
the saddle, so Lisa helps her wind her hair up behind her head. They
use two small sticks to pin her hair up out of the way. Brent washes
down the saddle and re-lubes the dildo, then Myka is helped up onto it,
and the rail is raised to get her ankle chain underneath.

Kent looks at Kate, who's ready with the stopwatch.

Kent: "Ready? Set? GO!"

Myka starts humping the dildo.

Myka also quickly finds out that when she shifts her hips forward, her
clit grinds against the front of the saddle, and the feelings are
equally intense when she rocks her bum back on it. Myka's progress down
the rail is fairly steady, until she reaches about two thirds of the
way towards the finish line. Myka draws in a deep breath, and suddenly
shifts herself into high gear. She starts cumming like a freight train,
and she wildly bangs herself back and forth against the dildo inside
her pussy.

A moaning Myka with her eyes tightly shut makes the saddle fly past the
finish line. The mechanism underneath her seat runs out of cams to
catch, and the saddle bangs hard against the stop. Peter and Sam are
ready to grab hold of a sweat covered Myka as her mind spins, coming
down from the rush. They wait a moment, until she's able to open her
eyes, before helping her off the saddle.

Myka's time: A minute and nine seconds. Lisa jumps for joy and then
hugs her exhausted submissive tightly.

Next up is Sue. Brent readies the equipment with a wash and a dollop of
lube. Sue climbs aboard. Sue gets off quick, and makes the half way
mark with a steady rhythm. But once there, she orgasms big time. Sue's
motions become frantic, and the saddle stops moving as she grinds
herself down hard against the dildo. It takes but a few moments for her
to get going again, but that lost time is enough to send her into last
place with a minute, thirty two.

Trish cums hard near the middle, but she fights through it and keeps
humping that dildo. She pulls down 1:24 to take third place in the
challenge. Marsha cums hard soon after the start, and again, right near
the end. Her time is 1:29. Marsha also has to sit for a while, with the
big rubber cock crammed up her twat, before she's able to lift herself
off it.

Kent: "Super job, everyone. A really great race. In first place today,
Lisa and Myka for twenty points! Second, it's the Major and Jane! And
third, for ten, Sam and Trish."

The subs are all pretty worn out, but there's cheers and shouts from
the winning doms. Lisa gives Myka a big kiss. The Major puts his arm
around Jane's shoulders. She turns to look, but remains standing there,
and she resists the urge to shake him off her. Kent is adding up the
new totals on a piece of paper, and he waits for everyone to quiet
down.

Kent: "As you all know, tomorrow will be our last day on the island.
You should all have your belongings together and be ready on the beach
by noon. We'll bring a boat around to take you to the site of our final
challenge.

"Today's challenge has managed to close the points spread tighter than
ever. There's just eighteen points between Sam in first, and Lisa in
last. Peter now holds second place, while the Major is third and Brandi
takes forth. Any one of you couples can be walking away tomorrow a lot
richer than when you came here.

"I'd like to wish all of you the best of luck in tomorrow's challenge.
Have a good night, and we'll see you then."

Kent hands the sheet with the points totals to Brandi, and the ten
challengers make their way out of the clearing to follow the trail down
to the beach. Excitement runs high amongst our ten contestants, as the
final challenge looms large on the horizon.

[Go commercial. / Return.]

At camp, most of the subs take a dip in the ocean, while Peter and Sam
drag the boat down into the water to try catching some dinner. The
Major takes his sub off to one side and he's seen talking to her. Sue
and Trish, out in the water, watch closely.

The Major makes no sudden moves towards Jane. He just seems to be
calmly talking to her. He notices a camera crew moving into position to
catch their conversation, and he abruptly ends it by walking away from
his sub to head up towards the shelter. Jane gives the camera a glance,
then turns to walk down into the water.

Jane swims alone for a while, paddling with strong strokes out almost
to the reef before turning, to swim back. She angles her return
slightly, to pass near where Trish and Sue are standing. Jane stops
near them to stand, and she wipes the water from her face and eyes.

[The camera in the water leaves Brandi, Lisa, and their subs, and what
they're doing, to close in on the other three girls.]

Sue: To Jane. "What did he want?"

Jane: "Nothing, really. Naturally he gave me shit for not winning the
challenge. He wanted to know why I seemed so eager to go first."

Sue: "Why did you volunteer to go first?"

Jane: "I thought that then, you'd all know the time you'd have to beat.
Also, if I'd waited till I knew your times, I'd have to try and not
beat them. I didn't want him to suspect that I'd deliberately try not
to win."

Trish: "But you came second and put him up fifteen points."

Jane: "I know and I couldn't help it. When I had that thing jammed up
me, I just wanted to make it end as quickly as possible.

"There's another reason that I wanted to go first, though. When I first
saw that huge rubber cock and knew where it was going to go, I. . . I
wanted to get it over with fast, before I thought too much about it.
I. . . was afraid that I'd turn and run away if I did."

Trish looks at Sue. Sue takes hold of one of Jane's hands. Sue turns,
and looks out to sea. Partly, to hide from Jane the tears beginning to
well up in her eyes.

Trish: "We're going to help you get your life back to normal, Jane.
I spoke with Sam last night, and he's in total agreement with Peter.
We're going to make this work."

Jane: "You people are too good to be getting mixed up with him and my
problems. He knows some really bad people, Trish. People that owe him
favours." Jane gives the camera a hard glance. "Once he sees this
footage, he's going to know."

Trish: "He's not going to see any tapes shot today, or tomorrow, for a
long time yet. Don't forget, this is the final show. The producers are
going to seal these tapes up so nobody finds out who wins the game
until the end."

Sue: "We are going to have to go to the authorities before then, Jane.
Once he knows, none of us will be safe."

Jane: "I know."

[Cut to: The boat.] Peter and Sam are having a conversation while Peter
steers the boat out to deep water. Because of the motor running, we
can't hear what they're saying. They talk for a few minutes while Peter
drives the boat in a circle. Then he leans back to shut off the motor.

Sam hands him a fishing rod, while Peter cuts up some chicken meat for
bait. The two men hang their lines over the side. Sam gives Peter a
wink, then they get down to some serious fishing.

Supper that night is three nice sized Groupers, and a bit bigger Sea
Bass. Some of the fish is sprinkled with lime juice and wrapped in
leaves to cook, while a few large pieces are grilled on the grill.

After dinner and the camp is cleaned up, the group head down to the
beach for a swim and a wash. Hector the pig finishes up the last of the
table scraps to then join Marsha down by the water. Marsha borrows some
Mermaid Seas shampoo from Myka and begins giving her pet piggy a bubble
bath.

[Show Mermaid Seas Shampoo bottle. Hold camera on product: 4 seconds.]

Brandi and Lisa join their subs sitting on the shore, and watch Marsha
wash Hector.

Lisa: "Getting him ready for his big trip tomorrow?"

Brandi: "We talked to Kent after the challenge today. The show is going
to pick up the tab to let Hector return home with us. Great, huh?"

Lisa: "Well, if you and Marsha win, you could buy some goats and
chickens and go live on a farm. I think you'd both look good in
denim overalls with cow shit on them."

Brandi: "Yeah, thanks Lisa. We'll be sure and reserve a stall in the
barn for you and Myka."

Marsha looks up as Myka bursts out laughing. Lisa gives Brandi's thigh
a pinch, but Brandi grabs her hand and pulls her in close for a kiss.
Lisa leans into the kiss, and the two dommes cuddle together for a
while.

Myka gets up to help splash water over Hector to rinse him off. The
four girls watch, as the little pig scampers away and up the beach a
little, to then take a roll in the sand.

Myka: "He is cute, though."

Marsha, just smiles.

Out in the water, Peter and Sam, along with their wives, have come
together for a casual looking chat.

Sue: "Trish had a good point earlier on about the tapes being shot
today. She thinks that they'll be sealed, so nobody can find out who
wins the pot until the last show airs."

Peter: "So he's not going to know anything about this for at least
three months."

Sam: "Maybe longer. Depends how fast they can edit the shows together."

Sue: "Post production could take at least a month. We'll have to
convince Jane to tell her story to the proper authorities before this
final show airs. Once he finds out where she's hiding, you two aren't
going to be safe.

Trish: "What could make a man become so abusive of a woman like that?
Jane seems like a smart girl, when you can get her talking. But she's
been so beaten down by him that she doesn't even know who she is
anymore."

Peter: "Some guys just think they're so much more powerful when they've
got a woman cowering before them. They think they're strong, but it
just shows how weak they really are. Anyone can use physical force to
subdue someone else. But it takes strength of character to have a woman
stay willingly with you. Not only stay by your side, but to fight to
remain there."

Sue: "Damn right."

A little later on, wood is collected for the nightly bonfire. The fire
is lit, and the couples begin to gather around to sit on logs and watch
the fire.

Trish: "Our last campfire."

Brandi: "In a few days we'll be home and heading back to our jobs."

Lisa: "Well two of us might not be. Someone here is going home with a
big pile of cash."

Sue: "I wonder what tomorrow's challenge is going to be like."

Sam: "Something hard, no doubt. Something that involves all of us too."

Major: "The winner tomorrow could very well take the pot."

Peter: "Yup."

[Title: DAY FORTY.]

Peter bumps into Sam as he rounds the partition that divides the inside
of the shelter. Sue looks up from their bed.

Peter: "Check the mail?"

Sam: "Let's go."

Down on the beach, the camera tripod is there, with the bamboo tube
hanging from it. Peter reaches in to pull out a scrap of paper. He
unrolls it and reads the announcement to Sam.

Peter: Reading. "Have your bags packed and be ready to leave by noon.
You will be taken by boat, up the beach, to the site of your final
challenge. The best of luck to you all:  Kent."

Sam: "Not even a clue what the challenge is."

Peter: "Nope."

By the time Sam and Peter get back to camp, others have wakened and are
moving around, going to the toilet, or getting the morning fire going.
They stop to gather around, eager to hear word of the challenge.

Sam: "Nothing to hint at what it's going to be. Just somewhere up the
beach at noon."

Brandi: "Well anyway, what are we going to do for food today? There's
not much of anything left."

Some biscuits are made from the last of the flour, and a pot of rice is
cooked. There's fruit, which everyone is sick of, but there's little
else left to eat. After the group has eaten what they have, Sam and
Peter take a turn at fishing. When they come back with only a couple of
little ones, Lisa and Brandi give it a try.

Sue and Myka begin cleaning up the camp. The food shelf is taken down,
and much of the garbage that couldn't be burned gets hauled down to the
beach. Marsha and Trish join in to carry pots and pans, empty cans and
bits of rope, and other things, down to a growing pile on the beach.

Sam and Peter help the Major to take down the shelter. Most of the wood
goes into a bonfire, while pieces of tarp and rope get added to the
pile of junk and stuff on the beach.

The survivers work mostly in silence, concentrating on the tasks
they've chosen to do. From time to time, one or more of them will pause
by the fire and watch, as pieces of shelter, or seats, the table,
coconut shell cups and bowls, become reduced to ashes.

Backpacks are packed with personal items and clothing, and brought down
to the beach. Final bits of trash are picked up from around the
campsite and burned, or added to the pile. The fish that were caught
earlier are cooked over an open fire on the beach, and eaten by the
ten, grim faced survivers.

Trish: "It's hard to believe it was only forty days ago that we had our
first island meal, right here, on this beach."

Lisa: "The time has passed quickly, yet it seems like we've been here a
lifetime."

The sound of a motor intrudes on the silence. The group look up as the
rusty troop carrier rounds the point, to come about, and drive for the
sand. The boat grounds out near shore, the front ramp lowers, and Kent
Brockman steps down and into the surf. He makes his way towards the ten
survivers.

Kent: "Good morning. Everyone ready?"

Sam: "Yeah, I guess."

Kent looks around at the sad faces around him. Some of the contestants
are looking around, taking a final look, at what was their home for the
past forty days.

Kent: "Sad to be leaving?"

Lisa: "When we first landed, I had no idea how we'd survive out here.
But now, this feels like home to me. I don't know how the rest of you
feel, but me, I could stay here forever."

Trish: "Yeah, me too."

There's murmurs of agreement from a few of the others as well.

Kent: "Well, I guess you could always book a holiday on one of the
nearby islands someday. But now, I'm afraid we have a challenge to go
to. Are we ready?"

Major: "Let's do it!"

Peter: "Yeah!"

Myka: "Whoooo!"

Kent: "That's the way! Let's go."

The ten survivers, Kent, and Marsha's pet pig, board the transport and
the ramp is raised. With a puff of black smoke the engine fires up, and
the boat backs off the sand. The boat turns, to then head away from
Surviver beach.

The site of the final challenge is a wide stretch of beach, North. A
large tarp is strung up from trees and poles, and hides the challenge
setup from sight. The troop carrier grounds out on the shore, where
Brent and Miss Kate are waiting. The challengers assemble on the beach
around them. Miss Kate has a large paper bag in her hand, which the
subs are eyeing carefully.

Kent: "Well! Here we are. Day forty and the final challenge. As you all
know, any one of you couples could win this challenge and be walking
off this island with a Million dollars in your hands.

"I want to congratulate all of you, for making it this far in the game,
and for the way you've all pulled together to help each other with the
daily chores of surviving out here. Each of you has a lot to be proud
of, and I'm proud of the way you've all worked hard, to make this game
a success.

"Before we move into the challenge area, let's take a moment, to
reflect on the past forty days, and to remember the five couples who
didn't make it past the split."

[Camera pans around the group.]

Kent: "It was your hard work and determination that put you ahead of
the others, and allowed you to continue on to this point in the game.

"Now, before we begin today's challenge, the submissives need a bit of
preparation. Kate?"

Kate lowers the paper bag to the ground, and opening it, she lifts out
a tangle of black leather blindfolds. Each is like a mask which covers
the eyes, and there's large felt patches on the insides to completely
block all sight. Kate hands a couple to Brent, and they both start
buckling the blindfolds over each sub's eyes.

Kent: "Alright, let's do it! Subs, take the arm of your dom and they'll
lead you onto the course."

Brent holds the tarp aside, and the five couples follow Kent around to
the other side.

Before them, is an obstacle course, with five lanes marked in the sand.
A low rail marks the starting and finish line, and each lane is marked
with a dominant's name on a sign hanging from it. Under each sign, a
small metal pail sits on the ground.

Between the course and the tarp, is a large area of beach. At one end,
the sea. At the other end, near the jungle, sit five planks balanced
over a low trestle. On one end of each plank is tied a large log. On
the other end, the end facing the challenge area, a large metal
washtub is mounted. The log end of each plank rests on the ground,
while the metal tub is up, at just over waist height. Each tub is also
marked with a dominant's name.

On the other side of the rail there are logs to step over, then a net
to crawl underneath. Then, a high wall to get over. Past the wall, can
be seen five posts standing up from the sand. More equipment is set up
beyond the posts.

Kent: "If you'd all gather around, I'll explain the challenge.

The doms guide their blindfolded subs to where Kent is standing.

Kent: "This challenge has three parts, most of which should be familiar
to you from past challenges. In the first part, the subs will receive
instructions from each of their doms, who will direct them, verbally,
to take their metal pail, move down to the sea and fill it. They'll
then be directed by their dominants, to move up the beach to the see-
saw where the wash tubs are mounted. The sub will pour their water into
the tub, and then go back to the ocean for more.

"If they get three completely full pails of water into their tub,
without spilling any, the plank will tip, and the tub end will touch
the ground. Then, the dominant will direct their sub to this rail,"
Kent points.

"The submissive will get both hands on the rail. Only then may the
dominant touch their sub and remove the blindfold. The sub may be
helped over the rail, and then dominant and submissive together, must
run the obstacle course to their post at the end. The dom can help
their sub, in any way they choose, for this part of the challenge.

"Once you both reach the post, you'll see a ring and an open lock
hanging from it. Each dom will lock their sub's wrist chain to the
ring. From there, the doms continue on alone."

"There's five small tables fifty feet past the posts. Past them,
fifteen feet further on, you see a long table across the width of the
course.

"Once your sub is secured to your post, you'll run past your table to
the long table at the end. There, Miss Kate or I will hand you a sheet
of paper with a question printed on it. The questions are about some of
your fellow contestants, either ones here now, or ones from before the
split.

"You'll take the sheet of paper with the printed question to your desk.
There, there's a marker chained to the table top. You'll circle the
answer you think is right, A, B, C, or D. Then you'll run back to the
long table where Kate or I will mark your answer.

"If you get a wrong answer, you get a big red X, and you have to go
back to your table and circle another choice. If you get the answer
right, you get another sheet of paper with your next question on it.

"You each have to answer five questions correctly, and you'll receive
the key that fits the lock holding your sub's chain to the post. Run
quickly to her and release her. Then, you both go through the obstacles
again to the finish line. The finish line is this rail here. Both dom
and sub must place both of your hands on the bar to complete the race.
You'll be judged first, second and third, and the points are the usual
twenty, fifteen and ten. 

"Sounds pretty complicated, right? Any questions?"

The blindfolded subs are all looking around, wondering what's going on.

Brandi: "If we don't know an answer, can we guess?"

Kent: "Yes. Place a circle around one of the answers and then run up to
our table. If you're wrong, you have to run back to mark another
answer.

"We had a rather elaborate set of stations for this question and answer
part of the challenge. Each booth had a screen and buttons to push, and
lights and timers. They all got wrecked when a tree fell on our
equipment shed during the storm a few days ago. This "markers chained
to the desks" idea, was the best we could come up with on such short
notice. However, it will ensure that it's fair for everyone.

"No more questions? Everyone know what you have to do? Right, let's get
to it."

Each couple, dominant and submissive, take their places at the starting
rail. The doms stand on the obstacle course side of the rail, the subs,
on the other side.

Kent: "Once you get your sub to dump enough water into the wash tub
that it touches the ground, direct them back to this rail with both
their hands on it. Remove the blindfolds, and you can lift your sub
over the rail, and help them in any way you choose to get them through
the obstacle course part of the challenge. At the finish, just run up
to this rail and the both of you get both your hands on it. Clear?

"For the questions for the doms, we've gone through the tapes, and
we've picked the questions for each of you that you have heard the
answer to. If you were paying attention when that person was talking,
you'll know the answer. There's actually seven different questions, so
of the five in your pile, you won't get a question that pertains
directly to you."

Most of the dominants are now looking at each other. "Know thy enemy"
is the Major's motto, but now, he's having to admit to himself that he
may not have always been listening to what the others were saying.

Kent, Brent and Miss Kate take up positions near the see-saws with the
wash tubs mounted on them.

Kent: "Challengers, ready? Set? GO!"

The subs bend down and feel around for their pails. The doms begin
calling out directions to them to help them find them. Once each sub
finds and picks up their pail, their dom starts yelling directions at
them to try to get them moving in the right direction.

At first, the blind subs all walk like confused zombies. With their
hands out in front of them, they start bumping into each other right
off. It takes a while for Marsha and Brandi to get the hang of taking
and giving directions. However, Jane, under sharply barked commands by
her dom, quickly gets moving towards the water.

Major: "Turn left five degrees! March! Double time! Halt!"

Jane reaches the water first. She fills her pail, then turns, to start
back up the beach. The Major yells out directions to her, and she
responds like a good little soldier should. Jane leaves the water just
as Sue and Myka get there.

All of the doms are screaming out directions, trying to make themselves
heard over the others. Marsha reaches the water as Jane is feeling
around for the edge of her wash tub. She finds it, and pours the water
from her pail into it. The Major yells, "About face! Double time!", and
Jane starts back to fill her pail again.

Peter: "A bit to your right! No! Left! Ok, straight ahead ten feet!"

Sue's wrist chain rattles against the metal tub. She feels for the
edge, then dumps in her second pail of water. Jane is pouring in her
third. Jane feels the edge of the tub brush past her nipples and belly.
She steps back.

Jane's tub is almost ready to tip, and Brent is watching closely. But
then, the tub slowly raises again.

Brent: "You need more water, Jane."

The Major curses, then yells at his sub to get her moving.

Trish reaches her tub and dumps her water in. It is close to tipping
too. Sam calls to her, "One More!", and Trish turns and heads down the
beach.

Jane reaches the water and fills her pail. She executes a smart about
face, then moves quickly ahead. Peter has to yell at Sue to step left,
before Jane collides with her. Cursing himself, he gets Sue back on
track. Jane's tub tips, and smacks the ground. Brent raises his arm,
and the Major gets Jane moving on a diagonal towards him.

Jane is first to get her hands on the rail in front of the Major. He
pulls the blindfold off her face. Jane blinks in the bright sunlight,
but the Major has her up and over the rail instantly. Dragging her by
one arm, The Major heads for the first obstacle, the logs. Miss Kate
heads around the back of the course to take her place at the long
table. 

Trish's tub has tipped, and she's making her way towards Sam. She and
Sue nearly collide, but miss each other by scant inches. Marsha dumps
in her third pailful, but she needs another trip for more water. Myka
is on the way up with her fourth pailful.

Past the six thick logs now, the Major puts a hand on Jane's neck and
he shoves her down under the netting. They both kick up sand as they
make their way under the low net. It's the Major who emerges first,
pulling Jane out behind him. Jane reaches to wipe sand from her eyes,
but her hands are roughly pulled ahead of her as her dom drives towards
the next obstacle. Kent leaves Brent, to head for the table.

Trish is over the rail and stepping over the logs. She finds she can
plant one foot on top of a log, then push off, gaining a pace or two.
Sam urges her towards the netting. Lisa lifts the blindfold off Myka's
face. Myka takes the rail in her hands and flips herself easily over
it. Lisa and Myka start going over the logs, with Myka taking little
dancer's leaps over each one.

The Major hits the wall, and his feet and hands dig into the handholds.
He makes the top, then reaches for Jane's hands. Grabbing one, he lifts
as she scrabbles her toes along the wall, searching for something to
grip. The Major gets her up, and over, letting her drop rather hard on
the other side. He slids down, grabs Jane by the wrist chain, and they
head for their post.

Sam and Trish emerge from under the net. Lisa and Myka are half ways
through, followed closely by Sue and Peter. Marsha is just now being
helped over the rail by Brandi. Sam reaches the wall, and he lifts
Trish up over his head so she can grab hold of the top. Sam climbs
halfway up it, then gives Trish's feet a push to get her on top. Sam
makes the top, just as the Major is clicking the lock on Jane's wrist
chain. He looks up, and they each give each other a glare. Then, Sam
gets his sub lowered down the other side.

Sam and Trish reach their post. Sam secures Trish's chain to the post,
then he starts towards the table. The Major has his first question and
he's at his desk reading it.

[Superimpose question on screen. Read in voiceover.]
"Marsha's sister, Mindy, lives and works in what city?"
A) London                    B) Chicago
C) Paris                     D) Mexico City

Major: Mumbled. "What the fuck?"

Sam reaches the long table, where Kate hands him his question.

[Superimpose.]
"Eddie works as a metal artisan in what city?"
A) Montreal                 B) San Francisco
C) Boston                   D) Los Angeles

Sam reaches his desk and circles "B". He runs back up to Kate at the
long table. The Major sees that Sam has an answer and he circles one of
his choices. Sam hands Kate his page as she's handing Peter his first
question. Lisa has her's, and she's heading for her desk.

Kate: To Sam. "Correct!"

Kate hands Sam his second page from his pile before her. Kent quickly
scans the Major's page.

Kent: "Incorrect."

A red mark goes through his circled answer, and he's sent back to his
desk.

[Lisa's question - superimpose.]
Sam and Trish have a cottage - 
A) On a lake?               B) In the mountains?
C) On a river?              D) In a valley?

[Peter's question - superimpose.]
Lisa and Myka worked in a bar in what city?
A) Auston                   B) Dallas
C) Boston                   D) Los Angeles

[Brandi's question - superimpose.]
Of the two challenges with a Gorian theme, the second was a wagon race.
Which submissive led the winning team?
A) Sierra                   B) Rusty
C) Trish                    D) Sue

The submissives, locked to their posts some sixty feet away, cheer on
the efforts of their doms. Sam is at the table with his third question
sheet. Kate gives it a glance as she's handing Peter his second one.
"Correct." Sam gets his forth sheet of paper and he sprints towards his
desk.

Sam is reading his forth question. Peter has his second finished, Lisa
is handing her third one in for marking. Kent takes it, quickly looks
at it, and hands her her forth one from her pile. The Major's on his
forth trip to the table with his second question in his hand. Kate
takes it this time. A red X goes down on the page. He only has one
choice left, but must return to his desk to mark it.

Sam runs to the front table with his final sheet in his hand. As Kate
looks it over, Sam sees that Lisa has no sheets left in her pile. Peter
has one, Brandi and the Major each have two.

Kate: "Correct. Here's your key."

Kate hands Sam the key to Trish's lock. As he turns, Lisa makes the
table with her final sheet. From behind him, Sam hears Kate call out,
"Correct!". Sam puts on a burst of speed, past his desk, towards Trish.
The Major watches him as he runs past.

Trish is excitedly jumping up and down when Sam reaches her. She holds
onto the lock while he jabs the key at it. His hands are shaking and
he's breathing hard. He fumbles, trying to get the key lined up in the
hole.

Trish: "Easy, Sam. Easy. You've got it now."

Sam gets the key in just as Lisa reaches Myka. Sam turns the key and
Trish's chain drops out from the lock. She takes hold of his hand, and
they take off towards the wall.

Sam and Trish are on top of the wall when Lisa and Myka reach it. Peter
has Sue's key and he's releasing her chain. Brandi hands in her final
question page. "Correct!", and she gets her key. The Major has just got
his forth question from Kate.

Trish is down the other side and Sam lowers himself down. Lisa boosts
Myka up, then she scrambles up after her. At the top, they see Peter
and Sue closing fast. Myka goes over and drops down the other side.

Myka: "Lisa! Lisa! Hurry!"

Lisa gets moving. Sam and Trish have reached the netting and fall to
the sand to start crawling. Peter and Sue reach the wall, with Brandi
and Marsha just fifteen feet from it. The Major finally gets handed
Jane's key by Miss Kate.

Scrabbling like mad, Sam and Trish emerge from under the net just
slightly ahead of Lisa and Myka. Peter and Sue drop, to start crawling
under it. Sam's face is set in a grimace, but Trish urges him ever
onward. Over the six logs, one at a time, Trish bounding over each one
and dragging her dominant behind her. Lisa and Myka are closing the gap
between them and Sam. Peter and Sue are right behind them.

Lisa and Myka fly over the logs. Trish gets her hands on the rail, Sam
is reaching for it. But before his hands come down upon it, both Lisa
and Myka get their hands down on the rail. Brent is right there, and
Brent's arm points at Lisa. Sam and Trish are forced into second place,
while Peter and Sue, take third.

Brent blows a loud whistle signalling that the challenge is over.
Brandi and Marsha emerge from under the netting. The Major has just
reached Jane with her key. Brent takes Lisa and Myka's hands, and he
raises them up into the air.

Brent: "In first place, the couple of Lisa and Myka. Second today, Sam
and Trish, and third place goes to Peter and Sue."

Kent and Kate have come around to the finish line. The exhausted
challengers hug each other and cheer. Kent stands a board up against
the finish line rail - the points standings. With a blue marker, he
tallies up the new scores. A big grin spreads over Sam's face, and
Trish leaps into his arms for a big hug.

Kent: "The winners of the grand prize, of one million dollars, with a
total of 241 points, are Sam and Trish!"

Kent tries to move in to congratulate them, but they're mobbed by the
other contestants. Trish is crying, Sam has tears of joy in his eyes.
Everyone wants to hug them both at the same time. It's a while before
Kent is able to gain everyone's attention again.

Kent shakes the hands of Sam and Trish, then stands with them. Lisa and
Peter are looking at one another.

Kent: "As you can see by the score card, we have a slight problem. For
second place, for the one hundred and fifty thousand dollar prize, we
have a tie. Peter and Sue, Lisa and Myka, have both earned 228 points,
in this half of the contest.

"If there had been a tie for the grand prize, we'd have had to pull
another challenge out of the hat. But I've discussed the possibility of
a tie in the scoring with the show's producers. They have agreed that,
in the event of a two way tie for second, both couples will get the
second place prize money. That's a hundred fifty thousand for both the
couples of Peter and Sue, and Lisa and Myka! Congratulations, folks."

The five couples all come together as a group. The Major, somewhat
reluctantly, shakes the hands of the winners. There are hugs and kisses
all around, and tears of joy and happiness from the three winning
couples. As the group celebrates, the big white and blue trimmed luxury
yacht glides into view out in the water. It slows to a stop, and the
Captain sounds the horn.

Kent: "Ladies and gentlemen, our limousine has arrived. You'll all get
to enjoy the amenities on board for the next four days, while we sail
to Auckland. There, we'll catch a plane for home."

Trish reaches for Kent, and plants a big kiss on his cheek. Kent's arm
goes around a naked Trish's waist, and the gang watch, as two small
boats make their way from the yacht, towards the shore.

[Roll credits.] [Split screen with credits, show points totals.]

      ** FINAL TOTALS **
Sam and Trish               241
Lisa and Myka               228
Peter and Sue               228
Brandi and Marsha           219
The Major and Jane          216


[Show clips, four minute segment.]

We see the five couples, along with Kent, Brent, and Miss Kate, board
the luxury yacht and head for the main dining room. A huge feast is
ready, and the couples sit down to eat, and celebrate. During the
voyage to New Zealand, the five couples enjoy the luxuries on board
like the hot tub, the sauna, and sessions with a masseuse. The Major
mostly stays near the bar. The winning couples get the best rooms, with
Sam and Trish in the master suite, with the sliding glass doors that
lead out to a private balcony.

Just before they dock in Auckland, the submissives have to report to
Brent, who removes their wrist and ankle cuffs. A few of the subs are
somewhat reluctant to have them taken off, but, unfortunately, as Kent
explains, society is not ready to see nude and chained up women walking
around in public. Yet still, the subs all wear prominent reminders of
the cuffs that they wore. Four bands of white skin stand out proudly
against the golden brown tans they all have.

The group of ten contestants dress in their regular clothing they wore
before landing on the island. When everyone's assembled on deck to
watch the ship dock, there's much staring at one another as well. Myka
looks especially nice with her pink halter top and her short, denim
skirt. Her hair hangs free down her back and bum, reaching for the hem.
Lisa wears a tan leather vest and short skirt, Brandi, a tight flower
print sun dress. Even the men look different now. After all of the
contestants seeing each other naked for so long, charms now covered by
clothing take on an aura of hidden mystery.

At the airport in Auckland they board a jet for home. Hector the pig
gets a crate to himself, and he's loaded into the belly of the plane.
The party continues in the reserved, first class section of the big
jet. Throughout their travel time, the Major has been keeping a close
eye on his sub, Jane. As the group pass through customs at the Los
Angeles airport, the Major becomes distracted for a moment and Jane
goes on ahead. But the Major is quick to catch up to her again.

The group gathers together one final time in the center of the busy
terminal. Lisa and Brandi and their subs come together in a tearful
group hug. Kent and Brent begin to hand out plane tickets, and organize
the return home of all the couples. Trish goes to Lisa, and gives her a
warm embrace. Sam gives Peter a nudge, and motions to his wife who's
getting a kiss from Lisa. Peter says something, and the two men laugh.

Myka leaves Lisa's side for a moment. She approaches the Major, who's
eyes grow wide. Myka leans in, and she gives the Major a kiss on the
cheek while he stares down her top. He takes hold of her hands, and
they look into each other's eyes for a moment. Then, Myka turns, and
returns to Lisa's side again. Lisa gives her sub a glance, then the
two, plane tickets in hand, head off. Myka gives the Major a final
glance over her shoulder, and he smiles. Brandi and Marsha have already
left, quietly slipping away in the other direction.

The Major glances around him. He's looking for his sub. He scans the
crowds milling around the bustling terminal, searching for her. Kent is
seen talking to Sam. Peter has one arm around Sue, the other around
Trish. They both look around at the people around them.

[END Episode 13.]


[Voiceover:] "Stay with us, for a special, live reunion show, where 
our couples will come together for the first time, since leaving the
island over three months ago. Coming up next, on Home Showcase."

 - End of file -






 Surviver: The Reunion Show.              (C) dino, 2001

Early afternoon sunlight sparkles on the water of the lagoon. The sea
is calm, and the waves gently lap at the shore. The scene shifts, as
the camera turns, to pan across a white sand beach. A trail can be seen
leading from the edge of the sand, up, through the dense jungle. The
camera moves towards this trail.

Leaves and branches brush past the lens as the camera's view follows
the narrow trail. The trail opens onto a clearing, with a cozy looking
little house perched on a small rise of land. The view shifts down low,
and the camera follows the ground towards the house.

The wall of the house is bamboo laced together with rope. The scene
shifts to an open window, as the camera is raised. The curtains are
drawn against the bright afternoon sunlight, but, through a gap at the
bottom, the lens gets a look inside the house.

The image flares as the camera adjusts to the change in light level.
We see the back of an overstuffed and well worn sofa chair. A low table
sits before it, and, on the top, a man's bare feet and legs rest.
Sitting in the chair, we can see the outline of a man's shoulder and
head. An arm reaches out, to a side table, to lift a glass of amber
liquid. The glass tips, the man takes a drink, then replaces the glass
on the tabletop.

A television set sits, raised on two milk crates, at the end of the
coffee table. The camera lens slowly zooms in, past the curtains, past
the chair and the man seated in it, past the low table, to the TV
screen. The image on the TV screen fills the frame. The picture is of a
busy airport terminal with hundreds of people milling around. Central
to the scene, stand six people, talking with each other.

The glass of amber liquid passes before the screen, as the man in the
chair takes another sip. The glass is replaced. The scene on the TV
screen fades to the logo for the Surviver show, and holds. The voice of
a woman announcer comes on.

"Stay with us, for a special, live reunion show, where our couples will
come together for the first time since -

[The image flips, from the screen of the one TV set, to show another TV
screen, in another part of the world.]

- leaving the island, over three months ago. Coming up next, on Home
Showcase."

The stage manager turns away from his monitor, and shouts, "Ninety
seconds to air!"

On the sound stage of Studio A, in the Home Showcase Broadcasting
Center, Burbank California, technicians bustle around the set making
last minute changes. In the wings, stage right, Brian Gumball is
tucking his mic wire under his khaki coloured shirt. The sounds of the
studio audience talking, and musical instruments being tuned, echo
inside the cavernous building.

On the stage, to the left, are two tiers of benches made up to look
like big logs. At stage right, sits a brown leather swivel office type
chair with a low table behind it. Flickering torches burning propane
gas compete weakly, with the overhead, high power stage lights, casting
the scene in a yellow - blue - red, light. 

To the rear of the set, simulated palm trees on either side lean
precariously inward, framing the big, unnatural blue chroma key screen.
Looking at the set in one of the studio monitors, we can see that the
background shows the Surviver Logo floating above a gentle sea. The 
evening clouds behind it are tinted in glorious hues of red and orange.

At a word, the last of the techs move off the stage. Someone yells,
"Quiet On the Set! Fifteen Seconds!" The stage manager steps forward in
front of the center camera. His hand is raised. Everyone quietens down.

The stage manager listens to his earpiece, then holds out five fingers.
"In Five. . . Four. . . Three. . .  . . . "

The last finger joins the others in a fist, and the man draws back. The
haunting call of a synthesized conch shell being blown, fills the set
with sound. Jungle drums begin pounding out a rhythm. The drums swell,
string instruments come in - predominantly violins - and the Surviver
theme music floods across the stage.

Voiceover: "Twenty people, ten dominant - submissive couples, stranded
on a tiny south seas island. Every three days the couples have had to
compete against each other in two challenge competitions, for rewards,
and for points. In the end, the couple with the highest number of
points will be declared the winner, and will walk away with One Million
Dollars."

"And now, Ladies and Gentlemen. Our host for this evening, Mister Brian
Gumball!"

[Cue applause light.]

Brian strides confidently onto the stage, waving towards the audience.
He crosses to his chair and stands, smiling. The audience quietens
down.

Brian: "Greetings! Let's now bring out our lucky couples who were
chosen to participate in the Surviver contest. We'll start, with the
group who were unable to continue on past the first twenty days. Let's
give a warm hand for: Mark and Nadine: Max and Sierra: Colleen and
John: And Eddie and Rusty!"

The first group files out to take seats on the upper bench that's made
to look like a log, to a round of applause from the studio audience.
There are a few murmurs heard over the absence of Edgar and Judith.

Looking at a monitor, on the screen behind the stage, the couples are
shown as they were on the island. Since many of them chose to abandon
clothing early on in the game, many of them are seen naked. Seeing the
contestants as they step on the stage, in this more formal setting,
with their hair combed and them nicely dressed, they all look quite
different. And, of course, the subs are unchained. Except for John,
that is. Colleen has him on a collar and a leash.

Brian: "And now. Our five finalist couples. Let's hear it for, Brandi
and Marsha: Jane: Peter and Sue: Lisa and Myka: And last, but certainly
not least. Our grand prize champions; Samual, and Patricia!"

Once again there's murmurs from the audience when Jane steps out,
alone, to take her seat. Peter and Sue cross in front of her, and Sue
sits beside her. The crowd goes wild when Lisa and Myka are introduced.
And Sam and Trish get a three minute standing ovation from the
appreciative studio audience. Sam waves from time to time as the crowd
cheers the wining couple. Trish begins to look embarrassed.

Finally, the applause light goes off and the audience quiets down.
Brian takes his seat.

Brian: "Alright! Now before we start, most of you may have noticed that
a few of our survivers aren't here tonight. The couple of Edgar and
Judith were forced to leave the country on rather short notice, four
weeks ago. I'm told that Edgar's father has taken ill, and they've
flown to Edgar's native Portugal to be at his side. We had hoped to
bring you their thoughts via satellite link up, however, for some
reason we've been as yet unable to locate them.

"As well, Jane's dominant, Major Edwin Kilpatrick, is also out of the
country at this time."

Jane, smiling slightly, glances at Sue. Marsha, sitting on Jane's
right, takes hold of her hand. Of all of the contestants, Jane is one
that looks very different than she did on the island. For one thing,
her hair has grown out a bit. She's wearing a light, red cotton shirt,
with a short, tight, tan suede vest over it, and a long, loose, dark
blue skirt. Her eyes seemingly sparkle, and she looks much happier now,
too.

Brian: "Now, first off, I'd like to congratulate our winners, the
couple of Sam and Trish!"

[Applause.]

Brian: "And both our second place winning couples, Peter and Sue, and
Lisa and Myka!"

[More applause.]

Brian: "Tell us, Sam, what is it like coming home and knowing you'll
soon be getting such a large amount of cash? Have your lives changed
much during this time?"

Sam: "Well, Brian, as you know, Trish and I have been out of work for
several months now. Knowing that our money problems would soon be over
has let us just relax up at our cabin and sit, watching the Surviver
shows."

Brian: "I think that during one episode, you mentioned that you'd both
like to open an antiques store in your home town." [Run clip on screen
- Sam, sitting at camp table and discussing spending the prize money.]
Is that dream still a consideration for you both?"

Trish: "Very much so, Brian. Both Sam and I love old furniture and
things, and with the prize money, we'll be able to acquire some really
nice pieces for the store."

Brian: "And Peter. You mentioned that you'd like to build yourself a
house on a hill top." [Run clip on screen - Peter.] "Has the second
place prize money moved you any closer towards that dream?"

Peter: "Well, Brian, Sue and I have been looking around for the right
piece of property. The money will certainly help us realise our dream
house much sooner than we'd planned."

Lisa: "It's helped us out a lot too, Brian. I have been able to enroll
in some night courses towards earning my degree in business
administration. Myka and I are hoping to open our own store one day
soon."

Brian: "And what type of store would that be?"

Lisa: "A sex toy store, Brian."

[Laughter, applause.]

Brian: "Well that's great, Lisa. Now, what about the food on the
island. Some days you had some wonderful feasts, yet other days it
seemed that food was in short supply." [Show clips, mealtime.] "Max. I
think you were the most vocal about the lack of decent food in those
first few days. Care to comment?"

Max: "Well in the beginning, the food supplies we had didn't seem like
very much. I think in the first few days we all were a bit edgy, not
knowing quite what to expect."

Mark: "It wasn't until well into the game that we managed to organise a
steady supply of food. It was after we'd stolen the boat and we could
go out to where the big fish were, that the meals became more regular."

[Show clip of the three doms, speeding away from the production camp in
the boat.]

Brian: "Eddie. Whatever made you three think you could just ride away
with one of the production boats?"

Eddie: "Well Brian, it seemed like a good idea at the time."

[Laughter.]

Colleen: "I think we all paid for that boat in the challenge that
followed. I still feel like barfing every time I think about eating
those grubs and worms."

[More laughter. Show clip on screen - plate of grubs.]

Brian: "I don't suppose that the submissives enjoyed having ice cubes
stuck up them in the first part of that challenge."

Sue, and Rusty, and a few other subs squirm on their seats and look
uncomfortable.

John: "I think that that day was one of the worst, for all of us."

Brian: "I know that you all didn't look too happy around the campfire
that evening. Which brings me to another topic. Colleen. It was you
that began the telling of campfire tales, a tradition which managed to
live on, even after you'd gone. Many of you revealed some very personal
details about yourselves. Any comments?"

Colleen: "I think that, in the beginning, we were all still trying to
figure each other out. We were a pretty diverse group, yet still, we
did all have one thing in common. The love of hot sex." [Laughter.] "I
think the stories went a long way in bringing us all closer together."

Eddie: "I know that hearing about what some of the other couples liked
to do, it made it easier for Rusty and I to feel more accepted by the
group. Hearing some of those stories made us all feel sort of like one
big family."

Brian: "They were certainly very entertaining for those of us at home.

"Now, two of those stories dealt with what some people look on as the
darker side of dominant and submissive relationships, namely, the
giving and receiving of pain. We've seen most of the couples engage in
some form of sado masochistic activities, from a light smack, or a
playful pinch, to, on one instance, one of the submissives getting a
rather severe whipping from her dominant.

"On the second show, one of the submissives mentioned to Kent Brockman
that they felt they would like their dominant to take a firmer hand
with them. Nadine, would you like to add anything tonight?"

In the back row, Nadine looks up, and Mark looks at her.

Nadine: "Well, I'd often see some of the other subs walking around with
a somewhat red bum. I know that Sue sometimes liked a spanking, and
Trish also told me that she sometimes enjoys one too. As we all found
out, Max and Sierra were really into the rough stuff.

"Before we came to the island, Mark had only tried it once with me, but
I did think that I'd like to explore that side of our relationship a
little more. And since our return, we have been getting a bit more into
light spankings, and such."

Brian: "You also spoke with Jane after her dominant had caned her.
Jane, you don't like the rough stuff much, do you."

Jane: "No, Brian. The Major used pain as a punishment for me. It was
never something that I'd willingly do, like with the others. I never
thought that it was something anyone would want to do, though, while I
was on the island, I learned that there's many who do.

"I found out that, if it's done the right way, with kindness and
tenderness, within a loving relationship, a little pain can become a
rather pleasurable experience."

Brian: "Myka, you also expressed a desire that Lisa would explore
physical discipline a little more with you. Did you think that you'd be
happier if Lisa was simply strict with you, like the Major was with
Jane?"

Myka looks to Lisa, then looks down at the floor. She's clearly
embarrassed by the question.

Myka: "I saw the Major as a very strong dominant. I watched the way he
was, not just with Jane, but with everyone on the island. He wasn't one
to put up with any nonsense."

Myka looks at her domme again. She takes hold of Lisa's hand.

Myka: "I did wonder in the beginning if someone like the Major would be
the one for me. But then, as time went on, I started to see him for the
type of man he really was. Cruel and mean. I really began to feel for
Jane, because it seemed no matter what she did, it was never good
enough for him."

Brian: "It's good that you did manage to see through to the way he
really is, Myka. Now, after the break, Jane has a story to tell us
that's so shocking, some of you will find it difficult to believe.

"We'll be right back."

[Cue lights. Cue announcer.]

Voiceover: "Don't go away. There's lots more to come."

[Go commercial.]

"We're clear!"

Brian stands and moves to the side to talk with two men. On stage,
Brandi reaches past Marsha to Jane, and places her hand on her arm.
Jane turns to her, and the two girls start to talk. Sue leans into the
conversation. In the top row, Max gives Sierra a shot to the arm.
Sierra whacks him back. The two start a ruckus, until sharp words from
Nadine put an end to it. Nadine turns to Mark, who's trying not to
laugh.

"Places please! Everyone, places!"

Brian ends his conversation and returns to his seat. The lights dim.

"In five. . . four. . . three. . .  . . . "

[Return.]

The theme music plays. The lights go up. Applause light goes off.

Brian: "Welcome back. Just before we went to air this evening, I was
approached by Jane, who began to tell me a part of what her life with
the Major was like. I asked her if she'd be willing to share her story
with all of you here, tonight. So, Jane. Tell us what you told me
earlier on."

Jane glances at Sue, then at Trish. She looks up, and into the camera
lens. In a slow, sometimes halting voice, Jane begins to speak.

Jane: "Well first, I'd like to thank all those who were on the island
with me those last few days, and who have helped me to escape from the
Major. To Brandi and Marsha who got me away from him at the airport
while Myka distracted him, and to Sam and Trish, who let me stay at
their cabin in the mountains while I. . . recovered my sanity. And to
Peter and Sue, who got everyone together to help make it happen, I
thank you all.

"It makes what I have to say now, all the more harder.

"First off, Jane was just the name that Edwin put down for me on the
contest application. My real name, is Melissa Maley."

Sue and Peter sit up and look towards Jane. Sam gives Trish a glance,
and she gives her head a tiny nod. Some of the other contestants are
also looking at Jane.

Brian: "Go on, Melissa."

Melissa: "I was with Edwin for the past two and a half years. I was
kidnapped by him, and held captive, against my will, for all that time.
He beat me and he tortured me until all that I knew was the pain, and
his face. He tried to break me down with his daily torture sessions,
and he'd almost succeeded. When we first came to the island, He, was
all that I knew."

There's shocked murmurs from the studio audience. The sixteen survivers
on stage who knew Jane, and who may have at one time guessed at her
predicament, sit in stunned silence.

Brian: "Tell us, Melissa, what happened when you went to the police,
two weeks ago."

Melissa: "From the time that we returned from the island, Sam and Trish
let me stay at their cabin. It had been assumed that I'd report Edwin's
abuse of me to the proper authorities before tonight, before the last
show aired and he found out who'd helped me to escape.

"It was after watching myself on the Surviver shows, and seeing just
how beaten down I'd been under him, that I decided to tell my story to
the police. But no one except myself knew that Edwin had been holding
me as his sex slave, his prisoner, for all that time.

"Sam drove me into town and to the police station. He waited for me
while I talked to the officers there. At first, I was scared to tell
them the whole story. Edwin had told me, time and time again, that if I
ever told anyone about him that he'd kill me. And so a good part of me
still feared him, and also, feared what he might do to my friends who
had helped me to leave him.

"But in the end, I told the officers everything. They convinced me that
the only way I'd ever really be free of him was to have the whole story
come out. And so they set up another interview for me, with someone
from the local woman's shelter, and also, with two men from the FBI."

Brian: "We have one of the agents that Melissa spoke to here, tonight.
Agent Jameson would like to say a few words now."

Brian gestures stage right, and a spotlight highlights the two men
standing near the edge of the stage. Agent Jameson moves towards a
floor mic that's standing nearby.

Agent: "Once we determined Miss Maley's real name, we were able to
match her with a missing person report from over two years ago. While
we looked for Edwin Kilpatrick, we arranged a secret meeting with
Melissa, and her family, who hadn't heard a word from her since her
disappearance.

"Agents from the Dallas Bureau went to the Major's last known address,
but he was not in residence at the time. What we did find, was evidence
that he'd left in a hurry. No one seemed to know where he'd gone, but
we were able to trace his movements as he crossed into Mexico, then
flew by private plane to the Philippines. From there, he travelled by
boat to his final destination."

Looking at a studio monitor, superimposed on the blue screen behind the
stage, we see a jungle trail which opens onto a small clearing. A small
house is perched on a rise of land. The scene shifts as the camera
looks below the curtains of an open window.

[Switch to remote feed.] A man, sitting in an overstuffed chair, leans
forward. We see his arm and shoulder, and the side of his face. He's
staring hard at a TV set that's on top of two milk crates. On the
screen of his TV, is seen low coffee table, and a TV set that is
sitting on top of two milk crates. On that screen, can be seen a low
coffee table, and a TV sitting on two milk crates.

The man in the chair quickly stands, blocking part of the TV screen. It
takes a few seconds for the signal to travel all the way here, then
back again. Then, on the screen of Edwin's TV set, his shadow falls
across the image there.

At the sharp sound of splintering wood, the Major wheels around. The
view shifts, and we see the backs of five men, three, with the letters
FBI emblazoned in bright yellow across the backs of their bulky
jackets. The men move into the house, followed by the camera.

Sound: "Freeze! Police!"

A woman's muffled scream can be heard. Three of the officers take the
former military commander, Major Edwin Kilpatrick, into custody without
a struggle. The camera quickly pans left, to see the other two men
burst into a room off to one side. The woman's screams are louder now.

Through the doorway and we see an Asian looking woman, naked, hanging
in the center of the room with her wrists tightly lashed to an overhead
bamboo pole, which runs across the ceiling. She kicks out with her
legs; her feet are several inches off the floor. Her black hair is
long, tangled and matted, and clings to her sweat covered body. She's
covered with marks. Marks, made by a whip, or by a cane.

One of the agents opens a blanket and moves to cover the girl. She has
screamed herself out now, and hangs limply from her painfully
outstretched arms. While the agent tries to gently support the girl,
the other man stands on a chair to cut the bindings around her wrists.
The scene fades to black.

[Switch back to studio.] Myka sits with her face buried in Lisa's
chest. She sobs softly, while her domme attempts to comfort her. The
studio audience is silent, as are the other shocked survivers who sit,
some weeping, or staring at the floor, numbed by what they've just
seen and heard. And Melissa sits tall, a look of worry on her face for
the girl the Major had, but, also, a hint of a grin pulling at the
corners of her mouth.

Brian: "We'll be right back."

The stage lights dim. The surviver theme music plays, softly. Fade to
black: Go commercial.

"We're clear!"

Sam: To Trish. "Did you know about Melissa and her kidnapping?"

Peter and Sue lean into this conversation. Myka raises her tear
streaked face to also hear.

Trish: "It was the week before she went to the police. She made me
swear that I'd keep it between us. But I did try to convince her to
tell the whole story to them, about her being held against her will."

Melissa: "Trish helped me to realise that I'd never really be free of
him unless he was caught and put into prison."

Agent Jameson has crossed the stage to stand near Melissa.

Sue: "So that's why you stayed with him, dispite his cruelty to you."

Melissa: "I felt that I had no other choice. The one time I did try to
get away from him, he made sure that I never forgot it."

Agent Jameson: "It's a natural reaction with people who've been held
and tortured repeatedly. The person becomes so afraid to say or do
anything that might bring about further, harsher treatment by their
captors, that they begin to exhibit almost a sense of loyalty to them.
It takes great strength to go against their torturers and to make the
effort to try and escape."

"Places, please! Fifteen seconds!"

Agent: "Mr Kilpatrick won't be capturing any more women now. He's going
to jail for a long time."

Agent Jameson crosses back to stage right to stand with his partner.
The two agents talk. Brian smooths back his hair and straightens his
shirt.

"In five. . . four. . . three. . .  . . . "

The lights go up on a quiet set. Camera on Brian Gumball.

Brian: "Welcome back. What we saw, just before the break, was the live
capture of Edwin Kilpatrick by Agents of the FBI, aided by local
authorities. The Bureau permitted us to send along a camera crew to
record, what we hoped, would be the capture of Major Kilpatrick.

"Two days ago, the agents in charge of the investigation had traced
Edwin's movements to a small south seas island, not far from the group
of islands where the Surviver shows were shot. He'd rented a small
cabin there, and, as we also saw, he wasted little time in acquiring
another girl to take Melissa's place as his sex slave.

"Agent Jameson. Did the men who had Edwin under surveillance ever
suspect that he had a woman in the house with him?"

Agent: "Not that we knew of. Mr Kilpatrick often would have the TV on
and be watching pornographic videos, either on tape, or off his
satellite hookup. The surveillance team did report hearing a woman's
screams last night, but upon investigation, they found that the TV was
on and showing one of those types of shows."

Second Agent: He leans into the mic. "The arresting officers report
that the girl in the house is now safe, and is being taken to a local
medical center. She's going to be alright."

Brian: "Well that is good news. I think that these agents, and all of
the men and women who work in law enforcement, deserve a hand for their
dedication, and for the fine work they do."

Applause. A few cheers.

Brian: "And now, Melissa. Now that Mr Kilpatrick won't be bothering you
anymore, what are your plans? Will you be going home to your mother and
father?"

Melissa: "I don't think so, Brian. At least, not right away. I still
have a lot of pain, and some deep seated emotions that I have to work
through. Sam and Trish have really been wonderful to me over these last
few months, and, if they are willing, I'd like to stay on with them for
a little while longer. If that's Ok."

Sam: "Well sure, Jane - uh, I mean, Melissa. You're more than welcome
to stay with us for as long as you'd like."

Trish: "I've really enjoyed the talks we've had, Melissa. I'd love to
have you stay longer."

Melissa: "Thank you, Sam, Trish. Thank you everyone. Being on that
island with all you wonderful people has helped me to see what life
should really be like."

[Cue applause light.] Brian stands.

Brian: "All right. Now, before we leave here tonight, I have some
business to attend to."

Brian pulls some papers from his pocket. He holds two up to the camera.
[Closeup shot of the two second place prize cheques.]

Brian: "Could Lisa and Myka, and Peter and Sue, please step over here?"

The studio audience begins to applaud. The two couples rise up off the
log benches, then cross the stage to where Brian is standing and
holding the two cheques. Peter lets Lisa go first, and she and Myka,
one on each side, give Brian a smooch on the cheeks. Brian's hand
casually slides down from Myka's bare waist, down the back of her soft,
silky skirt, and he gives her bum a subtle pat. The girls and he are
all smiles as Lisa takes her prize money.

Brian hands Peter his cheque, and the men shake hands. Sue stands up on
tiptoes to kiss Brian's cheek. The four second place contestants stand
beside Brian while photos are taken. Then, they stand to one side
amidst another round of heartfelt applause.

Brian: "And now, the couple who did the best in the challenges, the
couple that made it through to the end with the highest number of
points. The winners, of the Surviver, One Million Dollar prize: Sam and
Trish!"

The crowd breaks into thunderous applause. Sam and Trish stand up and
wave. They move towards Brian. A closeup shot of the cheque for a
million dollars is flashed up on the screen.

Sam puts his arms around Brian. Trish joins in on the hug. Sam takes
Trish's head in his hands and they kiss, a long and happy kiss. Then,
Sam breaks just long enough to receive the cheque in his hands. He
looks, then shows it to Trish. Trish gives Brian a big kiss and Sam
shakes his hand in thanks.

Photos are taken by news hounds and others. Sam and Trish hold each
other tightly and weather the storm, as people yell out and cheer, and
wish them well. The other couples then gather around them, and, as the
Surviver theme music plays, the group comes together for a big hug.

[Roll credits.]

[End.]

 - End of file -




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Dino Dave


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





