BDSM Library - Adult Book Store Rental Boy




Adult Book Store Rental Boy
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young man's visits to an Adult bookstore arouses interest in his erotic taste for gay bdsm and he becomes their unpaid special attraction.
Adult Book Store Rental Boy   mmmm/m  gay/bdsm/huml/ws
You must be over 18 to read this story
By Tallywacker38

  In the bright lights of the large adult book store, Bill Walker stood behind
the sales counter and carefully counted out the customer's change and casually
told  him to have a good evening.   He reached for the telephone and punched in
some numbers. As he waited for an answer he kept an eye on a particular
customer. A certain customer who had been coming in regularly for a couple of
weeks. His routine was always the same. He would ask for  $10.00 worth of
tokens, go into the video booths and watch the same gay bondage movies over and
over again, sometimes coming back out and buying another ten dollars worth of
tokens. Bill could see from his monitor under the counter exactly which movies
he was watching.

     He was obviously turned on by gay bdsm movies involving blackmail, forced
feminization and non-consensual slavery. After watching the movies, he would
always go to the gay book section; his face flushed with lust and scan the books
with excitement, always buying at least one and sometimes 4 books. All of his
purchases were illustrated stories of young men being forced and used as sexual
slaves and sissies. Bill estimated his age at 20 or 21 and he was a looker. Too
pretty to be a boy, he thought, as he looked down the young mans body at his
bubble butt. The boy was wearing cutoffs, which looked to be a little shorter
than necessary, but it showed off his pretty tanned legs.

     Quietly, he spoke into the phone and then hung up. Another guy came up to
the counter and put his magazine on the counter, and laying his money on the
magazine. Bill took the money and gave him his change, saying," Have a good
evening sir." Bill went to the back room and grabbed two bottles of bud lights
and twisted off the caps. From a drawer, he brought out a thin vial containing a
liquid. He put his thumb on a mark on the outside of the vial and tipped some of
the drug into one of the beers. Holding it up to the light and checking the
amount left, he tipped it again and then rechecked the amount left in the vial.
Satisfied, he put the drug back in the drawer, picked up the beers and went out
front. The young man was the only customer in the store and was standing at the
counter with two books, looking embarrassed as usual.

     Bill greeted him cheerfully and sat the cold beers on the counter.
"Congratulations young man, you have won our promotional contest. " "You are our
1000th customer this month and for that, you get to pick out an extra 5 books
for free in the same section that these came from, and you get a cold beer." The
young man's eyes lit up, "Really," he said. "yep, take your beer back to the
book rake with you, I'll hold these here for you, congratulations again, Bill
said as he extended his hand and shook the young man's hand. The boy was excited
now as he thought, Wow, 5 more sex books to jack off to. He thanked the man
behind the counter and took the beer he was holding out to him and walked back
to the rack and began browsing again as he sipped on his cold beer.

     Five minutes later, the door buzzer sounded as another customer walked in,
saying hi to the manager as he walked back to the gay section where the young
man was picking out another book. They ignored each other and the new customer
picked up a gay book and began leafing through it.  He looked at the young man
in the cut offs and saw that he was looking flushed and was sweating. He quickly
moved to his side and grabbed him as he passed out and fell to the floor. "Hey
guy, are you ok?" he asked. "No, he replied, I think I'm getting sick." Bill
came quickly helping the young man up, saying, "I'll help you to the employee's
lounge, and there's a couch you can rest on till you feel better." They half
carried, half dragged the young man to the back room and laid him on the couch.
The young man was already out cold.

     "Is this the guy you were telling me about last week Bill?" said the man.
"Yeah," Bill replied, "Pretty, huh?" "Pretty legs too," the guy said, "He must
fake and bake." "Quick, go lock up before someone else comes in," Bill said. 
Guy Saxton walked out front and twisted the lock on the door and turned the
lights down and went back to the lounge area. Bill was sitting at the table with
the young man's billfold and its contents spread out. He was copying information
onto a pad as he went from one ID to another. "Look, here's an employee card, he
works for the government." Bill said. "Here's his driver's license, his address,
a telephone booklet, lets see who's in that." "Ahh, look, his mom and dad's
address and phone number, a sister, a brother, grandparents, girlfriend, he's
not married, good!"

     Guy was busy setting up the camcorder and adjusting the lighting. "I'm
going to get him ready Bill, while you do that, ok?" "Sure," Bill replied, " Be
with you in a minute as soon as I get the paper work done. Guy did not answer as
he was unzipping the young man's cut offs and pulling them down along with his
underwear. He moved the boy around in order to get his shirt off. "Shall I leave
his shoes on," He asked. "Yeah," Bill said, "They won't matter." "Hey, he's got
a five incher,"Guy laughed. "Well, it won't be seeing a lot of use anyway,"
replied Bill. Bill got up and walked over to the couch and smiled, the boy was
absolutely beautiful. His body was completely tanned telling him that he had
been either sun bathing in the nude or using a tanning bed. He had very little
body hair and was blemish free.

     Guy brought over blanket and laid it out over the floor and together the
two men lifted him down onto it. Bill ran warm water into a pan, picked out two
good news razors and a can of shaving cream set them down between the boys legs.
Together they went to work, shaving him completely of all hair on his legs.
Bill, working on one leg and Guy on the other. "Don't nick him anywhere," Bill
warned. "I won't," said Guy. Once the legs were done, they took their time
shaving his balls and cock. "Ummm, nothing like a smooth cock," Guy said, as he
rubbed his hand over his privates. "What's his name anyway," he asked. "He used
to be Carl Summers, but now he is beginning his new life as Carla Cocksucker,"
Bill laughed.

     Carl Summers was beginning to awake now, but could not focus on anything in
particular. His eyes were open and he was back in one of his dreams of being
used as a slave by strange men. A cock was in his mouth and bright flashes of
light were blinding his eyes temporarily. Then, his legs were lifted up and
something wet and slippery was entering his asshole, then something larger was
replacing it. He closed his eyes every few seconds because of more bright
flashes. Bill had used his mouth while Guy took the pictures with the digital
camera. Now Bill ran the camera while Guy fucked the young man's ass. The
camcorder was capturing all the action. Now, Bill went out into the store and
took some items off a rack and returned to the back. They rolled fishnet thigh
high stockings up Carla's legs, added a black garderbelt and attached the nylons
to it. A black bra was put on Carla. His fingernails and toenails were given a
bright coat of red and bright red lipstick was put on his lips. Pictures were
taken of Carla from a variety of angles and then a blond wig was put on his head
and more pictures were taken. Both, Bill and Guy were hard again as they looked
at the beautiful woman sitting in front of them with a beautiful hairless semi
hard cock between her legs. One by one, both men softly talked to Carla, urging
him to suck on their cocks as they slowly fucked his mouth. Carla did as she was
told in the dream only this dream seemed so real and she gagged on the cum as
each cock would give up its seed. Cum was dripping off Carla's chin as the
bright flashes continued. Bill and Guy, now drained, gathered up Carla's clothes
and put them in a sack. He was taken out the back door of the adult bookstore
and put into Bill's car. Guy went around to the side and found Carla's car and
followed Bill to Carla's house.

     Ten minutes later, they pulled up to a small white house with gray trim. A
privacy fence went out from both sides and around to the back yard. Both men
helped Carla walk to the front door. Bill found the house key on the car key
ring and unlocked the front door, turning on the lights and depositing Carla on
the Sofa. Bill checked his answer machine and caller ID and took down numbers
and message content while Guy went through drawers closets and clothing. Bill
then gathered up all the mail he could find, bills, letters, bank statements,
wage slips and put them in a bag. Guy came out with an armful of female lingerie
that Carl had stockpiled. Carla lay on the couch, eyes open with a blank stare,
her cock now soft. Bill was now at Carla's computer. A book next to  the
keyboard contained all the passwords for his programs and mail. In no time, Bill
had the printer going, copying email, temp files, and passwords.

     Finally, Bill decided they had enough information. They picked up the
sleepy boy and took him to his bedroom. As an after thought, they decided to
leave a calling card on him. Both men took their cocks out and began
masturbating. Bill spurted his cum over Carla's face while Guy shot his on
Carla's chest. Leaving Carl, now Carla sleeping in his bed, they gathered up the
information and locked the door on their way out. They would call him tomorrow
and him know that he was to report for work at the Adult bookstore as soon as he
got off work.

To be continued.
Email the author, tallywacker38@yahoo.com




Adult Bookstore Rental Boy  
Chapter 2
By tallywacker38

     Carl Summers opened his eyes slowly. His head was pounding with pain. Ohhh,
he groaned as he looked at the clock. "SHIT," He yelled as he saw 9:15 am
staring at him. Jumping out of bed, his head pounding, he suddenly became aware
of his sticky chest and something was on his face. Looking in the mirror, he
could tell it was cum. "What the fuck," he said out loud. Then he noticed he had
no hair on his body except his head. He stood there for awhile looking at
himself and feeling his body with his hands. It was cum all over him and he
remembered a dream he had had last night with guys shaving him and putting their
cocks in his mouth and ass. Was it a dream? He tried to remember. He was at the
bookstore, watched movies, bought some books and talked to the manager. He won a
contest and got to pick out some free books. He walked out in to the living room
and there on the coffee table were his books. There were seven fuck books and he
knew he had not bought that many so he knew he must have won the extras. He
checked to make sure the door was locked, gathered up the books and took them to
the bathroom.

     Quickly, he took his shower, washing off all the cum and marveling at how
smooth his body felt to him. Without the hair, his body was beautiful and so
soft. He shaved his face, even though he had little facial hair. Shaving with
one hand, his other hand could not resist finding it's way to his penis and
massaging it tenderly. His cock and balls were so smooth and erotic with no
hair. Finishing, he stepped out and dried off, gathering his wits on what to do
now. He was late for work and had not called in. He dropped the towel and went
to the telephone, punching in the work numbers, he knew what he had to say.

     "Hello, Mr. Mathis, this is Carl." "I'm sorry, I know I was supposed to be
at work, but I was sick, vomiting and diarrhea all night, I took some medicine
and it kind of knocked me out." "I still don't feel well Sir." Carl listened as
Mr. Mathis understood and told him to take the day off to get well and he would
see him tomorrow if he felt better but not to come in tomorrow either if he
still felt bad and he would understand. Todd listened as Mr. Mathis then told
him that since tomorrow was Friday, go ahead and make it a long weekend and he
would see him on Monday morning. Carl thanked him and put the phone back in the
cradle.

     Carl went back to the bathroom, his cock semi hard. Grabbing the books, he
laid down in bed and leafed through the illustrated fuck books showing young men
dressed in nylons, garderbelts and wearing lipstick and makeup and all with
exaggerated large cocks being used by larger macho men. His cock was hard and he
played with it and tried to remember what had happened at the bookstore. How had
he gotten home?  His legs felt so smooth and soft. How had that happened? He had
not shaved them. Suddenly, it hit him. Someone had shaved him and he had sucked
their cocks. A sickening feeling now came over him that someone had used him and
did they know who he was and where he lived? His stomach knotted up in dread and
fear. His penis went soft and he began to worry. He grabbed his cutoffs that he
was wearing last night, "SHIT", he said again as he discovered his wallet was
not there. Frantically he looked through the house but could not find it. He ran
out to his car and searched, but found nothing. A fear deep in his bowels was
now growing as he walked back into the house and sat down to think.

     Then the phone call that was going to change his life came. "Hello," Carl
said. A man identified himself as the manager of the Adult bookstore and told
him that he had dropped his billfold outside the store and he had found it. He
had found Carl's name in it and told him he was going to be at the store for
another half hour if he wanted to stop by and get it. A relief spread over Carl
and he quickly assured him he would be there in just a few minutes. Carl
hurriedly dressed, grabbed his keys and headed for the bookstore.

     Carl parked his car in the back of the bookstore so no one who would
recognize it could see it. He quickly walked around to the front but found it
locked. He pressed his face against the glass but it was dark inside so he
knocked loudly. He could see someone coming to the door so he backed away
slightly. The door was unlocked and opened and the manager greeted him and said
"Come in, I have your billfold in the back room." Carl brushed by him and waited
as the man locked the door behind him. Carl followed him to the back room where
the man told him to sit down. Carl sat on the edge of a chair, thanking the man
again for finding his wallet.
    
     "No problem," the man said as he handed the billfold to Carl. Carl got up
to leave but the manager said," While you're here Carla, I would like your
opinion on a new film clip we just got last night, it won't take long." Carl
thought he had heard the man call him Carla but said nothing and sat back down a
little nervous. The manager put a tape into the VCR and turned it on. The TV
came to life and Carl saw himself on the screen with a large cock being stuffed
in and out of his mouth. Carl made a move to get up but the man spoke quickly in
an authoritative voice, "SIT DOWN CARLA!" The man walked over to the table and
picked up several envelopes and brought them over to Carl. "Look at these and
then we will talk." Carl looked at the envelopes and saw his Dad and Mom's
address, his bother's address, his sister's address, his company's address,
neighbors and friends addresses. "Look inside one of them," said the manager,
"Each envelope contains the same things." Carl opened one and looked at the
photos of him with a cock in his mouth, a cock in his ass, cocks shooting cum
over his face, photos of him wearing nylons and garderbelt, lipstick, and some
with a woman's wig.

     Carl was flushed with embarrassment and fear as he saw his life falling
apart and himself at the mercy of this man. He began to cry and plead for the
man not to send the letters to them and not show the film in the arcade. He knew
some of the guys at work also watched movies in the arcade and that he would be
found out quickly. Bill sat at the table looking at the hapless young man. He
was busting with joy at the young man's reaction. It was exactly what he had
hoped for. "This is what I will do for you boy." "If you come to work for me
during your free time, I will not send them out." "You have 10 seconds to say
yes or no or leave here right now so I can get them in the mail." Carl looked at
him as he held his watch up watching the second hand. Carl wiped the sweat from
his forehead and tried to think, but time did not allow him to do anything but
panic. "Yes," he said quietly. What did you say?" the man said. "Yes," Carl said
louder, "I will work for you." "From now on you will address me as Master or
Sir, understand?" "Yes Sir," Carl replied. The man walked over to Carl and
gathered up he envelopes and put them in the open safe and spun the dial. He
went to his desk drawer and pulled out some colorful garments and laid them on
the table. "Strip now, and put these on." Carl got up and went to the table, his
mind in a fog unsure of what to do. The Manager grabbed him by the hair and
started slapping his face lightly, back and forth, telling him not to think, but
to do what he is told quickly and always. Carl, began taking his clothes off and
putting them on a chair neatly. The man handed him a pair of red thigh high
nylons. Carl put them on expertly; he had many pairs of his own. Next a red
garderbelt. His cock was now getting firmer as it recognized the familiar
feeling of erotic lingerie. Now, Bill handed him a box. "Put them on," he said.
Carl opened the box and found two women's breasts. He picked one up not sure of
what to do with it. Bill pulled a bottle out of the box. Opening it, he turned
it upside down and watched the liquid soak into the sponge applicator head. He
rubbed it around on the underside of the fake breast and told Carl to stand
still as he applied it to his chest. Holding it firmly. Satisfied, he took his
hands away and looked at it. He reached out and nudged it and the soft lifelike
breast jiggled. Bill smiled at how real it looked on the young man. He readied
the other breast and applied it to Carl's chest next. Carl looked down at his
check and as scared as he was of the man and what was happening to him, his cock
could care less and was in the process of taking over his body and mind. Bill
told him to sway back and forth. Carl did as he was told and the lifelike
breasts swayed with him. Bill was now hard as he was looking at the boy/girl in
front of him. She was beautiful and the color of the breasts were just slightly
lighter colored than his tanned chest looking very much like the real thing.

     Bill pulled Carl over to a corner where blue colored satin sheets had been
hung on the walls. He pushed a button on a tape deck and soft music filled the
room. "Dance Carla, NOW." He instructed, "or do I have to slap you around a
little first?" Carl started swaying to the music, his breasts swaying one-way
and his cock doing its own swaying and jerking. Bill adjusted the lighting and
went to the camcorder, which was on a tri-pod. He checked it to make sure it was
centered just right and then turned it on. A knock on the back door caused Carl
to stop in fear but Bill snapped his fingers at Carl and warned the young man,"
Keep dancing." He opened the door and Guy and another man walked in and whistled
at the sight in front of them. Bill held his finger to his mouth and told them
he was recording, so keep it down. Carl continued dancing and looking at himself
in a mirror that was on the wall across the room and he could not take his eyes
off his image. He was a boy but he was a girl too and men he did not know were
watching him and he could see they had hard-ons. Bill motioned to Carla to turn
around as he danced and swayed and Carla followed instructions. Her ass was
gorgeous and perfect, as he seemed to be lost in his lust. He was performing for
these guys and they liked him. He was desirable and beautiful and they wanted
him he/she moved her ass more provocatively as she imagined she was a star
performer in a strip club. The three men, talked in a low voice, setting up the
next performance for the newest unpaid employee cocksucker.

To be continued
Email the author   tallywacker38@yahoo.com




Adult Bookstore Rental Boy
Chapter 3
By tallywacker38

     Bill and the two men watched Carla dance for them for a few minutes before
Bill shut the camcorder off. Sitting back in his chair, he snapped his fingers
at the boy and pointed in front of himself. Carla walked over to him, again
embarrassed and afraid, as he cast a nervous eye at the other two men. "On your
knees," Bill said. Carla dropped to his knees and lowered his head. Bill
unzipped his pants and pulled out his cock, reached out and pulled Carla head to
it. "Open your eyes and your mouth." Carla opened and his mouth was filled with
Bill's cock. "I want you to suck on it and move your tongue over every inch of
it, do it now," Bill told the boy.

     The other two men got beer out of the refrigerator and sat down quietly to
watch. Bill smiled and winked at them and then turned his attention back to the
young man. "You are beginning a new life now Carla." "I call you Carla because
that is your new name while you are working here." "These two men here are going
to move you out of your house today." "You will be living downstairs from now on
and if you have any objections, I want you to know that we are going to beat
your ass until its black and blue, but you will still be moved out of your
house." "Suck on my cock Carla, nobody told you to take a break." Carla's mouth
moved over Bill's cock as tears ran down his cheeks.

     "That's a good girl Carla, I like to see you cry," Bill said softly. "You
are my little girl now, and I own you." "As long as you are obedient, I will
take good care of you, but if you disobey in any way, you will be discipline
very severely." "When I say I own you, I mean that everything you own is now
mine." "You will keep working at your regular job and you will bring your
paycheck directly to me." "I called your work this morning and they said you
were ill and would not be back at work until Monday, so you are going to start
working here this afternoon." "Now, these boys have got a lot of work to do, so
I want you to thank them by sucking them both off and telling them about
anything special in the house."" All personal papers, financial records will
come here as well as your television set and VCR." "Any furniture will go into
storage. I have some things to do now, so crawl over to them and thank them."
Carla pulled her mouth away from the huge cock and crawled over to the waiting
cocks, leaving teardrops on the floor.

     Bill walked back into the store and to the back hall, which led to the
private video booths. Reaching the end of the hall, he paused at a metal door
and swiped his pass card in the security access port. The sound of the lock
opening was instant as he pushed the door open and entered. He flipped the light
switch and the hall was bathed in a soft red glow allowing him to walk down the
short hall. On both sides were 3 well lit small rooms, enclosed by molded
plexiglass. The glass enclosing each room had two openings he had specially
designed. One opening would accommodate a customer's cock and the other was
molded so his employees' could bend over and put their Asses into the mold where
there was a hold large enough for a customer to either push his cock far into
the intended target or to use a tongue. He had been working on this project for
almost a year now and Carla was to be the first resident of his new enterprise.
He had quietly gone about comprising a list of customers who had been delighted
at the possibility of such a service. He had notified them early this morning
that the new section would be open this evening and every evening and Saturdays
and Sundays. Rental pass cards were available for $100.00 per week allowing
unlimited use during that time period and would go on sale today. Satisfied that
all was ready, he went back out to the store. 

     Entering the back lounge, Carla was still kneeling on the floor, cum
dripping off her chin onto the floor, while she cried softly. Bill walked over
to her and patted her head and told her to pull herself together and get over
it. "You know if you were reading about this happening to someone else, you
would be jacking off," he said. "Now look at the mess on the floor Carla, lick
that up quick or I'll whip your ass cunt." Carla looked down at the cum drops on
the floor and then up at Bill. Bill reached down, grabbing her hair and yanked
him up over his lap and delivered 5 loud slaps to her ass as she began crying
and struggling against his hold on her. Shoving her off his lap onto the floor,
he again ordered her to lick. Carla quickly bent down and licked the cum off the
floor and then the teardrops which were falling. On all fours, she looked at
Bill who reminded her again that as long as she obeyed, she would be ok but if
she disobeyed, she would be punished. Now, Bill brought Carla a box of Kleenex
and told her to clean her face up.

     Taking Carla by the hand, he led her down the stairs to what was to become
her apartment. Her room was about 12x12 with a regular bed, a refrigerator, sink
and cabinets, toilet and bath with shower, a well lit make up table which was
well supplied with everything a girl could want. Bill opened a closet and showed
Carla her new wardrobe of erotic lingerie; baby dolls and a dresser well
supplied with bras, panties, nylons and several ladies hairpieces. Taking
Carla's face between his hands, He looked into her eyes and warned her to pay
attention to everything he was going to tell her because if she failed him, she
would be severely punished.

     Moving one hand down to Carla's cock, He held it and softly squeezed it and
fondled it as he spoke. Carla's cock grew in his hand as he spoke. "I am going
to own you for one year and you will do everything you are order to do." "You
will continue to go to work at your regular job, and bring your paycheck to me."
"I will pay any bills you have accumulated and hold the rest in trust for you."
"After the year is over, I will give you all the money you have earned and let
you go back to your life." Bill could see the hope appear on Carla's face as she
realized that she would get her life back.  He smiled at his deception of the
foolish she male he had created. At the end of a year, the young man would owe
him several thousand dollars for his apartment, utilities, food, clothing, etc.
He thought to himself that the young man was going to become very popular with
his customers who often needed a quick blowjob or piece of ass without all the
hassles of a relationship." When you are on duty here at the bookstore, you will
be in a well lit little showroom." "When you hear a buzzer go off, you will get
off the little bed, stand in front of the glass and dance for the customer and
it better be the best erotic dance you can do or you will be punished if he
complains." " I will come back and beat your ass in front of the customer if
there is any complaint at all, do you understand?" Carla nodded his head yes,
his eyes wide with fear as Bill squeezed his nuts. "If the customer sticks his
cock through the hold, you will get on your knees and give him his blowjob and
it better be just what he tells you or you will be punished." "If he tells you
to get your ass up to the other hole in the glass so he can fuck you, you better
do it or you will be punished. When you are finished servicing a customer, you
will clean yourself up with the disinfectants and tissues and be ready for the
next customer." "Now, you have about 2 hours to get yourself cleaned up and
ready for your first shift." "I want you to wear the outfit I have laid out on
your bed." "You are to choose one of those wigs to wear and you are to polish
your finger and toenails a bright red and put lipstick on too." "You will
experiment with makeup and eye liner."" I will be back for you later, so get to
work." Bill turned and walked out of the room, locking the heavy door behind
him, as Carla stood there looking down at the hard-on she was wearing.

     Bill walked up the stairs, into the store area, and unlocked the front
door. Turning the main lights on, two customers got out of their cars and
entered the store. Greeting the men as they walked back to the book section,
Bill turned on the monitor to Carla's room and watched he explore her room. She
was also playing with herself. Bill switched on a button and picked up a
microphone and quietly spoke. "Carla, you are not permitted to touch your cock
without permission." Carla was startled by the voice and also realized that her
owner could see what she was doing. She looked around and saw three dark glass
fixtures in the ceiling and knew they were cameras. "Yes sir," she said meekly"

To be continued
Email the author  tallywacker38@yahoo.com




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  tallywacker38


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





