BDSM Library - Nightmare Creatures




Nightmare Creatures
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Beautiful Model on assignment, ravaged by mutant creatures.
NIGHTMARE CREATURES

By Mellaniehewlitt@hotmail.com

Chapter 1:The Discreet Assignment.

Oh how she hated the Internet, this new means of modern technology that allowed
information to spread swiftly across the masses. Only six months ago, Rachel
Greene had been gracing the covers of some of the world's most illustrious
fashion magazines. Barely 24 years of age, this pretty brunette already had
close to USD20 mio of contracts under her belt. She was in demand and her
modeling career was right on track

But all that came crashing down when she received her first photo shoot
assignment with Massimo Milano. Rachel had at first welcomed the chance to shoot
with this well know Italian  photographer, whose name was associated with some
of the biggest cat walk models and fashion houses this side of Manhattan. But
things started going wrong when she refused the repeated advances of Massimo. He
had taken no pains to hide his sexual fascination with her and she had to endure
the endless hours of torment and torture during his photo shoots. But had
managed always to tacitly evade his lewd advances.

Rachel suspected that quite a few girls in the industry had become victims of
this perverted monster. She was advised by her friend Monica that this was a
usual seedy trademark of the high fashion industry. It was not the face that
launched careers, but the photographer behind the face and body who could make
or break a promising talent.

But she had not heeded Monica's advise. She simply could not, the very sight of
the fat balding middle-aged Italian filled her with disgust and revulsion. The
crunch came 3 months ago when she responded to a last minute assignment by the
agency for a swimwear shoot. Rachel suspected nothing unusual when she walked
into the deserted studio.  However her suspicions were immediately raised when
she found herself alone with Massimo.  She refused to change into the very
skimpy G-String type bikinis and declined the cocktails he offered her. Finally,
she simply walked out of the studio ignoring his threats and vulgarities.

The next thing she knew, nude and pornographic pictures of her were flooding the
websites. She made a report to the authorities but they were never able to trace
the actual origin of the pictures. But she recognized his handy work. These were
not the product of amateurs photographers, they even fooled playboy and
penthouse who vouched for the authenticity of the pictures.

The contracts were swiftly cancelled as prestigious brands and fashion houses
tossed her like a used rag doll, wanting to distance their immaculate brand
names from her soiled public image. It did not matter that the pictures were
false, Rachel Greene was damaged goods and had lost her public appeal.

Low on cash and desperate for an assignment, Monica referred her to a secluded
modeling agency known simply as "Cleo's". She soon found out that the agency
itself was a front and only maintained a surreal existence on the internet.
There was no actual business address, phone lines, fax numbers etc. In fact, the
agency prided itself on its discreteness. Perspective models e-mailed their
portfolios and resumes to an internet web page together with their contact
details. It was the agency who short listed the models and initiated first
contact.

This arrangement seemed highly unusual to Rachel as she had thought that any
aspiring modeling agency would be hungry for publicity. But Monica told her the
reason behind this cloak of secrecy.

Additional to the usual modeling contracts, Cleo's also doubled as an escort
agency. Rachel's heart sank when she heard this but Monica assured her that
Cleo's looked after all of their models, many of whom were top models like
herself who have wondered off the wayward path. And Cleo's was no ordinary
escort agency either. It maintained an exclusive clientele which would forever
be beyond the reach of the average man on the street. This agency catered to
royalty, Celebes and the filthy rich. Small wonder that discretion and anonymity
were the order of the day.

Monica herself confessed that she had accepted several well paid assignments and
found the experience quite enjoyable. Seeing her hesitation Monica had prompted
that she accepts the agency's invitation for a phone interview. She would speak
with Madame Tussard, who basically ran Cleo's. And now she sat anxiously as she
waited to receive the impending phone call. As if reading her mind, the phone
rang shrilly, jolting her out of her reverie. Rachel's heart pounded as she
allowed the phone to rang for long seconds, still having reservations about this
agency. Finally she snatched the cradle up and answered the phone breathlessly;

Rachel: "Hello"

A soft spoken soothing feminine voice greeted her on the phone: "Why hello, is
this Rachel Greene, it Madam Tussard here."

Rachel: "Yes this is her, er I mean me...I am Rachel Greene."

Madame Tussard: "My, you do sound tense tonight Rachel, but don't worry, Monica
has told me a lot about you and that is why we are having this call tonight, to
let you know a little more about Cleo's and its operations."

Rachel: "Oh, so you have spoken to Monica already, I hear she accepts contracts
from your agency."

Madame Tussard: "Yes, Monica is one of our more popular young ladies, she has
lovely blonde hair and ocean blue eyes and appeals naturally to the camera."

Rachel: "So she has accepted only modeling assignments? And not the more
er...discreet jobs?"

Madame Tussard: "Well let me start from the beginning and tell you how we run
Cleo's. Cleo's is first and foremost a modeling agency. Our models are featured
in glamour magazines. The girls are young and beautiful and we look after them
very well as they are our prized assets. Without the models, there is no
Cleo's!!" she laughed easily.

Rachel: "Well that's very re-assuring to know and I am ready and willing to
accept modeling assignments, you have seen my portfolio and resume....."

Madame Tussard: "Yes we have and we are very impressed. Your birth cert says you
turn 24 this February and already I have seen your face on so many covers. And
you have the perfect model's figure, long luscious black hair, 5'4 tall,  100lbs
and a very supple and delicate 33C-24-34, with almond brown eyes and ivory white
skin. Its no wonder that the public adores you so."

Rachel: "Yes, but as you probably also no, there was that ugly internet
scandal......I have not been given another lucrative assignments since."

Madame Tussard's tone was encouraging:  "That's a minor set-back. You are very
young, and the public has a very short memory. We can restart your career, this
is what Cleo's specializes in. We help less fortunate young ladies like yourself
who were exploited by the industry, back on their feet."

Rachel took heart and she felt herself more at ease with Madame Tussard: "Oh
that's so good to hear, so when can I begin my first assignment."

There was a pause before Madame Tussard answered: "That's really up to you. You
can even start tonight if you are up to it, but before that I must brief you on
the other services that Cleo's offers."

Rachel: "Yes I can start tonight, tell me more."

Madame Tussard: "One reason Cleo's has been so successful over the years is the
contacts we maintain with our exclusive clientele. These are not the fashion
houses and tabloid magazines I refer to. These are the top celebrities, royalty,
the CEOs of huge companies, oil tycoons, ministers, people whose names and faces
appear in Forbes and Fortune magazine."

Rachel was confused: "Er do you mean they finance and sponsor the agency's
operations?"

Madame Tussard thought for awhile: " That's one way to see things. The rich and
famous are constantly at the mercy of the press. They have an image to maintain
and they also have their personal needs, which quite often conflict with their
public image. Cleo's plays the very delicate and vital role of maintaining the
balance between these two needs."

Rachel was still confused: "I am sorry, what's so bad about financing a modeling
agency, even if you are a minister or oil tycoon."

Madame Tussard's voice took a harder edge: "Even the filthy rich have their 
human needs, their sexual fantasies, desires that they need fulfilled. As money
is no object they want only the best, so the usual whore houses or escort
agencies will not appeal to them. They want cover girls and top models at their
back and call, and of cause discretion is the order of the day."

Rachel's heart sank as she realized the implications of Madame Tussard's words.
"So you are nothing more than an escort agency, just selling sex to the rich."

Madame Tussard's voice softened: "Not true. Although we run an agency and have
contracts with fashion houses, we cannot survive on this seasonal revenue alone.
We are a bona-fide modeling agency, but the harsh reality of corporate finance
also sinks in. The fashion houses continue to use our models because Cleo's
waives its agency fees. We do not charge the fashion house or the model. Cleo's
offers a cheap alternative in these tough economic times to the budget conscious
designer who still requires a top model to launch his products."

Madame Tussard continued: "But we need to cover our costs. We try to minimize on
rental and office space and studios by maintaining only a surreal existence on
the internet, but we still have to pay our photographers, drivers, writers and
most importantly of all, our models. Our models take home 80% of our revenue,
and they are worth every penny. So you my dear would take home most of the
revenue. It's a win win situation for you."

Rachel: "I still don't get it, will I get a proper modeling assignment or not?"

Madame Tussard: "You will get a proper modeling, but because we have to cover
our costs, you need to also fulfill a minimum quota of "Discreet Assignments"
every month before we can refer you to the fashion houses."

Rachel knew by now what Madame Tussard meant by "Discreet Assignments".

Rachel: "How many "Discreet Assignments" a month precisely"

Madame Tussard: "That depends on the revenue generated on each assignment. Which
also  depends on the er "services rendered" in each Discreet Assignment."

Rachel: "Well that's still very vague, can you be more precise."

Madame Tussard: "I'll try. Lets say we were a full time modeling agency and I
were to refer a top model like you to a fashion house, what would my agency fees
be? I know it differs from assignment to assignment but on average I can expect
at least 5-10 grand an assignment. So that's the opportunity cost for the
agency, which is one side of the equation. Now we ask, how many Discreet
Assignments do you need to complete before you can meet our minimum cost base of
say 5k per month. That is an open question."

Rachel: "Why? Don't I receive a fix remuneration for each Discreet Assignment."

Madame Tussard: "Yes and no. For each Discreet Assignment, you will receive a
basic Attendance Fee of 200 bucks."

Rachel: "200 bucks!!! It will take me forever to work that off!!!"

Madame Tussard: "This is only the Attendance Fee, you get this fee for merely
showing up. All Discreet Assignments are voluntary. The model decides how far
she wants to carry through her assignments. This is also for the welfare of the
model."

Rachel: "That means I can turn-up, look at the client and if I do not like him,
I can just leave."

Madame Tussard: "In short yes. But Cleo's prides itself on meeting and
satisfying our exclusive clientele. Many of these high flyers are on stop-over
flights between international destinations. They only have a few short hours to
fulfill their Discreet Assignments. Its not nice to disappoint them. Word also
does get around amongst the clients and if you have too many refusals, I will
have difficulty recommending you even for Discreet Assignments, let alone
modeling jobs. So use that as a last option."

Rachel remained silent as she contemplated her options. Sensing her reservations
Madame Tussard continued: "I think you are viewing this in a negative manner.
Most of our Discreet Assignments are actually quite pleasant. Do remember that
you will be meeting the creme de le creme of society and not the usual riff
raffs. Who knows you may meet a Bradd Pitt or Tom Cruise.......and the pay-outs
for full services are handsome, between 1-2k a night. That means that you need
only do 2-3 Discreet Assignments a month to meet your monthly quota. Once the
quota is met we can refer you to any number of modeling jobs."

Rachel: "Yes, but this is so cheap, its tantamount to prostitution."

Madame Tussard: "Not true. The model decides how the evening progresses. Of
cause sex is a real possibility, but it may or may not be on the agenda of our
clients. Some may just want the company of a beautiful young lady. And even if
there is sex, you decide whether to proceed, and it may turn out to be quite a
pleasant experience after all. Imagine getting paid 1-2k to have a passionate
evening with Tom Cruise, life can't get any better Rachel!!!"

Rachel: "Well, when you put it like this, its hard to say no."

Madame Tussard pushed on: "Then accept a Discreet Assignment Rachel, say yes!
The bottom line is that you have nothing to lose. And if you do change your
mind, you can just collect your Attendance Fee and leave after the preliminary
social obligations."

Rachel: "Well, ok, since you put it that way. But will I have a male escort just
in case the client becomes difficult."

Madame Tussard: "Of cause, that's agency policy to ensure the safety of our
models. The Limo will pick you up from home and will wait for you at the
client's location. You will have a direct line in to the driver, Ben, who will
come to your aid in the very unlikely event things get out of hand."

Rachel: "yes, that is most re-assuring, so where do we go from here?"

Madame Tussard: "You mentioned you could start this evening, I have a very
exclusive client flying through Manhattan. He is a regular and a perfect
gentlemen. I can start by sending him your portfolio and pictures to see if he
is interested in meeting up with you this evening."

Rachel: "Well, ok., who is this client?"

Madame Tussard: "Sorry that's privileged information. Just as the agency
protects its models, so too do we protect the reputation of our clients. You
will only know who the client is when you meet him in person. And if you do not
like him, you can pull out after the obligatory cocktails."

Rachel: "Obligatory cocktails?"

Madame Tussard: "Yes Rachel, these are social formalities. We do not run a cheap
fuck-shop so to speak. The usual protocol is to have 5-10 minutes of social
interaction with the client, make small talk. Seep a cocktail, this also gives
both of you a chance to get to know each other better. You can even think of it
as a first date!"

Rachel: "Ok, I suppose I can do that tonight, just to have drinks and cocktail
and nothing more. Please alert your client to this."

Madame Tussard: "That's not advisable, its like throwing a bucket of ice-water
onto the client. He won't even want to meet you. Just play along with the game
and cross the bridge when you come to it. The client knows the agency policy and
that the model can walk anytime she wants to."

Rachel: "Well, ok, but I am just having cocktails this evening..."

Madame Tussard: "As you please Rachel. I will call you within the hour to
confirm the assignment for tonight. Please leave your mobile on. Good bye for
now"

-----Scene Shift To Madame Tussard's sleazy studio---------




Chapter 2  The Set-Up

Massimo Milano smiled eagerly to himself as he carefully removed the
voice-encoder from the mouth piece of his phone. Business had been brisk at
Cleo's and he had been busy playing the role of Madame Tussard as liaison
between his clients and the models. Until this day, no one knew that he was
actually the real person behind the sweet soothing voice of Madame Tussard. Not
his clientele and definitely not the models in Cleo's employ.

Yes, life was good at Cleo's and it would be doubly sweet victory if he could
get his clutches again onto Rachel Greene. Just when he thought he saw the last
of her, fate lent him a hand and delivered her back into his clutches.

The stunning brunette had proven to be a source of sexual frustration for him
and he was still salvaging his badly bruised ego after her repeated rejections
of his advances.

Who the hell did she think she was, to turn her nose in the air and reject the
great Massimo Milano. He was the genius who launched thousands of careers on
international cat-walks, and had bedded the most beautiful women in the world.
No one had the audacity to say no to him. No one except Rachel Greene.

Circulating the fake pictures of her on the internet was a small consolation. He
derived some satisfaction watching her career crumble over night. But It did not
satiate his growing hunger for her. If anything, the fake nude pictures only
served to fan the burning lust within him and his craving for this sweet dessert
that was always just beyond his reach. So, she thought she was too good for him
did she? He wanted to see the arrogant ice princess humiliated and reduced to a
whimpering mass of jello.

He drummed his fingers absently on the table as he tried to work out a
devilishly fitting Discreet Assignment for Rachel. She must be tortured, he
wanted her to suffer and experience the same burning lust and desire that had
consumed him these past few months. She must feel the unfulfilled hunger that
haunted him. And of cause, it would be the piece de resistance if he could
finally personally consummate his desire.

But he also knew that he could not recommend Rachel to himself. She would take
flight immediately at the first sight of him and he would have lost a golden
opportunity forever. No, this required some strategy and manipulation which
could only be achieved through his guise as Madame Tussard. He knew he already
had part of her trust and must take advantage of this existing leverage to
consolidate his position.

He reached for the black book that contained his black-listed clients,
determined to find a fate worst then death for the very source of his
unfulfilled lust. These were usually the clients that had such unusual and
perverse fetishes that even he found it difficult to conduct business with. What
would be a fitting assignment for Ms Greene? This will be fun, he smiled to
himself as he flipped through the pages.

How about Mr Marx who was into snuff? No, he did not want to lose a prized
asset. Besides, the last assignment with Mr Marx involved the authorities and no
end of paper work to cover up the mess.

His fingers came to rest on the initials of Mr Salim. This was a potential, Mr
Salim was into bestiality. He was very wealthy and owned a secluded stable with
horses, pigs and dogs. Massimo wet his lips in morbid anticipation as he
pictured Rachel nude and filthy, down on all fours and mounted from the rear by
a huge sheep dog.

But he paused in mid-thought. The last model he referred there was physically
scarred and underwent several weeks of extensive reconstructive surgery to her
reproductive organs. She became a defective product, a non-performing asset. No,
he could not risk it, he wanted to teach Rachel Greene a lesson, but he also saw
her as a potential financial investment which he would use, abuse and discard.
Perhaps he would save this for her final assignment, but not for her first
initiation.

Moving further down the list Massimo also skipped Sam Smith who had a morbid
fascination with necrophilia. This particular gentleman got his kicks in grave
yards and expected the models to engage in various unmentionable acts with
cadavers. Which was fine with Massimo. The only problem was that Mr Smith would
also ritually behead the model and engage in sexual intercourse with the
beheaded corpse as a grand finale.

Massimo signed in frustration. Virtually all the blacklisted clients were
fascinated with violent, destructive acts which would physically and permanently
damage his prized product. He was about to give-up when his eyes caught the
initials of Professor Moriarty at the bottom of the page.

A fiendish smile flooded his face as he nodded to himself, yes, this would be a
fitting Discreet Assignment for Rachel Greene.

Placing the voice encoder back on the phone mouth-piece, he proceeded to dial
the numbers which would seal Rachel's fate.

--------------Scene Switch to Professor Moriarty's secluded castle--------------




Chapter 3:  The Professor & His Pets

Professor Moriarty looked up from his work bench, trying to find the ringing
phone beneath the scattered pile of paper and printed circuit boards. He hated
to be interrupted in his work. Sex and his work were the be all and end all of
his life, all else was immaterial. And he had managed to combine the two in his
latest project.

At sixty years of age, he was a retired social recluse with few relatives and
even fewer friends. He was surprised at first by the foreign sound that flooded
his laboratory. It was only later that he recognized it as the sound of his
ringing phone, which had not been used for weeks.

His curiosity took hold as he wondered who could be ringing him. Perhaps it was
a wrong number, but as the unfound phone continued to ring persistently, he
rummaged through his work papers and junk to find the receiver simply to end
this confounding irritation. At last he found the phone cord and roughly jerked
the receiver from under a pile of books.

Moriarty: "Hello, who's this, you have the wrong number." He said crossly.

He was greeted by a vaguely familiar feminine voice: "Good evening, is that
Professor Moriarty please?"

Moriarty was amused that this person knew him enough to greet him by his title,
and he softened his tone; "Yes, how may I help you?"

Madame Tussard: "Oh Professor Moriarty, its so nice to hear your voice again, it
is Madame Tussard from Cleo's"

He smiled to himself as he finally remembered where he heard the voice from.
Until the recent incident, he had always enjoyed the services rendered by
Cleo's. The agency supplied him with a steady stream of beautiful young models
to satiate his constant and growing need for sex. But they were expensive and he
knew that he was a virtual hostage to their services, much like a cocaine addict
was held hostage by the crack dealer. Cleo's was the best, and there was no
substitute for the quality of girls they supplied. He had tried been severely
disappointed when he tried the much cheaper escort services who supplied him
with cheap slabs of unpalatable meat.

But the problem was that having retired from the academic world without a steady
pay-cheque, he knew his limited savings (substantive though they were), could
not sustain his insatiable hunger and appetite indefinitely. What he needed was
a good, cheap substitute, and there was none, at least not until his new project
would be completed.

Moriarty: "Yes I remember, the modeling agency....wait a minute, I thought you
blacklisted me after the last job. Why are you still calling me?"

Madame Tussard: "Black list you? Good havens no, who in the world could have
told you that?"

Moriarty : "You of cause."

Madame Tussard: "You must be mistaken, you are one of our most important
clients. Anyway I called in to see how you are and whether you are still in need
of our services."

Moriarty's pulse raced. The call could not have come at a better time when he
had just completed his project. "Well I am in need of a model this evening, if
there is one available. She must be young, and beautiful, preferably brunette."

Madame Tussard: "As a matter of fact we have a new model who just joined Cleo's
today and I think you will simply adore her. Shall I e-mail her portfolio to
you?"

Moriarty: "Yes, use the old e-mail address, and stay on the line, I'll just hop
over to my computer."

Madame Tussard: "The file should be coming through now, got it?"

Moriarty squinted through his thick glasses as he clicked on the portfolio and
flipped through the photos: "Mmmmm yes, she will do deliciously. Can she be here
this evening by 9PM?"

Madame Tussard: "Yes, that can be arranged, at the usual fee."

Moriarty: "Ok send her over. I want exclusivity over this one"

Madame Tussard: "You know Professor Moriarty, as a gesture of goodwill and to
make up for our embarrassing error we can also waive the usual agency policies
for this assignment, at an additional fee of cause."

Moriarty: "You mean you are finally willing to dispense with those confounded
agency rules? Great, how much?"

Madame Tussard: "For an additional 2k, you can have her all to yourself with no
strings attached. The agency Limo will leave immediately after dropping her off,
and her agency mobile will be inconveniently low on batteries. We will leave it
to you to entertain her with your usual assortment of cocktails. In short you
will have Rachel all to yourself to do with as you please."

Moriarty licked his lips in anticipation, at last he could turn his fantasies
into reality. He could hardly wait for the evening to begin.

Moriarty: "Excellent, make sure she is not late."

As he hung up, Moriarty made his way down to the bowels of the castle. There was
much to be done in preparation for tonight. He had to run some final tests on
the simulator, and it was also feeding time for his pets.

Yes, his pets, they were his creation and they had been alone for so long.
Finally they would have some company. As he neared their sleeping quarters, they
could smell and sense his approach. The putrid stench of death and decay filled
the air but Moriarty did not notice, he had long since grown accustomed to this
environment. Already he could hear the scratching and clawing of eager hands
behind the huge oak door.

"Slowly my pets, you are hungry, bona petit." He opened a window in the huge oak
door and  tossed the carcasses of several pigs and chickens into the pit. It was
too dark in the pit for him to see, but all at once he could hear the scampering
of feet and the crunching or bones as the unholy creatures within ate their
fill.

"Tonight, you will have something alive and much tastier." He promised as he
shut the window."

---------------------Scene Switch back to Rachel's Apartment---------------------




Chapter 4: The Pick-up

The shrill ringing of the phone startled Rachel. Could it be Madame Tussard
already, it seemed barely 5 minutes ago that she had ended her first phone call
with Madame Tussard. How could they have confirmed her assignment in such a
short period. There was only one way to find out and she anxiously lifted the
phone from its cradle.

Madame Tussard: "Rachel! Its me again, I have marvelous news. The client simply
adores you and cannot wait to meet up with you tonight."

Rachel: "Tonight, oh that's very short notice."

Madame Tussard: "Well you did indicate you were available for Discreet
Assignment tonight. And you should really be flattered that you are in such high
demand. I can assure you that this is a very wealthy and respectable client and
it would be a very lucrative first assignment for you. Things could hardly have
gotten off to a better start for you, you are most fortunate."

Rachel: "Well, ok, I will just make a casual short meeting with your client. Its
my first assignment and I prefer to get to know the client a little better first
before we proceed further into any business relationship."

Madame Tussard: "Yes, by all means stay just for the obligatory 1st cocktail,
make some pleasant conversation, talk about the weather and then if you are not
impressed, just call Ben on the department mobile and he will be waiting outside
ready to pick you up."

Rachel: "Ok, that sounds fine to me."

Madame Tussard : "Good, Ben will be over to pick you up at 7.00PM sharp. Its
only around 5.00PM now so you have 2 hours to make yourself presentable. Please
do take effort to make a good first impression. I would recommend a black formal
evening dress that accentuates your lithe figure and shows off a bare back and
supple shoulders."

Rachel: "Don't worry, I know how to look my best and I have a dress that meets
your requirements. I'll see Ben at 7.00PM then."

As Rachel hung up she could not help but feel that events were developing faster
than she liked. Quickly she hurried to the bath room to prepare a fragrant hot
bubble bath. She felt a tad nervous and soaking in the scented water for an hour
would help to calm her nerves and clear her mind.

Stepping out of her clothes, she stopped to admire her long lithe figure,
flawless white skin and firm supple breasts. She knew that she was still a head
turner but the past few months had shattered her self-confidence as she was
greeted by rejections from all the major tabloid magazines and fashion houses.
And it angered her that she was now reduced to this desperate measure. Six
months ago she would not even have given an agency like Cleo's a second glance,
let alone consider accepting Discreet Assignments. But beggars can't be
choosers.

Adding a liberal dose of scented oil and bath salts to the bubble bath, she sank
gratefully into the comforting embrace of the warm scented waters and
immediately felt more relaxed. Closing her eyes, she allowed her face to slide
below the surface of the warm water, remaining submerged for long seconds before
surfacing.

Rachel realized that she was beseeched by conflicting values and emotions. The
religious ethical side of her balked at the notion of even considering a
Discreet Assignment. This was basically a more refined high-end version of
prostitution, selling one' self and body for sex.

However there was a darker more adventurous side of her that found this
arrangement strangely exciting, sensual and even erotic. Here she was, about to
be whisked off in a Limo to meet an unknown man who found her attractive. And no
one knows how the evening would unfold or what course events would take. She
blew gentle at the bubbles that had congregated around her sensitive rosebud
tipped nipples and was amused to note that they were already semi-erect.

The loud buzz of the alarm clock woke her. She realized she had dosed off in the
fragrant water for over an hour. Stealing a quick glance at the clock, it was
already 6.20PM and she hurriedly showered and toweled herself dry. Wrapping a
towel around her she reached for the hair-dryer and proceeded to blow-dry her
long luscious hair.

It was a stroke of luck that she had the exact dress that Madame Tussard had
requested her to put on. The black sleeveless dress was simple but very elegant
with a low cut back which left her shoulders bare. It had long splits on either
sides which allowed the casual observer a tempting glimpse of her supple legs. 
She elected to wear sheer white lacy silk bra and panties which hugged her
contours like a second skin. This was because she knew the black silk dress also
hugged her body and accentuated every curve of her figure.

She elected not to wear any perfume as the dress was a gift from a famous
Italian designer and he had warned her that the reach silk fabric did not agree
with toxic chemicals. Thankfully she also did not need much make-up, save for
some lip-gloss and a slight touch of mascara. The loud blare of a car signaled
the arrival of the agency Limo and Ben.

Taking a deep breath she took one last approving glance of herself in the full
length mirror before grabbing her small purse and stepping out of the apartment
into the warm summer night. She spotted Ben the chauffeur immediately and took
comfort in the fact that he was tall and broad. He smiled briefly at her, giving
her the usual once over and commenting ; "Wow, you look stunning, even to me and
I have seen quite afew models in my line."

Rachel: "Thank you, where's our destination for tonight?"

Ben: "Sorry, that's classified information, agency rules. But you will find out
anyhow. It will be a long ride though."

Rachel: "Oh, seems like there are lots of things I am not allowed to know."

The car started and they drove in silence for awhile before Ben spoke again.

Ben: "Madame Tussard would have given you the introductory lecture on the
agency's policies and client confidentiality."

Rachel: "Yes she did, what's she like, this Madame Tussard?"

Ben laughed: "Wow you really are new here. No one has laid eyes on her yet. If
you think the agency is shrouded in secrets, she is the final enigma. I have
been working here for three years and have never even caught a glimpse of her."

Rachel: "So you really don't know anything about her at all then."

Ben: "Word in the industry is that she is a retired model who had good
connections and started the agency with some of her savings."

Rachel: I suppose that is believable enough."

Ben: "Oh Yes, before I forget, there is an agency mobile next to you in the back
seat, you can use this to call me when its time to pick you up."

Rachel slipped the mobile into her purse, feeling slightly more secure. She
noticed that they had slipped onto an expressway and were rapidly headed away
from time.

Rachel : "Just how long do we go before we reach the client's place, or is that
classified also?"

Ben: "I reckon we should be there in under two hours. Just sit back and enjoy
the ride, I'll turn on some soft music for you."

Rachel mentally noted that it would be four hours back and forth, minimum.
Already she regretted taking the Discreet Assignment. If she collected only the
Attendance Fee, it was really not worth the time and effort.

As the minutes dragged on, she noted that they were making their way towards the
secluded, outskirts of town. After an hour, the Limo had left the major
expressway and slipped onto a smaller road leading towards a heavily forested
area.

Rachel: "The client certainly stays in a very remote area."

Ben: "Oh yes, many of the rich and famous do. Don't worry, this is quite usual
for the wealthy. They cherish their privacy and want to be as far away from
public eyes as possible. Most of these places are not even listed on the map to
discourage pesky journalists and the press."

On and on they drove. The Limo left the small road and slipped onto a dirt
track. She noticed they were driving up a small hill. Dense forest surrounded
them on either sides and it was pitch black outside. Only the powerful
headlights of the car cut through the wall of darkness like a knife through
butter. After what seemed like an eternity, Ben broke the silence: "Wake up
sleeping beauty, we should be there in 5 minutes."

She expected to see an immense estate. Instead, what greeted her was reminiscent
of a gothic scene from Bram Stroker's "Count Dracula". The Limo pulled up to
immense spiked gates which marked the entrance to the estate. These appeared to
open automatically and an ancient castle sprang into view.




Chapter 5: Moriarty's Obligatory Cocktails

The Limo finally pulled to a stop outside the main entrance, Rachel was having
second thoughts about the assignment, but she knew it was too late to turn back.
She gingerly stepped out of the car, walking hesitantly towards the imposing
huge oak doors. Her heart was thumping as she looked for a button for the door
bell. Ben laughed as he reached above her and pulled a chord which sounded a
chime somewhere deep in the bowels of the castle.

As she waited, Rachel had time to study the external facade of the building. She
had been around enough sets to notice that this was a recent but realistic
reconstruction of the a real castle in Europe. The builder had taken pains to
model it closely with attention to detail.

When the doors finally creaked open, she fully expected to be greeted by a
uniformed butler. Instead, her eyes fell upon a fragile looking elderly
gentleman in his sixties. She could feel his eyes on her as he quickly scanned
her body and face, muttering "lovely, very lovely and elegant creature."

Ben stepped forward: "Professor Moriarty, may I present to you Miss Rachel
Green, our latest and most lovely addition to Cleo's family."

Professor Moriarty: "Yes, it's a pleasure to make your acquaintance Rachel.
Madame Tussard has told me much about you and I can see you are even more
beautiful in person, the pictures do not do your figure and complexion justice."

Uncertain of how to respond Rachel merely said; "Thank you, you are too kind."

Turning to Ben, Moriarty said: "Well, you have received latest instructions did
you not, there are some er minor changes to the usual terms."

Ben nodded back to Moriarty: "Yes, I have been briefed, don't worry."

Rachel asked worriedly: "What changes, Madame Tussard did tell you that I was
only here for a purely social visit and the obligatory cocktail?"

Moriarty: "Obligatory cocktail? Yes she did mention that, in fact that's the
change, so don't you worry your pretty little head. Ben can see himself out and
you can follow me to the bar so I can toss up something that will make you feel
a lot better." He smiled as he led her along a stone stairway that spiraled
downwards into what seemed to be a bottomless pit.

Even from the outside the castle had an evil foreboding look about it. As they
moved from the deeper into the castle, Rachel could sense an air of unholyness,
the pungent odor of death and decay became stronger as they journeyed deeper
into its unholy bowels. They passed through many closed and locked doors and she
shuddered as she imagined what lay beyond the silent bolted doors. Rachel could
not wait to end this assignment quickly and was grateful when she felt the
reassuring bulge of the agency mobile in her purse.

At last they arrived at the bottom which opened up into a central area which
appeared to be a working laboratory. Shuffling ahead of her, Moriarty hastily
cleared some papers from a bench making room for her to take a sit. He was
apologetic: "I am sorry, this is my work area and my work takes up most of my
time. So please forgive the untidiness."

Rachel gingerly took a seat, she was momentarily distracted by what appeared to
be a huge table which occupied the center of the lab. It almost resembled an
operating table : "Just what kind of work do you do Professor?"

Moriarty laughed: "All sorts, before my retirement I was engaged to carry out
various projects by the government. My two areas of specialties are genetic
mutations and artificially enhanced sensory perception."

Rachel had no idea what this meant but said politely: "how interesting and
fascinating."

Moriarty: "Yes, but not half as fascinating as you my dear" he sat down beside
her, putting an arm around her waist: "that's why I want to get to know you a
little better tonight and conduct a little experiment of my own."

Trying to extricate herself Rachel said: "Yes, but lets talk a little first, get
to know each other more."

Moriarty leaned closer, he could detect her alluring fragrance, and his fingers
savored the feel the soft smooth skin of her bare upper arms : "But conversation
is so dull, its not my forte."

Rachel was anxious to conclude this assignment fast and resorted to the
cocktail: "Well perhaps a little social drinks will help break the ice and
loosen your tongue."

Moriarty gave her a smile that showed his yellowed uneven teeth: "Actually my
tongue is loose enough as it is and I can show it to you."

Rachel: "But I am a tad thirsty, perhaps I can have a lemonade pls?"

Reluctantly, Moriarty conceded and Rachel was relieved when he left her side and
shuffled over to the fridge. He returned shortly with a tall glass of lemonade.

Moriarty: "I made this special brew just for you. I am sure you will like it"

Rachel gratefully accepted the drink. This marked her cue to end the assignment
after the "Obligatory Cocktail."

Rachel: "Thank you Professor, but I do not feel well, its been a long day for me
so its best that I depart now. We can meet up again soon."

She had expected Moriarty to object, but was thankful when he said: "Yes, I can
understand, you will be most welcomed here any time. But at least finish your
cocktail first, after all it is an Obligatory Cocktail and an agency rule."

She cautiously took a seep of from the glass and found the lemonade to be very
delicious. Moriarty watched anxiously as she slowly finished 1/2 the glass.
"Drink it all up dearie, it good for young growing bodies like yours." he urged
her on.

Reluctantly she gulped down the rest of the lemonade. "That was very nice
indeed, now if you'll excuse me, let me just alert Ben to pick me up." Reaching
for the agency she mobile she dialed for Ben but received a busy tone. Her
anxiety grew as she tried several more times with the same results.

Moriarty inquired casually: "What's wrong dearie?"

Rachel did not wish to stay a second longer in this unholy place, not wishing to
alert him to latest developments she quickly answered: "Er nothing, I have to
meet him now at the front door as he is not coming down here."

Moriarty gave her an incredulous look: "Did he now, why don't you call your
driver down, he can have afew drinks with us."

Rachel : "No no, he has another assignment and must leave immediately, in fact
he told me to hurry up."

Moriarty: "Well if you must go, then you must go, you know the way to the front
door, just follow the steps up." He gestured to her, openly grinning.

Rachel tried to getup, but it seemed her entire body from the neck down was cast
in concrete. Again she tried to push herself up from the couch, but her hands
and legs stayed dormant and unresponsive. Moriarty sat down beside her again:
"Rachel, what's wrong? I though you were going to leave?"

Rachel looked up helplessly in silent rage at him: "You bastard, you spiked the
drink. This was not part of the assignment. You are in a lot of trouble when Ben
finds out."

Moriarty responded with an innocent look: "What are you talking about? If I
spiked your drink, how can you still be fully conscious. I think my dear that
you really want to stay, that's why your body is not listening to you."

Rachel's pulse raced as she tried to extricate herself from a hopeless
situation: "You gave me some sort of drug that leaves me fully conscious but
immobilizes my body. Ben will be down here any second now."

Moriarty: "Oh really, well I have left the front door unlocked so Ben can get
here in his own good time. Until then, we can take advantage of this to get to
know each other better my dear."

Without waiting for her answer, he placed his left arm around her waist and
pulled her towards him. Rachel desperately cried out: "if you even lay a finger
on me I will scream, and you know I am supposed to call the agency at the start
of every assignment to let them know I am ok. If they do not here from me, this
place will be crawling with cops in no time."

Moriarty gave a casual wave of his arm: "Fine, if you want to invite the
authorities over, I have no objections, lets see whether they come at all. But
in the mean time, lets see if your body is as hostile to me as you are. As for
screaming, no one will hear you in this secluded part of the woods"

Rachel watched helplessly as Moriarty's fingers followed the contours of her
neck slowly down to her cleavage. The drug had immobilized her body without
depriving it of the sense of touch. She felt his fingers fumbling for the zip at
the back of her gown, finding it and drawing it slowly down the back of her
dress.

Moriarty's eyes widened in lust as the dress slipped down her upper torso to
reveal Rachel's perfectly shaped breast barely covered in the sheer silky white
bra. She knew that the expensive fabric was so sheer that her nipples it hardly
concealed her nipples.

"Mmmm, very nice, I can see fine genes has endowed you with perfectly sized
champagne shaped breasts. And my but they are very sensitive to touch too."
Moriarty followed the contours of her right breast with his fingers, moving up
to find her nipple, he gently took hold of it between his long finger nails and
squeezed and tickled them through the silk fabric.

Rachel shuddered as she felt the sensitive nipple harden partially under his
teasing touch: "Please stop, I don't feel well at all."

Moriarty laughed: "It looks like your body does not quite agree with you
Rachel." Kneeling in front of her, his right hand found her left breast and
proceeded to squeeze the nipple through the silk fabric of her bra. She watched
helplessly as the right nipple involuntarily became partially erect under his
teasing caress.

Moriarty continued: "You see Rachel, your body reveals your inner most desires
to me much like an open book, so I can see beyond your facade."

His hands momentarily left her breasts as he reached behind her to unfasten the
hook of her bra. She again tried to at least will her body to shy away from him,
but the drug had done its job well, leaving her with no control of any part of
her anatomy from the neck down. All she could do was to turn her head and open
and close her eyes.

She watched helplessly as he discarded her bra. His jaws became slack as he
fixed his gaze on her breasts. "Oh what exquisite perfection, perfect form and
texture" he muttered in a dazed state under his breath, licking his lips in
hungry anticipation.

Rachel's body was totally defenseless as her arms lay flaccidly on her side
unable to fend of Moriarty. He buried his head in her bosoms breathing in her
alluring fragrance, before moving his tongue and mouth to her right breast,
covering it with wet kisses and moving slowly up the rise before finally
settling on her nipple. "Oh how soft, like a baby's bottom, and so fragrant" he
muttered before circling it with his warm wet tongue and drawing it into his
mouth.

She flinched involuntarily as the warm wet tongue made first contact with her
nipple, and noticed that the drug did not influence her involuntary muscles and
functions like her breathing and heart-rate. Of cause this did not do her any
good, if anything, she preferred to have a unfeeling body.

"This couch is too uncomfortable, I think you would prefer to be in a fully
reclined position." Moriarty swiftly lifted her limp and unresponsive body and
carried her to the huge operating table. He was surprisingly strong for his age
and he gently lay her supple form onto the metallic table.

She flinched as the cold metallic surface of the immense table made contact with
her sensitive bare flesh. On closer inspection, Rachel now noticed that the
table was equipped on either sides with leather restraints and shackles.
Moriarty followed her gaze to the leather restraints: "Don't worry my dear, the
drug will remain in your system for another 4 hours, so we won't be needing
those."

Her body remained limp and powerless as he quickly removed her gown, panties and
shoes, raising both her arms above her head and spreading her legs wide open.
She felt the brush of cool air between her legs exposed as the last piece of
garment was removed, leaving her totally naked in a spread eagled position.
Moriarty had a clear unobstructed view of the most intimate parts of her
anatomy. How she wished she could at least bring her arms down to cover her
modesty, but they remained flaccidly unresponsive above her head.

Moriarty stood back again to admire her supple delicate form, following her
elegant feet up her long lithe legs which joined with her small waist and flat
stomach, traveling up to the delicate shapely curves of her breasts. She was
perfection, no blemishes or lines on her body, so painfully and breath-takingly
beautiful.

He approached her dormant form again, running his hands up along her slender
legs, as his fingers traced a delicate path along her inner thighs, he delighted
in the feel of the soft young skin beneath his touch. A shudder ran through her
as she felt his roaming fingers traveling up her thighs, the skin became more
sensitive and moist to the touch as Moriarty's hands inched slowly towards that
most sensitive and intimate area between her legs.  

But they moved on above it as Moriarty ignored the sweet nexus for the moment.
He clambered onto the huge table and straddled her sitting on her flat stomach,
taking time again to explore her upper body. His fingers trailed up the sides of
her slender body to the side of her breast, moving upward to explore the inner
sides of her raised upper arms. Bending forward he began to place wet kisses on
her right arm, moving slowly down to her exposed arm-pit.

Pausing briefly, he studied this intimate region closely, before burying his
nose and mouth directly onto the damp sensitive cleft. Moriarty's mouth moved
like a warm wet slug around this region, where her scent glands were
concentrated, breathing in her musky natural fragrance.

For Rachel, the ticklish sensation was unbearable, she was extremely ticklish
especially around the arm-pit, and ordinarily the slightest brush along this
region would have her contorting in uncontrollable fits of laughter. However in
her current immobilized state her body was an unresponsive alien vehicle and
holding her prisoner and captive to whatever sensations Moriarty inflicted upon
it.

Moriarty knew he had all the time in the world, and he proceeded to pod and
explore every nook and cranny of her body unhurriedly. After what seemed an
eternity, his roaming mouth returned to her left breast and he again took hold
of the sensitive nipple, flicking at it with his warm wet tongue before
encompassing it entirely in his mouth and sucking continuously on it. When he
finally released it, it was covered in his saliva and Rachel watched in dismay
as the nipple rose to full erection under his insistent mouth. He laughed in
triumph as he proceeded to subject her right nipple to the same treatment. In no
time, both nipples were standing fully erect.

"You see Rachel, it appears that despite your oral objections, your body has a
mind of its own." Moriarty laughed.

Rachel spat back: "You are wrong, I feel nothing but utter disgust and loathing
for you."

"Do you?  Lets see if you body feels the same way shall we?" laughed Moriarty as
he shifted his weight and moved down below her legs. She could feel his hands
spreading her legs further apart, further exposing that most intimate part of
her. As she sensed his breath caressing her moist entrance, she mentally
prepared herself for the physical assault that would surely follow.

But what happened next took her by surprise. Moriarty started to kiss the
sensitive soft skin her inner thighs, taking in her moist fragrance, as he
slowly but surely advanced towards her orifice. He did not hurry but proceeded
at a leisurely pace. As he neared her entrance, he could sense the moist heat
that radiated from between her legs. He lingered briefly just at the dewy
entrance, examining the fine pink delicate crack that was covered by a small
turf of fine pubic hair. Mere millimeters away from the small opening he
detected the musky sweet odor that was her most intimate scent, full of sensual
promise. "Ahhh Rachel, this smell and taste, there is none like that of a
beautiful young women."

Rachel's heart was in her mouth as she wondered what he would do next. She
flinched involuntarily when she felt the tip of his tongue tickling the entrance
of her vagina. "No, not there please, I am very sensitive there, please."

"I know Rachel, but your body will soon learn to enjoy this sweet torment, trust
me." He laughed softly as he parted her vagina with his fingers and dipped his
tongue further into the fine pink opening. Moriarty could feel Rachel's body
tense as he lingered in this region, and her apparent discomfort gave him
further encouragement to explore the region.

Moving his snaking tongue further up her vagina, he finally found the small
sensitive nub that was her clitoris and stopped just shot of it. Rachel's
anxiety had been growing as she felt his snaking tongue moving upwards towards
her clitoris. "Please stop, please, I do not feel well." She begged again.

But he turned a deaf ear on her pleas as he fastened  his tongue directly onto
the sensitive small nub. Rachel's body jerked violently and she begged again:
"Please, not there please, of all places not there." His only answer was to
continue his assault, again and again his snaking tongue found the sensitive
nub, lashing at it repeatedly. Rachel could feel a moist heat awakening in her
loins as liquid fire consumed her. Moriarty paused for awhile and was pleased to
observe that under his ministrations, the small nub had expanded filled with
blood, and was now fully erect. This made it easier to seek out and he took the
entire nub into his warm wet mouth, sucking on it gently like a sweet.

This provoked an immediate and violent reaction from Rachel as her body almost
jerked off the table. He could hear the sharp inhalation of her breath, but he
did not stop as he continued to suck on the erect small nub, massaging it within
his mouth with his tongue. A warm musky wetness invaded his mouth as he tasted
the first unmistakable signs of her arousal.

"Oh my god, what's happening to me, what are you doing...god please stop teasing
me, you are driving me insane." She muttered weakly. Already she could feel the
burning fire between her legs spreading swiftly to engulf the rest of her limp
but responsive body. A growing hunger consumed her as she fought to resist the
sweet torment that Moriarty was inflicting upon her.

Moriarty could feel her body tense again as he rolled the small hard nub between
his tongue. Inserting an index finger into her dewy entrance, he was pleased to
note that her vagina was wet and sticky with her liquid excitement. "Why are you
fighting your own body's inner most desires Rachel? Give into it, bend with the
wind."

"Fuck-off you pervert, you disgust me." She answered back weakly. But his only
response was to gently take her clitoris between his teeth, and grind them
gently. The sensation was unbearable for Rachel as the intense feeling
multiplied ten fold, pushing her over the edge. As the intense orgasm consumed
her, Rachel curse her body for its weakness.

Moriarty stopped at last as he felt her body going rigid above him. "Now that
was not so bad was it my love?" he crooned almost lovingly. "You see, all it
takes is a talented mouth and tongue to reduce you to a quivering mass of molten
lust, in spite of all your verbal protests you are still the hostage of your
body's physical desires."

As her world stopped spinning, Rachel shook her head in denial. She could not
believe what just occurred. Her body floated blissfully beneath her, still
powerless, but also spent and drained. A fine sheen of sweat covered her from
head to foot, how could an old man push her to such explosive results merely
with the flick of his tongue.

Moriarty returned to the side of her spent body, lowering his face again to her
left arm-pit, he ran his tongue along the cleft that was damp with her
perspiration, lapping up the tiny beads of sweat and savoring the salty taste.

Rachel felt utterly revolted: "You disgust me, you sick pervert, you are a
freak, a defect of nature."

Moriarty seemed taken aback when he heard this. "So you think I am disgusting do
you. Well let me introduce you to some of my pets, my creations, perhaps that
may change your mind-set." He smiled as he moved away from the huge table and
touched a lever on the control panel.

Rachel could feel the table vibrating slightly before the ceiling appeared to
slowly rise. With a shock she realized that an immense opening had appeared
beneath the table and the entire table was slowly descending into it.

---------------------Scene Shift To Dungeon Below---------------------




Chapter 6: Nightmare Creatures

It seemed an eternity before Rachel felt the table come to a halt. Through the
thick veil of darkness that engulfed her, her heightened senses indicated she
was not alone. Her ears detected faint movement in the distance. As her eyes
slowly adjusted to the pitch dark environment, her nostril detected the foul
stench of death and decay. Slowly she was able to make sense of the shapes and
shadows in the darkness.

She realized that she now lay in the center of a circular dungeon which was
surrounded by 4-5 heavy oak doors. Several CCTV cameras were positioned on
various corners of the room, no doubt relaying images back to Moriarty's lab
above. Moriarty's voice pierced through the darkness; "Ahh Rachel, the time has
come to introduce you to some of my creations, you should be honoured that you
are part of this historical event."

Rachel: "You are mad, what are you raving about you lunatic."

Moriarty laughed: "The divide between sheer brilliance and utter lunacy is a
very thin one Rachel. Tonight we will bring together elements from two different
worlds and species which will produce a new supreme line of evolution. Now the
moment has come."

Rachel heard a slight click as Moriarty depressed a button, and she could see
one of the heavy oak doors swinging slowly open. Almost immediately it released
a foul odour, giving a hint of what would emerge from its unholy depths. Still
immobilized by Moriarty's cocktail, she could only peer anxiously into its dark
interior but she was not able to make out any shape immediately.

Something inhuman stirred within and she heard what sounded like a heavy body
slowly and ponderously being dragged across the floor. It did not sound human,
or even alive and her heart was in her mouth as mortal terror engulfed her.

Then she caught her first glimpse of the macabre horror. It's face emerged
slowly from the darkness, and Rachel let loose an ear piercing scream.  It had
the shrunken head of a man, with a few strands of hair on its withered
emancipated skin, but the rest of it defied description. The thing had no neck,
its head was joined immediately to a thick slug like torso. As it finally came
within full visual range, she could see that it resembled a huge pink slug,
slowly pushing itself painfully along the floor with two human hands
. 
Moriarty's voice crackled form the overhead intercom: "Ahh I see you have met my
first creation, Igor. He is the result of splicing and recombining genes and DNA
of the common slug with human DNA. Most of Igor's anatomy is that of the common
slug. But his mind and cognitive skills are those of a 7 year old boy, and like
any human boy he also likes sweet things, which is why he is making a bee line
for you my sweet."

Rachel called out desperately: "Please what is it you want, I will do anything
but please stop whatever it is you are doing please." She begged.

Moriarty laughed again: "Well my dear its not that simple. Igor is now almost 5
years old, and he is sexually mature, for a slug at least. But I need to find
out how he reproduces. Of cause he cannot mate with another slug, that's
physically impossible given his massive size human side, and it is not
surprising at all that he is attracted to homosapien females. Which also
confirms my theory that sexual procreation is at least 50% mental in nature.
Igor likes watching the TV, especially the Playboy channels, but off late he has
became very sexually frustrated, and that's where you come in tonight my sweet."

Igor had now made its way to the edge of the table and Rachel could feel the
table shake as it proceeded to hoist its immense bulk up on to the ledge. As it
emerged over the edge of the table, and drew level with her, she finally saw the
creature in its entirety up close. Igor was even more repulsive. She could feel
the putrid stench of its breath as it moved still closer to her helpless form.
But all Rachel could do was to turn her face away in disgust. The rest of her
body still lay paralyzed and dormant, under the influence of Moriarty's drug.

Instinctively, Igor wondered from her face, its flared nostrils and fork like
serpent's tongue quickly detected Rachel's musky fragrance and it slithered over
to her exposed right arm-pit, where much of her scent glands were concentrated.
The fine wet tongue flicked across Rachel's sensitive cleft as Igor's webbed
fingers grasped  her breasts and nipples. Its movement was slow and ponderous,
and Rachel realized Igor was cold blooded like a reptile.

Moriarty's voice filtered over the intercom: "So my dear you have met Igor, but
as it is cold blooded, I have to raise the humidity levels and ambient
temperature of the room to above 36 degrees to er...start its juices flowing. So
don't get alarmed when things get a lot warmer." He laughed.

Almost immediately she could feel the air around her growing warmer. Igor had
now moved slowly down her right side and started tracing the gentle contours of
her breast with its cold wet tongue. It was a long thin flexible appendage and
it soon found the tip of her breast and coiled itself around her unresponsive
right nipple. Rachel shut her eyes tightly as she felt the cold wet slimy touch
of the creature against her bare skin as it moved over stomach to seek out her
left breast.

Moriarty suddenly appeared beside her with a syringe in hand. With her eyes
shut, she had neither seen nor heard his approach. He smiled malevolently at
her: "You don't seem to be having a good time Rachel. Given a chance, Igor can
be an infinitely better lover than a conventional human being. Well, here's
something to also "kick start" your juices again."

Rachel: "No, please, you have already pumped me full of drugs, no more please."

But he ignored her pleas as he applied the needle to her unresisting arm. She
grimaced as she felt the painful sting of the needle. After long seconds he
withdrew the syringe, and droplets of blood formed on the small punctured wound.
"Igor can clean that up, I have just given you an aphrodisiac, it will increase
your sense organs ten fold, you will have quite a blast I assure you."

Almost immediately, Rachel could feel her pulse rate accelerate. Every pore on
her skin seemed to come alive and her body temperature also rose. Moriarty
chuckled in triumph as he saw Rachel's previously unresponsive left nipple
becoming partially erect as Igor's forked tongue coiled itself around the now
sensitive nub and lashed again and again at the tip. In short seconds, the
nipple had grown to full erection.

With her accelerated pulse and metabolic rate, Rachel's body temperature climbed
and fine beads of perspiration appeared on her skin as her sweat glands became
active. The cocktail of drugs also affected her ability to focus and concentrate
and lowered her mental resistance.

Moriarty's voice drifted into her hazy mind again: "Well Rachel its time to
introduce you to the rest of the "family", they are all very eager to meet you."

She sensed rather then heard more dungeon doors sliding open, and the scampering
of inhuman feet and claws. A huge ape like creature took its place on her right
side and started lapping at her right breast and nipple with its warm wet
tongue. She cursed as she felt a bolt of electricity shooting through her as the
nipple was coaxed unwillingly to full erection.

Webbed fingers and claws parted her flaccid legs, and more eager wet tongues
traced the sensitive inner soles of her ankles, moving slowly to the most
intimate region between her legs. Rachel again tried to will her legs shut, but
paralyzed by Moriarty's cocktail, they remained wide open rendering her totally
vulnerable to the assault by the demons.

She flinched sharply as she felt a thin forked tongue make contact with the
entrance of her vagina, and realized that Igor had repositioned its misshapen
head between her legs, while another insect like creature (like a giant fly) had
taken its place by her left side and fastened its long beak around her left
nipple. Rachel's mind was in a state of chaos, under the numbing influence of
the aphrodisiac, she felt warm wet tongues, claws and hands everywhere on her
body, prodding and exploring her most intimate places, slowly teasing her
unwilling body into a state of sexual frenzy.

They took their time to explore every nook and cranny of her body, teasing and
prodding her, lingering in her most sensitive and intimate regions, and she was
at their complete mercy. She inhaled sharply as Igor's roaming tongue finally
found her clitoris. It quickly coiled itself around the small sensitive nub,
teasing it mercilessly again and again. Rachel felt a warm urgent wetness
between her legs as her body succumbs inevitably to the combined assault which
totally overwhelmed her senses.

For a second time this evening a delicious warmth engulfed her body. But this
time, the need for release was a hundred times more urgent. She cried out in
frustration as the fork like tongue continued its merciless assault on her
quivering clitoris. The sensitive organ was already fully erect, but Igor's
tongue was far more flexible and dexterous then any human tongue and it was able
to tease the quivering nub into a state of heightened sexual frenzy, as it
coiled itself in an even more intimate embrace around Rachel's clitoris.

Moriarty took hold of the scene from the vantage of his CCTV. It was like a
massive orgy scene from the very depths of hell. Rachel's supple form was now
buried beneath 4 of his devilish creations who were in a feeding frenzy. Only
her head was visible as she turned it from side to side under silent protest.

He checked to ensure that the entire scene was recorded on tape. That was the
deal he had with Madame Tussard. And he had to admit it really worked out very
well. Except that he could not guarantee if the sanity of the subject would be
compromised after this assignment.

Another nameless faceless lizard like aberration joined Igor caressing Rachel's
left inner thighs with clammy webbed fingers. She detected the Lizard's pungent
odor and moaned as it's forked tongue found her engorged clitoris. Its touch was
a thousand times more intimate then a human tongue, as if penetrating her every
pore, caressing her nerve endings with microscopic fingers. The sweet torment
was overwhelming her and she felt and will and resistance crumbling fast under
its provocative seduction.

"Please don't tease me down there, you are driving me crazy!!!...Oh god.." she
pleaded. But her pleas fell on deaf ears.

A slow narcotic desire seeped through her reluctant flesh as another forked
tongue wound around her thigh. The Lizard sent questing fingers to explore the
folds of her labia. Igor moved slightly to the side, allowing the Lizard to join
it. Rachel shuddered as  this new tormentor lashed out at her clitoris. Both
forked tongues entered into an elaborate sensual dance with her small engorged
nub, teasing it mercilessly as others explored her anus.

Like tendrils they caressed her clit, tentatively at first, then bolder,
undulating with an unflinching rhythm that soon had her shuddering helplessly on
the edge of orgasm. Other tendrils wormed their way up her vagina, swelling to
fill her while another slid into her anus. Unconsciously, she bucked her hips
straining against invisible ropes and the slick sanguineous embrace.   

Rachel was barely conscious now as her feverish body had a will of its own,
responding to an overwhelming intense need for sexual release that over-rode all
else. But there was no end in sight as the nightmarish creatures around her
stoked the smoldering flames within her, feeding her hunger, slowly unleashing a
primordial lust that had lain dormant within her genetic matrix for hundreds of
years, buried under centuries of evolution.

Her pupils were dilated as her system was on the verge of nervous shock, kept on
only by the cocktail of drugs Moriarty had pumped into her. In her sexual
frenzy, her fists were clenched and her body was covered in a fine sheen of
sweat and perspiration as the intense waves that engulfed her rose to higher and
higher heights.

Suddenly she shuddered violently as the Lizard extended it fine tail into the
moist and dewy entrance of her vagina. The final invasion was too much for
Rachel and tipped her over the edge of the immense orgasm. Her body tensed
convulsively, her back arching off the table as the massive release overwhelmed
her. With his tongue buried deep within Rachel, Igor could taste her musky
wetness and feel the violent spasms as her vagina contracted again and again.

Rachel had expected a quick release, but she realized with a shock that this was
no ordinary orgasm. Each wave of pleasure was immediately replaced by another
wave of higher magnitude and intensity, with no end in sight. Her body was
racked by one convulsive spasm after another, sending her into an endless spiral
into the sexual abyss.

After long minutes, she was on the verge of losing consciousness when she the
final orgasmic wave took hold. It eclipsed all her previous orgasms in intensity
and magnitude sending a massive surge of electricity through her. Her body
bucked violently as every muscle in her body was gripped in spasms and Rachel
screamed in rapture.

The contractions in her vagina were so intense, it felt like her entire vagina
was turning itself inside-out. Igor watched in fascination as the delicate pink,
petal like lips of her vagina opened and closed on their own, like the mouth of
fish starved of air, ejaculating a clear liquid from within. Eagerly it covered
Rachel's vagina with its mouth and lapped up the love syrup.

The incredible orgasms had lasted almost 20 minutes, as her sweat slick body
finally settled back on the table top, in blissful oblivion. But Rachel had no
time to rest as Igor now clambered on-top of her inert form. From between his
shriveled legs sprang a massive phallus almost 12 inches long. It was throbbing
obscenely with its tip capped with a clear drop of semen as he mounted her.

Her last ordeal had totally drained her and she felt empty and exhausted. But
they would give her no respite. She moaned as her swollen vagina stretched to
accommodate the massive organ. "No, not again, oh my god.." she protested
weakly.

Moriarty's nightmarish creations were not done with her yet, it was only the
beginning. Her series of massive orgasms had also released her female pheromones
which were now detected by Moriarty's creations. It was like an aphrodisiac for
them and they became more agitated and violent.

Because of Igor's sheer bulk, she could only satisfy one demon at a time. The
other 4-5 creatures grew restless and returned to feasting on her sweat slick
body. This time however they wanted more. The Ape had detected the small wound
caused by Moriarty's syringe and lapped at the mixture of sweat and blood from
the small opening. It triggered a blood lust in the Ape's primitive senses which
added to its mounting sexual urge. The Ape moved down Rachel's sweat slick body,
savouring her musky fragrance, before settling again on her right breast. Not
content any more with merely running its tongue against the smooth contours of
her breast, it bit down savagely on the still erect nipple.

The sudden intense pain jolted Rachel back to full consciousness as she let
loose an ear piercing scream, which only served to encourage the other
participants. The Lizard clambered onto her left breast and bit down savagely on
to the tender nipple. Rivulets of blood trickled from her tormented nipples, but
neither creatures released their hold over her tortured nipples, sucking noisily
on the open wounds and hungrily taking in the rivulets of blood that trailed
from her tortured tip.

The agony from her nipples were replaced soon by a searing new pain as Igor
painfully forced the entire massive phallus into her small vagina, filling her
to the hilt. She felt a ripping pain as Igor managed to shove the entire phallus
into the small opening. The massive slug like creature closed its beady eyes as
it savoured the warm wet embrace of Rachel's vagina around its massive deformed
phallus.

Reacting purely on instinct, its primitive brain sent signals to its muscles and
Igor began to move slowly back and forth, in a slow pumping rhythm. Each thrust
was accompanied by a searing pain as the massive organ stretched the sensitive
walls of her vagina beyond its limits. After several pumps, Igor found the entry
easier as Rachel's vagina was still slick and well lubricated from her recent
orgasms. The slug moved forward, slamming its full massive weight between her
legs as it increased the pace and tempo of the coupling.

There was silence now the room was filled only by the obscene sounds of feasting
and grunts, and the wet slapping sounds as Rachel's body shook like a rag doll
from the massive thrust of the slug, held in place only by the Lizard and the
Ape which were still sucking on her tormented nipples.   

In her pain filled world, she drifted slowly in and out of consciousness as the
coupling went on and on. Then suddenly, she a felt the now familiar urgent need
again building deep within her. She cried out hopelessly as she willed her body
to quell the inner stirrings within her loins. She had already been betrayed
twice this evening by her unresponsive body and she did not want a third defeat
to follow, especially in the hands of these deformed freaks of nature.

The increased tempo of the coupling only served to excite Igor further.
Incredibly, its massive organ began to expand further. This time however the
increased pain only fanned the flames within Rachel, blurring the threshold
between pain and sheer pleasure. Each jolt of pain was accompanied by a rising
urgency which signaled the first tell tale signs of another approaching orgasm.
"Damm, damm, damm" She mentally cursed her unresponsive body as tears of
frustration and humiliation flooded her eyes.

But Rachel also noticed Igor's laboured breaths, which came in great gulps. The
massive slug could not keep up the assertion, it had been engaged in the
coupling for almost an hour now and was fast running out of reserves. Perhaps
there was hope that it would spend itself before she reached another orgasm.

Rachel's prayers appeared to be answered as she felt the blob above her suddenly
tense. It lifted its deformed head high, opening its jaws in a silent scream as
it gave a final massive thrust of its phallus, driving it deep into Rachel's
vagina. Almost immediately, she could feel the powerful jets of sperm as the
huge phallus emptied its liquid contents deep within her. The milky white sperm
mixed with her own vagina juices and trickled down her vagina walls as Igor
withdrew its now shriveled phallus, with a wet plop, from within her.

But her joy was short-lived. With a swipe of its massive arms, the Ape shoved
the flaccid body of the slug aside and eagerly took position between her legs.
Rachel's heart sank as its huge penis sprang into view. Unlike Igor's tool, the
Ape's phallus was covered in ridges, and it measured 12 inches in length.

Without hesitation he inserted the massive pennies into Rachel's still wet
vagina. The sudden entry squeezed excess sperm out from the sides as the huge
penis filled her to the hilt again. Seizing hold of her sweat slick buttons, the
ape began to pump into her like a pneumatic drill. Rachel was aware of the
ridges of its penis as it made contact with the sensitive walls of her vagina,
tickling it, and coaxing her tired insides into a state of arousal again.

And so the coupling went on for another hour before the huge ape let loose an
earth shattering cry and released its load of semen deep within her. She could
feel the warm powerful jets of semen shooting deep into her, mixing with Igor's
sperm and her own vagina secretions.

There was no respite for her as the Ape was replaced by the Lizard, who was in a
foul mood, having waited 2 hours for its turn. Rachel was only half conscious
when it mounted her. Its penis was perhaps only 9-10 inches in length and not as
huge as the Igor's or the Ape's. But the Lizard was not content with just a
usual coupling. It lifted Rachel's bruised and battered body, re-positioning it
to expose her anus, and with a casual twist of its long tail, he drove tip of
the tail deep into her anus.

Rachel was taken by complete surprise, she could feel the tail rubbing with the
penis through the walls of her anus and vagina as the Lizard proceeded to pound
her mercilessly with both organs.

The metallic surface of the immense table was now slippery with a mixture of
sweat, semen and blood, and the Lizard was having difficulty keeping her sweat
slick body in place as it slid back and forth over the table. But the Fly was
patiently waiting its turn and held her torso in place.

By now, what had started as a small flame within Rachel, had now become a raging
inferno threatening again to overwhelm and consume her. Her body was tired and
spent, and she knew she could not last another hour before the fever within her
engulfed her again.

Maintaining a firm grip on her torso, the Lizard bent its long neck towards her
sperm covered vagina and extended its long, thin, forked tongue once again. The
tongue made a bee-line for Rachel's distended clitoris and wrapped itself once
again in a close embrace around the tender nub.

Rachel cried out in despair as she recognized what it was doing. As its tail and
penis penetrated her again and again, stimulating the walls of her vagina and
anus, its forked tongue lashed repeatedly at her clitoris, teasing it
mercilessly to full erection as the tiny nub filled again with blood. Unable to
control the raging torrents within, Rachel gave-in to the delicious, familiar
warmth that again engulfed her.

The Lizard increased the tempo as it detected increased wetness in her vagina,
signaling Rachel's arousal. And then it happened again for what seemed like
countless times this evening, her tormentor was able to conquer her will,
coaxing her resisting, exhausted body to achieve sexual climax.

But while her previous orgasms were achieved under clitoral simulation, the
intensity and length of her latest rapture was magnified by the Lizard's
simultaneous assault on her vagina, anus and clitoris. Unable to contain the
extended inhuman copulation, Rachel's body was wracked in painful contortions as
the intense waves of pleasure radiated from her loins and quickly cascaded over
the rest of her, sending every muscle in her body into convulsive spasms.

Rachel's back arched off the table, thrusting her erect nipples outward and
upwards in reckless abandonment as her eyes rolled back into her head. So
intense was the pleasure it seemed almost painful. Unable to endure and contain
the rapture, her face contorted with mouth open in a silent passionate scream as
her feverish body was totally consumed by the fire from within.

The Lizard timed the moment to perfection as it gave a final thrust of its penis
into Rachel, grunting as it felt the intimate embrace of her vagina walls
milking its organ. In its final moments, it released strong jets of sperm,
adding to the already copious amounts of ape and slug semen deposited in
Rachel's vagina by Igor and the Ape. Intoxicated with pain and pleasure, she
hardly noticed it as the Lizard emptied its semen into her, shooting jet after
jet of liquid semen in a never ending stream into her.

After what seemed an eternity, it finally emptied its contents and withdrew its
member with a wet plop from Rachel's cum soaked vagina. Excess semen was leaking
liberally from the puckered lips of her tortured hole as it quivered from the
final throes of the final orgasm. But Rachel had long since lost consciousness.
The last orgasm had been so intense that it had simply overwhelmed her senses,
sending her into a state of shock and blissful oblivion.

It was just as well for her as the Fly eagerly took up its mating position over
her unconscious inert form. Unlike the others, it did not require a conscious
host.




Chapter 7; Birth of a New Species.

Moriarty clapped his hands in glee as the video camera continued to record the
macabre hellish scene below. The CCTV now showed the Fly hoisting Rachel's
unconscious body and carrying her back into its dark reclusive cell. Madame
Tussard would pay a king's ransom for this take he thought as casually pushed
another button which switched the view to the dark gruesome interior of the
Fly's cell. The Fly would probably cocoon her and take its turn with her in a
slow, lingering ritualistic courtship which may last several days.

And of cause after that Moriarty would also eagerly wait for Rachel to bear the
fruits of her labour, with much anticipation. By then, she would have mated with
all of his creations, and he was certain that at least one (if not more) of his
children would prove to be genetically compatible with her human DNA, seeing the
birth of a new superior bloodline and species.

-THE END-

  By Mellaniehewlitt@hotmail.com




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Mellanie Hewlitt


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





