BDSM Library - Paying For It




Paying For It
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The story of a woman kidnapped & held captive by a couple used for their own satisfaction & pleasure.  She learns first hand about things she thought didn't exist.  Gradually they break her will & all taboos turning her into the slutpet they want.
Paying For It



   And the winner is................



Part1



God it's hot in this office Leanna thought to herself as she organized things
around her, she knew which items she'd need today, and they'd talked about this
enough.  Chuckling quietly to herself she realized the office wasn't hot at all,
it was her starting to get a little excited imagining the hour or so to come. 
Positioning the web cam towards her a little more she poked out her tongue
ruefully and then smiled at her reflection... nice she thought.  Long dark hair
looked wonderful; she made a note to use that hairdresser again.  Turned the
computer on and quickly connected to the web a quick glance at her watch told
her it was almost 1pm, she was mentally rubbing her hands in anticipation.  She
blinked her baby blues hastily opening IRC, it wouldn't do to be late today, lo
& behold the dcc session request appeared immediately, checking her watch she
saw it was a few seconds after 1pm at that she bit her lip and quickly removed
her dressing gown and watch sitting naked in front of the computer, she silently
thanked whoever or whatever invented the net (where else can you have
danger-free fun like this!!).  Her nipples were already showing what was in her
mind, she absently tweaked them gently.



Copy of the dcc session saved on Leanna's computer, found 1month later



Jake: you're late slut

Emmie: I'm sorry; I don't know where the time went

Jake: Whatever.......get the web cam on, I want to see you as I speak to you

Jake: That's better, hmmm had your hair done in honour of the occasion eh?
*laughs nastily*

Emmie blushes

Emmie: Yes Sir

Jake: Did you get the items?

Emmie: Yes Sir, clothes pegs x4, wooden spoon, inflatable butt plug, toothpaste
(?) and a permanent marker pen.

Jake: Good, well let's get you started then, point the camera down slightly it
looks like you're trying to hide your tits. And stand up I want to check I can
see your arse and cunt when I want to...

Jake: good girl, mind you, your cunt isn't shaved, if you were mine it would be
you can be assured of that.

Emmie blushes

Jake: lmafo at your blushes, lets see how you feel after our session eh?

Jake: right, 1st things 1st, what are you?

Jake: for Gods sake, how difficult is it? What are you?

Emmie: urm a woman? (I don't understand the question)

Jake: Wrong answer for the next hour you're my cyberslut, a tart, a whore, my
whore.  GET IT!!

Jake: What are you?

Emmie: a slut, a whore, a tart *blushes bright red*

Jake: so get that pen to good use, write that on your tits & tummy, in big
letters, I want to watch you mark yourself a slut.

Emmie: But it's a permanent marker......

Jake: And your point is.....? Get it done or we end it here

Jake: that's my slut, well done, now get the clothes pegs onto your nipples and
they'd better be brand new wooden ones too, I can see your nipples are ready.

Emmie winces in pain as she puts a peg on each nipple

Jake: press 'em tight then get the other 2 and clip them to the others so it's
doubly tight. Get on with it you stupid bitch.

Jake smiles

Jake: nice that looks good on you, hurts doesn't it?  It's gonna hurt more in a
minute, stand up and angle the camera upwards, now jog on the spot, I'll tell
you when to stop.  I want to see your tits bounce & your nipples get stretched a
bit.

Jake: I didn't say stop you stupid cow, my God why am I bothering with a useless
trollop like you??? Get jogging, knees up higher I want to see you sweat.

Jake: Now keep jogging and pick up the spoon, slap your tits with it, remember I
can hear so they'd better be good n loud. I think five each should do for now
1.........2........ That doesn't count, do it again harder
.........3.........4.......now for the last one smack the pegs off your nipple,
same thing other tit. Mmmmmmm better, bright red nipples now.

Emmie gasps in pain *thank you Sir*

Jake: the curtains are open in your room aren't they?

Emmie: Yes Sir

Jake: Good point the camera towards the window and go and walk past it NOW!!! I
want anyone in your street to know what a slut you are, go and walk naked past
the window 4 times on the last time stand there in the middle for 15secs, I'll
be timing you.

Jake: Right get the butt plug and get it into your arse and then turn and bend
your arse to the camera so I can see it there and pump it up as much as you can,
I want to see your arse accommodate it.

Jake: Not bad, take it out and rub toothpaste all over its shaft, then get it
back inside and pumped up again and then sit at the edge of the chair with you
legs up on the desk spread nice & wide, just like the whore you are!

Emmie: oh Sir, it hurts, it scratches & is too cold & too hot at the same time.

Jake: If I was there you'd get such a slap for that, shut up bitch, as if I care
that it hurts you.  Pick up the spoon and slap your cunt. DO IT NOW SLAG!

Jake: again, in fact, fuck it, keep going for 10 lets see your cunt lips swell a
bit.  Get the toothpaste and rub some onto your fingers and then coat the lips
of your pussy with it.  That's it baby use plenty lets get your pussy all nice
and sticky and sore.

Emmie whimpers a little but does as she's told.

Jake: Now same fingers but rub them on your clit, play with your clit for
me....ahhh that's my good girl....keep going, let's see you cum

Emmie cums gasping in pain & excitement

Jake: God you disgust me, look at you splayed like a bitch on heat waiting for
the local mongrels to come along and fuck you in turn, you really are a slut,
fuck I wouldn't even pay to touch you.

Jake: piss yourself right there on the chair, I want to see you let go totally.



Well, enough's enough Leanna said to herself as she turned off the computer I've
not wet myself since being a child and I ain't starting now.   Smiling she
glanced down at her body thinking how the bloody hell am I gonna get this marker
pen off me?  Shrugging she reaches for her robe and opened the office door,
Sarion of course is laid patiently waiting outside, it's important to have a
good guard dog when you live in the country as she does, which is precisely why
standing at the window stark naked didn't bother her at all.  No need to tell
Jake that though was there, she shakes her head what a sad bastard he must be,
thinking she was going to publicly humiliate herself so he could wank over it
later..Yeah right, still what the eye don't see the heart don't grieve for or
something like that anyway.  Patting the big rotteweiler's head as she goes past
Leanna heads for the bathroom to shower and to get that infernal plug out of
her, damn she thought, that's going on the list of things not to do, I'm far too
fond of myself for that.





Following the shower Leanna felt back to her usual self, well except for the
marks on her chest and tummy which no matter how hard she scrubbed wouldn't
shift, I guess that's dating out of the window for awhile,  ha ha Leanna who are
you trying to kid, like you have time or the inclination for dating at the
moment she said to herself.  Only recently moved into her country retreat she
now ran her PR Company from home, the last relationship she'd had ended
unpleasantly with her finding her boyfriend in his bed with her best friend. 
Her only company at the moment was Sarion, which was the way she wanted it,
she'd distanced herself from her few other friends and moved out here without
telling anyone except her PA.  time alone to sort out her feeling and plans for
the future was what she needed. Since being orphaned at the age of 11 Leanna had
learnt to rely on herself and wasn't afraid of her own company.  In fact the
solitary life she led was the way she liked it, no one else to consider, total
control over the way she lived, Jake was her only little indulgence and let's
face it, the internet doesn't count does it?





Part2



Lunch first then work, look after no.1 was leanna's new motto so after a lovely
lunch of poached salmon and new potatoes she headed towards the office.  Just as
she sat down there was a knock at her door, who the bloody hell is that? She
asked herself as she peeked out of her window, ahhh the DHL guy, Sarema her PA
must have got the papers ready early for the Robbson account, as Leanna opened
the door she was taken aback at the size of the man, standing 5''9" barefoot
meant she wasn't used to looking up at people, Lord, he must be 6'2" or more and
not bad looking either.  She didn't notice that Sarion wasn't in his run as
usual, a mistake she was going to regret for some time.  Looking up she met a
pair of piercing green eyes, distracted she didn't notice he'd put down the
package she's seen him holding before she got to the door.  In his hand instead
was a piece of white gauze wadding, as he raised both arms towards her she
inhaled the scent and tried to back away and shut the door Oh my God!!! Oh my
God!!! Oh my God!!! She was muttering it was too late though his hand reached
her face, she felt like she was drowning in treacle; everything slowed down and
then stopped as blackness finally welcomed her into its arms.



With a head filled with cotton wool Leanna slowly regained consciousness and
opened 1 eye at a time, her mind already working quickly to make sense of what
had happened.  A swift inventory of her body told her several things,

1. She was tied up

2. She was naked

3. She was laid spread eagled on a large bed



Ok, so the situation is not good, a red blush spread al over her as she
remembered what was written on her body, shit! Shit! shit!!! This is not good. 
Closing her eyes to try and shut out her surroundings and her shame she heard a
door to her left open, she literally shivered and winced as she heard laughter
and 2 voices.

Well well well, you've caught a good looking one I'll give you that said an
unseen woman, Leanna concentrated on the voice trying to hear an accent or
something, anything that would help the police.  Yep a total slut if her body is
to be believed this was said by a man, with a clipped British accent.  A hand
reached down and twisted a nipple so painfully that her eyes shot open, there
stood the DHL guy, but he'd changed clothes, he was dressed quite casually,
Leanne immediately noted the designer wear for what it was and calculated a
rough ?1000 for the outfit. 



So then slut, any ideas whats happening to you??  Never having been the most
accepting of women Leanna started to rant, police, lawyers, jail, death, insults
anything that came into her head.  Standing there yawning the man waited till
she ran out of steam and then spoke, punctuating each sentence with a slap on
her tits.

Slut you'll be allowed this one and only outburst without punishment *slap* you
are here to be trained *slap* you are worth nothing *slap* I could kill you now
*slap* no one would ever know *slap* I am your master *slap* you are lower down
the food chain the Sarion *slap* you are going to learn in real life about
things you've only dreamt about *slap* you will suck cock and love doing it
*slap* lick pussy and beg to be allowed to do it *slap* be arse fucked *slap*
given to friends *slap* you *slap* have *slap* no *slap* rights *slap*  By this
point Leanna was crying in earnest, tears running down her face pain and temper
combined.  The woman stepped into view, a beautiful red head nose dusted with a
smattering of freckles and a cruel smile ........Sarema?? *slap* the woman was
lightening quick in slapping her face.  You slut, you call me mistress! As Jake
said *slap* you have no rights *slap* you don't even warrant a name *slap* slut,
whore, tart, slag, pet you'll answer to them all in time and be glad to answer
as well.  At the mention of the man's name Leanna realised exactly how much
trouble she was in.  The only person in the whole world to whom she'd let her
guard down to and the only person in the world who might raise the alarm about
her being missing were both here.  This did not look good.  Grabbing a handful
of Sarema's hair Jake spoke in a low voice whilst playing with her nipple a slow
smile spread over Sarema's face and she nodded.   Leaving the room Leanna was
left with Jake, summoning all her courage she looked at him, why are you doing
this to me? His answer was a smile and a sting slap on her already sore tits. 
You're a slut and a whore and a slag, it's written here on your body in your own
handwriting, I'm going to train you to be my pet, my piece of fuckmeat, a tart
ready willing and able to serve her master and who ever he sees fit at any hour
of the day and in anyway.  You're going to sink to depths you never even
realized existed and at the end of it all you're going to thank me.  There is no
escape from here, there's nowhere to go, no one to go too either is there??
You're all alone and you're mine.  It was then that Leanna did what only a day
ago she'd balked at doing, she wet herself in fear.  The humiliation she
experienced as the hot piss ran down between the cheeks of her arse and slowly
seeped into the mattress was doubled when she saw the look on his face.  A smile
of pure satisfaction coupled with a quizzically raised eyebrow reduced her to
tears immediately. 



When Sarema walked into the room, the smell of Leanna's humiliation hit her nose
and she laughed cruelly, oh dear, have we had a little accident?? Without even
looking at Jake she walked over and undid both of Leanna's hands, sat her up and
quickly cuffed them behind her back, Jake undid both feet, still weakened by the
effects of whatever drug she's been given Leanna couldn't even kick out or
struggle, she was hoisted off the bed and onto her knees at it's side.  Sarema
wrapped her shoulders in a sheet, her head was pulled back by her hair and
Sarema's face swam quickly into view, another cruel smile (something Leanna was
to become used to in the coming months) she showed Leanna what she had behind
her back.  It was then that Leanna found the strength to start struggling, hair
clippers!!! Oh my God her beautiful long hair, they were going to shave her hair
off.  Jake couldn't help but laugh, by God you're a cruel bitch Sarema.  A nice
dehumanizing touch to end today with, with that her hair started to fall, long
hanks of hair scattered round her knees as she wept.  When Sarema had finished
she pushed Leanna's face towards the bed, pressing it tight to the mattress
soaked with her piss and rubbed her face into it, coating her cheeks & lips in
it.  This is how we train sluts that can't keep control of their bladders, at
the same moment as her face was being bathed and her mouth tasted her own waste,
she felt her arse cheeks being opened, surely it can't get worse, but it did. 
Expertly Jake inserted the deflated balloon on the enema tubing into her arse
and slowly pumped it up till it was locked in place; she found resisting only
made Sarema press her face harder into the mattress so she tried to be still.  A
feeling of sheer horror coursed through her as she felt her bowls swell to take
liquid from the enema bag.  After what seemed an eternity Jake unclipped the bag
leaving the inflated bulb in place, he started rubbing her tummy which made her
feel 10 times worse.  Pulling her up by her shoulders Jake then turned her to
face them, you will get used to this slut, trust me you will.  Stand up Sarema
ordered with her hand behind her back and legs still decidedly wobbly from the
drugs Leanna struggled to her feet with no help from either of them.  Now we'll
show you round your compound, slut pets & fuckmeat don't have homes they have
compounds. 



With a tormenter at either side she was walked from the bare room into a
hallway, then downstairs, when they got her to a door that obviously led outside
she tried to fight this was quickly stilled by a sharp slap on her abused tits
by Jake and a hard push on her stomach by Sarema, at that point she didn't know
which was worse.  Outside seemed to consist of fields and stables only 1 thing
made her feel hopeful Sarion, the sight of her gorgeous and fierce dog she
started to run calling Sarion Sarion, confused when he didn't respond she
faltered and the realized he's been drugged also, but looked unharmed.  The
running however had not helped her bowel she realized suddenly they felt like
they would burst, a sudden cramp brought her to a total stop and a second
brought her to her knees much to the amusement of Jake & Sarema.  Need the
toilet slut?? Yes damn you, God this is uncomfortable she thought.  Ok time for
2nd lesson, sluts go to the toilet when they are told they can anymore accidents
and I'll have you made to wear a nappy  and you don't want that do you slut?
Asked Jake.  A movement in the corner of her eye  made her look towards the
stables a man in riding gear was coming out, Sir Ma'am he nodded to Jake & his
partner in crime, as if seeing an almost hysterical naked woman stood in between
them was nothing new.  A new housemate? Yes Ian her father has sent her here
because of her appalling lack of sexual control, it's not true, they've
kidnapped she whimpered, Ian smiled & patted her cheek of course they did dear,
he looked sympathetically at Jake, I reckon you'll have you're work cut out with
this one though Jake if you don't mind me saying.  Jake whispered in Leanna's
ear, do as I say now or I will kill the dog slowly and make you watch, not at
all Ian, she really is appalling, so bad that I bet if you were to get your cock
out now she'd be on her knees sucking it like that's all she was born to do.  Uh
huh a bet you say Jake, now how much would we be talking? Jake laughed, lets say
3hrs use of the slut anyway you want before I start her training in earnest. 
Leanna stood frozen in fear, her beloved dog's life in her hands a loud grumble
from her tummy made the other 3 laugh loudly, sweat popped on her brow as her
bowels twisted trying to release their load.   Jake was chuckling to himself as
he instructed her how to deflate the bulb, but please, please where is the
toilet? This provoked another round of laughter and Sarema managed to choke out
between laughs sluts that piss themselves don't deserve toilets, go where you
are.  Unable to hold the cramps anymore Leanna had no choice but to empty
herself in front of them whilst squatting on the grass after 10mins the cramps
finally stopped and she fell forward to her knees feeling empty, used and tired. 



Get up you stupid slut and get back over here Ian was licking his lips as she
came back her head hung low embarrassed and ashamed, without another word he got
out his cock so little girl, want to suck cock? Jake's threat about Sarion still
echoing in her mind Leanna moved towards Ian when a line of fire spread over her
arse cheeks, on your knees bitch was all Sarema said so she began crawling on
her knees towards Ian another line of fire on her arse stopped her, ask him if
you can suck his cock Jake said.  Not content with making her suck his cock she
had to ask for it too; please may I suck your cock Ian?  *slap* on her tits I
didn't tell you you could use my name, ask again.....please may I suck your
cock? *slap* again please please can I suck your cock? *slap* frantically she
tried to think what she was doing wrong and then it dawned on her please can I
suck your cock? She said it this time in a little girl tone of voice.  Which
seemed to work cos no one slapped her so se carried on crawling till Ian's cock
was in front of her face, pinching her jaw hard he told her to open wide.  Not
hugely experienced in oral sex Leanna struggled to please him; Aye Jake she'll
need a lot of work, with that he rammed his cock into her mouth so hard so
nearly lost balance and started to gag that seemed to excite him further and he
began pumping in and out of her mouth, this was oral sex was all she could think
this was oral rape, she was being fucked by this man but in her mouth.  As Ian
started to tense she heard Jake warn her not to spit out his cum but hold it in
her mouth she felt Ian's cum shoot into her mouth and her tummy still delicate
from the drug threatened to rebel against her but she managed to hold it and
open her mouth for all to see it on her tongue.  Ian patted her head and told
her to swallow it .  So then Jake, bet's won you were right she's a slut true
enough.  Mind if I take her later though I've a few things to finish. Laughing
still Jake told Ian to all over to the house whenever he was ready for her,
starting her training in earnest won't spoil for a few hours work with you Ian,
in fact it may help her to realize she's mine until I decide to return her back
to her father.  Leanna was shivering in shame, humiliation and fear, this was
not her life, not her beautifully controlled, and easy to manage Leanna comes
first life it couldn't be.  Jake & Sarema turned and began back towards the
house Ian was heading back to the stables in the distance she was sure she could
see a road although the prospect of being found naked on an English B-road would
ordinarily have made her sick the prospect now seemed as inviting as a cool
shower on a hot day, she set off running like a hare, in retrospect it was
obvious her 2 tormentors had anticipated this.  Hindsight she realized as she
laid on prickly grass feeling dazed and confused is a wonderful thing; running
into an electrified fence is not conducive to feeling healthy.  Doubly bad was
the look on Jake's face as she came round, it only took a couple of seconds to
discover that the electric shock from the fence had caused her to wet herself. 
Oh my God this went from bad to worse.  Remember what I said slut, 1 more
accident and you'd be wearing a nappy, well you just signed up for our  adult
continence programme.  They made her crawl back to the house in front of them, a
thin stick swatting her arse whenever it was deemed she wasn't moving quickly
enough, which judging by the way Sarema wielded the stick was more often than
not.



Finally back on the smooth cold tiles of the hallway Leanna felt a small measure
of relief, her knees were painfully grazed and her muscles starting to cramp due
to the unusual way she was made to move.  In some ways seeing the room she'd
first woken up in was a relief as she climbed onto the bed curling up in fetal
position she found herself hardly caring about the smell in the room the damp
patch on the bed hardly bothered her, just a place to lay her head and sob
pitifully to herself.  Although she'd thought sleep would be impossible it
turned out her body's exertions coupled with the tears had sent her into a scary
world of dreams, she grumbles quietly as her shoulder was roughly shaken on
waking her eyes scanned the room, it hadn't been just a dream, she was still
here, captive to a madman & her PA.  On the floor by the bed was what looked
like some sort of lilt, she glanced up time to see Sarema start a well aimed
slap at her tits, how she managed to slap both with equal ferocity was beyond
her, Lord how that stings she thought.

Get onto your changing mat you pissy slut I've brought the nappy Jake promised
you.  A myriads of things flitted through Leanna's mind this was getting
surreal, here she was a successful 30yr old business woman and she was about to
be made to wear a nappy, it was then she decided this was not going to happen
without a fight as Sarema undid the cuffs behind her back she flipped and went
for her like a wildcat managing to scratch her face all down 1 perfect smug
cheek, that unfortunately for her was all she managed before the taser hanging
for Sarema's belt found a place under her right breast to deliver it's
powerfully message.  Laid on her back half on and half off the bed Leanna began
to regret her haste as she saw Sarema's face, obviously not big on forgiveness
even in her present predicament she found a quick mental smile.  Flopping
gracelessly onto the mat on the floor she could do nothing to help herself as
she was expertly turned this way and that to find she was fitted into a nappy in
possibly under 2mins.  Cheeks flaming she could only lay back and look up at
Sarema.

Now slut perhaps you might understand things better if I explain them again to
you, you're here and you're ours.  There's no escape, nowhere to go, no one to
miss you, this is a life sentence slag, no parole no release for good behaviour,
the moment you were carried into this house you ceased to exist for the outside
world.  I know your life inside out. You will be used sexually by anyone we
allow to use you, you will please them or you will be punished, Reaching down
and pinching a nipple painfully she carried on it would be a shame to have your
nipple cut off wouldn't it slag? But there are markets for movies like that,
movies where the star is an unwilling cunt like you.  All you are now is tits,
arse, cunt & mouth to be used freely by all we chose. Please us and you may
avoid some discomfort twisting the other nipple tightly she continued displease
us and slut and its welcome to a world of pain.  Lets get you used to your new
clothes, attaching a dog collar around her neck Sarema dragged her from the
room; have you any idea how stupid you look with no hair?? Look at yourself,
crawling behind an employee, wearing nappy with the taste of strange man's cum
in your mouth.  Bet the knowledge that you're paying my salary while I get to do
what I like with you really sticks in your throat doesn't it? Ha ha sticks in
your throat, there's going to be lots of things sticking in your throat in the
next years, oh yes the business is doing wonderfully, I landed the Robbson
account and so we've needed to expand a little, in fact, well you might as well
know I've hired a Trainer for the company, but then of course whore you already
know that, we decided to start His work at the top, so you're paying Jake a
wonderful salary too.  In time you'll of course sign the business over to us but
I think it's too delicious for that at the moment, I adore the knowledge that
you're paying for this. Don't you? No? Well lets be honest you're opinion
doesn't count anymore.  They'd reached a door while Sarema mocked her as they
entered she tried to orientate herself, the room the entered was a huge kitchen,
2people were working in it nodding at Sarema they ignored Leanna there was a jug
of water and a glass on the table the jug must have contained 2litres
instinctively Leanna knew she'd be drinking all of it and more as Sarema wanted
her to christen her new clothing, she was right.  About an hour later wet and
bedraggled having been forced to consume the best part of 3 jugs Leanna began
begging, there were times she felt as if she was drowning as Sarema poured glass
after glass down her throat, the floor was wet and Leanna was shaking, her tummy
was swollen in fact she swore she sloshed when she moved get on your knees bitch
and lick up what you've spilt like a good bitch dog the fire inside her quenched
by the amount of water she been forced to drink Leanna slid to the floor and
started licking, past caring.  That's the last time you'll use a glass from now
on you eat & drink off the floor using bowls like the bitch you are.  Oh I'm
going to have such fun with you.  Eventually Sarema bored with watching her lick
the floor and chivied her back to her cell.  Laying her back on the bed still
wet from earlier she quickly tied Leanna back in place.  Pulled out a
comfortable chair, picked up a book and started reading, the room was warm and
humid Leanna exhausted, humiliated and frightened somehow dropped into an uneasy
sleep fraught with nightmares.  While she was asleep Sarema picked up a bowl and
pissed into quietly moving to the bed she dipped 3 of Leanna's fingers into the
warm piss, asleep and dreaming Leanna responded as all do by starting to wet
herself Sarema moved quickly back to her chair as if she'd never moved and
waited.  Sure enough a few seconds later Leanna woke up blinking in shame, how
was it possible, she hadn't wet herself since she'd been a child, yet here she
was for the 3rd time in 1 day losing control.  She glanced at Sarema knowing
immediately that she was aware of her problem.  Not a word passed between them
Sarema just raised an eyebrow & Leanna could only nod as tears rolled down her
cheeks slowly.  Undoing her bonds Sarema motioned her to get on the mat, the
taser shock still fresh in her mind Leanna submitted to the humiliation of
having her nappy removed, somehow Sarema got it off and then compounded the
lesson by fastening it to her face, squeezing it to make sure Leanna's face was
well covered in her own piss, she made sure it got into her mouth by forcing it
between her lips, the urge to bite those cruel fingers off was quickly stopped
as she felt the taser touching a nipple.

Smacking a thigh Sarema made her open her legs, she tried to close them again as
she felt shaving foam being rubbed onto her, you really have the hairiest cunt
it's disgusting and started to shave her warning all the while that any movement
may end up with her bleeding Leanna could do nothing but to submit to this new
humiliation whilst struggling not to swallow her own piss.  As the shaving
finished a new cream was rubbed onto the shaven area it felt cool at first and
then began heating up till she was lifting her hips up & down in distress oh
dear does slut feel a bit warm, but I thought you liked the feeling of menthol,
you seemed to do so well with the toothpaste yesterday Leanna realized that
while she'd been playing Ds on the net with jake it was more than likely Sarema
had been watching too, she felt sick.  This was her own fault!  She'd brought
this onto herself. Turn over! No other option but to do as she was told made
Leanna turn over Sarema spent a few seconds plucking the last remaining hairs
from her and then parted her arse cheeks and slid in a butt plug, Leanna could
feel long hairs tickling the back of her thigh there now our little bitch on
heat has a tail to wag, kneel up for me and wag you tail bitch Leanna didn't
even want to imagine what she looked like now, the smell of ammonia was making
her feel ill, her eye stank where it had seeped into them.  She was forced to
kneel there while Sarema paddle her arse, it wasn't a little lesson learnt
spanking it was designed to cause maximum marks & pain her arse soon felt like
it was on fire as she paddled Sarema shoved a large dildo in  & out of her
pussy.  Weeping inside her mask Leanna whimpered the paddling contiued as Sarema
said that's it whimper like the beaten bitch you are, bark for me bitch, words
aren't your language anymore, slupets can't talk.   With her arms shaking so
badly she could hold her upper body she had no choice but to lower her head to
the mat pushing her arse up further as if inviting Sarema to carry on, she was
whimpering loudly when Sarema said do you understand now bitch? do you fully
realize the extent of your life now? No escape, no way out, just this day in day
out. Bark in you understand, woof the sound came from her throat LOUDER! WOOF at
last the bitch gets it she felt her will cave in as she barked, it was then
Sarema switched the dildo on and started rubbing it on her clit no matter how
she tried to fight it the orgasm was inevitable, the paddling continued as the
spasms of her orgasm ripped through her. 



Intense shame filled her who was she?




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  p.e.t


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





