BDSM Library - Our First Female President




Our First Female President
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Candace Williams, beautiful and highly intelligent but also shy, self effacing, devoutly religious, and sexually inhibited is seduced by the devil. This novel length story blends themes  of religion, political corruption, and sexual debauchery as Candace progresses up the ladder of American politics. Side-bar stories that rely on great historical events add to the texture of human debauchery and lust that always accompany the acquisition of power and wealth.
Our First Female President



Chapter 01 - The Confessional at St. Marks



Please take note! Adults Only Literature

The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written for
adults only.

If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing this
file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
now.

This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
is purely coincidental, etc.

Copyright 2003

                                                                ****



  "Forgive me Father for I have sinned. It has been one week since my last
confession," whispered Candace Williams as soon as Father Elliot slid back the
partition separating the confessor from the penitent.

  "Candace, What sins have you committed since your last confession?" asked
Father Elliot, the pastor of St. Marks. Father Elliot was a young Dominican
priest who had been at St. Marks for the past six years.

  "I lost my temper twice with my daughter, Briana, and on two occasions I've
had impure thoughts. I've also been touching myself inappropriately." Candace
spoke so quickly that Father Elliot had trouble understanding her.  Father
Elliot sensed extreme anxiety in the way that Candace hastily spoke her
confession.

   Although young, Father Elliot was an experienced parish priest and over the
years he had learned to deal with a number of problems that he loosely
classified under the heading of 'female sexual anxieties'. Catholic priests were
given special training to counsel women with those problems. He hadn't heard
'touching myself' referred to as a sin in a while. Most of his parishioners
considered masturbation an acceptable practice regardless of the church's
position.

  "Children often try our patience but we must teach by example. You must ask
the Virgin Mary to help you better control your anger and to teach you serenity.
Describe your impure thoughts, Candace?"

  "It's difficult to speak about them even here; they were sexual in nature."

  Sex was a difficult topic for Candace to think about let alone discuss with
another man even if he was a priest. Candace and her husband, Daniel, were
strict Roman Catholics. Candace accepted the church's teaching that sexual
intercourse was for the purpose of procreation not pleasure.

  Candace had thought about what happened over and over again. Nothing like that
had ever occurred to her before.  The first time was last week while Candace was
in the supermarket. Mike, the produce manager, greeted her.

  "Hi. Mrs. Williams, if you and Dan like corn on the cob, I recommend those,
they're local and fresh off the farm." Mike gestured toward a produce table
piled high with ears of corn.

  Mike always flirted harmlessly with the female customers, especially the
pretty ones. He had stood near her talking about his son's little league team
while Candace made her selections from the large mound of unshucked corn.
Suddenly, Candace felt Mike's hand reach over her shoulder and slip inside her
blouse and bra and feel her naked breast. For a brief moment, she relaxed as the
hand slipped into her bra and caressed her nipple. The feel of the rough
calloused hand on her breast excited her; especially when his fingers squeezed
and twisted her nipple. Then she realized what was happening and jerked away.
She jumped violently backwards and yelled, "Stop".

  "Stop what, Mrs. Williams, are you okay?" asked Mike who was standing several
feet away rearranging heads of iceberg lettuce.

  "Nothing, I was just talking to myself," said Candace feeling confused and
shaken. Mike hadn't touched her. He was ten feet away. She had imagined
everything.

  "Well, they say that's all right as long as you don't talk back. I got to go
in the stockroom and bring out some more iceberg. Anything else I can help you
with, Mrs. Williams?" said Mike as he turned to go.

  "Nothing, thanks for recommending the corn, it looks delicious." Candace was
deeply embarrassed about what she had just imagined. Mike seemed a good family
man and father. Involving him in her debauched fantasy made the sin even worse.

  The other time was in the pharmacy when she was picking up Dan's allergy
prescription. She was standing in the checkout line behind a young girl with
bright green spiked hair and multiple studs in her ears, nose, and even one in
her tongue. Candace disapproved of teenagers who dressed "punk" or "Goth" or
whatever it was. Tattoos, piercing, those were things that would never happen to
her or Briana, her daughter. Good Roman Catholics treated their bodies as a
sacred God given vessel for the soul. The idea of modifying it was unacceptable
and immoral to Candace's way of thinking. There were half a dozen people in
front of them and the line hadn't moved in several minutes.

   The girl turned back to Candace and said, "They should open another checkout,
I've got to get to school."

  Candace had smiled and blandly replied, "No one has enough help these days."
Candace had started to turn away when the girl had put her hand on Candace's arm
and asked, "Do you like girls?"

  "I don't know what you mean," replied Candace.

  "This," said the girl as she pulled Candace into an embrace and pressed her
lips to Candace's. Candace opened her mouth and felt the metal stud in the
girl's tongue. The girl quickly moved one hand between Candace's legs and
touched her sex. Candace pressed herself against the girl's hand. Candace pulled
the girl closer and tightened the embrace. Candace mouth sucked on the girl's
tongue and she reached down and put her hands on the girl's buttocks and pulled
her even closer grinding their pelvises together.

  "Lady, would you mind moving your hand," said the girl startling Candace out
of her reverie. Candace looked down to see that her hand was gripping the girl's
butt cheek. Candace immediately removed her hand. The girl was standing quietly
with an armful of merchandise. Candace had imagined the whole thing. The girl
had a puzzled smile on her face.

  "I'm terribly sorry. I'm sorry I touched you. I must have been thinking about
something else," mumbled Candace feeling a deep sense of embarrassment and
shame.

  "Whatever it was, it must have been hot," said the girl smiling as she turned
to place her purchases on the checkout counter.

  When Candace was leaving the drugstore, she had seen the girl getting on the
back of a motorcycle. She was talking to a boy as she stowed her purchases in
the side bags.

  "You wouldn't believe what just happened?" said the girl.

  "What?"

  'This housewife dyke in the checkout line started feeling my ass, right there
in public. She was moaning and breathing heavy like she was really getting off
on it."

  "You're bullshitting me. You punch her out."

  "No, I just let her have her fun. It was totally weird. It was kind of like
she was in a trance. Then she sort of woke up and turned red as a beet when she
realized she had grabbed my ass."

  "Probably some fat old housewife who isn't getting enough. She probably
pictured herself munching that cute little rug of yours."

  "No, young and real pretty, but a Martha Stewart fan."

  "Go get her, maybe she's into three ways."

  "Let's go, asshole. We've got to get to school. Besides, she's not your type."

  The two incidents had frightened Candace. Fantasizing about sex act was the
sin of Lust. Lust was one of the seven deadly sins and therefore a mortal sin.
What was even worse was that she had been aroused. Candace distinctly remembered
a feeling of pleasure invading her body. That night in the shower, she found
herself unconsciously soaping her clitoris as she recalled what happened with
the girl. She had jerked her hand away when she realized what was doing.

  In Candace mind, she had not only sinned in her imagination but she had taken
pleasure from the sin. The pleasure was only for a moment but it was undeniably
there. The feeling of pleasure was a worse sin than the act itself thought
Candace. She felt humiliated and ashamed of her behavior. Candace decided to go
to confession at St. Marks the next day.

   "I must do penance for my sins and pray to the Virgin to keep impure thoughts
from my head and heart," decided Candace.

  "Candace, Candace, reluctance to discuss sexual matters is understandable but
sex is a part of our everyday lives and we must be able to cope with it.
Remember, I am your priest confessor and God had empowered me to forgive your
sins no matter how terrible they might be," said Father Elliot bringing Candace
back to the present.

  "I imagine that I am engaged in acts of sexual depravity with those around me.
The first time a man was touching my breast. The other time I was kissing a
young girl and we were touching each other. It was sickening and horrifying. In
my mind, I was a willing participant in vile acts that only the most sinful and
wicked would perform. I took pleasure from my participation. My body responded
in the same manner as if I were engaged in intercourse with my husband."

  "And the pleasure was definitely of a sexual nature?"

  "Yes, Father, I become sexually aroused, Afterwards, I felt terribly ashamed
of my conduct and my failure to exercise control over my senses. I feel as if
there was another person inside my body. I think that person is seeking control
over my soul. It wants to turn me away from the worship of Christ and the
Virgin."

  "St. Augustine of Hippo wrote about the constant struggle to control our
bodily desires. He considered the flesh as Man's greatest weakness. I sense the
devil is tempting you, Candace. Perhaps, Satan has singled you out for
temptation, knowing what a strong believer you are and your firm commitment to
God's church. You must be resilient and vigilant in your faith.  Satan is very
clever and he works diligently against those faithful to the holy church and its
teachings. By associating sexual depravity with pleasure, he dulls your defenses
against mortal sin. Satan tempts you to pass over that thin line that separates
our imagination from reality. He knows that if he can tempt you to sin in your
mind and heart then it becomes easier to follow him into the world of darkness
and perversity. Sometimes he selects a soul and works with great skill to bring
the person over to Satan's service."

  "What should I do, Father?"

  "Seek the comfort and support of the Holy Spirit in resisting these thoughts.
Pray to the Virgin who never succumbed to the temptations of the flesh. She will
help you Candace."

  "Yes, Father."

  "You penance is 5 Our Fathers and 10 Hail Mothers. Let us pray the Act of
Reconciliation together."

  "O God, in your great Mercy and Love, grant that I may sincerely and
thoroughly repent from all my sins, and humbly and devoutly receive your
forgiveness through the Sacrament of Reconciliation, and grant this same
merciful grace to other poor sinners, especially those most in need of
repentance and forgiveness." Candace and Father Elliot repeated in unison.

  Candace walked to the Chapel of the Assumption, genuflected, and sat down in
the front pew. It was her favorite place in the church and she always performed
her penance there. Candace had always found the solitude and beauty of the
chapel to be the perfect place to pray for forgiveness.

 Candace loved the ornate white marble altar and the stature of the Virgin that
a wealthy parishioner had donated to St. Marks when the church was built in
1926. Recently, the statue had gone through a cleaning and restoration and
Candace felt it positively glowed with the goodness of the Blessed Virgin.  The
chapel was secluded; well off to the right of the church nave. It was normally
empty.

  "I'll double the penance. And I'll say a rosary every morning right after Dan
leaves for work and the bus picks up Briana," thought Candace as she leaned
forward to kneel down.

  "Excuse me."

  Candace had thought the pew was empty but she looked to see a tall,
well-dressed man standing next to her waiting to exit.  He was wearing a
business suit but had long black hair. Somehow, the man looked familiar. St.
Marks counted over 2,000 members. She probably saw him at Mass on Sunday but
couldn't recall who he was.

  "Sorry," said Candace as she stepped back out of the pew allowing him to pass.
As he passed Candace, he ever so slightly brushed against her.

  "I've got to quite letting this distract me and pay more attention to my
surroundings. I was certain the chapel was empty then I sat right down in a pew
blocking that gentleman who was leaving," said Candace as she knelt down and
began saying the first Our Father of her penance. Candace closed her eyes to
concentrate on the prayer. Candace believed in the power of prayer and focused
her mind on the words and their meaning. Candace took out her rosary and held it
in her hands as she prayed. It was the rosary that her Aunt Silvia had given her
for her First Communion. It was a little larger than most rosaries and the cross
was made of the same type of wood that was used to crucify Christ. The Pope
himself had blessed it.

  Candace worried that she hadn't made a good confession. She hadn't told Father
Elliot all her sins. She was too embarrassed to confess waking up in the middle
of the night, moaning and breathing heavily with one hand rubbing her clitoris
and two fingers of the other hand inside her vagina. Last night, she woke up
writhing and twisting as an orgasm swept her body. It was the first orgasm she
had experienced in several years.  Her hands were covered with her wetness.
Candace quietly went to the bathroom to clean herself. When she turned the light
on and looked in the mirror, she saw she had unbuttoned her pajamas. One breast
was exposed and the nipple was elongated.  I've been playing with my nipples and
my vagina. I have not done that since I was thirteen. That was before I realized
it was a sin thought Candace.

  Thankfully Dan was a heavy sleeper. Candace's middle-of-the-night masturbation
had started over a month ago. At first it was only once a week. But lately it
had become every night. Eventually Dan will find out thought Candace.

  But masturbation was just too personal to discuss with anybody especially a
priest. How do you tell a man of God that you're playing with yourself like a
teenager with no self-control wondered Candace? Candace had considered
discussing it with her husband, Daniel. They had talked about masturbation
before they were married and both agreed it was a sin. What if he woke up and
found her rubbing herself like a woman who had no morals. Dan was very devout.
He might leave her.

  "I would deserve it if Dan left me and took Briana, I'm not a fit mother for
her, Please help me, Virgin," pleaded Candace as she looked up at the face of
the statue of the Blessed Virgin Mary.

  Candace returned to her prayers and was repeating the last of the five Our
Fathers when she felt herself standing up. It was like she was being directed
and controlled by someone else. Candace didn't will it to happen but she didn't
resist it either. She walked quickly back to the Confessional. As she
approached, she could hear the murmured words of another penitent describing
their sins to Father Elliot. Candace opened the Confessional door and stepped
into the booth in front of Father Elliot. Candace dropped quietly to her knees
in front of the priest and began to unbutton his cassock. Candace recognized the
voice of Doris Sullivan describing how she had argued with her son about his
choice of video games.

  "Sometimes I think those games were created by the devil himself. Tommy won't
touch his homework but he'll sit there playing those dreadful games for hours.
What can I do?" asked Doris.

  Candace finished unbuttoning Father Elliot's cassock then unbuckled his
trousers. Father Elliot made no move acknowledging what Candace was doing as she
unzipped his pants, reached in and pulled his penis out. Candace leaned forward
and pressed the soft cock to the side of her face. It felt warm, even hot,
against her cheek.  She inhaled the scent and thought it the most wonderful
aroma she had ever experienced. She pressed her nostrils to his cock and
breathed in deeply. Candace wondered how could anything smell that divine. There
was the faint smell of urine but an even stronger aroma of male flesh.

  "Oh this is so wonderful, just being able to touch and smell Father Elliot's
cock. How could I have not known how wonderful this could be?" Candace asked
herself.

  Candace had never been willing to allow Daniel to bring his penis anywhere
near her face. Candace had strongly rejected Daniel's hesitant suggestion that
they perform oral sex.

   "Sodomy is a sin, a mortal one. God intended that a man and woman join their
sexual parts in one and only one fashion and for only one purpose, to create
another life to worship him,' was Candace's final word to Dan on the topic of
oral sex.

  Candace considered the very idea of Dan's penis in her mouth both unnatural
and a mortal sin. But this is so different she thought as she rubbed her cheek
against Father Elliot's cock. The feeling was one of rapture.

  "Oh my salvation, sublime, powerful, exquisite, pleasure beyond anything
imaginable," were the thoughts that flooded Candace's mind as she massaged her
cheek with Father Elliot's penis.

  "I did not know it was possible to experience this much joy" thought Candace
as she took Father's Elliot's cock and licked the tip.

   "Oh, and the taste, nothing on earth tastes this fine," thought Candace as
she slipped the cock head into her mouth and swirled her tongue around the tip.
Candace began to suck on Father Elliot's hardening cock as she found herself
mentally repeating a prayer to herself she had never heard before.

  "Hail Lucifer, Ruler of Hell, Master of Eternal Darkness, accept the worship
of your servant Candace, she desires none other than to adore you, Satan. Help
your servant to overcome the forces that restrain her from your devotion. Cast
out their teachings and make her an instrument for accomplishing your will. "

  Candace felt Father Elliot's cock growing hard in her mouth as she moved her
lips further down the shaft. Her tongue slithered along the ridge of skin on the
cock's underside. She felt and heard Father Elliot's moan as her tongue massaged
the sensitive ridge of flesh. Candace had never had a male penis in her mouth
but somehow she knew exactly what to do. There was no hesitation or lack of
will. No courtesan of any age or civilization had more skill in bringing
pleasure to the male sex than I thought Candace Williams. I love to provide oral
sex. I do it extraordinarily well and I take enormous pleasure from it. Although
she was far from having any reasons or justification, Candace felt superbly
confident and able to perform oral sex on a man's penis even though she had
never done it before.

  Her mouth filled with warm saliva that drooled out of her glands onto Father
Elliot's cock. Father Elliot's cock pulsated and jerked as her tongue swirled
and wiped across the ridges and furrows of its surface. Candace forced her mouth
to engulf more of the hard penis until her nose was buried in his pubic hairs.
Each touch of a pubic hair inside her nostrils was pure ecstasy. She inhaled
through her nose to draw them deeper inside her nostrils. The pleasure was so
intense she worried she might faint and miss the blissful feeling of a man's
hard warm penis in her mouth.

  Then some unknown and unseen force opened Candace's throat and Father Elliot's
cock slid into her esophagus. It was as if her throat had inhaled the penis
taking it several inches past her wisdom teeth. There was no sense of
asphyxiation or gagging. The muscles lining her gullet clung to the head of his
cock as it moved downward and then backward in short strokes.

  "How could I have never experienced the sensation of a man's cock sliding in
and out of my throat? To think I denied myself the oral pleasure of Dan's cock
all these years. What a fool I've been. What a pathetic little idiot to forgo
this awesome experience. It feels so wonderful when the blunt beads expands the
walls of my esophagus," thought Candace.

  Candace's whole being was focused on the lining of her mouth and throat. The
texture, aroma, and taste were beyond anything she had ever experienced. Her
mouth caressed each vein or irregularity on the surface of Father Elliot's cock.
Her tongue and lips slowly massaged the under lip of the mushroom head. The tip
of her tongue probed the slit hole where Father Elliot's piss flowed out. The
taste of several drops of urine was perfection itself. It was the most
faultless, unflawed thing she had ever put in her mouth. Pre-cum oozed into her
mouth. The salty flavor was all consuming as she rolled it across her taste
buds.

  Candace felt Father Elliot's hand on the back of her head forcing his member
even deeper inside her throat. The idea that she was being forced to accept
Father Elliot's cock further into the tunneled cavity of her throat heightened
her sense of excitement.

  "I wonder what it would be like if someone with a really huge thick cock
forced it down you're your throat causing your neck to bulge and expand to
accommodate its girth," wondered Candace.

   Then Father Elliot's other hand forcefully gripped her head and the pressure
became stronger as he moved Candace's head back to where only the tip was
between her lips then forced it forward to where he face was buried in his
crotch and his penis was inches deep inside her esophagus.

  Candace thought to herself, 'He's using my mouth as a sex organ. I love the
feeling of being used for a man's pleasure." Candace's pulled her skirt up and
pushed her hand inside her panties. She began massaging her clitoris with one
hand as she held Father Elliot's balls in the other.

  Father Elliot grabbed her head harder and slammed her face forward forcing his
shaft to slide deeper into the tight openings of her throat. Father Elliot
hammered away stroke after stroke. Each thrust had a certain brutality as it
pushed its way into her esophagus. Candace touched her hand to her throat and
felt the bulge caused by the priest's cock. Candace sensed that Father Elliot
was approaching a climax as he increased the rate he was pushing into her
throat. Finally, the priest's entire body went completely rigid then Candace
felt her mouth fill with semen.

  Candace responded to the spurts of semen with her own orgasm. She sucked the
warm fluid flowing from the tip of Father Elliot's cock and savored its taste.
Her own body jerked at she climaxed and then she let out a long low moan.

   "If I live a thousand years, I will never taste anything this fantastic,"
thought Candace.

  Candace's eyes opened with a start. She wasn't in the confessional booth. She
was still seated in the Chapel of the Assumption. Her skirt was bunched up
around her waist. Her panties were on the floor. Her bare bottom felt the hard
wooden seat of the pew. Her feet were resting on the back of the pew in front of
her and her legs were spread as wide as they could stretch. One hand was inside
her blouse twisting one of her nipples and the other was between her legs
rubbing her Rosary against her clitoris. Her pubic area was smeared with
wetness. The Rosary was soaked with her secretions. Candace realized she had
been pushing the long end of the cross inside her vagina while she twisted one
of the arms side against her clit. She was wetter than she had ever thought
possible. She had just climaxed. There was drool covering her chin.

  "Oh my God, what is happening to me? I've defiled a holy object," sobbed
Candace as she looked around to see if anyone was watching. Thankfully, no one
was. She pushed her skirt down and buttoned her blouse. She reached down and
scooped up her panties and stuffed them in the side pocket of her handbag. She
grabbed some tissues from her purse and wiped her chin off.  She wrapped the
soaked Rosary in the tissues and placed it in her purse.  Candace looked up at
the statue of the Virgin. Candace took the sad expression on the statue's face
as a reproach for her sinful conduct. Candace's eyes filled with tears and she
fled from the church.

  "Father, Father Elliot, are you all right?" asked Doris Sullivan.

  "I'm terribly sorry. I'm feeling a little light headed," responded Father
Elliot. Somehow, he realized, he had just climaxed. He looked down. He wasn't
touching himself but he could tell his underwear was wet.  He wasn't even
unzipped but he had unmistakably just ejaculated in his boxer shorts. What in
the name of God had caused that?

  "There's a bug going around, you may have caught it."

  "Yes, I must have."

  As soon as Doris left the Confessional, Father Elliot hurried to the Men's
Restroom. He went into a stall and lowered his trousers. His boxer shorts were
smeared with semen and his pubic hair was wet, soaked in fact.

  "It looks like somebody just gave me a very wet blowjob," thought Father
Elliott, "and the way I climaxed, I must have enjoyed it, except that no one
did. Hold it a minute, get a grip, priest."

   He took some tissue from the roll and wiped himself dry. For some reason, he
brought the tissue to his nose and inhaled. Along with the strong odor of semen
there was the scent of a woman's floral perfume. He had smelled it before and
recently. He thought a moment before recalling that one of this afternoon's
Penitents had worn it. Yes that was Candace Williams. The scent had been
distinctive and he remembered it.  It was a light floral perfume not the heavy
erotic perfume most women wore. But how had it gotten on his penis and what was
even more alarming what caused him to have an orgasm while listening to Doris
Sullivan's confession? Certainly, it wasn't Doris Sullivan. She was a matronly
type with a serious weight problem. Besides, Father Elliot had always managed to
keep his feelings about women under control.

  Father Elliot thought about the Williams. Father Elliot knew Daniel and
Candace well. He was pastor of St. Marks when they had moved here. He had
counseled Candace when Briana was born and she had been so desperately ill.
There was a time that the doctors had thought Candace was not going to live. The
Williams were devout Catholics, especially Candace.

  "How did it happen? What happened?" wondered Father Elliot. "Maybe I should
discuss this with the Monsignor. No, that would be a bad idea."

   Lately, the priest hood was terrified of anything that smacked of sexuality
between clergy and laity. Father Elliot decided to keep his mouth shut as far as
the Monsignor was concerned.

  Candace was something of an enigma to Father Elliot. She often volunteered at
the church and the nearby Catholic grammar school so Father Elliot on several
occasions found himself working beside her on various projects. Although Candace
was very shy and not the least assertive, Father Elliot knew she was highly
talented as an organizer and discussion group leader, at least when the groups
were small. She seemed to have a remarkable ability to persuade people to agree
on common goals.

  Another parishioner, Bernice Creswell, knew Candace when she attended
Georgetown University.  Father Elliot was surprised to learn from Bernice that
Candace had graduated Law School first in her class and had the highest score
ever on the Massachusetts Bar Exam, arguably one of the toughest in the nation.

  "Her IQ is out of sight. Technically, she's a genius. She speaks several
foreign languages," said Bernice.

  Father Elliot had confirmed her language capability when he found her speaking
Croatian with the daughter of a refugee family that St. Marks had sponsored.

  "Candace, where did you learn to speak Croatian?" asked Father Elliott after
he saw her talking to the Mesic's daughter in the hall of the grammar school.
Candace had been a member of the committee helping the Mesic's resettle in
America.

  "I thought Janica would be more comfortable if someone spoke her language. I
bought a textbook on the Internet and taught myself. I'm not very proficient."

  Later, Father Elliot was chatting with Stefan Mesic when he came to pick up
Janica after school.  Father Elliot spoke to Janica about her conversation with
Candace.

  "Janica, I saw Mrs. Williams speaking Croatian with you. Are you helping her
learn your native language?"

  "Mrs. Williams speaks Croat better that most Croatians. I'm amazed that she
knows our language, it's not considered easy to learn," said Stefan.

  "She told me she was not proficient."

  "Perhaps she was being modest. I would describe her Croatian as fluent,"
replied Stefan.     Stefan Mesic was an educated man, a physicist. Father Elliot
had always heard some people had a natural capability to quickly learn foreign
languages. He had to assume that Candace was one of them.

  There was also the question of how Candace looked. Father Elliot considered
Candace an extraordinarily beautiful woman but not the type that had ever made
him want to forget his vow of celibacy. Her clothes and manner were too
restrained. Some of the nuns who worked in the parish dressed worldlier than
Candace Williams. Her skirts were always ankle length. She wore loose fitting
slacks when she wasn't wearing a skirt. Father Elliot wasn't sure he had ever
seen Candace's knees. He surmised she had a good figure somewhere under those
clothes. She was only an inch or two shorter than he so he estimated Candace's
height at 5'10". 

  Father looked at his watch and realized he had been sitting on the commode for
almost fifteen minutes thinking about what had just happened. There must be a
logical explanation. Perhaps he transferred by touch the perfume smell from the
partition in the Confessional to his crotch.

   "Maybe her confession of her own sexual fantasies triggered something in my
mind. I must have masturbated without realizing it. Engaging in sexual fantasies
about female parishioners is not only a sin, it's a bad idea," concluded Father
Elliot deciding to put the matter aside. He had to get ready for evening Mass.

  "I'm a vile evil person whom God has rightly forsaken," cried Candace to
herself as she got in her car. "I don't deserve to be in the company of
believers. I should be cast out of the community of the faithful."

  Candace drove swiftly out of the parking lot her eyes full of tears. It was
only at the last moment that she realized she was almost at a stop sign and
traveling over sixty miles an hour in a zone posted at thirty miles per hour.
Candace was forced to slam on the breaks. Fortunately the anti-lock braking
system in her Lexus SUV brought her to an abrupt but straight stop.

  "Quiet yourself. Take a deep breath. You got to get yourself under control.
Briana needs her mother and Dan needs his wife. You could kill an innocent
person driving like a maniac. Maybe there is a physical explanation. Hormones, I
bet that's it, Women's desires are affected by hormones, maybe mine are out of
balance and that's the cause of these depraved thoughts. Jesus please forgive me
for what I just imagined about Father Elliot. He's a good priest and a man of
God. He deserves so much better than the kind of evil imaginings I subjected him
to, " said Candace as she drove slowly away from St. Marks.

   "Hormones that must be it. They can make a woman behave illogically. I should
schedule a complete checkup."

  Candace recalled that Doctor Abrams, her gynecologists, had said that hormonal
imbalance sometimes created irrational behavior. But that was five years ago
when Briana was born. It had been a difficult birth and Candace had almost died.
"No more babies, too dangerous for Candace," was the verdict. She and Dan had
wanted more children; but her physicians had said that the next child would
possibly kill her so Briana would be an only child. Dan had been seriously
disappointed that he would never have a son.

  It had been difficult to accept that there would be only one child. However,
she and Dan devoted themselves to raising Briana. Everything had been going well
until last month when she began to imagine these awful things.

  Candace decided to step back from this latest problem as she grabbed some
tissue from the dispenser in the car and wiped her eyes. "Let's get my feelings
under control. There's bound to be a rational explanation, If the source of my
problem is a hormonal imbalance, then its not really my fault," was what Candace
kept repeating to herself as she drove away from the church.

   "Just take a deep yoga breath and relax. The explanation is probably buried
in my screwed up female plumbing."

  Candace reminded herself that she was going on the annual Catholic women's
retreat this coming weekend. Dan and Briana were going to visit his family in
Connecticut while she spent Friday and Saturday night in a Carmelite convent
located two hours drive north of the city. Surely, spending two days with the
Carmelite sisters would bring her spiritual peace and banish all these impure
thoughts.

  "I need spiritually cleansing, somehow I have strayed from the true path, the
retreat will put me back on the right track," said Candace to herself.

  Candace's next line of thought surprised her. She decided that in the
meantime, maybe a little shopping might help her to clear her head and it might
even cheer her up. Candace had always rejected the idea that material things
could bring happiness but this afternoon, she felt desperate enough to give it a
try. She needed something else to think about besides her problem. Dan had
recently made a point of telling her she needed to update her wardrobe. Candace
realized she had several hours. She didn't have to pick up Briana from
pre-school until 2:00.

  "I could use some new clothes for the retreat and Macy's is having a sale.
Summer's coming and I need some lighter weight, cooler clothes. These
full-length skirts and long sleeve blouses are awfully warm. Lately I feel like
I'm suffocating. I might even try the new salon and spa that opened last week,
they sent me half off coupon," said Candace as she drove toward the mall.

   "I know it sounds shallow but my stepmother always said that there was
nothing like new clothes and the latest hair style to perk up a woman's spirits.
I certainly need something. If nothing else, it'll distract me for a few hours
and take my mind off all these bad things I keep imagining."




Chapter 2 - Dealing with Change



Please take note! Adults Only Literature

The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written for
adults only.

If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing this
file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
now.

This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
is purely coincidental, etc.

Copyright 2003

                                                                ****



  Dan inched along Route 128 at five miles per hour. It was the evening rush
hour and the normally slow traffic had come to a crawl. The traffic radio said
there was a multi-vehicle accident several miles ahead. Dan's thoughts wandered
to his marriage problems for what he calculated must be the thousandth time.
Like usual, he found himself talking about his frustration out loud.

  "How can Candace justify her complete lack of interest in sex? She's even in
denial that I think there's a problem. I heard her telling Bernice Creswell the
other day that she considered her marriage as perfect as possible. Where the
fuck did she get that idea?" thought Dan as he waited for the car ahead of him
to move.

  Okay, I screwed up when we were first married and agreed with all her nonsense
that sex was only for having kids and even masturbation was a sin. I was so
crazy about her and anxious to marry her I would have agreed to anything. It's
my own fault, my dick's not being sucked."

  Far up ahead, Dan could see the flashing lights of the police and the tow
trucks. He continued his diatribe.

  "Catholics normally have more kids than most. They must do some fucking. I
know I told her I agreed with her that sex was a sin unless it was for
procreation not pleasure. What a dumb thing to agree with. Why the hell did I
ever say that?"

  "Why did she get married if she thinks sex is a sin and a married couple is
not supposed to enjoy it?   I married a nun or at the least a nun want to be.
Why was I such an idiot? I thought she would change after we married but I swear
it's gotten worse. At least, I used to occasionally see her naked but now, she
undresses in the bathroom. We even make love in the dark when she can't find an
excuse not to. If you call making love, her lying there not moving a muscle
waiting for me to finish. Then she runs into the bathroom like I had filled her
vagina with poison. I can hear her douching her cunt like she was desperate to
get my evil jism out of her holy snatch. "

  Dan reached down and felt his cock through his trousers. He was already hard.
It was weird how even though he couldn't find a positive word to say about their
sex life, these tirades made him hard as a rock. He'd almost reached the point
where he felt he would never have a satisfactory sex life with his wife. As he
rubbed his cock, he vented more anger.

  "I'm going to have to start visiting a prostitute or have an affair or
something. I got to get some relief, something besides jerking off in the shower
every morning. Fantasies about Candace and me in three ways or me watching her
screw other men or eat pussy can only take you so far. I need some real
flesh-to-flesh sex. "

  "I'd like to see her spread out naked servicing a long line of men. I'd be
number twelve and when my big hard cock pushed into her twat, the other eleven
guy's cum would ooze out onto her cunt and drip down on my balls. Her nipples
would be swollen and red form being chewed on by the other men. Or maybe I'd ram
it in that virgin ass of hers and feel blooding oozing around my dick. Shit,
Daniel, get yourself under control. That kind of nonsense isn't mentally
healthy. She's your wife and the mother of your daughter and you still love
her."

  Dan thought about all the things he had done to encourage Candace to have some
interest in sex. Things she had pointedly ignored. For her birthday, he had
gotten her a subscription to Cosmopolitan that she threw in the trash as soon as
the postman delivered it. He had purchased videotapes on the "joy of sex" that
she had refused to watch. He had argued with her that she had a duty as a wife
to take an interest in sex and make it pleasurable for both of them. She had
replied that sex according to the church's teaching was for the purpose of
procreation not pleasure. The funny thing is that she's not listening to
anything I say. I also heard her tell Bernice Creswell that we were in one
hundred percent agreement about the proper role of sex in a Catholic marriage."

  "I'm married to one of the most beautiful woman anywhere with a terrific face
and figure. She could have been a model or gone to Hollywood; everyone said that
when she was in college. I can get an erection just thinking about those long
legs, that tight little butt and those firm beautiful breasts. I'm like a kid in
a candy store with no money."

  When other men met Candace they envied Dan. One of his co-workers had actually
said something to him after the last office Christmas party.

  "What did you do to deserve her? I wish my wife looked half that good. If you
ever want to swap for a weekend, let me know."

  "He'd send her back after the first half hour," thought Dan.

  "The problem is that the only thing that Candace gets excited about are things
like her Catholic Women's Retreat this weekend. Just what my love life needs, a
wife who thinks spending a weekend at a convent is exciting."

   The traffic jam finally broke up and Dan reached his exit. Like always he
repeated the countervailing arguments to himself as he drove into his garage.

  "I love Candace. I love her so much and I couldn't live without her. I love
Briana. Candace is a wonderful mother. She has character and she's very bright
and funny when she wants to be. I have a good job, a terrific family and maybe
one day things will change and I will have a sex life."

  Daniel entered the house through the kitchen. Candace was helping Briana put
together a puzzle. Daniel took one look at his wife and immediately noticed some
changes.

  "I like," said Daniel Williams as he kissed his wife on the cheek.   He leaned
down to pick up Briana and gave her a hug. Briana squealed and gave her daddy a
fierce hug.

  "What do you like?" asked Candace.

  "The new Candace, you win a free makeover?"

  "I decided I need a little cheering up. Macy's was having a sale and there was
a special at the new salon and spa in the mall. I had a coupon so I gave them a
try. Even at half off, I spent quite a bit over my usual. I hope you don't
mind."

  "No, we can afford it. I'm glad the salon was having a special too? I like
your hair. It makes you look younger."

  "I saw it in a book at the salon. The stylist said it was just perfect for my
face. I was hoping you'd like it."

  "I like it a lot but I'm just a little surprised."

  "Really, why?"

  "Well, for starters, that's the shortest skirt I've ever seen you in, not that
you don't have the kind of legs other women would die for, don't get me wrong,
I'm all for it, Those long skirts make you look old. I'm just like I said, a
little surprised."

  "Summer is coming and I felt it was too hot for long skirts. Blame it on
global warning."

  "Too hot to wear a bra," asked Dan realizing that he could clearly see
Candace's nipples poking through the thin cotton top she was wearing. Dan had
seen Candace throw away brassieres and blouses that permitted her nipples to
show. Immodest was the way Candace had described sweaters that permitted her
teats to create visible bumps.

  "Yes, I may be having some female hormone issues, hot flashes,
pre-menopausal."

  "Goodness, Candace, you're only twenty-seven," said Dan looking concerned.

  "I know. But I've been feeling a little strange lately. I made an appointment
with Doctor Abrams."

  "Now, I'm starting to worry," said Dan as he came over to take his wife into
his arms for a hug. He was surprised when instead of the usual kiss on the
cheek; she turned her head and kissed him on the lips. She nestled her body into
his and then wrapped her arms around his neck and kissed him again. Her lips
felt warm and moist. Dan felt her bra-less breasts push against his chest. When
he let her go, he would have sworn her nipples looked larger.

  "Wow, whatever is wrong, I hope some of its effects are permanent and not a
health problem," said Dan. Dan almost suggested they reschedule their monthly
intercourse to tonight but decided not to push his luck. Candace allowed him to
have intercourse with her one Saturday each month.

  Later, as they got ready for bed, Dan noticed that Candace instead of
retreating into the bathroom and putting on a nightgown, undressed right in
front of him. What really shocked him was that when she slipped out of her
skirt, she was wearing panties very unlike the full cut cotton panties she had
worn ever since he had known her. These were lace and cut high on the sides with
just a brief triangle covering her sex.

  "New lingerie too?"

  "These were on sale. I thought they were pretty. The clerk said it was the
most popular style they sold. They're called thongs. What do you think?" Candace
turned around to show him there was only a small triangle of fabric covering her
butt.

  "They're very nice and they look good on you," was all that Dan could manage.
He pictured himself removing her panties with his teeth then licking up and down
the crack of her ass.

  But what made him really astounded Dan was when Candace removed the panties to
reveal a shaved delta.

  "I didn't know you shaved down there, not that I see you naked that often.
When did that happen?"

  "Today, I got a Brazilian bikini wax at the spa. It hurt like hell when they
pulled the wax strips off. All that pubic hair was too warm. This feels much
cooler. Tell me did they remove all the hair?" Candace climbed up on the bed in
the table position and spread her legs. Dan found himself looking at a
completely bald ass hole and two pink pussy lips. Candace reached her hand
between her legs and spread her labia.

  "Were they thorough?" asked Candace holding her labia apart.

  "I can't see a single hair. How do they do that?" Dan was keenly aware of how
shy Candace was about her body. He had a hard time picturing Candace being
willing to let strangers at a spa see her naked.

  "The first step is to get naked. Then you get up on a table in the all fours
position like I'm in now. The spa girl spread my cheeks and snipped my butt
hairs with scissors. They then apply a thin coat of melted wax and place strips
of cloth on the wax. When the wax hardens, they yank the strips off taking the
small hairs with them. I had to put my fist in my mouth to keep from screaming.
Then I turned over and she did the same thing to my pubic mound and labia. That
was the part that hurt like hell."

  "You must really be concerned about global warming to be willing to go through
all that. I'm surprised you weren't too embarrassed to let a woman touch you
down there."

  "She was Brazilian and had beautiful dark chocolate skin. Silly, it's okay to
let another woman touch my pussy. You haven't told me whether you like it or
not? Rub your hand over it and feel how smooth it is?"

"The news has been reporting how global warming would be changing our
environment. I guess I just didn't appreciate how close to home some of the
changes might be, is global warming responsible for your starting to swear?"

   Dan felt his cock getting hard as he passed his fingers over Candace's
vagina. He traced his fingers around her asshole. He had to admit there wasn't a
trace of a hair. He resisted the urge to place his mouth on her asshole and
start licking. He was shocked to feel wetness on the surface of her labia. It
took all his self-control not to run his finger into her cunt and finger fuck
his wife. Somehow he had the impression, Candace wanted him to do just that. He
sensed that she was provoking him to take her right then and there. He thought
he detected a low moan when he touched her labia. However, he knew that couldn't
be. I better control myself and not make any sudden uninvited moves.

  "What do you mean?"

  "You just said 'it hurt like hell and you used the word pussy', I've never
known you to swear."

  "I did, didn't I? I'll have to confess that next week at St. Marks. Anyway, I
wanted to stay cool this summer. So, it's okay with you?"

  "Yes, I wish you'd done it last summer or even the summer before, staying cool
is a terrific idea. I'm going to brush my teeth."  Dan knew he had to leave the
room to calm down or he would be trying to talk Candace into sex or even worse
throwing her down on the bed and ramming his cock in her. He thought her make
over was wonderful, the answer to his prayers. Maybe now she will open up about
her body and sex. Who knows she might agree to screw him once a week instead of
once a month.

  "But I'm going to take it slow and feel my way. I don't want to upset her,"
decided Dan. He was terrified that if he rushed her, it might ruin everything.

  Later, Dan thought it even stranger when Candace slipped into bed wearing a
new negligee. Her breasts were clearly visible through the thin material. In six
years of marriage, she had always slept in flannel nightgowns or pajamas that
covered everything.

  "New sleepwear too, that's very pretty, you're so beautiful," said Dan as he
kissed Candace goodnight and turned off the light.

  To Dan there was definitely something happening. He pondered the changes in
Candace as he waited for sleep to come. The question was what or why, actually
both. Dan hoped she was okay. He had been alarmed when she mentioned hormone
problems. God could this be a permanent change or just a one day thing due to
some crazy swing of her hormones? I hope not thought Dan as lay there resisting
the urge to roll over on Candace and see if she would let him have intercourse
with her.

  While he liked the idea of a wife that dressed younger and sexier, he was
having trouble adjusting to the amount of change occurring in a single day.
Plus, the changes seemed to be happening without any cause he could discern.

  After they turned out the light, Dan executed a mental checklist of the
changes in his wife.

  "Ankle length skirt and long sleeve blouse replaced by very short and tight
jeans skirt and sexy tank top with no bra, nipples clearly visible.  Clingy thin
material of the top revealed not only her nipples but also her areola. You could
actually see those fucking milk bumps. God what do I do if she starts to dress
this way all the time but still has the same negative attitude toward sex. I'll
fucking kill myself."

  "And can you believe it, she was wearing a thong. The kind that's made to
shove to one side so your date can feel your pussy and even slip his cock inside
without you taking down your drawers, a fucking thong of all things," thought
Dan feeling his cock get hard.

  "Another thing was that her normal practice of making sure husband never sees
her naked replaced by casually undressing right in front of him and sleeping in
a sexy negligee instead of ugly flannel pajamas. She had her cunt and asshole
waxed by another woman. She even let me touch her shaved cunt and see her
asshole. I'm not sure I've ever seen her asshole before in all the years we've
been married. I could fall in love with the little brown pucker if she'd let me.
Please God. Don't let me forget that shaved cunt when I'm jerking off in the
shower tomorrow."

  Dan wondered if aliens have kidnapped his wife and substituted one of their
own. Maybe she just saw how unhappy I am and decided to change for the sake of
our marriage. Candace is very smart. She was a straight A student in college.
I've seen her watch Jeopardy and answer every question correctly. Some of her
professors thought she was a genius. Or maybe like she said, her hormones were
out of kilter and this is the result. Dan was both pleased and concerned.
Something just didn't make sense.




Chapter 3 - Monastery of St. Therese



Please take note! Adults Only Literature

The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written for
adults only.

If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing this
file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
now.

This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
is purely coincidental, etc.

Copyright 2003

                                                                ****



  Candace had hoped for good weather during the two-hour drive to the Monastery
of St. Therese. In good weather, it could be a very beautiful drive since much
of the countryside was picturesque New England. But by mid afternoon, the sky
turned dark. By the time, Dan got home from work and she had seen him and Briana
off to his parents, it was starting to sprinkle. But the heavy rain didn't start
until Candace got outside the city and on the road to Berwick, Maine.

  The rain forced the traffic to slow down and that gave Candace a chance to
think. The prospect of seeing Sister Agatha and the other Sisters of Mt. Carmel
brightened her spirits. There hadn't been any more 'happenings'. Candace was
looking forward to two days of spiritual cleansing. The nuns and the laity would
be jointly conducting a series of workshops on the family, modern morality and
the role of Catholic womanhood in today's world. Candace was hoping it would be
intellectually and spiritually stimulating.

  Candace reached down and pulled her skirt up to her thighs. These clothes were
too warm. For the Retreat, she had dressed in one of her long skirts and worn a
bra and a silk long sleeved blouse. The bra felt like it bound her in all the
wrong places and the blouse's sleeves were just plain hot. Still, it wouldn't do
to show up at the Monastery in a short skirt and bra-less tank top. Candace
passed her arm over her forehead and realized she was covered in perspiration. 
Candace turned up the car's air conditioner to maximum and soon felt more
comfortable.

  "If I could, I'd drive without a stitch on," thought Candace who immediately
wondered where those thoughts were coming from. "Drive unclothed, that's just
not me, what if someone saw me or I was caught in traffic."

  Candace thought about her marriage. Her little makeover had certainly pleased
Dan. He had been so grumpy lately. He made a habit of finding fault with
everything she did. However, after the clothes and the new hairdo, he had gone
out of his way to be nice. He even quit complaining about her going on the
Retreat.

  Candace had only had one disquieting moment since the incident after her
confession at St. Marks. On Friday afternoon, when she returned home after
picking up Briana, she passed by the full-length mirror in the master bedroom
and froze when she saw her image. Her tight khaki skirt only reached mid thigh
and it hugged her rear. She was wearing a green cotton top with no bra and her
nipples and areola were clearly visible through the thin material. Somehow it
was if she was looking at herself for the first time since she had adopted her
new look. Until that week, she had always worn her hair long, slightly more than
shoulder width, now it was cropped short.

  Candace looked at herself for a while and thought, "It doesn't look like me or
at least the way I'm used to looking. I never dressed to attract men. I thought
that was sinful. Now I look like one of those women who want men to look at her
body. If I keep thinking and dressing this way, I'll become someone who walks by
construction sites in order to listen to the workers make lewd remarks."

  Candace gave a passing thought to driving over to the office building being
constructed in the nearby industrial park and walking around. Candace wondered
what kind of nasty things they would say.

   "What's getting into me?" thought Candace as she shrugged off the idea?
"Would I really enjoy the way they would talk and the things they would yell?"

   Candace took another look at herself raising her chest to push her breasts
out.

   "Dan loves to look at my tits. Since I'm going bra-less, I see him looking at
them every chance he gets. I just wish he'd do more than look," thought Candace,
"My stepmother used to say that I had the kind of breasts and legs that men
would do anything to possess but I couldn't stand the idea that men would look
at me that way."

  "Anyway, Dan likes it and the church says that wives should dress to please
their husbands. Father Elliot had said that physical attraction was vital to
maintaining a strong Catholic marriage. I shouldn't dress like this but somehow
it feels more comfortable and it's definitely cooler. I've been so warm lately.
Maybe I need some kind of hormone therapy. There's a lady at the church who's my
age and already on estrogen replacement therapy. Between the retreat and my
doctor's visit next week, I just know I'm going to be all right."

  Candace pulled the khaki skirt up to reveal the lace panties. There was just a
tiny triangle of material covering her vagina.

  "Dan sure liked these well enough. Men appreciate that sort of thing. The way
he kept staring at my panties felt good. There's nothing wrong with a wife
making an effort to attract and hold her husband's attention."

  Candace pulled the panties to one side to expose her pubic area. Her mind
raced to other thoughts.

  "And he went nuts about my bikini wax. I suppose somewhere deep down I sensed
that I was not making enough of an effort to please him. I was being selfish.
That was why he was getting to be so hard to live with. When I get back from the
retreat, I'm going to suggest we have sex more frequently. Candace looked back
into the mirror as she stuck and breasts out provocatively then she adjusted her
stance so her skirt pulled tight across her bottom.  She pinched her nipples so
they stood out more prominently.

  "This is what Dan wants," whispered Candace. I need to quit being such a
prude. Dan's right. I'm young and I've got a good figure. These clothes look
good on me. It's all right for a Catholic wife to dress in a way that's
attractive to her husband. I should be more accommodating in bed too. Once a
month is not enough for a healthy virile man like Dan. He should have me
whenever he wants and even whatever way he wants. Dan's a good faithful husband
and he deserves a wife who's sensitive to his sexual needs. As long as things
were kept within certain limits, there's nothing wrong with some of the things
he wants to do."

  Without thinking, Candace reached down, shoved her panties down, parted her
labia and began to rub her clitoris.

  "Oh, that feels good. I wish Dan was here to put his cock in me," whispered
Candace as she rubbed her sex.

  Candace hadn't consciously masturbated since her freshman year in high school
after the nuns told her that masturbation was a sin. Of course, there had been
her recent dreams where she masturbated in her sleep but this was different. I'm
wide-awake, playing with myself thought Candace and I don't want to stop.
Candace increased her rubbing and was becoming aroused when there was an
interruption.

  "What are you doing, Mama?" asked Briana coming into the room sipping a box of
juice.

  "Nothing sweetheart, go back into the kitchen and drink your juice," said
Candace quickly pulling up her panties and lowering her skirt.

  "I would have masturbated until I climaxed if Briana hadn't come into the
room. This has got to be hormonal. I've never felt the need to pleasure myself
before. What else could it be?" concluded Candace. After that, she had busied
herself with getting Briana ready to go see her grandparents.

  Candace inserted a CD into the car's player. It was Leonard Bernstein's Mass,
her favorite. Afterwards if there was time, she would play Handel's Requiem. The
sound of a symphony orchestra supported by a large chorale filled the car and
Candace relaxed to the music.

  "I'll listen to the Mass on the drive. As the music soars so will my spirits.
This weekend, I'm going to immerse myself in the church and God and the Holy
Mother and by Monday, everything will be just perfect," exclaimed Candace as she
drove on through the heavy rain.

  Candace had studied the program for the Retreat. Friday night there was a
reception in the Welcome Center from 6:00 until 7:30. There would be wine and
appetizers. Dinner was at 8:00 and Evening Mass at 9:00. After Mass, strict
silence would be observed until 10:00 the next morning when the workshops began.
The period of silence was to be used for meditation and spiritual growth.

 The Monastery of St. Therese was set on a promontory overlooking the Merrimack
River. It was a beautiful locale when the weather was good but looked rather
gloomy in the rain. The main building was constructed in the late 1900's and
imposed itself over a number of more recently constructed buildings. From a
distance, it looked like an organized pile of brick and granite.

  Over the years, Candace had spent considerable time at the monastery. In the
summer after she graduated high school, she had gone there to decide whether she
had the vocation to become a Carmelite Nun. Although Candace felt a strong
inclination toward the sisterhood, Sister Agatha, the Reverend Mother, had
discouraged her for reasons that Candace never fully understood.  Sister Agatha
had told her to wait a while before marrying Christ. After that summer, she had
gone to college, met Dan, fell in love and became engaged.

  Still, Candace loved to visit the monastery and be with the sisters,
especially the novices. No one looked more forward to the quarterly New England
Catholic Women's Retreats than Candace Williams. In spite of the slow traffic,
Candace arrived only a few minutes late. She threw her overnight case into her
room and hurried to the reception.

  Candace was standing at the reception with a glass of wine in her hand talking
to two of the novices when she heard Sister Agatha call her name.

  "Candace, come here and meet Father Gregory."

  Candace excused herself and hurried over to the short stooped elderly Nun
standing beside the tall priest. The priest was talking to another member of the
retreat and only turned toward her when she reached the Reverend Mother, Sister
Agatha.

  "This must be Candace. The one you said was far too pretty to be a Nun," said
Father Gregory as he turned toward her.

  "Let me warn you Candace. We have a charmer among us. I better keep you away
from my novices. There'd be no telling what mischief you'd cause," laughed
Sister Agatha.

  "Father Gregory," repeated the priest shaking Candace's hand. Candace felt
something strange as Father Gregory's hand held hers. It was as if a pulse of
energy passed into her hand from his. His hand felt warm, almost hot.

  Candace found herself staring into the most hypnotic pair of eyes she had ever
experienced. They were dark and deeply set. Father Gregory was well over six
feet tall with broad shoulders and a narrow waist. Candace had encountered few
priests with a slim athletic build. The priestly lifestyle tended to sedentary.
In the six years, Father Elliot had been at St. Marks; he had ballooned from a
slender young man's build to a physique bordering on overweight. Father Gregory
had a head of unruly cold black hair that seemed long for a priest. Father
Gregory also looked familiar but Candace couldn't recall where she had seen him.

  "Father, I believe we've met before. Have you ever visited St. Marks?" asked
Candace.

  "Once or twice, but I would recall meeting someone as beautiful as you."

  "Now you stop flirting, Father. Candace will get the wrong impression of you,"
said Sister Agatha.

  There was also something odd about his clothes that only someone with
Candace's background would have noticed. Candace's father had been a tailor. He
had a small shop in Boston's financial district. He custom tailored suits for
the city's business elite. His suits were very expensive but considered the best
to be had in New England. Candace worked in the shop every summer and knew how
to recognize custom tailoring. Father Gregory's black suit was tailored by a
master and the material looked expensive, probably a blend of fine English wool
with the best grades of Scottish cashmere. The black clerical shirt was
hand-sewn raw silk. Priests usually wore cheap black wool suits that looked like
they were bought off the rack at J.C.Pennys. Father Gregory dressed and looked
like he was President of Chase Manhattan Bank.

  "We're so lucky to have Father Gregory. Father Cannon was scheduled to be the
spiritual advisor for the retreat but he was taken ill. So the Bishop sent
Father Gregory in his place," gushed the Reverend Mother.

  "Well, let's hope you still feel the same when the retreat is over. Father
Cannon is a very able priest and I will be hard pressed to match his skills in
leading tomorrow's workshops."

  "False modesty is a sin. Candace, Father Gregory is an inestimable scholar and
devout man of God.  He led the novices in a discussion of the life of Jesus
Christ just this afternoon. You could actually feel the spiritual growth of
those fortunate enough to be in the room. It was the most remarkable combination
of Christian scholarship combined with a powerful and charismatic message that I
have ever experienced. Several of novices commented that it was as if you
actually knew Jesus Christ and had walked with him to the Cross."

  "Well, actually I did. I'm older than I look," said Father Gregory laughing.

  "Aw, there's Sister Beatrice, I must talk to her about a scheduling conflict.
Excuse me for a minute. Candace, you behave yourself and don't flirt too much
with the Father." Sister Agatha scurried away toward a plump nun who had just
entered the room.

  "Nuns love to flirt, especially the Sisters of Mt. Carmel. Do you think they
do that to make God jealous?" asked Father Gregory now that he and Candace were
alone.

  "I don't know how to answer," said Candace considering his remark a strange
one for a priest.

  "There probably is no answer. I see you admire good tailoring, that's a
complement coming from a tailor's daughter."

  "It's elegant and beautifully made; but how did you know my father was a
tailor?"

  "I'm not sure. Perhaps Sister Agatha mentioned it to me. You're one of her
favorites and she was right. You are much too pretty to be a nun. Having such
beauty must bring it's own set of problems."

  "Strange you should mention that but lately Father, I have been deeply
troubled. I'm having a crisis of faith. It's very personal. Perhaps, you could
counsel me individually this weekend if there is time." Candace found herself
drawn to Father Gregory and even willing to confide in him things she could
never speak about with Father Elliott.

  "I will make time. The spiritual health of our flock should always be our
number one concern. Unfortunately, tomorrow is totally occupied with workshops.
We could meet tonight after evening mass."

  "That's supposed to be our period of silence."

  "I think I can issue you a dispensation if you feel your problem is serious."

  "It is very serious. I need spiritual help in the worst possible way. My faith
is being tested as never before."

  "Then by all means, let's treat this as a priority. They've put me up in the
Loudon Hall, Room 112. Say 10:30."

  "I'm sorry to be such a bother but things have really been spinning out of
control lately, Father."

  "Just remember, there's nothing that you and God can't handle especially with
a little help from the Bishop of Rome or one of his helpers," said Father
Gregory as he reached out and put his hand on Candace's forearm. Once again,
Candace felt a surge of energy pass into her body. It wasn't like an electrical
spark. It was more like the strong current of a river in flood.

  Candace felt instantly better at the thought of being able to unburden herself
about the recent events. There was a moment of apprehension when she realized
she would have to be talking about sexual matters with someone who was both a
man and a priest, and in his room late at night. But Father Gregory was a man of
God. Even Reverend Mother Agatha had attested to his learning and his ability to
interpret the life of Christ. Candace felt comforted that she would soon be
sharing her problems with this man of great faith.

  Sister Agatha returned at that moment and took Father Gregory away to meet
someone else.

  Candace was left alone for a moment at the reception. As she surveyed the
room, she was rather surprised that outside of Bernice Creswell, who also
worshipped at St. Marks, there was not a single woman she recognized other than
the Carmelite Sisters.  Candace had gotten to know several New England Catholic
women at previous retreats who were active in the life of the church. The fact
that none of them were at this Retreat seemed strange.

  "Candace, I'm just dying to meet you," said a slender red headed lady who
stepped in front of Candace.

  "Connie Barker, " said the lady extending her hand.

  "Candace Williams, Is this your first time here?"

  "The first time at Mt. Therese. I live in Davenport, Iowa. I usually attend
closer to home. But of course, this Retreat's special."

  "I hope it's very special. I've certainly been looking forward to it."

  "When you come to Iowa, you can make our place your headquarters, we have
plenty of room. Every facility will be made available to you."

  "That's very kind of you, but headquarters for what? I've never been to Iowa.
Although I'm sure it a lovely state, I have no plans to go there," said Candace
thinking the Connie had her confused with someone else or had been drinking too
much wine, perhaps both.

  "Well, we're there when you need us," said Connie looking like someone who
just realized she had just made a mistake. Connie excused herself and hurried
away.

  Over the course of the next several minutes, a dozen women introduced
themselves to Candace. Candace was surprised that the attendees were from every
area of the United States.  At previous retreats, Candace had encountered women
only from the New England region. The women also seemed younger and better
dressed than at past meetings.

  By the end of the reception, Candace was beginning to think she was being
confused with someone else. Everyone seemed to make a point of approaching her
and introducing themselves. It was like she was the guest of honor. Several said
they were looking forward to working with her. "Maybe there's another Candace,"
was her concluding thought.

  At dinner, Candace was seated between two novices, Maria Consuela, from
Guatemala and Anna Estelle, who had just arrived from New York's Staten Island.
The youth and cheerful enthusiasm of the novices swept Candace along and for a
while she forgot her concerns. They were both so firm in their faith and so sure
of their vocation that Candace was reassured that the Retreat would set her feet
on the right path and her recent imaginings would be things of the past.

  "I know that God and Father Gregory will help me," decided Candace as she
listened to their conversation about the workshop Father Gregory had conducted
that afternoon.

  "At the end of the workshop, he went around the room and placed his hands on
our heads as we prayed with him. I actually felt the spirit of God entering my
body when he touched me. Father Gregory described Jesus' temptation in the
wilderness in such a beautiful and compelling fashion I actually cried," said
Maria Consuela.

  "He must have an unshakeable faith. That's always the basis for being able to
lead others to God," said Anna Estelle.

  After dinner, everyone hurried into the Cathedral of St. Therese. The church
was considered an architectural jewel. Donated by a wealthy railroad baron and
constructed in the late 1900's, the monastery church was richly furnished. The
pews were constructed with imported Guatemalan mahogany and the altars carved
from Travertine Italian marble. The stained glass windows were designed and
built in the Tiffany workshops.  Gold leaf covered the wall behind the altar.
The statuary was created in Italy in the same studios employed by the Vatican
itself. Visitors had proclaimed it the most handsome church on the North
American continent.

  Candace was in awe of Father Gregory by the time Mass ended. Father Gregory
conducted a beautiful and moving service. He was incredibly graceful and his
deep baritone voice spoke the Latin Liturgy with force and power.  Toward the
end, he climbed into the pulpit and delivered a message about the spiritual
goals of tomorrow's workshops. The message was one of challenge and renewal of
faith. Candace always believed there were priests who could take the performance
of a Mass and somehow elevate it to another level. Father Gregory was one of
them. When Mass ended, everyone hurried back to their room for personal prayers
and to observe a strict regimen of silence.

  At 10:25, Candace found herself entering Loudon Hall. It was an old building,
part of the original monastery. As she pushed open the large glass paneled entry
door, she was startled at her reflection in the glass. She was wearing a white
cotton tank top with no bra and a red silk skirt that was short, very short. She
must have changed out of the clothes she'd worn earlier. Strange, she didn't
remember changing clothes or even packing what she was wearing. Her gold large
hoop earrings and a wide gold bracelet were two pieces of jewelry she didn't
recall owning but she was wearing them. For shoes, she wore a pair of open toed
three-inch heels with ankle straps. Candace looked closely at the glass appalled
at the heavy make-up she was wearing.

   "I've never worn this much eye liner. I look like one of those prostitutes
you see on the television news standing on the curb talking to men in cars, this
skirt barely covers my bottom," thought Candace.

  "My God, I can't meet with Father Gregory dressed this way. He'll think I'm
trying to seduce him or that I'm a whore or both," said Candace.

  Candace considered running back to her room and changing. But there wasn't
time to return to her room and change. And somehow in spite of her clothes, she
wanted to be dressed that way. This uncontrolled desire to dress provocatively
was part of her problem. Father Gregory would understand.

   "When he sees how I'm dressed, he'll know I have a serious problem."

  Candace knocked quietly on the door of Room 112. In one of those movements
that baffled her, she pinched her nipples to make sure they stood out right as
Father Gregory was opening the door. Candace considered it a little odd to be
meeting with a priest in his room at this late hour. The door opened and Father
Gregory stood aside inviting Candace to enter.

  "I really appreciate your seeing me at this time of the evening, I know you've
had a long day," said Candace. Candace saw that she was in a small sitting room.
There was another door she assumed lead to the bedroom. Candace was glad there
were two rooms. Candace would have felt uncomfortable if there were a bed
nearby.

  "Please be seated, Candace," said Father Gregory.

  "Thank you for seeing me. I loved the way you conducted this evening's mass.
You made me proud to be a Catholic."

  "Saying Mass is one of my life's purest pleasures, it is a reward in and of
itself just to be permitted to do it.  You've thanked me enough by coming here.
Your confidence in me is most gratifying. Now what seems to be your problem?"

  Candace found herself seated in a winged armchair directly opposite Father
Gregory. He was seated in a matching chair. Candace realized how short her skirt
was when she sat down and it came up to expose almost all her thighs. Candace
carefully crossed her legs thinking I bet he can see my panties. "Oh my God,
he'll think I'm an awful person, a promiscuous woman who made this late
appointment just to seduce him," thought Candace. Candace decided to let Father
Gregory know up front that her appearance was not her normal attire.

  "First of all, just look at me. Recently, I've started dressing immodestly; I
have always dressed conservatively, now for reasons I do not understand I find
myself dressing in fashions that display my body. This is an example. I'm
compelled against my will to dress this way, I'm not even conscious of what I'm
doing, I don't remember buying these clothes, I didn't become aware of what I
was wearing until I saw my reflection when I entered this building."

  "I don't see a problem. What I do see is a beautiful woman, a woman who likes
to feel the eyes of men on her body when she passes by. You have remarkable legs
and exquisite breasts. It's perfectly normal for Catholic women to want to be
considered desirable. It's certainly not sinful. Attracting the lust of other
men and even women is something you will learn to enjoy."

  "I'm not sure I understand you, Father. I always though willfully encouraging
others to sin was a sin itself. Besides, it's just not me. I've always dressed
so as not to be considered desirable and lead others to sinful thoughts. Not
only am I a sinner for dressing this way but also I cause others to sin when
they look at me and have impure thoughts. But the clothes are only part of it.
Recently, I've started to imagine things, sexual things that arouse me and bring
me into a state of Lust, one of the seven deadly sins."

  "Describe in detail the first such thing you imagined?"

  "It difficult to speak about."

  "You must be able to describe it if I am to help you."

  "A man, a worker in the grocery store where I shop. He felt my breast. Rather
I imagined he felt my breast."

  "What precisely did he do or as you say, you imagined him doing?"

  "He slipped his hand inside my bra and pinched my nipple with his fingers."
Candace was shocked that she expressed herself so boldly, using the word
"nipple".

  "Show me exactly what you imagined, demonstrate what you imagined he did."
There was a tone of command in Father Gregory's voice. Candace found herself
eager to follow his dictate.

  Candace looked directly at Father Gregory as she slipped the strap of her tank
top off her shoulder. She pushed the material down to expose her breast. She
captured the nipple between her fingers and squeezed it hard. She moaned with
pleasure.

  "Oh that feels good just like when I imagined he was doing it. He pulled and
twisted my nipples. Look, he twisted and pinched hard but it didn't hurt. The
pleasure of it takes my breath away."

  Candace without any prompting quickly slipped the other shoulder strap down
and grabbed her other nipple. She twisted them and pulled them away from her
body as she let out a long low moan of pleasure.

  "Oooohhhhhh" Candace gasped out as she pulled and twisted her breasts. She was
having trouble not slipping her hand between her legs and grabbing her sex. It
was as if a cloud of intense lust had engulfed her body and she was powerless to
resist. The feelings were so extreme she was totally under their control.
Nothing could have forced her to stop twisting and pinching her nipples.

  "How can I be doing this in front of a priest, a man of God, am I losing my
mind?" were the thoughts that rampaged through Candace's head. "Oh that feels so
good when I dig my nails into the flesh," was the thought that seized ultimate
control over Candace's mind. Her fingers were pinching her nipples flat as she
pulled and twisted them. Even the pain is pleasure," thought Candace.

  "Talk to me about what he did and how you felt," commanded Father Gregory.

  "I imagined that the man had my nipples between his fingers and he was
squeezing them hard, rolling them back and forth, it hurt and yet it felt good.
See, just like this. I felt sexually aroused. I'm that way now. I feel heat
between my legs and I'm starting to lubricate my vagina. Forgive me Father. I'm
behaving sordidly but I can't help it. Why am I acting this way?"

  "Can you still feel Mike's rough hands twisting your nipples until you want to
scream with pleasure? The sensation of his calloused workingman's fingers
mauling your breasts caused you intense gratification. It was as if you were
some prostitute standing in an alley up against a brick wall with the smell of
garbage in your nostrils. Mike's dirty hands were kneading your breasts before
he pulled up your skirt and slid his hard cock in your hungry cunt. Your arms
would be around his shoulders with the twenty-dollar bill he paid to fuck you
clutched in one hand. You wanted to be treated as a street whore who had sold
yourself to a customer whose name you didn't bother to ask. You really loved it
when Mike was touching your breasts, didn't you? "

  "Yes, oh yes, I can still feel it, but it's not right, how did you know his
name was Mike?" gasped Candace pulling her nipples out as far as she could and
twisting them harder as her fingers applied even greater pressure to the soft
flesh.  "I'm out of control, Father Gregory, please see that and help me,"
begged Candace looking directly into Father Gregory's eyes as she dug her nails
into her own flesh.

  "I know because I was there. Now, Candace, keep talking and pull up your skirt
and touch yourself, show me how much you enjoy the pleasure of masturbation, I
know you are doing that while you sleep," said Father Gregory in a calm quiet
voice.

  Candace quickly stood up and pulled her skirt up and touched her clitoris. She
realized her vagina was exposed. She had not worn panties when she dressed to
visit Father Gregory.

  "See, I'm not wearing any panties, oh Blessed Virgin Mary, Mother of God, help
me, I'm becoming a whore," said Candace as she sat back down. She was furiously
rubbing her clitoris while the other hand firmly clutched and kneaded her
breast. She spread and draped her legs over the chair arms exposing her sex to
the maximum degree. She thrust her sex forward so her clit was protruding as her
fingers furiously rubbed it.

  "That's right. Spread your legs so you are completely exposed. You're not yet
a whore but you soon will be, a Roman Catholic whore, our favorite," said Father
Gregory as he smiled.

  Candace's mind was immersed in the feelings that were coming from her breast
and clitoris. Her legs were spread as wide as they would go. She found the idea
that Father Gregory was watching her made it even more erotic. She felt her
pleasure build as she sensed an orgasm was imminent. The one thing she did know
was that she was under the control of Father Gregory. Her own will was
completely subordinated to his.

  "Let's keep talking as you masturbate. You'll climax in a minute. Now, what
was your second moment of impure thoughts, tell me," commanded Father Gregory.

  "I was in the checkout line at the pharmacy. I imagined I engaged in lesbian
sex with a young girl in line with me, she kissed me and she put her hand
between my legs, I grabbed her buttocks and pulled her into me," said Candace as
she continued to finger her clit. Her breath was coming in gasps as she talked.
She realized she was so wet; it was practically flowing from her. There would be
a wet spot on the chair cushion.

  "And you overheard her boyfriend asking her to invite you for a three way. If
they had, would you have gone?"

  "No, of course not, I would never do that," cried Candace as she reached her
climax.  She shuddered and writhed in the chair. She threw her legs wider over
the arms of the chair and buried her fingers in her vagina as she convulsed.

  "Oh Jesus fuck me, ram your carpenter's cock deep in my cunt and fuck me like
the worthless street whore I am," screamed Candace as she climaxed.

  "You're beginning to cross over and join us. By tomorrow night, you will
belong to the Master body and soul," said Father Gregory in a quiet voice.

  Father Gregory sat patiently as Candace writhed and convulsed in a prolonged
orgasm that felt like it went on forever and left her breathless and exhausted.

  "Powerful cum, wasn't it? You'll have many more of those and even better ones.
At the pharmacy, I considered having you go with Lois and Tommy but decided I
wanted to be patient with you. I also wanted to participate in person.  Still,
you would have enjoyed an afternoon of sex with two teenagers. Tommy is quite
well endowed and has the stamina of youth. He also likes to knock the women he
fucks around a bit. Tommy's dad liked to get drunk and beat him and his mom with
a belt so Tommy learned his sadism at his daddy's knee. Lois is submissive and
finds sex with Tommy best after he's warmed up her butt with a good dozen of his
best."

  "Tommy would probably have shared you with the other members of his gang. How
you would have enjoyed an afternoon of being screwed by one horny teen-age boy
after another. Lois actually prefers lesbian sex. Lois screws Tommy as her way
of fitting in with his gang. What girls won't do to be popular?"

  "I don't understand. You just watched me masturbate. You're a man of God but
you didn't stop me, aren't I committing a sin?" asked Candace who had collapsed
back into the chair after her orgasm. Both her breasts were exposed and her legs
hung over the chair arms fully displaying her sex.  But she did nothing to cover
up.

  "Tell me about what happened when you went to confess?" asked Father Gregory
reaching down to open a black leather valise beside his chair. He reached inside
and pulled out a flesh colored latex dildo. It had a small clitoral stimulator
jutting out from the side. The dildo was also a vibrator. Father Gregory turned
the vibrator on and then off to test it.

  "Batteries are fresh, stick that inside you cunt while we talk." Father
Gregory leaned forward handing it to Candace.

  "I was in the church saying my penitence. I imagined I got up and went into
the confessional. I unzipped Father Elliot's pants and made love to his cock
with my mouth. I climaxed when Father Elliot ejaculated in my mouth."

  "And you found that exciting?"

  "Yes, Father, is there any hope for a awful sinner like me?"

  "Oh yes, there's always hope. Now I want you to hold your labia apart, touch
your clitoris and speak the first words that come to mind."

  Candace parted her labia with one hand fully aware how exposed she was to
Father Gregory's eyes. The minute her hand touched her clit, a stream of
blasphemy poured from her lips.

  "Oh fuck, fuck me Jesus, my Lord and Savior, then let all twelve of your
apostles screw me on top of the table at the Last Supper.  Let me get under the
table so I can suck your cocks while you eat and drink the body and blood of
Christ. I want God's cock in my ass, Jesus' prick in my cunt and the Holy
Spirit's big dick in my mouth," screamed Candace.

  Candace had used one hand to open her vagina then forcefully pushed the end if
the dildo into the opening. She wasn't surprised to find herself wet and open.
It was as if her cunt was hungry and it sucked the latex cock into her hole.

  "Bury that inside you as far as it will go. Make sure the stimulator is
against your clitoris. Show me how you like to masturbate while I watch you.
Somewhere in your sublimated core, you're quite the exhibitionist. The best fuck
for you will be when someone is watching, perhaps many some ones."

  Candace shoved the dildo inside her with all her strength. As it bottomed out,
the pleasure was indescribable. Candace climaxed again as she screamed more
obscenities.

  "Holy Mary, fucking whore Mother of God, fill my mouth with shit from your
virgin ass. I want to suck your cunt and drink your piss. Let me eat your twat
while Jesus and the apostles fuck my ass," were the words Candace screamed in
the throes of a climax that was so powerful, she thought her heart had stopped.
In spite of the intensity of her orgasm, Candace continued to masturbate.

  "Turn the vibrator on, make sure it on your clit, tell me about sucking Father
Elliot's cock."

  "I love the way his cock smelled and tasted. His balls were wonderful when I
put them in my mouth and slowly sucked them. There was a tantalizing taste of
urine. I wish he had pissed in my mouth. He pushed himself into my throat and
fucked my esophagus like it was my pussy. When he filled my mouth with his
semen, I climaxed. When I came back to reality, I had been masturbating with a
rosary that the Pope had blessed," said Candace as she worked the dildo back and
forth in her cunt.

  "I thought the using the rosary was a nice touch. Would you like to suck my
cock and swallow my piss?" asked Father Gregory.

  "Oh yes," said Candace as she immediately stepped forward to kneel down
between Father Gregory legs.  Her hands continued to force the dildo into her
cunt.

  "Keep fucking yourself with the dildo, I'll pull my prick out for you," said
Father Gregory as he unzipped his trousers and pulled out a large hairy cock.

  Candace kneeled before the priest stroking the large dildo into her vagina.
When the priest's cock was freed, she leaned forward and began to lick it. He
held it in his hand so she could use both hands between her legs. One hand
worked the stimulator across her clit while the other pulsed the dildo in and
out of her cunt.

  "Put your mouth around the head, I'm going to piss until your belly is full."

  Candace took the large cock head in her mouth. In a minute, she sensed hot pee
flowing onto her tongue. Candace's taste buds savored the fresh pee and found it
was wonderful to the taste. As soon as her mouth was full, she swallowed.
Candace furiously masturbated her clitoris with one hand. Her other hand twisted
and rotated the dildo into her vagina. She patiently let her mouth fill time and
time again with urine. It was not only the taste but also the smell that Candace
found so erotic.

  Finally, Father Gregory finished. Candace looked down to see that her belly
was slightly distended she was so full of piss. She passed one hand over her
swollen stomach to feel how full of urine it was. This is truly wonderful
thought Candace.

  "Now suck my cock, I want you to swallow my semen. It'll mix with my piss in
you stomach."

  Candace summoned all her oral skill. She forced the large head of the priest's
cock past the opening of her throat. Then shoved her head forward to slide the
head into her esophagus. Candace deep throated Father Gregory for several
minutes then she started to feel his orgasm build along with hers. He placed his
large powerful hands on each side of her head and began to move it back and
forth on his cock.

  He grasped her head in his hands and forced his cock down her throat. Candace
breathed through her nose to maintain her supply of oxygen. Father Gregory
hesitated each time his cock reached its maximum depth inside her throat.

  "A good whore has to have a little of the sword swallower in her," remarked
Father Gregory. "There'll be no cock on this earth that Candace Williams can't
swallow."

  Candace heard Father Gregory gasp, then felt her mouth fill with hot semen. As
she swallowed each spurt of cum, she began to climax herself. She sucked and
swallowed every drop of the priest's precious cum. She licked greedily at his
piss hole desperate to get ever drop.

  Candace felt an enormous surge of energy and strength pass into her body as
she swallowed the priest's semen. When he was done, her last vaginal contraction
forced the dildo out of her cunt and it clattered to the floor.

  "Now you are truly a whore, a whore who will become the bride of Satan."

  "I am an awful sinner, God has deserted me," said Candace kneeling naked on
the floor, the expelled dildo by her foot, her belly full of the Father
Gregory's piss and her mouth coated with his semen.

  "Despair not. Although God has deserted you, Lucifer has become your new
sponsor and he will bring you to position of power and glory that you would have
considered inconceivable had you remained a follower of Christ. Besides, God
still loves you. Don't we all know that God loves a sinner? And you will be one
of the greatest sinners of all time. Now Candace, take your clothes off. I have
a surprise for you in the other room."

  Candace stood up and pulled her tank top over her head. She unzipped her skirt
and let it fall to the floor She slipped her sandals off. She was naked as she
followed Father Gregory toward the door to the bedroom.

  When he opened it and stood aside for her to enter she saw that Maria Consuela
and Anna Estelle, the two novices she had dined with were lying naked on the
bed. They both turned toward Candace and held out a hand for her to join them.
Candace didn't hesitate to climb onto the bed and lay between the two young
girls. Candace kissed both girls on the lips then the three turned toward Father
Gregory who was seated in a comfortable armchair a few feet from the side of the
bed.

  Candace realized she was looking toward Father Gregory expectantly awaiting
his command.

  "I'm going to watch the three of you enjoying a night of lesbian sex, it's a
gift from the Master for joining his cause, the Master always rewards those who
come over to his side."




Chapter 4 - Novice Debauchery



Please take note! Adults Only Literature

The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written for
adults only.

If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing this
file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
now.

This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
is purely coincidental, etc.

Copyright 2003

                                                                ****



  Candace relaxed back on the bed closing her eyes as the two novices
concentrated on her breasts. Candace felt her breath start to quicken as their
mouths licked and sucked on her nipples. The feeling of their lips on her
nipples caused them to harden and extend until they felt like star sapphires
embedded in her areola. It was eroticism so intense it was accompanied by pain.
Her nipples felt like someone was forcing blunt needles through her flesh. In
spite of having climaxed only moments before, Candace quickly became aroused as
she gave herself over to her most base desires.

  Far from being disgusted with lesbian sex, Candace found herself reveling in
it. The idea of being able to use her mouth on the two novices was sending
Candace over the top.

  "I've never been with another woman. What a fool I've been to dedicate myself
to a religion that offered me nothing but words and sacrifice. Father Gregory
and Satan offer me a world of pleasure where my senses can know no limits. The
selfless morality preached by Jesus is a cruel hoax when compared to the
sensations of my tongue entering Maria Consuela's virgin cunt. Get thee from me
Jesus and take that nagging bitch of a Mother with you," intoned Candace as the
two novices feasted on her breasts.

  The other Candace was in control now. The one who followed Jesus and prayed to
the Virgin was no longer present. This was the Candace that fantasized having
God The Father's cock in her ass, Jesus in her cunt and the Holy Spirit in her
mouth. She wanted to fuck the Trinity while swearing her worship of Lucifer.

  Forgotten was the Virgin Mary as the novices sucked and licked her nipples.
Candace pulled Maria Consuela face away from her breast and kissed her
passionately. Their tongues moved between their mouths. Next she kissed Anna
Estelle as Maria Consuela hungrily returned to her nipples. The fact that
Candace was performing debauched lesbian sex with two novices of the order of
Sisters of Mt. Caramel made it all the more erotic.

  Candace felt both women place a hand on her clit and stroke her in unison.
When their fingers entered her vagina, she realized how wet she was. The novices
had fingers in her cunt and it felt pleasurable beyond anything she had ever
experienced before.

  "Finger my sinner's hole," moaned Candace as she twisted on the bed using her
heels to force her cunt upwards striving to drive their digits deep inside her.
Candace was overwhelmed with the desire to talk filth, to speak in depraved
terms, to counter a lifetime of godly behavior in a single night.

   Her glands were in overdrive gushing forth a stream of wetness. Maria
Consuela moved down between Candace's legs and licked a long slow swirl around
Candace's clitoris. Maria Consuela filled her mouth from Candace's stream of
wetness then moved up to kiss Candace forcing her to taste the fluids of her own
cunt. Candace's body shook with pleasure as her mouth filled with her own
secretions mixed with Maria Consuela's drool. Her whole body pulsed with desire.

  "Finger fuck me, you whores, spank my clit, spank it hard," begged Candace
loving the sensation of Maria Consuela's hand delivering sharp spanking blows to
her clitoris. Candace's belly rumbled and her abdomen bulged tightly with Father
Gregory's hot piss still simmering inside her tight belly.

  "I'm piss pregnant, said Candace as she ran her hand over the taut skin of her
abdomen.

  Anna Estelle pushed two fingers deep inside her to that special spot all women
have. When Anna Estelle's nails scraped the rough surface of her G-spot. Candace
began the first of a series of convulsions that were driven by powerful orgasms.

  "It will be a multi-orgasmic experience. When this is over, you'll belong to
the Master, the old Candace will appear less and less. After your wedding
tomorrow night, she will no longer exist at all," said Father Gregory seated in
a nearby chair.

  Candace didn't respond other than to feel her body convulse once again and a
blinding white light flash like fire inside her brain. Candace could feel the
electrical charges of her cranium's synapses stop entirely then surge once again
with greater voltage. She felt herself being transformed into another creature.

  Anna Estelle forced Candace's legs upward as she licked toward Candace's
asshole. There were two mouths working on her now. One was licking around her
clit and the other probing her anus. A finger replaced the tongue in Candace's
butt.

  "Oh, that's good, suck and finger my shit hole," cried Candace loosing any
semblance of control. She was completely given over to lust. Candace began
growling like a bitch in heat urging the male dogs to penetrate her.

  Candace had never experienced a multi-orgasmic state but she was in one now.
Each time a finger went to her ass or vagina, every time a warm tongue caressed
her clit she climaxed. It was like the papa-razzi were firing flashbulbs in her
eyes. Over and over again until at last, she had momentarily exhausted her
body's capacity to orgasm. There was drool seeping out of the corner of her
mouth when the novices stopped.

  Maria Consuela and Anna Estelle looked pleased that they had made her orgasm
so deep and prolonged.

  "Lesbian sex requires accessories, Maria Consuela wants the feel of a rubber
cock inside her cunt, Anna Estelle wants her rear warmed up, Candace, the Master
wants you to know the pleasure of causing pain," said Father Gregory as he
tossed the large leather valise onto the bed.

  Candace opened the valise. There were two studded leather paddles. Candace
handed one paddle to Maria Consuela and kept the other for herself. Anna Estelle
positioned herself on all fours her rear pointed toward the ceiling.

  "Beat me bloody, sisters, make me scream," pleaded Anna Estelle forcing her
butt upward to accept the blows. Anna Estelle was furiously masturbating as she
anticipated the pain that would arrive shortly.

  Candace and Maria Consuela delivered sharp hard blows to Anna Estelle's butt
cheeks. Candace watched Anna's hand grab the sheet as the blows rained down.
Anna Estelle buried her face in the pillow and screamed as Candace and Maria
Consuela struck her harder and then again harder. Each splat of the paddle
caused Candace to experience a wave of pleasure.

  "Hurt me, please hurt me," pleaded Anna Estelle between shrieks of pains. Her
eyes were filled with tears and there was a film of wetness running down her
thighs from her vagina.

  "Father Gregory is right. Causing pain is a pleasure and such a new and
exciting one to me, I'm getting turned on again just by striking her, I never
knew it could feel so good to cause another to suffer," thought Candace.

  Anna Estelle's butt turned pink then red then bright red and finally a bluish
red. Maria Consuela put down her paddle, lay on her back and got down underneath
and between Anna Estelle's legs and began licking her vagina. Candace could see
drops of girl lube dripping into Maria Consuela's mouth as she licked Anna
Estelle's open vagina. Like stalactites in a limestone cave, drops fell
continually from Anna Estelle's cunt into Maria Consuela's open mouth.

  Maria Consuela's tongue executed a long slow lick of Anna Estelle's clit
causing Anna Estelle to experience the beginning of her multiple climaxes.
Candace continued to spank Anna, alternating between butt cheeks.

  I love hurting her," thought Candace. "Her pain is my pleasure. Each time I
land a blow, her knuckles turn white as she grabs the bed covering. Between
screams, she's sobbing like a little girl. I never knew you could experience
such ecstasy from another's torture."

  Candace reached into the bag and brought out a large diameter butt plug and a
tube of lubricant. She squeezed lubricant on the plug then shoved it into Anna
Estelle's butt in one quick motion. It was a large plug and Candace had to apply
considerable force to get it in. Anna Estelle screamed into the pillow as the
butt plug plunged past her anal ring and forced her hole further open than ever
before.  Candace worked the plug in several times then pulled the plug out and
replaced it with three of her fingers. Candace felt the tight ring of Anna's
sphincter close around the base of her fingers. Candace twisted her fingers from
left to right.

  "I like my fingers inside another woman's asshole. It's so intense the way the
muscles squeeze your hand," said Candace as she pulled her fingers out and
replaced them with the butt plug. Candace looked in the bag and saw a
double-ended dildo. She instinctively knew how to use it. She inserted one end
in her own vagina and slowly pushed it deep inside her until it stopped then she
pushed harder. When she reached the point where it started to hurt, she stopped
for a moment to get a better grip on the center of the dildo. She held it fast
with both hands then shoved it violently inside her vagina. That plunged it
several inches deeper in her body. Candace felt the intense pain as the head of
rubber cock slammed into the ultimate end point of her womanhood.

  Candace luxuriated in the throbbing nexus of intense pain that that emanated
from the deepest area of her being. Then she shoved it again forcing it even
further. The pain was delicious. It was a moment of intense agony followed by a
welling of pleasure that traveled to every part of her body. Candace felt
ecstasy right out to her fingertips. Candace looked over at Father Gregory who
was sitting calmly watching the three women.

  "You are doing very well, let us pray together, children," said Father
Gregory. Candace found herself and the novices boldly and confidently repeating
the prayer she had made that day in the Chapel of the Assumption.

  "Hail Lucifer, Ruler of Hell, Master of Eternal Darkness, accept the worship
of your servant Candace and her sisters, Anna Estelle and Maria Consuela, they
desire none other than to adore you, Satan. Help your servants to overcome the
forces that restrain them from your devotion. Cast out their God's teachings and
make them an instrument for accomplishing your will. "

  After the recitation, feelings of savagery and wantonness once again overtook
Candace. The dildo embedded deep within her had become the center of her being
and it radiated energy and lust and power. She stared into Father Gregory's cold
black eyes and said "I am your servant, oh Lord of Darkness. I am ready to serve
the Master with all my being."

"And you will serve him well, these two lesser beings are yours to use as you
will, they will serve you in your great mission for the Master, they are your
first reward for joining the legion of Hell. There will be many more," said
Father Gregory.

  Candace positioned herself between Maria Consuela's legs pulling her feet
upward until Maria Consuela's ankles rested on Candace's shoulders. Maria
Consuela's face was still under Anna Estelle's cunt, her tongue busily sucking
Anna's clit. Candace slipped the tip of the double dildo into Maria Consuela's
vagina then lunged forward burying it deep into Maria in one swift stroke.
Candace's cunt collided violently with that of Maria Consuela.

  "Destroy my purity, rape my soul, I live to serve my Mistress, Candace, Bride
of Satan, Destroyer of Worlds," screamed Maria Consuela.

  Virgin blood spurted like a fountain from Maria Consuela's vagina. Candace
reached down and smeared the blood all over her hand. Then she brought her hand
to her mouth and licked the blood off her fingers.

  "How Lucifer and his followers love the iron taste of blood? Now, I'm afraid
you've spoiled Maria Consuela. How can she be a Bride of Christ when you've
rammed a latex cock in her and taken her virginity? Notice how she cums like a
street whore being fucked by her nigger pimp," commented Father Gregory.

  Father Gregory was right. Candace slammed the dildo in harder and deeper then
cupped her hand to catch more of the blood oozing from Maria Consuela's vagina.
She brought it to her mouth and lapped the crimson fluid off her palm.

  "Its delicious," said Candace turning her crimson stained face toward Father
Gregory.

  "It's something you develop a taste for, like fine chocolates or vintage
wine," said Father Gregory.

  Candace shoved downward until her cunt touched Maria's and she was able to rub
her clit against Maria Consuela's blood covered vagina. The feeling of another
woman's bloody clitoris pushing against her own sent Candace into another
segment where the orgasms were continual, each bursting on her body just as its'
predecessor died away. The explosions in her brain resembled the fireworks
display that Boston provided every Fourth of July. Each burst cascading higher
and more spectacularly than its predecessor. 

  "You are feeling pleasure on a level not known to those who refuse to worship
the Dark Lord," said Father Gregory.

  "I feel it now, Master, I am thine," intoned Candace as she begin to piston
the double dildo into Maria Consuela's cunt.  Candace heard her own loud breath
blending with the loud moans of Anna and Maria. Then she realized there was
another sound even stronger and it was coming from her own lips. It was a growl
like that of a she-wolf or some primitive carnivore that was protecting its kill
from other predators.

  "You feel the power, don't you, the raw savage lust that cannot be denied,
it's as if the blood in your veins was molten steel, take your other servant's
virginity with your hand," said Father Gregory.

  Candace looked down at Maria Consuela whose eyes had a glazed look. Every time
Candace pushed forward and smashed their clitorises together, Maria Consuela's
eyes would pop wide open and she would scream an obscenity.  A deep guttural
moan punctuated each violent downward stroke as Candace rammed the double-ended
rubber cock into Maria Consuela's womb.

  Candace coated her hand with Maria Consuela's blood then pushed four fingers
into Anna Estelle's vagina. Her fingers felt the hymen blocking further
penetration.

  "Take it, Candace, strip me of my purity, I long to be your servant and
slave," said Anna Estelle as she repositioned her legs to allow Candace better
access.

  Candace pushed hard and heard a squishing sound as her hand went just inside
Anna's vagina. Candace traced her fingers along the surface of Anna Estelle's
hymen.

  "Rip it out of me, Candace, I want to feel it stripped from the walls of my
cunt," Anna Estelle moaned as she pushed back to force Candace's hand deeper
inside her cunt.

  Candace's arm shot forward from her shoulder. Her fingernails felt Anna
Estelle's hymen tear apart. Anna Estelle screamed in pain. Blood immediately
soaked Candace's hand and wrist.

  Candace's fingers and nails grasped the fleshy remnants of the mucous membrane
and ripped them from the walls of Anna Estelle's cunt. Candace's nails scraped
the lining of Anna Estelle's vagina shredding the ragged pieces of flesh from
the walls of Anna Estelle's cunt. Anna Estelle howled in agony.

  Candace looked at her hand. It was covered in blood. Her fingers and the back
of her hand had little patches of flesh that until seconds ago comprised Anna
Estelle's hymen. Candace greedily licked the virgin blood off her hand and
swallowed the red swatches of virgin flesh. She consumed the Anna Estelle's
hymen with relish.

  "Your power grows, you are almost one with Satan," said Father Gregory.

  Candace felt her entire body tighten. Her skin was being stretched. Her
muscles felt capable of anything. Candace sensed Maria Consuela's orgasm as once
more she forced the double dildo to its fullest within her cunt. Maria Consuela
wrapped her legs around Candace and used them to increase the force of each
downward stroke that Candace delivered.

  "Hurt me, bury it in me, I want your cock in my womb, I need it," begged Maria
Consuela.

  "Fist fuck me," pleaded Anna Estelle.

  "Your servants demand their mistress's attention, do with them as it pleases
you," said Father Gregory.

  Candace slid her hand inside Anna's Estelle's blood smeared vagina, made a
fist and drove it forward until it reached her forearm. Her fingers could feel
Anna Estelle's female parts as Anna Estelle screamed and began to climax.
Candace used her new strength to drive the double dildo deep into Mara
Consuela's virgin cunt.

  Maria Consuela and Anna Estelle convulsed their bodies as they climaxed. They
writhed and twisted as they climaxed over and over again. Saliva bubbled out of
their mouths and cascaded down their chin onto their breasts. Their eyes took on
the look of a wild beast chasing its kill.

  The three women collapsed. Father Gregory leaned slightly forward and spoke to
Candace in a voice that carried all the authority and force of Hell itself.

  "Candace, you have done a good night's work. You have cheated Christ of two
virgin brides. How that must annoy him while he sits on his throne with his cock
in hand? Perhaps he planned to steal down to Earth one night and take them
himself. Now they can no longer be his. They belong to you and you belong to
Satan."

  Candace exhausted, lay down between the two novices. They were drenched in
blood, spit, secretions, and sweat, breathing heavily, there hearts beating
rapidly, recovering from the debauched and perverted sex acts and orgasms they
had just experienced.

  "One final act and we are done for now, you must seal their loyalty to your
service" said Father Gregory.

  Candace did not have to be told what to do. She positioned Maria Consuela and
Anna Estelle with their heads side by side lying on their backs. Then she
lowered her vagina over Maria Consuela 's mouth.

  "Our Master especially enjoys this part, go slowly Candace, let them savor
each drop," said Father Gregory.

  Maria Estelle opened her mouth as Candace slowly began to urinate into it.
Maria Consuela let her mouth fill with Candace's warm piss then swallowed. After
a few moments, Candace switched to Anna Estelle.  Candace pissed in the open
mouth of Anna Estelle who greedily swallowed the stream of golden fluid. When
Candace's bladder was empty, she lay once more between the novices and they
curled up on each side of her. In an instant, Candace fell asleep.




Chapter 5 - Fantasies Become Real



Please take note! Adults Only Literature

The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written for
adults only.

If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing this
file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
now.

This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
is purely coincidental, etc.

Copyright 2003

                                                                ****



  The clock radio alarm sounded and Candace groggily reached over to turn it
off.

  "What a deep sleep? Odd, I normally don't sleep well in a strange bed,
especially the first night," thought Candace as she slowly woke up Saturday
morning. It was still dark outside. The orange illuminated dials on the
nightstand clock glowed 6:30.  Candace fell back on to the bed and stretched her
body, arching her back. For a brief moment, Candace felt warm and relaxed. Then
her mind recalled a disturbing thought.

  "Oh my goodness." Candace remembered with a start having made an appointment
to meet Father Gregory last night. But she had no memory of going to his
quarters and speaking with him.

  "How absolutely thoughtless and careless of me, I must have come back here
after mass and fallen asleep. I failed to meet Father Gregory after he was kind
enough to agree to counsel me individually. I'll have to apologize profusely. He
has very reason to be very angry with me. I hope he didn't wait up."

  Candace sat up in bed, threw the covers off and put her feet over the edge. As
her sleep fog brain cleared, she quickly realized, "I'm naked. I forgot to put
my pajamas on. I always sleep in pajamas. At least I don't recall masturbating.
That's a sign the retreat and St. Therese are having a good effect on me."

  Candace stood up by the bed but felt light headed.

  "No more wine for me," commented Candace as she cradled her head in hands. She
sat back down to wait until her head cleared. The lightheaded feeling remained
so she bent forward lowering her head between her knees to keep from fainting.

  "Easy Candace, I'm going to take it slow. I still feel groggy. It must have
been the long drive and the wine at the reception. I've been under a lot of
emotional stress the last few weeks. I'm not used to wine and I drank several
glasses at the reception and had two more with dinner. What's gotten into me?
One glass was always my limit. The pressure of these crazy imaging is causing me
anxiety and I drank more than I should as a result."

  "Failing to show up after Father Gregory was kind enough to see me is just
unforgivable. I'll apologize and ask Father Gregory to reschedule our
appointment. I'll have to promise to be there this time. I hope he's not too
angry and disappointed with me; although he has ever right to be," thought
Candace as she reached over to turn on the lamp beside the bed.

  At first the glare blinded her. She cast her eyes down on the floor. A red
silk skirt and white tank top lay in a small pile beside the bed. There was a
pair of strap sandals beside the skirt.

  "That couldn't be mine," said Candace as she bent over and picked up the skirt
and held it against her, seeing that it only cover the top of her thighs, "Its
pretty but not something you wear at a convent."

   "I couldn't have worn that last night, it's not decent to wear at a convent
or anywhere for that matter, the skirt doesn't even come to the middle of my
thigh. My bottom would show if I bent over slightly. And look at the top, it's
even more revealing," said Candace as she scooped the white cotton tank top off
the floor.

  "I would have looked like one of those Boston hookers that work in the Fenway,
they even wear strap sandals like that. On the news I heard one of them say that
some of their customers have a fetish for women's feet. There are a lot of sick
and misguided people in this world that need Jesus in their hearts."

  Candace held the skirt and top up and looked at them closely. "I would look
like one of those prostitutes. The local news on Channel 5 had recently done an
expose where they secretly filmed the girls working their corners. Cars would
drive by and stop. The girls leaned into the car window and asked if the men
want a date. They call their customers Johns. If they agree on price, they get
in the car with their Johns. Channel 5 News said the going rates were $50 for
oral sex and $100 for intercourse. I wonder what that would be like to have sex
with a total stranger for money. Candace mind formed an image of her in the
front seat bent over sucking on the driver's cock."

  Candace resisted the urge to touch herself as she spoke aloud, "Cease and
desist, Mrs. Williams, None of that here at St. Therese. See, you can be a good
person if you try."

  Candace held the white top up.

  "If I was in the Fenway and I leaned into the John's car to tell him how much
for a blowjob or intercourse, he could see my breasts. On the news, I've seen
the police arresting them and taking them to jail. I remember last year they
suspended a Boston Policeman because after he arrested prostitutes he would
offer to let them go in return for sex."

   Candace imagined herself in the backseat of a police cruiser with that red
skirt hiked up to her waist, one leg braced against the security partition that
protected the cops from their prisoners and the other against the rear deck.
There was a fat Boston Irish cop between her legs slamming his cock into her.
Her top was pulled up and he was slobbering over her breasts as he fucked her.

  "I've definitely got to stop those kind of thoughts," realized Candace.
Suddenly, Candace was overcome with a sense of foreboding. She quickly knelt
down beside the bed thinking that prayer would help her deal with the clothes on
the floor and the rather undeniable conclusion that she had been dressed like a
prostitute at the Monastery of St. Therese.

  "If Sister Agatha saw me in that, how will I ever face her again? She'll send
me home this morning. I'll no longer be welcome at the monastery. I don't see
any underwear. Oh God, what have I done?" despaired Candace.

  "But if I wore that last night, how come I don't remember it, I wore the ankle
length green print skirt and the gray long silk blouse to the reception and
Mass. I remember that. Then I must have returned to my room and changed,"
decided Candace.

   "Maybe I just put this skirt and top on here in the room to be comfortable.
The room was hot and stuffy so I wanted to be cool. But when did I buy those
clothes? Obviously, someone would have said something to me if I had been seen
dressed like this. I feel better now. I'm going to pray to the Virgin to keep
wickedness away from me today. I know she'll help me."

  Candace knelt down and leaned forward against the side of the bed to pray.

  "Hail Mary full of grace, the Lord is with thee, blessed..." started Candace
but she found she could not go on. She couldn't remember the words of a prayer
she had said thousands of times. Something was causing her not to be able to
speak or even think the words. All of a sudden a torrent of works rushed from
her mouth.

  "Blessed is your hot pussy that fucked every Jew cock in Galilee, God Dammit
to hell, what the fuck is wrong with me?" said Candace, "Oh my God, my language,
using the Lord's name in vain. Forgive me, Mother Mary, I didn't mean to
blaspheme. I can't pray to the Virgin. I'm lost. I'm going insane," sobbed
Candace.

    Candace closed her eyes and breathed deeply. She concentrated on her breath,
taking slow deep breaths like they taught in Yoga class. She focused solely on
breathing, pushing all other thoughts out of her mind. Finally, Candace regained
control. She slowly opened her eyes and looked over her shoulder at her room.

  Candace's gaze settled on a black leather satchel sitting on top of the small
student desk in the corner of the room. "That's not mine," thought Candace.
Somebody else's luggage must have mistakenly been placed in my room. Candace
walked to the desk, glad to have something to distract her, and examined the
satchel. She recognized that it was expensively made. The leather was soft hand
felled Moroccan and the handles and lock were carefully constructed. There was a
combination lock with six numbered thumbwheels. Without thinking Candace spun
the tumblers to the numeric code of her birthday in mmddyy format. The lock
popped open.

  "How did I know that? It's not even mine," asked Candace aloud. She opened the
top of the satchel and looked inside. On top was a very large double-ended
dildo. One end was covered with dried blood. There were studded leather paddles,
whips, several other dildos, anal plugs, nipple clamps, and various leather
restraints. There were packages of three different sizes of batteries. In a side
pocket, there was a large silver-colored metal dildo vibrator contained in a
chamois bag. Candace wondered why it was separated from the rest of the sex
toys. Candace saw what appeared to be jewelry style box. Her curiosity drove her
to open the small box then immediately snap it shut.

   "Ben-wa balls," exclaimed Candace reopening the box to examine them more
closely," I haven't seen Ben-wa balls since that time in college.

  Candace picked up the antique-looking dildo/vibrator and turned it on and then
off. The hum was powerful and made a much louder noise than Candace expected. It
was also much heavier than she expected. Candace had assumed it was made of
plastic but it appeared to be constructed of steel.

  "How odd? My step-mom would say it looks like a tractor factory in the old
USSR constructed it. It's not like the usual junk that the girls in my dorm
used," remarked Candace as she hefted the heavy steel dildo/vibrator.

  Candace realized the satchel contained a collection of what people referred to
as marital aids or more aptly, sex toys. Although Candace had never used marital
aids, she certainly knew what they were. There had been plenty of items like
those in Candace's college dorm. Some of the coeds were veritable experts on
dildos and vibrators. Candace recalled her freshman year. She hadn't been in the
door a week when another girl knocked on her door.

  "Got any C's. This thing died just as I was about to hit the big O," said a
dark brunette who lived down the hall. She was holding up a dildo shaped like a
man's cock. It was curved with molded veins and had a small protrusion on one
side that Candace later learned was a clitoral stimulator.

  "C's, I don't understand," replied Candace.

  "C's as in C sized batteries that make this vibrate. Maybe I could just borrow
yours? What do you use to get off with?"

  "Masturbation is a sin," replied Candace.

  "I know, that's why I love to jerk off, seriously, I need help. I was just
about to get over the top when this piece of shit died. Has anyone ever told you
how beautiful you are?" The brunette had begun to look at Candace like she was
interested in more than batteries if Candace was willing.

  "Sorry, I can't help you," said Candace closing the door quickly. She had
sensed the girl was suggesting they engage in lesbian sex. To Candace, it was
hard to imagine a worse sin.

  But it wasn't possible to live in a girl's dorm and not be aware of the
various types of marital aids the coeds used. Most of the girls didn't bother to
hide them and it was common to find several of them along with some type of
lubricant sitting on their nightstand. They frequently argued over what worked
best, dildos, vibrators, anal probes, etc.  Her roommate, Clarise, during the
first semester had owned a huge vibrator of a type that was sold in department
stores as a personal massager. Clarise always referred to it as "my friend." It
ran on wall power not batteries. Clarise once demonstrated to Candace how she
could insert ben-wa balls in her vagina and then use "her friend" to achieve the
ultimate orgasm.  Candace had often awakened during the night to the hum of the
powerful vibrator. Her roommate claimed she could use her "friend" to reliably
climax in less than five minutes.

  "It's ten times better than my last boyfriend. All he wanted was a blowjob.
After I did that he turned over and went to sleep," complained Clarise.

  Clarise had offered to let Candace use "her friend" and the ben-wa balls.

  "I'll even put them in for you if you want," offered Clarise.

   Candace had been tempted but prayed to the Virgin and the temptation passed.
At the end of the first semester, Candace found a more suitable Catholic
roommate.

  As Candace looked through the contents of the valise, she picked up each of
the items and examined it. Candace had never owned anything like these, even
though Dan had suggested on several occasions that they purchase some marital
aids. Candace recalled telling Dan, 'No, definitely not. That type of thing has
no place in a Catholic home. Suppose Briana was to find them."

  "It will be embarrassing returning this valise and its contents to the
rightful owner," thought Candace as she put everything but the steel
vibrator/dildo back in the valise. Without thinking she kept it in her hand.

  Candace put the valise aside and went into the bathroom and turned on the
light. When she turned to look at herself in the mirror. Candace was stunned.
Her mouth and neck were covered with dried blood. When she looked at her hands,
she was sickened to see there was caked blood under her fingernails and dried
blood on her fingertips. She put the vibrator she had unconsciously carried into
the bathroom with her, down beside the washbasin.

  At that moment, Candace recalled every detail of her visit to Father Gregory's
room last night.

  "No, No, it couldn't be, tell me, it couldn't be like that," said Candace,
"This can't be happening to me here at the Retreat, surrounded by the Sisters
and Novices. Oh Mother Mary, why have you forsaken me when I need you more than
ever?"

  She remembered exactly what happened including the lesbian sex with the two
novices. She recalled Maria Consuela and her paddling Anna Estelle's bottom and
how she had used the double dildo to penetrate the both of them.

  "No, it's another fantasy, like in the grocery store with Mike or the young
girl in the checkout at the pharmacy. It's not real. It's something I imagined."

  Candace rejected the possibility that last night really occurred.  It was
definitely a dream, a fantasy, something she created from her sick sinful brain
just like in the other instances.

  "It was a flight of my overactive imagination. It couldn't be real because I
imagined that Father Gregory and the two novices participating willingly. They'd
never do that," said Candace to her image in the mirror, "But where did all this
blood come from and why do I have the valise of sex toys that Father Gregory
gave me?"

  Candace closed her eyes, held on to the washbasin and breathed slowly to
regain control.  Candace decided she must have fallen asleep, missed her
appointment, and had another one of those perverted visions. This one had been
worse than the other three, far worse. The idea of her having sex with Father
Gregory and the novices was absurd. They were people of deep religious
convictions. They would never allow that to happen.

  "I've become a sick, depraved woman incapable of controlling my twisted evil
thoughts," sobbed Candace.

  Candace composed herself enough to carefully wash the blood off her hands and
face. Candace decided she must have scratched herself or had a nosebleed while
she slept. She could never have debauched sex with two novices or masturbated in
front of a priest.

  "I fantasized I swallowed Father Gregory's urine and the novices swallowed
mine. Can you imagine a more disgusting and perverted act? No priest or novice
would even consider participating in that sort of sinful, depraved behavior. It
goes against everything they've stood for all their lives," thought Candace.

   It just wasn't possible. There had to be another explanation. Someone had put
the valise of sex toys in her room as a bad joke, especially for a Catholic
women's retreat. Maybe she had woken up and opened it last night before she went
to sleep. When she looked in the case to see what was inside, it triggered those
vile dreams.

  "But how did those indecent clothes get on the floor and why was the
combination lock set to her birth date?" Candace, in order to keep her sanity,
pushed all these questions from her mind.

  "I'm going to put this whole business aside for now. There must be a rational
explanation. I'll take a shower, eat breakfast, observe the silence and get
ready for the first workshop," said Candace as she looked in the mirror at her
naked body. "When did I start sleeping naked?" wondered Candace aloud as she
reached into the shower stall and started the water.

  Candace got into the stall and began to wash herself. She lathered her body to
wash off the blood then squeezed liquid soap on the loofah she always used to
bathe. The instant the loofah passed over her clitoris, Candace was overwhelmed
with a tidal wave of lust.  She doubled up the sensation was so over powering.
She let out a large gasp and her entire body convulsed when she passed the
loofah between her legs for a second time. She used one hand to part her labia.
With the other, she ground the harsh surface of the loofah over her clit. The
sheer pleasure of it almost caused her knees to buckle.

  The loofah's rough surface excited her clit to where it immediately became
engorged with blood and extended beyond its protective folds of flesh. Quickly,
Candace opened the shower stall door and grabbed the steel dildo/vibrator she
left on the edge of the washbasin.  Her nail flicked the on switch causing it to
start a powerful hum. Candace moved it down to her clitoris and inhaled deeply
when it touched the top of her clit. She rubbed the loofah over the opening to
her vagina. Another powerful inhalation occurred when the loofah scraped over
the opening to her vagina. It was as if she wanted to suck in every molecule of
air inside the room.

  She moved the vibrator back and forth across her clit. She slowly reduced the
cold-water tap until only the hot water faucet was on. Steam clouded the
bathroom.

  The vibrator performed like magic on her clitoris. Candace had never seen her
clitoris so stimulated. It was standing out like a tiny penis. Even the
slightest contact sent her into an orgasm that convulsed her body causing her
abdomen to contract and every muscle to flex. Candace wedged her body into a
corner of the shower stall forcing her breasts in contact with the tile wall.
Candace couldn't stop climaxing. In less than a handful of minutes, she climaxed
for the tenth time. Each orgasm only whetted her appetite for more. She squatted
down under the steaming water, her back leaning against the tiled wall. She
spread her knees apart so her vagina was accessible and put her fingers inside
her opening as she continued to work the vibrator over her clit.  She reached
her fingers deep inside her vagina giving out a low moan of pleasure as she
penetrated herself. Candace used her nails to scrap across her Grafenberg Spot.

  "Oh fuck, that feels good, I wish that was Father Gregory's big dick in my
hole," whispered Candace.

  Candace saw the long handled back brush hanging from a caddy looped around the
neck of the showerhead. Candace took the back brush off the caddy and pushed the
handle inside the opening of her vagina and twisted it through a circle. Candace
braced the brush head against the floor of the shower then straddled it lowering
her legs to force the handle far up into her female parts. She felt the walls of
her vagina gripping the brush handle. She pushed the pointed tip of the vibrator
into her clitoris mashing it into her flesh with all her strength. Candace
opened her mouth and let out a thunderous animal howl that caused the shower
stall to shake. She scrapped the vibrator over her clit and howled again as her
next series of orgasms exploded across her body.

  The end of the brush embedded deep in her womb became the source of increasing
more powerful waves of pleasure. Each wave doubled the strength of the previous.
Candace's pleasure increased exponentially. It expanded from the deepest point
where the brush handle reached, in a pattern of rolling concentric circles that
radiated outward until even her fingers and toes experienced an inhuman onrush
of pleasure.

  She closed her eyes and scenes of unspeakable debauchery appeared in her mind.
It was a kaleidoscope of the worst acts of sexual savagery of human history. In
one scene, Candace recognized the twisted visage of the Roman Emperor Tiberius
as he sodomized a screaming young boy on the Isle of Capri. A servant of
Tiberius stood nearby holding a young naked girl child whispering to her, "As
soon as the Emperor finishes with your brother, he will have you."

  In another she saw the city of Paris on the day of the St. Bartholomew's
Massacre. Catholics were slaughtering the Huguenot Protestants in the streets.
Women and girls were being raped in front of their families before they were all
hacked to death. The streets of Paris were red with blood.  The sight of the
blood and carnage caused Candace to feel a pleasure from masturbation that she
had never experienced.

  Candace viciously stabbed the sharp point of the vibrator into the soft flesh
of her clitoris causing her to reach a final thunderous climax. An inhuman roar
louder than the engines of a fully loaded Boeing 747 during take-off welled up
out of Candace's chest. Its force shattered the ceramic tiles of the shower
stall in an explosion of tiny glass particles. The glass shower door blew into a
thousand pieces. Ceramic wall tiles clattered to the floor of the bathroom and
the mirror cracked then exploded. The powerful sound rolled over the Monastery
of St. Therese like thunder.

  Bernice Creswell opened her eyes and smiled when she heard the roar that the
orgasm tore from Candace. Bernice reached out and touched the wall besides her
bed feeling the vibration caused by the unearthly cry. She moved her own hand
between her legs and slowly started to circle her clitoris as she thought about
what would occur tonight. She felt herself get wet and she arched her back to
push her clitoris further into her hand. Bernice knew and understood what that
cry meant. Satan's bride-to-be was announcing she was prepared for her wedding
night. She was screaming her mating cry, telling the Master she was ready.

  "When Candace comes to Iowa, that sound will crash across the fields and the
godly will shake in fear, they'll lose control over their bowels and they'll
shit themselves the pathetic bastards," said Connie Barker as she listened to
Candace's howl. Connie's hand also found her clit and she growled when her
fingernail scraped across its surface. Throughout the Monastery of St. Therese,
women awoke, smiled, and pushed their hand between their legs, pleasuring
themselves.  They knew tonight would be very special. They had come from all
over the United States to be a part of this evening. Satan would not disappoint
them. He would reward them for being there.

  Candace left the shattered bathroom carrying the vibrator in her hand. She sat
down on the edge of the bed recovering her breath. For the first time, she
noticed writing on the side of the metal cylinder. It was in German. Candace
translated the German into English as she read it.

  "To my darling Eva, for your pleasure when I cannot be with you, A.H."

  Candace carefully placed the vibrator back into the valise. She dressed in a
short khaki casual skirt, a light blue tank top and a pair of sandals. She wore
no bra or panties. When she looked in the mirror before she left her room, she
pinched and twisted her nipples to make them more visible through the thin
cotton.

  It was 8:05 when Candace walked into the dining room where a breakfast buffet
was laid. Candace couldn't help but notice that when she entered the dining
room, there was a brief instant when all conversation stopped and every head
turned in her direction.

  Candace went to the buffet and filled her plate. Then she looked around for a
vacant chair. Candace once again found herself seated between Maria Consuela and
Anna Estelle. Anna Estelle grimaced as she squirmed in her seat.

  "My butt's as sore as a boil this morning, I tried to look at it in the mirror
and it looks all bruised," said Anna Estelle surprising Candace by speaking. But
everyone was talking. Maybe, thought Candace, they decided not to observe a
period of silence.

  "I'm sore too, but it's not my butt," laughed Maria Consuela as she gave
Candace a conspiratorial smile.

  "How did you sleep, Candace?" asked Anna Estelle.

  "Well, but I dreamed all night, must be the strange bed."

  "I see it hasn't hurt your appetite," said Maria Consuela.

  She looked down to see that she had heaped the plate with eggs, sausage, and
bacon. Normally, Candace had juice, plain pastry and a piece of fruit for
breakfast. But Candace picked up her fork and bit into a sausage.  She was very
hungry and she wanted meat not pastry that morning.

  After breakfast, the workshops started. Candace did not get a chance to speak
privately with Father Gregory until after the last session. Everyone was
gathered in the study, waiting to go into dinner. Candace immediately launched
into a whispered apology.

  "I'm dreadfully sorry for not showing up last night. I must have been
exhausted from the drive. I fell asleep and didn't wake up until this morning. I
was wondering if we could reschedule our meeting. I feel that I need your
spiritual guidance and counsel more than ever. I had a terrible wicked dream
last night. ".

  Father Gregory took Candace's hands in his, looked into her eyes and said in a
clear loud voice meant to be heard by all present.

  "You came to my chambers last night and everything you think you imaged
actually happened. You took the first step to becoming Satan's bride. The Master
was extremely pleased with our performance."

  "But that's not possible," replied Candace.

  "Maria Consuela, what did your new mistress do to you last night?"

  "She used a double ended dildo to take my virginity. She drank my virgin
blood. I drank her urine. Lucifer has given me to her as a present. I don't
deserve such an honor but I will try with all my being to deserve it."

  "Anna Estelle," Father Gregory spoke the name in a commanding voice.

  "Yes, Father Gregory," responded the novice who was standing nearby.

  "Tell us how you lost your virginity last night."

  "My mistress, Candace, forced her hand in my vagina and ripped my membrane
apart with her nails. She scraped its flesh from the walls of my cunt and ate
it. I also drank her warm piss. I belong to her now, body and soul."

  "Candace, you know that Maria Consuela and Anna Estelle speak the truth. Last
night, you swore allegiance to a new Master. Look into my eyes and swear again
your devotion to Lucifer."

  Candace knew that what Father Gregory said was true. She had engaged in a
night of debauchery with Father Gregory and the novices. There was no use
pretending otherwise. Time for denial had passed. Father Gregory held Candace's
hand in his as he raised her arm high in the air and spoke.

  "From this moment, forward, Candace Williams the shy, devout, and
self-effacing woman who lacked confidence and was the plaything of a spiteful
and possessive God is no more. Candace has forsaken the worship of the
fraudulent savior Jesus and his whore mother, Mary. The new Candace is a
powerful being focused on a mission for the forces of Hell. She serves one
Master but fears no one. She takes her pleasure as her wants dictate. Only Satan
himself commands her."

  At that moment, Candace felt a tidal wave of strength and energy surge into
her body. She looked directly into Father Gregory's black eyes and repeated in a
loud voice,  "I am Satan's servant. I have no other Master than Satan. He alones
posses my immortal soul. Tonight, he will possess my body."

  "Hail Satan, Hail Lucifer, Hail Lord of Darkness," shouted everyone in the
dining room in unison. Father Gregory took Candace in his arms and embraced her.
He kissed her mouth probing it with his warm tongue. Candace felt Father Gregory
raise her short skirt to expose her bottom to everyone. The thought of being
exhibited in that fashion stimulated Candace. She wished that Father Gregory
would force her down on one of the couches and screw her while everyone watched.
She felt disappointed when Father Gregory relaxed his embrace and once more
spoke to the assemblage.

  "We're all gathered here for your new beginning. I knew this morning that our
Master had chosen well when he selected you. The very walls of Hell shook with
the power of your climax. The flames reached out and tortured the damned as
never before. Satan heard the cry of his new mate. His cock is erect and poised
to fill you with his demon's seed. He will come tonight to consummate his
marriage with you. There is not an angel in Hell or Heaven that didn't become
erect when they heard your screams of pleasure. God himself would impale you but
he knows you belong to Lucifer."

  "Everyone here knows this is going happen?" Candace asked Father Gregory.

   "Yes, we all knew for certain after you woke us this morning. The Master has
made his choice. Your power is enormous and will be even greater after tonight.
You shook us out of our beds when you used one of the Master's wedding gifts to
pleasure yourself. Only someone willing to masturbate with that particular
instrument could become Satan's bride. Satan initially fashioned a dildo from
the Lance of Longinius, the very piece of steel that penetrated Christ's side at
Golgotha. Later, the Master gave it to Adolph Hitler and he had it inscribed and
made into a dildo for his mistress, Eva Braun. Our Master has re-fashioned it
into a vibrator and dildo for you.

  "I understand now. I thank the Master for his wonderful gift. I will always
treasure it."

  "You will be able to thank him personally tonight at Mass. During the Mass,
every thing will be made clear to you. After tonight, there will be no
confusion, no ambivalence; you will know exactly whom you serve. You will move
with confidence through this world on the great mission that the master has
selected for you. Your ultimate purpose will be revealed. Go Candace and make
yourself ready to be Satan's bride. Maria Consuela and Anna Estelle will help
you prepare to welcome your groom who at this moment is pacing expectantly the
halls of Hell, stroking his fiery cock and preparing to drive it into your very
soul."

  Candace walked away fighting for control of her emotions. She resisted the
urge to panic and run from the monastery. Somehow she realized it would be
fruitless. Her problems would continue. She admitted to herself that she had
begun to enjoy the power and pleasure that she was experiencing. Furthermore she
now understood that Father Gregory was correct. Her life course was changed. In
what direction, she did not know for sure. But, Father Gregory had promised that
after tonight matters would be settled once and for all.




Chapter 6  - Black Mass



Please take note! Adults Only Literature

The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written for
adults only.

If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing this
file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
now.

This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
is purely coincidental, etc.

Copyright 2003

                                                                ****

  It was 11:30 in the evening. Everyone was seated in the church waiting for
Mass to start. The appearance of the congregation could not have been more of a
contrast with that of the previous night. Candace was wearing a blood red see
though blouse with no bra underneath. Her breasts were clearly visible and her
rouge-darkened nipples emphasized her breasts. Her matching red skirt was short,
reaching only slightly below her buttocks. It was also tight and made of a
clinging knit material. The shoes were red pumps with four-inch spike heels.
Candace was conscious of the fact that she once again looked like a whore.

  "Lucifer must prefer that his women be dressed as strumpets," decided Candace.

  Candace had not dressed herself for the evening.  After dinner, she was
returning to her room to get ready for Mass when Anna Estelle handed her a box
saying "Father Gregory says you are to wear this to Mass tonight."

  Candace opened the box when she got to her room. "I can't dress like that,"
she burst out when she opened the box. But within an instant, an inner voice
within her countered,  "I can and will wear it. I want to look like a whore and
a prostitute. I'm Satan's whore now and need to dress as the Master wishes.
Father Gregory wants me to wear it and I want to please him and my new Master."

  As she finished dressing, there was a knock on her door. Candace opened it to
find Maria Consuela and Anna Estelle dressed in garments that resembled nun's
habits but were the same shade of red as Candace was wearing. They were also
transparent and the novices were nude underneath.

  "We're hear to help with your make-up and hair, we also have some jewelry that
Father Gregory said you were to wear," said Anna Estelle.

  Candace sat quietly while Anna unbuttoned her blouse. Maria Consuela used her
fingers to apply dark red rouge to Candace's nipples. As soon as Maria
Consuela's fingers touched her nipples, Candace leaned forward and kissed the
novice. Maria Consuela leaned down and kissed Candace's nipples.

  "You two stop or we'll be late," cautioned Anna Estelle.

  Maria Consuela quickly finished applying the dark rouge to Candace's nipples.

  "My God this is erotic, Just staring at my nipples makes me want to cum," said
Candace admiring the effect of her black nipples in the mirror.

  "Later, after Mass, you two will sleep here," said Candace.

  "Yes, Candace," replied the two novices as they continued to help Candace.

  "Please stand up," asked Maria Consuela.

  When Candace stood up, Anna Estelle pulled the skirt up to her waist. She
pulled Candace's thong panties down.

  "You don't need to wear these," said Anna Estelle.

  "Here, use this to darken her sex," said Maria Consuela handing Anna Estelle a
jar of dark red, almost black, rouge. Anna Estelle requested that Candace lie on
her back on the bench and spread her legs as wide as possible. Anne Estelle
parted Candace's labial lips while Maria Consuela rubbed red rouge into each
side of her labia then she darkened Candace's clitoris. When Candace stood up to
look in the mirror, she saw the effect of her rouged sex. Her dark red clitoris
was highly visible at the top of her cunt. Her vagina looked swollen and
prominent, a dark crimson slash between her white legs.

  "Satan's cock will find its home easily enough," said Maria Consuela.

  The novices then applied red eyeliner and mascara and face power with a
reddish tint. Next they fixed gold drop earrings in each ear.

  "See how interesting and unusual they are," said Anna Estelle handing them to
Candace to examine. Candace saw the left  was a depiction of a naked St. Peter
crucified upside down. The figure was exquisitely detailed.

  "You can see the first Bishop of Rome's cock and balls," said Maria Consuela.

  The other earring was of St. Sebastian. His young naked body was upright tied
to a stake and pierced by a dozen arrows. His long cock hung down almost to his
knees.

  "They're authentic. The one of St. Peter is made from one of the nails they
used to crucify him. The arrowhead that pierced St. Sebastian's heart was used
for the other one."

  "They're very beautiful. Just the thought of their origin takes my breath
away," said Anna Estelle.

  "This is a favorite keepsake of the Master. He wants you to wear it tonight,"
said Anna Estelle as she fixed a simple gold chain around Candace's neck. The
chain held a plain gray metal cross. Candace looked at it somewhat puzzled.

  "It's the Iron Cross awarded Corporal Adolph Hitler for bravery during World
War I. He was one of the Master's favorites," said Maria Consuela.

  The final piece of jewelry was a bracelet fashioned of tear shaped beads of
metal.

  "It's made from metal that was vaporized at Hiroshima and Nagasaki. There are
molecules of the bomb casings, metal objects, and even human beings that were at
ground zero. The atomic heat vaporized solids into gas and the molecules of
different substances mixed when it cooled. It's really awesome when you think
about it. Father Gregory said that human screams are trapped within the metal."

  Anna Estelle and Maria Consuela did a final check of Candace's appearance and
then announced it was time to leave for Mass.

  The church was full when Candace arrived. There was a murmur of voices when
she appeared. Maria Consuela and Anna Estelle conducted Candace to the front pew
and sat down on each side of her. When they sat down the robes parted to reveal
bare legs. All the nuns were dressed the same.

  "My breasts are visible. My nipples are displayed but no one said a word. My
cunt is rouged. My clit is prominently displayed for all to see. I am sitting in
the House of the Lord dressed to be the bride of Satan. I see the others are
dressed appropriately for such a wedding," thought Candace.

  The women attending the retreat were dressed in bizarre revealing clothes and
carrying outlandish objects. One woman had a small stuffed dog on her lap and
another a large live raven perched on her shoulder. One lady had a live boa
constrictor draped around her shoulders like a shawl. A woman near Candace was
stroking a pet ocelot that would occasionally raise its head and pass its tongue
over her exposed breast.

   Seated to Candace's right was a woman thin as a fashion model. Her legs were
spread wide and a small dog was licking her sex. Candace watched as the woman
inserted something in her vagina and whispered to the dog, "There's another
sweet for you, Rufus. Lick it out of Momma's pussy."

  Most of the women's breasts were on display in one fashion or another. Skirts
were either very short or slit to the waist. A few of the women had pulled their
skirts up and were idly slipping dildos into their cunts as if masturbation was
an acceptable way to pass the time in the House of the Lord. At the far end of
Candace's pew was a fat priest who had his cock out and was leisurely playing
with himself as he stared at her. He acknowledged Candace's arrival with a short
wave of his hand and by speeding up the hand that was stroking his long rigid
cock. Candace watched in disbelief as he reached in a pocket of his habit and
pulled out a huge arm shaped dildo. The dildo ended in a closed fist. There was
a suction cup on one end of the dildo. The priest gave the suction cup long
lascivious licks then slapped it onto the wooden bottom of the pew. Next he
exposed his large white ass and pulled his cheeks apart and attempted to slide
the fist inside his anus.

  He made several times but each time the lubricated latex fist slipped off his
hairy butt missing his anus.

  "We better go help Father Malcolm. May we Mistress? It will only take a
second," asked Maria Consuela.

  "Yes, help him," responded Candace.

  Candace watched as the two novices walked over to the struggling priest. Maria
Consuela held the dildo in position as Anna Estelle helped Father Malcolm to
slowly slide the fist inside his rectum. Candace watched as Maria Consuela used
her fingers to loosen up Father Malcolm's anus then held the fist in position as
Ann Estelle guided his rectum down on and over the dildo.

  Candace would have guessed that Father Malcolm had over two feet of dildo
inside his bowels when the novices completed their efforts by sitting in his lap
to force his butt all the way to the pew bottom. The novices spent a few extra
minutes fondling his cock and letting him feel their tits and pussy before they
returned to Candace.

  "Father Malcolm is such a nice old priest. He sends his best wishes and
regards to you, Mistress. He said that living to see this moment is the greatest
experience of his life," said Anna Estelle.

  Candace looked up at the altar. Someone had changed all the candles. Taller
and larger candles that were blood red had replaced the regular ivory colored
candles. As the altar boy came out to light them, each exploded into flame.
Instead of the soft constant flame, it was a taller tongue of bright fire that
sputtered low then shot higher as it burned. It was an angry flame.

"Why are the statues covered?" asked Candace of the two novices. She had noticed
that all the church's considerable statuary was shrouded in red cloth of the
same blood red shade.

  "It's part of tonight's ceremony. It's very warm in here," said Maria Consuela
as she pulled her robe apart to expose her legs to mid thigh. Anna Estelle did
the same and even opened her robe at the top. Both novices began it stroke their
clits in an unconscious fashion.

  "I hope the demon who fucks me has a huge cock and rams it all the way to my
womb," said Maria Consuela.

  "I asked Father Gregory if I could take my incubus's cock in my ass and he
said that the devil would know that and split my rectum wide open with his
prick. It's time to start the Mass, Fuck, it's hot in here" said Anna Estelle.

  Candace agreed that it was more than warm. It had to be in the nineties. It
was still summer maybe the cooling system wasn't working properly. Candace
strained her eyes to take in all the bizarre and depraved occurrences. Across
the aisle, Candace saw Bernice Creswell. Bernice was wearing a skirt that was
slit to her waist and her breasts were uplifted out of a bejeweled leather
bustier. There were gold rings in her nipples and a small gold chain pulled the
rings tautly upward toward the crown of a hat fashioned out of a leathery
material containing odd designs. Bernice carried a purse that matched the hat.
Later, Candace was later to learn the very special origin of the hat and purse.

  "The hat and purse are valuable antiques. The Commandant's wife gathered the
material in the 1940's at the Buchenwald Concentration Camp. Karl and Ilse were
beloved of the Master. Ilse selected prisoners who had interesting tattoos and
had them executed then skinned. She understood the tanning process. That's how
the material has lasted these many years. Ilse loved to whip the prisoners and
was a true sadist and nymphomaniac. Karl adored her and would do anything she
asked. After the war, the press unfairly branded her the "Bitch of Buchenwald.
There are still in existence a large number of artifacts that Ilse created. My
mother has several lamps whose shades were made by Ilse in late 1944."

  Candace watched Bernice slowly stroking her clit as she pushed a large dildo
into her cunt. When Candace looked closer she saw that the dildo was carved out
of a human thighbone.

   "You can clearly see her nipples above the bustier. I love the way the chain
pulls on the rings. It must hurt but I think she's enjoying the pain." Candace
saw Connie Barker sitting by Bernice. Connie was dressed in a sheer white dress
that was almost transparent. "My God, Connie is wearing a strap on cock under
her dress. It was black, attached to a leather waist harness and hung to her
knees. You can see it hanging down between her legs. I wish Connie would fuck me
with it," said Candace to herself.

  The choir of nuns began the Te Deum signaling the start of Mass. Father
Gregory appeared in cardinal red vestments. Four young altar boys who
accompanied Father Gregory were also dressed in the same color.

  "Strange, I never seen that shade of red used before, it must be something new
or this is very special Mass," thought Candace. In spite of the strangeness, the
Mass started off as normal. Father Gregory pronouncing the Latin Liturgy in the
same resonant baritone voice of the night before.

  "This is my body, this is my blood," intoned Father Gregory in the two
thousand year old ritual.

  Everything went as normal all the way through the part of the Mass know as the
Transubstantiation when the altar wine was transformed into the blood of Christ
and the communion wafers into the body of Christ. The Eucharistic Presence of
Christ had been established. Father Gregory held up the two large chalices to
the congregation.

  As a Catholic, Candace had accepted the Doctrine of Transubstantiation. She
had always believed that the priest conducting the mass was holding up the
actual body and blood of the Savior. Father Gregory knelt down with the two
golden chalices extended forward. One by one the altar boys pulled out their
cocks and urinated in each chalice. Candice sat there watching in disbelief.

  Sister Agatha seated in the pew across the aisle stood up and removed her red
habit leaving her without a stitch of clothing other than a pair of 'fuck me'
red pumps that contrasted garishly with her aged and crooked body.  Her liver
spotted flesh had a silvery cast to it and her breasts sagged to navel. A novice
dropped between the Reverend Mother's legs and began to vigorously lick her aged
vagina. Sister Agatha pulled and twisted the nipples of her breasts as she
murmured some form of Latin chant to the novice tonguing her clit and working
her fingers into Sister Agatha's ancient vagina. 

  When all four altar boys had finished urinating, they went to each of the
statues and removed their red shrouds. When they pulled the cloth from the
statue nearest Candace, she saw that someone had modified the Virgin's image.
Although the face of the Virgin remained the same, someone had painted her lips
a garish red. There were now naked breasts standing out and there was an exposed
hair-covered vagina with a small clitoris jutting out. The naked Christ child
was sucking on one long nipple while his tiny fingers squeezed the other.
Further away, the statue of the Apostle Peter now included a large erect penis
ending in the mouth of a statue of a small boy providing fellatio.

  "This can't be happening, it's another of my crazy dreams, I'm losing my
mind," said Candace as she left the pew along with everyone else to go to the
communion rail. Candace was first in a long line of partially naked men and
women waiting to receive communion.  Candace knelt at the communion rail between
Maria Consuela and Anna Estelle. When Father Gregory reached her, Candace took a
small swallow of the first chalice. It wasn't communion wine. It tasted of human
blood mixed with urine. Then she opened her mouth and Father Gregory deposited a
small urine-soaked wafer on her tongue. Candace rolled the wafer back into her
mouth. For the second time ever, she tasted human flesh and urine. Somehow,
Candace knew this was not a wafer of wheat but actual human flesh. She looked up
to see that one of the altar boys who was accompanying Father Gregory had
exposed his boy cock and was playing with himself as they proceeded down the
communion rail. Candace found herself looking at the altar boy's penis and
wishing it was inside her mouth and she was slowly sucking the young boy.

   "I'm insane, totally fucking insane," thought Candace.

  Candace returned to her pew and knelt down.

  When communion was over, Father Gregory made an announcement.

  "Before the arrival of the Master, each of you must allow Satan into your
soul. When you close your eyes, he will send you a vision that you can embrace,
it will give you pleasure far beyond that experienced by other mortals, it will
take you to places and times that are extraordinary, you will experience the
history of mankind as you would have never thought possible, accept it as a gift
of the Dark Lord."




Chapter 7 - The Dungeon of Fortress Antonia



Please take note! Adults Only Literature

The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written for
adults only.

If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing this
file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
now.

This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
is purely coincidental, etc.

Copyright 2003

                                                                ****

  Candace closed her eyes. Almost immediately she found herself transported back
through time. She was lying on her back. A man was on top of her pushing his
cock in and out of her vagina as he sucked and bit on her nipple. Her arms were
tightly wrapped around the man's back as she clung to his body.

  "That's right, work that Jew cunt of yours, whore," said the man.

  Candace was grunting each time he pitched forward. Her ankles were locked
behind his back and she used her legs to pull him into her each time he came
downward. Her body was covered in sweat. Her arms cradled the man's head and she
was urging him on.

  "Bite them and suck on them, I love it when you hurt my tits," said Candace
grinding her clitoris against the man's hairy pubic area, maximizing the effect
of his stiff curly pubic hairs rubbing over her clit. Candace struggled to get
his cock deeper inside her using all the force in her long legs to first pull
him into her then grind their crotches together.

  "Fuck me Quintus, fuck your Hebrew whore," groaned Candace was she writhed her
body against the soldier.

  Candace was commanding her cunt to squeeze his cock when it reached deep
inside her. The man, Quintus, was a soldier, a Roman Legionnaire.  He had a long
fat cock and Candace felt it strain against the walls of her cunt each time it
plunged into her.

  Too soon, Candace felt him climax inside her vagina and she in turn allowed
her own orgasm to roll through her body. The soldier fell forward beside her.
They were both covered in sweat and he was breathing hard. The room smelled of
sex.

  "You're always worth the money, I tell everyone in Rome, how good you Hebrew
whores fuck," said Quintus as he recovered his breath.

  Candace looked around. She was in a large room lying on a small cot. The light
wasn't good. There were several beds separated by thin transparent curtains. Oil
lamps provided the only light. On a couple of the other beds, there were women
being fucked by men. The woman on the bed next to hers was slowly sucking a
man's cock.

  "Quintus, Let me suck you hard and we can do it again,"

  "Sorry, harlot, but the legion has a job to do for the governor and it
wouldn't do for me to be late," said Quintus who had risen from the pallet.
Quintus untied his purse from his sword belt. He reached in, took out several
coins, inspected them carefully and then threw them on the bed between Candace's
legs. Candace quickly reached down and scooped the coins up.

  "Greedy cunt, you're all the same," smirked Quintus reflecting his worldview
of Hebrews, Judea, and whores.

  With her other hand, Candace reached out and took Quintus's cock in her hand
and stroked it.

  "Again, I'll only charge you half."

  "Tempting but the Tribune might cut it off if I'm late and that wouldn't do
either of us any good, this execution is serious business."

  "Can't it wait," said Candace continuing to play with Quintus. Candace wanted
to be fucked again.

  "No, Pilate wants the execution done by nightfall."

  "Who is it?"

  "He's called Jesus, the Nazarene, a religious fanatic who claims to be the
Messiah, the son of God, you Hebrews never seem to run out of these lunatics,"
said Quintus as he finished putting on his uniform.

  "Will many Roman soldiers be there?"

  "Enough to fill that hole of yours many times over, but they'll be busy,
Jesus' followers may get a little rowdy but nothing the First Cohort of the
Tenth Legion can't handle."

  "I've never seen a Roman execution."

  "It's something Rome is well known for. General Crassus once crucified 6000
slaves along the Via Appia after a slave rebellion. As for the Nazarene, they've
probably been working on him in Pilate's dungeon at the Fortress Antonia. After
that, he's to be whipped publicly. Pilate has invited the leaders of the Hebrews
to watch the scourging.  Finally, we'll take him out to that little hill over
the quarry, Golgotha, and crucify him."

  "Take me along, I want to see."

  "See a crucifixion, it's a painful way to die even for a Jew, what a blood
thirsty little bitch you are, you must have a taste for blood?"

  "Please, I'll not charge you next time."

  "I could get in trouble with my Tribune, make it worth my risk, say the next
two times."

  "Agreed, the next two times."

  "All right, whore, hurry, and get your clothes on."

  Candace dressed quickly in the revealing costume that was lying on the floor
beside the bed. It was what she normally wore when she was downstairs in the
brothel waiting to be chosen by a customer. It was held together with a simple
clip. That allowed her to get naked and ready to service a customer with a
minimum of delay.

  Candace and Quintus walked quickly through alleyways of ancient Jerusalem.
They were strewn with garbage and raw sewerage. The stench was over powering.
Although it was afternoon, the sky was dark like a thunderstorm was approaching.
They traveled through the rough stone city streets for nearly an hour. At last
they reached the entrance of Fortress Antonia. As they approached the gate,
their entry was challenged.

  "Who goes there?" asked a Legionnaire.

  "Quintus Maximus, cornicularius of the Tenth Legion."

  "Who's that with you?" asked the Legionnaire.

  "A Hebrew whore, she wants to see the Nazarene crucified."

  "No Jews allowed entry tonight other than the bunch that's already inside.
Pilate's too worried about the mob, they want this Jesus' blood," said the
Legionnaire.

  "She's just a whore, nothing to be concerned about," said Quintus.

  Candace walked up to the Legionnaire guard, took his hand in her and put it
inside her shift on her breast.

  "Maybe I'll let her in if she's a good whore, she'll have to prove it first,"
said the Legionnaire squeezing Candace's tit.

  "Candace, it looks like you are going to have to fuck your way in," said
Quintus.

  "Do I have to do the four of you?" asked Candace.

  "Yes, and maybe more of us once your inside, but that's your problem," said
the Legionnaire pushing Candace's shift off her soldier to look at his hand
squeezing her breast. "Look at those breasts, Venus herself would envy a pair of
knockers like that."

  "You can play with them while you fuck me," said Candace.

  "Make it quick, I'm nearly late," said Quintus.

  "I'll do two at a time, I prefer it that way."

  "All right, Livius and I will go first, then you too. Keep a sharp eye out for
the Tribune," said the Legionnaire in charge of the other three soldiers.

  "What's your name, whore?" asked the Legionnaire.

  "Candace."

  "Well, Candace, show me how much you want to get inside and see the Nazarene,"
said the Legionnaire as he motioned Candace inside the small guardhouse by the
gate.

  Candace walked into the guardroom with two of the Legionnaire's. She dropped
her shift to the floor and knelt down naked between the two soldiers. In a
moment, she had one cock in her mouth and was stroking the other soldier in her
hand. She switched quickly getting both Legionnaires' hard in a matter of
moments.

  "She's good, these Jerusalem whores know how to get a man hard," said the
Legionnaire to Quintus who was standing in the guardroom door helping to keep
watch for the Tribune.

  "Good as anything in Rome, She's got a nut cracker, puts the pressure on your
cock every time you go in, her mother was a whore and she taught it to the
daughter, I don't think there's a Hebrew woman in all Galilee that's not willing
to sell a piece of her ass if the price is right, " said Quintus.

  Candace head the soldier behind her spit on his cock then she grunted as the
Legionnaire mounted her from behind. He roughly stuck a finger in her ass and
twisted it. Romans liked to cause a woman pain when they fucked her. Candace
normally obliged them by reacting as if the pain was greater than it actually
was. She kept the other soldier's cock in her mouth as she pushed herself back
to meet the thrusts of the soldier at her rear.

  "She's tight but I've felt tighter, there's a Nubian over near the Temple, now
there's a cunt that can squeeze the wrinkles out of your dick," said the
Legionnaire fucking Candace dog style.

  Candace accepted the challenge and focused the muscles of her vaginal walls to
contract on the Legionnaire's next inward thrust.

  "Ouch, by Jupiter's balls, she practically pinched my cock off, watch it,
harlot," said the Legionnaire as he landed a powerful slap to the side of
Candace's butt cheek.

  "I told you she was tight and strong, hurry up," said Quintus.

  The Legionnaire ejaculated into Candace's mouth as the other Legionnaire
climaxed in her vagina. She milked both cocks dry. At Quintus's urging, the
other two guards quickly replaced the two legionnaires. Candace used a dirty rag
off the floor to wipe some of the cum out of her vagina. Candace set to work
once more. It felt good to be a whore and have these rough soldiers dumping
their seed into her body.  She sucked one cock hard as she jacked off the other.

  "She's good, Quintus Maximus, where did you find her," asked the Legionnaire
whose cock Candace was sucking.

  "At a brothel, where else do you find a whore?" answered Quintus.

  "And she wants to see one of her people crucified, definitely not a nice girl,
here, swallow a little Roman piss, I hear you Hebrew sluts have a taste for
Legionnaire piss," said the Legionnaire as he squirted a mouthful of urine into
Candace. Candace swallowed it and kept sucking.

  "Quit fucking around, screw the whore and let's us go," said Quintus his nose
detecting the smell of fresh urine.

  "All right, just a bit of fun, I like the way these local girls don't hesitate
about anything, drink your piss, eat your shit and they love a Roman cock up
their ass."

  "Just follow that Roman piss with your Roman cum," said Quintus.

  Candace moved a finger to her vagina to wet it. The Legionnaire in her cunt
was thrusting away and seemed to be getting close to an orgasm. But she sensed
the one in her mouth need a little encouragement. Candace reached between his
legs, spread his butt cheeks and slipped the tip of her wet finger into his ass.

  "Oh yea, that's right, push your sweet little finger right into my shit hole,
this one knows what's she doing," gasped the Legionnaire.

  In a few moments, Candace's body accepted two more loads of Roman sperm. She
got quickly to her feet, pausing briefly to wipe her cunt with a dirty rag. Then
she put her shift back on. Quintus roughly grabbed her arm and pulled her inside
the courtyard of the Fortress Antonia. The four Legionnaires waved goodbye
feeling lucky that an attractive whore had fucked them without making them pay.

  "You must want to see this, its not everyday Hebrew whores fuck for nothing,"
said Quintus.

   "Only on special occasions and feast days, my mother follows the Nazarene.
She says that he's the Messiah."

  "Your mother's a whore too?"

  "She was once but now she's quit to follow the one they call Jesus."

  "There's no such thing as an ex-whore, you're a whore now and you'll be a
whore tomorrow and the day after that, no matter if you never let another man
touch you, you'll still be a whore."

  Candace recognized they were in the courtyard of the fortress. On each corner
were four massive towers. In the center of the courtyard, there was a post and a
man being stripped naked. His hands were chained over his head. There was a
group of about fifty Hebrews citizens of Jerusalem gathered to watch the Romans
punish Jesus of Nazareth. They regarded Jesus as a troublemaker who had usurped
their influence with the people of Judea.

  "There's your Messiah," said Quintus.

  The Nazarene was being readied by a Legionnaire who was naked to the waist.
Candace wondered what it would be like to be stripped naked and taken out in
front of a large crowd and whipped. By their clothes and jewels, Candace knew
that Jerusalem's religious and political leaders were present. She recognized
several of the high priests who presided over the religious ceremonies at the
temple. They were there with their wives and families to watch this religious
heretic being punished. The Roman Procurator, Pontius Pilate, had agreed to the
execution as a way to consolidate his power and control over Judea.

  "Stay here, I have to report to my Tribune," said Quintus hurrying off toward
a group of Roman officers. Candace looked at the naked body of the Nazarene. He
was only about ten feet away. He was leaning with his back against the post with
his hands chained over his head to the top of the thick round stake that the
Romans used for public scourging. He had been beaten. His lips were bleeding and
there were bruises on his legs and abdomen.

  She found herself lusting toward his large cock, thinking about what it would
take to make it hard and slip it inside her. It was splattered with sweat and
blood. Her cunt felt empty and hungry as she looked at it. I want to suck his
dick till it's hard as Roman steel then open my hole to it and feel every inch
as it slips inside my cunt. Quintus grabbing her arm interrupted Candace's
reverie.

  "This isn't good. My Tribune wants to see you," said Quintus as he roughly
pulled her away.

  "What for?" asked Candace.

  "I don't ask my officers why. I just follow orders, maybe he wants his cock
sucked, call him Sir when he speaks to you."

  Candace found herself face to face with a Roman officer. Quintus saluted and
said,   "Tribune, this is Candace, the Hebrew whore."

  "I am Marcus Tellius, Tribune of the First Cohort, do you know what that
means, Whore?" asked Marcus.

  "No sir," replied Candace realizing that Marcus Tellius looked exactly like
Father Gregory.

  "It means that I am second in command of the Tenth Legion, Cesar's least loved
legion that he has sent to this Jewish pig sty to maintain order, Quintus tells
me you convinced him to bring him here, is that correct?"

  "Yes sir."

  "How many free fucks did you have to offer him?"

  "Two sir," replied Candace.

  "You can always count on a Roman to think with their dick. If Pilate was here,
he would have you both whipped, how did you get past the gate? I told them to
admit no one."

  "I fucked my way past, sir."

  "Spoken like a true and honest whore, I hope the guards consider you worth it
after I punish them."

  "They will, sir."

  "Somehow, I don't doubt it. You must be a follower of this Jesus, they one the
call the King of the Jews."

  "No sir, I'm not. My mother is though. I came to see him crucified."

  "Maybe you want to fuck him too, He is very well equipped. I noticed some of
the Pharisees' wives licking their lips when he was stripped. What do you think
of his cock?"

  "It's very thick and long. He could make a woman think the Son of God was in
her cunt."

  "Well put, good, then you won't object to what I have in mind. Pilates and the
Pharisees want Jesus disgraced and humiliated, a public fucking of a man who
called himself the Son of God might satisfy everyone, are you up for it, whore?
"

  "Yes sir."

  "You're willing to let your own people and the First Cohort of the Tenth
Legion watch you screw this Jesus right here in the open courtyard of the
Fortress Antonia?"

  "Yes sir, they can all watch."

  "I was told that Hebrew whores had no shame, Quintus, I'm feeling generous,
put this little flower in the cell with the two thieves that are going to join
Jesus on the cross, let them try her out first, if they don't kill her we'll let
her have her wish, I think our crowd of Pharisees will appreciate seeing Jesus,
King of the Jews, Son of God, screwing someone from the brothel, especially when
her quim's full of sperm from thieves."

  Quintus saluted and took Candace by the arm and walked her toward the entrance
into the dungeons of the Fortress Antonia.

  "Where are you taking me?" asked Candace in a whisper.

  "They are going to crucify two common thieves along with the Nazarene. It's a
way of showing how the Romans feel about Jesus being the Son of God.  Marcus is
feeling generous so he's giving you to them, He said that if you survive you can
get your other wish," said Quintus as they walked into the dungeon.

  "Why wouldn't I survive?"

  "One of the thieves broke into the house of a Pharisee one night. He went to
the room of their young daughter, raped her and then he cut her throat, he might
throttle you."

  "I'll survive."

  "No doubt you will."

  Candace and Quintus walked down a dark inclined corridor. Torches hanging from
the walls provided the only light. Candace heard the noise of rats scurrying in
front of them as they descended. Finally they came to the bottom of the incline
and entered a large area. 

  "Who goes there?" asked a voice from the darkness.

  "Quintus Maximus on a mission for Tribune Marcus Tellius, Is that you,
Lucius?"

  Candace was able to see a stooped figure in the dim light. He wore only a
loincloth. As he got closer, Candace saw that his body was covered with scars
and he was hunchback. There was a mound of grizzled bony flesh on his back. Most
of his teeth were missing and he smelled of urine and shit.

  "Lucius it is, what bring you here and with this lovely one. Has she committed
a crime? Extracting a confession from such a pretty girl would be my pleasure,"
said Lucius as he took Candace's hand.

  "No, the Tribune is feeling generous. He's decided to give today's lot a
little entertainment before they go up on the cross. Put her in cell with the
two thieves and let them have some fun with her."

  "She's a pretty thing. I might enjoy her too."

  "She's a brothel girl, do as you like. But I have to come get her when they've
finished whipping the Nazarene. She's agreed to screw him in the courtyard right
in front of the Pharisees, Marcus Tellius has decided to provide a little public
humiliation for the King of the Jews," said Quintus walking back toward the
dungeon entrance.

  Candace put her hand between Lucius's crooked legs and stroked his cock. She
put her arm around his back and ran her fingers over the hump. She pushed her
tongue into his toothless mouth and intertwined it with his tongue. She breathed
in his foul smelling breath and ran her tongue over the decayed stumps of his
teeth.

  "Quickly, put me in the cell with the two thieves. I will finish quickly with
them. Then you can enjoy me at your leisure," whispered Candace rubbing both
hands over Lucius's hump.

  "Torrance, hurry, get the two thieves into a cell together, we have a gift for
them from the Tribune," screamed Lucius.

  Candace saw a large young man dressed in rags come out of the dark. He
scampered to one of the iron cages, opened it and roughly drug out a fat man by
a chain attached to his collar. He opened the barred door of another cell door
and shoved the man inside. There was already a man in that cell. Torrance
entered the cell and removed chains attached to their legs and arms. He used his
whip to drive the men back into the far corner of the cell.

  Lucius walked Candace over to the cell door. As she reached the cell, she
unclipped the broach that held her shift on and let it fall to the floor.
Candace felt Lucius's hand on her buttock. Candace walked into the cell naked.

  "Complements of the Tribune," said Lucius.

  Candace walked up to the taller of the two thieves and embraced him. The
shorter heavier set one started playing with his cock as he ran his hand over
Candace's butt. Both men were filthy and covered with cuts and scabs. There was
a boil on the cheek of the fat thief. It was oozing puss. The taller one was
missing both ears. Most of their teeth were gone and the few that remained were
yellow with black spots. Candace turned and kissed the fat thief as she reached
between his chubby legs and fondled his balls.

  "I want you to eat my ass then you can fuck it," said Candace as she pushed
her tongue inside the fat's man mouth. His breath smelled of garbage. Candace
drove her tongue into his mouth feeling the scabs on his lips and the hard
canker sores on his tongue.

  Candace forced the taller thief backwards. He lay down on the stone dungeon
floor playing with his cock. Candace straddled his body, sat on his thighs, then
leaned forward and took his cock in her mouth and started to suck it. She felt
the other thief grab each buttock and roughly force them apart. Immediately, she
felt the thief's mouth on her asshole licking and probing its way inside.
Candace grunted when he used his fingers to hold her anus open so he could slip
his tongue inside and lick a complete circle. Candace relaxed her sphincter so
her ass hole was open to his tongue. Once she had relaxed, she felt him place
his lips around her open sphincter and begin a rhythmic sucking. First he would
slip his tongue inside; then he would suck on her hole creating a vacuum inside
her rectum.

  The thief with his cock in her mouth had gotten hard so Candace scooted
forward holding his cock in one hand. She used it to part the lips of her cunt
and then push downward forcing the cock head into her cunt. Candace contracted
her abdomen, tightened her vagina and slithered the thief's cock inside her cunt
as far as it would go. He exhaled a low slow breath of pleasure as Candace
contracted her muscles once more and gave a powerful pulse of motion that
radiated along the sides of his cock. Candace leaned forward and downward so her
ass was accessible to the other thief.

  "Eat my ass some more, then fuck it," said Candace to the fat thief.

  Candace smiled as she felt a cock being positioned at her butt hole. It felt
blunt and large as he wedged himself inside the tight muscle. She relaxed her
sphincter and let the blunt cock enter her rectum.

  "That's right. Fuck my ass, thief, take it slow and make it last," whispered
Candace.

  The thief underneath her was squeezing her breasts with his hands. His fingers
were pinching and twisting her nipples. He was trying to hurt her. The thief
behind her had begun to shove his cock in and out her asshole.

  "Look at her, Torrance, she hasn't been in there for a minute but she's
already got them hard and in her holes," said Lucius from outside the cell.

  Candace raised her head and breathed in the dungeon's foul stench. It was a
reeking mixture of filth, urine, and shit that was all pervading. There was also
the smell of fear and suffering. Men and women were held in small cages
scattered throughout the dungeon. On the far wall, a man and woman were
suspended naked far above the ground. They were hanging by their wrists against
the rough stonewall. In the darkness, Candace could see that in place of the
woman's breasts, there were two bloody wounds across her chest.

   Candace breathed deeply drawing in the fetid air. Every breath brought the
foul air into your nose and lungs. Candace was becoming aroused as she savored
the aroma of what must be one of the worst places on earth. Both thieves' breath
reeked of the rotting food they were fed. Candace felt power and lust flowing
through her veins.

  "Did you kill the little girl?" asked Candace of the thief whose cock she was
ridding up and down on.

  "Yes, I slit the little bitch's throat, she kept trying to call for mommy to
come and save her," said the thief.

  "Were you still fucking her when you did that?"

  "Yes, I fucked her till she was dead, then I fucked her some more. She was
starting to get cold and stiff when I finished."

  "How did it feel to have your cock inside her as her blood ran out over her
body?"

  "It made me want to cum. I liked it. I'd do it to you if I had a knife. "

  "What else would you do to me?"

  "I'd cut your nipples off and eat them. Maybe the tip of your nose and your
ears, I'm hungry. I've done that before but they didn't catch me that time."

  "How did it taste?"

  "They were good, I had more time with her. She was fat. Her husband was away.
I tied her down on a table. First I cut her tongue out and ate that while she
watched. Next I cut one nipple off. I made her watch while I ate that too. I cut
the other one off and gave it to her dog to eat. I took my knife and stuck it up
her cunt and worked it around while she hollered for her husband. Then I stuck
my cock in her bloody hole and fucked her till she died."

  "I'm lucky to have your cock inside of me. I can enjoy you as we fuck and you
tell me of the terrible things you've done, I'll think of those things as they
nail you to the cross and my pussy will get wet," said Candace wrapping her
hands around the thief's head and kissing him passionately.

  "More than lucky, I'm a thief but you're nothing but a common whore, I'd cut
you up slow, I'd start with your face, you wouldn't be so pretty after I slit
your nose and the corners of your mouth."

  "And you've done that before?"

  "Yes, to a man and his wife, it was outside Tyre, they were young, coming home
from her parents when my partner and I grabbed them right off the street and
took them to an empty grain warehouse."

  "And you had fun with them?"

  "Yes, we tied the husband up where he could watch while we got busy with his
wife. My partner, Aaron, he liked to make the husband watch while we cut on his
woman. First we raped her, I did her three times, twice in her ass, and then we
slit her nose from her nostrils to her eyebrows. She was pretty like you and I
wanted to make her ugly. I put my knife in the corner of her mouth and cut her
cheek through all the way to her ears," said the thief as he used his finger to
trace a line from the corner of Candace's mouth back to her ear lobe.

  "Imagine how you'd look when I was done with you," said the thief.

  Candace leaned down and gave the thief a long lingering kiss as she slowly
raised and lowed her cunt over his hard cock.

  "Oh that feels good. And what did you do with these?" asked Candace talking
one of his hands and squeezing her breasts.

  "I pulled her little nipples out as far as they would go, just like this. Then
I bit them off. You should have heard her scream. It sounded funny because her
mouth was slit open, not a proper scream at all."

  "What else?" asked Candace feeling pleasures that she had never experienced as
she listened to the thief's story. She pictured the horribly mutilated face in
her mind and started to climax.

  "Cut the husbands balls off and made her eat one and him the other, then it
was getting late, we slit their throats and left."

  "Is this your partner, Aaron?" asked Candace leaning back and turning her head
to kiss the fat man slowly humping her ass.

  "No, Aaron's dead, they caught him stealing from the temple in Hebron. They
took him out in the square and stuck a stake up his ass. Then they put it in the
ground with him impaled high up in the air. He didn't die for two days."

  "What happened to your ears?" asked Candace as she leaned down to kiss and
lick the scar tissue covering the side of the thief's head.

  "Some merchants caught me stealing at the marketplace in Aleppo. Some of them
sat on my back while another sliced them off."

  "What would you do to me if you could?" asked Candace

  "I'd take my time, make you last, you could take days to die, but I'd cut you
slow, maybe take these off first, so we'd match," said the thief as he touched
Candace's ears.

  Candace experienced a powerful orgasm listening to the words of the thief and
feeling his hands touch her ears. The one in her rear was grunting louder and
louder as he neared a climax. He sounded like a pig rutting in the mud as he
pushed into Candace's ass. Finally he dumped a load of sperm in Candace's
rectum. Candace's entire body felt the warm cum slowly seeping into her rectum.
The fat thief rolled off to the side breathing heavily.

  Candace kissed the thief again as she rode up and down on his cock. Finally,
he ejaculated into Candace's vagina. Candace felt the warm liquid coat the walls
of her vagina. Her feelings were acute like she was becoming a different species
that had evolved senses far more powerful than normal.

  Candace stood up. Lucius and Torrance were standing near the cell door playing
with their cocks.

  "Come quickly, pretty one, Quintus may return at any time," said Lucius.

  Candace walked to the cell door. Lucius opened it and pulled her over to a
bench.

  "Get down on the bench like a dog, Torrance and I want you that way," said
Lucius.

  "Let me feel your back first. I've never seen anything so beautiful before,"
said Candace as she wrapped her arms around Lucius and massaged the lumpy mass
on his spine.

"It's so handsome, it's beautiful beyond words to describe. I love the feel of
it. It's hard like bone and its curved and twisted." Candace moaned as she ran
her hands over the hard fleshy mass of bone and cartilage. She was grinding her
cunt against Lucius's leg as her fingers explored the mass of twisted cartilage
covering the hump.

  Candace turned Lucius around and rubbed her breasts over the hump. Her nipples
felt like glass as they traced a path across the bony protuberance. Candace
licked and kissed the hump.

  "Quintus didn't tell us you were crazy. My hump's ugly," said Lucius.

"Ugly, never, more beautiful than words can describe," said Candace as once
again she kissed and licked it.

  "Crazy Jew whore, get down on all fours, Quintus will return any minute," said
Lucius.

  Candace got down on her knees and elbows. Lucius used his fingers to open
Candace's vagina and slid his cock inside. He minded not one bit that a large
pool of the thief's cum oozed out onto his own cock. Torrance sat down directly
in front of Candace and placed his cock against her lips. She opened her mouth
and took it in.

  "Torrance and I get to fuck everyone they put in our dungeon. Men we fuck in
the ass and we make them suck our cocks. Some don't like that much but we make
them nonetheless. Women we take in all three holes, like we're going to do you."

  "This is the prettiest one so far," said Torrance.

  "She' pretty but she's still a harlot, you saw the way she fucked those two
thieves," said Lucius.

  "She's much prettier than the Thracian," said Torrance.

  "Yea, but the Thracian was ours for days, she stabbed a Legionnaire in a
tavern. The Tribune told us to make an example of her."

  "Tell me what you did to her as you fuck me," asked Candace removing
Torrance's cock from her mouth to make the request.

  "What did we do first? Can you remember Torrance?" asked Lucius.

  "We fucked her first, we did her all afternoon, we fucked her ass till it
started to bleed," said Torrance.

  "Yes, I know but how we did punish her first? By Jupiter's balls, this one has
a tight cunt; I've never felt anything like it, it feels like your cum is being
sucked right out of your dick, " said Lucius as he pushed his cock in and out of
Candace's cunt.

  "Now I remember. Toenails, we did her toenails first," said Torrance.

  "That's right, she was a dancer in the tavern, she had pretty little feet and
she had painted her toenails, we pulled the nails off one by one, the Tribune
brought her family and friends here to watch, we kept them in a cell nearby
while we worked on her, her screams echoed off the walls each time Torrance
twisted another one off, They were painted blue, I keep them in a box by my
bed," said Lucius.

  "You should have heard her family beg for mercy but she killed a Roman soldier
and that required us to make an example," said Torrance.

  "What's next, oh, the feet, we took an iron bar and broke every bone in her
feet and her legs below the knee. Her dancing days were over. Then we picked her
up and tried to make her walk while the family watched, my but she was a
screamer, I kept wanting to cut her tongue out but the Tribune said it was
important that her family and friends listened to her scream. I guess he's
right, you can't make an example unless they hear them scream," said Lucius.

  "That's why he's the Tribune and we're down here."

  "After that, it was the horse, Torrance, take your cock out of her mouth for a
minute, Candace, look over there to your right, see that jagged piece of iron
jutting out from the column?" asked Lucius.

  Candace looked over to see a wedge shaped iron bar that was set in a stone
column. It stood straight out perpendicular from the column about five feet off
the ground.

  "I see it, how does it work?" Candace asked then resumed sucking Torrance's
cock.

  "Well pretty one if we have time, we'll put you up on it and let you see for
yourself. The Thracian certainly didn't think it was much fun. We chained some
iron weights to what was let of her feet, then we sat her down on the Horse one
leg on each side with her sweet little pussy resting right on the wedge. All her
weight was on her cunt," said Lucius.

  "You wouldn't think it wouldn't hurt all that bad but most say there's nothing
worse," said Torrance.

  "It's the weight of your own body plus a little iron added by yours truly
pulling you down right on your tender pussy. Sometimes they go insane after an
hour or so on the Horse. There was a Jewess here two months ago. She killed her
own children after she found her husband in bed with her sister. We put her on
the horse for an hour and she was a ravening lunatic when we were done. We had
to cut her tongue out to stop her from screaming."

  "But the Thracian stayed there for half a day. Her friends kept offering us
money to kill her. But we're Romans and know the importance of discipline and
making a proper example of anyone who goes against the Roman Army," said Lucius.

  "After that, we heated up the old breast ripper, those sharp three prong
pinchers over on the table, to where they were red hot and pulled her tits off. 
When the pincher ends are glowing red, you grab the tit in the three prongs,
give it a twist and it comes off like a ripe apple from the tree," said
Torrance.

  "Takes some skill and experience to do it right, otherwise you take off the
whole chest and they bleed out and die quickly, but we got just the tits off the
Thracian, she lived another three days," said Lucius.

  "After that, we did her hands like her feet, slowly tore off the nails then
broke the bones, she was like a sack of flour after we finished, next we branded
her all over, oh yes, we branded her between the legs, right on the old cunt,
she yelled when we did that, how'd you like that, Candace, Torrance could heat
up an iron in the brazier and we could stick it right on that pretty pussy of
yours, make you jump around a little," said Lucius.

  Candace was experiencing one orgasm after another as she listened to the tale
of the two torturers. She gave a powerful contraction of vagina and felt Lucius
release a flow of warm sperm into her pussy.

  "Very excellent fuck this one, I can see why they chose her to do the
Nazarene. Come around her Torrance and finish in whatever hole you got a yin
for," said Lucius.

  "So how did you finish the Thracian?" asked Candace.

  "Tightened a metal strap around her skull until her brain squirted out her
eyeballs. The Tribune made the family sit and watch while Torrance slowly worked
the screw. First she bleeds from the nose, then the mouth and ears. Next her
eyeballs popped out and rested on her cheeks. Finally her brain oozed out her
eye sockets. I doubt anybody from that tavern puts a dagger in a Roman any time
soon," said Lucius.

  "Hurry up, Micas has whipped the hide off the Nazarene's back. The Tribune is
ready for Candace to work on him next," said Quintus who had arrived unnoticed
and was watching Torrance slowly fuck Candace from the rear. Candace reached
back between her legs and fondled his balls as she squeezed his cock. Candace
felt Torrance release inside her.

  "How was she? She take care of the thieves?" asked Quintus.

  "Got quite a talented pussy there, fucked them and the two of us, her cunt
practically draws the jism out of you, why don't you leave her with us for a few
days, we can let her ride the Horse," said Lucius.

  "Grab your shift, Candace, the Tribune doesn't like to be kept waiting," said
Quintus ignoring Lucius's remark.

  Candace quickly threw her shift back on. She walked beside Quintus up the
stairs toward the open courtyard. Right before they courtyard there was a large
cistern.

  "Stop a minute, strip naked," said Quintus.

  "Do we have time for a quick one? I thought you said the Tribune was
impatient," said Candace as she removed her shift thinking that Quintus wanted
her again.

  Quintus picked her up and threw her in the cistern. It was only three feet
deep and Candace came up sputtering. "What did you do that for?" she demanded.

  "Your smell makes me want to puke, wash off, even the King Of The Jews
deserves a fuck from someone who doesn't smell like a Jerusalem sewer."

  Candace hurriedly washed off. Then Quintus helped her to step out of the
cistern.

  "That's better, I must say I'm surprised, most people would shit themselves at
the mere thought of being inside that dungeon but you act like it was just
another place to fuck."

  "It had its merits," said Candace as she quickly redressed.

  It was mid afternoon when Quintus and Candace stepped out in the open
courtyard of the Fortress Antonia.  Quintus marched Candace over to face the
Tribune.




Chapter 8 - Crucifixion



Please take note! Adults Only Literature

The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written for
adults only.

If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing this
file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
now.

This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
is purely coincidental, etc.

Copyright 2003

                                                                ****

  "Throw some water on him, the whore's back," Marcus Tellius shouted as Quintus
and Candace arrived. Jesus had been taken down from the whipping post and was
lying on the ground covered in blood. A Legionnaire splashed a full bucket of
water over Jesus. He did the same with a second bucket. Jesus' body shook as the
icy water landed on the open cuts that covered his body. He sputtered and spit
as the pain caused him to writhe in agony.

  "Quintus Maximus reporting with the whore, Candace, as ordered, Sir" said
Quintus.

  "Did she fuck the two thieves?" asked Marcus.

  "Yes sir, and their jailers. "

  "Impressive, what did you think of your visit to our dungeon?"

  "Interesting men, especially the one with the hump back, Sir"

  "Lucius, yes he is one of a kind, I imagine he would love to entertain you for
a while, you wouldn't be so pretty when he was done with you. And he may get his
chance if you fail me with this Jesus. In spite of the fact that they are
Pharisees, Members of the Sanhedrin and high priests of the Temple of David,
they are very anxious to see you defile the Son of God. I hope you didn't wear
that little pussy of your out, down in our dungeon?"

  "No, Sir, my pussy is always eager for another fuck, Sir," said Candace.

  "I bet it is. Quintus has been telling me you live for cock. Before this is
over, I may test your endurance. But to the matter at hand, whore fucking is not
exactly godly behavior, although I understand Jesus did occasionally dally with
a fat little twat named Mary Magdalene. You know of her?"

  "Yes, she worked in our brothel before she became a follower of Jesus. She was
a good whore. Her customers all ways felt they got their money's worth, Sir."

  "I've seen her, a little too fat for my taste. Your esteemed religious leaders
agree with me that a good public fucking by a prostitute was just what was
needed to convince the populace that Jesus was not quite the holy man he wanted
everyone to believe. Not really surprising is that they and their wives are
quite enthusiastic about watching you work. Priests, no one has a stiffer dick
than a priest nor a hungrier cunt than a priest's wife."

  "I can make him cum, if he's not dead," said Candace.

  "Good, He's pretty damaged. You've got your work cut out. I want you to get
him hard with your mouth and fuck him till he drops a load of holy jism into
that well used cunt of yours. Be conscious of the crowd, show them his hard-on,
they want to see what's happening."

  "Yes, Sir," replied Candace eager to get started on Jesus.

  Candace walked over to the prostrate Jesus. There were maybe thirty or forty
Pharisees with their wives standing only a few feet away. They crowded in closer
as Candace dropped her shift and stood naked in the center of the courtyard.
There were shouts of approval from the ranks of the Cohort standing in formation
nearby.

  "That the whore, Quintus brought. He fucks her at the brothel every chance he
gets."

  "Look at those tits and ass. Quintus always could pick then."

  "Stand fast," barked the Tribune. The soldiers immediately quieted down.

  "She's quite beautiful, too beautiful for that scum," said one of the women in
the crowd of Pharisees.

  "She works in the brothel near Damascus Gate," said a man in the crowd.

  "And how would you know?" demanded a laughing female voice. This was followed
by more laughter.

  Jesus was lying on his side moaning. Candace saw that his back was flayed from
the top of his shoulder all the way to his buttocks. You could see muscle where
the whip had removed the skin from the center of his back. The sight of the
bloody exposed flesh aroused her. Candace grabbed Jesus' ankles and pulled them
apart, kneeling down between his legs. That forced Jesus to roll onto his back
causing him to moan in pain as the ripped flesh came in contact with the rough
stone floor of the courtyard.

  "Just be still and relax. I'll do all the work," said Candace, "Your father
has sent me as a reward for your sacrifice."

  Candace reached forward and took Jesus' cock in her hand. It was long and
thick with smooth sides. Candace noted that it was neatly circumcised.  Candace
leaned forward and licked the tip of his cock as she slowly stroked it.

  "A blowjob worthy of the Messiah," whispered one of the priests.

  Candace's tongue licked gracefully clockwise and then counterclockwise around
the head of the cock. Her fingers played with his balls as she licked his cock
head. She ran her hands up and down his thighs allowing them to rest on his
balls. One hand lifted his balls while the other teased the area below his
scrotum.

  "An artist at work, she knows her craft," said a male voice in the crowd.

  "Can you imagine doing that in front of all these people, she must have no
sense of shame," said another female voice.

  "She's a whore, what do you expect," answered a male voice.

  "But she is a Jew and should at least practice her trade inside the brothel,"
argued back the woman.

  "Quiet, you women watch and learn, next time you ask yourself why your
husbands visit the whorehouse, you'll know the answer," said a male voice. This
was followed by more laughter.

  Candace had wondered whether she could arouse Jesus given his condition but
the twitching of his cock in her hand told her it was going to happen. His cock
was getting firmer. Candace took Jesus' balls in her hand and gave them a gentle
massage. He moaned softly.

  "Son of God or not, he likes his nuts played with," said someone in the crowd.

  "Who the hell doesn't? She can do me as soon as she finishes with him," asked
another.

  Candace leaned forward and gave the cock tip slow licks as she stroked her
hand up and down while working his balls. Candace wet her finger and slowly
traced it across his brown hole. That caused Jesus' cock to jerk to the left.
Candace now took the head in her mouth and covered it in warm drool as she
sucked it into her mouth. After a moment of sucking the head, Candace pushed
further down and took more of the cock in her mouth.

  "No one can ignore a Hebrew whore when she had your cock in her mouth and her
finger up your ass," said someone in the crowd.

  "Now, that could really raise the dead. Jesus isn't the only one who can
perform miracles."

  She tightened her lips around the circumference as she moved her head up and
down. It was getting longer and harder as she sucked. Finally, she moved
downward until the head was just in the opening of her throat. As she breathed
through her nose, she pushed the cock past the opening and into her esophagus.

  "Did you see that? His cock is in her throat. I can see it moving up and down
inside her gullet," said a female voice, "I didn't think such a thing was
possible."

  "They say the Romans taught the Hebrew prostitutes to do that, The Romans
learned it from the Persians, said another.

  "The Persians leaned it from Moses, the Lawgiver," said another voice.

  "How does she breathe?" asked a female.

  "Through her nose, Look, he's hard as a rock, that whore could truly get a
dead man hard," said someone.

  Candace fucked her throat with Jesus' cock for several moments then took it
from her mouth and showed the crowd that Jesus was erect and firm. There was a
loud murmur of approval. Candace examined the cock as she licked it. She saw it
was very large, maybe not the largest she had ever seen but definitely one of
the largest.

  "Maybe that's why he's called King of the Jews," said someone. Every one
laughed.

  "If the women of Judea knew how big it was, he would have had more followers,"
said another female. There was more laughter.

  "Maybe one our wives would like to join the whore and take a ride on that,"
suggested someone.

  The largest Candace had ever seen was that of the Nubian slave who lived in
the basement of the brothel. He was kept for customers who preferred men.
Candace had once watched him fuck a fat merchant in the ass. The merchant had
screamed and cried as the Nubian penetrated him over and over again. Later the
merchant had tried to buy the Nubian from the brothel owner.

  Candace recalled how it felt for the Nubian to be inside her. Once when
business was slow, the prostitutes had brought the Nubian upstairs and let him
fuck them. Several of the whores could barely walk the next day.

  Candace squatted over Jesus' cock, held it firmly in one hand and slowly
guided it into her vagina. She lowered herself until her clit touched his groin.
Candace contracted those special muscles in her female parts causing Jesus to
moan.

  "Hear that, the King of the Jews just discovered his cock was in a tight
pussy," whispered someone in the crowd.

   Jesus opened his eyes and moaned again. He looked at Candace trying to
recognize her and understand what was happening. He moaned louder and closed his
eyes.

  "He's pretending he doesn't know what's going on. I've seen him with that fat
little prostitute named Mary Magdalene, he knows what the inside of a pussy
feels like," said a man at the front of the crowd.

  "And an asshole too, the Magdalene, is known for her love of sodomy," said
another.

  Candace got her feet under her and started a pattern of rising up then
lowering herself while contracting her vagina on the descent. Jesus started
moaning in response to the pattern. Candace increased the pace as Jesus
responded. She leaned forward and lightly pinched his nipples causing him to
moan. Candace herself was becoming more aroused. She focused on her cunt as
Jesus' cock slid inside. It's length penetrated deep within her body.

  "She's good. I may find my way to Damascus Gate," said one of the Pharisees.

  Candace watched as Jesus slowly raised one arm and touched her breast. She
took his hand in her and squeezed her nipple with his fingers. Jesus was
breathing faster and faster in rhythm with Candace's pulsating motion.

  "That's what I call fucking," said someone in the crowd. Someone in the crowd
started chanting, "fuck him" over and over again. The rest of the crowd joined
in synchronizing the chant with Candace's stroke.

  Candace's body became a blur as she sensed that Jesus' climax was near.
Finally, Jesus convulsed his body and screamed "Our Father in Heaven," as his
sperm washed onto the walls of Candace's pussy. Candace unleashed her own climax
and cried out a loud grunt of pleasure that echoed off the four corner towers of
Fortress Antonia.

  The crowd applauded. Candace took a moment to recover before she stood up,
letting Jesus' softening cock fall slowly out of her cunt. His cock was wet with
cum and her juices. Candace leaned down and licked the cum off Jesus' softening
cock. She stood up, reached down between her legs and stuck her fingers in her
pussy. Her fingers emerged covered in Jesus' sperm. She held it up for the crowd
to see. There was a loud roar of approval as she licked the sperm off her
fingers

  "If he knocked her up, it would be God's grandson," said a richly dressed man
at the front of the crowd.

  Quintus walked up to Candace handing her a cup of wine. He had a smile on his
face.

  "Half the cohort owes me their next pay. No one thought you could do it, never
bet against the pussy of a Jew whore, especially if her name is Candace," said
Quintus as they walked over to join the Tribune.

  "Well done, Candace, you've earned your place at the crucifixion, you've
fucked all three of the men we are going to crucify, somehow that seems right,"
said Marcus Tellius.

  The Tribune barked orders and within seconds, the Cohort formed itself for the
march down the Via Delorossa. There were several ranks of legionnaires in front.
Jesus and the two thieves were next. Each had to carry the cross beam that would
be attached to the top of the upright. Next in the formation were the Tribune,
Candace, and Quintus. The rest of the Cohort formed the rear guard. Once the
formation emerged from the fortress crowds of Jesus' followers and enemies met
them. Most watched quietly from the sidelines as they passed. There had been
other crucifixions in Jerusalem since the arrival of the Romans. It was a
fearful and terrible thing, much worse than execution by stoning, the method
used by the Judeans.

  Jesus' disciples and family followed along behind the rear guard of the
soldiers. The Pharisees and their wives elected to stay in the fortress and not
face the crowds. Fear of the Romans kept the bystanders orderly. The people of
Jerusalem had seen what the Romans could do when they were confronted. No one
wanted to wind up with a Roman spear or short sword in his or her guts. The
procession squeezed through the crowded streets slowed by the weakened prisoners
having to carry the 80 pound cross beams.

  When they reached the place called Golgotha on Calvary Mount, Candace saw the
three large poles sticking straight up from the ground. It was a nasty wind
blown place overlooking an old rock quarry. If someone didn't claim the body of
the executed, it was thrown down in the quarry for the buzzards or the wild
dogs.

  The Romans went about the crucifixion in their usual workmanlike fashion. They
had brought ladders that allowed then to quickly connect the cross beams to the
vertical uprights. There were pre-made holes for the bolts.

  The fat thief went up first. He must have known how unpleasant death by
crucifixion was because he was crying and begging the Legionnaires to kill him
first.  The soldiers ignored him and lifted him right up onto the cross.

  "Now why would we do that," responded one of the Legionnaires, "You're being
alive when we nail you to the cross is the whole point of the crucifixion. The
crowd would feel cheated if they didn't get to hear you scream."

  Legionnaires on ladders behind the cross beam held the thief's arms out and
tied his wrists to the cross member. Once he was secure, two soldiers on a lower
ladder took his feet and secured then to a small wedge shaped pedestal that
angled out from the bottom of the upright. It gave some support but the angle
was too great to stand on.

  Candace stepped closer so she could see. The fat thief was terrified.  He kept
pleading with the soldiers to kill him with a sword before they crucified him.
Candace looked up at the man as he begged the soldiers for a more merciful
death. His arms were outstretched and he was trying to get his feet out of the
ropes around his ankles. Someone handed the soldier on the short ladder at his
feet an iron mallet and a spike. Another soldier gripped the foot to keep it
from moving. The soldier positioned the spike at the top of the foot right where
it joined the bottom of the leg and struck the head of the spike a hard blow.

  The thief screamed with everything he had in him. It took four strikes of the
mallet to drive the iron spike through the thief's anklebone.  Each blow of the
mallet was accompanied by a scream so loud you would think it beyond the
capacity of the fat little thief. Then they hammered a spike into the other
ankle. Next, a soldier climbed up on a tall ladder leaning against the cross
beam and hammered a spike through the wrist bone of the soldier. The other wrist
was similarly nailed then the ropes removed and the fat thief was left fastened
to the cross by four large spikes. He was cursing, screaming, begging the Romans
to kill him.

  Candace had reached down between her legs and began to massage her clitoris as
the spikes were hammered into the flesh and bones of the fat thief. She
remembered him plunging his cock in her ass less than an hour ago. His agonized
screams aroused her. Each strike of the steel mallet on the flattened top of the
spike recalled his fat cock plunging into her asshole.

  "I've heard there are women who become aroused when they watch a crucifixion.
In Rome at the Circus Maximus, the wives of Senators masturbate while the
gladiators fight. But you are the first Jewess I've ever seen playing with
herself while her countryman go up on the cross," said Quintus.

  The second thief was larger and tried to resist but the Romans knew what they
were doing. A non-commissioned officer cracked the thief across the head
momentarily stunning him so they could get him properly bound to the cross with
ropes. Candace sat down on a nearby large rock, pulled her skirt up and began to
slowly stroke herself as each spike was pounded through the second thief's body. 
Candace looked at the two naked bodies hanging from the cross. Their cocks were
hanging out semi-hard. If they hadn't been so far off the ground, Candace would
have liked to suck them.

  When they lifted Jesus up on the cross, Candace put her hand inside her shift
and twisted a nipple. She was only a few feet away as they readied him for the
crucifixion. He didn't resist and it went quickly.  Candace masturbated as her
eyes focused on the point of the spike as the soldier positioned it in Jesus'
ankle. When the first blow was struck and blood spurted over the soldier's hand,
she climaxed. Candace climaxed again on the second blow and kept climaxing as
each blow was struck. When all four spikes were driven through bone and into the
wood, Candace fell back onto the boulder breathing heavily.

  "Here, drink this, now I know why you wanted to be here," said Quintus handing
her a cup of wine. Candace lifted the cup to her lips and drank.

  "You're going to need that. The Tribune has decided to give you to the
legionnaires who have to stay here and guard the site until these three die.
That's half of the First Cohort. Think you can handle eighty hard Roman dicks,
ten at a time?" asked Quintus.

  "Why not? Tell them not to be gentle. Tell them I want them to fuck me to
death," said Candace?

  "You may get your wish. I've seen a woman fucked to death by fewer that half a
Cohort. Also, they're pretty worked up about you after they saw you fuck the
Nazarene. They're going to be hard and ready. I have to leave with the Tribune.
I'll drop by this week to collect what you owe me, if you're still alive," said
Quintus turning to leave.

  After Quintus and the Tribune had left with half the cohort, Candace found
herself surrounded by ten legionnaires. Someone bought several jugs of wine from
a nearby tavern and sat them on the rocks. One of the soldiers pulled Candace to
her feet and ripped her shift off. They threw their cloaks down on the ground
and pushed Candace to her knees on the pile of coarse wool.  Candace found
herself surrounded by soldiers with their cocks out. She grabbed one cock in
each hand and took another in her mouth. That lasted only a moment before she
was pushed on her back. A legionnaire crawled between her legs and pushed his
cock into her cunt.

  Candace locked her legs around his rib cage and pulled, drawing his cock deep
inside her.

  "Fuck me like you did your Jesus, you Jew slut," said the soldier as he bit
into Candace's breast.

  "Give me everything you got, Roman whore fucker, fuck me to death if you're
man enough," yelled Candace as she grabbed the soldier naked buttocks and pulled
them apart."

  It was ten quick Roman fucks followed by another ten and then another ten
after that. As soon as one released warm Roman cum in her soaking wet cunt, he
was pulled off and replaced. Candace kept wrapping her legs around each one.
Candace drank wine from a jug as she screwed each soldier. After a while, she
was drunk and lost track of what was happening.

  "Fuck me, you Roman scum, fuck me," was something she recalled screaming as
they mounted her time after time.

  "At one point, they declared her pussy and asshole too full of cum. A soldier
wrapped the blunt end of his spear in a dirty rag and inserted it in Candace's
vagina. He gave it a hard shove and Candace screamed when the end reached the
deepest point possible.

  "Listen to the bitch scream when we swab out her nasty cunt," said a
Legionnaire.

  "Go a little deeper, her screams make me hard," said another.

  The Legionnaire slammed the blunt end of the spear into Candace's cervix and
then used his fingers to rotate the spear casing the rag to swab the sperm out
of her.

  The pain was excruciating as the spear slammed into her cunt. The coarse cloth
felt like it was ripping out her insides as it spun around inside her body.
Candace screamed in pain.

  "I don't think she's enjoying herself any longer. Let's clean out her other
hole then fuck her some more."

  They turned her over on all fours and slid the rag-covered spear into her
rectum. Candace grimaced and groaned as the spear went deeper inside her bowels
than any male cock had ever been. Candace passed out for a while. When she came
to, a soldier had mounted her and the fucking started again.

  She recalled being turned over and fucked in the ass then over again for a
fuck in the cunt. She lost count of the number of cocks who penetrated her.  As
the soldiers got drunker it got rougher. Between fucks, they would force her
mouth open and pour wine down her throat.

  "She's so fucking drunk she doesn't know what's happening anymore. I know a
way to bring her around," said a Legionnaire as he climbed between her legs and
slipped his cock in her raw and bleeding pussy. He began slapping her face hard
as he fucked her. They were hard stinging slaps that violently forced her head
to one side. Candace sobbed in pain. 

  Toward the end she was slapped hard several times in the breasts and punched
in the stomach twice. Once when she was on all fours, she was kicked viciously
in the ribs. Another drunken legionnaire placed a foot on her chest, leaned down
and grabbed her breasts and attempted to rip her nipples off. He had strong hard
fingers and he trapped the nipples between his thumb and first fingers and
pulled with all his strength.

  Candace screamed then kicked out to land a foot in his groin. He shrieked in
pain and fell. Then he rolled away grabbing his crotch and cursing at Candace.

  Hours passed and the fucking went on and on. Candace drank more wine until she
passed out. She awoke when a warn liquid landed on her face. She opened her eyes
then immediately closed them. She was surrounded by drunken legionnaires pissing
on her.

  "Open your mouth and swallow, whore," yelled one.

  When she didn't respond quickly enough, someone slammed a fist into her
midsection doubling her up in pain.

  "I said open your mouth and swallow or we'll cut your tits off," said the same
voice.

  Candace heard the sound of a short sword being unsheathed so she opened her
mouth. Immediately several warm streams of piss landed on her face and mouth.
She swallowed mouthful after mouthful of warm piss until she passed out.

  Candace woke up when she felt the rain start to pelt down and a large clap of
thunder sounded. It was dark. She looked up at the three crosses but she could
see little in the gloom. Jesus and the two thieves had been dead for hours. She
remembered someone saying they were dead while she was being screwed by the
legionnaires. She tried to get up but a wave of nausea swept over her and she
vomited up a mixture of wine and piss. She held her abdomen and rolled on the
ground puking her guts out then rolling in vomit. Finally, she fell back and
passed out again.




Chapter 9   - Doing The Devil



Please take note! Adults Only Literature

The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written for
adults only.

If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing this
file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
now.

This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
is purely coincidental, etc.

Copyright 2003

                                                                ****

  Candace opened her eyes. She was lying on her back in the front pew. Her head
was resting in the naked lap of Maria Consuela. Her skirt was pushed up to her
waist and Anna Estelle's head was between her legs slowly licking her clitoris.

  "It's almost midnight, prepare yourselves for the arrival of our Master and
his legion, bring forth the devil's whore, Candace Williams, Satan has chosen
her to defile with his glorious seed," announced Father Gregory from the front
of the church.

  Candace sat up in the pew. The two novices removed her blouse and skirt. She
was now naked except for her sandals. Candace mentally embraced the eroticism of
being nude in a church in view of several hundred people. The simple fact that
all eyes were on her body and that everyone present was feeling sexual pleasure
at the sight of her body aroused her.  Her watch read 11:55. She felt like she
had been out for several hours but she knew it was only a few minutes. Candace
felt overwhelmed by the vision of the Christ's crucifixion that she had become a
part of. The sexual pleasure derived from witnessing nails being driven through
the flesh and bone of the Son of God had not left her body. She felt an
overwhelming desire to couple with every being in the church.

   "I was there at Golgotha," thought Candace, "How incredible of the Master to
take me to that very special place and allow me to witness what happened and
even participate as a whore."

  Bernice Creswell was standing beside Candace, prepared to lead her to the very
front of the altar. Bernice's hand was extended.

  "This way, Candace. We're both about to get the fuck of our lives. I hope my
incubus has a great twisted gnarled cock that rips my insides and leaves me
bleeding. The last time this happened to me I was just sixteen.  I can still
close my eyes and remember how it felt for the demon to destroy my virginity
with one quick thrust. And that was only one of Hell's lesser angels."

  Satan has chosen you to be his bride tonight and that has got to be the
ultimate fuck of human existence. None of us has ever witnessed Satan taking a
bride. It hasn't been done since the time of Lucretia Borgia. I can only imagine
what that would be like to have the Master's cock in your body, spewing Satan's
own living seed into your whore's cavity. You must tell me about it later.
Hurry, your groom will be here in a minute to impale you on his cock. They say
his seed once passed through his cock will live inside you forever. It will
empower you to become a great Angel of Hell in your own right, at least, that is
what is said," said Bernice.

  Candace stood up and took Bernice's hand. Bernice led her past the communion
rail to stand with Father Gregory directly in front of the altar. Anna Estelle
and Maria Consuela followed behind the pair to the altar rail where they stood
naked, kissing and running their hands over each other's body. The fingers of
both novices worked in and out of the other's cunt as they chanted in Latin for
the Master to come and fuck them. Bernice talked to Candace as they waited in
front of Father Gregory.

  "The vision that Satan gave me tonight was awesome. I was in a dungeon with my
ex husband, his new wife, and her two children by her first marriage. I was
their torturer. I pulled her teeth out one by one, sorry, no Novocain.  Leila
was his dental hygienist before he divorced me and married her. When I was done,
there was no need for her to floss ever. I made her eat my pussy with her bloody
gums. Then I pissed down her throat. After that, I made her straddle a sharp
wedge of steel that rested all her weight on that sweet little pussy she used to
fuck my husband in his dental chair. I put weights on her ankles that pulled her
cunt onto the wedge. While she screamed and begged like the pathetic whore she
is, I fucked Ernie in the ass with a spiked strap on cock. I shredded the walls
of my ex-husband's bowels and his blood and shit splattered on the dungeon
floor. His cowardly screams were as loud as hers. They were both babbling
lunatics when I done. Then I went to work on her two little boys while she
watched. How was your vision?" asked Bernice

  "Beyond anything I could ever imagine. The Master arranged for me to fuck
Christ and the two thieves before they were crucified," said Candace.

  "You are the chosen one. I can see that now," said Bernice

  When Candace passed the communion rail, she saw that a large pentangle had
been painted in blood on the white marble floor. There were candles burning at
each point of the pentangle.

  "The time is upon us. Lie down in the center of the pentangle and spread your
legs, whore of Satan," instructed Father Gregory.

  Candace quickly dropped to her knees and then onto her back.  Candace felt a
searing blast of hot air pass through the church.

  "Prepare yourself whore," said Father Gregory.

  Candace reached down and rubbed her clitoris and stuck two fingers in her
vagina. Candace sensed the hunger in her vagina. The walls of her pussy squeezed
her fingers when she twisted inside her slippery hole.

  "I am wet and I crave the Master's cock," replied Candace.

  In a matter of seconds, the lights in the cathedral extinguished. The huge
doors burst open and there was a loud roar as a wind blew into the church. It
was so hot Candace wondered how anyone could breathe. The congregation began to
chant.

  "Hail Lucifer."

  "Hail Satan."

  "Hail Mephistopheles."

  "I am thy servant, oh Magnificent One."

  "I await thy cock oh Angels of the damned."

  Candace was lying on her back when she heard the noise of many feet running on
the marble floors of the church. She watched as a powerful dark form snatched
Bernice off her feet and carried her upward to a high perch above the altar.
Candace tried to see what had taken Bernice. It was man like but not a man. It
looked much taller and stronger. Bernice screamed as the creature entered her
while it was holding her erect. Candace watched as Bernice her arms and legs
around the demon and in one swift motion impaled her deeper as she screamed a
curse against God. 

  "God in Heaven, watch this Catholic girl fuck an Angel from Hell. Does it make
your holy dick hard? Would you like to fuck me too? I till have two holes for
your holy cock. Join us in our debauchery if thou dares."

  Candace saw Anna Estelle grabbed and bent over the communion rail as a smaller
creature covered her. The creature brutally kicked Anna Estelle's legs wide
apart and forced a twisted and curved cock into her vagina. There was no
foreplay just a sadistic rape. Anna Estelle let out an ear-piercing scream as
his large cock slammed into her cunt.

  In the poor light, Candace caught a glimpse of a huge cock impaling Maria
Consuela. The church was filled with moans and cries of passion as demon
creatures took the women and impaled them on their cocks. Father Malcolm was on
his back and a massive cock was inserted in his ass. His own cock was inside a
succubus and his mouth was sucking the cock of another demon.

   Candace watched as some form of demon bent Connie Barker double and slid his
cock into her asshole. Candace heard Connie saying over and over again.

  "In my ass, fuck me spawn of Hell, in my ass, rip me open and dump hot cum in
my bowels."

  Candace had been so busy trying to see what was happening around her that she
failed to notice until the last minute the enormous creature that was standing
between her spread legs. It was much larger than the other creatures. It had an
enormous dog like head but the body looked more human. It was covered with stiff
black fur that was tipped red. Loops of saliva hung from its lips of a long
wolf's snout. Candace watched as a snake-like split tongue slithered out between
the lips. The creature snarled and Candace saw hideous canine teeth glimmer in
the darkness.

  In an instant, the snout was between her legs licking her clitoris. The long
tongue slithered into her vagina and probed her cunt. Its saliva burned as it
touched her flesh. Candace felt her ankles grabbed in two great taloned hands
and her butt elevated from the marble floor. Candace felt the long pointed snout
force its way past her anal ring. Satan's drool poured into her anus. He shoved
more of his snout up her ass then Candace felt the snake's tongue slither up her
bowels gliding into her intestines. She felt the tip of the tongue slice through
partially formed turds as it passed ever deeper, stirring and mixing her gastric
filth. 

  Candace sensed the tongue slowly retracting from her bowels. Satan moved his
gigantic clawed hands to the tops of Candace's shoulders and raised himself to
where he looked directly into her eyes.  The beauty of Satan's eyes overcame
Candace. Fiery red pupils tinged with yellow flames stared directly into
Candace's soul.  Love of Satan became the very essence of Candace Williams when
she looked into those eyes. That one look caused Candace to dedicate her total
being to Satan's service.

  "I will be your demon here on earth, I will avenge your fall from heaven,"
whispered Candace.

  Candace opened her mouth as Satan's tongue curled out of his mouth. Satan's
tongue held the large round turd he had molded and extracted from Candace's
bowels. Candace forced her mouth open as wide as possible as the excrement
coated organ slowly slid between her lips depositing a thick coat of shit on
whatever it touched. She felt the round turd being deposited on her tongue then
exalted in the moment that Satan's tongue twirled and mashed her own shit
throughout her mouth.

  In less than an instant, Satan reversed his body and Candace found herself
staring directly into the asshole of the devil. She raised her head and kissed
the devil's hole, licking and sucking on his hairy anus. Candace recalled how
ancient stores spoke of the "devil's kiss" that all who served the Master were
required to perform to demonstrate their subservience to the Master.

   Her lips felt his anal ring expand as Satan's turd appeared at the opening.
Even in the darkness, Candace could see the wisps of smoke that accompanied its
appearance. Candace reveled in the smell and taste of Lucifer's shit as the turd
slowly entered her mouth joining and mixing with the turd that Satan had drawn
from her bowels. Candace chewed and mixed the two shits together with her teeth
and tongue.

  In another instant, Candace saw that Satan's cock head was at her lips. She
opened her mouth and covered his piss hole as a stream of dark yellow urine
flowed into her mouth mixing with their two shits. There was a taste of sulfur
and brimstone mixed with an incredibly strong flavor of human urine. Candace's
tongue and teeth created slurry of urine and shit that she greedily gulped down.

  "Take me, Satan, make me your bride," screamed Candace spreading her legs
wider. She placed the heels of her sandaled feet against the floor and pushed
upward, desperate in her attempt to offer herself to Lucifer.

  Satan lurched forward and Candace felt a hard knob-shaped cock head shove open
her pussy. It was made like a dog's cock that came out of its sheath covered in
slime. Candace pushed her body upward to get more of Satan's cock inside her.

  "In me, fuck me, put it in me, I must have it," screamed Candace.

  Satan obliged by arching his back and pushing his cock into her. As he did, he
let out a roar that was deafening. Candace face and breasts were covered in warm
spittle. Satan's breath was like superheated air as it flowed into Candace
nostrils. His tongue slithered from his lips and Candace raised her head to suck
it between her own lips as she wrapped her arms around his monstrous body and
hugged his rough chest to her naked breasts.

  Candace felt white heat sear the walls of her vagina as Satan's cock passed
deeper into her vagina. It felt like someone had poured molten lead inside her
cunt, feeling every crevice. Once inside it spread through her body as a
terrible searing blaze. Candace screamed at the top of her lungs as every inch
of her body began to burn.  It felt as if the heat was white-hot and would
consume her.

  Candace felt the creature's breath and it was hot as the tip of a welding
torch. She inhaled Satan's breath through her nostrils; felt her lungs sear from
the heat then blew the still hot breath past her lips. The creature grabbed her
breast in its teeth and bit down driving the long jagged canines deep into the
flesh. Blood rushed out over her chest and abdomen. Then the creature bit down
on the other breast and drew blood. Candace kissed the crimson stained lips
tasting her own blood. Satan raised his head and howled again with such force
that Candace though she would be deaf.

  Candace reached her long arms around the creature and felt the bone and
cartilage of Satan's hump back. She rubbed her hands across it, feeling each
twisted ridge and curve; then clutched it as she pulled Satan further into her.
She locked her ankles behind his back and strained to take his cock deeper into
her body. Pain and pleasure combined into one. Satan moved his body to thrust
into Candace. His motion increased apace until Candace felt herself carried
onward on a giant bow wave of lust.  Satan was grunting faster and faster until
finally he reached a crescendo and released a flood of fiery hot liquid inside
Candace's vagina.

  Candace understood that a hundred million tiny demon Angels had been expelled
into her vagina just as God had expelled Satan and his host from heaven.

  Candace lay still, holding Satan in her arms, stroking his humpback, as she
felt his sperm start to course through her entire body. Her body began to twitch
then jerk then go into spasms. Satan's sperm instantly permeated through the
walls of her vagina into her blood stream. She felt them reach into the
extremities of her arms and legs. Her fingers and toes tingled with the
sensation of demoniac sperm coursing through every path of her body. Candace
could clearly feel it move through each of the four chambers of her heart and
into the tiny capillaries of her lungs. Next it surged into her skull and she
felt it swell along the cortex of her brain into the medulla oblongata. Candace
sensed every one of the millions of tiny movements as they flowed through each
vein and artery of her body.  Finally they rushed out of her brain and down
through her spine then traveled along the nerves to her extremities. Candace
knew that if she lived a thousand years she would never sense such pleasure or
power again.

  Candace screamed and blacked out.

  When Candace came too, Anna Estelle and Maria Consuela were helping her to her
feet. Their thighs were covered in blood. Bernice was nearby moaning and lying
prostate on the marble floor covered in shit, blood and urine. Her rectum was
open and some type of yellow fluid was slowing oozing out onto the marble floor.
Candace looked over to see Sister Agatha being helped to her feet by the novice.
The Reverend Mother's pussy was gaped open and there was a dark black fluid
oozing down her legs.

  Most of the participants were moaning silently, bleeding from their orifices
and covered in filth. Father Malcolm was lying still, barely breathing. His
mouth held a giant turd that pointed toward the ceiling. Candace could see that
he was attempting to chew and swallow it.

  Father Gregory came over and spoke to Candace.

  "All has been made clear to you. The Master has been waiting two thousand
years for this. Your and his time has at last arrived."




Chapter 10 - New Beginnings



Please take note! Adults Only Literature

The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written for
adults only.

If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing this
file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
now.

This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
is purely coincidental, etc.

Copyright 2003

                                                                ****

  "The Congress of the United States?" asked Dan with a look of disbelief on his
face. He and Candace were in the master bedroom of their house. It was Sunday
night and Candace was unpacking her overnight case from the Retreat. She had
just made an announcement.

  "Of course, what did you think I meant?" asked Candace.

  "I thought, maybe, you meant the state legislature."

  "No, I intend to run for the US House of Representatives for the 12th District
for the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. I intend to win by the way."

  "But Candace, you've never run for anything, don't most politicians start with
jobs like City Councilman, Mayor, or something small and then go to the state
legislature then Congress."

  "George Bush's first elective office was Governor of Texas. Working my way up
from the bottom would take forever and is quite unnecessary. Mike Harrington is
the Democratic Representative from our district. He's been in office 22 years.
He has no opposition in either the primary or the general election. I'll run as
a Democrat, beat him in the primary and run unopposed in the November election.
I've got six months to put together a winning campaign."

  "But the reason, Harrington runs unopposed is that he's so popular and well
known. He has name recognition. His father was a congressman before him."

  "I know all that. I'm going to have to work hard to beat him."

  "Why settle for Congress? Why not run for Senator?"

  "There's not a Senate race for another four years. More importantly, I'm
twenty-seven and the Senate requires you to be thirty. I don't want to wait that
long."

  "Did you all drink some bad sacramental wine at the retreat? This sounds
crazy. You've never run for anything, running for Congress takes people,
organization and money. Where are you going to get the money? We're doing all
right but it can take hundreds of thousands of dollars to win a Congressional
seat."

  "Dan, I know all that too. Raising money, getting a campaign organized, that's
my responsibility. You'll have to make some campaign appearances, appear along
Briana in television commercials showing our 'happy family', and that's about it
as far as your time is concerned. Can't you be supportive?"

  "I am supportive just being a realist. It'll be very disruptive to our home
life. Who'll take care of Briana while you're out campaigning?"

  "That's already arranged. Two of the novices from the Monastery of St. Therese
will be living with us while I'm campaigning. We have plenty of room. One of
them will be here at all times to take care of Briana and the house and even you
for that matter."

  "Great, two more nuns around the house all the time. I'll become celibate and
join the priesthood."

  "Don't worry, they'll accommodate you. They've very pretty young women, Maria
Consuela's is 19 and Anna Estelle's 18. They'll be fun. They're become uncertain
of their vocation and Sister Agatha thought it would be a good idea if they
experienced family life before making a commitment to forsake it for all time."

  "Frankly, having two attractive young women will make my sex life, rather lack
of sex life, more difficult. While I like the way you've been dressing lately,
it makes it even more difficult to live with the level of intimacy we maintain."

  "You're right and I come to a new way of thinking about the way I've been
handling the intimate side of our marriage. There was a very informative
workshop whose topic was "Sex in Today's Catholic Marriage.  I realize I've been
neglecting your needs. I've changed my attitude about sexual intimacy."

  "Whoa, maybe I better sit down, you're going to run for Congress and allow me
to have sex with you more than once a month. Somebody pinch me I must be
dreaming. That must have been some retreat."

  "It was. Thanks to some extraordinary counseling by Father Gregory I come to
see that I've been wrong about many things, including sex. I decided to make
some changes that I think will make you very happy. Things I learned there I
intend to put into practice immediately. I was looking forward to having
intercourse every minute of the drive home," said Candace as she stood up,
walked over to Dan, pushed him backward into a chair and straddled his lap. She
was wearing a mid thigh white cotton skirt and a red top. As she sat down,
Candace pulled the top off over her head and threw it on a nearby chair. She was
braless.

  "Are you sure extra-terrestrials didn't kidnap the real Candace and substitute
an alien?" aid Dan totally unaccustomed to his wife barring her breasts to him
and acting in a sexually aggressive manner.

  "That's exactly what happened. Now this alien life form wants her nipples
sucked. Are you up for that, earth man?"

  "Briana could walk in any minute."

  "So, what we're doing is perfectly natural. I don't think there's anything
wrong with her watching."

  "But she's only five," protested Dan.

  "Well, if we lock the door, it'll make her think we're doing something wrong,
you want to suck them, don't you Dan, don't you think they're pretty, look
they're nice and hard, put your mouth on them," said Candace as she reached down
and stroked Dan's penis through his trousers.

  "Sure, all right, if you say its' all right, you're the Mother that's read
every child rearing book in the library." Dan didn't really think it was all
right but the fact that Candace was pushing her lovely breasts into his face
inclined him to agree with anything.

  Candace leaned her body toward Dan and he took one of her nipples in his mouth
and kissed it. Candace moaned then pulled Dan's head up and gave him a long deep
tongue kiss.

  "Whew, you learn that in the workshop?"

  "No, I learned it on my home planet of Zed-316. You guessed right. I'm an
alien. Here, let me show you something else that the girls of Zed-316 excel at,"
said Candace as she moved to where she as kneeling between Dan's legs. She
unbuckled his belt, unzipped his pants and pulled his hardening cock out of the
opening of his boxer shorts.

  "What are you doing?"

  "Something you've asked the earthling Candace to do before and she refused.
The Zed-316 Candace is going to give you an interplanetary blowjob that will
make you feel you're blasting into orbit. All of the feminine gender on my
planet love to suck cock and yours is so big and hard; I can't wait to wrap my
tongue around it. "

  "Really, this is really happening."

  "Just close your eyes, lay back and relax, enjoy it, think about the decision
you're going to have to make in a minute," said Candace as she began to lick
around the head of Dan's peter.

  "What decision? God that's good," moaned Dan.

  "Whether to finish in my mouth or my pussy? Or we could even do anal. By the
way, henceforth my backdoor is always open to you. Anytime you want to push my
shit, just let me know."

  "You mean actually cum in your mouth?" asked Dan watching Candace as she
sucked his cock. Her tongue was making long swirling licks that seemed to wrap
all the way around his cock. Then she stroked him with her hand as she took his
balls in her mouth and gently sucked each one.

  "I'm going to love sucking your nuts. I'll swallow every drop if you ejaculate
in my mouth. Is that a drop of pre-cum. Yes, oh, that's good. You sperm taste so
good. Times up and since you didn't decide. I will. You're going to have to let
me swallow it. Now throw your legs over the chair arms," said Candace as she
pulled Dan's trousers off.

"Why," asked Dan?

  "So I can play with your asshole, silly, Zed-316 is known as the anal planet.
You want me to tickle that cute little brown hole of yours, don't you?" giggled
Candace.

  Dan moved his legs until they hung off the chair arms. As soon as he did, he
felt a wet finger slowly probing his asshole. He remembered he had spent a long
hot day working in the yard; he wasn't all that clean.

  "Maybe I should take a shower before you do that?"

  "Why, I like the taste of your shit," said Candace as she looked up into Dan's
eyes, pulled her brown stained finger out of his asshole and licked it clean.
Candace returned to sucking his cock as she worked her finger into his rectum.
She began to take all of it into her mouth.

  Dan leaned back in the chair and closed his eyes. "She just licked my shit off
her fingers. This is definitely an alien from the planet Zed-316 she just
mentioned. The Candace Williams I married would die before her mouth came
anywhere near my shitty asshole. God can she suck cock? Where did she learn to
do that? It couldn't have been on the retreat."

  Candace's mouth on his cock was relaxing him physically to where he felt like
he was going to melt. But mentally, he was totally perplexed. He wasn't sure
what had happened to his wife. He found it disconcerting in every way. But for
the moment, he was just going to relax and close his eyes and let matters
proceed.

  "Momma, what are you and daddy doing?" interrupted Briana.

  Dan jumped as he realized Briana had come into the room and was standing a
foot away. He had been too distracted to notice her arrival. "I knew this was
too good to last," thought Dan. Dan was so embarrassed he closed his eyes,
refusing to look at his daughter.

  "I'm giving Daddy a blowjob," said Candace calmly taking Dan's cock out of her
mouth but continuing to stroke it.

  "Last week, Candace would have found the idea of Briana watching us having sex
completely unacceptable. Unacceptable is putting it mildly. Horrifying would be
more accurate. Now, She perfectly happy to let her watch me getting a blowjob,"
thought Dan.

  "You're putting his thing in your mouth?" asked Briana

  "Momma sure is, it's called a penis, Briana. Daddy has a very pretty one and
its get nice and hard when Momma puts it in her mouth."

  "How does it taste?" asked Briana

  "It taste wonderful."

   "Can I taste it?" asked Briana

  "No, sweetie, this is just for Momma to do with Daddy."

  "Can I watch?" asked Briana

  "If you can sit quietly on the bed and not make a sound."

  Dan heard Briana climb up on the bed and sit down. Candace returned to sucking
his cock. He relaxed once again as Candace's lips formed a tight band around his
dick and proceeded downward from the head to the very base and then pushed
further to force his cock head into her throat opening. Another determined shove
and his cock slipped into Candace's throat. Dan listened to her breath rushing
in and out her nose as Candace worked on the top, bottom, and sides of his prick
with her esophagus.

  "I love to feel your cock in my throat," said Candace pulling her mouth off
his cock.

  "It's great. Where did you learn to do that?"

  "PS 116 on Zed-316. They teach it to the girls in grammar school."

  Finally, he couldn't hold back any longer. He grabbed the back of Candace's
head and forced himself inside her gullet as far as it would go and exploded. He
ejaculated several large spurts of semen. Candace swallowed every drop then
carefully licked his cock clean.

  "That was delicious," said Candace.

  When Dan opened his eyes, he realized that Briana had moved off the bed and
was standing right by her mother when he climaxed.

  "Is Daddy okay?" asked Briana sounding slightly worried.

  "I hope he's just fine, how you doing, Daddy?"

  "Terrific, that was unbelievable," said Dan. Dan stood up and hurried off to
the bathroom to wash up.

  When Dan returned, he went into the kitchen to find Candace and Briana fixing
dinner. Candace was still topless. She hadn't put her shirt back on after she
gave him a blowjob.

  "They have a topless cooking workshop at the retreat?" asked Dan.

  "No, I forgot to put my top back off after I sucked your cock. But I think all
of us need to be less uptight about our bodies. In the future, I don't plan to
walk around in my own home covered up all the time like I'm ashamed of my body."

  "Sounds great but I wonder what your two novices will think."

  "They can learn not to feel ashamed of themselves also. You'll enjoy that.
They both have terrific figures, especially Maria Consuela. She's from
Guatemala. She has beautiful almond shaped eyes and skin like milk chocolate.
Her breasts are small and the nipples are dark almost black. Anna Estelle is
just the opposite. She's very fair with red hair and green eyes. Anna Estelle's
breasts are as large as mine and she has the tinniest little pink nipples.
They're quite the contrast and it's very erotic to see them together naked."

  "And how do you know about their bodies? Last time I saw a Carmelite novice,
they were covered from head to toe."

   "We showered together this morning."

  "I thought you had your own room and a private bath at St. Therese."  Dan was
having trouble coming to grips with the idea of Candace willing to shower with
other women. Candace always showered at home after going to the health club near
their home. Having her own private bath was not an option as far as Candace was
concerned, it was a requirement.

  "I did. But they slept in my room."

   "Together, the three of you in the same bed,"

  "Yes, after Mass last night, we all tumbled into bed together and slept till
noon. That's why I'm late getting back."

   Later toward bedtime, Dan lay in bed while Candace brushed her teeth in the
bathroom. He thought about the changes in his wife. "I don't know what amazes me
more. She gave me the most incredible blowjob or she did it while Briana
watched. It was the first time, she's ever done that; yet, she performed like
Penny Eagleton, the girl in my high school who used to suck off the foot ball
team if we won. No, she was a lot better than Penny Eagleton. How can Candace be
so good at oral sex if she's never done it before? Could she have been sucking
other guys off all these years? No, that's got to be wrong."

  "Still, it's a hell of a departure. The last time I suggested oral sex, she
didn't speak to me for two weeks. The part where she didn't mind Briana watching
was truly bizarre. I'm not sure I'm comfortable with my five year old watching
me screw her mother."

  "Candace is planning to run for Congress and has arranged for two novices to
live with us to help with the house. She seems very serious and determined about
the election. I think it's absurd. She hasn't a chance.  I'll be supportive. I
owe her that."

  "Next, she informs me that we are all going to walk around naked even with two
novices living with us. And, she admits to sleeping with the two young women
last night. Was it conceivable they had lesbian sex with one another? Candace
always spoke of lesbian sex as the worst possible offence against God."

  "But all in all I'd have to say that the part about running for Congress is
the most outlandish. Candace is smart as they come. Let's face it. She's a
genius. But she's shy and she's never spoken before an audience. She knows
nothing about politics. I just hope she doesn't make a fool of herself and get
hurt. As for the rest of it, I've been praying every day for the last six years
that my sex life would take a turn for the better. Thank you Jesus for answering
my prayers."

  Candace came out of the bathroom wearing a short silk robe which she removed
as she came to the side of the bed. She was naked underneath the robe. Candace
turned out the light as she lay down beside Dan. She reached down and took his
balls in her hand and gently fondled them.

  "I have a number of thing I need to say about our sex life," said Candace.

  "You were great this afternoon. You made me very happy. Sex was the one
problem in an otherwise perfect marriage. You know how much I love you. I'm just
hoping that you enjoyed it as much as I did," replied Dan as he put his hand on
Candace's breast and rubbed a finger across her nipple.

  "I enjoyed the hell out of it. What an idiot I was. All this time I could have
been sucking your cock and swallowing your wonderful sperm. I was a very foolish
wife. I just want to apologize for the past six years where I acted like a
goody- two-shoes that made a point of providing infrequent and bad sex. I'm
going to make it up to you starting tonight. And don't take to mean that I just
going to do it more often. I plan to be creative and respond to all those
wonderful little fantasies that dance around in your head. I'm going to work
hard to give you the best sex life of any man in America," said Candace as she
leaned over and sucked on Dan's nipple.

  "Now, what do you know about my fantasies," asked Dan as he responded by
sucking on Candace's nipple.

  "For starters, I've read where all boys fantasize about fucking their mother,"
said Candace.

  "I guess that's true."

  " I've seen pictures of your Mom when she was in her thirties. She was very
pretty. Danielle had you when she was twenty-three and in grad school. So when
she was thirty seven, you were a horny fourteen year old."

  "I used to jerk off a dozen times a day, shit, that must be an exaggeration
but it seemed like it was that often. And yes, Mom was a looker. All my friends
used to tell me what a hot looking mom I had."

  "Did you ever see her naked?"

  "A couple of times and of course I had some pictures Dad made of her on their
honeymoon that I found hidden and forgotten in the attic."

  "You never told me about any pictures."

  "The old Candace would have called me a pervert."

  "You're right, sorry. Tell me about the pictures."

  "They went to Jamaica and rented a bungalow with a private pool for two weeks.
He made about fifty pictures of her lying around the pool sunbathing in the
nude. There was also a number of Dad. My old man was pretty well hung."

  "Something he passed onto his son," said Candace taking Dan's cock in her hand
and stroking it. I'll have to thank him next time I see him. So you looked at
your Mom's nude pictures and jerked off."

  "Sure did, got jism on a couple of them, had to clean it off."

  "Did you ever take a pair of her dirty panties out of the hamper and smell
them while you masturbated?"

  "Did that too, almost got caught once. I was on my bed, her pants on my face,
the crotch covering my nostrils and pounding my meat when she started to open my
door. Fortunately, she was carrying a laundry basket of clean clothes that
slowed her down. I was able to cover up and throw her panties under the bed."

  "Did you ever see them fuck?"

  "This conversation is giving me a hard on," said Dan realizing his pecker was
standing straight up.

  "Good, so what did you see?"

  "Actually heard is more accurate."

  "One of their bedroom windows opened on the deck. In the summer when it was
mild and they didn't have the air conditioning on, I used to sneak out the
backdoor and hide right under their window. I'd listen and jerk off. Mom was
pretty verbal and loud. Dad just grunted."

  "How was Danielle verbal?"

  "You know how Mom was very straight, never spoke a profanity?"

  "Yes."

  "Well, when Dad had his meat in her hole, she loved to speak filth, real
raunchy street whore stuff. It used to get Dad and me so hot, we'd cum like Old
Faithful."

  "So are you up for a little sexual role play tonight. I said I wanted to make
your sex life interesting."

  "What do you want to do?"

  "Here in the dark, you can think of me as your Mom. I feel like talking real
dirty. I hope you don't mind. Most men are aroused when their Mother talks like
a street whore. Here, put these on your face," said Candace reaching over to
hand Dan a pair of panties.

  "They smell great, very ripe," said Dan.

  "I wore them on the long drive home this afternoon. I played with myself and
got them very wet in the crotch. Feel how stiff the crotch is with my dried
juice. If you like, you can pretend that I'm your Mother and we're fucking. You
can put the crotch in your mouth and suck on it as you Mother fucks you." 

  "Oh God, that does sound hot. It certainly would be different and yes, Mom,
talk as dirty as you want, it'll turn me on," said Dan starting to get more
excited as he recalled how much he wanted to see his Mom on her back, legs
spread, taking his teen age cock in her pussy.

  "Does that feel good, Danny, do you like Momma rubbing her hot, wet pussy all
over your prick? You make Mom so fucking hot my cunt feels like it's going to
melt, Danielle wants to keep rubbing herself on her baby boy's hard dick?" said
Candace as she rubbed her clitoris back and forth across his cock.

  "Yes, oh God yes, Momma, just don't tell Daddy I fucked you."

  "Don't worry, if Daddy does find out, he won't mind. He'll want to watch you
and I do it or he may want to join us. You know Daddy might even want to
cornhole you while you fuck me. Daddy likes to cornhole little boys."

  "Oh Momma, you're making me so fucking hot, rubbing your pussy over my cock."

  "I think Momma can tell you like it. Let's just take your big dick out and
see." Candace untied his pajama bottoms and pulled them down and off. Dan was
now as naked as Candace. Candace put her hand around Dan's semi-hard cock and
began stroking it. Candace bent her head down and took it in her mouth and
sucked it till it was rock hard.

  "You don't mind Momma giving you two blowjobs in the same day, do you?"

  "Momma can suck me ten times a day and I won't complain."

  "I just can't get enough of having your cock in my mouth. Your pre-cum is so
sweet. I love the taste."

   "You suck cock so well, Momma. You're a natural."

  "A natural horny slut Mother who's going to reward you for sticking by me for
all those years when I was making myself unavailable. If I'm not here and you're
horny, you can stick this in the novices. They'll love it. They're both whore
wantabes who can't wait to get a prick inside their cunts. You can fuck them
anytime you want to. You don't have to be nice about it. Just tell the young
whores to bend over and grab their ankles while you shove it in whatever hole
you choose. Sometimes the four of us will do a group grope, I want you to watch
me eat pussy and suck ass, would you like that?"

  "Yes, I'd love it, Momma. You're such a whore. I bet Daddy loves to fuck you."

  "You Daddy and I screw all the time. I'm looking forward to seeing you fuck
Anna Estelle and Maria Consuela. You can get hard watching Momma muff dive and
the three of us fuck like horny dykes. I bought a strap on to fuck them with.
You can use it on us if you want. Do you want to shove a strap on in Momma's
pussy and see how far it goes?"

  "Yea, Momma."

  As soon as his cock was hard, Candace straddled Dan and easily slipped it
inside her pussy then lowered her body until Dan had fully penetrated her.

  "Oh, God damn, that went in nice," said Dan recalling how Candace used to be
dry and he had to use a lubricant. But this time, she was already wet and he
felt his peter slide inside her tight warm cunt.  Dan was sucking and chewing on
the crusted crotch of Candace's panty.

  "I've really been looking forward to getting your cock inside Momma's hot
twat. I hope you don't mind but I want your prick deep in my pussy hole
tonight," said Candace. She contracted her vaginal walls and gripped Dan's cock.

  "Oh that feels good, Momma, wow, where did you learn to do that?"

  "Momma did a little hooking before she married your dad. It's something we
prostitutes do with our Johns. It's called a 'nutcracker" on the street. How
does this feel? Just imagine Momma's a crack whore desperate enough to do
anything for enough cash to buy a speed ball," asked Candace as she clamped down
on Dan's cock and rode it up and down.

  "You're going to make me cum."

  "Good, I'll get you hard again and you can fuck me in the ass. Momma wants
your hard dick in her shit hole. You up for taking a stroll down the Hershey
Highway?"

  "Such language for a girl who attended parochial schools."

  "Does my talking dirty turn you on?"

  "Yes, it makes me hot, you're unbelievable," said Dan recalling the many times
Candace had walked out of movies because the actors were using profanities.

  "You're making me hot, too. Hot enough to want to be gang banged by a bunch of
sadistic bikers. Would you like to watch a dozen, dirty tattooed outlaw
motorcyclists fuck your Mother in all three of her holes? They'd slap me around
and make me drink their piss and eat one of their turds. After cum is oozing out
of all my filthy holes you climb on and add your spunk to all the other loads."

  "Oh fuck yea, I've always fantasized about you screwing a whole bunch of guys.
I push my cock in your pussy and it's overflowing with jism."

  "You're a nasty boy, wanting to see your own Momma get gang banged and eat her
cream pie. How about a three way? Would a three way turn you on? How about
another woman to sit on your face while I ride your cock? You could have a nice
wet snatch dripping pussy juice in your mouth while I ride your pony."

  "That would be so fucking hot. I'd love it."

  "We could do lots of different things. I know someone who's interested who
goes to St. Marks. She told me she wanted your cock and would let you do
anything to her you wanted."

  "Really, who?"

  "Bernice Creswell"

  "The one who goes to St. Marks? I did her husband's taxes before I went to
work at Raytheon."

  "He's her ex husband now. Bernice told me at lunch that she wants your big
prick and she'll take it anyway she can get it, her mouth, cunt or ass, you can
name it. She's yours for the asking. Do you want her?"

  "If it's okay with you, yes I do."

  "I'll set it up with Bernice. She knows a lot of people in the BDSM lifestyle.
You might want to try that."

  "Yea, whipping some cunt until she bleeds, I'd like that."

  "I'll see that you get to do just that. Momma's boy has a nasty streak. I like
that. Consider it done, now I want you to fill my cunt with your spunk."

  Dan laid there while Candace fucked him to a climax. Dan realized what
incredible control she possessed when she had her orgasm one instant after he
had his.

  After her cunt had milked the last drop of sperm out of his dick, Candace lay
down beside him and started using her hand to get him hard again. Something that
Dan wasn't sure was possible but in a short amount of time, he was hard again
and she was sucking his cock.

  "You promised me an ass fuck, you want to suck on Momma's shit hole first?"
said Candace.

  "Yes, I've always wanted us eat your asshole."

  "Good, I feel like having my shitter tongue fucked."

  Candace got on all fours and spread her ass cheeks. As Dan started licking her
brown hole, he realized he was eagerly doing something that not only had he
never done before but that he had previously considered beyond his own personal
limits. Analingus had been off his scope but now he wanted it. It was all too
crazy but he didn't possess the will to resist.

  Had Candace meant it when she offered him Bernice Creswell and in a three way
with herself? Or was it just dirty talk? While Bernice was not in Candace's
class when it came to looks, she was sexy with large breasts that Dan had
fantasized getting his hands and mouth on. Now, according to Candace it was all
set up. He was going to fuck Bernice Creswell and in the ass too. And Candace
would join in. Bernice would introduce him to the BDSM lifestyle. He had always
wanted to do that. All Dan's wishes and desires were coming true at once. It was
too much to process.

  But there was one thought that Dan was able to process. Dan knew that he was
no longer in control. He would do whatever Candace wanted. At some point,
Candace had shifted the power equation and assumed control over him. He would do
her bidding.

  Dan leaned toward and probed his tongue into Candace's asshole. It opened
slightly at his touch and he pushed his tongue into Candace's rectum.

  "Oh that's good, I didn't think I could put my tongue up your asshole but I
did and its' wonderful," said Dan as he licked and sucked Candace's hole. It had
opened slightly so he could get his tongue further inside.

  "That's right, Danny, tongue fuck your Mother's shitter and I'll do yours,"
whispered Candace as they changed into a sixty-nine position.  Dan immediately
felt Candace's tongue worn its way into his rectum.

  After mutual ass sucking, they changed positions with Candace on all fours.
Dan shoved his cock into Candace's asshole and felt her anal ring grasp the
sides of his cock and give a powerful squeeze.

  "That's it, shit eater, ram it up Momma's dirty hole and keep on ramming."

  Dan thrust in and out as hard as he could. Somewhere during that afternoon and
night of sex, he came to understand that there was no need to be gentle. He
could be brutal. He could twist and bite. He could angle his cock into the walls
of Candace's vagina trying to hurt her and she would love it. Even scarier was
that he sensed she was physically much stronger than him.

  Candace was 5'10" and 120 pounds. Dan was 6'2" and 210 pounds but several
times during that night she had easily moved him around like he was almost
weightless. I think she could throw me through that wall if she wanted to. Hell
maybe she is from Zed-316.

  Since it was his third fuck in a few hours, it took a good many hard strokes
before Dan ejaculated in Candace's asshole and collapsed on the bed. He went to
sleep almost instantly. Right before he dozed off, he thought to himself that
this was the first time in six years of marriage; he was going to sleep
completely satisfied.




Chapter 11 - Recruiting Support



Please take note! Adults Only Literature

The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written for
adults only.

If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing this
file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
now.

This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
is purely coincidental, etc.

Copyright 2003

                                                                ****



  "You're not here to try out as a dancer? Why not? From what I can see, honey,
you got the body for it, take your clothes off and let's see the goods, " said
Brady Summers, owner of a chain of six gentlemen clubs located in the greater
Boston area. Gentlemen club was a polite term for a nude strip joint. Brady was
also president of the New England Pagans, the most violent and criminal
motorcycle club in the region.

  Brady had a reputation as a ruthless businessman and gang leader who didn't
hesitate to mix his two vocations. Pagans worked as bouncers and security in his
clubs. If a dancer or her boyfriend got out of line, there were always Pagans
around who didn't mind beating the living shit out of anyone that Brady had a
problem with.

  Candace had only gotten by the club's bouncer because he assumed that the
attractive well-dressed female was applying for a job as one of the performers.
She had looked a little too classy for the gentlemen's club circuit but still
why else would a beautiful woman want to see Brady Summers.

  Candace was seated in Brady's office area at the back of the Cabaret Lounge, a
nude dance club north of Boston.

  "No, I'm not a dancer. As I said, my name is Mrs. Candace Williams. I've
entered the race to represent this district in the US Congress. I'm asking for
your support in the upcoming election." Candace was dressed in the power suit
she had chosen to wear throughout the election. It was to be her signature
apparel that she would wear constantly throughout the campaign. There were four
identical versions of the suit hanging in her closet. It was a navy pinstripe
with a white silk blouse. Candace had several different lengths of the skirt.
She had chosen the shortest skirt when deciding what to wear to the club. Brady
hadn't bothered to hide his attempt to look up her skirt when she had first sat
down.

  "You've got dancer's legs, hike your skirt up, lady and show me your pins,"
said Brady sensing that he felt a little anxious about the woman sitting across
his desk. Brady wasn't a man normally given to worrying about anything but he
felt his level of anxiety slowly building the minute Candace Williams sat down.

  "Honey, I'd listen to Brady. You got a much better chance of making it as a
dancer. Women who look like you can make a lot more money showing your bush to
Brady's customers than running for office, " said Rhonda Powers.

   Rhonda was seated nearby and was known to be both the brains and surprisingly
the serious muscle of the local Pagan club. Rhonda was Brady's business partner
and the President in her own right of a lesbian biker gang, the Amazons. The
Amazons were affiliated with the Pagans and its members were considered equally
if not more violent.

  Candace found herself attracted to the tall, well-built Amazon President.
Besides Rhonda and Brady there were eight other men in the large office. They
were all dressed in the expected Pagan look, motorcycle boots, greasy blue jeans
and leather vests over Harley Davidson tee shirts. Four of the Pagans were
playing nine ball on a nearby pool table. The other four were watching the Red
Sox game on television at the small bar located against the far wall. They
weren't paying much attention to Candace's conversation with Brady and Rhonda.
They had given her the once over when she walked in. They knew that if she
wanted to dance nude, she would have to strip for Brady and they would get a
good look at her body. And if she really needed the job, they would get to gang
bang her. Making prospective dancers pull a train was a perk of working for
Brady.

   They'd exchanged looks when Candace arrived. Several of them had grabbed
their crotch signaling their expectations. They figured inside of thirty
minutes, the blonde would be down on the floor with her legs spread wide. Each
of them would be taking a turn with her.  They were relaxed about it. Things
usually went your way when you were a Pagan. There was no need to get worked up
about what was going to happen regardless.

  The club proper was in the front of the building and you could faintly hear
the music being piped in from a speaker mounted next to the ceiling. It was
early, not quite noon and the place nearly empty. A bored stripper was
exhibiting the opening and closing her asshole to the amusement of three
customers seated near the stage.

  "You could clear two maybe three thousand a week. Of course, if you do extra
work, you get more money," said Brady.

  "By extra work, you mean prostitution," said Candace.

  "We refer to it as being an escort, we could put you with some of our classier
customers, most of the time they just want a blowjob, I bet you'd be good at
sucking cock, maybe you'd like to show me and the guys your oral talents," said
Rhonda thinking that Candace with her wholesome good looks would appeal to
certain customers put off by what they normally found in a strip club. It
wouldn't be the first time, that a suburban wife faced with a husband out of
work and bills she couldn't pay had wondered into one of the clubs ready to do
whatever it took to make the mortgage.

  "Look if you got financial problems, I'm offering you a way to solve them. I
assume you already know how to suck cock. Some of the other dancers can teach
you how to use the brass pole and lap dance. I'm talking some real money here,"
said Brady.

  "As attractive as that sounds, I'm here for another reason. I'm asking for
your support in my campaign. I need immediate help in getting 10,000 registered
voters to sign my application to the election committee. That's a priority by
the way. The deadline is in five weeks. I need campaign finance money, lots of
it. Let's say $10,000 a week to get started, going up to $20,000 when I start my
television campaign. And I'll need Amazons and the Pagans to handle certain
special jobs and provide my day-to-day security. I'll get into that later as I
get my campaign organized."

  "Lady, are you for real? Ten grand a week, then twenty, I run a nightclub
here. I'm not into politics. I happen to know Mike Harrington and there's not a
snowball's chance in hell that you're going to beat him," said Brady.

  "I'm going to win and you're going to provide everything I ask for. After
that, you'll have a friend in the US Congress.  Anyone involved in drugs and
prostitution needs friends among elected officials. The Pagans income in drugs
and prostitution far exceeds $20,000 a week. Think of it as an investment."

  "Look, I like your nerve coming here. You're showing a lot of balls. What are
you anyway, somebody's secretary?"

  "I am a housewife, married one child. I went to law school and passed the bar
but I never practiced. I'm squeaky clean, all part of my wholesome image,"
responded Candace.

  "I'll give you a grand toward your campaign," said Brady starting to write a
check.

  "If you're not writing that for $10,000, you going to have to write another,"
said Candace.

  "Enough already, I have listened to enough of this bullshit. I beginning to
think this is another one of those stunts like that stupid sorority cunt tried
to play last month. Let's give her the same treatment," said Rhonda getting up
from her chair and advancing toward Candace.

  Candace remained seated and didn't move. Brady thought that was odd. Rhonda
Powers scared most people, especially women shitless. Rhonda was the
quintessential lesbian; the kind that made women shudder and men worry. For
reasons he couldn't fathom, Brady didn't want Rhonda to get nasty.

  "Hold it, back off, Rhonda, and stay cool. I'll handle this. I don't need any
more trouble with the law," said Brady standing up in an attempt to control
Rhonda.

  "There wasn't any trouble with the law last time. The little sorority slut
kept her mouth shut," said Rhonda.

   "Listen, Rhonda, you need to understand something. I'm running for Congress.
You're going to help with manpower and money. And I'm not some college girl to
be intimidated by a muscle bound diesel dyke," said Candace in a calm voice.

  "You don't know what Rhonda and the boys did to her. It wasn't pretty." Brady
was astounded that Candace seemed so unfazed by Rhonda and was talking to her
that way. Brady and Rhonda had been in business for nearly ten years. He'd seen
what happened when Rhonda lost her temper.

  "You tell me what you did to the girl and I'll tell you whether I'm worried,"
said Candace.

  "Honey, the last person that called me a dyke spent six months in rehab.
Brady, show her the videotape. We filmed it so we could show cunts like you what
happens when someone thinks they can fuck around with us. It's an object lesson
on video. After you watch it, we'll see how fast you run out the door."

  "Candace, or Mrs. Williams, you're out of your league here. I don't want to
see someone as pretty as you messed up. Just go back to your nice home in the
burbs and forget it," said Brady surprising himself by his unwillingness to get
physical. There was something about Candace Williams that worried him. Normally,
he would have thrown her out on her ass after letting Rhonda and the boys have
some fun with her.

   Hell, she was attractive enough that he wouldn't have minded getting a piece
himself especially if she was a little bloody and blubbering for them to leave
her alone. Brady preferred it when the girl's lips were bleeding and she was
begging the Pagans not to hurt her anymore. The best part came when the female
said it was all right for them to fuck her just don't cause her any more pain.
Brady loved that kind of submission when a female learned that avoiding pain was
a higher priority than letting a dozen Pagans invade her body with their cocks.

  "Go ahead and fuck me, just don't hit me anymore," were some of Brady's
favorite words.

  That was the best part of being a Pagan.  Seeing the fear and disgust in their
eyes as you forced your cock into a vacant hole was what it was all about. Brady
thought the biggest turn on in the world was to take a woman down a few pegs,
especially one like Candace Williams, someone who appeared confident and
self-assured.

  Many women like Candace had left Brady's office with their self-esteem
dramatically lowered. But somehow, this Williams slut was different and Brady
wasn't feeling his usual confident self about how matters would play out.   

   She scares me, why the fuck should I be scared? I'm the President of the New
England Pagans and one bad ass motherfucker. She's only a fucking cunt housewife
thought Brady. Still, there's something there I can't put my finger on.

  "Brady, show me the videotape, we need to get on with this. I have another
appointment," said Candace.

  "I don't think that's necessary. Last month, one of the sororities at UMASS
decided to dress up some of their pledges as Girl Scouts and send them around to
sell cookies in bars and dives. It was an initiation thing. One of them came
here to the office. She got a little snotty when we didn't think it was all that
funny. It was like we were low life shits and she was a princess. I think she
was a little coked up. You know how these sorority girls love nose candy.
Anyway, she called Rhonda certain names that Rhonda didn't like so we decided to
teach her a lesson. Rhonda was pissed. The boys and I were a little drunk.  It
kind of got out of hand. You don't need to see all that. Why don't you just
leave before things get out of control?"

  "So far, I'm not concerned in the least, show me what you did to her. I might
find it a turn on."

  "God damn, Brady, what's gotten into you? She wants to party. Show her the
fucking tape. After that if she doesn't get her ass out of here, I going to give
her exactly what I did to that little sorority cunt," yelled Rhonda, her
exasperation growing.

  "All right, all right, don't say I didn't warn you," said Brady taking a
videocassette out of his desk and sliding it into a VCR/television unit behind
his desk.

  "I keep this video setup here to view demo tapes sent by dancers applying for
work," said Brady wondering why he was explaining this to Candace. He sensed
that Candace was somehow able to control him. Brady fought against an urge to
write her a check for $10,000 and send her on her way.

   If Rhonda hadn't been there, I'd have written the check and sent her on her
way thought Brady waiting for the video to start. But that's crazy. Why would I
give her that much money?

  After several flickers, the video started. From the background, Candace could
tell the video was shot in the office where she was seated. Candace had noticed
a camcorder mounted on a tripod when she walked into the office.

  The first scene was of a very pretty blonde coed facing directly toward the
camera. She was wearing a dress that approximated a girl scout uniform. It was
the right color and it even buttoned down the front like the traditional Girl
Scout uniform. It was kind of short, hitting her about mid thigh. There was a
sash from her shoulder to her waist covered with what appeared to be merit
badges. She was wearing brown oxford tie shoes. A dark green beret with the Girl
Scout crest was bobby pinned to her blonde head. Her arms were being held
straight out by two of the Pagans. There was a bruise on her cheek. She looked
scared out of her mind.

  "State your name and who sent you and why," said an off camera voice that
Candace recognized as Brady's.

  "Stacy Hoyt, I was sent by the Phi Mu Sorority, Kappa Delta Chapter, as part
of my pledge initiation. I was supposed to take an order for cookies. Please, I
didn't mean anything. I'm sorry. I'm sorry, Miss Powers that I called you those
names. That was wrong of me. I didn't mean any disrespect. Please don't hurt
me."

  "Too late for apologies. Troy, Roger, get Stacy ready to party," said the same
off camera voice.

  Candace watched as a Pagan stepped up to the girl and ripped the front of her
dress open.  Buttons came flying toward the camera. Stacy started pleading for
them to stop. After the dress was off, they ripped off her bra and panties. The
Pagan that unhooked her bra from the back reached around and squeezed her
breasts hard, holding them out for the others. Two other Pagans leaned in and
grabbed a nipple in their teeth and pulled it straight out. You could see from
the way their jaws were set that they were biting down hard. Stacy let out a cry
of pain. When the Pagans let her nipples go, Stacy grabbed her breasts and tried
to rub away the pain of the bite marks.

  "I love to chew titty," said one of the Pagans who had bitten Stacy's breasts.

  "Nice tits, good slender figure, gorgeous blonde hair, and a sweet little
butterfly tattoo above her shaved vagina. It would have been fun to be there,"
thought Candace feeling a definite itch between her legs.

  Once again, the two Pagans held Stacy toward the camera. Stacy was naked
except for the beret and the tie shoes. She was crying. There were bloody teeth
marks on both breasts. Candace suspected Stacy was going to regret pledging Phi
Mu.

  "Please don't hurt me, I didn't mean to be disrespectful," whined Stacy.

  "Sure honey, we won't hurt you. Now let me demonstrate how an Amazon reacts
where a snot nose college girl calls her a diesel dyke," said a voice off camera
that Candace recognized as Rhonda Powers.

  Candace watched as the girl's arms were let go and the camera drew back.
Rhonda appeared on screen dressed exactly as she was today, very short jeans
shorts, motorcycle boots, and a leather vest. Rhonda's heavily tattooed body
towered over the girl. Rhonda was well over six feet and had the physique of a
competitive body builder that she in fact had been until recently.

   Rhonda was much taller and stronger looking than any of the Pagan men
present. In spite of all the muscle and height, Rhonda was quite pretty. She
reminded Candace of one of those women who accompanied wrestlers on television.
Candace recalled one named "Chynha" who resembled Rhonda in a general fashion.
On the screen, Stacy was backing up, crying and begging Rhonda not to hurt her.

  "Look I'm really sorry, Ms. Powers. I didn't mean it. I like lesbians I've
even done some lesbian things with my sorority sisters. I'll do you if you like,
just don't hurt me," said Stacy.

  "Oh, you going to do me and everyone else here, sorority girl, we're going to
rape you until you bleed. But first, I'm going to remake that pretty face of
yours. It's going to be a while before anyone asks you for a date," hissed
Rhonda moving toward the cowering girl.

  At that moment, Rhonda jumped forward and slammed a fist into Stacy's stomach.
The fist buried itself in Stacy's abdomen. Candace pictured Stacy's diaphragm
doing a major reverse and her lungs expelling their contents in one great
whoosh.  Stacy bent over grabbing her belly. You could tell all the wind had
been knocked out of her. Stacy opened her mouth to scream but there was no air
to vibrate her voice box. Stacy stayed bent double and retched. Some stomach
bile came up and spilled on to her breasts. Rhonda grabbed a fistful of blonde
hair and jerked her upright. Rhonda was quick as lightening with her fists. She
landed a jab directly on Stacy's eye. That spun Stacy around and sent her down
to the floor. Stacy got on all fours and begin crawling for the door, looking
around for a means to escape. Her eye was bleeding from a cut over the brow.

  Stacy screamed again as Rhonda grabbed her once more by the hair, pulled her
to her feet and slammed another fist into Stacy's nose flattening it. Blood
flowed out of both nostrils spilling down onto Stacy's breasts.  Rhonda used one
arm to grip Stacy by the throat as she backed her against a wall. With the other
arm, she landed two vicious short punches to the girl's breasts.  The camera
caught the breast being flattened as the knuckles of Rhonda's fist only stopped
when they reached Stacy's chest bones. Stacy shrieked and grabbed her tits as
she dropped to the floor. The camera showed Stacy curled up in the fetal
position begging Rhonda to stop. 

  "Anything, you all can do anything you want with me, go ahead and fuck me,
just don't hurt me anymore," said Stacy down on the floor holding her breasts.

  "We're a long way from stopping," said Rhonda as she delivered a kick to
Stacy's ribs that sent the girl rolling on the floor holding her side and
screaming. Candace thought she heard the sound of ribs cracking when Rhonda's
boot made contact.

  Candace assumed Brady's was soundproof. Otherwise the girl's loud screams
would have been heard.  Once again, Rhonda pulled Stacy to her feet using her
blonde hair as a handle. This was followed by a couple of vicious right crosses
to Stacy's mouth. Candace saw several small white objects fly out of Stacy's
mouth and across the room.

   "She's knocking her teeth out," thought Candace, "God, she's vicious. I've
got to fuck her," said Candace having to exercise some self-control to not pull
up her skirt and masturbate.

  Rhonda grabbed Stacy in a full nelson and pointed her face toward the camera.
The close up showed that one of her eyes was already swollen shut with a nasty
gash above the eyebrow. The other eye was puffy and turning black. Stacy's nose
was flattened and bent to one side.  Her upper and lower lips were badly split
and her mouth was oozing blood. There were gaps in the front of her teeth.

  "She's not so pretty now, is she? You wouldn't think a hard up diesel dyke
like me would be interested in doing a little rug munching with someone whose
face is this fucked up. But I've decided to give you a break," announced Rhonda
to the camera.

  After the close up, Rhonda drug Stacy over to the bar using her ear as a
handle. She easily lifted her naked body right up on top of the counter. She
rolled Stacy on her back. Rhonda got up on the bar standing astride the naked,
bleeding Stacy that lying on her back between Rhonda's feet.

  "Pussy eating time, sorority girl," said Rhonda unfastening her shorts,
dropping them down her legs and kicking then off a leg at a time. Rhonda knelt
down with her shaved cunt directly over Stacy's face.

  "You better get to licking my cunt, show me some of those dyke things you do
with your sorority sisters," said Rhonda.

  The camera moved in for a close up of Stacy's bloody tongue licking Rhonda's
clitoris. Rhonda's clit was quickly covered with blood from Stacy's mouth.

  "You can do better than that, Stacy. I got a set of bolt cutters in my truck.
If you don't make me cum in five minutes, I' m going to go get them and start
cutting off some toes and fingers," said Rhonda.

  The camera focused on Stacy's mouth working on Rhonda's pussy. Stacy's mouth
was working hard to keep her digits intact.

  "Show me some true love. Lick my asshole," said Rhonda as she positioned her
butt hole over Stacy's mouth.

  "That's right, tongue that shit hole, said Rhonda getting turned on by Stacy's
oral ministrations.

  A close up revealed the tip of Stacy's tongue was darting a good two inches
inside Rhonda's rectum. After a few minutes, Rhonda moved back to where Stacy
was eating her pussy.

  "Oh yea, this girl knows how to eat pussy, she's a dyke too and we got the
pictures to prove it," proclaimed Rhonda to the camera. You could tell Rhonda
was becoming more and more aroused because she started ridding Stacy's face
faster and faster until at last Rhonda climaxed.

  "That was pretty good, I hope it was better for you than taking an order for
some of those mint chocolate chip cookies, you were passing around," laughed
Rhonda as she got off Stacy. Rhonda slowly climbed off the bar. Then she pulled
Stacy to where she standing on the ground leaning forward onto the bar top.

  "Please let me go now, I ate you out, don't hurt me anymore," begged Stacy.

  "The party's just getting started. You haven't even been fucked yet. Give me a
hand, Troy, Roger."

  One of the Pagans stepped forward and held Stacy from behind. He grabbed her
wrists and pulled her arms straight out behind her back. He put his boot in the
center of her back and pulled her arms back to where it looked like Stacy's
shoulders were dislocated. The effect was to push Stacy's breasts straight out.

  "Put her boobs straight out across the bar, Roger, use your pliers," said
Rhonda.

  Stacy was standing belly against the bar. They forced her to lean over to
where her boobs rested on the wood countertop. Another Pagan stepped behind the
bar with Rhonda. He had a pair of needle nose pliers in his hand. He grabbed one
of Stacy's nipples in the pliers and pulled her breast out as far as it would
go. Rhonda grabbed a Makita electric nail gun hidden behind the bar and held it
up in front of Stacy's face.

  "Know what this is, sorority girl?" asked Rhonda.

  Candace leaned forward intent of watching the television screen. Candace
sensed that her pussy was soaked and lubrication was slowly oozing out of her
vagina. God I wish I had been there with Rhonda thought Candace. I have to make
Rhonda part of my team.

  "Oh my God, what are you going to do with that?" cried Stacy.

  "I'm going to nail your tits to the bar. In future years, you'll be able to
say I used to have beautiful breasts but I insulted an Amazon and she made them
ugly. Hold her still, Roger," said Rhonda.

  She used the gun's guide to flatten Stacy's breast down against the wooden
surface and then fired three four-inch nails through Stacy's breast nailing her
to the top of the bar.

  When the first nail went in, Stacy started screaming. She kept screaming as
they used the gun to nail her other breast.

  "Here this'll shut her up," said an off camera voice as an arm reached in to
hand Rhonda Stacy's panties.

  "How'd they get so wet?" asked Rhonda stuffing the panties in Stacy's mouth.
Stacy's eyes rolled up in her head and she passed out. Troy released her arms
and she hung there by her breasts. Stacy would have fallen to the floor but the
nails in her tits held up upright. The camera caught the full effect of Stacy
hanging there by the breasts. It also focused in on the yellow stained panties
stuffed between Stacy's bloody lips.

  "I pissed on them. More fun if she's sucking pee-pee while we fuck her," said
the Pagan.

  "These guys have some imagination. They won't mind if I jerk off while I watch
the rest," thought Candace as she adjusted her position to allow her skirt to be
moved up several inches. Candace hooked a fingernail into her pantyhose tearing
them open at her vagina. Candace moved her thong panty crotch to one side as her
fingers moved some of her juice up from her vagina opening to her clit. Candace
suppressed a moan as her forefinger traced a small circle around her engorged
clit. Rhonda and Brady were too distracted watching the small screen to notice
Candace masturbating on the other side of the desk. Several of the Pagans at the
pool table did notice and gave each other surprised looks.

    On screen, Rhonda filled a beer pitcher with ice then water from behind the
bar. She also filled a glass with ice water and took a long drink. She slowly
stirred the pitcher then dumped half of it on Stacy's head. Stacy sputtered
awake as the ice cold water covered her head.

  "Hey, you're with us. Think any man will ever take a second look at you after
he sees all those nail holes in your boobs? You are going to have one ugly
scarred-up set of tits. Hope you weren't planning to nurse your babies, scare
the little bastards to death."

    Stacy panicked when she saw the nails in her breasts. She tired to pull away
from the bar but the nails held her in place. It was obvious from the look in
her eyes that the pain of the nails in her tits was more than Stacy could
stand."

  "Did you know that the wire nail is an American invention?" asked Rhonda who
waited a moment for an answer. Stacy tried to mumble something but her panties
were stuffed in her mouth.

  "Well, guess you're not learning shit in college, here's the penalty for not
knowing." Rhonda pressed the trigger to fire six more nails through each breast.
Stacy screamed into the urine soaked panties but didn't pass out this time. Her
feet did a little dance of pain as her mind and body tried to cope with the
agony wracking her body.

  "We keep this nail gun ready and loaded. It's very handy for making your point
with someone who's trying to give you some shit. Just last week, we had a
customer get drunk and punch one of the dancers, blackened her eyes. Poor Kay
couldn't work for three days. We brought the prick back here and nailed his
balls and dick to the bar. Then we got out our belts and whipped his ass for
being a worthless shithead. A couple of the guys fucked him in the ass just to
make sure he learned his lesson. I don't think he's going to act out again. I
bet you don't either," said Rhonda to the sobbing Stacy.

  Candace found herself getting wetter as she watched Rhonda work on the college
girl.       She's a real sadist. I definitely need someone like her thought
Candace.

  The camera came around to the other side of the bar to capture a close up of
Stacy's ruined face and the sight of her breasts firmly nailed into the wood.
Her tits were slowly oozing blood out of the ten nail holes. The girl looked to
be in total agony.

  "Ever pull a train?" asked Rhonda.

  Stacy shook her head No.

  "Well, there are nine Pagans here and they're going to fuck you. So after
today, you can answer that question in the affirmative. Are you going first,
Brady?"

  "Yes, let me lube her up a little, most college girls never been butt fucked,"
said Brady as he stepped in the picture holding a large plastic bottle of Probe. 
Brady squirted some of the contents on Stacy's ass then slowly worked it into
her asshole.

  "Even been fucked in the ass?" asked Rhonda.

  Stacy desperately shook her head No.  A muffled sound of sheer misery came
from Stacy's mouth as Brady worked several fingers into Stacy's rectum. They did
a camera close up of Brady sticking one, two, three, and then four fingers in
the girl's ass. He held her anus open while another Pagan squirted Probe
directly into the open hole.

  Brady kept four fingers in Stacy's ass hole as he slid his cock into her
pussy. Brady fucked Stacy's vagina for a while all the time working his fingers
into her rectum.

  "She's loosened up now. Time to ride the Hershey Highway," announced Brady as
he replaced his fingers with his erect cock. There were more muffled protests
from Stacy as Brady held Stacy's hips and slammed his cock as far as it would go
up Stacy's ass. Stacy screeched in pain managing to make a respectable amount of
noise even with her piss soaked panty in her mouth.

  Brady was rough on Stacy. He began rhythmically slapping her buttocks until
they were bright red. Candace could tell he was purposefully jerking on her body
forcing her breasts to pull against the nails. Stacy was attempting to hang on
to the bar to prevent the nails from being ripped out of her boobs. The
cameraman went around behind the bar to focus on Stacy's face and breasts. You
could see the nail holes getting wider as Stacy rocked back and forth. After
Brady ejaculated, the rest of the eight Pagans rapped her pussy and ass. 
Several screwed her multiple times. Someone had edited the video to only capture
the Pagans dropping their load. Several of the Pagans climbed up on the bar and
ejaculated on Stacy's face and bloody, nail-studded breasts.

  When they were done, both of Stacy's holes were wide open and the camera went
in for a close up. Someone with a sense of humor produced a flashlight and they
used that to illuminate Stacy's wide-open apertures. There was a trickle of
blood seeping out of Stacy's asshole.

  "Stacy, you're going to have to wear a Depends until your asshole heals up,"
said Rhonda to Stacy who looked uncomprehendingly back.

  Rhonda came back into the picture covering her hand with shortening from a
large commercial size can of Crisco. She spoke to the camera.

  "Stacy, you said she liked lesbian things and there's nothing more dyke that
being fist fucked."

  "Don't do that. I'm already hurting down there. You'll kill me," whined Stacy
who had somehow managed to spit out her panty gag.

  "Don't worry if you die, we know a guy with a crematorium who'll dispose of
the body. Where do you want the urn sent?" laughed Rhonda.

  "Don't kill me. I don't want to die," said Stacy.

  "You won't die. You can handle this, you'll just have a lot wider pussy and
ass when I'm done," said Rhonda holding up a latex covered fist covered in
Crisco. Like everything else about Rhonda, her fist was huge. Stacy took one
look at Rhonda's fist and started to tremble.

  "When I'm done, there won't be a cock at UMASS you can't handle in either
hole," said Rhonda working a handful of Crisco into Stacy's cunt.

  Rhonda packed Stacy's cunt with Crisco then slowly pushed her large hand
inside

Stacy's pussy. Rhonda twisted her arm as she moved it forward. She pushed her
arm inside Stacy's birth canal until Rhonda's elbow was right outside Stacy's
vaginal opening.

   Stacy started screaming again. The camera watched as a Pagan grabbed Stacy's
panties off the bar, took them over to the trash can and pissed all over them.
When he came back to Stacy, she refused to open her mouth. The Pagan calmly
closed off her nostrils with his fingers. When she was forced to open her mouth
to breathe, the pagan hawked a large gob of spit into Stacy's mouth then stuffed
the urine soaked panty inside her mouth.  Rhonda had worked her hand deep inside
Stacy's vagina. Rhonda's hands were larger than most men's. Candace could only
imagine how Stacy must have felt to have something that large inside her vagina.

  "Now, I'm going to make a fist and widen your birth canal. I bet your first
baby just falls out. Oh God, I should have been a gynecologist. I feel your
cervix and there is your uterus and I bet I can even get my hand inside your
baby basket. You'll feel that, all the way home. That's what it's going to be
like when you get knocked up and there's somebody's brat in your womb."

  Candace watched as a bulge appeared in Stacy's abdomen that moved from her
pubic area to her diaphragm. There was a ripple across Stacy's abdomen as Rhonda
moved her hand back and forth.

  "Now, let's widen the Hershey Highway. You look like you got two lanes. When
I'm done, you'll have an Interstate with a median and breakdown lane."

   Rhonda worked more handfuls of Crisco into Stacy's open asshole. Then she
slowly worked her other hand inside Stacy's anal ring.

"Look, both arms now all the way to my elbow," said Rhonda to the camera as she
shoved her hands way up into Stacy's body. The girl's body went into spasms of
pain.  You could tell from the way that Stacy's arms were flailing that she was
in agony. Rhonda slowly raised Stacy off the ground using her hands and held her
there for the camera. Rhonda finished with a good five-minute session where she
brutally fisted both of the girl's holes until Stacy passed out. 

  "I wonder if any of her female plumbing will ever work again after that,"
thought Candace, "Stacy may wind up like me with a broken baby oven."

  When Rhonda finished fist fucking Stacy, she slowly wiped the Crisco, blood,
and shit off her hands using a bar towel, then dumped the other half of the
pitcher of cold water over Stacy's head. Stacy sputtered back to consciousness.
Rhonda removed the gag from Stacy's mouth. Stacy immediately puked all over the
top of the bar.

 "Lick that up," commanded Rhonda.

  The terrified Stacy attempted to use her tongue to lick up the vomit but she
gagged and puked some more.

  "Since you made a mess and refuse to clean it up, we're going to punish you
some more. When was the last time, you had your hair styled?" asked Rhonda.

  Stacy managed to say, "three weeks ago." Stacy was too terrified to wonder why
Rhonda was asking about her hair.

  "Where?"

  "Salon down on Newbury Street, House of Jayson. Clyde does it."

  "How much?"

  "$120 plus tip."

  "He color it too."

  "Yes."

  "Well, you won't need to go back there for a while. I'm going to save you some
cash."

  "What? I don't understand."

  "I'm going to shave you bald. Don't worry, I've heard some men are turned on
by bald women."

  "Oh God, no" begged Stacy.

    The camera watched as two Pagans used a pry bar to remove the nails from
Stacy's breasts. That occasioned more loud screams as the bar crushed Stacy's
flesh against the bar top each time a nail was extracted. Luckily, Stacy passed
out before the final two nails were pulled.

  Rhonda's final act of mayhem was to shave Stacy's head. Stacy was seated in a
chair passed out. One of the Pagans held Stacy's head erect and still as Rhonda
worked. Rhonda started with a pair of hand shears and cut off Stacy's hair to
less than an inch. Then she used two different types of electric barber clippers
to trim down to the scalp. Finally, Rhonda lathered up Stacy's skull, took a
straight razor and shaved Stacy completely bald. Rhonda even shaved her eyebrows
off. Rhonda wasn't two careful with the razor and there were multiple cuts on
her scalp when Rhonda finished.

  While Stacy was being shaved, several other Pagans try to fuck her one more
time, complaining all the while that her cunt and asshole were stretched out too
far to allow them to feel anything. One of the Pagans stuffed a baseball bat up
Stacy's asshole and cunt to demonstrate how stretched out she was.

  "See, her ass's slit open, she's lost the elasticity in her anal ring, bitch's
turds will just fall right out," said Troy twirling the bat inside Stacy's ass
hole while speaking to Rhonda who was busy with the clippers.

  "Hell, what did you expect Troy? I fisted both her holes. It'll be weeks
before her asshole is able to close. She's going to have to wear a diaper until
her butt hole heals," replied Rhonda.

  The last scene was like the first. They had put Stacy's Girl Scout dress back
on and partially buttoned it. The beret was perched on her baldhead. Both her
eyes were swollen partially shut and her nose was obviously broken. She was
missing most of her front teeth. The front of her dress had two bloody spots
where the nail holes in her tits were bleeding through the dress.

  "Show her how she looks in the mirror," said an off camera Rhonda.

  The look of absolute horror on Stacy's face when someone held up a mirror to
her face seemed to be the right conclusion to the video. Stacy's look of
hopeless despair said it all.

  When a very pretty girl looses her looks, she thinks there is nothing left
thought Candace.

  "Troy, you and Roger get her back to wherever the hell she came from," said
Brady. Brady stepped up to where his face was only a few inches from Stacy's
face. The camera captured what he said.

  "Ms. Hoyt if you have any thoughts of going to the police, consider that it's
your word against ten of ours. The local police are good friends of mine. They
come to my clubs and I make sure the girls comp them. My advice is go home, heal
up, and don't try to sell any more Girl Scout cookies. Understand?"

  Stacy was nodding yes as the video ended.

  Candace found herself enormously turned on and energized by the video. Her
fingers were covered in her juices.

   I've made the right choice in selecting the Pagans to partner with. I have to
ask Brady for my own copy of that video. I can watch it with Maria Consuela and
Anna Estelle one night, I'm sure Bernice would like to see it too thought
Candace.

  "Okay, you've seen it, now please leave," said Brady reaching over to push the
rewind button.

  " Please leave, please, since when did we let people come in here and fuck
with us and we ask them to please leave. I can't believe you Brady, you're
treating her like you're afraid of her," yelled Rhonda.

  "Rhonda, you know the trouble with dykes like you is that you eat so much
pussy, you can't keep your mouth shut. Why don't you sit down and be quiet,
you're starting to bore me, " said Candace in a calm measured voice.

  "Fucking cunt," screamed Rhonda as she lunged for Candace. Candace stood up
and moved aside at a speed that was not human. She reached out her foot to trip
Rhonda who tumbled headlong on the floor. Brady rushed forward to stand between
the two women.

  "Listen, Mrs. Williams, get the fuck out of here, before someone gets hurt,"
said Brady trying to keep Rhonda from charging again. The other Pagans had
gotten interested once the commotion had started. They gathered around to watch
the action.

  "Before I go, I need your check for lets' say $20,000 since you're making it
difficult. Also before I go I need to teach Rhonda a lesson. One thing I admire
about the Pagans is that they demand respect. I'm not going to leave here
without Rhonda's respect." Candace spoke in a quiet measured voice that betrayed
no fear or concern.

  "Your fucking insane, lady, she'll kill you if you don't get your ass out of
here, you saw what she did to that college girl, help me Ed, you too Dirk," said
Brady asking two of the Pagans to help him restrain Rhonda.

  "No, Brady, this is how it going to be. I'm going to teach Rhonda a lesson.
I'm going to do to her exactly what she did to that sorority girl. I'm going to
nail her breasts to the bar and let you guys fuck her in the ass. But first I'm
going to take off my suit. I have another appointment this afternoon and I don't
want it mussed up. You don't mind if I get naked, do you? You guys have been
dying to see my pussy since I walked in the door," said Candace taking her suit
coat off.

  "You too, Rhonda, clothes off, let's give the boys a show, I want their cocks
hard when I open your butt up for them to stick it up your ass," said Candace as
she casually undressed.

  Everyone stood in stunned silence as Candace quickly removed her blouse then
her bra.  They watched in disbelief as she neatly folded her clothes and hung
them on the back of her chair. Next it was the skirt followed by the torn panty
hose and panties.

  "Fortunately, I've got a spare pair of pantyhose in my purse. Watching all
this violence and sex made me horny," said Candace as she placed her hand
between her legs and rubbed her crotch.

  The Pagans were used to seeing naked women. There was one dancing nude a few
yards away. But Candace had a terrific figure that compared favorably with any
of Brady's dancers. Brady and the eight Pagans took a minute to admire it. They
were having some difficulty processing the fact that she had casually stripped
naked in front of them and was talking as if her winning the fight was a
foregone conclusion.

  There was still no doubt in any of the Pagans' minds that Rhonda was going to
beat the living shit out of Candace. They were certain they would be stuffing
their cocks into whatever hole was available on Candace Williams' body.

  I'm going to do her ass thought Troy as he rubbed his crotch. Then I'll rape
that pretty mouth with my shit stained dick and make her swallow my load. 
She'll look like she's been eating brown gravy when I'm done

  "You guys are getting me so hot. Looking at me like you want to fuck me.
Rhonda, hurry up and strip. Let's see how that dyke pussy looks when it knows
it's going to get fucked," said Candace.

  "Yea, Rhonda, get naked then you can beat the shit out of her. I want to see a
naked catfight," said one of the Pagans.

  "Blondie, after Rhonda, beats the shit out of you, we're going to fuck you
until your cunt bleeds," said one of the bikers restraining Rhonda.

  Rhonda would have preferred to leap at Candace and strangle her on the spot
but the bikers insisted that Rhonda undress and the two women fight in the nude.
The thought of a nude catfight was getting the bikers hard. One of the Pagans
positioned himself behind the tripod and started to film the fight.

    "All right, I'll undress, then I'm going to beat you senseless. After that
they're going to fuck you in all three holes. Then I'm going to cut your tits
off and make you eat them," said Rhonda as she shook the men's hands off her and
removed her leather vest revealing her tattooed breasts. Then she dropped her
shorts to the floor revealing more tattoos. Both women were now naked.

   Several of the bikers unzipped and started stroking their cocks anticipating
that in a matter of a few bloody moments they would be sticking them in the
beautiful blonde. They just hoped that Rhonda hadn't killed her before they got
their pricks in one of her holes.

  "Come on, Rhonda, let's get this over with," said Candace.

  Rhonda charged forward like a wounded African Cape Buffalo. Candace in a blur
slipped to one side and landed a fist to Rhonda's mid section that lifted her
off the floor. Rhonda bent completely double Her chin was practically on her
knees. Candace calmly pulled Rhonda erect using her hair and slammed her fist
into Rhonda's eye. Candace delivered four powerful bitch slaps that violently
twisted Rhonda's face from one side to another. Then using Rhonda's auburn hair
as a handle, Candace jerked her head down and kneed her face.

  "I'm not quite as easy as Stacy," said Candace as she grabbed Rhonda by her
breasts then used them as leverage to toss her across the room and against the
wall where she landed with a loud slam that caused several pictures to fall off
the wall.

   Rhonda tried to recover approaching Candace with her fists raised but in a
lightening strike, Candace kicked Rhonda's straight in her vagina. The force of
the blow lifted Rhonda several feet in the sir. Rhonda went down on the floor
with her hands between her legs rolling over and over in agony. Candace repeated
the pattern of pulling Rhonda erect by grabbing a fistful of hair then striking
her with the other fist sending her to the floor.

  Candace beat Rhonda in much the same pattern that Rhonda had used on Stacy
except she took much less time to do it.

  In a matter of seconds, Rhonda had a closed eye, a broken nose, and split
lips. Her breasts were in agony from two rock hard punches that had landed in
the center of each one. Her pussy was the home of sharp pains where the top of
Candace's naked foot had flattened her clit while her toes ripped into her
vaginal opening. The fight was completely gone out of Rhonda. If a referee had
been there to ask Rhonda to say her name, he would have stopped the fight.
Unfortunately for Rhonda, there wasn't a referee.

  Candace picked up Rhonda and carried her over to the bar and placed her on the
countertop. The Pagans watched dumbfounded as Candace easily lifted the much
larger woman onto the bar. Candace quickly jumped up on the bar and mounted
Rhonda's face. Candace grabbed a beer that someone had left on the bar and
poured it over Rhonda. The cold beer brought her out of her daze.

  "Now show me how good you are at eating pussy, dyke" said Candace using one
hand to spread her labia so Rhonda could tongue her hole, "Get that tongue
working, I'm sure you've done this before."

    The bikers were stunned into silence. Rhonda's beating the shit out of the
blonde was a foregone conclusion. But somehow the smaller woman was inhumanly
fast and strong. She handled Rhonda like she was a toy. Brady's nagging fears
were realized. Candace Williams had just easily beat the living hell out of
someone that only the largest and meanest Pagans would have been willing to take
on.

  I knew it. I knew something was funny about her whispered Brady to himself.

  "Fuck, you see that, she got to be on crystal meth, steroids or something,"
said one of the bikers.

  Candace looked down at Rhonda's bloody face. Candace's pussy was right at
Rhonda's mouth.

  "Eat me, Rhonda, I'm already nice and creamy from watching that video, stick
your tongue in there and get you some girl goop, I'll give you some piss to wash
it down," cooed Candace.

  Rhonda shook her head no and kept her mouth closed.

  "Better start or I'll dig your eyeballs out." Candace placed her thumbs on
Rhonda's eye sockets and started to push.

  Rhonda's tongue darted out to lick at Candace's clit. Then it swirled into
Candace's hole and came out coated with a thick covering of Candace's
secretions.

  "Excellent, I prefer cooperation to confrontation, keep at it" said Candace as
she felt Rhonda's tongue excite her clit.

  "Now cover my piss hole with your mouth and let me give you a squirt," said
Candace after Rhonda had been licking her clit and pussy for a few minutes.
Rhonda did as instructed and Candace felt Rhonda's tongue flicker across her pee
whole.

  "Swallow it and don't waste a drop of my mellow yellow, said Candace as she
slowly released a full bladder of golden urine into Rhonda's mouth.

  "Fuck man, you believe that, she's making Rhonda drink her piss," said a biker
observing Rhonda's throat action as she swallowed mouthful after mouthful of
Candace's urine.

  Candace looked around at the amazed faces of the Pagans as she released her
bladder into Rhonda's open mouth. Several more of them had pulled their cocks
out. Brady looked particularly surprised but he still had a hard on. Candace
found it exciting as she surveyed the crowd and realized nine horny males were
watching her pee in another girl's mouth. When Candace had let the last few
drops of piss drop into Rhonda's open mouth, she began to ride Rhonda's face,
rubbing her clit against Rhonda's squirming tongue until she experienced an
orgasm.

  "You're the first person, I've ever raped. I can see why the Pagans love it so
much," whispered Candace into Rhonda's ear as she finished her orgasm.

   Candace hopped off the bar pulling Rhonda onto the floor. She quickly moved
Rhonda to where she was leaning on the bar with her breasts laying on the
countertop. In a blur, Candace grabbed the nail gun off the back counter and
pressed the trigger four times. Rhonda had two nails in each breast. She
screamed in agony. Candace decided not to go for the ten nails Rhonda had used
on Stacy's breasts. I'm going to need her later thought Candace.

   "I guess next on the program is for your Pagan friends here to gang bang you.
Here, let me spread your cheeks, Rhonda, it's time for that lesbian pussy of
yours to take some cock. Frankly just between us girls, I wish they were fucking
me but I promised then our ass," Candace whispered in Rhonda ear as she stuck a
finger in Rhonda's asshole.

  "Please, I'm begging you. I've never had a man inside me. I was wrong about
you. Please don't let them have me, " pleaded Rhonda's with eyes filled with
tears.

  "Rhonda's telling me that none of you guys have ever plowed you, am I expected
to believe that?" asked Candace.

  "It's true, Rhonda has always been a lesbian, none of us has ever touched
her," responded Brady, "She's always said she'd kill herself and the man if
anyone ever put his cock in her."

  "So it means everything to you that no man has ever stuck his penis inside
your vagina," whispered Candace as she moved her fingers inside Rhonda's vagina
and began to slowly massage her G-spot.

  "Yes, I'll die if a man ever touches me that way," cried Rhonda.

  "I don't have to do this, we could stop here."

  "Oh please, I couldn't bear it."

  "But if I stopped I would need something from you."

  "Anything, money, I'll get you the money you asked for."

  "I need something greater than that."

  "If I can, just don't let them fuck me."

  "I want your love and your loyalty. I want you to work for me in the campaign.
Sometimes, I'll want you to sleep with me, I think you're beautiful and I want
you in my bed. I want you to be my friend, lover, and protector. From this day
forward, I want you to be mine and serve me," whispered Candace into Rhonda's
ear. No one else in the room could hear her.

  "Yes, I'll do that," responded Rhonda.

  Candace leaned down and kissed Rhonda's bloody mouth.  As Candace raised
herself up, she pulled the nails out of Rhonda's breasts with her fingers.

  "Fuck, did you see that?" said a biker standing close to the bar.

  "Yea, she pulled those nails out with her fingers. We had to use a pry bar to
get the nails out of that Girl Scout's tits, she ain't human," said another
biker.

  Candace helped Rhonda over to a chair kissing her again as she gently eased
Rhonda into the chair. Candace retrieved Rhonda's shorts and top and gently
redressed her.

  "Brady, Rhonda needs a little medical attention," said Candace helping Rhonda
into her leather vest.

  "Brittany, One of the dancers used to be an EMT, she's working this
afternoon," said Brady.

  "Call her in here, please."

  Everyone stayed quiet for the three minutes between Brady using his telephone
intercom to page Brittany to the office and a tall blonde with enormous fake
breasts showing up."

  "What's up Brady? I took care of that guy just like you asked me," said
Brittany as she entered the room wearing a bikini top and a pair of butt cheek
baring shorts. She took a quick look at Candace, not really surprised that there
was a nude blonde in Brady's office. Brittany also saw that several of the
Pagans had their cocks out stroking them. Brittany figured the beautiful blonde
had been going through the regular audition process that included being gang
banged by every Pagan on the premises. Brittany had experienced that some months
ago when she applied for a job at the Cabaret Lounge.

  "Rhonda needs a little patching up. Go get your medical kit," said Brady.

  "Rhonda, what the fuck happened?" said Brittany noting for the first time
Rhonda sitting nearby with her face and tits bleeding.

  "You don't need to know. Just get your kit and get your ass back in here,"
said Brady.

   Brittany had worked for Brady long enough to know when not to ask questions.
She rushed out of the room to get the first aid kit located in the dancer's
dressing room.

  Candace walked over to Brady, unzipped his fly and slipped her hand inside
taking hold of his cock. She reached over and placed her other hand on Troy's
exposed cock and spoke.

  "Cat fights, violence, rape, those things get me hot. I need some cock. You
guys were expecting to fuck me and I don't want to disappoint you. I've only got
an hour but I'm horny as hell. Let's start with you Brady. Just pretend I'm that
girl Stacy in the video. I'll stand over at the bar making believe my tits are
nailed down. You lube me up and fuck me in the ass. I love dirty talk by the way
so refer to me by pet names like whore, slut, and cunt. I'm sure you know some
others."

  "Troy you climb up on the bar so my face is buried in your ass. I'll rim your
hairy butt hole then I'll give you a blowjob. You have to promise to cum in my
mouth. After Brady and Troy finish, I want the rest of you three at a time."

  The Pagans brightened up at the prospect of screwing Candace. They listened
carefully as she spoke.

  "Listen, I've got to be in downtown Boston in an hour and a half so you guys
plan to fuck me hard and fast then dump your load in whatever hole suits you. I
can only add I adore the taste of hot jism," said Candace leading Brady and Troy
toward the bar pulling them by their dicks. When Candace got to the bar, she
leaned over as if her breasts were nailed. Troy had stripped naked. He climbed
up on the bar on all fours then carefully backed up until Candace's nose was
wedged between his cheeks.

  "Now, Brady, just like Stacy, use lube and your fingers to open me up then
fuck my ass while I eat Troy's. I want it rough," said Candace who then
proceeded to take a long lick across Troy's hairy asshole.

  Candace moaned as she felt a well-lubricated finger slide into her rectum. It
twisted left and right causing her anus to tingle with sensations. Her tongue
parted the silky black hairs that formed a ring around Troy's anus. After
several swipes that left Troy's brown hole slick with saliva, Candace poked the
tip of her tongue past Troy's anal ring. Troy moaned as he spoke.

  "Oh yea, man, that's great, get that tongue up my hole so you can taste my
shit."

  Candace was completely engrossed in the sexual pleasure of Brady's fingers
working in her asshole as her mouth sucked on Troy's anal ring. She applied then
relaxed her suction causing Troy's anus to dilate and expand until it opened a
small hole she proceeded to suck and tongue fuck. Candace enjoyed the sensation
of forcing her breath into Troy's open rectum and then breathing back into her
lungs the fart she had created.

  "That's right, Brady, all the way to your balls," breathed Candace as Brady
replaced his fingers with eight inches of hard Pagan cock. Brady was pumping
hard, gripping Candace's hips and slamming into her anus.

  "God, you ass fucking bitch. Can you squeeze a cock with your ass? Where did
you learn to do that?" gasped Brady feeling the intense sensations that traveled
the length of his cock as the walls of Candace's rectum and bowel clamped down
on his dick.

  "How is she Brady? She seems to like having her shit pushed," asked Roger
standing nearby stroking his cock.

  "Fucking fantastic, bitch is providing a complete three hundred and sixty
degree massage of my prick, never felt anything like it," answered Brady pumping
slower now trying to make it last.

  "Turn around, Troy, I want to suck your dick," said Candace taking her mouth
off Troy's anus for a moment.

  "Who's the whore?" Brittany asked Rhonda.  Brittany had returned with the
first aid kit and was bandaging the puncture wounds in Rhonda's breasts.

  "That's Mrs. Candace Williams and if you ever refer to her that way again,
I'll slice your face up," said Rhonda.

  "Sorry, Rhonda, I just thought from what's she's doing over there with Brady
and Troy, she was going to work here," said Brittany.

  "No, we work for her now," said Rhonda.

  "What," asked Brittany?

  "Forget it, you wouldn't understand. I'll explain later. Think I should get a
tetanus booster?"

  Candace returned her attention to Brady who was pumping faster and breathing
harder, the normal signs a man was about to fill an orifice with one of his
bodily fluids. Brady made a final strong thrust and at its deepest point, felt
his cock release a spurt of seminal fluid into Candace's bowels. His body was
racked with half a dozen muscle contractions as his balls emptied their
contents.

  Candace could feel the warm fluid settling in her lower intestine. She sensed
it was lifeless.

  "Vasectomy, Brady?" asked Candace turning her head toward him. Sweat from his
chest and stomach served as a lubricant as he slid his chest against her back.

  "Yea, Marie couldn't handle the pill, fucked up her hormones, " answered Brady
wondering how in the hell did Candace know that. Outside of his wife Marie and
his doctor, he hadn't told anyone. Brady surprised himself by greedily licking
the sweat off Candace's back as his cock softened.

  Candace focused her attention on sucking Troy's cock. He was kneeling on the
bar directly in front of her. Candace wedged one hand between his legs and
pushed her index finger inside his already wet ass hole.

  "Oh yea, that's it, that's it," repeated Troy. Recently, Troy had discovered
he liked having his ass penetrated while being sucked off. He had bought Irma,
his wife, a set of three different sizes of butt plugs to use during oral sex.
Irma had laughingly commented that Troy was going queer on her and that next,
he'd be asking his buddy, Roger, to fuck his ass while he was fucking Irma. Troy
hadn't liked that remark and had communicated his displeasure by slapping her
around the bedroom. He'd given her a nice shiner to remind her to keep her
opinions to herself. But sometimes, Troy feared Irma might be right. He had
fantasized while he jerk off that some Pagan with a large cock was fucking his
ass.

  Candace slipped her first finger in beside her forefinger and began a slow
finger fucking of Troy's asshole. Candace took a firm hold on Troy's balls with
her other hand. She used her thumb and fingers to separate his nuts while she
firmly pressed the heel of her hand against the base of Troy's nuts putting
pressure on his prostate from two directions.

  "Oh God, man, this bitch knows how to suck cock, does she, does she, does
she," yelled Troy to those watching.

  Brittany had stopped bandaging Rhonda's injuries. Both women were watching in
awe as Candace worked on Troy's prick.

  "Here it comes, here it comes, oh fuck, yes, it's coming," screamed Troy as he
felt semen travel from his ball sack down the length of his dick into the back
of Candace's throat. Troy pumped until his sack was so empty it hurt. When he
looked down, he saw that Candace had her mouth open and her tongue was covered
in his sperm. She looked directly into his eyes as she obviously swallowed his
semen. Then she leaned forward and licked a final drop of semen off the tip of
his dick.

  "You looked like you really enjoyed that," said Troy watching as Candace
slowly sucked and tongued his softening pecker.

  "I love the taste of cum. I like the flavor and how it feels when it glides
down your throat into your stomach," said Candace standing up and looking at the
rest of the naked Pagans who had been watching and stroking while she was
fucking Brady and Troy.

  "God, I love an audience. Wish I had more time. Dirk, get on your back on the
floor. I want that big dick of yours in my ass," said Candace to one of the
Pagans standing close by jerking on his long fat cock. Candace picked up Brady's
plastic bottle of lube, handed it to Brady, then bent over at the waist, pulling
her ass cheeks apart.

  "Lube me up again, Brady," said Candace.

  Brady pointed the squeeze bottle at Candace's pucker hole. He was amazed to
see it open on its own. He squeezed the plastic bottle and squirted Probe inside
her open rectum.

  This is really one to tell your grandchildren about thought Brady.

  Dirk lay down on the carpet. Candace straddled him facing his feet. She bent
her knees lowering herself. She took Dirk's cock in one hand and guided it into
her anal opening.

  "Nothing like a big schlong in your butt," announced Candace as she lowered
herself to the point that only Dirk's balls remained outside Candace's ass hole.
Candace enjoyed the slow slide of Dirk cock into her asshole. Every millimeter
it traveled created a wave of orgasmic pleasure.

 "How's that feel, Dirk?"

  "Great, I'm in all the way to my balls, nice and warm in there, tight too,"
said Dirk.

   Candace leaned back extending her arms to the floor. She was in the table
position supporting herself on her two arms and feet. She began to rhythmically
raise and lower her abdomen driving Dirk's cock deep in her bowels.

  "Reverse cowgirl, that takes strength," said Brittany to Rhonda.

  "Who wants my pussy and mouth?" asked Candace.

  Two Pagans eagerly stepped forward. Candace tilted her head back to where her
face was pointed away from Dirk's feet. A Pagan slipped his hard prick into her
mouth. The other took a position between Candace's legs and worked his prick
between her labia and into her vagina.

  "Fuck, that takes body control. I couldn't do that, She's deep throating too,"
said Brittany watching Candace take three cocks at one. The Pagan fucking
Candace's mouth was obviously going in all the way to his balls on each stroke.
Brittany could see Candace's throat expand each time the cock sunk home.

  "Now, this is what I call fucking," said Candace taking the cock out of her
mouth to speak. You two guys on top screw me a while then swap with the others.
Brittany, help me out, you keep them hard, I'd prefer they dump their loads on
my face and mouth," said Candace.

  Brittany had finished bandaging Rhonda when Candace asked her to participate.
Without hesitating or even understanding why, Brittany stood up, removed her bra
and shorts, and walked over to Candace. Brittany dropped to her knees between
two of the Pagans who were standing there stroking themselves. She took one cock
in her mouth as she began stroking another. After a few minutes, Candace
signaled for a change and Brittany found herself sucking a cock that had only a
few seconds before been in Candace's pussy.

  Her cunt tastes so sweet thought Brittany. The next time, it's empty I'm going
to eat her pussy.

  Over the next fifty minutes, the nine Pagans fucked Candace's holes until they
climaxed. Brady and Troy were able to perform another round. Candace directed
the Pagans to ejaculate in her mouth. Candace held her mouth open as the guys
stroked off, shooting nine loads into her open mouth. At the very end, Brittany
was sucking on Candace's clitoris as four Pagans stroked themselves until they
ejaculated onto Candace's face and mouth.

  Once they were finished, Brittany crawled up to Candace's face and licked the
thick ropes of sperm from her face as the two women kissed.

  "Sorry, everyone but I've got to run," announced Candace looking at her watch.
"I wish we could do it all afternoon but I have another appointment. Where's the
shower, Brady?"

  "I'll take you to the Dancers Dressing Room. You can shower there," said
Brittany wanting to be helpful for reasons she didn't understand.

  Candace carried her clothes through the club treating the patrons the sight of
a beautiful nude blonde with her face covered in semen. When she got to the
shower, Brittany insisted on helping her wash the sweat and dried semen off her
body. Brittany had Candace sit on a stool in the shower as she applied a douche
of Summers Eve to Candace's vagina. In the dressing room, Brittany made a point
of introducing Candace to the other dancers as the two of them dried off and
dressed. Candace asked Brittany to volunteer to work in her campaign and
Brittany accepted.

   When Candace and Brittany returned to Brady's office, he presented her with a
check for $20,000.

  "I'll get you my campaign account number so you can set up an automatic weekly
wire transfer," said Candace taking the check from Brady and kissing him. "I'll
be back tomorrow and we can discuss putting together teams to canvass the 12th
district and get voters to sign my election petition."

  "Yea, I'll have my whole crew ready to give you what you need," replied Brady.

  Candace walked over and took Rhonda's hand. She kissed Rhonda tenderly on her
split lips and hugged her. Candace handed Rhonda a card with her cell phone
number.

  "Call me as soon as you feel well enough. I'm sorry it had to be so rough,"
said Candace.

  "My fault for being an idiot and not realizing you serve the Master. I'll
serve you now. I know that is the Master's wish."

  "I love you," whispered Candace in Rhonda's ear.

  "I love you too," responded Rhonda.

   Candace waved to everyone and smiled, then said, "Don't forget to vote," as
she left.

  "Man that was something else," said one of the Pagans after Candace had
exited. The Pagans had decided they needed several shots of vodka to calm their
nerves. They spoke quietly among themselves as they tried to process what had
just happened.

  "Unbelievable man, absolutely fucking unbelievable," said another.

  "Incredible fuck though, hottest, tightest twat I've ever been in. I though my
dick was going to melt."

  "Asshole was like a milking machine. She worked the entire length of my cock
all at once. It was like she rapped the spooge out of my dick," said Dirk.

  "She sucked the jism right out of my prick. She could deep throat you to where
it felt like you were in her stomach."

  "If she hadn't had to leave, we'd still be at it. We didn't fuck her. She
fucked us. She's one horny piece of ass, a real nympho."

  "And you know what was really weird about it, weirder than anything?" asked
Brady.

  "What could be weirder?" asked somebody.

  "She liked it more than we did, she got off on it, that scares the shit out of
me," said Brady, "Remember about six weeks ago, that red headed housewife that
came in to dance because her husband had been laid off. She was going to lose
her home."

  "Yes, natural red head with a bush the color of a fire engine, we fucked her
brains out. Troy and Roger made her swallow enough piss to float a canoe. She
wasn't bad," responded one of the Pagans, "Squealed like a little pig every time
we stuck a cock up her ass."

  "Right, she was desperate and terrified. She didn't like what we did to her
one little bit. We were her worst nightmare. But Candace Williams was different.
She loved what we did. She got off on it. That's scary man, real fucking scary."




Chapter 12 - Dan's Wish Comes True



Please take note! Adults Only Literature

The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written for
adults only.

If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing this
file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
now.

This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
is purely coincidental, etc.

Copyright 2003

                                                                ****



  "Mr. Williams, Candace called to say she has a media strategy meeting and
won't be home until after 10:00. We're to go ahead and eat supper if that's all
right with you," said Anna Estelle.

   Dan had just arrived from work to find Anna Estelle alone in house except for
Briana. She was busily preparing dinner when he walked into the kitchen. He was
a little later than usual. It was almost 7:00 on a Wednesday night. Candace had
only been working on her election three days. But she was already putting in
fourteen hours a day. Dan had expected it to start much slower.

  "Yes, I missed lunch because my meeting ran over. Let's eat. And please, can
me Dan. It sounds so formal you calling my wife Candace and me Mr. Williams,"
replied Dan.

  "All right, Mr. Williams, I mean Dan. Dan it is," said Anna Estelle smiling at
him.

   "Candace certainly dove right in. I thought it would take a while for her to
get this busy. I hope this election thing goes okay. It's a long shot."

  "Candace will win. I'm sure of that," replied Anna Estelle as she chopped up a
head of iceberg lettuce.

  "I glad you're optimistic. Candace will need all the positive reinforcement
she can get before this over," said Dan taking a good look at Anna Estelle. She
was standing at the kitchen island preparing a salad. She was barefoot, dressed
in athletic shorts and belly shirt. The elastic waistband of the shorts was
folded over a couple of times. But what caught Dan's eyes was the clearly
visible top of a brightly colored thong. When she turned facing the sink he
could see where it disappeared into the crack of her ass. Anna Estelle's fiery
red hair was caught up in a plastic clip that Dan recalled from somewhere was
called a bearclaw.

  She's pretty and sexy as hell thought Dan. Is it really possible for my mouth
to water or is that just an expression? Sexy in the way that only an
eighteen-year-old girl can be. It's that woman-child look that always got my
motor running. And of course, the thong adds to it. Man, I'd like to follow that
with my tongue right down into the crack of her ass.

  Dan recalled how the young girls at his health club were wearing their shorts
rolled over just like Anna Estelle. The result was a waistband several inches
below the navel. The style was for the top of the thong to be clearly visible
above the waistband of the shorts. It was a style that was driving men crazy.

. When she turned back around, Dan had to control himself to keep from staring.
The top of the shorts was a good five inches below her belly button. A good
three inches of the thong covering her pubic area was visible. There was no bra
under that belly shirt and her nipples were making tiny bumps in the material.  
Dan had to fight the urge to walk over, lift the shirt and kiss those tiny
bumps. The shirt was so short; it exposed the very bottom of her boobs. Dan
could just make out the curve of her breasts as she tossed the salad. When she
turned back around and reached up into a kitchen cabinet to get a salad bowl,
one of her butt cheeks peeked out from the bottom of the shorts.

   God I need to either take a cold shower or fuck her right here on the floor
thought Dan.

  "Can I pour you a glass of wine or fix you a drink before dinner?" asked Anna
Estelle.

  "I'm just going to have a beer," said Dan as he opened the refrigerator and
removed a bottle of beer. Dan considered placing the cold bottle on his crotch
to cool himself down but discarded the idea. "If you don't mind, I'll just sit
here while you finish dinner and we can talk."

  "That would be nice. I've been talking with Briana all afternoon and I could
use a little adult conversation," replied Anna Estelle once again flashing him a
smile that caused his heart to skip a beat as it diverted another portion of his
blood supply to his cock.

   If any more blood goes to my dick thought Dan I'm going to pass out.

  "Good, we should probably get to know one another since we're all going to be
living here together," said Dan taking a sip of beer and finding it difficult to
take his eyes off Anna Estelle's body as she moved about the kitchen. Dan
shifted his body to give his hardening cock more room in his trousers.  Dan
resisted the urge to start singing that old Maurice Chevalier favorite, "Thank
Heaven For Little Girls".

  Candace was right about one thing. Anna Estelle is pretty, has a terrific
body, and a beautiful smile. She also makes my dick very hard thought Dan.

  Candace hadn't screwed him since Sunday when she came home from the retreat.
Of course, that night she had fucked him in every position and he had finished
by dumping his load in her ass. Something he had never imagined she'd allow him
to do. He hadn't been so pussy-whipped since high school graduation when he
partied for a week on his parent's houseboat with ten of his classmates.

   You'd think Sunday night's triple fuck would hold me for a while given that
I've been on a once-a-month diet thought Dan. And that was always in the
missionary position with Candace making a practice of staying so still I
occasionally checked for a pulse. Only a necrophiliac could have got off on
that.  Man she was moving Sunday night thought Dan thinking of the way she
squeezed his cock with her pussy and then her asshole. And I loved all the dirty
talk. 

  But that was Sunday and tonight I'm horny again. God, I would love to get a
piece of Anna Estelle thought Dan, I wonder whether I ought to make my move
before I confirm one more time with Candace that the novices were sexually
available.  She said they were but she could have been joking. Can't be true. It
just can't be. What wife arranges for her husband to fuck two beautiful young
girls while she's busy running for Congress?  Screw it; I'm going to try to get
in her pants, even better that skinny little thong she's wearing. I plan to use
my teeth to take that off.

  "Candace tells me you're from Queens, New York," said Dan deciding to be
conversational. Dan recalled the advice of one of his college roommates. Always
be a gentleman, talk to them nice and treat them like a real person, and the
stupid cunts will fuck your brains out.

  "Yes, I was born and raised in a monastery that had the incredibly long name
of Our Lady of Perpetual Sorrow, LPS for short. I went from there to the
Monastery of St. Therese a year ago."

  "So you lived all your life with nuns and priests?" said Dan rather surprised.

  "True until last Monday, now I belong to Candace and serve her."

  "Anna Estelle, you don't belong to anybody, you're an American. But explain
something to me; you said you were born in a monastery. Where were your mother
and father?"

  "My mother was a Sister of Mt. Caramel and my father was a young priest who
seduced her. Sister Elisabeth, my mother, said he took her virginity right on
top of the altar."

  "Wow, how did you find that out? Sorry I don't mean to pry."

  "Oh, its all right. Sister Elisabeth told me. It was part of a ceremony where
several nuns were deflowered at the same time."

  "So your father must have been expelled from the priesthood?"

  "No, not all, he's a cardinal now at the Vatican. He supervises the Holy
Office. He used to visit Sister Elisabeth and me when he had time."

  "So you knew your father."

  "Yes, he would come to Queens and stay at the monastery. He is a very learned
and devout man of the church."

  "So somehow he atoned for getting your mother pregnant."

  "I suppose. Cardinal Berlusconi got Sister Elisabeth pregnant twice more. I
have a baby sister and brother."

  "Well, you've certainly lead an interesting life for an eighteen year old,"
said Dan not knowing what else to make of the fact Anna Estelle's parents were a
cardinal and a nun.

   In spite of his reservations about Candace leaving the house and Briana in
the care of two young girls, Dan had quickly gotten used to having the two
novices around. As Candace had stated they had taken over the household and
child minding chores and everything was running smoothly in the Williams
residence. Both girls seemed to adore Briana and she had immediately taken to
them.

  Candace had been getting back late after he had gone to bed.  Dan's habit was
to get to work early so they had been missing one another.  Monday night he
arrived to find Anna Estelle and Maria Consuela fixing dinner and taking care of
Briana. He had expected to find two rather plain looking girls who barely spoke
above a whisper. However, both were anything but plain. They were also bright,
energetic, and seemed eager to please.

     Candace had been right when she said the novices were quite pretty in
dissimilar ways. He found himself more attracted to Anna Estelle. That was not
surprising given that he had always been drawn to blondes and redheads than
raven-haired Latino girls. But that did not mean he would have kicked Maria
Consuela out of bed. Maria Consuelo seemed the epitome of a hot Latina. She had
a Jennifer Lopez rear end that drew Dan's attention each time it came within
eyesight. But it was Anna Estelle with her Irish colleen red hair, fair skin,
and bright green eyes that attracted him the most.

  "Where's Briana?" asked Dan keeping the conversation rolling.

  "She's already asleep. She had a big day. So I fed her early and read her a
story. Would you like me to wake her up?"

  "No, that fine, let her sleep. And Maria Consuela, where's she tonight?"

  "She's with Candace. Since Maria Consuela has better clerical skills and knows
how to use a computer she will assist Candace in the election and I will
concentrate on taking care of Briana, you, and the household."

  "Well, I hope you don't get bored hanging around the house," said Dan.

  It would have been a pity for her body to be hidden under a nun's habit
thought Dan. Her breasts look perfect and the legs were very good, not to
mention that cute bubble butt which at the moment was sticking out just right
while she looked for something in one of the cabinets under the sink.

  "I'll also help out with the campaign here at home and occasionally, Maria
Consuela will stay home and I will work with Candace. It's very pleasant out
tonight. Would you like to eat by the pool?"

"Yes, that sounds nice," said Dan as he walked over to the refrigerator, took
out a second beer and opened it. "What are we having?"

  "Marinated teriyaki grilled chicken breast, green beans, and wild rice. I made
a key lime pie for dessert. I hope you like it."

  "Sounds great," replied Dan recalling that Candace had described Anna
Estelle's nipples as tiny little buds that were a beautiful shade of pink. Dan
gave a passing thought to what it would be like to suck on those little buds as
he fucked her.

  A half hour later, Dan and Anna Estelle were seated together eating dessert
when Anna Estelle dropped her bombshell. Dan had opened a bottle of Mondavi
Sauvignon Blanc that complemented the meal nicely. Between the two beers and a
glass of wine, he was feeling pretty mellow when she snapped him back to
attention.

  "Oh, I almost forgot. Candace told me to tell you that Bernice Creswell will
be over tomorrow night. However, Candace will not be here and she apologizes for
that. She has a meeting with the group responsible for collecting signatures for
her ballot petition. She wants to know if it will be all right if I substitute
for her in the three way."

  "I'm not sure I understand. Why is Bernice Creswell coming here?"

  "It's my understanding that you accepted Candace's offer to have sex with
Bernice and her at the same time. That's called a three way or a three some.
Candace apologizes that she has other commitments and cannot be present when
Bernice arrives tomorrow night. She wanted to know if I could substitute for her
or you could have Maria Consuela if you prefer. Bernice also mentioned on the
phone that she could bring an experienced submissive if you want. "

  "Just so I am clear about this. You mean three way sex?"

  "Yes, are there other kinds of three ways?"

  "Yes, No, I just wanted to make sure we were all on the same page. Could you
go over that again?"

  "I discussed everything with Bernice over the phone. She felt in spite of my
inexperience I could serve as a BDS&M submissive. I'm not anywhere near as
experienced as Bernice but I'm eager to learn.  Bernice would like to start out
tomorrow with some mild sado-masochism. She's bringing some restraints and a
variety of whips and paddles. I'll be the slave. Bernice also said she would
bring some clamps for my nipples and a ball gag to keep me from making too much
noise when I am punished. We can use the basement for play space. I will act the
part of the pain slut. If you prefer someone else due to my limited experiences,
I'll understand."

  "No, you're more than acceptable. And how are you ever going to gain
experience if you don't participate."

 "Thank you, Dan. I'm really looking forward to my first BDS&M experience. I get
very excited when I think about being spanked and whipped," said Anna Estelle,
"I promise to let you punish me as much as you want. I warned Bernice that I'm a
screamer so she's bringing a ball gag that will keep me quiet."

  "You said your experience is limited. I gather that means you haven't had many
sexual partners," said Dan unsure of how to respond to Anna Estelle's obvious
enthusiasm for participating in heavy-duty sado-masochism.

  "Just Candace and Maria Consuela, and a demon from Hell at Mass last Saturday
night," answered Anna Estelle.

  "A demon, he made love to you but he didn't leave his number or send flowers,"
quipped Dan?

   Dan had decided that Candace was playing some kind of weird joke on him about
what happened at the retreat. It had begun with her adopting his idea that
aliens from Zed-316 had kidnapped the real Candace. Dan didn't doubt that
Candace had brought the novices in on the joke and they were going to continue
to tell him wild untrue supernatural stories.

  "It was dark. He bent me over the altar rail and took me from behind. His cock
was hard as stone and twisted. His cruel hands held me so I couldn't move a
muscle. I though he was going to rip my nipples off when he grabbed them in his
claws. His long tongue reached around my face and lapped my ears and mouth. I
didn't get a good look at him because it was dark and he stayed behind me. His
cock went so deep inside me it hurt my womb. It didn't last long but his sperm
burned inside my body for hours."

  "And what was Candace doing while you were having sex with this demon?"

  "She was having sex with Lucifer himself. Candace is the chosen one. She is
the bride of the Master."

  "How about you? Did you have sex with Lucifer?"

  "No, only Candace is the chosen one. I suppose my partner was one of Hell's
lesser demons. Still, He was enormously strong and his long curved cock
stretched me to where I felt I was about to rip. I screamed when he took me. I'm
sorry but I couldn't make out many details. The same thing happened to Maria
Consuela. She said her demon was covered in fur and that it felt like sandpaper
when she rubbed against it."

  "So you're not a virgin."

  "No, Candace removed my hymen Friday night."

  "How did she do that?"

  "With her fingernails, she split it open and then scraped it from the walls of
my vagina and ate it. She also took Maria Consuela's virginity but she used a
double ended dildo to do that."

  "So I guess I'll be the first male member of the human species that you have
sex with," said Dan.

  "Yes, and I'm very much looking forward to it," replied Anna Estelle with a
smile that seemed terribly genuine.

   I think she's actually looking forward to fucking me thought Dan wondering
how to change the subject. Dan realizing he was getting into more of the Zed-316
conversation and that since it made absolutely no sense he decided not to pursue
the topic. Candace must have coached the girls to keep this silly story alive.
He decided to relax and just accept the new regimen that Candace so obviously
controlled.

"It's a beautiful night, there's the Big Dipper and over there's Orion's Belt,"
said Dan pointed toward the sky to change the subject to something that made
sense to him.

  "If you like, we could have sex after dessert and you could make sure I'm
doing everything in the way you prefer. One of my priorities from Candace is to
learn how to please you."

  "All right but let's make tonight special. After all the rough sex you've had
lately, I want tonight to be different," said Dan deciding he wanted to take it
slow. He felt a fatherly urge to be tender with this woman child and make
tonight a good experience for her.

  "That would be wonderful. Candace said you would be a good teacher and a
terrific lover. Maria Consuela's also very anxious to have sex with you."

  "Good, tonight let's pretend we're lovers. This will be our first time with
one another. It should be slow, warm, sensitive and very passionate," said Dan.

  "I'm not very experienced. You'll have to show me what to do."

  "Agreed, I will impart all my knowledge about what a woman should do to please
a man. We're going to make love in a manner I haven't done it in years. There
will be other times when I'll come home from work and just want a quickie. Then
I'll tell you or Maria Consuela to bend over and grab your ankles," said Dan
reaching across the table to hold Anna Estelle's hand. Dan considered himself
joking about the ankle thing.

  "You mean like this?" asked Anna Estelle standing up and turning around then
slowly pushing down her shorts and bending over to grab her ankles. Her
delicious thong clad bottom was facing Dan and even in the dark he could see
where the thong disappeared into the crack of her ass only to emerge down ass
crack to cradle her pussy. Dan could have sworn he detected even in the
semi-dark, a narrow band of wetness across the material that covered her vagina.

   Dan resisted the urge to stand up, grab Anna Estelle's hips, pull the thong
to one side and ram his cock in to his balls. Next time, I'll just fuck her
straight out thought Dan.

  "Yes, like that but tonight let's take our time," said Dan.

  "I need to clear the dishes and straighten the kitchen. This will take a few
minutes," said Anna Estelle kicking off her shorts leaving herself dressed in
shirt and panties.

  "All right, I'll freshen up, pour us a cognac and relax out here while you
finish," replied Dan.

  Dan went into the house and took a long beer piss. His cock was hard and he
stroked it as he peed. Dan realized the head of his dick was sticky with sweat
and pre-cum. He decided to wash up. He lathered up a washrag and began to wash
his privates. He relaxed as the warm wet rag caressed his balls and cock.

  "Might as well get you ready for her virgin mouth and oh yea, she wants it up
the ass, so be prepared to stir some shit, my man," whispered Dan to his cock as
he washed it.

   Man, is she is eager to please thought Dan. I bet I can get her to rim me. I
need a little butt sucking just like Candace did Sunday night. Man there is
nothing like having a girl's mouth and tongue working your asshole. I'm going to
eat some pussy tonight. I haven't done that in years.

  Dan slowly worked a soapy washcloth-covered digit in his anus pretending it
was Anna Estelle tongue.

   "I'm going to suck the juice right out of your demon fucking cunt," whispered
Dan to his image in the mirror, "I'm going to eat the devil's own cream pie that
he left in there when he fucked your sweet pussy."

  Dan laughed at the absurdity of his remarks and dried off then freshened his
cologne. He proceeded to the stereo where he put a Diana Krall CD, "Live In
Paris" in the player. It was mostly slow love songs written decades ago. Diana
had a very warm sexy voice and was a leading jazz vocalist. Dan had bought the
album two months ago in hopes that it might set a romantic mood that would
loosen Candace up. At the time, she told him she preferred religious music and
she had never listened to it. He queued the CD and pushed the control button to
switch the sound to the speakers mounted under the patio roof. He poured two
snifters of cognac from the bar and returned to the patio. Anna Estelle was
still in the kitchen. He could hear her loading the dishwasher. Dan took a drink
of cognac, looked up at the stars, and thought about the recent changes in the
Williams household in the context of his own life.

  Dan decided that his sex life has been feast followed by a long famine. Now
apparently I'm back to feast thought Dan. It was certainly feast before I met
Candace. But when she came into my life, love arrived and sex disappeared or
only appeared once a month and that wasn't the greatest. Six years of married
famine seemed accurate to Dan. All of a sudden, I'm back to a feast with an
incredible horny wife, two sexy highly willing teens for my everyday pleasure
and a dominatrix named Bernice scheduled for tomorrow night. Yes, it's
definitely back to feast.

  Since Sunday night, Dan had given some thought to his sexual marathon with
Candace. It was the dirty talk that troubled him, especially Candace and he
playing the nasty mother and son roles. Of course at the time, it had gotten him
hot as a Mexican firecracker but afterwards when he had time to think, he began
to wonder.

  Of course, he hadn't done that with his own mother; but Aunt Carol was another
matter. It was Aunt Carol and her family that began the feast. Could Candace
know that Aunt Carol used to make him pretend to call her mother when they had
sex? It was hard to believe since Candace had only met Dan's Aunt Carol and
Uncle Mike once and that had been at their wedding six years ago.

  But the role-playing of mom and son having sex brought back a flood of sexual
memories. The fantasy was abetted by the fact that Dan's mother and Aunt Carol
were identical twins. In spite of the fact that Dan had been stoned, he
remembered the conversation when Aunt Carol explained what she wanted him to do.

  "When you jerk off at night, do you ever imagine your fucking Kay," said Aunt
Carol as the two of them were lying there in bed after they had just sex.

  "God no, she's my mother," replied thirteen year old Dan.

  "Don't be a little prig, after all you just fucked your aunt, it's normal for
a boy to fantasize fucking his mom," replied Aunt Carol reaching down to take
his cock in her hand.

  "Well, maybe, Mom's pretty hot for her age," said Dan.

  "I should throw you out of my bed and make you sleep on the floor. Hot for her
age, since I was born twelve minutes earlier, I guess I'm still within your
limits," said Aunt Carol giving his balls a painful squeeze and holding on to
them.

  "Ouch, that hurts, let go," yelled Dan.

  "Not until you admit you'd loved to fuck Kay," replied Aunt Carol squeezing a
little harder.

  "Okay, you win, I do imagine I'm fucking mom when I jerk off. You're crushing
my balls," said Dan.

  "Look at me, Daniel, look straight at me, directly into my eyes, this is
important," said Aunt Carol relaxing her grip.

  "Okay, I'm looking."

  "I look just like your Mother. Kay and I are still the same weight, same hair
style, people still mistake us for one another, right?"

  "Yes, that's true. It's hard to tell you apart."

  "So when you're fucking me, we're both going to pretend I'm Kay. In fact we're
going to do that right now. Tell your Mother how much her little boy Danny wants
to lick his cum out of her nasty pussy."

  Later, Aunt Carol made him to agree to call Uncle Mike father. That had been
the start of his two-year sojourn into the strange and bizarre sexual world of
his Aunt and Uncle. 

  I've never told anyone about the things I did with Aunt Carol and Uncle Mike
and Sally their daughter. Nor have I ever told Candace about the family secret I
discovered while living with my aunt and uncle. No one can ever know that.

   Dan recalled it was the summer before his freshman year in high school when
his father accepted a two-year assignment in Saudi Arabia. Dan's father was a
petroleum engineer employed by Shell Oil. His mother taught high school in
Philadelphia and Shell Oil arranged for her to have a high paying position at
the American School in Ridayh.

  His parents decided that Dan, an only child, would stay in the US and attend
high school. Dan's mother's twin sister Carol and her husband eagerly agreed
that Dan could stay with them in their home in Santa Barbara, California while
Dan's parents were working overseas.

   Dan overheard his parents discussing their plans. Some months before, he'd
learned that the heating ducts in the basement worked as a perfect conduit of
conversations and sounds coming from his parent's bedroom. He was seated on a
bench near the oil furnace stroking his cock. His parents were just finishing up
their regular Sunday afternoon lovemaking.

  "Whew, that was terrific. You're still the best fuck ever to graduate Santa
Barbara High School," said Dan's father Roger.

  "Better than Diane Ragsdale? I recall you thought she was pretty hot," said
Dan's mom Kay.

  "Her pussy was so loose that after the first fuck you couldn't feel a thing
when your cock was inside her snatch, it was flop city," said Roger.

   "That was from overuse, so why did you fuck her every day after school our
junior year if it was so bad?" said Kay.

  "Just to get back at you, you were so busy screwing Tommy and Louis Conover
you were ignoring me," said Roger.

  "I was just trying to make you jealous. Of course the fact that Louis Conover
had the largest cock in Santa Barbara HS made it fun. You know Diane was fucking
around behind your back. She pulled a train at Betty Staple's party after the
prom. Carol and I watched her fuck eight guys. She was out of her mind on LSD.
You'd passed out from drinking eight shots of tequila trying to keep up with
your buddy Ed," said Kay.

  "I didn't care who Diane fucked as long as she hustled her tail out to my van
in the school parking lot right after last period. Besides she gave great head
even though as I said lacking firmness in her well-used vagina.  Ed and I
doubled teamed her a few times. Girl loved to have cock in both ends," said
Roger. "If you keep doing that I'm going to screw you again."

  "That's the idea. Think Dan's going to be all right?" asked Kay, "Sometimes I
worry that he'll get in trouble in La-La land. Things are much more permissive
out there. We should know since we grew up in Santa Barbara. Saudi Arabia is so
far away if anything happened."

  "He'll be fine. Dan's very mature and responsible for his age. Mike and Carol
will make sure he behaves. I talked to Mike and he's looking forward to having
Dan as a fishing buddy," said Roger.

  "I told Dan about that. He's eager to learn to trout fish and Mike's one of
the best to learn from. Let's quit worrying. Carol and Mike are doing fine
parenting Sally. Carol told me Sally played Chopin's Polonaise at the San
Francisco Youth Philharmonic concert this past spring and got a standing
ovation. Sally's developing into a first rate concert pianist," said Kay.

  "Sally is a year older than Dan. I hope they get along. You know how teenagers
are today, " said Roger.

  "I imagine no where near as wild as we were. When I think about all the crazy
things the three of us did," said Kay.

  "We sold some serious wild oats. Carol more than any of us," said Roger.

  "Yes, Mom and Dad were ready to throw up their hands and call it quits more
than once. But when she met Mike in college, everything calmed down," said Kay,
"Still I wish Dan could come with us."

  "So do I but Ridayh is no place for a teenage American boy these days, too
many terrorists, American haters, nut cases. It's only two years. When we get
back, they've promised me a vice presidency. We'll be set for life."

  "I know. Overseas refinery experience is key to your career at Shell. I just
wish Carol and Mike had moved away from Santa Barbara. You don't thing there's
anyway Dan might find out about us?" asked Kay.

  "That was over twenty years ago. Nobody even knows, let alone remembers. Quit
worrying. I know how to take your mind off this. Scoot down and show me how you
used to suck Louis Conover's monster dick I keep hearing so much about," said
Roger.

 "I'd love to but Louis was so big, I couldn't get it in my mouth, All I could
do was lick its enormous, hot, sticky, red head like this while I tickled his
asshole," said Kay. 

  "Oh yes, put your finger in my butt, now give me your best head and if you're
good, I'll eat your cream pie," said Roger.

  Dan hadn't heard the term cream pie before at least in the way his father used
it but he had a good idea what his Dad was doing based on the slurping sounds
coming through the ducts. More importantly, Dan wondered what it was his parents
were worried he might find out. As far as he knew they were boring upper middle
class Americans who paid their taxes, went to work, and occasionally jerked off
while watching porn on the large screen television in their bedroom located in
an upscale neighborhood on Philadelphia's Main Line.

   Several days later, Dan unaccompanied boarded an airliner for a flight to LAX
then transferred to a commuter flight that landed at the small Santa Barbara
airport where his aunt, uncle, and cousin met him at the gate.  Dan's Uncle by
marriage, Mike Trent, was a successful real estate developer responsible for
many large Southern California projects. His family had major interests in
apartment complexes, shopping centers, and wineries throughout California. The
Trent home in wealthy Santa Barbara was large enough that Dan had his own
bedroom, bath, and study. Dan set to work unpacking the boxes that he had sent
ahead. He quickly settled in.

  Dan had not seen his cousin Sally for three years. Sally similar to many
fourteen-year-old girls was fighting a weight problem. Aunt Carol was like his
mom. She was tall and slender with long sexy legs and small breasts. Uncle Mike
was shorter than his wife and extremely hairy except for his scalp that was
almost completely bald.  He was a rotund energetic little man with a dark tan.
He always seemed to be either just starting or ending a call on his mobile
phone. He did make a point of assuring Dan he was very serious about teaching
him to fish for trout.

  "Idaho trout season starts in six weeks. I've arranged for you and I to be
there the first day of the season," said Uncle Mike enthusiastically on the ride
from the airport.

  "That'll be great, Uncle Mike. Dad says you're one of the best fly fisherman
in the country," responded Dan who was genuinely interested in fly fishing,
something his own father knew absolutely nothing about and had zero interest in.

  "It's my hobby. My dad is better than me. We'll be going with a different
group than I fish with when I take Sally. These guys know where the big ones
are," said Mike.

  "Dan, you can have the fishing. Trout are slimy and so are Dad's buddies,"
said Sally unhappily.

  "Aw, sweetheart, it wasn't so bad, was it?" asked Mike.

  Dan watched as Sally thought of saying something then thought better of it.
"I'm sure Dan will get more out of it than I did," said Sally ending the
conversation.

  As soon as Dan got settled, his aunt confided in him about Sally.

  "Sally's very gifted musically but socially she's a little behind where she
ought to be. She's sensitive about her size, especially her bust. That must come
from Mike's side of the family. You mother and I are 34B. Poor Sally's already a
36D and if she doesn't watch what she puts in her mouth, she'll be even bigger
by the time school starts."

  "Girls with large chests take a lot of kidding in my school in Philadelphia,"
replied Dan uncertain of how to deal with his aunt confiding in him about
Sally's knockers.

  "I think if she had a wider circle of friends and varied her interests, weight
would quit being a problem. I keep telling her that she spends so much time
practicing her piano she never has time for friends and socializing. Mike and I
would be so grateful if you made an effort to include her when you can. Kay
tells me you're one of the most popular boys in your school and a born leader,"
said Aunt Carol placing her hand on his knee for emphasis.

  "Sure, Aunt Carol, I'll do everything I can to include Sally. I think she's a
great girl."

  "That would be so sweet of you. I know I'm asking a lot but I'm a mother and
Sally's my baby. I just wish she were more like you, Daniel. You look so firm
and fit. We've arranged for you to attend our health club. Sinead will be your
personal trainer," said Aunt Carol giving Dan's thigh a squeeze. Years later,
Dan would recall how he missed the subtle signal that day about what his Aunt
Carol really wanted.

   The next morning after breakfast, Dan swam two miles worth of laps in the
Trent pool, something not available to him in Philadelphia except at the YMCA.
When he emerged, he found Sally lying face down on a lounger taking the sun.
Sally in Dan's view wasn't that overweight. She just favored her father's side
of the family. Sally was wearing a string bikini that exposed most of her butt
cheeks. Dan walked over to the lounger beside Sally's and threw himself down.

  "You're a good swimmer," said Sally not raising up.

  "Thanks, having a lap pool like this in your own home is great. I have to go
to the Y to swim at home. I was on the team back in Philadelphia. I hear Santa
Barbara has a good swim team," said Dan.

  "I suppose. Would you mind putting some cream on my back?" asked Sally.

  "Sure, where do I start," asked Dan picking up a large tube of SPF 12 off a
nearby table. Dan found the thought of touching Sally's skin simulative. He
reminded himself she was his cousin.

  "Ankles and work up, try not to streak," said Sally.

  Dan carefully rubbed the coconut smelling lotion onto Sally's calves then the
back of her knees and the back of her thighs. He hesitated when he reached her
buttocks. Sensing his hesitation, Sally reached back and pushed the bikini
material into the crack of her ass.

  "I know it's huge and will take the entire tube to cover," said Sally with a
touch of bitterness.

  "Listen, I think they're great. I mean your butt's just fine. I like girls..."
said Dan.

  "Yea, you like girls with a big ass cause you're a butt boy. So what are you
waiting for, butt boy," asked Sally.

  "I just meant I think you're pretty," said Dan.

  "Good, then go ahead and rub that shit all over my pretty ass, butt boy," said
Sally.

  Dan squeezed a ribbon of lotion on Sally's cheek and began to work the lotion
around.

  "Get it as far into my butt crack as you got the nerve to go. I should have
worn a thong or just gone nude. Mom keeps saying that tan lines are just not
Santa Barbara," said Sally spreading her legs wider as once more she reached
back to push more of the small bikini bottom into her butt crease.

  Dan's breath was coming faster as he worked the lotion over Sally's globes.

  "You must be a real butt boy. I can hear you breathing back there like an out
of breath rotweiler," said Sally.

  "Sorry, this is a first for me," said Dan.

  "First time you ever touched a girl's rear, next you'll tell me you're a
virgin," said Sally.

  "I'm only thirteen," said Dan. "Here, let me do your back."

  "Ever kissed a girl, really kissed her using your tongue?" asked Sally, "Untie
me."

  "Yea, sure, many times, at make-out parties," said Dan pulling one end of the
material to untie the bowknot in the center of Sally's back.

  "Ever felt a girl's boobs?" asked Sally.

  "Yes, once," answered Dan finding himself turned on by the conversation.

  "Clothes or meat?"

  "What," asked Dan?

  "Did you touch them on the outside of her clothes or did you actually touch
her flesh, you know, twist her nipples causing her to scream with pleasure,"
asked Sally.

  "Lois unbuttoned her blouse and let me slip my hand inside her bra. I touched
her nipple but I don't recall whether she screamed with pleasure, she did moan a
little but then our time was up in the closet and we had to go back with the
others," said Dan.

  "Lois, huh, so you're a kiss-and-tell kind of guy. I suppose the next day you
went to school and told all your buddies how you felt Lois up and how hot her
tits got when you pawed her," said Sally.

  "No, it wasn't like that at all. I only told you because you don't know her
and she's back in Philadelphia," said Dan with a little heat in his voice.

  "Sorry, I'm being a bitch. You're going to have to get used to that since
you're living with us. Okay, nothing below the waist, Lois didn't let you grab
her crotch as you rounded third base. Oh, yea, that feels good on my shoulders,
you've got strong hands," said Sally stretching her body as Dan's hands massaged
the tops of her shoulders.

  "No, never made third base with Lois or anybody else," said Dan.

  "I'll give you high marks for honesty. Most of the assholes in my class, claim
they were deflowered at the age of nine by a sexy au pair," said Sally.

  "I guess I've got some catching up to do," said Dan putting the top back on
the tube of sun tan lotion and wiping his hands on a towel.

  "Santa Barbara and the Trent residence is an especially good place to do
that," said Sally.

  "So you're not one," said Dan.

  "Not one what?" said Sally.

  "A virgin," said Dan.

  "I knew that was what you meant. I was just playing you," said Sally, "Nope,
afraid not, done my share of boys, girls, and small animals."

  "Now, who's bull shitting who? You've done things with girls and animals? Did
your sexy au pair have a poodle?"

  "You're clever. That's a bad trait in a lover. I'll like you better if you
play dumb," said Sally.

  "Listen, maybe I better go swim some more laps. I was just trying to be nice
and get to know you better," said Dan.

  "No, stay, I'm sorry, I'll be good," said Sally.

  "We could talk about something beside our sexual history. Besides piano, what
do you like to do," said Dan?

  "No, let's get sex out of the way. I know a funny quote about women and men
getting to know each other better," said Sally.

  "Tell me," said Dan.

  "Men get to know women in order to fuck them. Women fuck men in order to get
to know them."

  "Now who's being clever," said Dan.

  "Did rubbing sun tan lotion on my butt make you hard," asked Sally.

  "Yes," said Dan.

  "Is everyone in Philadelphia as honest as you are?"

   "No, I'm an exception to the norm," said Dan.

  "Let's see how really honest you are. Have you ever let a guy touch your
penis? Now, don't lie, tell the truth. Name the six other guys in your last
circle jerk, after all, you've already ratted out Lois," said Sally laughing.

  "Hey, most guys do a little of that. It doesn't make you a queer," said Dan.

  "Don't say queer too loud in California. They're everywhere. I think the pool
boy is a fag. I can't get him to look at my tits. Let's prove you're not queer.
I know a test," said Sally.

  "What," asked Dan?

  "I'll show you my boobs. You push down your Speedo and show me a hard cock,"
said Sally.

  "I don't know," hesitated Dan.

  "So you must be queer, who was the last guy to cornhole you?"

  "Tom, shit, I didn't mean to say that," said Dan.

  "How'd it feel? Make you all squirmy inside?" asked Sally.

  "It hurt at first. God I can't believe we're having this conversation," said
Dan.

  "Here's mine, now show me yours," said Sally turning over to show Dan her
breasts.

  "Somebody will see us," said Dan looking back toward the house then
immediately back at Sally's large breasts.

  "No, they can't. The tree blocks the view on this side of the pool," said
Sally.

  "They've very beautiful," said Dan still staring hard at Sally's large
breasts.

  "Mom says they are hideously huge. She wants me to have breast reduction
surgery," said Sally as she pulled on her nipples.

  "I think they're gorgeous just as they are," said Dan wanting to lick his
lips.

  "You're sweet, go ahead pretend I'm Lois, cop a feel," said Sally moving her
boobs closer to Dan in an offering.

  Dan cautiously reached his hand forward.

  "Go ahead, they won't bite," said Sally.

  Dan's hand reached and placed his fingers on the tip of Sally's breast.

  "Your next move is to take my nipple between your thumb and fore finger and
gently roll it back and forth as you give it a little squeeze, don't pinch,"
said Sally.

  "Like that?" asked Dan as he closed his fingers around Sally's large soft
nipple that was quickly showing signs of firmness. Sally moaned.

  "That was for real. I love to have my nipples tweaked. Now show me your cock,"
said Sally.

    Dan gave a cautious look around to see if anyone was watching then he pushed
the front part of his bathing suit down. His full erect cock sprung out. Dan
didn't move as Sally reached across the chaise and took his penis in her hand.

  "Ooh, I guess you're not a fag, that's not bad for a young man of only
thirteen summers," said Sally hefting his hard cock then slowly stroking it.

  "I'm definitely not gay," said Dan.

  "But by your own admission, you've been recently butt fucked and although it
hurt at first, it felt good by the time, Tom, I think you said Tom, splashed his
seed in your rectum, right," asked Sally.

  "Anything you say," replied Dan overcome by the sensations of Sally's warm
hand massaging his cock. Her hand was covered in sun tan lotion and it was
sliding easily up and down the length of his cock. Sally used her fingers to
sensuously squeeze his balls before returning to fast then slow stroking of his
fully erect penis.

  "Close your eyes and think the most horrible disgusting thoughts about us
while I wank you off," said Sally stroking Dan's cock faster.

  "What kind of thoughts," asked Dan shutting his eyes?

  "Your usual masturbatory fantasies, rape, torture, branding my breasts with a
red hot iron, stretching my naked body on a rack while you fuck me in the ass,
cumming in my mouth, whatever turns you on," said Sally.

  It was only a matter of moments before Dan climaxed. When he opened his eyes
and looked down, there were several tiny puddles of semen splattered on the
white concrete beside the lounger.

  "Was that as good for you as it was for me, uhm, yummy," asked Sally licking
semen of the side of her fingers.

  "Thanks," said Dan easing his softening cock back into his bathing suit.

  "You owe me a fuck, Dan, you climaxed, I didn't," said Sally.

  "Is there somewhere we can go," asked Dan looking around.

  "I can see that although you're still a virgin, you're ready to screw me.
Sorry, stud, we'll have to wait until 2:00PM this afternoon when Mother goes to
the club for her tennis lesson. She's been taking lessons for a year and still
plays like shit. I think the only lesson, Doug is giving requires her to be on
her back with her legs in the air," said Sally.

  "Where," asked Dan?

  "Over the garage is the chauffeur's apartment. At the moment, we're between
chauffeurs. Daddy fired the last one for stealing," said Sally.

  "Okay, 2:00PM over the garage," said Dan getting up to leave.

  "I just jerked you off and I don't even get a kiss," said Sally.

  "Sorry," said Dan leaning down to kiss Sally. They intertwined their tongues.
Dan's hand gently felt Sally's breast as they kissed.

  "Bigger than Lois's," asked Sally.

  "Yes, bigger but also better in every way," said Dan.

  "I think you're going to enjoy the next two years. Take my advice and just go
with the flow," said Sally.

  "See you at 2:00PM," said Dan starting to walk away.

   "Hey Dan," said Sally using a towel to wipe up Dan's semen from the concrete.
"If you want to be a Santa Barbara stud, you got to remember to hide your pecker
tracks." Sally threw the towel toward him. 

  "Sorry," said Dan catching the towel.

 Dan was seated in the living room reading when Aunt Carol came in and announced
she was leaving for her 2:30PM lesson at the club. Dan felt his cock twitch when
she bent over to pick up and say good-bye to Homer, the Trent's Jack Russell
Terrier. The short tennis skirt exposed her white panties and Dan was able to
see the parallel indentations that indicated left labia, right labia and the
precious in between. Aunt Carol gave Dan a very warm good-bye kiss.

  "Mike and I are just so glad you're staying with us. How are you and Sally
doing?" asked his aunt her arm still around his neck. One of her long bare legs
was touching his bare leg sending electricity through his body.

  "We sort of got acquainted at the pool this morning. I think everything will
be fine," said Dan.

  "Good, I told Mike that we could count on you," said Aunt Carol kissing him
full on the lips one more time.

  Dan watched his aunt's car disappear down the driveway then hurried to climb
the steps to the garage apartment. When he opened the door, he immediately
smelled the odor of marijuana. He had only smoked marijuana twice before but the
odor was unmistakable. His best friend Tom had supplied the joints. Both times
after they got high, Dan wound up on all fours with his butt pointed straight up
while Tom sodomised him. Afterwards, Tom had had given him a blowjob.

  "It'll keep us from going bonkers until we can get some regular poontang," was
how Tom justified their homosexual acts.

  Sally was laying back on the couch with her feet resting on the coffee table.
There was a smoldering water bong between her feet, the source of the odor that
Dan smelled when he opened the door. Except for a cream color robe that was
untied and open, Sally was nude. Dan's thirteen-year-old eyes fastened on the
symbol formed by Sally's well-manicured pubic hair. One of Sally's hands was
slowly stroking between her legs while the other was holding a cell phone to her
ear. Sally stopped masturbating for a moment and motioned for Dan to enter the
room.

  "I've got to go, Faye, my 2:00PM fuck just arrived," said Sally into the cell
phone.

  "Okay, you slut, I'll tell him."

  "Take your clothes off," said Sally to Dan. Dan pulled his shirt over his head
then pushed his shorts down his legs leaving only his athletic supporter.

  "Of course, it's cut. You've been fucking too many Mexicans. No, he's still
got his jock strap on. I told you I saw it this morning when I jerked him off.
No, not yet, God you are such a slut, Give me a second, you'll owe me for this,"
Sally continued the phone conversation as she motioned for Dan to come closer.
When Dan got within her reach, Sally grabbed the waistband of the supporter and
pulled Dan to where he was between her legs directly in her front.

   She liberated Dan's cock from the supporter. It sort of sprung out of the
spandex material. The sight of the naked Sally had gotten him hard.

  "Listen," said Sally to the phone. She held the mobile telephone close to the
side of her mouth as she took Dan's cock in her mouth and began to noisily suck
on it. Dan got hard as a rock almost instantly. Sally was moaning and making
loud sucking sounds as she worked on his cock. Dan watched in amazement as Sally
held the phone a foot away from the side of her face, glanced in the display and
pressed a button. There was a small flash then another then a third.

  Sally took Dan's cock out of her mouth and licked the underside as another
flash occurred.

  Sally stopped sucking Dan's cock and resumed her conversation.

  "You get the pictures?" asked Sally into the phone.

  "Six, close to seven, I didn't bring a ruler. Some of us aren't total 7/24
whores."

  "Yea, it is big, big enough for that tight little pussy hole of yours. He's
thirteen. It should be a whopper when he's sixteen. Well as my Mom says, he's a
Williams and they're all hung like that. Yea, I'll share, Okay, I'll ask him,"
said Sally to the phone.

  "This is my very best friend Faye. She's down in Puerto Vallarta on vacation
with her folks. She wants to know if you'll fuck her when you she gets back."

  "Yea, sure," replied Dan.

  "He said sure. Should I tell him you're a 275-pound 5'2" Latina that's HIV+
with a hairy mole the size of a silver dollar on your cheek or should we
surprise him?" said Sally.

  "I will, slut, got to run. Somebody has to deflower the last thirteen-year-old
male virgin in Philadelphia and it might as well be me. I already told you that.
He's cherry. This morning was just a hand job. No, we haven't had vaginal
intercourse. I was saving that for this afternoon, and no I won't wait till you
get back," said Sally into the phone.

  Sally handed Dan the water bong. Sally pointed to a lighter on the table. She
almost absent-mindedly took Dan's cock in his hand and began stroking it as she
talked.

  "Yea, bring your strap on. He's been cornholed before. It was by his best
buddy, Tommy or somebody.  When you get here, he'll tell you all about it.
You'll have to be nice and use K-Y so it doesn't hurt. He's family. Absolutely
got to go before he pops all over my hand. See you next week. Okay, I'll call
you later and tell you all about it. Bye," said Sally hanging up to end the
call."

  "Faye's going to jerk off to the pictures I sent her of me sucking your cock.
You get to meet her next week. Want to smoke while we screw?"

  "Yea, that'd be great," said Dan using the lighter to light the marijuana in
the bowl of the bong.

  "Why don't you kneel down and slide it in. We'll pass the bong back and forth
as we fuck," said Sally.

  Dan kneeled between Sally's legs. She reached forward taking his cock in her
hand. She used the other hand to part her labia and hold open her vagina. She
pulled Dan forward to where the head of his cock rested in the opening of
Sally's vagina.

  "Shit, we should have arranged for a drum roll, this being your big moment,"
said Sally.

  Dan deciding that he had listened to enough bullshit shoved himself forward
causing his cock to penetrate about two inches inside Sally's tight pussy. Sally
grunted. Dan felt a lot of friction.

  "Sorry, I'm a little dry, periods coming tomorrow or the next day, take your
cock out and spit on it," advised Sally.

  Dan being practical, spit in his hand then rubbed it on the head of his cock.
On the second attempt, he sunk his peter in Sally's snatch as far as it would
reach.

  "Oh fuck, yes, that feels good, smile," said Sally.

   Dan's eyes saw a hot white spot as Sally shot another image, this time of
Dan's face. She held up the phone display for Dan to view.

  "Recorded for all time, Daniel Scott Williams of Philadelphia, PA has just
lost his virginity to the hungry cunt of his first cousin, Sally Wayne Trent of
Santa Barbara, CA. Sally is the daughter of Carol Williams Trent, community cunt
licker and blow job specialist, and Michael Wayne Trent, pedophile and
owner/manager of Trent Properties. Daniel is the son of Kay and Roger Williams,
currently of Ridayh, Saudi Arabia where Roger is training sand niggers to suck
oil out of the ground. Let's put that on the deflowering announcement, print a
thousand engraved copies, and mail them to friends and family," said Sally.

  "I think you're the funniest girl I ever met," said Dan as he enjoyed the
sensations of slowly thrusting his cock in and out of his cousin's pussy. Dan
kissed Sally.

  "You are just full of complements," said Sally rather obviously pleased with
Dan's response.

  "All right, recess is over, time for some serious fucking, you go in deep, I
squeeze your cock, you pull out, repeat till one of us pops his cork," said
Sally.

   She repositioned herself on the couch leaning back to raise her legs and lock
her ankles behind Dan's buttocks. Dan passed her the bong and she took a deep
draw then placed her mouth over Dan's and slowly breathed the marijuana smoke
into Dan's mouth. As Dan inhaled his cousin's breath, their tongues met and
intertwined.

  "Oh fuck, how embarrassing, I'm going to cum first and you're company,"
announced Sally as she wrapped Dan in a death embrace and ground her clit
against his pubic bone. "Oh shit, oh damn, oh motherfucker, there must be
something about fucking relatives that makes it so damn hot," said Sally writing
against him.

  "Pop me again, you can get rougher if you like, when I cum, dig your
fingernails into my boobs," said Sally relaxing her grip on Dan and reclining to
where she could raise her legs and place them on top of Dan's shoulders.

  Dan pumped into Sally faster and faster. Inside of a few moments, she was
building to another climax.

  "Oh yea, one more fucking time, stud, one more fucking time, fuck my pussy and
make me cum," yelled Sally as she reached another loud orgasm. "That's two, take
me to three and I'll suck your dick and let you fuck me in the ass."

  Dan resumed his stroking. He recalled something he'd seen a porn actor do in a
movie that he and Tom had watched. He reached around Sally's waist and took the
half globes of her ass and gripped them hard, pulling them apart. He worked his
groin against Sally's clit than gave her ten fast half thrusts each time using
her cheeks as handles to grind her against him.

  "You fuck too good to be a virgin or you've read and absorbed a sex manual,"
said Sally who had grabbed her nipples and was pulling and twisting them. Dan
noticed that Sally had dug her own fingernails deep into the flesh of her
nipples, so deep that when she released them, Dan could see a dark red half moon
where the nail pressed down.

  "You're my first," said Dan.

  "I guess we should have a bronze cast of your dick made and inscribed with our
names and the date. Oh that feels good, your right on top my G-spot, hold still
and let me move, oh baby, that's how Sally likes her peter, just right there,
hold it, hold it, oh yea, stab my pussy right there, stab it hard, can you feel
that rough place in the top of my cunt," asked Sally,

  "Yes, it's right there," said Dan using the tip of his cock to nudge the spot
of flesh that felt slightly stiffer and coarser than the surrounding tissue.

  "That's my special place. Fuck into it," said Sally.

  Dan had one more trick he learned watching porn with Tom. He licked the
fingers of one hand then he reached that hand to where his index finger touched
Sally's anus. He rubbed his wet fingertip across her puckered muscle several
times then gently pushed the ball of his finger into the opening.

  "Oh man, are all the studs in Philadelphia this good a fuck. I love having
guy's fingers in my shithole. I'm going to cum so big and so bad it's going to
show on the seismograph at Caltech," said Sally shifting her body slightly to
let Dan have better access to her butt hole.

  Dan's long arms allowed him to insert his index finger to the second knuckle.
Dan coordinated his cock and index finger to create a rhythmic fucking of
Sally's cunt and asshole. That occasioned a third and even more dramatic climax
from Sally. Dan and Sally wound up rolling on the floor as Sally writhed against
him alternately clutching him in a fierce embrace then relaxing then repeating
the embrace. They were both covered in sweat when Sally relaxed.

  "Let's lay on the couch. Just keep fucking me until you cum. Take as long as
you want. I'm just going to lay here and take it like an LA crack whore," said
Sally lying lengthwise on the couch.

  Dan mounted her in the new position. He established a rhythm that he
maintained for a good ten minutes until at last he climaxed. Dan clinched and
unclenched his buttocks as he squirted his semen in Sally's vagina.

  "Jesus, where'd you get that dope? I thought I'd never cum," said Dan lying
beside Sally on the couch. He was drenched in perspiration.

  "It's grown in a hydroponics garden in Vancouver, BC. It's been genetically
modified to boost the percentage of THC," said Sally.

  "THC?" asked Dan.

  "You need to visit the DEA's Web site and learn your drug basics. THC is the
chemical in marijuana that gets you high. Without THC, marijuana is just another
weed," said Sally.

  "I feel totally fucked up," said Dan realizing he couldn't or didn't want to
move. Surprisingly, when he stroked his cock, he was still hard.

  "Vancouver 420 has ten to eleven times as much THC as the kind you buy on the
street. Just lay there and let your Cousin Sally suck your dick," said Sally.
"You're an amazingly good fuck for a thirteen year old. Mom said you would be
since you were a Williams. She said your dad had the most sought after cock at
SBHS."

  "SBHS?" asked Dan.

  "Santa Barbara High School," replied Sally.

  The question passed Dan's mind whether his dad have ever screwed his mother's
sister. Since they were twins, maybe thy pulled a fast one and he didn't know
who he was fucking. Dan lost all track of time. He remembered ejaculating in
Sally's mouth and her tongue kissing him while they swapped a mouthful of his
semen back and forth.

  He and Sally smoked more dope and had sex in several different positions. The
next day Dan could recall doggie, cowgirl, reverse cowgirl, and several
variations of missionary. Finally, Sally produced a tube of K-Y jelly from
somewhere, greased up her rectum, mounted Dan and slowly eased his cock into her
ass.

  "Might as well provide your first ass fuck while I'm at it," said Sally
rubbing her clit while she bounced up and down on Dan's cock. Dan was holding
onto Sally's nipples and pinching them hard. She seemed to enjoy the pain.

  Later, Dan remembered engaging in a long session of oral sex with Sally. When
they were done, she gently wiped his cum and her pussy juice off his face with a
towel as she kissed him.

  It was later toward evening when he looked up to see an almost naked Aunt
Carol sliding her tennis panties down her slender well-tanned legs. Both Sally
and Aunt Carol were looking down on him lying on the couch. He was slowly
stroking his cock with his hand.  Aunt Carol moved to where she was standing
beside him on the couch. She kneeled down and took over stroking his cock. She
used her other hand to play with her pussy as she talked with Sally. Dan could
hear but felt helpless to move as he listened to Sally and her mother.

  "How was he," asked Aunt Carol.

  "Amazingly good for a cherry thirteen year old boy. He rocked my world," said
Sally.

  "It's in his genes. His dad could make a girl orgasm to where she went in a
coma. Once, Roger at a party fucked Lynn Tolliver to the point she lost control
of her bowels when she came. Poor Lynn shot out a turd a foot long and I mean
shot. She never lived that down. Everyone called her potty fuck after that,"
said Aunt Carol.

  "He has it all, technique, big cock, and stamina," said Sally.

  "He looks out of it," said Aunt Carol.

  "It's the dope. He can still fuck, he's sort of on auto-pilot," said Sally.

  "What's the verdict, stud or dickless wonder?" asked Aunt Carol.

  "Stud, definitely, he fucks like a rabbit. I'm feeling a little tender in my
pussy," said Sally.

  "You do anal," asked Aunt Carol.

  "Yes, he packed my shit down," answered Sally.

  "Your dad will be here in a minute. How's he at rug munching?" asked Aunt
Carol.

  "Loves it but could use a little training," said Sally.

  "I'll take care of that in due time. I've got a couple of Dougie loads in my
box. Let's see if he's willing to eat a quite disgusting slice of creampie,"
said Aunt Carol.

  Dan felt his cock stir as Aunt Carol lowered her pussy over his face. Her
crotch smelled of sweat, urine and semen as she positioned her vagina over his
mouth. Dan listened as she gave him directions.

  "Daniel, listen to me, this is your Aunt Carol. I've got my pussy directly
over your mouth. After I spent two hours playing tennis in the hot sun, the
tennis pro fucked me twice on the couch in his office. There are two full loads
of his cum in my nasty sweaty pussy. I also took a long piss right before I
drove home and I didn't wipe. I've kept my legs squeezed together to keep Doug's
semen in my twat. I want you to put your mouth on my hole and suck everything
out of it. If you do, you can fuck me every week for the next two years. You can
fuck Sally too," said Aunt Carol.

  Dan raised his head slightly as he pushed his tongue into Aunt Carol's pussy.
He was immediately rewarded with a mouthful of cum, vaginal secretions and
sweat. He greedily swallowed then began to lick around Aunt Carol's vulva.

  "Good boy, Dan is such a good boy that I'm going to suck your dick till it
gets hard and ride your cock," said Aunt Carol.

  Dan had a vague memory of looking up to see his Aunt naked and astride him in
the cowgirl position. At some point, Sally was sitting on his face as Aunt Carol
lowered and raised her body to impale herself on Dan's hard cock.

  It was later when the effect of the dope was starting to wear off a little
that Dan looked over to see Sally kneeling before her father sucking his cock.
He looked downward to watch Aunt Carol giving him a blowjob. Her head was
bobbing up and down. She appeared to be really getting off over having his cock
in her mouth. In spite of all the sex and dope, Dan was hard again.

  "There's nothing like the taste of boy cock," said Aunt Carol taking a break.

  "I'm ready, you two get him greased up," said Mike in a voice that Dan
realized was only a few inches from his face. Dan felt another mouth forcing his
lips apart and a tongue forcing its way into his mouth. His tongue and the
invader intertwined and he found himself sucking on the tip of the tongue. He
reached his arms around the hairy shoulders of his Uncle Mike and pulled him
closer. Dan moaned as Uncle Mike pinched his nipples while they kissed.

  "Yea, he likes to kiss. I'm going to enjoy having him around," said Uncle Mike
pulling his mouth off Dan's.

  Dan was aware that he had been French kissing his uncle but he didn't want to
stop, more importantly he enjoyed it. Dan felt himself being rolled over on his
stomach. Soon, he was on the floor with two of the couch cushions under his
abdomen. He sensed fingers pushing in his anus.

  "Use two fingers to open him up then squirt some of this AstroGlide in the
open hole. That ways he's lubed up in side," said Uncle Mike.

  Dan was aware that Sally was on one side and Aunt Carol on the other. They
were putting their fingers in his asshole and pulling it open. He felt a liquid
slowly trickling into his bowels.

  "It'll take a while for him to get use to my Johnson. I bet he learns to love
it before his parents get back," said Uncle Mike.

  "He's pretty relaxed and open, go ahead Daddy," said Sally.

  "Danny, feel your Uncle Mike's pecker. Its had a hard on for your little butt
hole since you stepped off the plane," said Uncle Mike.

  Dan sensed the blunt object poised against his rectum.

  "Please fuck me, Uncle Mike, I want your cock," said Dan looking back over his
shoulder as his uncle.

  "I knew this kid was a winner, the minute I laid eyes on him. Don't you worry,
Daniel, your about to be cornholed by the biggest dick in Santa Barbara," said
Uncle Mike.

  "The thickest and the longest," added Aunt Carol.

  "Got to be true if your aunt agrees. If anybody in this town knows where all
the big cocks are, its you baby," said Uncle Mike to Aunt Carol as he leaned
over to kiss his wife and squeeze her tits.

  "Sally get underneath and suck Dan's cock while I fuck his ass. That'll keep
him relaxed," said Uncle Mike as he took a firm grip on Dan's boyish hips and
began to push his penis inside Dan's rectum. Sally had wedged her head
underneath Dan and was slowly sucking his cock. The sensation of having both his
cock and ass worked on at the same time caused Dan to loose all sense of any
other stimuli.

  I can't hear, see, or taste thought Dan. I have only two body parts, cock and
asshole.

  "Oh God, that's so fucking good," moaned Dan as Uncle Mike's cock slowly
pushed its way until it moved beyond Dan's rectum into his lower intestine. He
felt the large male organ slip past his inner rectum muscle and move inward
until it reached his lower bowel. Dan sensed tremendous pressure in his rectum
as Uncle Mike's cock slowly eased its way inside his ass expanding and pushing
the walls of his rectum outward.

  "Nice, very nice, he's taking it and loving it," said Uncle Mike listening to
Dan moan. Dan enjoyed the way that Uncle Mike's cock felt when it was buried in
his ass. It supplied a sense of fullness that started at his anal ring and ended
somewhere in his lower intestine. Dan whimpered and sighed as Uncle Mike slowly
fucked his ass. Dan recalled that after some time, his uncle climaxed deep in
his bowels. After that, Dan and Sally licked Uncle Mike's cock clean as Dan
watched.

  The next morning Dan awakened in his own room, sprawled naked across his bed.
His clothes were piled on a nearby chair. His head was pounding from the
marijuana. In the shower, he determined that both his cock and butt hole were
tender. There was still some type of lubrication smeared over his anus.

  "God it happened, it really happened," said Dan to himself.

  It was after 10:00AM when he found the nerve to go downstairs to the kitchen.
He had no idea what kind of greeting to expect. He said good morning to Martina,
the cook, and poured himself a cup of coffee. Martina took his order for
breakfast and suggested he eat on the deck. When Dan walked out on the deck, he
found Aunt Carol reading the LA Times still dressed in a nightgown.

  "Come sit here," said Aunt Carol gesturing toward a chair directly across from
her.

  "It looks like a nice day," said Dan finding it difficult to face his mother's
sister after what had happened yesterday.

  "Daniel, look at me, there's no reason to be embarrassed," said Aunt Carol.

  "Yes, I'm sorry," replied Dan looking at his attractive Aunt and wondering if
he really had sex with her and Uncle Mike or it was some sort of drug induced
delusion. Still he found her attractive and her nipples made nice little bumps
in her gown.

  I'd like to do her again thought Dan, this time with no drugs in my body. I
remember she liked what I did with my mouth when I ate her out. I can't believe
I swallowed that guy's cum out of her pussy. I get hot just thinking about doing
that again.

   "Yesterday, you really got to know our family. We're not like your Mom and
Dad. We're much freer about sex and we engage in certain practices that others
might disapprove of.  However, I think that in spite of the way Kay and Roger
brought you up, that you could successfully adapt to our lifestyle for the next
two years. What do you have to say about that?" asked Aunt Carol.

  "I really liked all of the things we did. I'm just not sure what happened. I
was pretty out of it from the marijuana," replied Dan.

  "I know. I told Sally that wasn't necessary but she insisted. You know young
people and drugs these days. But just to make matters clear, you and Sally had
sex from 2:00 to 4:30PM. Sally said you were terrific by the way. You and I had
sex with Sally helping after that. I thought you were amazing. You have your
father's gift for cunnilingus. It was always very special when Roger's head was
between my legs.

   At 6:30PM, Mike arrived and he sodomised you twice. That part since it
involved homosexual acts has me the most concerned. How do you feel about what
you did with Mike?" asked Aunt Carol.

  "My mind is a little fuzzy about what happened. But my recollection is that I
liked it. I liked it a lot.  Before I left Philadelphia, I let a friend sodomize
me. I enjoyed that. Uncle Mike is huge, isn't he?" asked Dan.

  "I felt in love with that giant trousers snake when we met in college. Your
Uncle Mike's technically not gay. He's bi-sexual. I think you are also. That's
really a wonderful thing since it means you can enjoy sex with both genders.
Sally's also bi-sexual; as you will learn when you meet Faye and some of her
friends. I suppose I am too."

  "Sally and I have been enjoying sex with each other since she was eleven. 
Mike and I have raised her to enjoy sex. We've encouraged her to have multiple
partners both male and female. It's added immeasurably to the richness of
parenting Sally. I'll always have wonderful memories of our mother and daughter
experiences. Sally and I have shared some wonderful things not least of which
was that every ready cock of yours. You're quite the Energizer Bunny. Sally and
I thought you would never get soft."

  "I thought yesterday was great, Aunt Carol. Sally was terrific. So you were
you and Uncle Mike," said Dan. 

"Good, sex is a very important part of growing up. I think it's so important
that parents participate in their children's sexual experiences. It's kept our
family together. As you have experienced, we're very tolerant of behavior that
your parents would scream and run away from. At least they would now. At one
time, Kay and Roger were people without any sexual limits. You won't tell them I
said that, will you?" said Aunt Carol.

  "Whatever happens in Santa Barbara stays in Santa Barbara," replied Dan. Later
he would realize that was the perfect reply.

  "So you'll have no problem with more of what we did yesterday including the
part with Mike? He was very concerned you'd think of him as an aging queen who
took advantage of a drugged boy. I have to add, he's very taken with you, Dan,
and Mike Trent doesn't' cozy up to many people. Mike would like you and he to
occasionally go on trips together and experience some let's say exotic pleasures
of the gay community. Mike like most fathers always wanted a son. He and Sally
are close but there are things a man and his son can do that a man and his
daughter cannot," said Aunt Carol.

  "I have no problem with that. Anything Uncle Mike wants, I'm all for it," said
Dan.

  "That's terrific. Mike will be thrilled when I tell him.  I knew we could
count on you. Let's you and I get together this afternoon say at 2:00PM. No
drugs, just sex in all its glorious variations. I have some new porn a friend
sent me," said Aunt Carol.

  Dan remembered how he and Aunt Carol had sex all afternoon in her enormous
bed. That afternoon was when he agreed to call her mother and Uncle Mike father. 
The porn turned out to be a DVDs of women in their forties having sex with young
boys Dan's age.

  That night after dinner, Uncle Mike had asked him to sleep with him and Dan
agreed. That started a practice that continued most nights for the next two
years. Dan spent many hours sleeping in his uncle's arms. Periodically, Uncle
Mike took him to San Francisco where they would take a suite at the Fairmont.
Other men Mike's age would arrive accompanied by teenage and pre-teen boys. An
all night orgy of man-boy sex would ensue. Dan discovered he like to cornhole
younger boys. Dan recalled the night that a half dozen of Mike's friends watched
him and two older boys cornhole five younger boys before everyone got so worked
up and the evening became a prolonged period of indiscriminate couplings. At
some point, Dan found himself being sodomized by a bellboy who in turn was being
sodomised by Uncle Mike. Men kept passing by putting their cocks in Dan's the
bellboys and even Uncle Mike's mouth.

  Even the trout fishing trips became excuses for man-boy sex. Dan learned that
Uncle Mike belonged to some super-secret club for wealthy men who preferred sex
with boys. While Dan did become an expert fly fisherman, he also became an
expert at all variations of sodomy including fisting. One night at an exclusive
fish camp near Idaho's Snake River, Dan experienced fist fucking. Surrounded by
naked older men and boys, he had stayed on all fours as a guide slowly worked
half a can of shortening into his butt hole. The guide progressed from fingers
to hand to fist ending up with his forearm buried to the elbow in Dan's anus.

  When Dan was not traveling with Uncle Mike or going to school, he was having
sex with Aunt Carol and her friends. Less than a month after he arrived, Aunt
Carol told him they were going to a special institute south of Los Angeles for a
four-day weekend seminar devoted to Tantric Yoga.

  The scheduled weekend Dan found himself in a small crowded room with a dozen
other couples. Some of the couples were actually man and wife of roughly the
same age. However, there were three other couples consisting of an older woman
and a young man and two couples where a young girl was partnered with a much
older man. Dan was easily the youngest attendee.

  "You're in the company of a wealthy group of sybarites. These people
constantly look for ways to enhance their pleasures," said Aunt Carol.

  Dan at first felt odd to be sleeping in the same bed with his aunt at the spa.
They had arrived mid afternoon. The institute was located on a bluff overlooking
the ocean. After they arrived, Dan decided to take advantage of the pool before
dinner. He had slipped on his bathing suit and was headed out the door when his
aunt stopped him.

  "You can't wear that," said Aunt Carol.

  "Wear what?" asked Dan.

  "It's a clothing optional pool. No one wears a swim suit."

  "You said clothes were optional," said Dan.

  "That's just an expression. Take your trunks off. Wear a robe to the pool then
take it off when you get there," said Aunt Carol.

  "I've never been naked with a lot of people around," said Dan.

  "Well, it's time you had that experience," said Aunt Carol.

  Dan recalled how when he had first got to the pool, he found out his aunt was
right. Everyone was nude. Dan gathered his courage, slipped the robe off his
shoulders and dove immediately into the pool. After a while, he relaxed and got
out of the water to take advantage of the afternoon sun. He found his aunt
stretched out on a cushion conversing with a man that Dan would have guessed was
in his well-preserved seventies.

  "You must be Daniel, Gus Van Sant, Your aunt and I are old friends," said the
man extending his hand.

  Dan shook the proffered hand and spoke his name.

  "He's a very handsome boy, Carol. We'll have to get together one evening. I
brought Irene Collins. She's going to be in my next picture," said Gus.

  Dan followed Gus's line of sight toward a stunningly beautiful young girl
reclining nearby.

  "She's absolutely beautiful, Gus," said Aunt Carol.

  "Irene's something of an air head but she's gifted in ways that count," said
Gus.

 Dan spent the next four days playing with pussies under the watchful eyes of
the instructors. He attended short classroom sessions that taught the specifics
of female and male sexual anatomy.  After the classroom, he and his aunt along
with the others were packed into a room heated to over ninety degrees.  There
was so little space that he was constantly coming into physical contact with
others around him. He spent his time butt to butt with the other men while his
fingers worked Aunt Carol's clitoris and tickled her G-spot. Dan learned that
Tantric Yoga involved developing skills to stimulate a female's clitoris and
vagina for her to achieve intense orgasms that could be prolonged over a matter
of minutes. 

  Dan applied himself, worked hard, and by the third day, he was able to bring
Aunt Carol to orgasm and keep her there for half an hour.  On the fourth day,
the attendees were asked to swap partners and Dan managed to bring three other
women to the state worshipped by Hindu followers of Tantra.

  During the evening, Dan and Aunt Carol engaged in sex with other couples. Dan
and Gus sodomised one another while Aunt Carol and Irene rolled around the bed
with their faces buried in each other's cunts. The evening ended with the four
of them in a group fuck. Dan recalled that Irene along with being beautiful had
a remarkable gift for squeezing your cock when it was inside her pussy.

  "I was very proud of you at the Institute. You seem to excel at whatever you
put your mind to," said Aunt Carol on the drive back to Santa Barbara.

  "It was great.  I learned things I probably would never learn anywhere else."

  "Did you enjoy it?" asked Aunt Carol on the drive back to Santa Barbara.

  "Yes, but I'd like a few days of no oral sex," replied Dan. 

  At home in Santa Barbara, Aunt Carol would arrange bizarre scenes for her
women friends. Dan recalled the time that she had five girl friends over to
screw Dan while Sally played Chopin on the piano. All the women including Sally
were nude. The women sat masturbating with orange dildos waiting their turn with
him. Once Aunt Carol climaxed, they took their turns mounting Dan.  Each one
fucked themselves to a climax as Sally played sonata after sonata.

  Once, a friend of Aunt Carol arranged a ladies Roman orgy. There were a dozen
naked boys being chased through the wooded grounds of the woman's estate. When
the women caught you, you had to screw them. Dan remembered Aunt Carol
cautioning him not to run to hard.

  "We could never catch you if you try too hard," said Aunt Carol.

  At Aunt Carol's suggestion, Dan had allowed the hostess to catch him. She
sucked his cock then tearfully begged him to piss down her throat. That was
Dan's first experience with water sports. It took concentration but he got his
flow going. He as amazed that the woman who had great wealth got off on
swallowing the contents of his bladder. She didn't spill a drop. After he
urinated, she sucked his cock until he climaxed.

  Yes, the two and six months years with the Trents had been the beginnings of
his sexual feast. Between Sally, her friends and his classmates, Aunt Carol's
clique of wealthy bored and horny housewives, and Uncle Mike's club of boy
lovers, hardly a day went by that Dan was not sexually active.

  The only negative event was Dan discovery of his parent's secret. His parents
were due back from overseas in a matter of weeks when Aunt Carol asked him to
help her clean out the attic. She planned to donate most of the contents to Good
Will but everything had to sorted through. Dan was left alone among all the junk
when Aunt Carol had to take a call.  While he was casually looking through a box
of old books, he discovered Aunt Carol's high school yearbook. Curious about his
aunt and mother he located their pictures. Since the pictures were arranged
alphabetically and his father, mother, and aunt were all named Williams, he
found the three of them together.

  Someone had taken a felt tipped pen and drawn a heart around the three
pictures. There was an inscription written in his father's very distinctive
handwriting.

  "The two best sisters a brother ever had. I love you both more than words can
ever say, Roger"

  That's odd thought Dan. When he took a good look at his father's high school
picture, Dan realized how much his father resembled Kay and Carol. Dan knew that
he only had one set of grandparents. His parents told him that his father was an
orphan, adopted by a Santa Barbara family later killed in a car wreck. Roger
Williams had lived with the family of Carol and Kay Williams while he finished
high school. The fact that Roger's last name was Williams was a plausible
coincidence. Williams was a common enough name.

  "Smiths marry Smiths and Williams wed Williams," was his mother's response
when Dan once asked about her identical married and unmarried surnames.

  Dan's maternal grandparents lived in France. Dan had never met them.
Supposedly, there had been a falling out over a large legacy and both sides had
shut off all contact with another. Instantly, certain things became clear to
Dan. Things that had always puzzled him like the time he wanted to use the Web
to trace the family tree and his mother had turned pale then absolutely refused
to allow him to spend the $25.00 it took to print out their family history.

  Dan was staring at the yearbook when he felt a hand on his shoulder.

  "Oh my God, you shouldn't look at that," said Aunt Carol snatching the book
out of his hands.

  "I wasn't absolutely sure but the way you grabbed the yearbook convinced me,"
said Dan.

  "It's just my old dusty yearbook. There are personal things written inside.
You know girl stuff, old boyfriends, silly stuff a girl can cry on over when
she's old and gray," said Aunt Carol placing the book back in the box.

  "Dad wrote that you and mom are his sisters," said Dan.

  "Roger was like an older brother to Kay and I. We treated him like he was our
brother. He lived with us after his adopted parents were killed. They were good
friends of our mom and dad. When their car went off the Pacific Coast Highway,
our parents asked Roger to stay with us so he could finish high school. You do
not believe a word of this, do you? Why do you have to be so damn smart? Kay and
Roger will kill me when they find out you learned the truth," said Aunt Carol
starting to cry.

  "I'll never say a word," said Dan putting his arm around his aunt.

  "People do worse things than marrying their sibling. Kay and Roger are still
very much in love after all these years. They've had a wonderful, very bright
son who's fabulous in bed," said Aunt Carol.

  "Who else knows?" asked Dan.

  "No one other than me, certainly not Sally or Mike," answered Aunt Carol.

  "That's why my parents never come to Santa Barbara. You always come to
Philadelphia to get together," said Dan.

  "People just wouldn't understand. Marrying a relative closer than a second
cousin is considered an incest crime in most states. It's rarely prosecuted but
it's always a threat," said Aunt Carol.

  "It's our secret now. I'll never say a word to anyone. That includes my mom
and dad," promised Dan as he kissed his Aunt Carol. They made love on top of an
old steamer trunk.

  Dan recalled that he was fifteen when he learned his parents were brother and
sister. He tucked that little fact in the back of the brain and hadn't retrieved
it in years. But somehow, Candace's playing the mother-son role had triggered
its resurrection.

  Dan's thoughts were interrupted by the return of Anna Estelle from the
kitchen.

  Dan stood up and gave her a long passionate kiss then held her chair as she
sat down.

  "Before we have sex, could I ask you a question?" asked Anna Estelle.

  "Certainly," said Dan assuming he was going to be asked a question about the
mechanics of sexual intercourse.

  "How did you meet, Candace?" asked Anna Estelle.

  "Oh, in grad school, I was getting my MBA in Finance and Candace her law
degree. We were at Georgetown together. Frankly, I wasn't into long-term
relationships. I had just broken up with the girl I'd been dating for a month
when she walked into the student hall. I was overwhelmed. She was and still is
the most beautiful woman I've ever seen, not to forget the brightest human being
on the planet," said Dan.

  "What did you do next?" asked Anna Estelle.

  "I asked everyone who she was. They told me she was called the Ice Queen. No
one had dated her. No one claimed to as much as talked with her."

  "So you asked her out," said Anna Estelle.

  "Yes, in order to get in her pants to be truthful. She refused, didn't want
anything to do with me.  I persisted for weeks on end. You have no idea how
different that was for me. I wasn't used to being turned down.  Finally one day,
I caught her in a weak moment and she agreed to have coffee," said Dan.

  "What did you talk about?" asked Anna Estelle.

  "Catholicism, specifically Roman Catholicism, she told me if I was not a Roman
Catholic, there was no way she would go out with me," said Dan.

  "And were you," asked Anna Estelle.

  "Technically, yes, I hadn't been in a church in years but I was raised a
Catholic, I became active in the church to please her, I sort of mislead her
about how devout a Catholic I was," said Dan.

  "So where did you go?" asked Anna Estelle.

  "A movie, a Disney film, rated G, looking back on it, I can only say that I
was so much in love, I totally changed my behavior patterns," said Dan.

  "How so?"

  "Before I met Candace, I was a hard drinking, dope smoking, skirt chasing
college boy without a serious thought in my head," said Dan.

  "And she changed all that."

  "She made me want to change to become acceptable to her."

  "And when did you first have sex?" asked Anna Estelle.

  "I was thirteen," answered Dan.

  "I meant with Candace."

  "Wedding night, Candace was a virgin," said Dan.

  "So you taught her to be so gifted sexually. She's incredible sexually," said
Anna Estelle.

  "That's a very recent change that's she's made. The old Candace was let's say
inhibited."

  "Then it must have something to do with the Master, his seed lives within her
now, it gives her incredible powers and appetites," said Anna Estelle.

  "Possibly," said Dan leaning over to kiss Anna Estelle. He slipped one hand
under her shirt to cup her breast.

  "I'm very anxious to have sex but I'd like to take one minute and check on
Briana. Just make sure she hasn't kicked off the covers," said Anna Estelle
pressing her breast against Dan's hand.

  "Go ahead, hurry back," said Dan.

  Dan watched Anna Estelle's butt as she walked back into the house.

  Yes, I am definitely back to feast and it appears I am about to have a make a
delicious meal of an eighteen-year-old beauty who's very anxious for my cock.
I'm still amazed I patiently endured a six-year famine thought Dan. I dated
Candace for two years in college and got zero pussy. It's incredible that I put
up with that. She got pregnant three months after we were married. She cut me
off as soon as soon as she was showing.

  Dan recalled the problem pregnancy and the many worried consultations with
obstetricians and gynecologists. He vividly remembered when Briana was born and
the hours he spent at the hospital terrified that a doctor was going to walk in
and tell him he was a widower. It was six months after Briana was born before
she let me screw her again. That's when she established the once a month
schedule. If I didn't love her so much this marriage would be over thought Dan.
But now she's changed and for the better. I don't know what all this Master,
ZED-316, sex with Lucifer nonsense is about but if it's getting Dan Williams
laid I'm all for it.

  Dan reached down and felt his hard cock through his trousers. "Take it easy
boy, the famine's over and we are going to feast tonight, I'm going to begin by
eating her pussy and making her cum until their a big puddle of girl juice under
her butt," whispered Dan to his cock.

  "How is she?" asked Dan when Anna Estelle returned.

  "Sleeping like an angel," said Anna Estelle sitting down in Dan's lap and
putting her arms around his neck. She wiggled her bottom against Dan's hardon.

  "Feel that lump, you caused that," said Dan.

   "It feels very large and hard. If you agree, I'll start off with oral sex and
you can ejaculate in my mouth or we can do oral and then vaginal. I'm very
interested in trying anal. I haven't done that yet," said Anna Estelle as placed
her arms around his neck and kissed his ear.

  "We'll get to all that in time. But right now, I want to turn up the music and
dance with you. I'm feeling very good about things tonight and I want to enjoy
myself."

  "I'm not a very good dancer."

  "Don't worry. I know the steps. My mother sent me to the Kathy Lowenstein
School of Dance every summer for three years. These will be slow songs. I'll
lead. All you have to do is shuffle your feet and follow."

   The first song was "Dancing in the Dark", a perfect choice. Dan took her in
his arms and began to gently sway to the music. He held her very close and she
worked her body right up against his to where her groin nestled against his
hardening cock. He could feel her warm breasts even through the fabrics of their
shirts.

  After "Dancing in the Dark", it was the slow samba, "Besame Mucho". Dan was an
expert dancer although a little out of practice since he and Candace didn't go
to clubs or parties where there was dancing, only the occasional wedding. Dan
led Anna Estelle through the steps. As she gained a little confidence, she
became more comfortable. Next was "The Look of Love" and Dan drew Anna Estelle
in for a deep kiss as they danced.  He moved one hand down her back and slipped
it under the waistband of her thong. She surprised him by letting out a slow
moan of pleasure as his fingers play across her buttocks and settled in the
crack of her ass.

  "I have a little confession to make," said Anna Estelle.

  "Is it proper for a layman to hear the confession of a nun?"

  "I'm not a nun. Nor will I ever be one now that I serve Candace."

  "Then go ahead, nun not-to-be Anna Estelle, confess your sins to Father Dan."

  "I wanted to have sex with you tonight. I asked Candace how to go about
seducing you. She told me to dress like this and let matters take their course.
I bought this at the mall this afternoon. She said you would get an erection and
want to screw me. The thong would do it."

  "She was right. I haven't been able to take my eyes off it since I got home."

  "Did you like my body?"

  "Like is hardly the word. How about worship? Yes, your body is very beautiful
and I'm in love with these. They are very special," said Dan lifting Anna
Estelle shirt then bending over to kiss her breasts.

  "Oh that felt good. Are you as horny as I am?" asked Anna Estelle.

  "What do you think?" said Dan rubbing his hard cock against her.

  "Yes, I would say the thong had the desired effect. You are definitely erect.
I feel that," said Anna Estelle holding him close as she slowly moved her body
against his cock.

   Dan's fingers caressed her butt sliding his hand under the narrow strip of
material to allow his fingers to explore the crevice between her buttocks. She
responded by pressing her pubis against his cock and moving it back and forth in
time to the music.

  "It's too warm out here for this shirt, " said Anna Estelle as she stopped
dancing for a minute to pull her top off over her bed exposing her breasts.

  "Definitely too warm for a shirt," said Dan. Anna Estelle helped Dan pull his
polo shirt out of his pants. He pulled it over his head and dropped it on a
nearby chair. They were both naked from the waist up. They started dancing
again.

  I think I've died and gone to heaven thought Dan as he wrapped his arms around
Anna Estelle and pulled her naked chest against him. My God but do those young
tits feel good against my manly chest. I better calm down or I'm going to blow
my load the minute she touches my cock.

  Dan could feel her nipples harden against his bare chest. She was quietly
moaning as she rubbed her breasts against him. They began kissing passionately.
He kissed her mouth then her neck then bent down to take a nipple in his mouth.
He sucked one nipple while he rolled the other between his fingers. Dan
discovered that Anna Estelle had sensitive ears when she practically growled
with pleasure the first time he pushed the tip of his tongue into her ear canal.

  Anna Estelle responded by taking his nipple in her mouth and giving it a
gentle bite. Anna Estelle's breath was rapid and she was twisting against his
body. Dan pushed one hand down inside her thong slipping two fingers between her
labia. She was soaking wet and almost hot to the touch. He used the two fingers
to massage the sides of her clit. On his third stroke, his fingers descended
past her clit and entered the opening of her vagina.

  The instant his fingers touched her opening, Anna Estelle let out a series of
loud sharp moans as she hugged him with all her strength and climaxed in his
arms. Dan had to hold her to keep her from falling.

  "I'm sorry. I should let you cum first. I just couldn't help myself, I'm not
being a good courtesan," said Anna Estelle once she had recovered her breath.

  "I thought it was beautiful," said Dan as he held two pussy soaked fingers to
his mouth and tasted them. "You pussy tastes so sweet. I want to eat you and
make you climax again and again."

  Her fingers found his zipper and pulled it. Her hand went inside and caressed
his hard cock and pulled it out. They continued to sway to the music as they
played with each other's sex.

  "Do you know what cunnilingus is?" asked Dan.

  "Yes, it's when person pleasures a woman's sex with their mouth," responded
Anna Estelle.

  "Excellent, I won't ask where you learned that. Lie down on that lounger and
drape your legs across the arms. I want you fully open to me," said Dan.

  Dan watched as Anna Estelle removed her thong then sat back on the lounger and
spread her legs as requested. She licked the fingers of one hand as she parted
her labia to expose her clitoris. She rubbed her clit with the wet fingers
moaning loudly as soon as she touched herself. Dan slipped out of his trousers
and boxer shorts as Anna Estelle masturbated.

  Dan grabbed a cushion off one of the chairs.

  "Here, slide this under your bottom to elevate you a little. I plan to lick
that cute little butt hole of yours," said Dan. In the light from one of the
kitchen windows, he could see that Anna Estelle's pussy was shaved except for a
three-inch rat-tail right above her clit.

  "Do all the novices trim their pussies like that?' asked Dan leaning down to
give Anna Estelle's a slow lick that began at her asshole and ended with a three
hundred and sixty degree swirl around her clit.

  "Oh that feels good. You're going to make me cum again. Candace shaved Maria
Consuela's and mine this morning before she left. Then she let us shave hers.
Having someone shave you down there is so hot. The three of us got turned on and
wound up having sex in a daisy chain. Our faces were covered in pussy by the
time we finished," said Anna Estelle.

  I used to love to eat my date's pussy when I was in high school and college
thought Dan. I had to quit when Candace and I got married but I've missed it.
Dan recalled how one of his high school hook ups showed her appreciation of his
muff diving prowess by telling all her girlfriends.

  "After Dan got me off for the third time, I came so hard I tinkled in his
face," was what Connie Franks had told most of the females in his senior class.
Connie had a big mouth and she described in detail Dan's skill at giving head.
Before long, girls were calling his home asking for dates.

   Funny, I was such a cock hound in high school and college then I married
Candace and gave it all up until this week. I guess love does that sort of thing
to you. I was certainly nuts over Candace and still am for that matter.
Especially now that she's changed her attitude about sex. We're going to be like
the Trents in Santa Barbara, uninhibited, sexually active and always seeking
something sexually new and exciting.

  I'm not sure what brought about Candace's amazing change of mind but I'm not
going to question it. If she wants to eat pussy and let me fuck
eighteen-year-old girls and engage in BDSM, then I'm going to be supportive as
hell for her election efforts thought Dan as he went to work on Anna Estelle's
snatch.

  Dan reveled in administering oral pleasure to Anna Estelle. She's a moaner
thought Dan. I always preferred sex with someone who provides auditory feedback.
Dan saw that Anna Estelle was kicking her lets up and down as she traveled the
short road to her second climax.

  Just when Dan sensed she was about to hit the big "O" he slipped a finger into
her asshole. That initiated a prolonged period of little yipping sounds, short
quick breaths, hands on the back of his head forcing his face into hard contact
with her clit and finally a long exhalation that ended with her complete
relaxation.

  "Oh my God, that was wonderful," said Anna Estelle when she recovered her
breath.

  "Let's try for a combined clitoral and vaginal orgasm," said Dan.

  "What's that?" asked Anna Estelle.

  "Something I learned in California at a spa where they taught Tantric Yoga.
It's a form of yoga that focuses on enhancing sexual pleasure, especially for
the woman," said Dan.

  "Go ahead, what do I do," asked Anna Estelle?

  "Relax, answer my questions."

  "All right."

  Dan inserted a finger in Anna Estelle's vagina. He carefully felt along the
walls of her vagina until he located an area where the surface was a little
rougher and thicker than the surrounding tissue.

  "How does that feel," asked Dan using the ball of his finger to gently rub the
spot in a circular motion.

  "Good, no great," responded Anna Estelle.

  "Better than this," asked Dan rubbing another spot nearby.

  "Not as good, the other place is so sensual, it's as if my brain and that
other place are wired together," said Anna Estelle.

  "That's your G-spot or Grafenberg Spot. The trick is to stimulate your
clitoris and your G-spot at the same time in order to induce a combined orgasm.
It's been a while since I've done this. Just relax and think your sexiest
thoughts while I try to work a little magic here," said Dan.

  Dan pushed back Anna Estelle's clitoral hood with the side of his little
finger. He pressed it back with enough pressure to cause the clitoris to
protrude slightly forward. He used the thumb of that hand to lightly flick the
very tip of her clit. Dan spent some minutes alternating between licking and
flicking Anna Estelle's clit until it had darkened in color and was slightly
erectile. Anna Estelle responded by moaning and tensing her legs each time he
stimulated her clit.

  "It's like I'm having little mini-climaxes that keep exploding in my brain,"
said Anna Estelle.

  "That's good, you have excellent reactions and your clitoris is
hyper-sensitive. Just stay relaxed and let the mini-orgasms flow. Fantasize
you're bicycling up and down very small hills. You pedal up the hill, have a
moment of weightlessness at the top then glide down to repeat the process. It's
never ending.

  Dan slipped two fingers of his other hand into Anna Estelle's vagina. He
oriented them to apply a small amount of pressure upward. He moved them slowly
in the circle around the edges of her G-spot. He felt the muscles that
controlled her bladder and vaginal floor start to contract then release then
contract again.

  I haven't lost my touch thought Dan. I suppose it's like riding a bicycle.

  "Now, Anna, when you start to cum, just relax and let it keep sweeping over
you in waves. Don't crash and burn at the start. Relax into it and make it
last," said Dan sensing that Anna Estelle vaginal contractions and forced
shallow breaths meant she was almost there.

  Moments later, Anna Estelle inhaled deeply. Dan saw the sheet of her abdomen
muscles expand to accommodate the air then tighten violently to expel it. The
walls of her vagina contracted to grip his fingers as she raised her shoulders
up off the lounger.

  "Another deep breath, then another, ride your orgasm, don't let it throw you
off, breathe and cum, then breathe and cum again," whispered Dan as he worked
his fingers to continue Anna Estelle's stimulation.

  Dan took Anna Estelle to the top of an orgasmic plateau and kept her there for
several minutes. Finally, unable to sustain the intense pleasure any longer,
Anna Estelle threw her entire body into a final orgasmic convulsion.

  Dan stopped his stimulation as he watched Anna Estelle's body twist back and
forth on the lounger. When she finally stopped and rested, Dan crawled forward
to lay his naked body on her. He lightly kissed her eyes, nose, and lips. Anna
Estelle lay still for several minutes finally she spoke.

  "That was so wonderful. I didn't know the human body was capable of that level
of pleasure," said Anna Estelle as she kissed Dan then slowly licked his lips.
They both rested a moment while taking another drink of cognac. Dan decided it
was time for him to cum.    

 "I'm going to lay down on the chaise lounge on my back. You can suck my cock."

  "I've never sucked a man's cock before. Yesterday, Maria Consuela and I
watched a DVD that you bought Candace. It was called "The Joy of Sex". It was
very instructive. I remember the prime directive," said Anna Estelle.

  "And that was," asked Dan?

  "Keep your teeth away."

  "Excellent advice," said Dan pleased that he was getting some benefit from the
purchase of the DVDs.

  Dan reclined on the lounger placing his legs over the arms to make himself
completely accessible.

  "You have a beautiful cock. I've been thinking about all day," said Anna
Estelle.

  "Its yours to enjoy.  I'm so aroused I'm going to cum pretty quick," said Dan.

  "I want to swallow every drop," said Anna Estelle.

The music changed to George and Ira Gershwin's "S'Wonderful" as Anna Estelle's
tongue went to work on the head of Dan's cock. She was sucking his cock like an
expert. Her fingers were gently massaging his balls as her tongue and mouth
worked his shaft.

  Dan turned out to be correct about being aroused. Although he tried to control
himself, he quickly released what felt like a full mouthful of sperm into Anna
Estelle. He watched as her throat motion signaled that she was swallowing his
jism.

  "That was delicious," said Anna Estelle.

  "Let's eat each other's ass. You said you liked anal. I'll be on bottom. Let's
get in the sixty-nine position and do some butt munching. Dan was later to
conclude that Anna Estelle was pretty much ready to work her way through the
Kama Sutra if Dan had the time and stamina.

   After some fine-tuning using the lounger's adjustable headrest, Dan found
Anna Estelle's anus within comfortable reach of his mouth. Dan sucked and licked
Anna Estelle's anus until it became slippery with saliva and relaxed enough to
open easily.

  Dan wet his first finger, placed it at the center of Anna Estelle's butt hole
and gave a slight push sinking in to the third knuckle.

  "Oh yes, oh yes, that feels wonderful, I knew I'd like it my ass," whispered
Anna Estelle. She responded by bending her head down to lick across his rectum
and then pushed a wet finger into his sphincter. She quickly withdrew her finger
and sucked on the open sphincter. Dan let out a moan a pleasure and moved his
legs wider and upward so Anna Estelle could have better access to his butt hole.
She devoted her mouth to his butt hole as her hand kept stroking his cock.

  "I'm going to climax," said Anna Estelle as she started to rub her cunt
against his mouth. Dan was licking her clit while the fingers of one hand moved
in and out her asshole. The fingers of his other hand were once again inside her
vagina probing her G-spot. All of a sudden Anna Estelle's body jerked and
contorted as a powerful orgasm shook her frame. Dan felt warm pussy juice flow
into his mouth and he swallowed it. He released his own sperm into Anna
Estelle's mouth. When his first spurt of semen entered her mouth, he felt her
suck harder to get the next.

  They climaxed for several seconds then lay still. She slowly changed positions
to where her face was directly over his. She moved to where her mouth was inches
from his.

  "Do you want to share it?" asked Anna Estelle.

  "Yes," responded Dan as he opened his mouth. Anna Estelle parted her lips and
a large glob of semen and saliva slowly dripped into Dan's mouth. Anna Estelle
leaned down and kissed him using her tongue to play with the cum inside Dan's
mouth.

  They lay on the chaise holding each other for a few minutes before Dan spoke.

  "You know what I want to do next?"

  "No, but anything you want I'll do."

  "I want to go inside to the bedroom and engage in some serious fucking. I want
you to suck me hard again. Then I want to screw you in the missionary position,
and then dog style, then you can get on top in the cowgirl position, then we do
reverse cowgirl. I want to screw you every way I can think of.

  "Let's go," said Anna Estelle climbing off him.

  They fucked until Dan climaxed three more times and fatigue forced him to
quit. He had an early morning meeting with the Chief Financial Officer and he
had to get some rest. Anna Estelle would have continued screwing all night. Dan
had to promise Anna Estelle he would give her anal tomorrow night when Bernice
was there. With that promise, she curled up against him and went sound asleep.

  Dan took a few minutes to fall asleep. He thought about the recent changes.
"Man, I think I've died and gone to heaven. I said a thousand prayers for God to
improve my love life and finally I'm answered and how. I just got my brains
fucked out by a gorgeous eighteen-year-old girl. Tomorrow night, Bernice
Creswell will be here for a three way involving a little sado-masochism.
Something I always wanted to try as an adult and wouldn't have dared suggested
to the pre-Zed-316 Candace. My life has definitely taken a turn for the better.
Hell, I'm even up for a promotion at work. I just hope this election thing works
out for Candace. I don't see how she's going to do it but I'm beginning to
believe she's capable of anything."

  The next morning when the alarm sounded at 6:00AM, Dan quickly turned it off.
When he looked over at the other side of the king size bed, he saw that Candace
was on the far side holding Anna Estelle in the spoon position. Both women were
naked and Candace's hand was on Anna Estelle's breast.  Sometime during the
night, Briana had climbed in bed between him and Anna Estelle and little Briana
was curled up against Anna Estelle. What was a little surprising to Dan was that
Briana was also naked. When he had looked in on her after he got home last
night, she was wearing her sleeper pajamas. He slowly got out of bed, trying
hard not to disturb the three sleeping females. He saw Briana's pajamas lying on
the floor at the foot of the bed. Briana must have seen the two women sleeping
naked and decided to imitate them. The three naked women were uncovered lying
there in each other's arms.

  In the morning sunlight filtering through the shades, they were a beautiful
sight worthy of painting by a Renaissance artist. Candace looked absolutely
lionesque with an incredible aura of beauty and power. Anna Estelle was a
stunningly attractive young girl and little Briana the infant that one-day would
be a woman herself. Dan resisted the urge to get his digital camera and make a
photograph. But it was a sight that he hoped always to remember.




Chapter 13 - Congressman Mike



Please take note! Adults Only Literature

The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written for
adults only.

If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing this
file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
now.

This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
is purely coincidental, etc.

Email HarryBerg01@aol.com with your comments.

Copyright 2003

                                                                ****



  "We've got competition," said Ron Worthington as he hurriedly entered
Congressman Mike Harrington's office in the Rayburn Building. The Congressman
was relaxing and didn't appreciate the interruption. He had just got out of a
meeting of the House Energy and Commerce Committee that he chaired.

  God that committee meeting was boring shit and now Ron's got a hair up his ass
thought Representative Michael Westford Harrington as Ron barged into his
office. If I ever have to listen to another three hours of testimony from that
stupid Sierra Club asshole, I may give up my committee chairmanship. Nothing
less exciting than listening to a dickhead reciting a bunch of bullshit figures
about the need for renewable energy. Stupid bastard. Didn't he know that oil was
renewable? All you had to do was pump more out of the ground.

  "What the fuck you talking about?" Mike irritably asked his Chief of Staff.
Ron had been with Mike since they first arrived in Washington twenty-two years
ago. Lately, Mike had been thinking of replacing Ron with someone younger, maybe
someone who looked good in a short skirt and had a nice set of tits.

  "Last Friday, a Candace Williams of Lynnfield delivered the required 10,000
signatures to qualify for the primary ballot. Billy Calder said her paperwork
was perfect. There was nothing that he could disqualify her for. Billy seemed
very impressed with Mrs. Williams."

  "I hope he wasn't too impressed to forget who got his worthless ass his
do-nothing $120,000 job with the Election Commission. Maybe some of the
signatures are dead, fake, or aren't registered voters. That's how we always got
our names."

  "Actually, she delivered 15,000 signatures in case there were any problems.
Bill said they did their usual spot check and it was one hundred percent
correct. Unless, Billy finds something wrong and he doesn't think he will, she's
on the ballot."

  "Collecting 15,000 signatures isn't that easy and cost money. She must have
someone behind her. Maybe it's the Republicans trying to pull a fast one."

  "I made some calls. I talked to Horace Trimble and Toby Reese in Wakefield.
Toby admitted to signing her petition. He said for me to tell you he was sorry
about that. Toby was in Martha Lou's Coffee Shop sitting in his usual booth
eating breakfast like he does every morning. By the way, he said Mary Lou hired
a high school girl to waitress during the breakfast rush and she has the finest
little ass you ever did see."

  "Get on with it," said Mike in exasperation. Mike was pissed that he might
actually have to spend time back in his district campaigning.

  "Right, well these two biker types came into Martha Lou's sat down in his
booth and asked him to sign."

  "And the fucking fool did? Why didn't he tell them to kiss his ass?"

  "Toby said that while they were polite as could be; he got the impression that
if he didn't sign, they were going to take him out in the alley and beat the
shit out of him. Toby said he hoped you'd understand."

  "Yea, you tell that little weasel that the next time he needs a favor that he
can kiss my butt on Wakefield Common after he has two days to draw a crowd. But
if this Candace Williams is working with bikers, she's got to be dirty."

  "Yea, something doesn't add up. Here's what we know from her public relations
kit. Candace Williams is twenty seven, married and the mother of a five year old
daughter, Briana."

  "Briana, what kind of fucking name is that?"

  "It's a popular one these days. Her husband, Daniel S. Williams is a senior
corporate accountant at Raytheon. They're devout Catholics. Both attend St.
Marks in Lynnfield. They go to Mass every Sunday and Candace has been active in
the life of the church according to Father Elliot, he's the pastor of St. Marks.
I gave him a call."

  "Father Elliot know any dirt on her," asked Mike?

  "Mike, he's her priest."

  "I know that. He may have heard something at confession."

  "Mike, there are rules against divulging what discussed in the confessional."

  "Old Father Brannon would have told us. He loved to talk about what the ladies
told him. It was a helluva way to find out whose wife was spreading her pussy
around. He used to have a hooker named Jolene who would come in every week and
list the names of all the Johns she'd screwed since her last confession."

  "Father Brannon was an alcoholic and he only ran his mouth when he was drunk
which was most of the time. Father Elliot is young and straight as an arrow. 
Here's what Father Elliot says about Candace Williams and I quote: She is
dedicated and devout. She works hard on church projects. She is giving of her
time. She's a wonderful mother. She's a beautiful person inside and out. All in
all, a credit to the Roman Catholic Church."

  "Sounds to me like he's fucking her. What does she look like?"

  "She's hot but I don't think she fucking her priest. He says good things about
her husband, too. I had this overnighted. It's part of her publicity package."
Ron handed a packet of photographs across the desk to the Congressman.

  "Lordy, Lordy, That is one good looking piece of ass, she's too pretty to have
any brains, probably fucked her way through life, spreads her leg to get what
she wants."

  "She graduated Magna Cum Laude from Georgetown. She has a law degree but never
practiced. Passed the bar on her first try, highest score by the way. I checked
at Georgetown, almost a four-point average. And I almost forgot, Father Elliot
says she speaks several foreign languages fluently."

  "Shit, what's wrong with English? That's the trouble these days. Country's
full of fucking foreigners," said Mike.

  "That gives her an edge with some of the ethnic voters in the district," said
Ron.

  "All right, so she's wholesome, pretty, and smart. She can talk to the Latinos
in their own lingo. That don't mean anybody's going to vote for her to be their
congressman. Voters in the 12th don't want a cunt representing them."

  "I'm not saying we should push the panic button. I am suggesting that we pay
some attention to the district, make some extra trips back home and stay on top
of this Candace Williams."

  "I'd sure like to get on top of her and let her suck some Congressional dick."
Mike rubbed his cock while looking at Candace's picture. He felt just a small
tinge of soreness that caused him to smile when he recalled why it was sore. "I
bet there's some great looking tits under that blouse."

  "I want to put McNally on it. He can nose around and see if he can find
anything we can use. It's kind of odd. It's like she came from nowhere," said
Ron ignoring Mike's last comment.

  "Shit, Ron, you're overreacting as usual. We've seen this before, happened
about eight years ago. Some housewife gets bored with staying at home all day.
She decides she can win an election. Then reality sets in and they run off with
their tail between their legs. McNally isn't cheap. Are you sure that's
necessary?"

  "Better safe than sorry, there's something about this that bothers me,"

  "Okay, have it your way, waste some money. If we're done here, send that new
intern in, the one that just arrived. I promised her a personal orientation to
the life of a Congressman."

  "I sent Cindy over to the Capital with Jeff. He was going to show her around,
get her oriented."

  "Yea, I know how Jeff like to orient a new intern. I bet right now, she's
learning what it takes to make his dick hard."

  "She's a hottie as they say and all you have to do is ask. Old Jeff did seem
anxious to get her alone. They should be back soon. I'll send her in as soon as
they return," said Ron as he reached across Mike's desk for Candace William's
publicity packet.

  "Leave it. I want to study my opposition in the next election. Mention to
McNally that we're interested in some candid shots of Williams, maybe a crotch
shot of her climbing out of her car would be nice. We could spread those
around."

  "I'll tell McNally," said Ron as he turned to leave.

   "Fucking Ron is losing it, getting to be as nervous as a whore in church. I
need someone who's more in tune with today's trends, someone who doesn't shit
his pants when some cunt decides to run for office. Someone who looks like her
would be just right. Of course, I'd insist she wore a shorter skirt." Mike was
thinking out loud as he looked at the photo of Candace Williams looking quietly
elegant in a navy pin stripe suit.

  Mike ran his hand over his cock as he thought how it would feel for the
smiling Mrs. Williams to be sucking him off.

   "Yep, taking the old Harrington special right down to the balls and drawing
out the elixir I keep for those special occasions. Funny, I don't usually get
this worked up for someone as old as you, honey, but I'll make an exception in
your case. If you really want to come to DC and learn what it takes to be a
Congressman, I might be the man to show you," laughed Mike staring hard at the
picture of Candace.

  "I got to make some changes, get my office staff updated. Ron needs to go,
Jeff too, He knows I'm supposed to break in the new interns but what does he do?
Takes her over to the House where he probably got her in one of those closets
with her skirt up around her waist and his cock working her tight hole. That's
my job around here. At least to be the first," thought Mike.

  Mike's mind returned to last weekend. Sam Reynolds of Reynolds Energy had
picked him up Friday afternoon at Regan National in his corporate jet. No wonder
his dick was sore. How many women had he and Sam fucked? First there was Myrna,
Sam's administrative assistant. They did her on the plane. I wonder where Sam
gets them. He said she was only twenty-four, a Harvard MBA. I suppose she was
the ambitious type, ready to do whatever it takes to move up the corporate
ladder.

   She was a hot one, serving drinks buck-naked with that shaved pussy, even
letting the crew see her that way. Myrna had started by sucking him off while he
and Sam watched porno on the bulkhead screen.

  I wonder if they teach cock sucking as part of Harvard's MBA program. Myrna
hadn't held back anything. Mike squirmed in his office chair as he recalled the
feeling of Myrna's tongue opening up his butthole. Bitch swallowed my load like
it was Mother's Milk. You spend $200,000 on a girl's education and all you get
is a smarter whore.

  God those energy company CEO's knew how to enjoy life. Between National and
Miami International, it had taken almost four hours in Reynolds' Gulf Stream.
Myra had first sucked him off and fucked him twice, no three times. He had
definitely dropped four loads of jism in the little Miss MBA. He and Sam had
done a three way with her.

  "Put it in her ass, she loves it in her shitter, Mike" Sam had urged and Mike
had done just that. Myrna had certainly turned out to be a crowd pleaser. Mike
thought about the scene on Sam's plane. The three of them on the big bed with
the screen showing the raunchiest porn Mike had seen in a while, women fucking
dogs and sucking horse cock.

  Right before they landed, Myrna had been doing something she called a "reverse
double penetration cowgirl". Mike was lying on his back. Myrna was on top. She
straddled him facing his feet with Mike's cock deep in her shit hole. Skinny
little Sam was between Mike's legs with his cock buried in Myrna's snatch. Every
time Sam stroked, Mike could feel it in his dick.

  That's what I need a staff that understands all about reverse double
penetration cowgirl thought Mike. Ron knows blowjobs and fucking missionary
style and that's the limits of his knowledge. I bet he's already pronged the new
intern with his usual suave bend over my desk for a quickie technique. Horace
said this Cindy was hot as a Mexican firecracker. He said she was up for
anything including ass fucking. Now that's my idea of a congressional intern.

  Mike's thought returned to the weekend causing his cock to stir. Things had
gotten even more interesting after they left Myrna and the plane at the airport
and took a limousine to Sam's yacht, The Kilowatt Hour. After they boarded, Mike
had fallen asleep in his cabin. All the booze and screwing caused him to sleep
like a baby. The yacht had crossed the Florida Strait over night. Next morning,
Sam woke to find the yacht anchored in the cove of some small-uninhabited
Caribbean island near Cuba.  Mike and Sam were still eating breakfast when
Darlene and the six girls arrived on a cabin cruiser. Sam had said he had
something special planned and he wasn't exaggerating.

  "Girls" was highly accurate in this case. The oldest, Patrice, could have been
more than fourteen and the youngest Debbie was maybe ten. Sam took three girls
and he took three for Saturday and then they swapped on Sunday. The girls called
Darlene "Momma" although none of the six were actually related to her as far as
Mike knew.

  The first day he had Patrice, Linda, and Debbie as his little daughters.
Darlene had told the girls to entertain their "Daddy" and they certainly minded
her. It was all part of the incest role-play that Darlene specialized in. Mike
remembered how it felt to be seated on deck sunning himself in a chaise stark
naked with three little girls in his lap. The hot Caribbean sun was overhead. It
started with the little girls asking him to help them take off their tiny little
bikinis.  It was hard to imagine anything better than that.

  They sat with their little naked bottoms in his lap calling him daddy and
playing with his cock.  None of them had any tits to speak of. Patrice, the
oldest, had little puffy boobs but Linda and Debbie hadn't yet sprouted. No
pussy hair either just totally hairless little cunts that tasted like some sort
of raspberry douche they used.

  At first it had been playful. The three had brought coloring books and they
got out crayons and opened to the first page. It was the first hardcore coloring
book, Mike had ever seen.

  "Daddy, will you help me color?" asked Debbie in her little girl's voice. Mike
had done a double take when he looked at the picture of a big man sticking his
cock in the pussy of a very young girl.

  "Where did you get this?"

  "Momma Darlene got it for me. Are you going to put your penis in me like he's
doing?"

  "You better believe it sweetheart," responded Mike feeling his cock harden at
the prospect.

  "Will this fit in my tiny hole?" asked Debbie holding on to Mike's cock as she
showed him her opening.

  "We're going to make it fit."

  "Can I kiss it first?" asked Debbie.

  "Yes, you can and Daddy wants to kiss your little pussy too."

  So it had gone all afternoon. Mike had screwed the three little girls as often
as they could get him hard.  And that had been more often than it had been in a
long while. Not that Mike didn't consider himself a stud but he was fifty-eight
years old and carrying a few extra pounds. By mid afternoon, he and the three
girls curled up in his cabin for a nap.

  That night for dinner, Darlene had dressed the girls up to look even younger.
Debbie reminded Mike of the early Shirley Temple movies that he watched on AMC
and that gave him such a roaring hard-on. Mike recalled how he could start
masturbating when Shirley started singing 'The Good Ship Lollipop" and blow his
load by the time Shirley finished. Linda closely resembled Darla, Spankys'
girlfriend on the Little Rascals, another one that gave Mike an instant hard on.

  Darlene organized a game while they ate dinner. Between courses the girls
would get under the table and suck Sam and Mike's cocks. They had to guess which
girl was sucking him. The girls thought it was great fun and giggled when Sam
and Mike guessed wrong.

  After dinner, Darlene dressed the three older girls up in leather dominatrix
costumes. The younger girls were ordered to strip and then handcuffed to the
deck railings. Then the dominatrix got out little whips and went to work on
their friend's butts. Mike swore it was the biggest turn on he had ever
witnessed. Watching a twelve year old dressed up like Mistress Alexandra laying
a whip across the tiny pink butt of a ten-year was a whole new sexual dimension
for Mike. He kept thinking he was going to cum just watching.

  Then Patrice offered her whip to Mike and he found himself swatting Debbie's
red rear while Linda sucked his cock. He did manage to slip his cock into Debbie
before he came.

  Next day, he had switched with Sam and spent Sunday playing daddy to Annie,
Terri, and Lacy. Although Lacy was the youngest of the three, she loved having a
dick in her little twat. She squirmed and moaned and pumped her little pussy
every time Mike got his cock inside it.

  As Mike was resting with the three girls curled up around him, he thought
about his own daughter, Lee Ann. The first time he ever screwed Lee Ann was when
she was a sophomore in high school. The little slut had gone to a party after
the football game and gotten drunk. She and her best friend, Tracy, had gotten
home about 2 in the morning making a lot of noise. Mike woke up but Nora, his
wife, was deep in her Xanax induced sleep.

  When he looked in on Lee Ann she was sprawled across her bed. Tracy was in the
other twin bed. They had left the bedroom light on, probably too drunk to turn
it off. Both girls were still clothed in their cheerleader's uniform lying on
top of the bedspread. When he looked closer at Lee Ann, he saw that her skirt
was hiked up and she didn't seem to be wearing any panties. He moved closer to
the side of the bed and reached down and pulled the short skirt higher. There it
was. Lee Ann's cunt was shaved and it was glistening wet. There was semen
smeared on her pussy lips. Mike took a finger and gently rubbed it along her
slit. He put it to his nose and smelled pussy and cum.

  "The little slut had got herself fucked. I wonder if it was that black
football player she's been wetting herself over, " thought Mike. "God, what's
this world coming to when white girls from respectable families go crazy over
nigger dick."

  Mike looked over at Tracy. She was snoring on the other bed. He lifted her
skirt. There was another pussy showing signs of serious pecker tracks. He turned
back to Lee Ann and moved his finger deeper into her gash.

  "Fuck me again, Earl," moaned Lee Ann in her sleep. Lee Ann spread her legs
wider. Mike remembered that Earl was the football player's name. Mike reached in
his pajama bottoms and felt his hardening cock.

  "She's too drunk to wake up. I'll just get me a piece and nobody will be the
wiser. Mike moved onto the bed positioning himself between Lee Ann's legs. He
moved slow as he leaned forward and slipped the head of his dick into the wet
hole that had certainly seen its share of cock that night. Mike lowered himself
as he pushed into Lee Ann's vagina. It was wet and hot. Mike quietly pumped away
until he unloaded his jism to mix with Earl's and God knows whom else.

  The next day Mike thought he was home free when he saw Lee Ann and Tracy
drinking coffee and nursing a hangover. The little bitches looked like they'd
had their brains fucked out. They greeted him like nothing had happened. Nora
was pissed the girls had gotten in past their curfew. It was later in the day;
Nora was out shopping, when Lee Ann had come in the living room, popped into his
lap and dropped her bombshell.

  "I'll be sixteen on July 15 and I can drive," said Lee Ann putting her arms
around Mike's neck and giving him a kiss that was just a little warmer than
their normal father and daughter kiss.

  "I was thinking of giving you your Mother's car. It's only three years old,
she's kept it in good shape," said Mike.

  "No, I've decided on one of those Audi TT roadsters in red. Oh, and I want the
convertible.  Mom can keep her Volvo."

  "That's a $40,000 car. That's a little much for some one in high school, don't
you think?"

  "Not for some one who let her daddy fuck her last night."

  "I didn't do any such thing. I just came in to check on you and Tracy. You
made enough noise to wake the dead. That's a terrible thing to say about your
father."

  "We did get a little drunk. It was a keg party. Tracy saw you by the way. She
was hopping you were going to do her after you did me."

"You girls were drunk. You just imagined it. When I was a sophomore in high
school, fifteen was considered too young to drink."

  "I'm too young to drink but not too young to screw."

  "I said you imagined that."

  "All right, when Mom gets home I'll tell her what you did. I'll have Tracy
come over and say she saw you."

  "No, don't do that. You were just so pretty lying there. You didn't have any
panties on."

  "I know. Darryl kept them."

  "I thought you were with Earl."

  "I was but Earl wanted me to screw Darryl because he made a key block for Earl
in Friday's game. Earl ran sixty five yards for a touch down."

  "You let Earl give you to Darryl to screw. God, my daughter's developed a
taste for nigger dick."

  "Sure after he screwed me first. They say once you go black, you never go
back."

  "So you let two black football players screw you last night."

  "Yes, along with the other linemen, Earl promised the seven lineman they could
fuck me if he gained over 200 yards. He gained 225 yards against Salem and
scored three touchdowns," said Lee Ann.

  "My God, my daughter is a tramp," said Mike.

  "Yes, a daddy fucking tramp just like her Mother," said Lee Ann.

  "Your Mother never did anything like that. Her father was a judge," said Mike.

  "Sorry to disillusion you about Grandfather Peterson, but Mom got drunker than
usual the night of his wake. She sobbed out the entire story about how her
father fucked her from the time she was eleven until he died last fall," said
Lee Ann.

  "That's ridiculous, Judge Avery Peterson was as fine a gentleman as I've ever
met," said Mike.

  "Not according to Mom. She told me that every Thursday afternoon until right
before he had his heart attack, he made her come to an apartment he kept over in
Revere Beach. He'd make her do things like dress up as a prostitute.  She says
he took pictures of her naked, screwing with dildos. Sometimes there was that
friend of his, Sam Knight, and she had to screw them both. Mom told me she was
glad he was dead because he'd told her to start bring me on Thursday once school
vacation started, " said Lee Ann reaching down to put her hand on Mike's cock.

  "My God, I always thought he was straight as they come, Avery Petersen was a
member of the Supreme Council of the Knights of Columbus," said Mike.

  "Somehow I don't think Mom was lying. Mom still thinks her little Lee Ann's a
virgin. She told me that if any of the men or women in the family including you
ever so much as touched me, she'd have them arrested for rape. She's kind of
irrational about it," said Lee Ann taking a firm hold of Mike's cock through his
trousers.

  "I wonder why Nora kept fucking him these years. I'm amazed she didn't tell
him to piss off once we were married," said Mike.

  "That is a point I suppose she and Dr. Wells have explored," said Lee Ann.

  "You think she told that dyke psychiatrist about that," said Mike.

  "Yes, I do. I also think Dr. Wells has replaced Grandfather Peterson in Mom's
love life," said Lee Ann.

  "Shit, I don't know what to make of all this. What does you Mom say about me?"
asked Mike.

  "She told me you'd screw a greasy hole in the floor if you could get your dick
in it. She told me she hasn't fucked you in five years. Ever since she caught
you with your prick in one of your campaign worker's mouths," said Lee Ann.

  "God, she even told you about that," said Mike. "She made me live in hell for
six months after she caught Minnie giving me a blowjob."

  "Drunks aren't good at keeping secrets. Let's concentrate on the problem at
hand. Mainly how your going to keep Mom from learning her little angel spread
her legs last night and let Daddy put his big dick in her. Are you getting a
hard on again, Daddy?" said Lee Ann as she wiggled her bottom against Mike's
cock.

  "One little fuck is going to cost me $40,000, that's a lot."

  "I'll be reasonable, like mother like daughter. We can keep doing it when
Mom's not around. There's insurance and gas to pay for. I'll have to find some
way to keep paying you back," said Lee Ann as she stroked his cock through his
trousers.

  "How about Tracy? Will she keep quiet? Who screwed her at the party?"

  "That girl is such a slut. Half the guys at the party did her. She'll fuck
anybody. She pretended to pass out so the guys would take her upstairs and
gangbang her. Even the nerds and dykes took a turn with her. She likes you by
the way. She thinks you're distinguished. You want her?"

  "I can only afford one Audi TT."

  "She'll do it as a favor to me."

  "And what do you have to do in return. Her daddy's dead so you can't screw
him."

  "No, but her Mom is a lipstick lesbian who can't keep her hands off me. I
could do a little muff diving to pay Tracy back."

  "I guess I just don't understand the young people of today," said Mike.

  "Don't try, just lay back and enjoy it," said Lee Ann unzipping Mike's
trousers and reaching in to touch his cock.

  Well, as long as your Mother doesn't find out anything, I think we have a
deal. Let me break it to her about the car. She'll think I've lost my mind."

  "Mom's not due back for a while. You want a quick one, Daddy?"

  As a matter of fact, he did. Every chance after that, Mike had screwed Lee
Ann, and occasionally Tracy and a chubby girl named Doris that Lee Ann made
friends with in her junior year of high school. All that ended when Lee Ann
finished college and married.

  But it had been a hell of a weekend on Sam Reynolds's boat. Maybe the best he
had ever experienced. On Sunday afternoon, Darlene had packed up the girls,
transferred them to her cabin cruiser and drove away. Mike stood on the fantail
with Sam. The girls waved goodbye and smiled and the two men waved back.

  "That was awesome, Sam, thanks a lot, it must have cost a fortune," said Mike.

  "Just a token of gratitude for the friendship that we've maintained all these
years. You know how important we consider your work on the committee."

  "Where'd you find Darlene and the girls?"

  "That has to remain a secret. Lots of folks wouldn't understand about the
services that Darlene provides. That's why I like to meet her offshore in
international waters where the law can't reach. I can tell you that an EU
government official introduced me to Darlene at a party in Geneva."

  "I'm not sure anybody will ever top this. I'm going to bed and sleep till we
get back to Miami. Everyone says kids wear you out and those certainly did a
number on me."

  Mike woke up Monday morning docked at the Miami Marina. He was back in his
office by Noon. Mike knew what he was expected to deliver in return. On the
flight back, it had been all business. Myra had kept her clothes on and went
over in exacting detail the changes that Reynolds Energy wanted in HR 2104, the
bill currently under consideration by the committee that Mike chaired. Mike
planned on giving Sam what he wanted.

  Mike's reverie was interrupted by a slight knock on the door.

  "Mr. Harrington, Mr. Worthington said you wanted to see me," said Cindy Powers
the new intern.

  "Please come in," said Mike taking a good look at the petite little curly
headed blonde that entered his office. Mike's sore pecker stirred a little. She
looked like a kid. Her hair hung in curls just like Shirley Temple's. She was
wearing a short little dress that made her look even younger than the nineteen
years written on her intern application.

  Mike stood up and held out his hand as he walked toward the couch placed in
the corner of his spacious office.

  "Let me start by saying Welcome to Washington. Please don't think it forward
of me but everyone has been telling me how pretty you are and I must say they
were right."

  "Oh but I'm here to learn, Congressman Harrington. I just want to absorb
everything I can. I'm so grateful for the opportunity."

  "Well, we're happy to have you. Jeff take you over to the Capital and show you
around."

  "Yes, Mr. Simpson explained how the House operates. He showed me the ins and
outs of the Capital."

"Horace Trimble, the man you interviewed with in my Malden office said you were
very bright and talented. Did Horace explain that part of your internship
included helping me deal with the stress and strain of being a member of the
world's greatest deliberative body?" asked Mike as he placed his hand on Cindy's
bare knee.

  "Yes, Mr. Trimble went over that and I'm here to help in every way I can,"
said Cindy as she put her hand on the back of Mike's and moved it further up her
leg. Cindy also squirmed a little closer causing her hem to lift further
exposing more thigh.

  Cindy's mind flashed back to her interview with Horace Trimble who managed the
one-man Wakefield office that Mike Harrington maintained back in his district.
After he had gone over her application, Horace had looked at Cindy and spoke.

  "Everything seems to be on order and you are certainly well qualified.
However, Congressman Harrington is looking for someone who'd be willing to
handle special duties. That includes things that fall under the heading of
entertainment and stress management. There's much more to being a Congressional
Intern than helping to make the nation's laws. You must be prepared to
facilitate the entire process. That includes dealing with the incredible
pressures that Mike Harrington is subjected to as he ponders our nation's future
laws and policies."

  "I would do anything to help the Congressman. It must be terribly stressful to
legislate these days. The responsibility must be awesome. I'd welcome any
special assignments."

  "You seem well qualified and your appearance matches the Congressman's
preferences. But I can't send your application to Washington until I personally
verify that you are capable of handling these special duties," said Horace as he
leaned forward and put his hand on Cindy's knee. Horace considered this the acid
test. Half of the time, the candidate would politely remove his hand and head
for the door. They might even threaten to tell the press but they never did.
After all, it was their word against his. But the other half was willing to go
to the next level.

  "I understand perfectly. Just tell me what's required," said Cindy putting her
hand on top of Horace's and sliding both of them upward to the top of her thigh.
She turned around and laid a French kiss on Horace's lips that resulted in an
instant erection, something his sixty-year-old body hadn't experienced in a
decade.

  It turned that that Horace's more stringent verification consisted of driving
Cindy to his nearby Wakefield home where she spent the afternoon licking Eleanor
Trimble's clit while husband Horace pounded his Viagra hardened cock in her cunt
and asshole.

  Cindy's mind returned to the present, as Mike Harrington said, "Why don't you
show me that pretty figure of yours. I've been dying to see what's under that
little dress you're wearing."

  Cindy stood up, unzipped her Size 2 dress and pulled it over her head. She had
small boobs and wasn't wearing a bra. She slipped out of her thong panties.
Cindy spun around to show off her body.

  "Are you sure you're nineteen? You look like a little girl, no more than
fifteen."

  "Nineteen last April but everybody says I look younger."

  "You are truly a beautiful child. Any more like you at home?"

  "I have two sisters, one older and one younger. My older sister is actually a
half sister.  Her daddy played in the NFL. She's competes as a body builder.
She's over six feet tall not a little shrimp like me."

  "How about your younger sister?"

  "Amanda is only eleven. But she's already won several beauty pageants. She's a
whole lot prettier than me."

  "It's hard to believe anybody could be prettier than you. Have you got a
picture of Amanda I could see?"

  "I keep one in my folder so I can show it to everybody. I'm so proud of her,"
said Cindy as she walked over to the chair that the legal size leather folder
rested on. She took out a five by eight photo of a girl named Amanda Blake who
was the illegitimate daughter of one of the Amazons and handed it to Mike. The
photo was of Amanda competing in the talent portion of the Little Miss New
England contest. Amanda was exquisite and actually the winner of several beauty
pageants. She was dressed up in a ball gown modeled after an adult fashion. The
dress was slit to the waist and one leg was bared. Amanda was made up like an
adult.

  "She's beautiful, not as pretty as you of course."  Mike could feel his cock
stirring as he looked at the photo.

  "She wants to be a model."

  "I'd like to meet her, and your Mom too, of course. Maybe the next time, I'm
back home, we can all get together."

  "Could we really. We'd all be so thrilled, especially Amanda. When I told her
I was going to intern for you, Amanda wanted to come too. She knows you're our
Congressman. She thinks you're cool."

  "Well, let's plan on it next time I can find a spare moment and get back to
the district," said Mike as he reluctantly handed back Amanda's picture to
Cindy.

  Cindy put the photo away then came back to kneel between Mike's legs.

  "You've had a hard day. Just let me do all the work," said Cindy as she
started unbuckling Mike's trousers. She pulled trousers and boxer shorts down
then took his cock in her mouth and started to lick the head concentrating on
the underside and the piss slit. Mike took a deep breath and relaxed back into
the couch.

  Mike was thinking one person he didn't want to replace was Horace Trimble, not
when Horace could select people like Cindy who sucked cock like a $2000 a night
hooker and who had an adorable little sister that he just might get his hands
on. 

  Cindy got Mike hard as she worked from his balls to cock working a wet finger
in and out of his asshole.

  "You want me to swallow it or do you want to drop your load in my pussy?"

  "Pussy," breathed Mike.

  Cindy stepped up on the couch and pushed her cunt against Mike's face. He
licked her clit a few times while he held on to her butt. After a few licks,
Cindy lowered her body using one hand to guide Mike's cock into her vagina. Mike
leaned forward and started sucking on her nipple as she started to raise and
lower herself on Mike's cock contracting her cunt muscles just as her mother
taught her. She kissed Mike several times and reached behind her to massage
Mike's balls as she fucked him. In a brief time, Mike climaxed in Cindy's cunt.
Cindy got down on her knees and licked the Congressman's dick clean.

  Several hours later and back in her apartment, Cindy picked up the secure cell
phone and dialed a number. A female voice answered "Hello" and Cindy responded.

   "Hi sis, its me."

  "Let me put you on the speakerphone. There's someone else here who wants to
hear about your first day," said Rhonda.

  "Where are you?" asked Cindy.

  "My bedroom, Candace and I are taking a break from the campaign."

  "Oh I wish I was there, Hello Candace, you've got to promise me a three way
next time I'm in Boston."

  "Consider it a promise. How did your first day go?"

  "Great if you like sucking off fifty year old men."

  "Tell us all about it," said Rhonda.

  "You said I'd be the office slut and were you ever right. The very first thing
this morning as soon as I walk in the door, Ron Worthington, the Chief of Staff,
takes me into his office, orders me to pull up my skirt and bend over his desk.
He starts talking on the phone as he unzips, moves my thong aside, spits on it
and slips it in. I didn't even get a hug. He gives me maybe five good strokes,
drops his load and tells me to leave, all the while talking to his wife about
what college his daughter is going to attend next fall. I have a strange feeling
that my day is usually going to start with me giving Ron a quick one on his
desk."

  "That's what our Intel reported.  Sounds very erotic, what happened next?"
asked Candace.

  "I filed papers and documents all morning. The office is a shambles, very
disorganized or is that unorganized. After lunch, the Assistant Chief of Staff,
Jeff Turner, takes me on a tour of the Capital. He did show me around and tell
me how everything works. Then he took me into a storage closet and screwed me
after I blew him. While he was fucking me, he makes a call on his cell phone.
The next thing I know this old guy comes into the storage closet and I'm
expected to fuck him as soon as Jeff loses his load. It turns out the old guy is
Congressman Ashburn; somebody that Harrington owes a favor. Anyway Congressman
Ashburn only wanted a blowjob and that went pretty quick in spite of the fact
that he must be in his seventies. He asked for a snowball and I gave him back
his spunk so he could swallow it."

  "The life of an intern certainly has its moments," said Rhonda.

  "I wish I was there with you two slowly eating your pussies."

  "Next time I promise, how about the Congressman?" asked Candace.

  "He was my end of day lover. I gave him a blowjob and then a fuck. Congressman
Mike could stand to loose a few pounds. It's hard to work around his big belly
and keep his cock inside you, plus he sweats like a pig."

  "Did you get the equipment installed?" asked Candace.

  "I planted the bugs early this morning. One pickup is under the overhang of
his desk. The other is behind the couch. I checked them as soon as I got back to
the apartment. They work great. I'll email the audio file where Ron announces to
the Congressman that you're running. It's hysterical. The Congressman wants to
fuck you by the way. He did everything but stroke it when Ron showed him your
picture."

  "Glad to know he taking me seriously.  Did you get a chance to show him
Amanda?" asked Candace.

  "Yes, I did and the rumors are definitely true. He practically dropped a load
on Amanda's picture. He wants to meet her next time he's in Boston."

  "Good, I'll alert Lois Blake. She'll have Amanda ready when we need her," said
Rhonda.

  "Sounds like you've done a great job on your first day," said Candace.

  "Day's not quite over. Trudy Knox, one of the senior staffers has invited me
to dinner. Trudy seems to be one of the few people in the office that actually
does any work. I smell dyke but I'm ready for a little pussy eating after all
the geriatric sperm I've swallowed today. Trudy's not too bad either, late
forties, decent body from what I can tell."

  "At least this time, you're getting dinner along with being screwed," said
Candace.

  "Correct, why do dykes buy you dinner first where men just tell you to bend
over and grab your ankles?" asked Cindy.

  "That's because we dykes are basically nice people where men are pigs," said
Rhonda.

  "Well, enjoy dinner and dessert and we'll stay in touch," said Candace.




Chapter 14 - Problem Solving



Please take note! Adults Only Literature

The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written for
adults only.

If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing this
file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
now.

This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
is purely coincidental, etc.

Email HarryBerg01@aol.com with your comments.

Copyright 2003

                                                                ****



  I'm going to hurl thought Hoover as he returned to consciousness with an
overwhelming desire to puke. He quickly reconsidered when he realized there was
a piece of duct tape across his mouth. He'd heard of guys choking to death on
their own vomit. Hoover swallowed it back, a task made more difficult by his
hanging upside down.

   Calm yourself, McNally; get your guts under control. What the fuck happened?
Where the hell am I?  Breathe slowly through my nose Hoover told himself. 

  Hoover always thought of himself as a tough guy. He had the credentials. He
had done a hitch in the Marines and later been a cop in Revere for ten years.
After he got bounced from the force, Hover had spent the last ten years working
as a private investigator. People who needed some dirt on a spouse, business
associate or a union organizer knew that McNally Investigations could be
expected to supply the right kind of information. However, Hoover's current
situation didn't look good. Hoover reminded himself that he turned forty-two
last month, and right now he didn't feel all that tough.

  There was tape wrapped around his head covering his eyes and there was cotton
or something like it under the tape so it was "darker than the inside of a well
digger's ass" as Hoover old man would have expressed it.

  After a few more moments of returning consciousness, Hoover's other senses
provided further details about his predicament. He was hung upside down
suspended by his ankles. There was some kind of wide leather cuff wrapped around
each ankle. His legs were spread wider than his waist and there was something
maybe a wooden bar that kept them exactly that distance apart.

  Hoover was gently swinging back and forth. His arms were tied behind his back
causing his shoulders to ach. There was a slight breeze possibly from an air
duct located somewhere above him. The feeling of cool air blowing across his
nuts served to inform Hoover that he was completely naked.

  There was one more sensation that Hoover wished he didn't have. There was
something in his ass and it went all the way up inside his guts. He felt like it
ended above his navel. There was a painful cramp coming from deep in his bowels.
Someone had put something long and large up in Hoover's colon and that did not
portend that good things were about to happen.

  Hoover recalled how he and his partner, Tony Camarilla, on the Revere PD had
once caught two niggers beating the shit out of a white drug dealer who was one
of their informants. He and Tony had handcuffed the two butts up, bent over a
stair railing. Tony was a character and he loved a joke. He pulled down the
bottoms of their $200 running suits exposing their black asses to the ceiling.

  "You keep them here, I'll be right back," yelled Tony as he skipped down the
stairs. Tony ran over to a bodega and returned with two jumbo-sized cucumbers.
Hoover recalled how the spades screamed when Tony shoved that cucumber all the
way up their asses. He used a billy club to drive that cuke about ten inches
deep. He and Tony had laughed their heads off watching the two coons walk off
bent over, moaning, and holding their guts. Hoover later heard the staff at Mass
General's ER couldn't quit laughing either as they removed the cucumbers on the
operating table.

  Outside of a few female fingers and a strap-on dildo, he once talked his ex
wife into trying on him; Hoover's rectum was virgin territory until now.

   Having concluded he was not in a good situation and there was not a damn
thing he could do about it, Hoover decided to occupy his mind by recalling how
he had gotten in this fix in the first place. It started when Ron Worthington
called looking for a report on Candace Williams by the end of the week.

  "Find out everything you can. We heard that Bikers helped her gather the
signatures for her election petition. There's got to be something funny about
her," said Ron.

  "Cost you $2,000 a day plus expenses," replied Hoover.

  "Bullshit, that's retail and we don't pay retail. I know you work for less,"
replied Ron.

  "Business is good lately. I'll have to re-prioritize, $2,000 or get someone
else," said Hoover running a bluff. He wasn't all that busy.

  "All right, I don't have time to find anyone else. Bill us $2500 a day and
I'll expect $500 back in cash when I see you next," said Ron.

  Hoover had never had any problem with kickbacks so he agreed to Ron's request.
Ron had also mentioned that Mike Harrington seemed to have a thing for Candidate
Williams and any candid photographs would be appreciated.

  "What does that perverted boss of yours want, a shot of Williams taking a
piss," asked Hoover?

  "Yea, or a dump, you used to be pretty good at peeking in bedroom windows, a
shot of her sucking her husband's dick would be nice. Shit, I'm just a
messenger. Mile got a hard on for her and wants some wacking material," said
Ron.

  "I'm surprised, given that she's already graduated high school," said Hoover.

  "Me too, the Congressman usually prefers his poontang before they start to
bleed.  See what you can get, maybe a crotch shot of her climbing out of her
car. Her skirts are pretty short. Mike wants something we can pass around to the
male voters of the district," said Ron.

  "Doesn't he realize that'll cause the swinging dicks of District 12 to vote
for her," said Hoover.

  "Like I said, I'm just a messenger," said Ron ending the conversation.

   He had been following the Williams Campaign from one appearance to another
for the last three days. The pace was grueling. It was Rotary meeting followed
by Senior Citizens Center appearance followed by Chamber of Commerce luncheon
and so on at a pace that seemed impossible for a normal human being. And at each
appearance, Candace was relaxed, charming, incredibly well informed and managing
to say all the right things. How she did it for fourteen to sixteen hours a day
was way beyond Hoover's understanding.

  By the third day, Hoover was exhausted. He figured that although Mike
Harrington was paying him $2500 a day plus expenses, that was for an eight-hour
day. That woman Candace Williams is a machine and the most effective political
campaigner that I've seen since John Kennedy. Hoover had been around Boston
politics enough to know that it was won at the grass roots level. It was
attending wakes, congratulating new parents, and establishing face-to-face
contact with seniors, working people, union officials, and a thousand others.
That was how elections were won in the land of the Kennedy's. You win by being
up close and personable not by expounding grand ideas about the future of the
republic.

  And Candace Williams was the best he had ever seen. She hit just the right
notes with everyone she met. Hoover was going to have to tell Ron Worthington
that Congressman Harrington better get his ass back to District 12 prepared for
the fight of his life.

  But then again nothing was really perfect and Hoover thought he had found
something that afternoon. It was shift change at the big General Electric plant
in Lynn where they made aircraft engines for Boeing. Candace and her two aides
were positioned right outside the gate. Hoover was observing from a city block
away using a telephoto lens.

  The day before he'd gotten a few decent shots of Candace climbing out of the
silver mini-van she used in her campaign. Hoover had to admit that Candace
Williams had the best looking legs of anyone who'd ever run for public office in
Massachusetts. He's managed to get one shot that showed a tiny swatch of white
panty as she stepped out of her car.

   Last night, when he finally got in the rack, he'd held the photo in his left
hand as he jerked off with the right. He'd pictured himself between those long
legs shoving his cock inside her as he pawed and sucked her tits. In Hoover's
fantasy, she was moaning and begging him to fuck her harder. When he shot his
load, he wiped his hand off on an old T-shirt he kept by the bed for that
purpose; then he went to sleep. At 3:00AM, he woke up from a dream that he was
fucking Candace in the ass. Her asshole was so tight around his cock; it felt
good and hurt all at the same time. The odd thing was that during the dream he
had stuffed his T-shirt in his mouth and was busily sucking on his partially
dried jism. He spat the T-shirt out in disgust. He had a raging hard-on that
caused him to jerk off again as he kept repeating, "ass fuck me, you whore."

  "Old Mike maybe on to something about Mrs. Williams, I haven't had a wet dream
since I was in high school," decided Mike when he dragged his tired body out of
bed that morning.

   The two aides were pretty young girls, nicely dressed in suits, showing a
little knee but not too much. They each held a stack of flyers that they handed
out to the departing workers. Candace was wearing that same navy blue suit whose
only variation was the length of the skirt. For this mostly male audience it was
above the knee almost mid thigh, a little bit daring for a congressional
candidate but not too daring. She's certainly got the legs for it was Hoover's
thought. God how I would like to feel them wrapped around me while I go long and
deep in that cunt of hers.

  Candace was surrounded by a group of workers. The union steward was standing
right beside Candace introducing her to each worker. It followed a pattern. She
shook hands, smiled, said something causing the worker to laugh or smile and
then moved on to the next. Several of the workers asked Candace to pose for a
picture with them. Hoover had to admit she had the kind of thousand-watt smile
required for a good politician. Also, she could turn it on whenever she needed
to. She didn't blink when a few of the bolder workers slipped their hands down
to her butt during the picture taking.

  Shift change only lasted about thirty minutes. Candace thanked the union
steward with a little kiss on the cheek and a big hug. That appeared to send the
fat little man into ecstasy. They shook hands, hugged again, and Candace
departed for the mini-van decorated with "Candace Williams for Congress"
posters. Hoover was beat and about to call it a day. He had been following the
campaign since an 8:00AM breakfast at the Peabody Kiwanis.  He was reaching to
turn the ignition key when he saw that Candace was angrily gesturing at one of
her aides. Even from a distance, Hoover could see that Candace was doing
everything but slapping the girl around. After a few minutes and more angry
gestures, Candace and the other aide got in the mini-van and drove off leaving
the girl standing on the sidewalk.

  The abandoned girl walked to a nearby bench, sat down, and put her face in her
hands, obviously crying. Hoover decided to chance it. He drove closer, parked
the car and casually walked over to the bench and sat on the far end. Hoover
guessed from the color of her skin and her hair that the girl was Latino.

  "Are you all right? This isn't a great neighborhood for a young woman like you
to be sitting alone," said Hoover knowing that he was speaking the truth. That
part of Lynn had one of the highest crime rates in metro Boston.

  "She just left me here. I've been working sixteen-hour days for practically
nothing and she got in the car and drove off. I forgot the handouts for her next
event. She can be so cruel sometimes."

  "I was across the street. I saw her giving you hell. Look it's none of my
business but I hate to see someone in authority mistreat an employee. Besides,
this is not the safest neighborhood, can I give you a lift?"

  "No thanks, I'll just get a cab."

  "Good idea if there were any around here. It's getting dark and cabs are scare
in this area, too many druggies willing to rob them. I'd feel better if you let
me take you somewhere safer. I used to be a policeman and I know that a young
woman alone is not safe here. "

  "How do I know it's safe to be with you?"

  "You don't. You have to trust your instinct. My name is Tom McNally but
everybody calls me Hoover," said Hoover extending his hand.

  "Maria Consuela Reyes." Maria Consuela smiled revealing a mouthful of perfect
white teeth as she shook Hoover's hand.

  "So where can I drive you?" asked Hoover thinking how pretty Maria Consuela
was.

  "I don't want to cause you a lot of trouble. Maybe it would be all right if
you just took me somewhere I could call a cab."

  "Tell you what, there's a Chinese restaurant, Jimmy Tse's, about three miles
from here. I'm a regular there. Jimmy, the owner and I go back a ways. He can
call you a cab. While we wait, you can tell me what it's like to work for
Candace Williams, the new congressional candidate for the Twelfth District."

  "Most of the time its not too bad if everything's going well but if the least
little thing happens, she goes ballistic. Her rages are awful."

  "You can tell me more as we drive," said Hoover getting up to walk Maria
Consuela to his car.

  Hoover stole a glance as Maria Consuela sat in the passenger seat. Her short
skirt rode up quite a bit and she didn't do anything to change that. Legs were
not bad at all and the tits were very nice but the big turn on were the large
eyes with very white whites and the irises as black as coal. Hoover said
something that caused her to smile and once again he saw a perfect set of white
teeth. Hover decided that Maria Consuela was a very nice package and it would be
even nicer if he could combine a little business with pleasure. It wouldn't be
first time that one of Hoover's investigations had turned up some poontang on
the side.

  Pussy wise, Hoover's been on something of a dry spell since Mona had told him
it was over. He really didn't blame her. She was looking for something permanent
and he was looking for someone to take care of his cock every three days or so.

  At Jimmy Tse's he ordered some appetizers and a couple of beers while Maria
Consuela went to the ladies room to repair her make-up. When she emerged, Hoover
watched her walk toward him and decided that the girl was pretty, maybe too
pretty and young for a forty two year old Boston Irishman. I'll just give it my
best shot and see what happens concluded Hoover. I may get lucky. She may go for
older types. She's awfully young; but I've heard Hispanic women like older men.

  Maria Consuela accepted the beer and ate some of the appetizers and didn't
object when he ordered another round. Hoover found out she was a recent arrival
from Guatemala and that some of her friends had gotten her a job with the
Williams campaign. Maria Consuela didn't talk much about Candace and Hoover
decided to let that rest. They could get back to that later. First he wanted to
gain her trust by appearing to be a regular fellow who was more interested in
her than the William's campaign.

  They talked about themselves a little. Maria Consuela told him how much she
loved the United States and how she planned to go to community college once the
campaign was over. After more food and two more beers, Hoover asked if he could
drive Maria Consuela home and she agreed.

  The girl seemed a little drunk as the left the restaurant. She leaned heavily
into Hoover and he put his arm around her as they walked to his car.  This time
she was really careless with her skirt when she sat down and he could see
practically to her crotch. He decided to take a chance as soon as they were
seated in the car. He leaned over and gave her a kiss that she eagerly returned. 
They made out for a few minutes and she didn't stop his hand when he unbuttoned
the top button of her blouse and slipped it inside her bra.

  Maria Consuela grabbed the back of his hand encouraging him to squeeze her
breast harder.

  "Squeeze it," she moaned as he caught her nipple between his fingers and
applied pressure. Her nipples felt warm to his touch and the fact that she was
moaning were encouraging signs to Hoover. Nor was the fact that Maria Consuela
didn't resist as his other hand traveled up her thigh to push against her sex.
Even through the pantyhose and panties, he could feel the heat and wetness.
Maria Consuela sucked in a deep breath as Hoover's finger played against her
clit.

  When Maria Consuela placed her hand on his crotch to stroke his hardening cock
through his trousers, Hoover heard himself moan.

  "Let's go to my place in Wakefield, it's by the lake," said Maria Consuela
breaking the embrace but maintaining her slow massage of his hard cock.

  "All right, Wakefield it is," said Hoover deciding that today was his lucky
day. If he had still been married to Ethel, he would have asked her when he got
home about his horoscope. But Ethel had remarried and now lived in Nashua, New
Hampshire along with his two sons that somehow he never managed to see. Still,
he was on a roll. He had made the acquaintance of a disgruntled Williams
campaign worker that could be a source of inside information he could pass on to
Ron. Even better, she was a pretty one who was willing to fuck him and seemed
hot as a Mexican, correct that, Guatemalan firecracker.

  As soon as they entered the apartment located in a complex on the north side
of the big lake that separates Wakefield center from Interstate 95, Maria
Consuela was all over him. They undressed one another as they slowly made their
way to the bedroom. Once there, he sat on the bed and watched as she finished
stripping. She pulled on her nipples and rubbed her pussy with both hands as she
turned around and bent over to show Hoover her ass.

   Hoover loved everything he saw, the large chocolate brown nipples, the shaved
pussy with the brownish lips and even the perfect little butt hole that was
framed by a brown ring. Maria Consuela's complexion was about as perfect as
Hoover had ever seen. He found himself making an unfavorable mental comparison
to Mona whose complexion could be best described as mottled. That's the
prettiest brown skin and large milk chocolate nipples that I've seen in a long
time, maybe ever thought Hoover as he laid back on the bed watching Maria
Consuela play with her pussy.

  "You've got me so wet, Hoover, see," said Maria Consuela taking her glistening
hands out of her pussy to show him. "I want to suck your cock, now."

  Maria Consuela pushed him back on the bed. She removed his shoes and pulled
down his boxer shorts. When his hard cock spring free of his boxers, Maria
Consuela seemed genuinely delighted.

  "Oh it's beautiful. You have a large and beautiful cock," said Maria Consuela
as she climbed between his legs and went to work with her mouth. She started by
running her tongue from his balls to the tip of his dick and then taking large
swirls clockwise and then counter clockwise around the head. She looked him
directly in the eyes as she put his cock head in her mouth and bathed it in a
solution of warm saliva using her tongue as an agitator. She managed to get the
pointed tip of her tongue just inside his piss hole, something that he had
always loved and few women were willing to do.

  For someone who was nineteen and looked quite innocent, she can really suck
dick thought Hoover. Hoover considered himself something of a connoisseur of
blowjobs. Some of the most expensive and for that matter, least expensive
hookers in Revere and Winthrop had demonstrated their capabilities to Hoover
when he was on the force. It had been that or jail. 

  As he lay there, feeling Maria Consuela's tongue and lips working his balls,
cock head, and shaft, he decided that he need to learn more about Guatemala, the
land, the culture and where the women learned to give head.

   "You like to eat my pussy? It's all wet and needs your tongue," asked Maria
Consuela looking up from Hoover's cock, her lips and face smeared with wetness

  "You bet," said Hoover. That prompted Maria Consuela to move into the
sixty-nine position so Hoover could bury his face into her wet little cunt that
was flowing twat juice. He sucked it all in and swallowed, reveling in the warm
liquid as it filled his mouth. He shifted her body forward so he could lick her
asshole. Hoover inserted the tip of his tongue in her rosebud. After a half
dozen pushes, it opened up and allowed Hoover's tongue inside. God, how I love
to tongue butt thought Hoover as he tasted the inside of Maria Consuela's
rectum. There was something about tasting where a girl's shit came from that
turned Hoover on like nothing else. Like Ethel always said, I'm a pig when it
comes to sex.

    "I love the way you're eating my cunt and ass. You have such an incredibly
big prick," said Maria Consuela when she took a break from sucking on his nuts.

  "If you keep sucking my cock like that, I'm going to blow my load right down
your throat." Her comment about his cock size was right. Ethel had even told him
that the only thing she was going to miss about him was feeling his big schlongs
inside her pussy. Hoover had a thick ten inches of man meat. Some women had
taken a look at it and decided to run in the other direction after he fucked
them raw. But most preferred to act like they had discovered a hidden treasure.
Obviously, Maria Consuela was a treasure hunter.

  "Oh yes, please do it, I want to swallow your cum," whispered Maria Consuela
placing a wet finger in the opening of his butt hole and pushing it in to the
first knuckle.

  That brought Hoover off like a bottle rocket. Maria Consuela writhed in her
own orgasm as she sucked down each spurt of Hoover's ejaculate. Hoover was no
sooner finished than Maria Consuela wanted to go again.

  "Get on all fours so I can suck your asshole and get you hard again."

  Hoover not believing in his good luck and wondering if Maria Consuela would
consider marrying him or at the least living together rolled over and pulled his
ass cheeks part. In Hoover's experience, he hadn't encountered many women who
were interested in bringing their mouth in contact with his asshole, especially
at the end of a long hot sweaty day. But instantly Maria Consuela had her mouth
connected to his butt ring and was licking and probing in a way that opened him
up. Hoover felt his sphincter relax and her tongue glide in. That was followed
by a nice tongue fucking.  Next, she sucked his open butt hole creating the most
awesome sensations in his rectum as her suction created a little vacuum. She'd
fill the vacuum with warm breath and then inhaled the fart she made as Hoover
blew it back out his ass. All the while, she kept stroking his cock and balls.
In a few moments, he was hard as a rock.

  "Roll on your back, I'll get on top and fuck you," said Maria Consuela with an
enthusiasm that Hoover hadn't heard in some time.

  This one has the hunger thought Hoover. Hoover had a philosophy about women
and sex that broke them into three categories. Losers were the ones that screwed
because it was expected of them and they knew it was required to hold a man's
interest. A loser could go a year without getting fucked and not think anything
of it. The category most women fell in to was the Technicians. Technicians
enjoyed sex and worked at it. They read Cosmopolitan to get better at it. A
Technician was usually a decent fuck. But at this point, Hoover was ready to
classify Maria Consuela into his third and most prized categories, the Hungry
Ones. Hungry Ones had a primal need for cock like it was air or water. They were
insatiable women who were happiest when they had a cock in their twat. They
worshipped a hard prick, reveled in the feel and taste of semen spurting into
their mouth and felt most alive when there was a penis in their holes. Hungry
Ones didn't have limits, were eager to be fucked in the ass and didn't mind
working a man's hole open so they could tongue fuck it. The way Maria Consuela
had opened up his butt and dove in convinced Hoover that Maria Consuela was a
supremely hungry whore and a real find.

  Hoover played with Maria Consuela's large brown nipples as she mounted him and
guided his cock into her pussy. Hoover loved the way the nipples felt like
little hard pebbles, the kind you picked up in a fast moving mountain stream. It
was warm and wet inside her cunt. She got her feet under her and began to raise
and lower herself squeezing his dick on both upstroke and down stroke. She gave
out a good healthy grunt each time she bottomed out taking him as deep as his
cock reached. She ground her clit against him each time she bottomed out. He
loved the way she growled as she pushed her button across his rough pubic hairs.
Hoover popped again spraying the walls of her cunt with his sperm.

  Hoover reached up and grabbed Maria Consuela's nipples between his thumb and
forefingers and pinched down hard as she squeezed his spurting cock. She let out
a low throat moan, threw her head back, and screamed. "Oh fuck yes," as she
climaxed. She rode him slowly as he softened having a series of mini-orgasms
that Hoover could detect as her vaginal walls performed a series of muscular
contractions that milked the last drop of semen out of his dick.

  After that, Maria Consuela had gone and gotten them a beer. They had sat and
cuddled for a few minutes before she went to work on him again. She sucked his
cock for a while then slipped a finger in his asshole while she slowly and
expertly worked on his dick. Before long, Hoover surprised himself by getting
another hard on.

  Hoover's recent sexual experience was a single fuck followed by a required
eight hours sleep and a bowl of Wheaties before he was ready to get hard again.
He blamed that on too much booze and too little exercise. Maria Consuela had now
gotten him hard for the third time in less than an hour.

  "I am going to slide your big Irish cock in my shit hole, I'm going to talk
dirty," said Maria Consuela.

  "Yea, talk dirty, it turns me on," replied Hoover.

  "Here, suck my chocolate brown nipples while I ram your dick in my shitter,
are you an ass fucker?"

  "Yea, I'm a ass fucker."

  "And you like to fuck dark skinned girls because you think they're all whores
like me? Tell me I'm a whore."

  "Yes, all you Latino girls are cock crazy whores that worship big pricks.
You're a dick sucking whore that loves it up the ass."

  "And you can't wait to get your white Irish dick inside their butts?"

  "Yes, I like then dark with chocolate nipples and a dark ring around their
asshole."

  "Like me, a cock hungry Latino cunt who'll put your cock in her shit hole and
ride it till you dump your load in my ass."

  "Exactly like you."

  "Someone who'll suck the shit right out of your asshole and swallow it."

  Hoover relaxed as his cock slid in and out of Maria Consuela's ass. It was
warm and tight inside her rectum. He was amazed she could handle all ten inches
without any pain. She had her feet under her as she lowered herself to achieve
maximum anal penetration. Hoover loved the feeling he got when he felt her butt
cheeks land on top of his thighs. He sensed the way each time she reached bottom
she struggled to get one more half inch of dick in her rectum. She grunted,
growled and began to sweat profusely as she fucked her ass with Hoover's cock.
Hoover sensed heat coming from her rectum. She whipped her long curly hair
around causing droplets of sweat to spray across the bed. Finally, she climaxed
and Hoover felt a rhythmic pulsation from the walls of her bowels. Hoover
squirted what little semen he had left as he climaxed for the third time. 

  It was all too much for Hoover. He was covered in sweat. As the last of his
semen emptied from his balls, he hoped that was it for a while and Maria
Consuela would give him time to recover before she wanted to screw some more.

  Maria Consuela brought two more beers from the refrigerator. He held her in
his arms as they finished the beers. Maria Consuela changed positions so Hoover
was resting in her arms. She was holding him and stroking his brow as he relaxed
and started to sleep. All of a sudden, Hoover sensed that Maria Consuela's arms
had wrapped around him in an extremely tight embrace. He tried to turn but Maria
Consuela applied her strength and held him tight as he felt a sharp twinge in
his triceps. Maria Consuela relaxed her hold and he turned to see a tall
muscular woman standing over him holding a syringe.

  Hoover felt woozy immediately. The tall woman who gave him the injection spoke
the last words he heard before everything went black.

  "Even though I don't like guys, I got horny watching you two fuck. How about a
little muff diving? We've got time."

  Hoover came back to the present when he heard someone enter the room. He heard
the sound of something scraping across the floor. It sounded like someone was
dragging a chair. A vaguely familiar female voice began to talk.

  "Remove the tape, I think he's awake."

  Hoover sounded  'ouch' as someone jerked the tape off his mouth. Next that
person slowly unwrapped the tape from around his head and pulled it off his
eyes. It took a few seconds for his eyes to adjust to the light. After several
blinks, Hoover saw that Candace Williams was sitting in an office chair directly
in front of him. A very tall and muscular female was standing behind Candace.
She had been the one who gave him the injection.

  "I can handle it from here, Rhonda," said Candace Williams.

  His eyes were at the same level as her knees. Her legs were crossed and he
could see up her skirt almost to the top of her thighs. When he glanced up, he
saw that she had a manila folder in her lap. There was a two-foot length of
rubber garden hose resting on the folder. Candace reached over and took Hoover's
cock in her hand and began to slowly stroke it. In spite of his circumstances,
Hoover felt his prick start to respond to the hand job.

  Ron was right thought Hoover. There is something God awful strange about
Candace Williams. It isn't every day; a congressional candidate kidnaps a
private investigator, hangs him up like a side of beef then calmly jerks him
off. This is scary as shit. The whole thing with Maria Consuela was a trap and I
fell right into it.

  "You know who I am, Hoover" asked Candace in a quiet voice as she got Hoover's
cock erect.

  "Yea, sure, you're Candace Williams, you're running for Congress. I've seen
you around campaigning. Why was I brought here? Where are my clothes?"

  "Hoover, I'm not interested in wasting time, so let's skip the preliminaries.
When are you scheduled to make your first report to Ron Worthington?" asked
Candace in calm voice like she was saying 'think it will rain tomorrow'.

  "I don't know any Ron Worthington, Who's Ron Worthington," replied Hoover.

  Hoover saw a blur as Candace picked up the rubber hose in her other hand and
slammed it across his balls. Candace held on to his cock as he twisted in
agonizing pain and began to scream with every decibel he could muster. Hoover
kept screaming as every light in his pain center went to bright red and started
pulsing angrily. Every man knows what it feels like to take a good hard shot to
the family jewels but that didn't make it hurt one bit less. Candace continued
to hold and stroke his cock as she watched him scream until he ran out of
breath. She waited a few more minutes then asked again.

  "Let's continue. What is the date and time you're supposed to call Ron?" said
Candace who already knew the answer to her question.

  "Tomorrow at 3:00PM," replied Hoover deciding that his nuts couldn't take
another blow.

  "And what were you going say?" asked Candace.

  "That you are well organized and highly effective. I was going to tell Ron
that Mike Harrington better get his ass back here if he wanted to hold on to his
seat."

  "What else did Ron ask you for?" asked Candace.

  "That's it, just for me to nose around and find out any dirt on you," said
Mike.

  "He asked for something else," said Candace picking the rubber hose back up.

  "Pictures, he asked me to get some embarrassing pictures of you, sorry I
forgot, honest, I just forgot, don't hit me anymore. I'll tell you everything,"
said Hoover.

  "What kind of pictures have you got so far?" asked Candace.

  "Legs shots, mostly of you getting out of the car," said Hoover.

  "Sounds erotic, you'll have to show them to me, anything else," asked Candace?

  "Not yet, I was thinking about putting a mini-cam in the ladies room toilet at
your campaign headquarters or trying to get one in your bedroom," said Hoover.

   "Good, I prefer the truth. If you had lied again I was going to knock one of
your balls all the way up to your lungs. Castration would be a pity since Maria
Consuela says you are a more than decent fuck. This is a great piece of
equipment. I'm getting wet just handling it."

  "I won't lie anymore. I promise," said Hoover and he knew he meant it. I can't
believe she's handling my dick. This is just so fucking weird, all of it thought
Hoover. One thing I know is that my nuts couldn't take another shot like that.
I'm not being paid enough by Harrington to stand up under torture.

  "Let's start over again. I'll go over a few things I know about you. You were
born on St. Patrick's Day, March 17, 1961. You were forty-two last month. Your
full name is Thomas Patrick McNally but you got the nickname 'Hoover" working
for the Revere Police. In your case, the moniker reflected your fellow cops'
knowledge of your willingness to suck up dirt like the vacuum of the same name.
Parents were Terrence and Sadie McNally, both deceased, alcoholism the Irish
disease. Your father was a baker and a small time hood. He ran numbers out of
his bakery. Your mother worked in her brother-in-law's insurance agency. There
is a rumor, unconfirmed that your Uncle Mike used to fuck Sadie on his desk when
business was slow. These are rumors unconfirmed that Uncle Mike is your real
father. Care to confirm or deny the rumor, I hate loose ends."

  "I don't know for sure. I saw Uncle Mike feeling mom up once on the back
porch. He had his hand up her dress playing with her pussy. Dad was passed out
in the living room," said Hoover.

  "Good, we're communicating. You attended St. Xavier parochial elementary
school achieving excellent grades. You were a reasonably competent altar boy. 
I'll skip all the stuff about your first Holy Communion and your Confirmation,
although you did look adorable in your white suit. You graduated St. Ignatius
High School fifth in your class. You joined the US Marines immediately after
graduation.  You were honorably discharged four years later. You saw no combat
action. It's not your fault there wasn't a war at the time. Upon graduation you
applied and were accepted into the Revere Police where you attained the rank of
Sergeant. Unfortunately, after ten years, you were dismissed from the force when
$22,000 in cash disappeared after a drug bust and was found in your locker at
the station. It seems you were too dirty for even the Revere police. That in
itself is something of an accomplishment. Am I accurate so far?"

  "Yes, "replied Hoover rather astounded that all these details were being
repeated from memory. Candace was not referring to notes.

  "Commendably, you completed your education in night school receiving a
Bachelors Degree in Law Enforcement from Northeastern University. Your grades
were pretty good. You enrolled in their Master's Degree program, completed one
course then dropped out and never returned."

  "You reconnected after returning home from the Marines to an Ethel Robinson,
one of your classmates that you dated while at St. Ignatius. You got Ethel
pregnant but you did the right thing. You were married at St. Stephens's church
and your first child, Sean, was born six months later. You and Ethel had one
more child, Mark two years after that. You and Ethel managed to stay married
until five years ago when she caught you screwing her sister, Rachel, in the
basement during the family's Thanksgiving Dinner. You told everyone you were
drunk and that you thought that Rachel was Ethel in the poorly illuminated
basement of your sister-in-law's home. It was possibly the most memorable
Thanksgiving Dinner in McNally family history. Unfortunately, no one seemed to
believe your story. Periodically you drive to Swampscott and screw Rachel. Her
husband knows but is too afraid of you to do anything about it."

  "Ed knows I've been bumping Rachel. I had no idea."

  "Sean, your eldest son, is in his final year at UMASS in Amherst and Mark is a
sophomore at Dartmouth. Mark's an exceptionally bright young man who's
interested in medicine. You have provided almost no financial assistance to
either boy's education. They'll both graduate heavily in debt. Your only
meaningful family relationship is with your younger sister, Carrie and her
family. You have a brother, Edward that you have not seen or talked to in three
years. The last time being your mother's funeral."

  "Ed and I never did get along, even as kids," said Hoover.

  "Carrie is married to Anthony Maglione, a licensed master electrician. They
have two girls, Anne and Julia. Your sister lives in Weymouth. She calls you
frequently and worries about you. That's kind of surprising given that you and
your fellow members of the St. Ignatius basketball team gang raped her one night
after a game. You lured her into the boy's locker room where your buddies
stripped her and then fucked her in all three orifices. You were the first
person to enter her virgin asshole while your best friend Sean Phillips was
having intercourse with her. You later said you were sorry and that you and your
teammates were drunk. Surprisingly, she forgave you."

  "Oh my God, how can you know that?" asked Hoover.

  "My sources are confidential as they say in the media. I won't bore you with
your financial history. Being a private investigator is not lucrative. Mike
Harrington has employed you sporadically to gather information about political
rivals. That was what you were doing tonight outside the GE plant."

  "He wanted me to see if you were for real."

  "And obviously I am real. By the way, I agree with Consuela. That is a very
nice cock there," said Candace as she leaned forward and took Hoover's penis in
her mouth and licked the head as she continued slowly stroking it. 

   "Take it easy, I'm cooperating" said Hoover worried that Candace intended to
do something awful to his penis such as bite it off. When she leaned forward,
she uncrossed her legs. Hoover found himself looking straight up Candace's
skirt.

  Candace leaned back letting Hoover's cock drop.

  "I'm surprised you haven't asked me what's in your asshole," said Candace.

  "I'm not sure I want to know."

  "It's one of these," said Candace holding up a huge dildo. "They come from
Mexico, 20 inches in length and three inches in diameter. I would think you feel
stuffed. Rhonda and Maria Consuela had to use a whole bottle of AstroGlide to
get it all the way inside you.  It had a metal ring on the base that attached by
rope to the ceiling. The base has a much larger flat plate to keep it from going
all the way inside your anus."

  "That's what's inside me?" asked Hoover.

  "Yes, it was developed by the Mexican National Police three years ago. They
called it a 'Zapatistas Enema'. Here let me show how it works. You attach a rope
or chain to the ring and tie the other end to the ceiling leaving no slack in
the rope. Here look at the top of the base. If you slide this little cover guard
aside and press the red button, then presto the spikes appear." Candace pressed
the red button. A loud click occurred.

  Hoover wanted to scream when he saw two-inch metal spikes instantly spring out
from everywhere along the slides. There was a ring of spikes ever inch or so.
They were angled in every direction and they covered the surface from slightly
below the base to the tip where there was a thick cluster of spikes.

  "Get it out, I'll do what you say, anything, for the love of Jesus Christ,
just get that out of me," screamed Hoover.

  "Technically, this isn't an instrument of torture but a form of execution
since once this button is pressed you're dead or soon will be. Maybe form of
persuasion would be a more accurate term. The Mexican National Police decided
they were spending too much time and effort making political prisoners talk. It
was physically demanding on the police beating prisoners to death.  Plus most
forms of torture left physical evidence for the Amnesty International and Human
Rights groups to photograph and take to the media. A medical doctor attached to
the police solved the problem nicely. Statistics compiled by the police showed
that most prisoners could be persuaded to talk if they watched a close relative
or friend die horribly and in great pain."

  "Look, I'm on your side now. I'll work for you. Just take that out of me. I'm
begging," cried Hoover.

  "Le me finish my story. So if the National Police wanted information from Jose
then they brought Jose's brother or wife or even children and tied them to the
ceiling just like you're tied now. Most of the time, they also tied up Jose too
so he understood his options. Then they pushed the red button on the base and
the spikes extended in Jose's closest relative. Next they released the leg ropes
and slowly lowered the body down leaving it suspended only by the dildo. The
spikes gradually shred your intestines and internal organs. It takes an awfully
long time for the dildo to rip completely out. The reason the victim doesn't
pass out is that they are upside down and the blood keeps the brain oxygenated.
At the moment, I don't have any one I want to execute but I do have a DVD you
can watch. You know a picture is worth a thousand words."

  Candace rolled over a small cart that had a laptop computer on the top. She
opened the laptop and launched the media player. She selected the DVD player as
the file source as clicked the play button. She adjusted the sound then pushed
the screen back until it hung over the edge of the cart giving the upside down
Hoover a right side up view.

  "You can hear that, can't you?" asked Candace turning the sound up very loud.

  "Yes," replied Hoover too frightened to say anything more than necessary.

  "I'll leave you to watch. I have some notes to go over in the other room,"
said Candace as she walked out of Hoover's vision. He heard a door opening and
closing. Hoover watched the screen as the scene opened.

  There was a man, a woman and a young girl suspended upside down exactly like
he was. There was a uniformed officer standing between the three naked bodies.
He kept running his hands over the pussies of the two women as he made comments
in a language that Hoover recognized as Spanish. The man wasn't saying a word in
response. After a few moments of not getting answers, the officer made a hand
motion between the woman's outstretched legs. The woman started to scream
immediately. And the screams were the kind that made your skin crawl, especially
if there was a chance that it could be you. The screams did not let up. The
officer unties the ropes attached to the woman's ankles and walked away. The DVD
showed a close up of the dildo that had begin to shred the woman's rectum. The
dildo's spikes shredded her bowels as her body twirled propelled by madly
kicking legs.

  Hoover would look away for a while but would be drawn back to the screen by an
especially loud scream of agony. After a while, he noticed that the dildo had
pulled out of the woman's asshole a few inches.

  God, what a way to die thought Hoover.

  After maybe thirty minutes, Candace returned. The woman was still screaming
with her legs kicking wildly in the air.

  "Here, I don't have all day, let me show you the finale," said Candace as she
adjusted the media player to the last few minutes. Hoover saw that the bloody
dildo was almost all the way out of the woman's rectum. She was still screaming.
All of a sudden the dildo pulled loose and the woman crashed to the floor still
screaming. Her asshole spurted out a fountain of dark blood. She trashed around
on the floor kicking wildly. In a few minutes, the woman quit screaming and
collapsed. The unformed officer reappeared. He felt the girl's pussy as he said
something to the man. He started providing rapid replies to the officer's
questions.

  "We should get a subtitled version," said Candace.

  "Please don't do that to me, for the love of Jesus, I'll do anything you say.
Just name it."

  "Whether or not I push the red button and shred your bowel is up to you. If
you agree to report to Ron Worthington exactly as I instruct you, we can take
you down and let you go. I believe in both the carrot and the stick. You can
call Ron from Maria Consuela's bedroom so she can listen in. She'll fuck your
brains out just like she did today. That's part of your carrot. I'll also employ
you to work for me at the same $2000 rate Mike is paying. If you don't want to
do that I can push the little red button, untie the leg ropes and let you take a
couple of hours to die. Then we'll put you in a metal barrel along with several
well mixed bags of concrete. A fishing boat will take your body out in the
Atlantic and push it out where the bottom is deepest. No one will ever know what
happened to you. It's your choice."

  "I'll do exactly as you say. I'll call Ron from her apartment. I'll say what
you want."

  "All right, here take a look at these," said Candace taking some photos out of
the manila folder. They were pictures of his sister Carrie picking his two
nieces up from school.

  "There's no reason for my sister to be involved."

  "You're right but if you decide to double cross me, I promise you that you're
going to wind up exactly where you are now except that before you have you
asshole ripped apart, you're going to watch Carrie, Anna, and Julie taking a
Zapatista Enema before you take yours."

  "Don't worry, you can count on me. I'll be reliable."

  Candace stood up grabbed the base of the dildo and slowly pulled it out of
Hoover's asshole. She found herself holding and stroking his cock as she
carefully removed it from his asshole.

  "You're out of danger. Mexican products are not the most reliable. You do have
a nice large cock." Candace was slowly stroking Hoover's cock. With the dildo
removed, he relaxed enough to enjoy it and even started to get aroused.

  "It's been a long day and I'm horny. Let's seal the deal with a quick fuck,"
said Candace as she untied the rope from the cleats in the wall and slowly
lowered Hoover down. Hoover was amazed that Candace was able to lower him
without any noticeable strain. Hoover hit the scale at 180 pounds and he would
guess Candace Williams at 110 at the most. But using one hand, she lowered him
slowly to where his head touched the floor and then his body."

  Candace rolled Hoover over and untied his hands from behind his back. Hoover
started rubbing his arms and hands to get the feeling back. He watched in
amazement as Candace removed her clothes and carefully placed them on the back
of the chair where she had been seated. In a matter of moments, he was staring
up at a nude Candace Williams.

  My God she is incredibly beautiful thought Hoover.

  "Lick me," said Candace squatting over Hoover's face using her fingers to
spread her labia.

  Hoover's tongue took a long slow swipe across Candace's hole. He felt a warm
liquid coat his tongue. Hoover worked at licking Candace's pussy. Her juices
flowed onto his tongue and he found himself stopping every so often to swallow
another mouthful of her glandular secretions.

  "Now, do my asshole," said Candace as she moved slightly forward.

  Hoover was astounded to see her anal ring start to dilate. A dark brown turd
slowly protruded through her open anal ring.

  "Open up, Hoover, and wrap your lips around the end of my turd. Keep your lips
around it as you bite it off in small chunks. Chew it up and swallow," said
Candace.

  If right up to that moment, someone had asked Hoover McNally if he would ever
eat a woman's shit, he would have been pissed that anyone had asked the
question. Absolutely fucking not, not even to save my mother's life, would have
been his answer. But Hoover knew that he no longer had control over his will. He
eagerly took the stick of shit between his lips, used his front teeth to bite
off the first inch and chewed it up with his back teeth. Hoover had a sense of
accomplishment that he was able to do this awful disgusting thing to please
Candace. It took six or seven healthy bites but Hoover managed to consume
Candace's turd in its entirety. He found himself licking her asshole to clean
off the last traces of feces when he finished swallowing.

  "Now, I'll give you something to wash it down," said Candace as she positioned
her urethra over Hoover.

  Hoover opened wide as he felt the warm liquid land in his mouth. He managed to
keep his mouth open as he swallowed mouthful after mouthful until Candace
finally stopped.

  "I should have gone earlier. That's a good boy, Hoover. From now on, I'll have
Maria Consuela piss in your mouth when you fuck. You'll like that, won't you?"
said Candace looking down to see Hoover licking golden drops off her pussy.

  "Yes, Candace, I'll love it," said Hoover.

Candace knelt between his outstretched legs and went to work on his cock with
her mouth. Hoover had thought that Maria Consuela had given him the best blowjob
he had ever received but Candace was in another dimension. She was able to
swallow the total ten inches. His cock was in her throat as her tongue licked
his balls. Hoover could only remember one time before that he had been deep
throated to the balls. That had been years ago. A black prostitute had taken it
all after he and Tony had arrested her for soliciting. Inside of a couple of
minutes, he was hard as a rock.

  Candace mounted him and rode him to a climax that Hoover swore caused his
heart to stop for several seconds. Her pussy was a throbbing, white-hot mass of
pulsating muscular flesh that made Hoover feel he was connected to some
phantasmagoric machine to forcefully extract his jism. When he climaxed, he felt
his semen being sucked under great pressure. His balls reached to a vacuum
inside his nut sack painfully pressing against the opening that connected them
to his penis. Hoover felt an enormous pain in his balls as the last dregs of cum
raced out into Candace's vagina. Her cunt sucked the sperm out of my balls
realized Hoover.

  Candace climaxed with Hoover and then gently rode him as his cock softened.

  When he looked up, Candace leaned over and kissed him pushing her tongue into
his mouth.

  "I love the taste of shit and piss on a man's lips. I'm going to occasionally
fuck you. If I can find the time, Maria Consuela and I can do a three way with
you one afternoon," said Candace.

  Hoover watched in amazement as Candace got up and started to dress.  Maria
Consuela and the large woman, he later learned was Rhonda Powers came into the
room and handed him back his clothes. He dressed quickly. Candace gave him a
kiss on the cheek before she left. The two women drove him back to his car.
Maria Consuela gave him a kiss and they agreed to meet back at the apartment at
1:00PM tomorrow.

  "Come early so we can fuck," was how Maria Consuela put it and Hoover readily
agreed.




Chapter 15 - Broadening Dan's Horizons



Please take note! Adults Only Literature

The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written for
adults only.

If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing this
file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
now.

This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
is purely coincidental, etc.

Copyright 2003

                                                                ****

  "Oh that feels good, eat it raw," grunted Dan Williams as he forced another
inch of a large dark brown turd into the open mouth of Lena Holt. He could hear
her noisily chewing his shit then gulping it down. Her huge thick lips encircled
his open butt hole as her cow like tongue swirled around his rectum teasing the
feces out of his ass. Her lips formed a tight seal over his anus. As his turd
slowly emerged, he felt her sucking it into her mouth.

  Lena's vacuuming the shit out of my butt thought Dan. The nerve endings
surrounding my anus feel the strong suction Lena is applying to my anal ring. I
never felt anything like this. She's sucking shit out of my rectum like an Oreck
vacuum. She really craves it.

  Dan turned his head when he heard his partner grunt loudly. Dan looked over at
Bernice's face to admire the look of concentration as she slowly squeezed a body
temperature turd into the hungry sucking mouth attached to her rectum.

  Bernice Creswell was about three feet away taking her dump in the mouth of
Lena's identical twin sister Lana.  Lena and Lana were semi-famous as the Holt
twins. Publicly, they were best known for weighing in at 325 pounds each. They
were less well known for being charter members of a New England sado-masochistic
club that practiced among other perversions scatology.

  It was Saturday night and Dan and Bernice were at their first appointment at
the Bransford Farms Club for Extreme Fetishism, the formal name for the
establishment. It had been a two-hour drive southward from north of Boston to
the isolated estate located on a peninsula near Buzzards Bay. A computer
software billionaire who decades ago had created the world's first commercially
successful spreadsheet program had purchased the property and grounds. He turned
the mansion into a world-class facility dedicated to various perversions and
fetishes of the BDS&M lifestyle.  Bernice and her ex husband were close friends
of the estate's owner, Mitch Kapoor. They had helped him found the most exotic
and extreme BDSM club on America's east coast. The estate provided the primary
venue where the club met. After Bernice's divorce, both she and her ex retained
their membership privileges.

  "You never know what really turns you on until you experience it," advised
Bernice when she suggested that she and Dan spend the night there.

  That afternoon Bernice and Dan had been resting in their luxurious suite
waiting for the night's activities to start.  The top two floors of the mansion
provided elegant Victorian style living quarters for the club members. The first
floor contained the meeting rooms, the kitchen, the theatre, and the dining
areas. The basement and sub-basements were designed as play areas each devoted
to particular fetishes. No expense had been spared to equip the mansion for the
perverted tastes of the club members.

  Among devotees of sado-masochism, Bransford Farms was considered to be
America's East Coast Mecca for those whose sexual preferences were extreme.
Submissives had been known to accidentally die during the weekend fetish
parties. An ocean going motor sailboat was anchored immediately off shore. It
was available to dump the occasional body out to sea.

   Security was very tight and getting past the gate guards included exiting the
car for a thorough strip search. Bernice had warned Dan that Mitch, the club
founder and still president, insisted that the guards perform a complete strip
search of every member and guest. It usually included humiliation mixed with
sex.

  "Its kind of Mitch's little joke. He has a very quirky side. The guards can do
pretty much what they want with you unless you're a submissive. Submissives are
gently searched and offered champagne while their masters are humiliated."

  "That does sound odd," said Dan pulling off the main road on to a private
drive marked "Private Drive No Trespassers."

  If you're there early and the guards aren't sexually worn out, anything's
likely to happen. But on the other hand, it's important that no weapons, camera,
or recording devices are allowed in Bransford Farms," said Bernice as they
approached the club entrance located a half mile down the private road. "You
don't mind if they give you a rectal search? I think they call it a finger
wave."

  "No, as long as the use some lube. I'm up for it," replied Dan who considered
the idea of their being forced to strip for the guards erotic.

  "You have the advantage of having only one cavity to search," said Bernice as
they drove up to a large iron gate. Bernice identified herself using the
intercom. In a moment, the gate slowly began to open. Dan drove his Lexus past
the open gate and stopped. Both he and Bernice stepped out of the car as the
guards opened the doors.

  "Good afternoon, Mrs. Creswell and this must be your guest, Mr. Williams. Can
I see some identification?" said the Supervisor extending his hand toward Dan.
Dan promptly handed over his Massachusetts driver license.  The Supervisor
compared the driver's license and a picture of Dan he had on his clipboard to
Dan. Once the Supervisor was satisfied that Dan was genuine, he handed him back
his license.

  "Get undressed," ordered the Supervisor.

  Dan had expected to go inside the small guard building for the body search but
Bernice immediately pulled her cotton sweater over her head exposing her lacy
brasserie. Dan began to quickly unbutton his shirt. The idea of having to take
all their clothes off outdoors while being watched by six uniformed male guards
gave Dan an immediate erection.

  Shirtless, Dan slipped off his Gucci loafers as he unbuckled his belt. He
paced himself to arrive at a stage of complete nudity just as Bernice rolled her
panty down her legs and kicked them off toward the Supervisor who caught them
with his free hand. 

  "Nice catch, Rollin," said Bernice.

  "Lean on the fender and spread your legs," said one of the guards to Dan. Dan
saw that the guard was wearing latex gloves and carrying a tube of K-Y jelly.
Dan placed his palms on the fender spreading his legs over a shoulder length
apart. His cock was very hard as he felt the guard use one hand to spread his
butt cheeks while he smeared K-Y over his anus.

  "Mr. Williams, must be anticipating having a good time," said he guard taking
Dan's erection in his hand and stroking it as he began to work the lubricant
into Dan's butthole. This occasioned some snickering from the guards. Dan was
well-hung and hard as rock due to the situation and the stroking by the guard.

  "Well, what do you expect? He's with Bernice. Everyone knows what kind of
whore she is, right darling," said Rollin, the Supervisor. This occasioned more
laughter from the guards. Dan let out a quick breath as the guard's fingers
worked their way past his anal ring and slipped a couple of inches into his
rectum. Dan tried to relax as the guard pushed his index finger as far as it
would reach. He felt the finger being waived against his prostate. Dan
involuntary squeezed the finger in his rectum and pushed back to force the
finger further in his hole. A drop of pre-cum appeared at the tip of his cock.

  "No contraband in Mr. William's asshole," said the guard matter-of-factly as
he continued to finger Dan's rectum a few more seconds.

  Dan was disappointed when the guard removed his fingers and handed him a box
of tissue. Dan found himself wishing that the guard had inserted his cock and
given him a good fucking right there while everyone watched.

  "I think this one would like a good cornhole. He was humping my finger," said
the guard laughing.

  "Show Mr. Williams your cock, Leon," said Rollin speaking to a tall black
youth standing next to the naked Bernice. "Mr. Williams, if you're willing to
let Leon butt fuck you with all ten inches, we'll make an exception to our
regular policy of not fucking guests."

  Dan watched as Leon unzipped his trousers, fished out a long smooth black cock
and began to stroke it. 

  "Leon loves to fuck rich white boys who drive nice cars. His only complaint is
that they tend to whimper and whine too much when he splits their rectum open.
Still interested?" asked the Supervisor.

  Dan answered by lying face down on the fender with his feet spread wide. He
reached back and pulled his ass cheeks part.

  "Go to it, Leon. Grady, you search Bernice. Do her asshole first. Make her
squeal," said Rollin.

  When Dan looked across the hood, he saw Bernice lay down on the opposite
fender. Her large breasts were smashed against the sheet metal as Grady reached
down to take a handful of her hair and pull it back forcing her head upward.
Grady pulled hard and Dan witnessed the pain in Bernice's face as her scalp was
stretched back.

  Bernice reached her arms across the hood toward Dan. Dan stretched out to grab
Bernice's hands as he felt Leon position his cock at Dan's anus and begin to
push. A muscular looking blonde guy was standing at Bernice's butt. Dan watched
as the guy leaned over to drool out a large gob of spit on Bernice's butthole.
Bernice grimaced as Grady worked his spit into her dry asshole.

  "Get the head in, Grady, and we'll sink it home on the count of three," said
Leon forcing his cockhead past Dan's anus.

 Dan gave out a quick breath, as his butt hole was stretch around Leon's cock.
When he glanced around, he saw that the other three guards and Rollin were
intently watching what was about to happen.

  "One, two, three, take that motherfucker," yelled Leon as he drove his cock up
Dan's rectum until his balls slapped against Dan's. Bernice let out a little
gasp as her body moved forward in response to Grady shoving his cock all the way
up her ass. Dan moaned and twisted as Leon's cock traveled a full ten inches up
his lower intestine. Dan felt the contents of his gut move upward as the big
cock plowed his butt.

  "Fuck the whore and her fag friend," yelled one of the watching guards.

  Leon and Grady began a slow rhythmic ass fucking of Dan and Bernice. Dan loved
the sensation created by Leon's cock as it passed up and down his lower GI
tract. It created a suction drawing the walls of his bowel inward as it exited
then forcing them wide apart as it traveled upward. Dan had relaxed and was
squeezing Leon's cock exactly like it was a big turd that he was forcing out. It
was the way Uncle Mike had taught him to be ass fucked. The pleasure of trying
to force Leon's cock out of his ass was causing Dan's cock to drip cum on the
side of his Lexus.

  "You're a pretty good fuck for a white boy," said Leon as he picked up the
pace. Leon had a firm grip on Dan's hips and was using them to propel himself
forward driving into Dan's butt with a quick, forceful motion that slammed Dan
against the fender. Bernice was moaning loudly each time Grady sunk his cock
into her ass.

  Dan heard movement back toward the gate and turned his head to watch a Bentley
ease past the gate and come to stop only inches from Dan's rear bumper. Dan
watched as two couples and a young man emerged from the Bentley and began to
take their clothes off. As they undressed, they watched Dan and Bernice being
with some interest.

  "Pack her shit down, Grady, Hi Bernice, who's your friend, the one on the end
of Leon's cock?" yelled one of the women who was already leaning over the
Bentley's passenger side front sticking her butt out for one of the guards to
inspect.

  "Dan Williams, a guest," replied Bernice.

  "Candace William's husband? Oh yes, Alan, fuck me, baby, just like I was your
Momma," said the other woman who had also spread herself across the Bentley's
other fender. One of the guards had entered her pussy and was busily fucking
her. The naked young man was drinking champagne from a crystal flute as he
watched the two couples being searched.

  "Is your wife here, Dan?' asked the other woman who by this time had been
mounted by a guard and was being fucked.

  "No, busy campaigning," responded Dan wondering how these strangers knew about
Candace. Dan returned to concentrating on the delicious feelings caused by
Leon's invasion of his rectum. From the sounds coming from the Bentley, both
women were being fucked and enjoying themselves immensely.

  God how I love a good ass fucking thought Dan as he relaxed against the fender
and accepted the fierce butt plowing that Leon delivered.

  Dan and Bernice held each other's hands, as they were ass fucked. Within a
matter of a couple of minutes, Leon and Grady filled their rectums with semen.

  "Clean it off, white boy," said Leon as he pulled Dan off the fender. Dan fell
to his knees and began to suck and lick Leon's cock. On the other side of the
car, Bernice was doing the same to Grady.

  "Thanks, Grady," said Bernice wiping her mouth with the back of her hand.

  "Thanks, Leon," said Dan getting to his feet with the taste of his own asshole
in his mouth.

  Dan looked back to see one of New England's most prominent banker executives
down on his knees sucking Rollin's cock. The other man unknown to Dan was also
sucking gate guard cock as their two women companions were being noisily fucked.
The young man was being encouraged to let both the kneeling men suck his long
straight cock.

  "We need to dress and drive to the house. I see the Graham's have bought their
sub. I think his name is Robert," said Bernice interrupting Dan's reverie.

  "Do they greet everyone that way?' asked Dan as they drove toward the large
mansion. He was enjoying the sensation of sperm leaking out of his asshole.

  "No, just those who get their first which I made sure we did. Later in the
afternoon, the guards get fucked out and it's strictly a rubber glove cavity
search. Mitch insists that the guard be able to do whatever they want with the
members. Mitch's favorite fetish is humiliation. Most of the members and guests
are wealthy prominent citizens. The idea that $10 an hour security guards are
allowed to humiliate and sexually abuse New England's finest is Mitch's idea of
a joke," said Bernice.

  "I'm surprised they let the guards have their way with them," said Dan.

  "Mitch makes the rules and the first one is that you have to be willing to
endure a little humiliation to get past the gate.  Normally, they don't screw
male guests in the ass but they could tell you wanted a cock in your butt. Your
face had a look of pure ecstasy when Leon was corn holing you. But it's the
guard's choice. Rollin knows what he's doing. Last year, one of the members
brought his daughter for the first time. She was only sixteen. Rollin made daddy
and mommy watch while all six guards gangbanged her in every hole. Of course,
the girl loved it. Mitch gave Rollin a raise when he heard about it. If you
can't take it as well as dish it out, Mitch says you don't belong at Bransford
Farms," said Bernice.

   "I like this place before I even get inside. I love the feeling of warm cum
seeping out of my butthole," said Dan.

  "Me too, I suggest that when we get to our room, we do a little hole work.
I'll suck Leon's spunk out of yours if you'll suck Grady's out of mine," said
Bernice.

  "You got a deal. Let's hurry and get to our room," said Dan looking toward the
huge mansion in the distance. The Atlantic was kicking up whitecaps across
Buzzard's Bay.

  "Looks quite innocent and beautiful, doesn't it?" said Bernice.

  "It's magnificent. What an incredible view. And the mansion is huge," said
Dan.

  "Yes, after she wins the election, we'll bring Candace here and let her relax.
Anna Estelle can be your submissive," said Bernice.

  "Yes, we can whip our little au pair until she begs us to stop," said Dan.

  Since his first three ways with Anna Estelle, Bernice had been Dan's guide in
exploring the world of sado-masochism. S&M wasn't something that Dan had never
thought about until that night Bernice had showed him how much pleasure there
was in causing Anna Estelle pain. Anna Estelle surprised him by achieving an
orgasm while having her ass whipped cherry red while her nipples were flattened
in a pair of alligator clamps. Dan had climaxed in Anna Estelle's bloody little
rectum all the while feeling the huge strap on dildo Bernice used to savage her
cunt. It was brutal and violent and it made Dan experience an orgasm far more
intense than he had in the past.

  "I know a place where you can explore other things, things most people might
read about in books but never experience," said Bernice. "I can arrange to take
you there. We could sample a number of fetishes. It'd be a marvelous opportunity
for you to explore S&M."

  Dan had quickly agreed. Bernice had made the arrangements. When they arrived
mid afternoon, Dan had been surprised that the place looked just like a country
estate for someone very, very rich.

  "All the play areas are below ground. That way the place looks pretty normal
to outsiders. Besides, when they're below ground, it's harder to hear the
screams of the subs," said Bernice when Dan asked why there were no whips or
chains on the walls.

   Playtime didn't start until after dark so Bernice suggested they spend a
couple of hours straight fucking to get them in the mood for tonight. Bernice
had just finished sucking Dan off when she told him of the first item on their
agenda. Dan had watched as Bernice had rolled his semen back in forth in her
mouth for three or four minutes before she gulped it down.

  "God, I love the taste of your cum. I just can't get enough of it," said
Bernice as she slowly licked Dan's softening cock.

  "Tell me about tonight. How wicked will it be?" asked Dan moving his fingers
through Bernice's hair as she flicked the head of her dick with her pink tongue.

  "Very wicked, bizarre, evil, you'll have an exceptional night. To begin, I've
scheduled us for an hour in the Scat Room. The Holt twins will be our
hostesses." Bernice said as she took one of Dan's balls in her mouth and gently
sucked it.

  "Scat as in piss and shit, I don't know that I'm ready for or even interested
in that."

  "Well you can just watch me or you can join me in and be a giver and who
knows, you might decide to become a real player. Scat is about degradation and
humiliation. I got the impression you enjoyed being humiliated by the guards
when we arrived. There's nothing more degrading you can do than shit in
someone's mouth while they eat it. "

  "I don't have to let someone piss or shit in my mouth if I don't want to,"
quibbled Dan.

  "Correct, but you can feed a hot turd into one of the Holt twins mouths if you
have the urge. I have a premonition about you and scat. Just relax and do what
feels good. Having someone eat your shit as it passes out your asshole is one of
life's extreme perversities," said Bernice as she lifted Dan's leg to gain
access to his anus for her tongue. "Here, let me suck more of Leon's jism out of
your asshole."

  "Please do, it's mixed with my shit and turned brown," said Dan.

   "Want me to eat your shit? I will you know. Just force one out and I'll take
it," said Bernice as she probed Dan's rectum with her tongue.

  "Although what you're doing is mind blowing, I'll wait till we get to those
twins you mentioned to take a dump. I don't want to get shit all over the bed
we're going to sleep in," said Dan.

  "All right, we'll wait but if you need to go potty, just remember I'm willing
to serve as your toilet slave," said Bernice as she moved up to kiss Dan on the
lips.

  "Have you ever been a toilet slave before?" asked Dan tongue kissing Bernice's
parted lips.

  "Yes, for Ernest and his mother and father, the first time I was being
punished. Ernest caught me screwing some construction workers without his
permission. I was walking by the building site and they started yelling nasty
things at me. I got turned on and went inside, stripped, lay down on a stack of
sheet rock and spread my legs. They lined up and fucked me for six hours. One of
them went through my purse and got Ernie's cell number and called him so he
could listen to his wife being gangbanged. His mom selected my punishment," said
Bernice.

  "Ernest always seemed like such a regular fellow. I did his taxes you know,"
said Dan.

  "In many ways, Ernest is perfectly normal. But when it comes to sexual
matters, he was under the control of daddy and momma. They called the shots. I
was a submissive at that time and the three of them used me when they brought me
here for the first time. Ernest's Mom, Aileen, delighted in taking a big nasty
smelly dump in my mouth. The three of them ate cabbage, squash, and spinach
before we arrived here."

  "You had sex with the three of them?" asked Dan.

  "Many times after they whipped me senseless or forced me to eat a bucket of
warm shit washed down with a pitcher of their piss, Ernie's mom enjoyed causing
another person pain more than anyone I've ever known. She was also incredibly
good at it. One time she caused me to scream to the point I lost my voice and
couldn't make a sound for a week. She only used a hat pin," said Bernice.

  "Sounds intense, but how'd she do it with just a hatpin, " asked Dan.

   "It was intense. Aileen was expert at anatomy. She knew what parts of the
skeleton were closest to the surface and where the most sensitive nerve endings
were found. She would slip the hatpin under the skin and scrape the point across
the bone. Her favorite was the sternum. Bone scraping is so painful you go out
of your mind. A few minutes with Mom and most subs would be begging her to kill
them.   Once I saw her use her hatpin on a male sub's penis. When she finished,
he was out of his mind. His master had to have him destroyed. Sometimes I miss
her," said Bernice wistfully.

  "Will Ernest and parents be here tonight?" asked Dan.

  "Both his parents died in a plane crash in Brazil. But Ernest and new wife
Leila may be here. Who knows, we may play together," said Bernice.

  Dan had napped for two hours. He woke refreshed and looking forward to
experiencing what Bransford Farms had to offer.

  Bernice had been uncannily correct. Dan had quickly gotten to be more than a
giver of scat once the action started.

  There was a plastic cup of Dan's urine near Lena's hand in case she needed to
wash his shit down.  Actually with the Holt twins, Bernice explained you were
experiencing several perversions at once. Both girls were mountains of corpulent
flesh. Fat hung in folds from their shoulders down. Access to their vagina was
possible only when the twins were on their stomach with their legs spread and
you reached your hand in to part the thick folds of fat. It took strength to
force apart heavy flaps of flesh and extend your hands into their pussies. At
Bernice's suggestion, he had felt Lena up and he did find it erotic to slide his
hands between the thick labial lips and finger the fatty openings of their
vaginas. Both girls found the slightest movement taxing and they always seemed
to be panting for breath.

  "You may get into chubbiness. Some people take one look at all that fat and
get aroused. They run their hands over those folds of flesh and find them
erotic. I've seen women and men orgasm while licking their stretch marks. Some
men like to fuck their fat creases and folds with their cocks till they
ejaculate in a deep crevice," said Bernice as she and Dan were stripping naked
to join the Holt sisters in the Scat Room.

   Dan had traced his fingers through the deep creases between the folds of fat
and passed his tongue across wide deep stretch marks in their protruding
abdomens. He found that interesting but not deeply erotic. But scat itself was
turning out to be very interesting to Dan. There was also the perversion of sex
with twins which Dan had never considered until Bernice mentioned it.

  "There is a couple here who are into sex with identical twins, sometimes
girls, other times boys. They have sex with them on the stage while everybody
watches. He owns several blocks of downtown Boston real estate. They fly twins
in from all over the world on his private jet. Once he flew these Siamese girl
twins here. They were joined at the hip. He and his wife had sex with them then
let the audience have them. I ate one of them while Ernie fucked the other. They
climaxed together. They claimed that orgasms were shared. If you ate one to a
climax, they both got off. It was fortunate that the couple were both turned on
by such an odd fetish," explained Bernice.

  But beyond being identical twins and grossly overweight, the Holt girls were
the queens of the Scat Room.  At that moment each girl was on a vinyl padded
bench with a headrest that raised their large jar shaped heads up so they could
swallow. Dan guessed their ages as mid twenties. At that weight and diet, he
didn't think they would make it to forty. Thirty-five seemed a more likely life
span.

  Whoever designed the Scat Room knew how it was going to be used thought Dan.
The floor and walls were tiled and there were sunken drains in the floor.
Everything was vinyl, stainless steel, or tile.  Nothing was fabric. There was a
faucet and neatly rolled hose on each wall. There was even a nearby shower room
where he and Bernice could clean the shit off and redress.

  Still, Dan wouldn't want to be the guy who cleaned the Scat Room after a busy
night. When he and Bernice arrived, the floor was inches deep in shit and they
were only the third couple to reserve the room. In his very first step into the
room, shit squished between his toes.

  Dan arrived thinking that scat was not going to be his thing but he was still
willing to experience it. Dan knew that most perversions were a turn on the very
first time you experienced them. The question was whether it would make you hard
six months from now. When they had entered the room and found Lena and Lana
hosing shit off each other, he had gotten a hard on.

  It had started with both girls sitting on a toilet chair and shitting in a
clear plastic pail while Dan and Bernice watched. Bernice had reached in the
pail, grabbed a handful of shit and smeared it over his hardening cock. He had
reciprocated by taking a double handful and working it into Bernice's large
breasts and then rubbing her clit with his shit covered hand. The Holt twins
smeared their bodies with shit and then rubbed themselves on Dan and Bernice. It
was sort of a group grope lubricated by human feces.

  Dan along with Bernice was invited to piss in a large plastic cup. On the
drive down, they had each drank two liters of water. Dan at Bernice's insistence
had been holding it for what seemed liked hours and filled the cup to the brim.
The twins took a long swallow from each cup. Dan watched as Bernice took his cup
looked him in the eye and drank. He found himself so turned on that he took
Bernice's cup out of Lana's hand and drank. His cock registered maximum hardness
as Bernice's warm pee flowed into his stomach. It felt strange to have his
stomach full of Bernice's piss but it was definitely making him hot. Well, if
shit wasn't his thing, maybe piss was thought Dan.

  He and Bernice watched the Holt girls reach in the bucket and take out little
pieces of their own shit, chew them up, and swallow them. Then Bernice joined
them and filled her own mouth with their shit. Bernice pressed her shit filled
mouth against Lana's and they tongue kissed swapping shit between them. Bernice
gave Dan a look that said 'Are you in or out?'

  Dan decided he was in. He took Bernice in his arms, opened his mouth and
pressed his lips to hers. He felt her tongue push some shit into his mouth. He
managed to chew it up and swallow it without retching.  Dan tongue kissed the
shit-covered lips of both twins. Next Bernice started to gorge herself on the
twin's shit. Bernice kept one shit-covered hand stroking Dan's dick while the
other repeatedly dipped into the bucket, grabbed a handful of shit and stuffed
it into her mouth. The Holt twins started rubbing Bernice's clit as she consumed
their shit. As she ate faster, they rubbed faster. Dan watched their pudgy
fingers drawing circles in shit around Bernice's clit.  It reminded him of a
child's finger painting. Finally, Bernice grabbed a double handful of shit and
forced it into her mouth like a person who hadn't eaten for a week. As she
chewed and swallowed, she reached an orgasm. Dan watched her throat as it
swallowed mouthful after mouthful of excrement. Bernice's orgasm ended as she
swallowed the last mouthful of the twin's warm feces.

  Her mouth and face were smeared with feces. Bernice had almost emptied the
bucket. There was a small handful remaining. Dan looked directly at Bernice and
opened his mouth in surrender. Bernice took the small turd and placed it in
Dan's mouth. He chewed it up and swallowed it.

  Man, this is beyond wild thought Dan.

  "You too lay on your backs with your heads side by side and we'll give you a
golden shower," said Lena.

  Dan positioned himself on a thin vinyl cushion that served as a floor mat.
Bernice's head was right beside his. They were ear to ear with their feet in
opposite directions. Dan was looking up at the ceiling when Lena straddled their
head. He looked up to see the folds of fat that cascaded off her thighs. She
reached her pudgy hands down and pulled her labia apart.

  "Open up," said Lena.

  Dan knew what coming and opened his mouth. He sensed Bernice was doing the
same. Warm strong yellow piss rained down all over his face. When his mouth
partially filled, he swallowed. After a moment, it stopped and he looked up to
see Lana was replacing Lena. There was more urine and he help swallowing until
Lana finished. Bernice rose up and gave him a passionate kiss, her mouth
stinking of piss and shit. Dan could tell she was deeply into scat as a
perversion.

  "How about some warm caviar for us from you two" asked Lana?

  And that was where Dan was now forcing out a nice steaming hot turd into
Lena's mouth. Her lips were wrapped around it, slowly masticating and swallowing
as it emerged from his rectum. When the turd was finished, Lena let out a
satisfying belch and sighed 'good shit'. Then Bernice grabbed his hand and said
"I want to eat your shit tonight. I want to swallow it as comes out of your
asshole. Give me some caviar as it dumps out your ass."

  Dan nodded his agreement. He had never imagined himself involved in scat. Let
alone being turned on by it.

  Bernice and the twins took him over to a toilet chair and sat him down.
Bernice got on her back face directly under the chair. She was lying down on the
shit covered tile floor. When Dan looked down between his legs, he saw she was
waiting with her mouth wide open. It took a moment's concentration before his
sphincter opened and a fat stick of shit emerged.

  "Oh, it's going to be a big one," said Bernice excitedly.

  Lana was licking Bernice's sit covered clit. Lena was nearby masturbating
herself with a shit-covered hand. There were feces smeared over most of her huge
body. As his turd reached her lips, Bernice begin to chew and swallow.  After a
few minutes of releasing it inch by inch, he felt something break loose and his
bowels emptied a bucket load of soft loose shit over Bernice's head. When he
looked down, he saw that Bernice's face was covered in several inches of very
dark, almost black, shit. Bernice was busily using her fingers to push the soft
shit into her mouth so she could swallow it.

  "That was wonderful. I love loose caviar. Now, piss in my mouth," pleaded
Bernice.

  Dan aimed his dick downward and let his stream flow. Bernice swallowed as her
mouth filled.

  "I want your shit too," said Dan as he helped Bernice to her feet.

  "I knew it, lover. Somehow I knew you'd be swallowing a warm turd right out of
my ass before tonight was over. I got a hot soft one just waiting to be eaten,"
said Bernice as they swapped positions.

  Dan felt his back sink slowly in the three inches of feces covering the floor.
He opened his mouth as he saw Bernice's sphincter open and the tip of a light
brown turd appear. One of the twins was sucking his cock. There was something
terribly erotic about watching the way Bernice's asshole opened up and the end
of the golden brown turd appeared. A piece of soft shit fell into his mouth and
he swallowed it. That was followed a large clump of warm oozing feces that he
had to work hard to swallow. He kept swallowing until Bernice finished. He
raised his head up and licked the tail of shit off Bernice's butt hole.

  "Wash it down with this," said Bernice as she let go a stream of piss into
Dan's open mouth.

  "You two are definitely players, want to try the ultimate?" asked Lana.

  "Yes," said Dan not knowing or caring what the ultimate was.

  "Lay down side by side on the floor and hold each other and start kissing,"
said Lana.

  Dan and Bernice were licking shit and piss out of each other's mouths when
Lena gave them each a small paper cup of a chalky medicine to drink.

  "Drink it together and then hold each other very tight and keep tongue
kissing. It works quickly," said Lena as she and Lana got down on the floor with
considerable effort. Lena took a handful of shit off the floor and used it to
cover Dan's cock. Then Lena took Dan's shit covered cock in her mouth and
started sucking it. Dan could see that Lana's mouth was stimulating Bernice's
clit that was similarly buried in two inches of feces.

  They downed the medicinal tasting contents of the paper cup and went back to
kissing. In a matter of seconds, Dan felt his stomach start to rumble. Dan
quickly realized he had just drunk an emetic and would be puking his guts out in
a few seconds. He felt Bernice's stomach give a couple of strong heaves and then
felt his mouth fill with her vomit. That was all it took for Dan's stomach to
react. Somehow they kept passionately kissing as they spewed vomit over one
another, both attempting to puke into the other's open mouth. Dan's vomit was a
mixture of shit, piss, and chunky, half-digested pieces of the seafood dinner he
had eaten when they stopped on the drive there. It took several minutes for
everything to come up but after a while they both stopped puking although they
did keep kissing as they retched in each other's mouth.

  Dan felt his hard cock bean to twitch inside Lena's mouth. Her fat shit
covered lips caressed his cock as she sucked him. He was trying to swallow his
and Bernice's puke back down in order to prolong their exchange of vomit.
Finally, he couldn't hold back any longer and spurted cum into Lena's mouth as
his guts spayed a final burst of vomit into the air.

  Dan lay there covered with filth too exhausted to move. He came back to
awareness when he felt a warm stream of water playing across his body. When he
looked up, he saw Lana and Lena were hosing them off. Dan slowly stood up then
helped Bernice to her feet. Dan stood there while they washed the worst of it
off his body.

  Bernice and he showered together. Bernice had been right about you not knowing
what really turned you on until you tried it. They had taken a warm leisurely
shower together. They washed each other carefully to clean the shit out of the
hard to reach places. They flushed each other's ears with a cleansing solution.
When they were done, they put on thick terry cloth robes and relaxed in the
dressing room. Bernice removed two cans of Red Bull from the mini-refrigerator,
poured them over a glass of ice and handed one to him.

  "What's that?" asked Dan

  "Red Bull, its an energy drink, caffeine and sugar, it'll get us going again."

  "What's next?"

  "A rare treat, our names were selected to punish a young married couple that
got themselves into a little situation, we get to go first."

  "Tell me more," said Dan thinking how erotic it would be to whip a wife in
front of her husband.

  Bernice opened a manila folder and began to read from a typed sheet.

  "Alex Bachman is twenty four and a salesman for IBM. He's 5'11 and weighs 175
pounds. Kathy Bachman is also twenty-four and a fitness instructor and manager
for Boston Sports Clubs. Kathy is 5'6" tall and weighs 111 pounds," read Bernice
as she handed Dan a picture of the couple in wedding attire.

  "Nice looking couple, what did they do to be punished?"

  "Kathy embezzled $30,000 from the club where she worked and was caught. The
owner is a member here. Bernard is actually on the club's board of directors.
Bernie gave her a choice. She could go to jail and become a felon or she and her
husband could spend one night as slaves in the S&M dungeon. She had to return
the money of course."

  "Why did the husband go along? He hadn't done anything?"

  "Well, he either had to agree to participate or there was no deal and Kathy
went off to the slammer. They're a nice middle class couple. The thought of jail
was too much for them. They have no S&M experience but they probably know that
there's going to be pain involved. They were picked up this afternoon,
blindfolded and brought here. We can pretty much do what we want with them as
long as there's no debilitating permanent damage. Bernie wants us and the two
other couples who'll be punishing them to make this a weekend they'll never
forget. He wants them hurt and hurt badly. That's not something you get to do
often. After the three couples are done, Bernie is going to put them on display
in the theatre on the first floor. Knowing Bernie, I expect he has some
surprises of his own in store for them. We need to go see Mistress Claire," said
Bernice as she stood up to leave.

  Dan followed her to another area of the mansion. They arrived in large room
containing several racks of fetish attire. There was a woman there who
identified herself as Mistress Claire.

  "I've brought my own outfit, Mistress Clair, but do see if you can find Master
Dan some appropriately scary attire," said Bernice to the tall, muscular woman
dressed in a latex cat suit. The suit had openings for her breasts and vagina.
Bernice was carrying a vinyl suit bag and a small case.

  "Lovely cock," said Mistress Claire taking Dan's penis in her hand. "A leather
studded cod piece with a zipper will do. That way you can easily pull it out
when you're ready to use it on the Bachman's."

  "Yes, it is lovely. I spent most of the afternoon sucking it. I think Dan
would look great in a pair of Storm Trooper boots and one of those matching
studded chest harnesses," said Bernice as she stepped into a black leather
corset and pulled it up and under her breasts.

  "I wear a Size 10 shoe," said Dan.

  "Here," said Mistress Claire. "These should fit." She handed Dan the rest of
his attire then turned to help Bernice lace up her corset.

  Dan spent some minutes lacing up the tall boots and tightening the harness.
When he turned around, Mistress Claire had just finished helping Bernice dress.

  "Wow, you look terrific. Forget the Bachman's. Let's fuck right here and now
on the floor," said Dan admiring the effect of Bernice's fetish apparel. The
corset squeezed her waist to where her figure was a well-indented hourglass.
Bernice's large breasts were completely exposed and appeared to burst out of the
corset top. Straps built into the corset crossed between her legs. They
separated her labia exposing her clitoris and vagina.  Garters attached to the
corset held up long black stockings. Bernice was wearing open toed sandals with
crisscrossed ankle straps and six-inch clear plastic heels.

  "Later, lover, you can do what you want with me. But right now, I want to
watch you whip Kathy Bachman senseless," said Bernice.

  "Time you two met the Bachman's.  They are scared to death and incredibly
naive, especially the wife. I envy you," said Mistress Claire.

  "Good, we'll make them wish they never heard of Bransford Farms," said
Bernice.

  "You're first with them. Here's your agenda. Do you want to watch them for a
few minutes before you start?" asked Mistress Claire. Dan stood by Bernice as
they looked down at the typed page.

  "We start with enemas. That should be fun," said Bernice reading from the
agenda.

  "Here, listen and size them up before you meet them," said Mistress Claire as
she switched on a closed circuit television. There sat the couple on a wooden
bench.  They were dressed in street clothes that looked like they were purchased
at The Gap. They looked very nervous and frightened as they talked. Mistress
Claire turned up the sound so Dan and Bernice could hear.

  "I told them to sit there and not get up.  They sound so worried and terrified
that it makes me wet. Just listen for a while and then you can have your fun
with them. I'll be in here playing with myself while you enjoy them," said
Mistress Claire as she flipped a control switch that enabled a pickup microphone
located near the Bachman's.

  "I'm sorry Alex, this is all my fault. I don't know why Mr. Ebbers insisted
you come," said Kathy.

  "He said they required couples."

  "You could have refused."

  "And let you be arrested and go to jail, I couldn't deal with my wife having a
prison record."

  "Mr. Ebbers promised that if we paid the money back and spent the night here,
it would be forgotten. I can even work for him as an instructor but not as a
manager. He said he can never trust me again in a position of responsibility."

  "I know. We've been through all of that before. We've made our choice. I just
wish they'd get started so we could get this over with."

  "Do you think they'll hurt us?"

  "I don't think all this stuff is designed to make us feel good," said Alex
gesturing toward the various S&M equipment arranged around the room.

  "What are those X-shaped wooden things for?" asked Kathy pointing toward the
far end of the room.

  "I've read about that. There called a St. Andrew's cross. They tie your arms
and legs to the arms of the X and whip you or torture you."

  "I'm not sure I can stand to be whipped."

  "I don't think they're going to give us a choice in the matter."

  "Maybe they'll just want to have sex with us after they spank us with those
paddles. I thought it would be mostly sex after a good paddling. We even tried
that a few times at home. You spanked my naked butt with your hand then we made
love. That wasn't so bad. I just hope the guy isn't some fat pig."

  "Don't just assume that only a guy will be working on you. You could easily
wind up munching rug tonight while I suck dick."

  "Oh God, I hope not. I've never done anything like that."

  "Too late to back out now. Look, I may have a guy's cock in my ass. You have
to be ready to do what it takes to get through this. It's only one night and
we're done," said Alex.

  "That's disgusting. We should have made Mr. Ebbers understand that we weren't
going to do homosexual things."

  "After what you did, we were in a position to bargain. Besides I suspect these
people don't make a big deal of any kind of sex. Just do whatever they want,"
said Alex.

  "Time to get started. You'll begin with a good cleaning out. I filled the
enema bags and got everything ready," said Mistress Claire.

  "We start with enemas," questioned Dan.

  "Yes, otherwise they'll shit themselves the first time they taste the whip,"
said Mistress Claire as she turned to Dan and Bernice. "After I take you to
them, I'll return here. My friend and I will watch as you do nasty things with
them," said Mistress Claire holding up a large vibrator/dildo.

  Mistress Claire lead Dan and Bernice through a heavy oak door and down two
flights of stone stairs to what Dan guessed was the subbasement of the mansion.

  "They're in there waiting, enjoy," said Mistress Claire pointing toward a
door.

  Dan and Bernice walked in to find the Bachman's still dressed in casual
clothes and sitting down on a long wooden bench. They both jumped up as soon as
Dan and Bernice entered.

  "Hello," said Kathy.

  "She just spoke without permission, that's ten strokes on each nipple," said
Bernice.

  "Oh, I'm sorry," said Kathy

  "And that's ten more, you'd think the stupid little bitch would learn," said
Dan.

  Kathy almost said something else but thought better of it and remained quiet.

  "I'm Mistress Bernice and this is Master Dan. Refer to us that way or be
prepared to have your genitals whipped. Never speak until spoken too. Now get
undressed by the count of twenty or I'll give you ten lashes for every count
above twenty."

  Kathy and Alex quickly undressed. Alex hesitated for a moment when he came to
his briefs then decided he had no choice and slipped them down revealing a good
size cock. Kathy undressed down to her bra and panties and then said, "Can I
leave my underwear on?"

  "What a moron, stupid little cunt, do you really want us to whip your nipples
off? Everything now," thundered Dan in a loud voice. Kathy quickly unsnapped her
bra and then slipped her panties down and off. Dan saw that Kathy had a very
good figure. Her abs were sculptured just as you would expect in an aerobics
instructor. Kathy was a brunette. Her pubic region was saved expect for a
rattail directly above her vagina. Dan walked around Kathy inspecting her naked
body as she stood trembling in fear. Dan's cock stirred when he thought about
how he would be able to do whatever he wanted to Kathy's body and cause her as
much pain as he could manage. When he ran his hand over her naked butt, she
shivered.

  Bernice was carrying out a similar inspection of Alex. She brushed her hand
across his cock then reached down and grabbed his balls in one hand as she
gripped his cock in the other.

  "This is going to be very sore by the time we're done," said Bernice looking
directly in Alex's eyes. Alex lowered his eyes afraid to speak.

  "Let's get started," said Dan.

  Bernice handed Dan sets of leather wrist and ankle cuffs plus a waist chain
and a set of manacles. Dan buckled the cuffs around Kathy's wrists and ankles
then used the wrist manacle to fasten the cuffs to the waist chain. Kathy's arms
were secured to her side. Bernice had Alex similarly restrained.

  With Kathy's manacled hands secured to the waist chain, Dan halted a moment
and took one of Kathy's nipples in his hand and slowly twisted it as he looked
directly in her eyes. Then he used his other hand to grasp and slowly twist the
other nipple. Dan looked over to see that Bernice was playing with Alex's cock.
At first, Dan gently massaged both nipples between his thumb and first fingers.
He looked at Kathy's face and saw she was getting slightly turned on by what he
was doing to her breasts.  He leaned down and gave her a French kiss that she
responded to.

  Dan started to slowly increase the pressure. Initially, Kathy reacted as if
she was feeling more aroused. Then her face began to frown as Dan pressed down
harder and harder. Finally, he began to pull upward as he pinched and twisted
Kathy's nipples.

  "Stop, that hurts," said Kathy.

  "I think we have a slow learner here. She just can't keep her mouth shut. I'm
going to whip your tits until you loose your voice from screaming. Then you'll
shut up," said Dan pulling Kathy almost off the floor by her nipples. Kathy
squirmed in pain and Dan saw tears forming in her eyes. Dan felt his cock harden
as he enjoyed the pain he was causing Kathy.

  Dan heard Alex moan and looked to see that Bernice was stroking his hard on
with one hand as she twisted his ball sack with the other. Alex was trying to
move to one side but Bernice had a firm hold on his gonads.

  "Let's clean these two out before they shit on the floor," said Bernice.

  Dan and Bernice marched the two over to an area of the dungeon equipped for
enema cleansing. In a few minutes, Alex and Kathy were bent over separate padded
benches with their butts pointed toward the ceiling. They could see each other's
face if they looked over their shoulder.  They were restrained with slide clips
attached to their wrist and ankle cuffs. Bernice handed Dan a tube of lubricant
and he squeezed out a dollop on one finger then applied it to Kathy's brown
hole. Kathy let out a little gasp when Dan sunk his finger in her asshole. He
wasn't gentle about it. He felt her anal ring grab at the invading finger,
attempting to expel it. Once again, Dan felt his cock harden as he sensed
Kathy's fear. Dan had felt himself become aroused as he twisted her nipples and
saw the pain reflected in Kathy's face. He was looking forward to making her and
Alex scream.

  Dan pushed his finger further in Kathy's rectum and was rewarded with another
little gasp of pain. He put some more lubricant on his fingers and sunk it to
the second joint inside Kathy's ass. He heard a little sob. Dan squeezed more
lubricant on his second finger then shoved two fingers up Kathy's ass. He added
a third finger and worked them around in a circle opening and stretching Kathy's
anus. Kathy let out a whimper when Dan's fingers went in as far as they go.

  "Kathy, wait till I get my cock up your ass, then you'll really have something
to cry about," said Dan. Kathy responded with a loud sob. Dan could hear Alex
breathing deeply as Bernice worked lubricant into his rectum.

  "Master Dan is going to fuck your little butt too. Have you ever been fucked
in the ass, Alex?" asked Bernice.

  "Yes, Mistress Bernice."

  "He called me Mistress. This slave is a fast learner. He's not like that dumb
wife of his that got him into this. Are you looking forward to seeing her
punished? Tell the truth or Mistress Bernice will twist your balls until you
do."

  "Yes, I am, Mistress."

  "You're looking forward to seeing Master Dan fuck her. Are you going to get
hard when you see Master Dan ramming his cock in her bloody asshole?"

  "Yes, Mistress, I will get hard when he fucks her ass."

  Dan listened to Bernice taunt Alex as Kathy sobbed. He found his cock was hard
as a rock. There were a half dozen three quart pumpkin style enema bags
suspended from a ceiling rack over the two benches.  They were full. Bernice
selected two enema nozzles with inflatable collars from a nearby table. She
handed one to Dan.

  "Put it in about six inches then inflate the collar," said Bernice handing Dan
a contraption consisting of a large stainless steel enema nozzle on one end and
soft black inflatable rubber ring on the other. There was a squeeze bulb to
inflate the ring and a release valve for deflation. It resembled a blood
pressure bulb. Dan coated the nozzle end with lubricant and then pushed it into
Kathy's asshole until the collar slipped slightly inside her.  Kathy let out a
gasp of pain as the nozzle penetrated a full six inches into her bowels.

  "Kathy, when was the last time you had an enema?" asked Dan.

  "I've never had one before, Master Dan," responded Kathy trying not to cry.

  "Well, you're in for a treat," said Dan as he began to squeeze the black bulb
and inflate the collar inside Kathy's sphincter.  Dan ran his hand over Kathy's
muscular back. She was covered in sweat. She started moaning as she felt the
collar inflating inside her asshole.

  "Tight as a frog ass," said Dan when he finished expanding the collar sealing
Kathy's butt. Dan imitated Bernice's moves and attached the tube from the bag
marked with a 'one' to the nozzle.

  "The first bag contains Castile soap in warm water. That will irritate the
bowel and get you in the mood to take a big shit, which of course, you can't
take until Master Dan and I decide the time is right," said Bernice.

  Dan and Bernice reached up and released the small clamp that was blocking the
flow of fluid through the tube. Dan heard the trickle of water as the flow
started to empty the pumpkin bag into Alex and Kathy's bowels.

  "I want to talk to Mr. Ebbers. He didn't say anything about enemas or having
things put in your ass, this hurts too much, I'm starting to cramp," whined
Kathy.

  "Just shut the fuck up, Kathy, you're only making it worse," screamed Alex.

  "It hurts, Alex. My guts are cramping and feel like they're on fire. I need to
shit and I can't. I can't take this. I'd rather go to jail." Kathy started to
cry. Dan could see her fists clenching and unclenching as her bowels filled and
her stomach expanded.

  "It's too fucking late, you stupid cunt," screamed Alex who followed this
outburst with a long moan as his guts began to cramp.

  Dan reached down and felt Kathy's pussy. He began to massage her clitoris as
he watched her writhe back and forth in pain. Dan could hear Alex breathing
loudly attempting to control the cramps. After a few moments, Dan heard a small
gurgling noise that signaled the bags were empty.  Bernice played with Alex's
cock and balls and Dan finger fucked Kathy's pussy and thumbed her clitoris for
the full five minutes they were supposed to wait.

  After only two minutes. Kathy started sobbing loudly and begging them to let
her relieve herself.

  "Please, you can do anything else you want. I need to shit. I can't stand
this. My stomach is going to explode. I'll suck your cock and I'll fuck you.
I'll fuck you every day for the next year just let me shit," pleaded Kathy.

  Dan and Bernice waited until five minutes had transpired then released the two
from the bench and marched them over to a nearby pair of toilets. The commodes
were about three feet apart and in the open. There was no privacy.  They sat
Alex and Kathy down and pressed the valve releasing the air from the collar.
Immediately, their assholes blew out the nozzles and a torrent of fresh turds
and enema fluid filled the commode bowl. After the initial explosion, there were
repeated smaller bursts. It was obvious that Kathy felt incredibly humiliated
having to relieve herself while others watched.

  Dan decided to compound her humiliation. Dan straddled the seated Kathy,
unzipped his codpiece and pulled out his hard cock.

  "Suck my cock while you shit," said Dan to the seated Kathy. Kathy looked up
with tears in her eyes; but she opened her mouth and took his hard penis in and
began to suck up and down on it.

  "Look at your thieving slut wife sucking Master Dan's cock. I guess you know
you're married to an embezzling little whore," said Bernice to Alex.

  Dan heard Bernice tell Alex to lick her clit. He looked over to see Alex's
tongue moving up and down across Bernice's engorged clit.

  Dan relaxed as Kathy sucked his dick while she emptied her bowels. It was a
turn on to feel her mouth working on his dick. Every once in a while, Kathy
would stop and grunt then Dan would hear a stream of water eject from her
asshole.

  "Let's switch," said Bernice. Dan and Bernice exchanged places. Alex didn't
hesitate to take Dan's cock in his mouth and start sucking. Dan heard a hard
slap followed by Kathy's loud sobbing.  He looked over to see Kathy licking
Bernice's clit but there was a handprint on the side of Kathy's face.

  When Alex and Kathy finished shitting, they took them back over to the enema
benches for the second round of cleansing. This time it would be the bag labeled
with a 'two'. This was very hot water laced with a thicker solution of Castile
soap. Dan noticed that the bags were hot to the touch. As soon as they released
the clamp, the two started to kick and complain. Dan reached under Kathy to feel
her swelling belly. It was warm to the touch and you could actually feel her
sides convulsing from severe cramps. Kathy was trembling all over and pleading
with them to stop. She offered everything possible including a willingness to
suck and fuck Dan every day for the rest of his life if only he would quit
filling her with the hot liquid.

  They waited the required ten minutes. Bernice handed Dan a dildo. He slipped
it inside Kathy's pussy and began to fuck her with it. That only added to her
misery as her intestines churned and rebelled from the irritation of the hot
soapy solution.

The commode part went quicker this time since both were loosened up. Dan and
Bernice bent over at the waist presenting their rears to Alex and Kathy.

  "Eat my ass, Kathy," said Dan.

    Kathy's spirit was broken. She leaned forward and started to lick Dan's
asshole.

  "That' right, little bitch, lick and suck my shit hole," said Dan.

  The third and final enema bag contained ice-cold water. Kathy started
screaming as soon as the frigid solution entered her lower intestine. The
contrast with the previous hot enema caused her colon to violently clench and
unclench. She could feel her abdomen contract viciously and then expand. Alex
didn't scream but he moaned almost as loud as Kathy's screams. Kathy's teeth
started chattering from the cold. After the usual five-minute wait and the
commode, the enemas were done. Kathy and Alex looked drained. Bernice handed
them a plastic bottle of water and told them to drink it to avoid dehydration. 

  "Well that shut you up," said Bernice to Kathy.

  "Yes, Mistress, " responded Kathy.

  "She's even learned some manners," said Dan.

  "Now's the time to play like you were in the British Navy and you were caught
stealing from ship's stores. Let's introduce them to St. Andrew," said Bernice.

Dan chained Kathy facing the cross and Bernice did the same with Alex.  Bernice
handed Dan a heavy multi-stranded whip. It was beautifully made, not one of
those cheap whips you find in an adult store. Dan hefted it. It was heavy. He
would have guessed three or four pounds.

  "They're made in Australia out of kangaroo. That's a classic 'cat of nine'.
Those knots on the end of each strand are called 'Turks Heads'. They flay the
flesh and cause excruciating pain. This is going to be a flogging just like the
British Navy did two hundred years ago.  Let's start with twenty good ones on
the back, then we'll move on to other things," said Bernice.

  The only person Dan had ever whipped was Anna Estelle and he had been worried
about hurting her. With Kathy, he decided to really cut loose and whip her with
all his strength. He landed the whip at the top of her shoulders. Instantly
Kathy screamed with everything she had. Kathy had never felt such pain. Her back
was on fire. She was barely aware that Alex had also screamed when Bernice's
whip landed on his lower back.

  Dan examined Kathy's back after he first stroke. There were nine places where
the knots landed that the skin was peeled back in little flaps.  Dan landed his
next blow slightly lower. More skin was peeled back and little droplets of blood
appeared. Dan delivered five more using all the strength in his arm. After that,
he stepped forward to examine the screaming Kathy who was having trouble gulping
in enough breath for the terrific screams the cat was dragging out of her. The
top layer of skin was missing from Kathy's shoulder blades. Dan could clearly
see that in certain places part of the trapeziums and rear deltoids muscles were
showing.  The whip had flayed off deeper layers of skin. Dan's cock was so hard
he though he was going to climax without touching himself. That was a phenomena
he had read about but never believed he would experience. Whipping the flesh off
Kathy's back was the most erotic thing he had ever experienced. Each time the
whip landed, Dan saw a spray of flesh, blood, and sweats explode off Kathy's
back as she twisted and screamed in anguish. At some point, Kathy lost control
of her bladder and a stream of yellow piss ran down her legs on to her feet and
the floor.

  Kathy's throat sounded like it had been sandpapered as she screamed herself
hoarse. She realized the pointlessness of screaming but each time the nine tails
of the cat landed, a loud wail was wrenched from her throat. She kept hoping she
would pass out. After each blow, she screamed with everything she had. Then
there was a moment where she hoped it was over. Next she would hear the awful
whirring sound the cat made when it passed through the air. After that, her back
would explode in pain.

  At the twentieth stroke, Kathy was moaning not screaming. Dan passed his hand
over Kathy's shoulder blades smearing the blood with his fingers. He rubbed the
blood over his cock as he admired the way her back muscles were exposed by the
flayed flesh. Bernice handed him a large very wet sea sponge.

  "Salt brine, it prevents infection and takes the pain to a whole new level.
After a sailor was flogged, they put salt brine on his back to reinforce the
punishment. It also causes scaring so they have a reminder that will always be
with them. This pair will never be able to go to a public beach as long as they
live."

  Dan watched as Bernice applied the sponge to Alex's back. When the water
streamed down into the open flesh, Alex began to scream.

  "Does it hurt, Alex? That'll teach you not to marry a thieving whore," said
Bernice.

  Dan rubbed the sponge over Kathy's flayed flesh. As the salt water came in
contact with the patches of missing skin, Kathy's mouth opened and she emitted a
wail drawn from her very soul. At that moment, given a choice of ten years in
prison or the pain she was feeling, Kathy would quickly choose prison.

  Bernice handed him a flexible rattan cane as she took the cat-of-nine out of
his hand.

  "Next they get ten cane strokes on their buttocks. That will leave welts
they'll feel for a month," said Bernice.

  "Oh God, Mistress, please, I didn't steal. It was her not me," sobbed Alex.

  "Too bad, Alex, you apparently made a bad choice in who you picked to marry.
Now you have to pay for it," said Bernice.

  Dan immediately saw Bernice was right about the canes. The first blow of the
cane sent Kathy into a new round of screams. The cane also cut the flesh and
raised a huge welt. After the tenth blow, there were ten raised ridges of bright
red flesh across Kathy's butt. Dan ran his hands over the ridges of raised flesh
thinking they were hot to the touch. Kathy was hanging in her restraints
whimpering.

  "What's next?" asked Dan.

  "Leave her there for the moment. Help me get Alex over to that table."

  Dan and Bernice took Alex off the cross and walked him over to a waist high
table. The table was padded and there were several holes located at strategic
positions. Alex used the step stool to climb up on the table and lay face
downward. Dan saw that Alex's genitals and nipples were accessible from the
table bottom. Dan helped Bernice restrain Alex to where he had almost no freedom
of movement. Then she reached under the table and took Alex's cock in her hand.

  "Time for a little CBT," said Bernice.

  "CBT?" questioned Dan.

  "Cock and ball torture."

  "Please, dear God, no more, I can't take any more pain. I didn't embezzle
anything. Kathy is the one. Hurt her not me," pleaded Alex.

  "I love it when they break and start begging you to hurt their spouse. It
demonstrates that there is definitely a limit to true love," said Bernice.

  "Alex wants us to keep on hurting you. Kathy. He regrets marrying you and
suggests we can do anything to you as long as we leave him alone," said Dan to
Kathy using her hair to hold her head up and looking directly in her face as he
spoke.

  Dan watched as Bernice looped a shoelace around the base of Alex's ball sack
and drew it tight. Alex's nuts were now tied off. Each testicle bulged tightly
against the skin of the sack. Then Bernice attached a larger cord around the
base and tied it tight. The larger cord had a large metal hook attached at the
bottom.

  "Hand me that five pound weight," said Bernice to Dan.

  "For the love of Jesus Christ, don't do that to me," begged Alex.

  "And a two pound weight, he spoke without permission."

  Bernice put the hook in a hole in the weights and dropped them. Alex responded
with an intake of breath.

  "Your sack will stretch if it doesn't rip off. You'll have what the faggots
call low hangers," said Bernice as she gave the weights a shove and watched them
swing.

  "Hand me those clamps," said Bernice. Dan handed her two large clamps that had
jagged teeth and looked as if they were adapted from a cable used to jumpstart a
car battery. One clamp was red and the other black. Bernice grabbed Alex's
nipple between her thumb and forefinger, pulled it down as far as possible then
let the clamp snap shut at the base of the elongated flesh. A loud howl went up
from Alex. Bernice then hooked a one-pound weight into a small hole drilled in
the base of the clamp handle. Bernice let the weight fall giving it a flick with
her finger to send it swinging. You could hear Alex breathing loudly trying to
control the pain.

  "Here, let me do the other one," said Dan taking the clamp out of Bernice's
hand. He grabbed Alex's nipple between his thumb and forefinger, squeezed and
pulled with all the hand strength he could muster. Dan was surprised at the
force it took to open the clamp. He positioned it at the very base of Alex's
male breast and let the clamp snap shut. A loud scream roared out of Alex's
mouth.

  "Nicely done, Dan, you're going to make an excellent sadist," said Bernice
handing him a one pound weight.

  "We owe motor mouth twenty on each nipple. I'll let you do the honors," said
Bernice.

  They detached Kathy from the St. Andrews cross then reattached her facing
outward.  Bernice handed Dan another type of whip.

  "It's a quirt, a single strand whip. You should be able to land it on her
breasts without a problem. Stand at an angle so you are whipping down on her
tits. Actually tit tortures is on the agenda of the next couple but we can whip
them since she disobeyed us," said Bernice.

  "Tit tortures, what will the next couple do? She had nice breasts," said Dan.

  "They won't be so nice when Irene Robbins finishes with them. Irene is into
needles, skewers and presses. Irene will put them in a press, flatten them to a
pancake, and see how many needles she can poke through. The finale will involve
meat skewers. They're not all that sharp. She usually has to hammer them through
the flesh."

  "Makes my cock hard thinking about that," said Dan.

  Dan landed the first blow on the top of Kathy's breast. When he say how the
whip indented her flesh instantly turning the surface a fiery red, he felt his
blood rush. The sound of Kathy's long plaintive wail of pain hardened both his
cock and his resolve to cause her even greater agony with subsequent strokes.

  "Here let me suck you off as you whip her tits," said Bernice as she dropped
to her knees and took Dan's erect cock in her mouth.

  Dan loved the way the heavy quirt compressed the flesh of the breast as it
landed. Unlike before, Kathy could see what he was doing. Dan turned out to be
proficient with the quirt. Several blows landed downward right on the nipple.
Kathy obliged him by screaming and twisting begging him to stop. Dan discovered
what really excited him was when Kathy whined and pleaded for mercy. He would
strike a blow, witness how the quirt tortured her breasts and then revel in the
screams and the cries for mercy.

  It was on the tenth blow against the second breast that Dan ejaculated in
Bernice's mouth. Dan felt like he could climax forever. He managed to land
several blows directly on Kathy's nipple as he spurted gobs of jism in Bernice's
mouth. Kathy had passed out when he finished.

  Bernice broke a glass ampoule under Kathy's nose and Kathy jerk back into a
consciousness so painful that she deeply regretted being alive.

  "Look here, this nipple is only hanging a sliver of skin. We'll leave that for
Irene. She'll pull it off and make her eat it. Can you imagine being forced to
eat your own nipple?" said Bernice laughing.

  "I thought we weren't supposed to do anything permanent," said Dan

  "Well, accidents do happen. The phrase was permanently debilitating. You can
live without your nipples and do quite well. You just can't breast feed your
progeny."

  "Are we done?"

  "Not quite, our last task is to put Kathy on the Spanish Donkey and wait for
the Robbins to take over."

  "Spanish Donkey, What's that?"

  "The large wedge shaped contraption over there. The Spanish Inquisition
invented it. It's simple but amazingly effective, " said Bernice pointing toward
a fixture that looked like a huge wedge turned on its side with the pointed end
toward the ceiling. There was an irregular metal edge at the top.

  "How does it work?" asked Dan.

  "Kathy will be on top with one leg on each side. I'll attach weights to her
ankles. That will provide more pain than you would have thought possible. The
pain is so severe that women have been known to loose their sanity after a
donkey ride and never regain it."

  "You've seen it used before?' asked Dan.

  "Yes, I've even ridden the donkey myself thanks to my mother-in-law. Aileen
put me on it once, just to see how I would react. She told me that she would
make Ernie take me down as soon as I asked but she lied. She kept me there for
thirty minutes. I seriously considered killing her afterwards. My pussy was sore
for a month. I would wake up screaming when I dreamed I was still up there with
my weight resting on my cunt. It didn't feel that bad for the first thirty
seconds then you start to feel that steel edge biting into your cunt. The pain
doubles each minute your ride. Attempts to shift your weight only increase the
pain.  I was in agony after the first minute, babbling like a mad woman inside
of five minutes. I was incoherent when they took me take me off. The Inquisition
had one twist we don't practice here. They used to light a fire under one end of
the metal ridge. Slowly the metal transfers the heat to the entire ridge. Your
puss winds up resting on a red-hot sharp piece of metal. Very few women ever
left a heated Spanish donkey with a shred of sanity."

  "Let's get Kathy mounted on the Spanish Donkey. I want to see," said Dan
starting to unshackle the comatose Kathy from the cross.

  "You'll have to carry her, Let's get her up on the donkey then wake her up,"
said Bernice. "How are you doing, Alex?" asked Bernice reaching underneath the
table to lift the weight attached to Alex's gonads then drop it.

  "Oh Jesus fuck, you're going to rip my balls off," screamed Alex.

  "How does this feel?" asked Bernice climbing under the table and taking the
tip of Alex's cock in her mouth and sucking it.

  "Good, untie me and I'll give you a good fuck. I'll eat your pussy, suck
Master Dan's cock. Anything just get this off me. My balls can't take anymore,"
pleaded Alex.

  "Sorry, Alex but we have to leave you like this for Frank and Irene," said
Bernice as she once again lifted and dropped the weight swinging below Alex's
balls while she kept sucking the tip.

  "You're killing me, you bitch," screamed Alex.

  "Bad boy, you called me a dirty name. I'll have to punish you," said Bernice
as she took the quirt out of Dan's hand and proceeded to land five hard strokes
on Alex's back. Dan moved closer to watch the quirt land on Alex's fleshless
shoulder blades. Each blow produced a spray of blood and loose pieces of skin.

  God how I love to see this kind of pain thought Dan. Bernice is so talented
and knowledgeable. Look at how exposed Alex's right scapula has become. The
quirt is landing directly on the muscle tissue.

  As soon as Bernice stopped, Dan walked over and took her in his arms and gave
her a passionate kiss. Alex continued to whimper and sob after Bernice finished.

  "That was beautiful. You caused him so much pain. Just watching you got me
hard," said Dan rubbing his hard cock against Bernice.

 "Let's get our little embezzler mounted and then we can fuck while she
screams," said Bernice.

    Dan saw when he got close to the Spanish Donkey that the top of the wedge
was very narrow and covered with iron studs that made it a slightly uneven
surface. They fastened a leather collar around Kathy's neck then hooked the
chains to the front and back of the collar. The other end of the chains was
attached to the ends of the Spanish Donkey.

  "That'll keep her upright. Now, let's her chain her hands behind her back at
both the elbows and wrists," said Bernice. "That's very painful in and of
itself."

  "Like this?" asked Dan.

  "Little tighter, that'll make her thrust her tits out and force her to sit
upright," said Bernice.

  "She'll be able to move her legs," said Dan.

  "Not after we attach these, you do the other side," said Bernice handing Dan
an ankle cuff.

  Dan walked around to the other side and buckled a leather cuff around Kathy's
ankle. She started to stir out of her faint as he finished buckling.

  "Attach this to the cuff and let's say two tens and a five, twenty five pounds
should do it," said Bernice pointing toward a rack of weight plates.

  Dan quickly hooked the plates to the chain and let them fall pulling Kathy's
leg straight downward. He hurried to the other side to help Bernice.

  "Now, can you lift her up just an inch or so and I'll adjust her labia so
she's resting right on her vagina," said Bernice.

  Dan stepped up on a stool and pulled Kathy slightly upward and off the apex of
the V. Bernice made certain adjustments between Kathy's legs.

  "Lower her slowly. Good, she's right on her hole. Let's wake the little bitch
up and see how she likes her ride," said Bernice walking over to grab another
can of Red Bill out of the mini-fridge. She took a popper ampoule from a nearby
basket. Bernice poured the can of Red Bull in a plastic squeeze bottle with a
built in straw.

  "Hold her still while I wake her up. I'll try to get her to drink some Red
Bull so she has plenty of energy to scream," said Bernice as she mounted the
stool.

  "Wake up, Kathy, time to take a ride, breathe deeply," said Bernice as she
broke the popper under Kathy's nose.  Kathy's head jerked as she inhaled the
amyl nitrate. Her eyes opened.

  "Here, drink this, it'll make you feel better," cooed Bernice placing the
straw between Kathy's lips. Dan watched the brown liquid course through the
straw as Kathy obviously thirsty took in the entire can of Red Bull in a matter
of seconds.

  "That's a good girl, now enjoy your ride," said Bernice as she stepped down.

  Dan watched as Kathy became more awake and began to sense her predicament. She
tried to raise her legs but was prevented by the weights. She tried to move her
head but the taut chains only allowed a slight movement.

  "What are you doing to me? My pussy hurts," said Kathy looking down at Bernice
and Dan.

  Dan embraced Bernice and they kissed passionately as Kathy began to wail and
squirm.

  "Get me off this thing. I'm right on my cunt. It's hurting my pussy. I can't
stand the pain," sobbed Kathy.

  "Lie down, Dan. I want to ride your cock as we listen to Kathy scream," said
Bernice as Kathy started to make more noise and beg harder to be taken off the
donkey.

  Dan lay down on the mat that was right beside the Spanish donkey and closed
his eyes. He wanted to focus on Kathy's agony and enjoy her pain as Bernice
slipped his cock in her cunt and began to slowly raise and lower her pussy.

  "Let's take it slow and enjoy Kathy's song. Allow her anguish to wash over us.
Open your mind to her pain. Try to imagine how Kathy must feel with a thin wedge
of iron slowly burrowing into her most sensitive flesh. Picture those metal
studs as they dig into the tender soft tissue surrounding her vagina," said
Bernice as she and Dan fucked in slow motion.

  "Oh, this is beyond anything I've ever experienced. I love it when she runs
out of breath and sort of hiccups for a few seconds then starts to scream
again," said Dan who had closed his eyes. His attention was concentrated on the
sounds that Kathy made as the pain increased.

  "By this time, the wedge has begun to cut into her flesh. Her nerve endings
are trapped against the bones of her pelvic girdle. The bones and flesh are
being pressed together and the studs are starting to grind their way into the
bone itself," said Bernice as she savored the intrusion of Dan's cock into her
cervix.

  "It's as if we were listening to a symphony of pain that knows no ending, each
moment lasts forever and the conductor is drawing every possible nuance from the
score. Listen to how she's breathing now. You can hear her gasping for air so
she can force another scream from her raw throat," said Dan as he sensed that
his orgasm was approaching. 

  Dan and Bernice increased their rhythm as Kathy brought forth reserves of
energy to begin a new chorus of loud violent screams that came in short staccato
bursts. As the bursts grew louder and came quicker, Dan rolled over on top of
Bernice, grabbed her ankles and bent her double as he slammed his cock into her.
He wanted to hurt her vagina, to ravage and plunder it as his thighs smacked
into Bernice's upturned butt. Finally, after one last savage thrust accompanied
by a sound from Kathy that summed all the agony she had endured, Dan released a
flood of semen in Bernice's cunt. Dan thrust again and again as his cock spurted
into Bernice who willed her hungry pussy to revel in the warm sperm.

  Dan rolled off Bernice as Kathy exhausted from her ordeal changed from animal
cries of pain to a continuing moan.

  "That was fantastic," said Dan recovering his breath.

  "There is no better sex than doing it while someone screams in agony. I see
our little songbird had stopped singing. We better take her down before her
brain turns to mush," said Bernice getting up. Dan got up to help as they pulled
the trembling Kathy off the Spanish donkey. She screamed when Dan lifted her off
the wedge. Dan saw that the iron wedge was stained with blood where Kathy's twat
had rested.

  "Put her on the table so we can see what kind of damage we've done," said
Bernice.

  Kathy was alert as Dan placed her on the table.

  "It put a deep grove in her cunt," said Bernice holding Kathy's legs apart.
Dan saw where the metal ridge had made a half-inch impression in Kathy's flesh.
The grove began above Kathy's vaginal opening and progressed across her opening
back toward her asshole. Kathy lay whimpering and occasionally going into an
involuntary muscle spasm.

   "Ah, you had her on the donkey, how marvelous," Dan heard someone say from
behind them. He turned to see a couple he guessed was the Frank and Irene
Robbins. Bernice introduced Dan as Kathy moaned and shook.

  "Dan, let me introduce Frank and Irene, This is Dan Williams," said Bernice as
she embraced Irene. Irene was nude except for a leather thong. She and Bernice
kissed deeply as Dan shook Frank's hand. Dan would have estimated their age as
close to fifty. Irene had large breasts and an excellent figure. Frank was naked
except for a pair of sandals. Dan found himself staring at the size of Frank's
cock.

  "Ten inches my boy and five inches around at its max, only reason Irene
married me outside of my family fortune. You're Candace's husband. Is she here
tonight? Irene and I are extremely anxious to meet her," said Frank as he placed
his hand around his cock and began to stroke it.

  "No, Candace is working on her campaign 24/7. It's an uphill battle, of
course. Mike Harrington has been around a long time. I wish Candace had been
able to be here tonight," said Dan wondering how the Robbins knew about Candace.

  "Well, don't worry, she'll retire Harrington and then you and Bernice can
bring her for a long weekend. We'd all turn out for her. I see you've been
entertaining the Bachman's," said Frank as he walked over and ran his hand over
Alex's naked butt.

  "Yes, we just took Kathy Bachman down from the Spanish Donkey. She's a little
the worse for wear," said Bernice.

  "Why don't you two stay a while longer. We could both work on our miscreants
and we could play together while we do," said Irene before she leaned over to
kiss Bernice as she fondled Bernice's breast.

  "We will if that's okay with you Daniel. Frank and Irene are among the most
experienced masters at Bransford Farms. It'd be very educational plus enjoyable.
Irene knows more about how to torture a woman's breasts than any sadist living,"
said Bernice.

  "That would be great," said Dan. "I'd like to see that."

  "Have you buggered him yet?" asked Frank as he parted Alex's butt cheeks and
ran his fingers over Alex's asshole.

  "No, it wasn't on the agenda," answered Dan.

  "Franks been dying for a little male tush," said Irene.

  "Nothing beats buggering the ass of a young male. Are you interested in
buggery, Dan?" asked Frank.

  "Yes, but its been several years since I was active," said Dan deciding not to
mention his encounter with Leon's cock that very afternoon.

  "Well, let's you and I get this chap opened up and then we'll see how he likes
ten inches of hard cock up his butt," said Frank as he picked up a small tube of
lubricant from a nearby table and squeezed some on his fingers. Dan watched as
Frank applied lubricant to his fingers, smeared it around Alex's anus, and then
pushed a finger inside.

  "Tell me, Alex, who was the first man to fuck you in the ass?" asked Frank as
he slowly finger fucked Alex's rectum.

  "Get this things off my balls and nipples and I'll tell you. Then you can
cornhole me to your heart's content," said Alex.

  "A sub that wants to bargain, what do you think Dan?" asked Frank.

  "Well, Alex didn't really embezzle, it was his wife. The whip has punished him
as you can see. Maybe we should cut him a break," said Dan.

  "All right, Alex, Dan and I are feeling generous," said Frank. "Dan will you
do the honors and free Alex's privates. I must warn you we're expecting a full
confession. Be warned, Frank Robbins can sniff out a lie quicker than any man
living."

  Dan slipped under the table. He quickly removed the clamps from Alex's
nipples. That occasioned several loud screams as blood flowed back into Alex's
compressed flesh. Dan untied the shoelace holding Alex's nuts. When the knot let
go and the weights clanged to the floor, he could hear Alex gasping for breath.

  Dan examined Alex's sack. It was blue and hung two inches further than Dan
remember it. Dan was underneath the table stroking Alex's cock as he called
those golden days in Santa Barbara when he spent many pleasant hours giving
Uncle Mike and his fellow club members head.

  "I'm feeling a little oral, Frank. I'm going to give Alex a blow job while you
bugger him," said Dan.

  "Excellent, Dan. I'm providing Alex with a deep tissue massage," said Frank.
"Alex, I can definitely say your prostate is normal. How does that feel?"

  "Good," responded Alex.

  "Now, since we're being so nice to you, Dan is even sucking your cock. Tell us
about the first time you were cornholed," said Dan.

  Underneath the table, Dan watched as a drop of semen appeared at the tip of
Alex's cock. Dan stuck out his tongue and licked the drop. He savored it in his
mouth for a moment rolling it over his taste buds. Dan adjusted his height then
took Alex's cock in his mouth and began to suck it.

  "It was my stepfather," said Alex.

  "And how old were you?" asked Frank.

  "I was thirteen," said Alex.

  "Tell us about it," said Frank swirling his lube coated fingers in Alex's
slowly relaxing anus.

  "He caught me and Sam Whitaker, my best friend at the time, in the garage
jerking each other off. We were just giving each other a hand job. That's the
most we'd done," said Alex.

  "What kind of man was your stepfather?" asked Frank. "Describe his character."

  "He was a real bastard. Mom married him a year after dad was killed in a car
wreck. He treated all of us like shit. He controlled Mom. She was afraid of him
and did everything he said. Even after he started making her do sexual things
with me and my sister, she didn't leave him."

  "Alex, you seem to be opening up on two fronts. Physically, I have your bottom
loosened up to accommodate three of my rather large fingers and psychologically,
you're sharing with us an account of your incestuous family. Fascinating, How
are you coming down there Daniel?" asked Frank.

  "Excellent, it's been over a decade since I sucked dick. I forgot what a
marvelous experience it is to have a man's penis in your mouth," said Dan.

  "Yes, nothing quite matches the sensation of a cock becoming erect in your
mouth. And of course, there's that delicious musky aroma and the salty taste of
those first drops of semen.

  "So, Alex, your Step-Dad caught you jerking off the neighbor boy, proceed."

  "He told Sam to go home and ordered me into the house. Mother and Kay had gone
shopping. He started by ordering me to do to him what I had been doing with Sam.
He pulled out this huge hairy cock and told me to stroke it like I'd been doing
with Sam. He told me I was a queer, a fairy, and that he was going to show me
how queers fucked," said Alex.

  "Keep talking, Alex. I'm going to climb up on the table and put my cock in
your ass. Just pretend you're still thirteen and I'm your stepfather and it's
his cock. There, feel my knob probing your anus, return to that time and place
and imagine it's happening all over again," said Frank.

  "It's too big, daddy," said Alex. "It's hurting."

  "Aw, you called your stepfather daddy, how touching," said Frank.

  "Mom made us because he wanted us to. It hurts," said Alex.

  "Of course, it hurts, you little faggot," said Frank. "But you'll get used to
it. By this time next month you'll be able to take my cock in that faggot butt
of yours with a hint of pain."

  "Oh, daddy, you're inside me," said Alex.

  "Yes, Daddy's got his cock up your ass just like I did your sister, Kay. She
loved it when Daddy busted her cherry. I wish your mother was here to watch,"
said Frank.

  "God, how did you know he busted Kay's cherry while Mom watched?' asked Alex.

  "Just an educated guess, it's what I would have done under the circumstances,"
said Frank.

  "Frank took both of our daughter's virginity when they graduated middle
school. I held them down on the bed while Frank showed them that his ten inch
cock was capable of getting inside their tight little vaginas," Frank heard
Irene say to Bernice.

  "Now, Mother, don't embellish. You had to hold Lisa down a little but Nancy
couldn't wait to get her Daddy's cock in that sweet little hole of hers," said
Frank.

  "Nancy was the family slut. Her sophomore year in high school she screwed the
entire football team on the fifty yard line after they won the district
championship. One of the boys took pictures and posted them on the school Web
site," said Irene as she selected a five-inch diameter conical butt plug and
covered it with lubricant.

  "I'll hold her legs while you insert that," said Bernice climbing up on the
table and grabbing Kathy's ankles and bending them back over her body in a V
shape.

  Irene covered Kathy's butt hole with the lubricant then positioned the point
of the butt plug in Kathy's brown hole and shoved. Dan was sucking Alex's cock
as he watched Irene's arm muscles tighten as she applied enough force to push
the plug into Kathy's rectum until the wide part disappeared and her anus closed
around the narrow part sealing the plug in her rectum.

  "My God what are you doing to me," yelled Kathy who came awake due to the
intense pressure in her bottom.

  "Just a jumbo butt plug for your back hole and this little treasure for
pussy," said Irene holding up a nine-inch dildo covered in hard rubber bristles.

  "That's rip my pussy apart," screamed Kathy.

  "You'll heal up in a week or two and be whoring around on your husband, don't
worry," said Irene as she squirted Probe over the length of the dildo.

  "This is really going to hurt, Kathy, but thieving sluts like you deserve to
be punished," said Bernice.

  Irene positioned the dildo just inside the entrance of Kathy's vagina. Irene
noted with satisfaction that Kathy had tensed up her body and that would result
in even more severe pain. Without further delay, Irene grasped the base of the
spiked dildo in one hand and forcefully shoved it half way into Kathy's vagina.
A loud pitiful scream erupted from Kathy.

  "Oh God, I can't take anymore of this. Tell Bernie I'm sorry and I won't ever
steal. I'll work for him without pay," whined Kathy.

  Irene made a very determined push against the base of the dildo and it
bottomed out. Irene promptly pulled the dildo out. There were streaks of blood
on the sides.

  "Your cunt's bleeding," said Irene holding up the dildo for Kathy to see
before she rammed it inside her vagina. This time Irene gripped the base and
slowly rotated the dildo inside Kathy's vagina. Kathy shrieked and passed out.

  "Oh dear, our little girl has fainted. Bernice, would you be a dear and get me
a punishment strap out of the cabinet and a couple of poppers."

  Dan watched as Bernice opened one of the equipment cabinets and pulled out
something that looked like a two-foot strand of barbed wire. Dan saw the wire
had long sharp barbs every half inch or so.

  "This should do nicely," said Irene as she attached the one end of the wire to
the middle of the chain girdling Kathy's waist. Irene pulled the barbed wire
down between Kathy's legs making sure the wire crossed over her clit and the
base of the dildo. Once again, Bernice got up on the table and lifted Kathy's
legs up and back so Irene could attach the other end of the barbed wire to the
backside of the waist chain. Irene then pulled with all her strength to tighten
the barbed wire so it secured in place both the butt plug and the dildo.

  Irene broke a popper under Kathy's nose as they sat her up on the table. Both
women pulled her off the table and walked and carried her over to one of the
dungeon walls where two wrist cuffs hung down from the ceiling. Kathy's walk
betrayed the extreme pain she was feeling between her legs. In a matter of
minutes, the two experienced sadists had Kathy's arms stretched above her with
her feet barely touching the floor.

  When Dan took a moment's break from sucking Alex's cock, he looked over to see
that Kathy was tightly restrained in a vertical position. Her inner thighs were
stained with blood as the barbed wire worked its way into the flesh already
tortured by the ride on the Spanish Donkey.

  "Since one nipple is just hanging by a thread, I'll go ahead and take it off.
And just to make things even, I'll take the other off too. Bernice, maybe
another popper and some Red Bull will liven our little darling up so she can
witness the amputation," said Irene.

    Bernice quickly came back with more ampoules and a can of Red Bull. After
several minutes at resuscitation, Kathy was alert and ready for additional
tortures.

  Kathy's eyes watched as Bernice used a scalpel to cut the tiny thread of skin
holding the torn nipple.

  "You had such pretty breasts too. What a shame," said Irene as she stuck a
toothpick in the detached nipple then dipped it into a jar of Godiva Chocolate
Sauce and swirled it around. She walked over to the other table where Frank was
pounding his cock into Alex's butt. Alex was groaning each time Frank went in
deep.

  "Hold it a second, Frank. Alex, open up," said Irene offering him his wife's
nipple covered in chocolate.

  "What is it?' asked Alex looking at the large dollop of chocolate on the end
of the toothpick.

  "It's Kathy's nipple dipped in Godiva chocolate. You get to eat it," said
Bernice.

  "No, no way," said Alex shaking his head in horror.

  "You either eat it or I'm going to take my scalpel and cut an inch off the tip
of your dick," said Irene showing Alex the scalpel.

  "You can't do that. Mr. Ebbers said we wouldn't be permanently hurt," said
Alex.

  "I didn't hear Bernard say that. Besides it will heal. I am a board certified
surgeon and full capable of controlling the bleeding. You'll just have a funny
looking cock that's an inch shorter. So what's it going to be? Eat a chocolate
nipple or loose an inch of peter," asked Irene.

  Alex answered by opening his mouth. Irene allowed him to take the chocolate
nipple off the toothpick and watched as he chewed ad swallowed it.

  "Good boy, now we'll let Kathy eat her other nipple just as soon as I amputate
it," said Irene turning back toward Kathy.

  Kathy tried unsuccessfully to twist as Irene approached scalpel in hand.

  "Let's apply the press first. It'll make for a neater job," said Irene taking
the wooden implement out of its case.

  "Here, let me help," said Bernice.

  "I always start with the tit press. Baroness Marcella taught me that when I
was a young girl studying under her in Florence," said Irene.

  The two women fitted the one-inch wide slats above and below Kathy's breasts.

  "You stretch her boobs out while I tighten," said Irene handing Bernice two
large hemostats. Irene quickly captured a solid two inches of breast flesh in
the hemostats, placed her knee against Kathy's stomach and leaned back with all
her weight pulling Kathy's breasts outward causing her to scream in response to
the incredible pressure being placed on her breasts. Irene quickly spun the wing
nuts to shorten the distance between the wooden slats.

  "Hold her just a minute more," urged Irene as she tightened the press until
Kathy's boobs were forced out until they looked like two over stuffed sausages.
Almost immediately, they began to darken and large red veins formed jagged
ridges above the surface.

  Bernice detached the hemostats as Irene gave the wing nuts several more turns.
Kathy was wide awake and begging them to take the press off her boobs.

  Meanwhile under the table, Dan was rewarded with a mouthful of Alex's salty
cum. He savored the slippery fluid then swallowed it. Dan decided he wanted more
homosexual sex.

  "Frank, how about we make a sandwich with me in the middle. I'll fuck Alex and
you fuck me," said Dan.

  "Sure, let's do it," said the affable Frank Robbins pulling his cock out of
Alex's butthole with a barely audible pop.

  Dan climbed on top of Alex and put his cock in Alex's asshole. He waited while
Frank applied lubricant to his rectum then climbed back up on the table and
pushed his ten inch cock in Dan's butt hole.

  "This feels terrific, Frank, reminds me of my youth," said Dan.

  "A sandwich fuck is always enjoyable. How are you doing down there, Alex,"
said Frank.

  "Good, this is great," said Alex.

  Dan turned to watch the women as Kathy let out a particularly loud scream. Dan
saw Irene dip a toothpick containing Kathy's other nipple into the chocolate
jar. Dan relaxed into the fuck as he listened to the women chatter.

  "Eat it," said Irene.

  "No," replied Kathy.

  "If you don't, I'll perform a clitectomy and you'll never have an orgasm
again. Open up and swallow. Now that's a good girl. Chew it up and swallow. Open
your mouth and show all gone. Yes, that's a good girl," said Irene.

  "What's next?' asked Bernice.

  "Bernie said Kathy was very proud of her breasts and was always showing then
off in the Ladies Locker Room and teasing the other instructors. He asked me to
fix them so nobody will ever look at them again without feeling disgust. Here,
plug in both soldering irons. Fortunately I bought a spare you can use," asked
Irene handing the electrical plugs to Bernice.

  Dan returned his mind to the great ass fucking that Frank was giving him.
Frank decided to tease Alex some more by inquiring about his sexual history.

  "Alex, if your stepfather was first inside your rectum, who was last excepting
Dan and myself," asked Frank.

  "This guy I meet at an adult video store at lunch on Wednesday. It's the place
on Washington Street at Downtown Crossing in Boston. He screws me in a booth,"
responded Alex between grunts.

  "You must like to suck cock through a gloryhole," commented Frank.

  "Yes, I do that," said Alex.

  "What's your one day record for swallowing loads?" asked Frank.

  "Seven I think," said Alex.

  "Listen to your wife, Alex. The girls are working her boobs. I hope you're not
a tit man. Look," said Frank.

  Kathy had just sounded a particularly loud scream. When Dan looked over, he
saw that each of Kathy's breasts had several large gauge needles inserted and
that Bernice and Irene were holding a soldering gun against the base of the
needles. They were using the guns to heat the needles.

  "It cooks the breast from the inside out. The pain and scars are hideous,"
said Irene.

  Dan, Alex, and Frank fucked for fifteen more minutes before Dan dumped his
load in Alex's butt. Dan concentrated on squeezing Frank's cock until he placed
a full load of warm semen in Dan's rectum. The two men climbed off the table and
walked over to inspect the efforts of Irene and Bernice.

  Dan saw that Kathy's breasts were horribly disfigured. The nipples were
missing and the raw flesh had been brutally cauterized by the soldering guns.
There were ugly ridges, bumps, and charred places over the entire surface of
each breast. Kathy was weeping in shock and pain.

  "I've really enjoyed this," said Dan. "Thanks for allowing us to stay and
participate," said Dan.

  "Think nothing of it. Anything for the husband of Candace Williams," said
Frank.

  Bernice and Dan said their good byes. As they left, Dan looked back to see
Frank Robbins once more fucking Alex in the ass. Irene was busy with her
soldering gun and Kathy was screaming in pain with all the lungpower she could
muster.

  It was over two hours later. Dan and Bernice were seated in the front row of
the mansions first floor theatre. They had spent the time looking in on various
fetish rooms in the mansion. Bernice wanted to show Dan the world of S&M in all
the strange perversions and fetishes that the club had to offer.

  Dan found the Tickling Room interesting but not personally erotic. There were
people under restraint being ticked with a variety of feathers and ordinary
fingers. One man sported an enormous hard on as a skinny blonde woman tickled
the soles of his feet with a set of ostrich plumes.

  The Smother and Strangle Room was a mind trip. Bernice had explained
'asphyxaphalia' as the watched a man being strangled by one woman using a
garrote while another rode his cock.

  "They say it's the ultimate orgasm. I've tried it. One woman ate me out while
another tightened a ligature around my neck. You reach orgasm just as you loose
consciousness. It takes timing and skill. Devotees have died when their air is
cut off too long."

  "How was it?" asked Dan.

  "It was a great cum. I couldn't move afterwards."

  The Boxing Room did interest Dan. There were two naked young women in the
ring, one Caucasian and one Latino. Boxing gloves and shoes were their only
apparel.  Bernice explained that some of the wealthy club members would put up
prize money and invite girls from the ghettos to fight. The girls had to have
some experience boxing. The big difference was that the referee was only there
to break up clinches.

  "Normally, they beat each other bloody," said Bernice.

  Dan watched as the Latino girl forced her overmatched opponent into the corner
and wailed away at her face and tits. The stronger girl used her knee to hold
the girl against the ring post as she worked on her face and breasts. The girl
being pummeled had one eye swelled shut. There was a cut above the other eye and
the oozing blood effectively blinded her.  The referee stood idly by as the
stronger girl landed blow after blow. It wasn't a fight. It was a beating.
Finally the stronger girl backed up and landed a kick into the genitals of her
opponent. The girl collapsed to the mat clutching her pussy and kicking her legs
in pain.

  "Ouch, that must have hurt," said Dan.

  "These girls from the projects don't know the meaning of sisterhood. I once
watched one stomp on the pussy of an opponent who was out cold on the canvas.
She looked like she was trying to end the girls enjoyment of sex for all time."

  A loud gong sounded.

  "We are being summoned to the theatre. Bernie Ebbers is going to perform the
finale on the Bachman's."

  Dan and Bernice found seats in the front row along with Frank and Irene and
the other couple that had punished the Bachman's. When the curtain went up, Dan
found himself looking directly at the butts of Alex and Kathy. They were chained
in the all fours tabletop position. Their chests and abdomens rested on a padded
bench.  They were restrained in such a way that Alex's asshole and Kathy's pussy
and asshole were clearly visible.  Kathy's breasts hung down on each side of the
bench. Dan thought they looked black.

  "Did you burn her tits some more?" asked Bernice

  "I didn't want her to get infected so I cauterized all the whip wounds in her
breasts with my soldering gun. Too bad, the little dear will never be able to go
topless. I suspect the scarring will be hideously ugly," said Irene.

    "The young man Alex had a nice tight asshole. I had to shove hard to get my
arm inside. He'd never been fist fucked," said Frank matter of factly.

  "You all didn't leave much for us to work with. I put hairbrushes in their
assholes and twisted them but they were too exhausted to scream," said the other
man that Dan took to be part of the third couple.

  "She hardly made a peep when I extracted all her toenails. Normally, they
scream their heads off when you yank them off, " said the man's wife.

  A man appeared on the stage that Dan correctly guessed was Bernie Ebbers. He
was carrying a cordless microphone.

  "As some of you know, the wife of this couple embezzled some money from me. I
employed her in a position of trust. Rather than go to jail, I offered her and
her husband the option to spend one night in our club as dungeon slaves. They
accepted. Three couples were selected to meet out punishment in lieu of prison.
From the looks of these two, I'd say that they've done a hell of a job. You
three couples stand up and take a bow."

  Dan found himself standing up and facing a room full of around fifty people
who clapped politely.

  When he turned around, he saw that a woman had appeared on stage. She held the
leash of four highly active large male Dalmatian dogs.  The dogs seemed very
excited as the woman raised each one up on their hind legs to display their
massive cocks. Dan guessed this wasn't the first time that the canines had been
there and that they knew what was coming. Another man Bernie introduced as Mike
walked onto on stage carrying a professional looking video camera.

  "Just so the young couple keeps quiet about this wonderful night of
entertainment our club has provided, we're going to make a little video of
Aries, Ajax, Orion, and Jason having sex with them.

  "Alex, I don't suppose you've ever been fucked in the ass by a dog, have you?"
asked Bernie as he held the microphone to Alex's mouth.

  "No, never, my ass is so sore, please don't," said Alex in a weak voice.

  "Ah, you'll get over it, How about you, Kathy, ready to let these lovable
pooches screw you?"

  "Oh my God, Mr. Ebbers, you've done so much to us. Please let us go. We won't
say anything," said Kathy.

  "I wish I could trust your word but you're a thief and that means I can't
allow you to leave with a hold over you. Mike here is going to direct and
capture on video you and these hounds doing the old in and out. If you talk
about tonight, copies on DVD will be sent to friends, relatives, and places of
employment plus that nice little Methodist Church the two of you attend. They'll
also be posted on a Web site."

  Kathy sounded out another wail.

  "By the way, if you don't do exactly as Mike and Leslie say, Mike has a cattle
prod that he's going to stick up your ass and let you have it like you were a
Jersey bull. So, don't make it hard on yourself," said Bernie.

  "That's Bernie's wife, Leslie, she breeds Dalmatians and trains them to fuck
humans. Look at the cocks on those pups," whispered Bernice as she licked her
lips over the size of the dog's penises.

  Leslie helped two of the dogs' mount Alex and Kathy. She expertly slipped the
dog cocks into their butt holes and the two dogs began to madly pump away.
Leslie took the other two dogs around to the front of the couple and Dan saw
Kathy take a dog cock in her mouth and start to suck it. Mike worked the camera
to take close-ups of Alex and Kathy sucking dog dick. Mike moved around the
couple capturing the action on video. Dan thought to himself that if someone had
a DVD of him sucking dog cock they would effectively own him for the rest of his
days. I bet Bernie Ebbers will be fucking Kathy Bachman from now to doomsday
concluded Dan.

   It didn't take long for the two humping dogs to climax. The woman moved
quickly to rotate the dogs. Kathy and Alex were sucking and licking dog cocks
that had been in their ass while the other two fucked them. It was all over
shortly. Dan watched as dog cum oozed out of the pair's butt hole.

  Bernie appeared back on stage. Leslie walked the dogs off then immediately
came back out again pushing a brazier full of red-hot coals. There were several
metal rods sticking out of the glowing coals.

  "We have only this last thing. In the old days, they used to brand thieves.
And that's exactly what we're going to do tonight."

  Kathy started yelling 'no' at the top of her voice then fainted. Leslie
promptly used poppers to return Kathy to consciousness.

  Dan watched as they unchained Kathy from the bench and put her on her back.
Mike bent her double holding her legs in a 'V' as he bent them back over her
head. Her cunt was pointed toward the audience. Leslie used two pair of forceps
to grab each of Kathy's labial lips and pull them apart so her vagina opening
was clearly exposed. Her pussy lips were spread like butterfly wings. Bernie
used a rag to remove a rod from the brazier. Dan saw that it was a branding
iron.

  "This is the letter 'T' for thief," announced Bernie.

  Bernie carefully placed the branding iron right at the left side entrance to
Kathy's vagina then pushed it into her flesh and held it. There was the hissing
sound of burning flesh. A small cloud of steam arose when the iron made contact.
Kathy awoke from her stupor and screeched in pain.

  "That certainly got her attention," said Bernice.

  "That's going to be hard to explain to her gynecologist," commented Irene.

  Bernie then took another glowing red 'T' iron and branded the other side of
Kathy's pussy. The brand wasn't actually inside her vagina but it was on the
pinker flesh that surrounded the entrance.

  "Our little Kathy's not going to be fucking anybody for a long time," said
Bernice as the curtain closed.




Chapter 16 - Election Fraud



Please take note! Adults Only Literature

The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written for
adults only.

If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing this
file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
now.

This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
is purely coincidental, etc.

Copyright 2003

                                                                ****





  "There, right there, you're right on my sweet spot, oh lord Jesus, I'm cumming
again," gasped Trudy Knox. Trudy was on her back with her legs in a wide V
pointed toward the ceiling. There was an overstuffed goose down pillow under her
butt tilting her rear upward at a forty-five degree angle. An adjustable
spreader bar held Trudy's ankles the maximum comfortable distance apart. Wide
nylon straps looped around Trudy's upraised ankles were tied to the bedposts of
the queen size canopied bed. Trudy and Cindy were in Trudy's Fairfax, VA
condominium.

  Trudy's sexual organs were as open and accessible as Cindy could comfortably
make them. Cindy was intent on Trudy's birthday being one she would never
forget. Over the past few weeks, Cindy had grown fond of Trudy. She had gone so
far as to speak with Candace about retaining Trudy as part of her Congressional
staff once Candace won the election.

  "Trudy's the one who really makes the office work. She handles all the
constituent relations and keeps everything organized. The rest of Harrington's
staff is utterly worthless even as cocksman," said Cindy to Candace taking her
mouth off Rhonda's pussy for a moment.

   "I thing we can find a place for Ms. Knox after the election," said Candace
as she licked Cindy's vagina. "How is she at eating pussy?"

  "Good, little kinky, loves for me to pretend to be her mother when we do it. I
call her Mommy and she refers to me as Cindy Lou, her daughter," said Cindy all
the while keeping her mouth on Rhonda's clit.

  "Can we talk politics later? I'm trying to get off here," said Rhonda removing
her mouth from Candace's pussy for a moment.

  "Cindy, make your big sister hit the big O and I mean the capital O and we'll
keep Trudy on," said Candace.

  That was last weekend when Cindy flew home for a short visit. Cindy, her half
sister Rhonda, and Candace were having three way lesbian sex in Rhonda's
condominium. They had been locked together in a daisy chain for the last half
hour. Candace's decision to keep Trudy employed made Cindy feel less guilty
about her relationship with Trudy.

  Currently, Cindy's tongue was licking swirls around Trudy's clit while her
latex gloved right hand was inside Trudy's vagina twisting from left to right.
One of Cindy's educated fingers was focused on slowly stroking Trudy's G-spot.
Cindy's fingernail was scratching across that highly sensitive pleasure antenna
sending waves of erotic feelings to Trudy's over stimulated cerebral cortex.

  Trudy's hands were also busy. Each thumb and forefinger gripped a nipple
pulling and twisting to the degree that was just painful enough to still be
erotic. Trudy moaned as she dug her fingernails into her nipples and pressed
hard, enjoying how the pain in her breasts complemented the sensations that
Cindy was creating in her pussy and asshole.

  I've never experienced sex at this level thought Trudy. I've never had an
evening like this. It's gone on for hours. I'm surprised my parts still function
after all the action they've seen. After my last climax at the club I thought I
was done but Cindy's got me right back up there. Cindy is the best lover I've
ever known. She's going to fuck me to death. I just keep climaxing and climaxing
without any end. I'll never forget this birthday.

  Cindy's left hand was methodically stroking a well-lubricated eight-inch
tapered anal sex toy into Trudy's butt hole. The anal toy's conical shape was
molded in the form of successively large donuts. Its soft clear blue gel plastic
surface would almost exit Trudy's anus leaving only the tip inside before Cindy
forced it back up Trudy's over sensitized shit chute. The maximum diameter of
the anal dildo was five inches. Trudy's anal ring loved the feeling of being
stretched that far.

  Trudy's butt and vagina were covered with sensitizing oil that made it warm
and easily stimulated. Trudy issued an appreciative grunt as each ring of the
anal probe forced her asshole wider then slightly smaller then even wider again.

  "Cum for me, Momma, show your daughter Cynthia Lou how hot you get when she's
got her hands in your holes. I love the way my Mother's hungry ass is grabbing
the probe. You asshole would eat this toy if it could.  Tell me how starved your
butthole is, Mother" said Cindy.

  "Please, sweetheart, I beg you, keep butt fucking your mother with that toy.
It's driving me out of my mind. My ass and pussy are on fire, flashbulbs keep
going off in my brain," said Trudy clamping her rectum around the anal probe.

  Trudy's stomach and breasts were covered with large drops of sweat. A thin
line of drool had formed at one side of her mouth. It was well past midnight.

   Thank God I don't have to work tomorrow thought Trudy. I may not be able to
get out of bed. This was the fourth time that night that Cindy had made love to
her. It was Trudy's forty-fifth birthday and Cindy had promised her something
special.

  The evening had begun with Cindy taking Trudy to dinner at her favorite
restaurant in Georgetown. Dinner had started with two ice-cold apple martinis at
the bar. Once seated, they consumed a platter of chilled crab claws and oysters
accompanied by an aperitif. Cesar salads followed by fresh grilled Chilean sea
bass and chocolate souffle completed the meal. During dinner, they consumed two
bottles of French champagne and finished up with a 34-year-old vintage Fonseca
tawny port that complemented the souffle perfectly. Cindy paid the $585 check
with a platinum American Express card whose monthly invoice was billed to the
Williams for Congress Committee.

  After dinner, Cindy and Trudy got into a waiting cab. They were both feeling a
little high and in excellent spirits.

  "Thank you for such a lovely dinner. Are you sure you can afford it?" said
Trudy once they were seated in the back of the cab.

  "Nothing is too good for my mother on her birthday, I must warn you I'm
feeling very full of myself tonight, anything is likely to happen," said Cindy
leaning over to kiss Trudy. It was a very passionate kiss and when Cindy broke
the kiss, she saw that the cab driver was watching them in the rear view mirror.

  "Let's have some fun with the driver," whispered Cindy as she gave Trudy a
conspiratorial wink.

  "Hakim, haven't you ever seen a mother and daughter kiss before," said Cindy
noting that the driver identification plate displayed 'Hakim Valjaypayee'.

  "Not in that way," replied Hakim. Cindy saw Hakim had a broad grin on his
face.

  "Where are you from, Hakim" asked Trudy?

  "Mumbai," replied Hakim. "I came here three months ago to live with my brother
and his wife."

  "Mumbai used to be Bombay. The British misunderstood the Indian pronunciation
and called the city by the wrong name for three centuries," said Trudy.

  "That is true. Not many Americans know that," said Hakim pleased that the
American woman knew something about his country.

  "My mother is very smart. Where is your mother, Hakim?" asked Cindy running
her hand up and down Trudy's thigh.

  "She is still in Mumbai with my sister," said Hakim.

  "When your mother and sister kiss, do they do it like this?" said Cindy as she
and Trudy embraced for a long passionate tongue kiss. Cindy slipped one hand up
Trudy's skirt and stroked her crotch.

  "Oh no, it would not be allowed," replied Hakim laughing.

  "Hakim, you wouldn't believe how hot my Mother's pussy is. She just loves to
fuck her equally horny daughter. She's the sexiest Mother a daughter ever had,"
said Cindy right before she and Trudy engaged in an open mouth kiss where their
tongues intertwined in mid air, a porno kiss.

  "Hakim's Mother must not be a lesbian. My daughter and I are lipstick
lesbians. Do you know what that is Hakim?" asked Trudy once the kiss ended.

  "No, but we have many women in India who make love to one another. It is in
the Kama Sutra," said Hakim.

  "So you don't mind if my Mother and I make love in the back of your cab?"
asked Cindy.

  "No, please do," said Hakim laughing and smiling.

  "Can we take our panties off so we can play with our pussies?  You can watch,"
said Cindy.

  "Yes, that would be most enjoyable. I would like that very much," said Hakim
who was obviously getting excited.

  "Here Mother, raise up and I'll pull yours pants down," said Cindy. Trudy
immediately pulled her stylishly short skirt up to her waist and raised her
hips. Cindy grabbed the top of Trudy's pantyhose and panties and pulled them
down to her shoe tops. Trudy sat down and kicked her pumps off allowing Cindy to
completely remove her hose and panty. Next, Cindy pulled her skirt up and pulled
her pantyhose and panty down and off. Cindy tossed everything over the seat back
onto the front passenger seat. As she did, Cindy pulled Trudy's leg across her
lap exposing her sex.

  "Souvenir for you, Hakim. Look, doesn't my mother have a beautiful vagina,
Hakim? See how her clit sticks out when I rub it, it's gets very excited and red
when you play with it, see," said Cindy wetting her finger and tracing a small
wet circle around Trudy's clitoris.

  "It is very nice what you do for your mother," said Hakim looking back over
the seat rest since they were stopped in traffic.

  "And her pussy is still very tight, I can barely get my finger inside, Watch
Hakim, is your wife's pussy that tight?" said Cindy as she finger fucked Trudy's
hole while Hakim watched.

  "Oh I am not married. I cannot yet afford a wife," said Hakim.

  "How about your brother's wife? Does your brother watch when you finger fuck
her?" said Cindy.

  "Oh no, I do not touch Raja's wife. It is forbidden," said Hakim.

  "Show Hakim your pussy, Cindy," said Trudy. "My daughter has a beautiful
pussy. It's a work of art. Scoot down Cynthia Lou so Hakim can watch me eat
you."

  Cindy scooted down and spread her legs over the front seat's backrest exposing
her sex. Hakim watched as Trudy bent over and began to lick Cindy's vagina.
Cindy moaned loudly as Trudy slipped a finger in her vagina tugging against the
sides to open her up.

  "Oh that feels good. See what a wonderful Mother I have, Hakim. She's always
willing to put her head between my legs and lick my cunt until I experience an
orgasm. But this is her birthday so I'm the one who should be licking her cunt,"
said Cindy pulling Trudy up for another passionate tongue kiss. Both women's
fingers were stroking each other's glistening cunts as the kissed.

  "Happy Birthday, miss," said Hakim.

  "Thank You Hakim, I hope when you can afford a wife, you get one whose pussy
tastes as good as my daughter's. Here, have a taste, see how delicious she is,"
said Trudy reaching a wet hand over the backseat. Hakim dutifully stuck out a
large pink tongue and licked Trudy's wet fingers.

  "Here, Hakim, taste my mother too, isn't she delicious? See how wet she is.
You can practically drink her," said Cindy offering Hakim several very wet
fingers to lick.

  "Both of you taste very fine, very fine indeed, and your undies smell very
nice," said Hakim snatching both pairs of panties off the seat and pressing them
to his nose as he inhaled.

  "Hakim, would it be against the rules of the cab company if I ate my mother's
pussy while you drove? You can take your cock out and masturbate," said Cindy as
she pulled Trudy's legs apart and began to lick around her clitoris. Cindy heard
the sound of a zipper.

  The cab traveled slowly down K Street through the heavy traffic. Hakim didn't
seem to be in any hurry. Trudy had her back to the passenger side cab door, one
leg on the front seat back rest and the other on the deck under the rear window.
At every light and traffic stop, Hakim turned around to watch Cindy performing
oral sex on Trudy. The women were purposefully loud. Trudy mouthed a
self-composed Hindu prayer.

  "Oh Lord Rama, giver of pleasure, protector of those devoted to the making of
love, anoint my daughter Cynthia with the power and knowledge of the Kama Sutra
and help me achieve an orgasm while she tongues my cunt," said Trudy. "Hakim,
Cindy has her fingers in my cunt and it is divine. I wish Lord Rama were here to
approve."

  "I approve, so would Lord Rama," said Hakim jerking his now very hard cock.

  Both women sensed that Hakim was busily masturbating as he drove the car
erratically with one hand through the bumper-to-bumper traffic.

  Cindy inserted two fingers in Trudy's vagina and worked her G-spot. Over the
last few weeks, Cindy had become intimately acquainted with the geography of
Trudy's snatch. Cindy's tongue made love to Trudy's engorged clit. Cindy teased
Trudy's labia with sharp little bites pulling the loose flaps of skin.

  "Oh Hakim, watch my daughter eat me. Learn from her how to pleasure a wife
with your mouth. She will never leave you if you do," said Trudy as she rode
along on increasing waves of pleasure.

  "Your daughter appears quite competent, miss," said Hakim.

   Finally, as the cab approached the address that Cindy gave Hakim, Trudy began
to trash from side to side as she climaxed. The cab had pulled off on a
Georgetown side street then drove up an even narrower street and came to rest in
the circular driveway of a city mansion.

  Trudy was leaning against the door feeling totally warm, relaxed and well
fucked when the cab door opened and she fell backward. Her head and shoulders
were hanging out of the cab. Trudy looked up into the smiling face of a tall
brunette dressed in a uniform and wearing a badge identifying her as 'Kerry -
Club Security'.

  Trudy grasped Kerry's outstretched hand to raise herself back into a seated
position. Trudy felt embarrassed since her legs were still spread and Cindy was
quietly licking between her legs.

  "Cindy Powers and her Mother have arrived and they looked like they enjoyed
themselves getting here," spoke Kerry into the microphone attached to her
headset.

  Trudy stepped out of the cab immediately followed by Cindy who hugged and
kissed Kerry. Trudy noticed that Cindy had not bothered to pull her skirt down
and Kerry's hand grasped her naked butt as they kissed. Trudy paid the cab,
noting that Hakim had their panties wrapped around his cock using them to jerk
off. Just as she handed a $20 bill into the cab, Hakim let out a little yell and
dumped his load into her britches.

  "Keep it and them," said Trudy as she allowed the $20 to flutter to the seat.

  "Kerry, this is my mother, Trudy," said Cindy when Trudy turned around and
Hakim drive off.

  "Welcome to Vixens and Happy Birthday," said Kerry taking Trudy in her arms
and tongue kissing her. Trudy relaxed in the warm embrace. Kerry raised Trudy's
short skirt to grasp her naked bottom with both hands pulling Trudy's crotch
against hers and grinding their pubic bones together. Trudy realized how tall
and well-muscled Kerry was when she felt her powerful arms wrap around her.
Trudy felt a little embarrassed that her bottom was exposed and that Kerry's
hands had grabbed both cheeks firmly only yards off a public road.

  "Cindy, your mother's ass makes my mouth water," said Kerry breaking the kiss.

  "It's not your mouth that's watering," said Cindy. "We're a little drunk and
ready to party. How is it inside?"

  "Hot, lots of action, the new band is great and the drummer is sweet, very
sweet," said Kerry showing the two of them to the door.

  "What is this place?" asked Trudy looking for a sign of some kind but not
finding one.

  "It just opened two weeks ago. It's called Vixens,' responded Cindy. What
Cindy did not say was that her half sister, Rhonda, owned Vixens.  Identical
upscale lesbian clubs were being established in New York, Boston, Chicago, and
Los Angeles. The DC Vixens was considered especially important because Candace
and Rhonda considered it a conduit to the rich and powerful women of the
nation's capital.

  "This place is gorgeous. How come I've never heard of it?" asked Trudy once
they were seated at the bar drinking an ice-cold Grey Goose martini.

  "It's new. They don't advertise. It's a private club and membership is by
invitation only," said Cindy.

  "And how come you know about this place?' asked Trudy.

  "A good friend is one of the owners," said Cindy. "Feel like dancing?"

  "Yes, let's do it," said Trudy.

  The dance floor was crowded with gyrating females enjoying themselves as they
pushed parts of their body against their dance partner or anyone willing to push
back. The dancing was non-stop and Trudy found herself enormously excited by the
raw energy of several hundred women cutting loose on the dance floor. Trudy
looked around admiring the many bare breasted women who were rubbing their
nipples against their partners as they danced. Hot, wet kisses were being
exchanged and crotches stroked as the music pounded a fast Latin disco beat.

  Cindy hiked her own skirt up then Trudy's as she rubbed the top of her naked
thigh against Trudy's sex. Trudy got the message and rubbed her sex up and down
Cindy's thigh in time to the music. When Trudy looked down, she saw that the top
of Cindy's thigh was covered with sheen of wetness. After that they both used
each other's naked thighs to masturbate as they danced.

  "Mother, I want to fuck you again," said Cindy when the band went on break.

  "Yes, Cindy Lou, you can have me anyway you want me," said Trudy incredibly
turned on by the eroticism of the dance floor. Right off the dance floor, Trudy
walked past an incredibly beautiful young girl with her legs spread across the
arms of a wingback chair. The girl's sex was exposed. Kneeling in front of the
girl was an older woman slowly licking the girl's vagina.

  "You can loose your inhibitions in this place," commented Cindy as they walked
toward the back of the building.

  Cindy took Trudy's hand and led her away from the dance floor up a staircase
to the second floor. At the landing, Cindy pushed Trudy against the wall and
kissed her as she raised her skirt and took hold of her sex. Cindy raised her
own skirt and ground her pubic area against Trudy's. Trudy found herself getting
enormously turned on by the feeling of Cindy's sex rubbing against hers.

  "I have a special treat for you upstairs. But before we get there, there's
something I want to show you," said Cindy. "We have to be very quiet." Trudy
followed as Cindy led her into a small almost closet like room. Cindy moved
aside a wall panel, as she whispered, "Not a sound, a one way mirror."

  Trudy looked into a beautiful marble bathroom. Trudy caught her breath, as she
understood what she was watching. There was a blonde older woman in the marble
bath. It was California Representative, Jane Harman and she was completely
naked. One of Jane's hands was methodically pushing a large black latex dildo
into her cunt.  The other hand was making swirling motions around her clitoris.
The Congresswoman's body was covered with golden yellow droplets.

  Surrounding the bath were a half dozen young black girls dressed in nun's
habits. Each of them held a bottle of Evian water. As Trudy watched, one of the
black girls climbed up on the bath to stand over Congresswoman Harman who was
busily masturbating her swollen clit.

  "Open up Jane and take your medicine," said the black girl as she pulled up
her habit and spread her labia to expose her urethra. The black girl was naked
under the habit.

  "Yes, Sister Mary, I'll take it," said the Congressman as she opened her mouth
wide and redoubled her masturbatory efforts.

  Trudy was shocked as the black girl aimed a stream of yellow urine into the
Congresswoman's open mouth. Some landed in her hair and splattered on her face,
but the nun found her target and soon the stream was landing directly in the
Congresswoman's mouth.

  Trudy watched as the Congresswoman's throat action indicated she was
swallowing the urine as fast as she could.

  "That's a good girl, Jane, swallow your medicine and you'll get some more,"
said the ersatz nun.

  Trudy saw that Congresswoman Harman's belly was distended indicating she had
already swallowed a considerable quantity of urine.

  "See everyone, how our Jane takes her medicine. Jane, it'll make you well,"
said the black girl was she carefully maintained the aim of her stream of piss
into Jane's open mouth.

  "Amazing, I always thought Congresswoman Harman was a straight arrow," said
Trudy once they had crept quietly out of the closet.

  "It's just a tiny little kink, something must have happened to her in her
childhood, she spent some time in a convent in Mendocino where the nuns had some
interesting ways to amuse themselves. The Congresswoman's quite a dedicated piss
queen. She'll swallow piss until the girls run dry. Last time, she looked like
she was five month's pregnant. She told me she was happiest when her belly felt
full of warm urine and it sloshed when she walked," said Cindy.

  "You were with her, actually pissed in her mouth," said Trudy.

  "I help my sister out when I can find the time," said Cindy. "We're in here."

  Trudy eyes scanned the large room appreciating the rich and tasteful
decorations. There were marble statues of naked women in the four corners of the
room and the walls were decorated with scenes of young girls and women making
love. Trudy looked upward to see there was a mural on the ceiling of Amazon
warriors clad in bright gold armor ravishing noblewomen. The women's husbands
stood nearby helpless chained to a wall.

  Trudy also saw there were 6 beautiful women in the room. Each was wearing a
sarong skirt and was nude above the waist. The six women had toned well-tanned
bodies. One of the women immediately stepped forward and spoke.

  "Hello, I'm Bridgett and I'll be your hostess. This must be the birthday girl,
Trudy. Here, let us help you undress," said the woman who was apparently in
charge.

  The six women quickly surrounded Trudy and took her clothes off. Once naked,
their hands lingered on Trudy's breasts, vagina, and buttocks as they led her
over to a narrow pedestal bed located in the center of the room. Trudy noticed
that Cindy seemed to have disappeared as she reclined on the bed. Trudy didn't
object as the women buckled soft leather cuffs on her ankles and wrists. Trudy
allowed herself to be spread eagle on the bed. She found it highly erotic to be
naked, restrained, and vulnerable surrounded by the six women.

  God I'm already wet as a fountain and they've barely started. I'll be
screaming for an orgasm if this keeps up thought Trudy.

  From a corner of the room, Trudy heard the sound of string instruments.
Musicians had silently entered the room. There were two violinists and a viola
player. They slowly began to play a piece of classical music that Trudy didn't
recognize.

  Each woman approached Trudy, wished her a Happy Birthday and kissed her.  They
roamed their hands over her nakedness touching her breasts and vagina. Once she
had kissed all six women, Trudy watched as two of the women with extremely large
breasts positioned themselves at the head and foot of Trudy's platform. Trudy
found herself looking hungrily upward at the bottoms of two large globes. I wish
I could touch and suck them thought Trudy.

  Four other women came forward each holding three-dozen long stemmed red roses. 
The two large breasted women placed their hands under their breasts and raised
them slightly upwards in a gesture of supplication.

    The women with the roses assumed a stance and began to savagely whip the
breasts of the women at Trudy's feet and head. Both women let out gasps and
muffled cries of pain as the rose stems landed on their breasts. Rose petals
showered down on Trudy along with drops of blood.

  Those rose stems have thorns realized Trudy. That must be agonizing. Look at
how hard their tits are being whipped. I'm amazed they're not screaming. Trudy
tasted blood as several drops landed on her face and lips.

  The whipping continued until all the rose petals had fallen off. Trudy looked
down to see that her body was covered in rose petals and drops of blood. Trudy
watched as the two women with the badly damaged breasts came together with the
four women who had wielded the spiked stems and passionately kissed. When they
parted, Trudy saw that all the women were smeared with blood.

  All six women began to make love to Trudy. There were women probing their
tongues in her ears, kissing her lips and licking her face, sucking her breasts
and making passionate oral love to her vagina and clitoris. No part of Trudy's
body was left untouched. Her individual toes were sucked and the instep of her
feet massaged with a warm tongue. Trudy's fingers and thumbs were slowly and
deliciously sucked. There was always a warm mouth on her clit, a tongue probing
her vagina or anus or both. Trudy began to climax and couldn't stop. They
propelled her into a multi-orgasmic plateau and her mind into a prolonged state
of erotic ecstasy.

  Just when Trudy thought she couldn't stand one more minute, the music stopped
and the women ceased their lovemaking. Trudy felt two hungry mouths began to
work furiously on her clit and vagina. Trudy's passion dissolved in one
soul-shattering climax. Trudy writhed and convulsed, twisting in her bonds. At
the end, she fell back, temporarily satiated.

  Bridgett raised Trudy up so she could take a sip of Evian water. As Trudy
drank, she watched the other five women come forth, kiss her vagina then leave.
Trudy relaxed thinking it was over.  Bridgett unfastened the cuffs around her
ankles and wrists.

  But after a few moments, the music resumed but the tempo was much faster as
the strings played an ancient gypsy song about two lovers who came to grief.
Only Bridgett and the musicians were still in the room.

  Trudy sensed a movement at the foot of the bed and looked down to see a naked
Cindy wearing an elaborate mask that depicted some bird like creature from Hell
entering through a hidden door. Cindy climbed on the bed between Trudy's legs
then stood and walked forward until she stood directly over Trudy's face.

   Trudy saw there was a tight leather harness around Cindy's waist and between
her legs. The harness served to hold the largest strap-on dildo that Trudy had
ever seen. The dildo looked nothing like one of those latex dildos that Trudy
had purchased in a local sex shop. Its surface was darker and more uneven.

  "Beautiful, isn't it," said Cindy when she noticed Trudy admiring the fake
cock.

  "Yes, magnificent, what is it?" asked Trudy.

  "Here, suck on it and I will tell you its story," said Cindy as she lowered
herself. Trudy licked the head of the cock.

  "It feels real," said Trudy. "I felt it move when I put my mouth on the head."

  "It is real after a fashion. That is the amputated cock of one of history's
most evil men. And yes, it does respond when it touches a woman. Keep sucking as
I relate its history," said Cindy. 

  "It's the preserved cock of Father Ignatius Ramoldo who was executed in St.
Marks' Square in Venice in 1543.   The Doge had his penis and scrotum removed
and preserved before the Father was broken on the wheel," said Cindy.

  "What did the priest do to be executed," asked Trudy.

  "Rape and murder on an incredible scale, he killed hundreds savagely, young
girls and boys, grown women, mostly nuns but the occasional house servant or
noblewoman, and surprisingly enough even men. Father Ramoldo was an equal
opportunity serial killer," said Cindy.

  "How did you come by it," asked Trudy swirling her tongue around the head.
Trudy could sense a growing hardness and a feeling of kinetic energy surging
from the cock head into her mouth. Trudy felt herself being aroused. She was
very conscious of a growing need in her empty vagina.

  "I borrowed it for tonight. The owners of Vixens acquired it from a collector
of oddities. Years ago, a rich antiquarian arranged for it to be removed from
its preservative formula and made into this useful object. Feel it, that's real
human flesh, the same thing that his victims felt when he raped them," said
Cindy.

  "It feels real and it is so large, I want it inside me just like I was one of
the Father's victims," said Trudy touching and wrapping her hand around the
preserved cock and pushing it toward the opening to her vagina.

  "Keep sucking for now. I want your cunt to be ravenous when I plunge it inside
you. The more you suck and lick Father Ramoldo, the greater the hunger in your
vagina. At some point, you will beg me to fuck you with it," said Cindy.

  "What happened to the Father?" asked Trudy beginning to lick and suck even
harder as she felt her cunt start to twitch in hunger.

  "He was caught one night when he became careless. But those who practice the
black arts claim Father Ramoldo's cock feels exactly the same as when Carisma
Rolini felt it the night Father Ramoldo rapped and strangled her in her own bed.
She was only thirteen and a virgin. In a way Carisma was lucky. Many of Father
Ramoldo's victims were murdered in a dungeon beneath the palace where the Father
lived. They took days and weeks to die," said Cindy rubbing the dildo across
Trudy's hard nipples.

  "He was an evil man," said Trudy.

  "Cruel and evil beyond measure, he exulted in other's pain. Cries of anguish
were his music. Father Ramoldo followed Carisma back to her father's palace
after he heard her confession at the Cathedrals of St. Marks.  Fortunately, for
Carisma she died absolved of all sins. The good father first garroted Carisma's
aged nurse. Neither the desperate tapping of her heels on the stone floor or the
stench of her bowels as she released her stool awakened little Carisma."

  "That night by chance one of the palace guards decided to step out onto the
balcony of a nearby bedroom. He happened to hear Carisma's death rattle as
Father Ramoldo dumped his seed in her at the moment she expired. The guard
called his fellows and they managed to subdue the priest before he could
escape," said Cindy as she parted Trudy's labia with the head of the dildo and
eased the tip into her opening.

  "It feels good. Hurry, go ahead and put it in. My pussy needs to be filled
with that cock," said Trudy thrusting her hips upward desperate to get the vile
object in her body.

  "Be patient, enjoy the hunger and desperation, I've felt it before. You'll
have this vile and malevolent object in your body soon enough," said Cindy
teasing Trudy's hole by inserting just the tip of the cock then withdrawing it.

  "The father was extremely well equipped. How did his victims die? How did they
know he killed all those people, " asked Trudy.

  "Mostly by strangulation at the moment he climaxed. Father Ramoldo kept a
detailed account of each crime. The account included the name and location of
each victim along with a lengthy and graphic description of the torture and
murder including a rhapsodic account of how much Father Ramoldo enjoyed himself.
The record was very complete and meticulously maintained," said Cindy.

  "Have you read it?" asked Trudy.

  "In an English translation, I'll give you a copy. I sometimes come here and
insert Father Ramoldo's cock in my pussy and play with my clit while I read of
his horrible deeds," said Cindy.

  "Tell me more but first put it inside me, don't be gentle, I sense it hungers
for my vaginal blood," groaned Trudy once again raising her body in a desperate
attempt to impale herself on the cock.

   "It has a preference for women in their period but it can make any woman's
cunt bleed. Father Ramoldo was what we today would call the Chief Accountant for
the Cardinal of Venice. I suppose my very smart Mother Trudy knows that the
Venetians invented double entry bookkeeping and other accounting practices still
used in our time," said Cindy pushing the dildo head slightly inside Trudy's
vagina.

  "Yes, I know but please, further, go further as deep as it will go. I remember
reading that the Venetians invented bookkeeping. The Venetians were very rich
and successful traders during the Renaissance. Cindy Lou, do as your Mother says
and fuck me," said Trudy digging her heels against the mattress in an attempt to
force Father Ramoldo's cock deeper inside her.

  "Patience, we'll get there and you will have Father Ramoldo inside you as far
as he will reach. They say that Father Ramoldo's victims would beg him to fuck
them before he killed them," said Cindy.

  "I can imagine how it felt to be one of Father Ramoldo's victims and the pain
when his horrible penis destroyed their virginity. My grandfather took mine when
I was ten. It hurt so much I cried for hours. I'm begging you to give me all of
it. I want it to hurt. I need it to hurt," said Trudy as her feeling of
desperation increased.

   "I knew you would enjoy this," said Cindy.

  "Further please, I need it. My hole is screaming to be filled with it," said
Trudy twisting from side to side.

  "Here, take a couple of inches and enjoy it," said Cindy as she shoved the
cock head inside Trudy's vagina.

   "You wicked girl, teasing your Mother like this. What an imaginative and
creative daughter I have. Where else would a mother be so lucky that her
daughter fucks her with that obscene object. What a bad, bad girl you are, Cindy
Lou," said Trudy.

  "I wanted this birthday to be special," said Cindy.

  "And what did the authorities do with Father Ramoldo," asked Trudy her mind
enflamed by the ecstasy, eroticism and outright horror of what was happening.
Trudy had a sense that something living was inside her vagina. She could feel
it's terrible energy.

  "He was tortured for four weeks in the Doge's dungeon. The Doge sent for a
torturer from Istanbul, a renowned eunuch whom the Ottoman Sultan recommended.
The eunuch was famed for keeping a victim alive through long periods of
excruciating pain. It turned out that Carisma was the Doge's god daughter," said
Cindy.

  "Oh that feels good," said Trudy writhing from side to side as the preserved
human cock slid further into her hole. 

   "When the good father was beyond further torture, the Doge had him taken to
St. Marks Square immediately after Sunday mass. The Doge was a man of science.
He postulated the theory that the source of Father Ramoldo's evil was seated in
his huge cock. The Doge believed that there must be some physical explanation
why a learned priest and a man of God could commit such vile and despicable
acts. Wanting an opportunity to study the Father's penis and gonads at his
leisure, the Doge arranged that in the first stage of the execution the most
skilled surgeon in Venice would remove Father Ramoldo's cock and balls and
preserve them in a glass jar of a preservative purchased in the bazaars of
Alexandria expressly for that purpose."

  "I wish I had been there in St. Marks Square to witness that," said Trudy.

  "Of course in those days, there was no anesthesia. It is recorded that Father
Ramoldo cursed the crowd and screamed throughout the amputation. The surgeon
began at the base of his balls making the proper incision so that they were kept
intact. Father Ramoldo had been restrained to keep him absolutely still. All he
could do was scream in such a voice that it rose to the heavens and caused the
pigeons to swirl about the cathedral's bell tower."

  "The surgeon was a learned man who had stolen many dead bodies to increase his
knowledge of anatomy. He removed the Father's reproductive organs completely. 
The good doctor then cauterized the wound with a red-hot iron keeping the Father
alive for the remainder of the festivities."

  'That allowed the Doge's executioner to take the rest of the afternoon to
break the prisoner on the wheel. Execution by being broken on the wheel was
preferred in the Venice of the early 1500's. It was incredibly painful. The
executioner started with the Father's arms breaking them in several places and
threading them through the spokes of a large wagon wheel. Next, he broke and
threaded the legs and feet. Father Ramoldo died shortly after sundown as the
wheel was rolled around St. Marks for the Venetians to view close at hand. The
executioner had managed to completely thread the priest's extremities through
several spokes of the wheel. Accounts of the time described it as one of the
best examples of execution by being broken on the wheel," said Cindy as she
began to slowly force the dildo further into Trudy's pussy.

  "My God he was huge and it moving inside me like it was alive. It has an
energy all its own. I feel my organs being drawn towards it. I can't imagine how
a virgin nun would have felt with this ripping into her," said Trudy sweat
breaking out over her body. Still, she wanted that monstrous cock deep inside
her; even though she found the story of Father Ramoldo both hideous and
fascinating.

  "War broke out shortly afterwards and the Doge died without ever discovering
whether Father Ramoldo's privates played a role in his crimes. Somehow the jar
stayed in tack for three centuries. An amateur archeologist discovered it in
1827 during an excavation of a palace in Rome. More recently it was stolen from
the archives of the Vatican."

  "Two years ago, a collector of erotic objects purchased it from a dealer in
Paris. He was able to modify its molecular structure to insure its preservation
outside of its preservative jar. Skilled craftsmen were able to convert it into
what you have inside you now," said Cindy as she slipped the dildo all the way
up inside Trudy's cunt.

  "Oh this is what I needed. Now fuck me as hard and fast as you can. It needs
blood. Rip into my cunt just like I was one of Father Ramoldo's nuns," screamed
Trudy as she raised and lowered herself desperate to be penetrated to the
fullest.

  Cindy placed her hands around Trudy's neck and began to apply pressure. Cindy
applied just enough force to shut off Trudy's air supply. Cindy fucked Trudy
wildly as she bucked and writhed desperate for pleasure, deprived of oxygen.

  Finally, Trudy's body rose up off the bed, went into a paroxysm of a climax
then slipped into unconsciousness. Cindy slowly withdrew the cock noting that
its surface was covered in a thick coating of vaginal blood. Cindy watched as
the blood slowly soaked into the skin of the dildo and disappeared.

  When Trudy awoke, she was in the back of a limousine her head resting against
Cindy's shoulder. Trudy relaxed and fell back asleep. Later Trudy was conscious
of being carried and recognized her own condominium.

  "Thanks Kerry for helping me get Mother inside," Trudy heard Cindy speak as
she was placed on her own bed.

  When Trudy awoke sometime later, she was trussed up on her own bed. Cindy was
licking her well-fucked parts.

  "I'm not sure I can fuck any more," said the relaxed Trudy.

  "One more time, here sniff this," said Cindy breaking a popper under Trudy's
nose. "All you have to do is lay there and let your daughter Cindy do all the
work. I want one final daughter to mother fuck, just the two of us," said Cindy. 

  "All right my darling," said Trudy.

  "I going to work this into your asshole," said Cindy holding up the clear blue
anal toy.

  "Looks delicious," said Trudy.

  "But for your pussy, I'm going to use this," said Cindy holding up her latex
glove covered hand and making a fist.

  "I've never been fisted before," said Trudy.

  "I said this was going to be a very special birthday," said Cindy. "Every
daughter should know how to put their fist in their Mother's pussy. Just relax,
close your eyes and let your Cindy Lou take you over the top."

   Trudy's cunt felt full and stretched tight around Cindy's hand. Trudy had
never been fisted before and she moaned as Cindy slowly worked more and more of
her hand inside Trudy's vagina. Trudy used poppers to make herself more awake
and alert.

  "Put it all the way up my cunt, right to the womb you came from when you were
born," yelled Trudy when she sensed that Cindy's hand was at last inside her
vagina.

  Cindy sensed the start of Trudy's climax when the muscles in Trudy's cunt
started to rhythmically contract. Cindy pushed her hand inside past the wrist to
her forearm, made a fist and rotated it in a semi-circle.  Cindy removed the
anal probe and substituted an even larger one.

    Trudy's ass felt the larger intrusion and began to rhythmically open and
close around a twelve-inch anal probe in the shape of a man's cock. Trudy's hole
acted like a hungry mouth ready to gobble up the cock. Cindy gave another shove
and the cock reached its maximum depth.

  "Oh Jesus fucking yes, fuck your Mother, make our whore Mother cum," yelled
Trudy her legs failing in the air.

  Trudy started screaming then let loose a stream of piss. Trudy was one of
those women that occasionally lost control of her bladder when her orgasm was
off the charts. That had been a source of embarrassment for Trudy but Cindy had
made her feel that letting loose a stream of body temperature pee was both
special and erotic.

  "Piss all over me, Mother, piss in your baby girl's mouth" said Cindy angling
her open mouth toward Trudy's pee hole.

  Cindy had never experienced Trudy's piss climaxes before. She opened her mouth
and caught the stream of warm urine landing on her tongue. She swallowed as much
as she could but when Trudy started twisting her body from side to side, the
urine sprayed everywhere. The cock shot out of Trudy's rectum as she made one
final climax that caused every muscle in her body to convulse.

  "Give me a piss kiss, darling," said Trudy when her climax was over. Cindy got
on top, took Trudy's face in her hands and slowly dripped a mouthful of piss
into Trudy's eager opening. Cindy swirled her tongue in Trudy's mouth mixing the
pee with Trudy's saliva. Trudy swallowed the mixture with a large gulp. Then
Trudy tenderly licked drops of piss off Cindy's face.

  Cindy rolled off, removed the latex gloves, found a dry spot, and curled up in
Trudy's arms.

  "Don't move for a minute. Let me hold my darling sweet little girl. That was
the best fuck I've ever had. Kiss your Mother again," said Trudy wanting to keep
the mother and daughter role-playing going as long as she could.

  Trudy had an all-consuming fantasy about having sex with her own daughter.
Trudy was childless but that in no way lessened her desire to live that fantasy.
Trudy was really turned on if a young girl fucking her pretended to be her
daughter. Her enjoyment of this incest fantasy was something she kept well
hidden from most of her female lovers. But over the past weeks, she had come to
trust Cindy. But still it was only after several martinis that Trudy had asked
Cindy to pretend to be her daughter when they had sex.

  As for Cindy, she had been having sex with her actual mother and grandmother
since she was twelve.  On her twelfth birthday, they had sat her down and told
her what they expected. A half hour later, Cindy found herself licking
Grandmother Kylie's pussy while her own mother slowly ate her to a climax. Cindy
readily agreed to participate in Trudy's fantasy. Since that night, Cindy had
enthusiastically played the role of the horny daughter who loved to fuck her own
mother.

  "I love you Momma," said Cindy snuggling closer and turning to kiss Trudy
again. The two women cured up and went sound asleep.

  It was the next afternoon after they had showered together, changed the bed
linen and cooked a large Southern style breakfast that the conversation turned
to the recent events.

  "You know I only got fucked once yesterday. Ron gave me his usual
twenty-second mega-pounding across his desk but that was before everything went
crazy. Shortly after that, everyone was too upset for their usual piece of the
office slut. I gather Mike got some unwelcome news," said Cindy deciding to
probe Trudy about what was occurring at the office.

  "Nothing can get a Congressman more excited than the possibility of losing
their seat. I can't believe that Mike fired Ron. Ron has been with him all of
the twenty two years he's been in the House and even before that in the
Massachusetts State House."

  "The Congressman was beyond pissed. I thought he was going to have a stroke
the way he was screaming at everyone. He threatened to replace everybody
including the interns."

  "Don't worry your pretty little head, darling. Congressman Harrington isn't
going to fire his office slut," said Trudy kissing Cindy again.

  "I'm not worried about that. It's just an intern position and for only six
months then I go back to school. I was more concerned about you. I wouldn't want
my mother to lose her job if Harrington lost the election," said Cindy putting
her arm around Trudy and hugging her.

  "Don't worry. Harrington won't lose. Can you keep a mother and daughter
confidence?" said Trudy.

  "I promise, Mother, I won't say a word," said Cindy.

  "The Election Commission, the folks who count the votes, they all owe Mike
Harrington something. Maybe it's their jobs or their relative's jobs or Mike
took care of a DUI case or got a drug bust pleaded to a misdemeanor; but those
people are obligated to Mike and they will make Mike a winner regardless of how
many votes he gets. They'll change a precinct count here and there to turn a
ten-point loss into a one-point victory. Mike has already alerted the commission
members that he was calling in their chits, " said Trudy.

  "Sounds very undemocratic," said Cindy.

  "It's the way things work in politics," said Trudy.

  "So why was Mike Harrington so upset if he can't lose," asked Cindy.

   "He doesn't want to return to the district and campaign. He doesn't want to
put in the effort. Plus I gather Ron has been telling him that this Candace
Williams is a joke and nothing to worry about. Then Mike reads a Boston Globe
poll that shows he's running ten points behind Williams. He expected to be
thirty points ahead. I have no idea why Ron thought Williams was so
ineffective," said Trudy.

  "I was in his office when the chairperson of League of Women Voters called and
told him about the debate. He had just pulled his cock out for a blowjob when
they put her through. He waved me off when she told him he was invited to debate
Candace Williams at Salem High School a week from today. He was nice to the lady
on the phone and promised to attend. But after the call ended, he went into a
tirade and started breaking things. He even smashed that picture of him shaking
hands with President Kennedy. I got out of there as quick as I could."

  "There are times when I think Mike's losing it. He's been in Washington too
long and treats the district like he owns it. One thing I can say is that this
Candace Williams, whoever she is has made him sit up and take notice. I guess we
all got complacent and expected Mike to keep his seat until he died or retired.
So my baby girl didn't get to suck the Congressman's dick. Is that why you were
do horny last night?"

  "Like I said, outside of Ron, I didn't get touched. Jeff didn't do me at lunch
and the rest of the staff was too stressed out to think about taking care of the
office slut. Without my Mother Trudy, I would be one needy, horny baby girl." 
Cindy twisted around to kiss Trudy's lips.

  "You know I used to take care of the Congressman's weenie years ago when I was
in my twenties and he was in his first term."

  "What was he like then?" asked Cindy.

  "Slender, good looking, no big red boozer's nose, he was a good fuck and he
could keep more than one woman busy. There was another girl in the office, April
Sanders; he used to alternate between us. I fucked him in the morning and April
in the afternoon. He'd call me in each day at 10:30. He insisted I wear hose
with a garter belt and no panties. I'd report promptly at 10:30 to be bent over
his desk face down and fucked dog style. After that, I'd go to the Ladies Room
and jerk off while his semen dripped into the commode."

  "Then one afternoon, he called me into his office. April was lying on the
couch stark naked playing with herself. He said he wanted to watch April and I
chew each other's rug then he would join in. I told him "No" and he said, "Then
you're fired". Well I didn't have any other options so I reconsidered. Once I
got my mouth on April's pussy and her mouth on mine, I realized what I had been
missing. I'd loved eating pussy ever since."

  "So you haven't fucked a man in a long time?"

  "It hasn't been as long as you think. Last year, at an office Christmas party,
I had too many California slammers with this girl I'd been dating. She worked
for Congressman Condit. Anyway, she was bi and she talked me into doing a three
way with this fellow she worked with. He was well hung too."

  "Did you enjoy it?"

  "Yes, What I remember of it. It felt good to have a man between your legs
slamming home his meat, feeling that hard cock sliding from the opening of your
hole to where it bottoms out and his balls slap against your clit. I climaxed so
I must have liked it. Of course, I ate my friends pussy and she ate mine while
he fucked us so that made it seem normal."

  "I'm bi-sexual. I haven't decided whether I like cock or pussy better but I'm
getting enough of both here in Washington to keep me happy," said Cindy.

  "How many of our staff are you screwing every day?"

  "Usually eight, including Jake the new intern who has a really big piece of
meat. If you're interested, I could arrange a three way with him. He loves to
eat pussy and he keeps telling me his sister is a lesbian and she's going to
visit next month. You could join us for an orgy," said Cindy.

  "Sounds like fun, I'll have to have a few drinks first if Jake's going to fuck
me," said Trudy.

  "I think it would be hot to be eating you while a big cock is fucking your
twat," said Cindy.

  "That does sound delicious. Jeff told me he played a little joke on you last
week," said Trudy.

  "Yes, the bastard did. Last Tuesday they traded me for the day for an intern
from Congressman Tom DeLay's office. Of course, I didn't know that at the time.
Jeff made me think it was business. He gave me a package marked priority and
personal to deliver to the Majority Leader. I was told to put the package into
the hands of the Congressman and none other; then wait for a reply," said Cindy.

  "They've played this joke before on other interns," said Trudy. "They usually
come back walking a little bow-legged."

  "I didn't think I was the first. When I got to Congressman DeLay's office, I
stood there and waited while he opened it up. I could tell from where I was
standing it was a single typed sheet and a number of 8.5 by 11 photographs. Then
the Majority Leader read me the note," said Cindy.

  "I can imagine but tell me," said Trudy.

  "This is to introduce Cynthia Powers, the official office slut of Congressman
Harrington's staff. She is a complete pig whore and has no known limits. She had
absolutely no morals and will do anything you ask. The accompanying pictures
illustrate her willingness to fuck anybody, anytime," said Cindy.

  "So Jeff has been busy with his hidden camera," said Trudy.

  "There were dozens of pictures of me having sex with every male member of the
staff. Of course, the men's faces were blacked out but mine was clearly visible.
It was mainly me kneeling on the floor with a cock in my mouth. There were some
jism shots of me with cum all over my face, tits, and hair, the usual stuff.
However, there were several where I was being tripled penetrated by three other
men. I had this goofy look on my face like I was really loving it," said Cindy.

    "You probably were. So what did our Majority Leader say," asked Trudy.

    "I'll try to recall the conversation verbatim," said Cindy.

  "You're quite a talented young lady, pretty too and young but of course, Mike
Harrington has an eye for the young ones," said Rep. DeLay.

  "Thank you. I try to make sure the stress levels within the office are kept to
a minimum. I know staff morale is important in the world's greatest deliberative
body," replied I.

  "It sure is. I bet those rascals who worked for me sent Julie over to Mike
Harrington's office, that little slut's probably on her back begging them to
take her in all three holes. Julie's like you, a natural whore," said Rep.
Delay.

  "Julie," I asked.

  "Your counterpart here in the Majority Leader's office, little Julie will suck
the chrome off a the bumper of a Cadillac. I gather you like to suck dick," said
Rep. Delay looking through the pictures.

  "I like it all, Congressman. I cover the waterfront," I said.

  "Does that mean you're a rug muncher, a practitioner of the Sapphic arts,"
asked Rep. Delay.

  "Female staffers are just as subject to the stress and strain of working on
the WGDB, as the men," I said.

  "WGDB, what's that?" asked Rep. Delay.

  "World's Greatest Deliberative Body," I said.

  "Oh child, don't you know performing oral sex with other women is depraved
behavior. Unless you accept Jesus Christ as your Saviour and forswear lesbianism
you could lose your immortal soul and burn in Hell Fire for eternity," said Rep.
DeLay.

  "I noticed that Rep. Delay's hand had disappeared below his desk and I heard
him open his zipper. I didn't know what to say so I just said, "That would be a
terrible thing."

  "It is said that my seed has the power to redeem women from the sin of
lesbianism. It is a rare gift gained by countless hours of studying my bible.
Come over here child," said Rep. Tom as he opened a bible he kept on his desk.

  "Obviously based on last night, you weren't cured of your desire to eat
pussy," said Trudy.

  "Not hardly, it was a quick batch and a small one, perhaps it takes several
applications to be effective," said Cindy.

  "I bet that lecherous bastard arranges to see you again," said Trudy. "What
happened next?"

  "The Majority Leader rolled back his desk chair to reveal a rather small penis
with an even smaller head," said Cindy.

  "That's why his female staffers refer to the Majority Leader as 'Needle Dick
Tom," said Trudy.

  "I was feeling a little put off that our staff had swapped me to this fate so
I got a little feisty and asked the Majority Leader a question," said Cindy.

  "May I be so bold as to enquire what other women have been saved from the sins
of Sappho by your seed, Majority Leader?" I asked.

  "Of course, child, my wife for one, among many others. Christine had lost her
soul to such depravity when she was enrolled at the University of Houston.
Colleges today are such Godless places, even in Texas. I shudder at the thought
of what must happen at northern schools like Harvard. Anyway, Christine was
given over to drink and sins against the sacred nature of womanhood. She was
living with other lesbianism's off campus when we met at a revival. She had only
come to the revival to ridicule those who followed the Lord. But the Holy Spirit
saw what kind of person was really inside Christine and the Holy Spirit used me
to knock the devil right out of her.  It was after she had swallowed my healing
seed and accepted Jesus Christ as her personal savior that she gave up her evil
lesbian ways and became a God fearing Christian wife," said Rep. DeLay.

  "Christine DeLay could use a membership in Vixens," laughed Trudy.

  "Yes, she could," replied Cindy recalling how she had already passed that
snippet of information to Rhonda.

  "After that we got down to business," said Cindy. "His voice took on the tone
of a gospel preacher as he instructed me."

  "Cindy, wayward child of God, come over here to his side of my desk, kneel
down and let me read to you from my bible," said Rep. DeLay.

  "Oh, please do Majority Leader, I am in need of the redeeming balm that lies
within your manhood," I said.

  "You didn't say that, did you?" said Trudy laughing hysterically.

  "I certainly did," said Cindy.

  "And Needle Dick bought it," asked Trudy.

  "Seemed to, he got this blissful look on his face as he began to read from the
Psalms of David. Of course, by that time, I was licking the head of his cock and
working to get him off. He started with the Twenty Third Psalm and by the time
he finished a half-minute later, I was swallowing Tom's pixie juice and waiting
for an epiphany that didn't come by the way," said Cindy.

  "Unlike Saul, the Holy Spirit didn't knock you off your ass and ram the fear
of God in that hungry little hole of yours," said Trudy.

  "Nope, but after he finished blowing his wad in ninety seconds and while I was
licking him clean, he put his hands on my head and said a prayer asking God to
forgive me for the sin of lesbianism and put my feet on the path of
righteousness. I thanked the Majority Leader for his efforts toward my salvation
and left his office," said Cindy.

  "What next? You said you were swapped for the day," said Trudy.

  "Yes, there was no rest for the intern. As soon as I exited the Majority
Leader's office, his Chief of Staff took me into their conference room where
there were eight tall Texans waiting with hardons.  The Chief of Staff threw
Jeff's pictures of me on the table and the guys snatched them up like they had
never seen a girl suck cock. The Chief of Staff introduced me.

  "May I introduce Cindy Powers from Congressman Harrington's office. Now that
means Cindy's a Democrat but I always say head is head and pussy is pussy. Cindy
comes to us highly recommended. Cindy, what do you say you get up on the table
and give us a little show," said the Chief of Staff.

  "One of them politely held out his hand and I stepped onto the chair and up on
the table. All of a sudden, someone hit the Play button on a boom box and I
found myself stripping to a song titled 'The Eyes of Texas Are Upon You.'  That
was fun. I must say, those Texans were not only tall but they were long, hard,
and quick to recover. I think our Majority Leader must not be a real Texan based
on the size of his dick. Anyway, by the time the song ended, I was naked,
pinching my nipples and fingering myself," said Cindy.

  "Who went first?" asked Trudy.

  "Roy Atkins, the Chief of Staff, blow job to start and then a fuck, no
condoms, it was bareback all the way, they cheer each other on, a Texas gangbang
is a team sport I was told," said Cindy.

  "You serviced all nine?" asked Trudy.

   "Yes, several times, the first time it was one on one. Then it got kinky when
I agreed to anal. I had three holes working after that. I was a busy cum covered
girl," said Cindy.

 "You either love cock, have incredible stamina or both," said Trudy.

  "I have to admit there is something about a gangbang that brings out the
nymphomaniac in me. I love lying there, legs spread apart, some stud fucking my
hole hard as he can go, showing off what a great cocksman he is to his buddies,
another feeding me his meat, and surrounded by guys jerking their dicks so
they'll be hard when it's their turn. As soon as one dumps his jism, another
climbs on, slides it in forcing the previous guy's spunk to ooze out and drip
down onto the crack of my ass. It is great and very satisfying," said Cindy.

  "I'm not sure that's a universal attitude shared among womanhood. How long did
it last?" said Trudy.

   "It was after three when they announced they were done and it was time for
Jamal to get a piece," said Cindy.

  "Who was Jamal?" asked Trudy.

  "A very nice black man who is short, skinny, and has a cock to die for. Shit,
it hung to his knees. The staff referred to him as the 'Token', I'd think
'Tripod' would be more accurate," said Cindy.

  "Token black employee, Russell is ours. Every congressional staff has added at
least one Afro-American male and female in the last few years," said Trudy.

  "Well, the Token is probably the best person for a horny white girl to go to
if she's looking for a good fuck. Russell's got the best equipment in our office
and he's the only one of our studs that can cock whip a girl until she's ready
to yell, 'no mas'," said Cindy. "Although, I have to admit that Jake, the new
guy isn't bad either."

  "My little girl is such a precious slut, you amaze me," said Trudy.

  "When the white guys were fucked out, they called Jamal and he came in.  Jamal
had the biggest cock I've ever seen. He said it was thirteen inches long and
five inches around," said Cindy.

  "Ouch," said Trudy.

  " I didn't verify the measurements but it was the biggest I've ever had in my
hole. When he forced it in my pussy, a quart of cum oozed out. They kept calling
him 'sprout', yelling 'go sprout'. It felt great when I got it all the way
inside my pussy. I fucked him mano a mano. We were both covered in sweat.
Everybody watched as he mounted me and took me missionary style. Then we
switched to dog and later I got on top and rode his pony. It was one of those
take no prisoners fucks where he was slamming it home like he was trying to
split me in two. I was thrusting and pumping him like crazy. I liked the idea
that there were eight white guys watching me get screwed by a black man.  I
really got off on it and kept cumming every time he drove it in to his balls."

  "They left you go after that," said Trudy.

   "No, The white Texans got all worked up watching the black Texan fuck me.
Maybe they were fantasizing he was going their wives. So after Jamal finished, I
had to go another round with everybody," said Cindy.

  "What was the finale?" asked Trudy.

  "At the end, picture Cindy Lou on a conference room table, naked and covered
with jism from head to toe. I look like the star in a bukkake film. I was in a
tabletop position straddling one guy while two others are fore and aft. Five
other young men with big hard cocks surround me jerking off. One of them held my
asshole open with his fingers while another squirted Astro-Glide up my pooper.
Then they all took a turn ass fucking me. Two of the guys managed to get their
cock in my ass at the same time.  I felt like a pig on a spit. The guy on the
bottom is sucking my tits like crazy while another guy is face fucking the third
and fourth guys are way up in rectum stirring my shit. It was great,"

  "I wish I was there watching. So that was it," said Trudy.

  "Not quite, when I went into the Ladies Room to wash some of the jism off, I
was confronted by two of the Majority Leader's female staff.  They were tall
women with big blonde hair styles that looked like they were recruited from the
Dallas Cheerleaders," said Cindy.

  "Were they pissed, you'd been fucking their men?" asked Trudy.

  "No, they were pissed they hadn't been allowed to join the gangbang. We went
into the handicapped stall and did some muff diving. I ate them and they ate me.
One of them got real excited when I told her she was licking Jamal's semen out
of my pussy. Apparently, the Majority Leader's staff is not as averse to eating
pussy as you might think. After that I was exhausted and went home and slept
twelve hours," said Cindy.

  "I'm so proud of my little girl. You are so well suited to be the office slut. 
I've never met a girl so fond of sex. I heard you're traveling with the
Congressman next week. I'll miss you," said Trudy.

  "I'll miss you too. Mike wants me to go with him when he flies back to Boston
to debate Candace Williams," said Cindy.

  "Good, that'll give you a chance to see your family."

  "Yes and in fact, Mike wants to meet my mother and my little sister," said
Cindy.

  "I thought I was your mother," said Trudy.

  "You are my Mother," said Cindy kissing Trudy's lips.




Chapter 17 - Disrupting the Rally



Please take note! Adults Only Literature

The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written for
adults only.

If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing this
file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
now.

This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
is purely coincidental, etc.

Copyright 2003

                                                                ****

  Mike's going to get us in deep shit thought Horace Trimble as he walked into
Zeke's Tavern on Main Street in downtown Wakefield. I can't believe he called me
while that little whore was sucking his dick.

  Horace was feeling uneasy about his assignment from Congressman Harrington.
Mike had called from DC just as Horace was getting ready to close the office.

  "Get some of the guys together and send them over to the William's Rally on
Wakefield Common tonight. Tell them to heckle her and create a ruckus. I'm
betting the cunt can't handle a little pressure," said Mike as he relaxed on his
couch while Cindy Powers gave him a blowjob.

  "Congressman, I don't think that's a good idea," said Horace.

  "You're not paid to think. I want tomorrow's Globe to contain a story about
the disturbance at the William's rally. That'll make the voter's think twice
about voting for a woman who can't handle tough situations like a man would."

  "They say her security's pretty good."

  "Well, get Sam Waterman and his crew, spread some money around. Those guys
should be able to handle a few rent-a-cops. Here take it all, you sweet little
cocksucker, that's right work on the head with your tongue then swallow it, you
know how I like it," said Mike as he placed his hand on the back of Cindy's head
to force his cock into her throat.

  "What?' asked Horace.

  "Just giving the intern you sent me her cocksucking orders. Come to think of
it, recruiting whores like little Cindy here is about the only thing you're good
for Horace. There are going to be more changes around here once this elections
over," said Mike.

  "Mike, I don't like this idea of disrupting the rally. If the media found out
we're behind it, there would be hell to pay," said Horace.

  "Look Horace, you want to join Ron and Jeff in the unemployment line or do
what the fuck I say? Decide right now one way or another, follow my orders or
you and Eleanor can go out and find a real job. Oh, that's good Cindy, I'm going
to shoot, of course you want it, sluts like you aren't really satisfied until
you got a mouthful of spunk," said Mike.

  Since Horace liked his no work job, he decided to go along with Mike whether
he thought it was a good idea or not. When Horace walked into Zeke's, he saw
Sam, Jake, and the other four members of Sam's steel erection crew shooting pool
at the back of Zeke's.

  "Zeke, get the boys a round on my tab.  Tell Sam I'd like a word with him in
private, " said Horace.

  Sam was the supervisor of the crew, all members of Iron Workers Local 1075.
Sam Waterman had a reputation as a hard case. He'd even served some time for
assault.

  Horace waited at the bar until Sam finished his pool game, put up his cue and
walked back to the bar and sat on the stool beside Horace.

  "Zeke said you wanted to talk," said Sam.

   "Candace Williams is running against Mike Harrington," said Horace.

  "I may be a construction worker but I can read."

  "Williams is holding a rally on the Common."

  "So, I ain't much on politics, other than the fact that I'd love to slip it to
Candace Williams. She's the best-looking piece of ass I've ever seen run for
political office," said Sam.

  "Mike Harrington would consider it a personal favor if you and your crew
wandered over to the rally and created a little disturbance."

  "How large a personal favor?" asked Sam?

  "I'd say $200 for you and $100 for each of your crew."

  "Fuck, Horace, you ever hear of inflation. I need $500 for me and $250 for the
crew, plus you pay any legal fees or fines that just might come up."

  "All right, come by my office tomorrow morning after 10:00. I'll have your
money ready," said Horace.

  "How disturbing you want us to be?" asked Sam.

  "Heckle her, maybe a scuffle with her security, nothing too serious, jostle
some of her loyal female supporters, maybe grab a tit or feel someone's ass,
just enough for the public to think a man could have handled things better."

  "All right, you have the money ready," said Sam.

  Horace left Zeke's feeling better. Mike was probably right. Women were good as
talkers but worthless when things got physical. A nice front-page picture of
Candace Williams in tears would give the voters something to consider. Even
better would be something on the late TV news showing Williams about to cry over
the disturbance. He'd work on arranging that.

  Sam, Jake, and four others left Zeke's at 8:20 figuring to arrive at the rally
thirty minutes after it started. They didn't notice Hoover McNally sitting
across the street in his car. 

  "They're six of them. The leader is named 'Sam'. He's the one wearing a Iron
Workers Local 104 jersey," said Hoover when the phone answered.

  Rhonda Powers began to edge away from the rally. Candace was at the podium
speaking about the need for a prescription drug plan for the elderly. The other
Amazons assigned to Candace's Security noted Rhonda's movement and began to
slowly move toward Rhonda and away from the crowd.

  Sam and the crew quickly walked the three short blocks between Zeke's and
Wakefield Common. Before they left, Sam had explained to them what they were
going to do. They had downed a couple more beers to get their attitude right. As
they reached the parking lot, they saw the crowd gather around the bandstand in
the center of Common. The parking lot looked full of cars but empty of people.
The guys walked faster, excited about the possibility of a little action,
something they could all boast about later, when they were back at Zeke's.

  As they marched beside a bus covered with 'Williams for Congress' signs, they
found themselves confronted by a half dozen women all dressed in medium blue
pants suits and wearing badges reading 'Security'.

  "That's far enough, Sam," said Rhonda

  "Well, what the fuck do we have here?" said Sam surprised that the tall woman
knew his name.

  "Go on back to Zeke's. Candace wants to buy you a round."

  "Well, you can tell Candace she can suck my dick."  Sam's crew thought that
was funny although they were surprised they had been confronted before they
reached the rally.

  Sam looked over at Jake when he touched his sleeve. Jake pointed behind them
toward another half dozen similarly dressed women that had appeared at their
rear. The women pressed in and surrounded Sam and the crew.

  "Candace is busy right now," said Rhonda. "Why don't you quit now while you're
ahead?"

  "There's a lot of them," said Jake noting that several tough looking male
biker types had appeared. 

  "Don't be a pussy. Its just fucking women," said Sam stepping toward Rhonda
figuring to brush by her and get to the rally.

  Rhonda pressed the 600,000 Volt Muscle Man stun gun against Sam's shoulder and
pulled the trigger. Sam fell to the ground completely paralyzed. In few seconds,
Jake and the rest of the crew were on the ground twitching.

  "Damn, these things really work," said Debbie looking at her Muscle Man stun
gun with respect. She had just dropped a two hundred pound construction worker
on to the pavement where he lay helpless.

  Rhonda and her team moved quickly to bind each of the men's arms behind them
with nylon cable ties. Their mouth and eyes were taped over. They opened the
under side luggage compartments of the Williams for Congress bus and loaded the
six men inside. In less than five minutes after Sam's crew walked into the
parking lot, the bus drove away with the men still trying to recover some
feeling in their bodies. The bus's luggage compartment wasn't built for comfort
and the men felt every bump in the road transmitted through the metal floor.

  It was only a twenty-minute drive down Route 128 to the abandoned factory in
Waltham. A high bay door opened as the bus approached. The door closed when the
bus was inside.

  Several well-muscled Pagans were waiting to help unload the men and take them
to a nearby area where there was an overhead steam pipe. Each man was told there
was a fully charged stun gun being held against his privates and the trigger
would be pulled if there were any lack of cooperation.

  When the tape was removed from Sam's eyes and mouth, he saw that he was
handcuffed to an overhead pipe. His feet barely reached the floor. The metal
cuffs were cutting into his wrists. He could twist around enough to see that the
other five of his crew was in the same condition. They were all in line with
their arms stretched overhead secured to the same pipe.

  "Hey man, we were just having a little fun, what's this all about?" asked Sam
trying to sound like there had been some big mistake.

  "Debbie, drop their pants," said Rhonda.

  "With pleasure," said Debbie as she and several of the Amazons unbuckled belts
and slid jeans and briefs down to shoe tops.

  "Don't do that, we didn't mean anything," said Jake as Debbie unbuckled his
belt then unsnapped his jeans and pulled them and his briefs down to his ankles.

  "Why are you doing that?" asked Jake feeling extremely uncomfortable that his
privates were exposed and there were a dozen women looking at him.

  "Look at the cock on this one, Kind of makes me wish I still liked guys," said
one of the Amazons hefting the large cock of Billy, the youngest of Sam's crew.

  "What does this little bitty soldier make you wish for? I've seen bigger
clits," said Kathy another Amazon who had grabbed Charlie's very small penis
that was hidden beneath his swollen beer belly.

  "Ouch," yelled Charlie wishing that he were back at Zeke's playing nine ball
not here with a bunch of women making fun of his dick.

  "Bring me their wallets. I need to record their name and addresses. And go
ahead, cut their shirts off," said Rhonda as she sat down at a small table and
opened a laptop computer. The Amazons extracted billfolds out of the back
pockets of jeans and gave them to Rhonda. Two of the Amazon's took scissors and
cut the T-shirts of the men.

  "Should I cut this off too" said Kathy holding Jake's cock in her hand and
positioning his nuts between the open scissors blades.

  "Oh Jesus God, don't do that," was all Jake could muster. He felt his heart
beating like a trip-hammer.

  "Not yet, quit kidding around Kathy," said Rhonda.

   Rhonda opened each wallet and entered the driver's license information into a
laptop computer. She took out any pictures and scanned them with a hand held
scanner.

  "Paul, which one of you is Paul?' asked Rhonda looking at a wallet sized
photo.

  "I'm Paul," said the curly headed man who was a recent addition to the crew.

  "Nice looking girl you got here. Is she into girls?" asked Rhonda holding up a
picture of a redhead in a bikini.

  "Yea, she did some things with girls when she was in school," said Paul.

  "Kathy, write their first names on their chest so we know whom we are talking
to," said Rhonda taking another look at the picture before she slipped it back
into Paul's wallet.

   "Here Debbie, put all these back," said Rhonda pushing the wallets toward the
opposite side of the table.

  Debbie passed among the men returning their wallets.

  Kathy took a felt wide-tip marker and wrote each man's first name across his
stomach in large letters. Sam felt awfully stupid when the Amazon grabbed his
cock to steady him and wrote the three letters of 'Sam' across his belly.

  After that, one of the Amazons brought out a digital camera on a tripod and
took several images of each man.

  God thought Sam. They've got a picture of me with my pants around my ankles,
my name on my belly and my dick hanging out. If this ever gets out, I'll never
live it down.

  "Okay, you've had your little fun. We didn't do anything. Just let us go." 
Sam was feeling very uncomfortable and more than a little humiliated. He had
told his crew that this would be a piece-of-cake and easy money. Now they were
all hanging from a pipe with their dicks out and scared shitless. Sam knew that
he would be taking the blame for this from the guys.

  "Be quiet Sam and listen. You and this bunch of morons meant to create a
little media event at tonight's rally. Horace Trimble alerted a friendly
reporter at the Boston Globe that something was going down. He was waiting there
to take pictures of you assholes creating a ruckus. Now, all he's going to see
is a well-run political rally with Candace surrounded by enthusiastic voters.
Are you with me so far, Sam?"

  "Yea, I'm with you. Like you said, this is Horace's doing. We were just paid
to do a job. You can let us go now. We won't cause any trouble."

  "Yea, we didn't mean any harm," chimed in Jake.

  "God lady, quit playing with my dick," yelled Billy to an Amazon who had
stroked his cock to hardness.

  "Having fun, Doris?" asked Rhonda of the Amazon who was stroking Billy's cock.

  "I just wanted to see how long it got when it's hard," said the Amazon as she
continued to handle Billy's growing cock.

  "Where was I? Sam, we know all about Horace Trimble and we will deal with him
later. Fortunately for you, Candace is a wonderful person and very forgiving. If
it were up to me, I cut your balls off and make you eat them. However, Candace
does take any attempt at dirty politics as decidedly un-American and a threat to
our democratic form of government. Therefore she did instruct me that we could
beat the living shit out of you as long as we didn't do anything to damage you
permanently."

  "Hey, we'll not make any more trouble. There's no need to do anything like
that," said Jake desperate to find some way not to have his living shit stomped.

  "Here, Amazons, take one of these," said Rhonda handing out three-foot lengths
of thick rubber hose.

  "What the fuck you going to do?" screamed Jake.

  "Beat you with a rubber hose, it won't leave any marks but it'll hurt like
hell, feel free to scream," answered Rhonda.

  Two women took up positions at each man. One woman was in front while the
other was in back.

  "All right, from nips to knee pits, nothing on the face, and stay away from
the kidneys, we don't want anyone to die," announced Rhonda.

  "Cock and balls okay?" asked Debbie.

  "Yes, but spread the action around, don't concentrate on any one area," said
Rhonda.

  "I want to be the one who whips his cock," said Debbie who was behind Sam.

  "I got here first. His cock's got a mushroom head just like my brothers, the
one who rapped me and got me pregnant when I was thirteen," replied Darlene, the
girl paired with Debbie.

  "Amazons, be nice and share. You girls swap after a few minutes," said Rhonda.

  "Come on, let us go, this isn't necessary," said Sam.

  "Quite whining and take your beating. We're a little beyond letting you go.
You should have turned around in the parking lot when I asked you," said Rhonda.

  "Okay, ladies, let's do it," yelled Rhonda.

  The Amazon's began to swing away at the exposed bodies of Sam and his crew. It
wasn't long before the two girls working on Earl, the fattest member of the crew
jumped back as Earl pissed himself. They waited for him to stop then resumed the
beating. Several of the crew tried to tough it out and keep their mouths shut.
However that didn't last but a few minutes.

  Within five minutes, all six were screaming each time a hose landed on their
privates or buttocks. When they weren't screaming they were begging the Amazons
to stop. Rhonda allowed the beating to go on for fifteen minutes. Three of the
men had passed out by that time. The Amazons revived them by dousing a bucket of
ice-cold water on their naked torso.

  Sam had tried to tough it out but the first time that hose landed across his
butt, he let out a scream. Seconds later, when the next blow slapped across his
abdomen, he screamed much louder. The Amazon at his front methodically worked
from his nipples to right above his knees. His rear punisher started at his knee
pits and slowly worked upward until she finished on his scapula. At that point,
the girls swapped and it started all over again.

  Sometime during the beating, Sam started to beg and plead. His eyes filled
with tears. He didn't feel anymore like a hard-driving boss who supervised the
toughest steel erection crew in the local Iron Workers Union. He felt like a
little boy who was begging his momma not to whip him anymore.

  "What's the matter? I thought construction workers were tough. Tell me how
this feels," said Debbie as she landed the hose right below Sam's buttocks. Sam
opened his mouth and screamed until he ran out of air.

  "You're not so tough now. Are you?" asked Debbie.

  "This will make him scream louder," said Darlene the Amazon working on the
front of Sam. She took a baseball style swing that landed across Sam's cock and
balls. He let out a howl of pain and twisted violently. Darlene went to work on
Sam's nipples and before long they had started to turn red and swell.

  When the beating ended, Sam had broken down. He was sobbing and he had pissed
himself. The rest of the crew wasn't in any better shape. Some of the blows had
landed on Sam's lower back and kidneys. He knew his back would be sore for a
week. Darlene had concentrated her blows on his cock and balls. Sam was
terrified that his equipment had been permanently damaged and his days of
fucking every woman who's let him were in his past. His balls were swollen the
size of cantaloupes and his cock felt raw like to had been sandpapered. There
wasn't a spot between his nipples and his knees that wasn't screaming in pain.

  Sam watched as Rhonda wheeled a tool chest over to where it almost touched
him. He didn't noticed until the cart reached him that there was a small vise
mounted on one end. Sam started to scream when Rhonda grabbed his ball sack and
placed it in the vise then spun the arm until Sam felt his nuts slightly
flattened by the vise.

  Rhonda pulled one of Sam's nuts out of the vise grip leaving the other inside.

  "Candace told me to crush only one," said Rhonda starting to slowly turn the
handle.

  "Oh Jesus, please don't. I'll do anything you say. If you do that, I won't
even be a man," cried Sam.

  "Have mercy on us, for the love of God, we're just working guys with
families," pleaded Jake who worried that his nuts were going in the vise next.

  Rhonda spun the lever until Sam's ball began to flatten. Sam was screaming and
pleading. Rhonda backed off the pressure a small amount. Sam's ball was less
than half it's normal thickness.

  "Let's make a deal. You make a complete confession on video of who paid you to
disrupt the rally and you can keep your nuts," said Rhonda. "Or you can be brave
and let me castrate you." Rhonda twirled the vise handle a couple of
revolutions.

  "Deal, deal, whatever you say but please don't do that. It was Horace Trimble.
He works for Mike Harrington. He came over to Zeke's tonight and offered us
money to disrupt the Williams rally on the Common. I'm supposed to collect $250
for each of us tomorrow," said Sam rapidly.

  "It's turning out to be a lot of pain for $250. Hold up a minute, Sam, we have
to put you in front of a camera," said Rhonda.

***

  The orange LCD displayed 2:18AM when Horace Trimble felt a hand clamp over his
mouth as the covers were ripped off the bed. Someone jumped on his chest and
pinned his arms over his head.

  He had gone to bed disappointed after watching the 10:00AM news. There was
nothing about the Williams rally on Wakefield Common. Maybe Sam and the boys
hadn't shown. Horace wouldn't put it past those morons to keep drinking until
the rally was over. Or maybe the disturbance happened too late to make the
nightly news. If there weren't a disturbance at the Williams' rally, Horace
would have to tell Mike Harrington what happened and why. He wasn't looking
forward to that, not with the way Mike had been acting lately.

  "Wake up Horace, but don't make a sound," said a voice beside Horace and
Eleanor's bed. Horace came fully awake when he realized there were several
strangers in the dark bedroom. Horace was acutely conscious that both he and
Eleanor slept naked and whoever was there was able to see them in all their
glory when the lights went on. There was someone sitting on Eleanor's chest too.

  "Horace, there are people here." said Eleanor in a quiet voice. Horace had
always admired her capacity for staying cool under trying circumstances.

  "Be quiet you two, there's a stun gun on your privates," said a female voice.

  "What do you want? My wallet is on the dresser," offered Horace.

  "I said be quiet," said the female voice.

  Horace heard a cell phone beep and then that same female voice said,
"Everything's secure, you can come over now."

  "You two remain quiet and nobody will get hurt, the boss will be here in a
minute," said that same female voice.

  Horace shut up. He was not a brave man. He thought he was being robbed. He
felt a piece of hard plastic being held against his nuts. Some patrolman friends
of his on the Wakefield PD had once demonstrated stun guns on a Latino couple
they had arrested for dealing drugs. Horace had called the police when several
of the other tenants in a rental three-decker that Horace owned had complained
about all the noise and visitors.

   The couple had given the two policemen a hard time and the policemen weren't
in a pleasant mood when they yelled it was safe and Horace could enter. Horace
found the couple a little bloody with their hands cuffed behind their back. Of
course, at the time, Horace had been more concerned about damage done to his
rental unit.

  "Ever see a guy have their balls Tasered?" asked Sgt. Lobetti as he pulled the
man's pants down while his partner held him.

  "Nope, can't say as I have," said Horace.

  "Enjoy this Raul or whatever your name is,' said Lobetti as he touched the
gizmo the size of the cell phone to the tip of the Latino's dick. Horace had
heard a small crackling sound as he watched the man immediately collapse on the
floor twitching and jerking. His mouth and face looked like he was screaming but
there wasn't a sound coming out. His lips were covered with flecks of foam.

  "That's what I call real pain," said Detective Sergeant Michael Lobetti,
Horace's good friend on the Wakefield PD.

  "The bitch tried to bite me," said Keith, Lobetti's partner. "Let's have some
fun with her."

  "I'll hold her, you burn her hole," said Lobetti grabbing the woman and
pulling up on the handcuffs to cause her pain. The woman screamed as the cuffs
bit into her flesh.

  While the male was still paralyzed, Lobetti kicked the woman's legs out from
under her dropping her to the floor. Once there, Lobetti gave her a couple of
good kicks in the ribs to quiet her down. Horace thought he heard the sound of
bones breaking when the point of Lobetti's wing tip make contact with the
bitch's rib cage.

  She's a tough one though Horace. Most women would be screaming their lungs
out; but she's just moaning. The young woman was quietly cursing the officers in
Spanish when Lobetti pulled her skirt up and cut the crotch of her panty through
with his knife. Horace recalled she had some kind of funny tattoo right over her
shaved snatch.

  "We're going to light you up, chica," said Lobetti reaching between her legs
and giving her crotch a squeeze intended to cause pain. "You do her, Keith, I
used my Taser on her boyfriend."

  "With pleasure," said Keith as he spread her legs wide then kneeled down on
her thighs. The woman scream in pain as Keith's knees pinned the fleshy portion
of her thighs to the floor.

  Ouch though Horace. That must hurt.

  Keith grabbed her labia in each hand and yanked them apart.

  "Dark meat, must have some Indian blood, most greasers do, said Keith
observing the ring of brown flesh surrounding her vagina and asshole.

  "Grab her ankles and spread her wide. I want to Taser her from the inside
out," said Keith.

 Lobetti standing took her ankles and held them in a wide V as he bent her legs
back over her head to where her knees were beside her ears. She gave out a
little scream as her hip joints complained and her cracked ribs felt the strain.
Horace recalled she looked like one very unhappy Latina. But it served the cunt
right, selling dope in a good decent American town like Wakefield. She deserved
everything the two policemen were doing to her.

  "Let me wet her cunt. Improves the contact," said Keith as he spit in her
pussy, smeared it around with his finger. Keith worked the Taser four or five
inches inside her vagina before he pulled the trigger.

  "Shit, look at her, flopping around like a rock bass," laughed Lobetti as the
Latina rolled back and forth on the cheap carpet.

  "That'll teach her not to sell dope in our town," said Horace noting that
there was a wisp of smoke coming out of the Latina's cunt.

  "Smell that, that's the odor of burning pussy," said Keith.

  "The people that make these things say they incapacitate but don't hurt," said
Lobetti referring to the laser gun in his hand. "Of course, those people have
never taken a shot to their pecker or given their girl friend one in her cunt."

  "Time for a little recreation," said Lobetti as he took out a condom and tore
the foil with his teeth.

  "Hey, you went first last time," said Keith.

  "Bullshit, you packed that hitchhiker's shit first, the little redhead college
girl with a dime bag in her backpack. That was day before yesterday. Remember,
she kept saying 'Officer Lowry, please fuck my pussy, my ass is on fire,'" said
Lobetti.

  "You did Mary Ann first, and that was yesterday," said Keith.

  "Mary Ann doesn't count. She's not a perp," said Lobetti.

  "Rock, paper, scissors," said Keith.

  Horace recalled that Lobetti's rock broke Keith's scissors. He remembered
Keith pulling one of the guy's dirty socks off and stuffing it in the Latina's
mouth as Lobetti mounted her and slammed his cock inside her burned out love
tunnel. Horace recalled he bugged-out eyes and the attempts to scream past the
sock gag. As soon as Lobetti finished, Keith took his turn. They offered Horace
a go at her but he declined.

  God I wish Lobetti were still on the force thought Horace. This kind of home
invasion shit never would have occurred in Wakefield if Lobetti were still
maintaining public safety. But a massive myocardial infarction stopped Lobetti's
ticker just as he was dumping his load into Mary Ann Pennington's needy cunt.
Mary Ann was the owner and operator of Salon de Mary Ann, Wakefield's busiest
hair styling operation. Mary Ann was a middle-aged police groupie who'd spread
her legs for any member of the force who bothered to ask. Lobetti and Keith had
been dropping by once a week for years to take advantage of Mary Ann's charms.

  "Some girls fuck rock stars, other's fireman, Mary Ann loves cops and can't
get enough police peter in that snatch of hers," was how Eleanor phrased it.

   Poor Mary Ann freaked out when Lobetti's eyes rolled back in his head just as
he squirted. Keith had to come in and pull Lobetti off Mary Ann and calm her
down before he called 911.

  Horace considered the current Wakefield PD composed of pantywaists too
concerned with the rights of the accused to protect the public. Officers like
Lobetti kept the town safe. Horace recalled the time that a crack whore was
making an incall escort visit at the Lord Wakefield Inn. The hooker was so
stoned; she couldn't get her John off. When he demanded his money back, a ruckus
occurred and a pair of rookie cops was dispatched. When they got there, the
hooker came out of her crack trance, pulled a straight razor out of her bra and
sliced one of the rookies across the forearm. The rookie almost bled to death
before they got him to the ER. As it turned out, the rookie was the police
chief's nephew; so old Chief Benson turned the hooker over to Lobetti.

  First they locked her in a cell located in the police station's sub-basement.
They called it the 'special cases' cell. Lobetti tied the crack whore to a chair
and let her dry out cold turkey.

  Druggies say there is nothing worse than being detoxed off crack cocaine
without any medication. Lobetti tied her up tight so she couldn't beat her
brains out against the cell bars and left her for five days to scream her lungs
out as every fiber in her body demanded crack. Horace had snuck over to the jail
to see the tramp. She had this wild look in her eyes. She was covered in sweat
and sitting in a puddle of her own shit.

  "Get me a pipe and I'll let you fuck me in the ass," she mumbled when Horace
entered the room.

  After five days, the hooker was dried out. Lobetti had the matrons clean her
up and feed her then he went into her cell with a sap and beat her senseless.
Lobetti blacked her eyes, broke her nose, some ribs, couple of fingers. He made
her hurt all over. He let her recover for two more days then he and Keith
borrowed a pair of Dr. Simpson's dental pliers and extracted every one of her
teeth. They didn't use any Novocain either. Lobetti started with her front teeth
and worked all the way back to her wisdom teeth. He didn't leave a single
incisor, bicuspid, or molar.

  Lobetti gave her another two days to recover then hung her upside down, stuck
a long necked funnel in her pussy and poured in a teakettle of boiling water.
When they turned her upright, big pieces of scalded skin from the lining of her
vagina came out of her hole. Lobetti wrapped her up in a blanket, threw her in
the back of a cruiser and delivered her back to her pimp in East Boston with a
warning to keep out of Wakefield.

  Wakefield was a safe community when Lobetti was on the force repeated Horace
to himself. But since he was dead, Horace stayed very still and quiet, afraid to
move.

  "They're secure, tell Candace she can come in now," said a female voice. In a
second the lights came on and Harvey saw there were four women in his bedroom,
all wearing military night camouflage garb and night vision goggles. Horace
almost pissed himself when he saw that two of the women were armed with what
looked like submachine guns.

  "Take Eleanor in the living room and entertain her. I need to talk to Horace,"
said another female as he entered the room.

  "You're not going to hurt my wife, are you? I told you my wallet was on the
dresser. Take the money and leave." Horace had a moment of regret when he
realized that he had almost two thousand dollars in cash that he planned to pay
Sam and the crew with in the morning.

  "Eleanor's not going to be hurt. In fact, she'll probably enjoy it," said
Candace Williams turning on the table lamp beside the bed.

  "Candace Williams, what are you doing here? Who's that?" demanded Horace
watching as Eleanor was pulled out of the bed by two women and taken toward the
living room. Horace was surprised that there were only women present. He felt a
little safer. He saw that the woman that remained with Candace was the very tall
powerful looking female he had observed at several of the William's meetings.
Horace recalled she was in charge of Candace's security.

  "This is Rhonda," said Candace. "She's in charge of my security and we had a
problem last night and you caused it," said Candace.

  "You two get out of my house. I'll have you arrested for home invasion and
burglary," said Horace feeling a little braver since he was not dealing with
men.

  "Before you decide to get brave and try to physically evict us, we have
something to show you.

  "Put this in the VCR, Rhonda," said Candace as she handed Rhonda a
videocassette. Rhonda had to eject a videocassette already in the player. Rhonda
took a look at it and read, "Kinky Anal Angels No. 12". Rhonda opened a
videocassette storage cabinet located nearby.

  "Interesting collection of porn, it looks like you own the whole series. And
what is this?" said Rhonda pulling out a hand labeled videocassette.

  "That's personal. It's none of your business," yelled Horace.

  Rhonda asked Candace, "Do we have time to take a look?"

  "Yes, but make it quick," said Candace.

  Rhonda inserted the videocassette as she turned on the television. In a few
seconds there was an image of Horace and Eleanor sitting naked on their bed with
a black couple. The black man was sucking on Eleanor's tits and the black woman
was sucking Horace's cock as she worked his balls.

  "It's labeled 'Joe and Reba 6/21/99'. I actually prefer amateur porn. It's
more real than the stuff produced in Los Angeles. Look at the cock on Joe. I bet
Eleanor loved that," said Rhonda.

  "Fast forward," said Candace.

  "Your violating my constitutional rights to privacy in my own home," said
Horace.

  "Eleanor wasn't the only one enjoying Joe's cock," said Rhonda. The screen
showed Horace on all fours with Joe fucking him in the ass. Horace's mouth was
rimming Reba's asshole and Reba in turn had her face buried in Eleanor's snatch.
Another black man came into the picture, climbed up on the bed and inserted his
cock in Eleanor's pussy.

  "That's enough. Take all the homemade videocassettes. Leave the rest," said
Candace.

  "That's theft of personal property. The police chief, Ed Dawson, is a close
friend of mine," said Horace.

  "Does that mean Ed's on these tapes with you and Eleanor? Kate Dawson is a
close friend of mine. She has helped out in my campaign. Let's get to the point.
Rhonda, show him our video," said Candace.

  Horace watched as Sam appeared on screen. He was seated at a small table
wearing a Williams for Congress T-shirt looking directly into the camera. Sam
began by giving the date and time then naming the members of his crew. Then he
announced that Horace Trimble had paid him $500 plus $250 for each of his crew
to disrupt that night's William's Rally on Wakefield Common. Sam looked awful.
His eyes were red. You could tell he had been crying. Sam gave a tearful account
of how Horace had contacted him. Then he apologized to Candace Williams and her
staff and the voters in the 12th District for trying to disrupt the democratic
process.

  "It was not a voluntary confession," said Horace.

  "No, it wasn't, said Rhonda as she switched off the VCR and ejected the
cassette. "We beat it out of him with a rubber hose. We did his whole crew.
Based on how quickly they broke, I didn't think that members of the Iron Workers
Union lived up to their reputation for being tough. I've seen women stand up to
much greater punishment."

  "Jesus, Damn, what did you do to them?" asked Horace.

  "Nothing permanent, it was just your basic rubber hose bastinado for fifteen
minutes. Hurts like hell though. Made all those tough ironworkers cry like
little babies. I'm not sure they consider themselves so macho anymore," said
Rhonda.

  "You all did that to Sam and his crew?" said Horace unbelievingly.

  "We dykes whipped them until they begged us to stop," said Rhonda.

  "Are they going to be all right?" asked Horace. He didn't want Sam and his
bunch coming after him for setting them up.

  "As I said, no permanent damage was done. We even took them back to Zeke's. I
gave Zeke a hundred to pay for several rounds of pain killer," said Rhonda.

  "I told Mike Harrington his idea sucked. He doesn't listen to anyone. He's
losing it," said Horace.

  "Oh, before I forget. Sam is expecting double payment because of the beating.
He said you told him it would be easy. You caused him to lose respect with his
crew. I'd pay up tomorrow and tell him how sorry I were if I were you. He'll be
in an awful mood," said Rhonda.

  "What do you want from me?" asked Horace.

  "Tomorrow you are switching sides in the campaign, get every member of the
local media together and at 2:00PM, you're going to announce that you are
supporting me for the Twelfth District.  I'll be there and we'll make a joint
announcement. I'll expect you to join my campaign and be highly active. You're a
well-known local politician. You can bring in votes," said Candace.

  There was a sound of women's laughter coming from the living room. Then you
could hear Eleanor saying "Let me eat you Debbie while Kathy munches my rug."

  "Looks like your Missus is enjoying our little visit. I want her there
tomorrow also. It will make it appear more family like," said Candace.

  "Mike will fire me," said Horace.

  "Yes, just like he fired Ron and Jeff. But when I win, you'd be out of a job
anyway. I'm offering you the same job working for me after I'm elected," said
Candace.

  "You think you can beat Mike Harrington," said Horace.

  "Mike Harrington is going down to ignominious defeat.  Here are your choices.
You can forget Harrington and sign on with me. In that case, you keep your job
and your self-respect. Otherwise, I give that cassette to the Globe reporter you
invited to my rally promising him a story that never materialized. In that case,
Harrington will be forced to disown you before he fires you. I'll also see that
some of your amateur porn gets in the hands of the wrong people," said Candace.

  "All right, you win, where do you want me at 2:00?" said Horace admitting
defeat.

  "I've already reserved the function room at the Wakefield Inn," said Candace.

  "I'll be there. Can I have my cassettes back?" asked Horace.

  "After the election when you've proven I can trust you. And there's one more
thing," said Candace.

  "What's that?"

  "Let's you and I fuck to seal our alliance," said Candace as she reached over
and took hold of Horace's cock. "I've been watching this since I came into the
room and I got horny as hell just looking at it."

  "You going to screw me?" asked Horace in total disbelief.

  "Running for office makes me want cock. I'm going to suck you hard, mount your
cock and ride you until you dump your load in my cunt or my ass, I haven't
decided which hole I want you to finish in," said Candace as she stood up and
began to undress.

  "Seeing a man raped always makes me horny. Mind if I join the girls in the
living room? I feel like eating his better half's pussy," asked Rhonda.

  "Have fun," said Candace as she stood up and started unbuttoning her blouse.
Horace felt his cock stiffen as Candace slipped her blouse off then unzipped and
dropped her skirt to the floor.

  Horace watched in amazement as Candace slipped her pantyhose down then removed
her bra. God she has a beautiful body thought Horace. I'd probably have joined
her just for a piece of that.

  "One drawback of being a candidate is having to wear undergarments," said
Candace as she removed her panties and rubbed her pussy. "Oh my pussy needs some
strange, my clit's tingling at the thought."

  "God, you're beautiful. My cock's getting hard just looking at you," said
Horace.

  "One thing for you to keep in mind is that Mike Harrington never let you fuck
him," said Candace as she climbed on the bed between Horace's legs and began to
stroke his cock. "Just lay there and let me do the work as a token of my
appreciation for all the help you're going to give me in my campaign."

  "Oh that feels good. Your hand, it's so warm," said Horace.

  "Let's 69. I have a suspicion you have a talented tongue." Candace changed
positions until her cunt came in contact with Horace's mouth.  Horace stuck out
the tip of his tongue and gave Candace's clit a little flick then followed that
by a sensuous lick then another flick.

  "Oh that's just perfect. I was right. Eleanor is a lucky woman," said Candace
as she lowered her head to take Horace's cock in her mouth.

  "You're so wet. It's just oozing out your pussy. It's thick and hot like
syrup," said Horace.

  "Swallow it, Horace, lick it out of my cunt and swallow it."

  Candace sucked and stroked Horace's cock. She could hear Eleanor, Rhonda, and
the other Amazons going at it in the living room. Horace's tongue invaded the
opening of her vagina. She felt him use his tongue to lap the thick warm viscous
fluids that flowed from her pussy. Candace could feel Horace throat swallowing
her glandular secretions.

  Candace slipped a finger into Horace's rectum as she forced his hard cock past
the opening to her throat. Horace gasped when he realized the lining of
Candace's esophagus was clutching his cock head and the two inches of dick
behind it. Candace's tongue worked his balls while his cock pulsed in and out
her throat.

  "You're the best. My God can you suck cock," exclaimed Horace.

  "I want some of your piss. And I want you to swallow some of mine," said
Candace.

  "Man you are one hot lady. Let's pee together," said Horace completely
astounded by what he and Candace were doing. Horace had always loved water
sports and getting several mouthfuls of his partner's piss always improved the
sex.  "My mouth is on your pee hole, let fly whenever you're ready."

  Horace felt a warm stream of urine begin to flow into his mouth. Eleanor liked
for him to drink her urine so it wasn't by any means the first time he had
opened up his mouth and swallowed mouthful after mouth of warm woman pee. But
Candace's pee was hotter than anything he had ever felt. It almost burned his
throat as he swallowed it. He got his own flow started in her mouth. He had
drunk a couple of beers before he went to bed and he felt like he had a full
bladder to empty into Candace.

  Candace slowly swallowed Horace's piss as it streamed into her mouth. Candace
loved the feeling of her mouth first filling with urine followed by a quick
swallow that sent the golden fluid down into her belly. She could feel it flow
down her esophagus and past her stomach valve and into her stomach. If the man
had a full bladder, the sensation of having a belly full of warm man pee was
heavenly. Candace loved being full of urine and the way she could feel it
sloshing inside her as she moved.

  She and Horace finished at roughly the same time.

  "I want that big cock of yours in my cunt," said Candace as she turned about
and mounted Horace slipping his hard cock into her pussy and driving in all the
way to his balls in one swift motion. Candace had her feet under her and she was
lowering and raising her body as she rode Horace's pole.

  "Grab my nipples and twist them hard, lover," said Candace as she leaned over
to tongue kiss Horace. They could taste and smell each other's urine as their
tongues intertwined and passed from mouth to mouth.

  Horace wasn't sure he had ever been as turned on by a fuck as much as the one
Candace was giving him. He liked to hurt women's nipples as he screwed them. He
grabbed Candace's left nipple in his teeth and bit down hard all the while
viciously twisting the other nipples digging his nails into flesh.

  "That's right, hurt my tits, bite them till they bleed," gasped Candace.

  Horace switched to the other nipple. He took the whole end of Candace's tit
including all of the areola and bit into the flesh with all his jaw power. He
felt the flesh flatten and his incisor break the surface of the skin. Horace
felt a spurt of blood dash into his mouth.

  "Oh that feels good. Hurt me more. Chew my tits off," said Candace as she
clamped her cunt muscles around Horace's cock.

  "I'm going to cum," gasped Horace.

  "Let's mix your cum with my shit," said Candace as she rose a little higher,
grabbed Horace's cock and slipped the head into her rectum. Candace slowly
lowered herself down feeling Horace's cock slide millimeter by millimeter into
her bowels.

  "Pack my shit down," said Candace as she began to rhythmically butt fuck
herself with Horace's cock.

  It was the tightest and hottest asshole Horace had ever been in. It was
tighter than Eleanor's when he fucked her butt for the first time. It was even
tighter than Eleanor's niece, Tara, the little fourteen-year-old slut that had
spent last summer with them. Horace had busted both her cherries while Eleanor
fucked his asshole with a strap on. At the time, he thought that was as hot as
it could possibly get. But now that Horace was inside Candace William's butt, he
knew how the ultimate felt.

  Horace couldn't resist any more. He felt his sperm being drawn out of his ball
sack and flying toward the tip of his pecker. He soaked the inside of Candace's
rectum before he collapsed.

  Candace let her own climax occur as she felt Horace's sperm inside her ass.
She had been stroking her clit as she rode his cock. When she felt his cock
soften and slide out of her butt, she slipped down and took his softening cock
in her hand.

  It was covered with slime and there were streaks of shit along the sides. She
looked up toward Horace and gazed directly in his eyes then calmly licked his
dick clean.

  Horace lay there too exhausted to move as he felt Candace get off the bed and
went into the bedroom. He heard water running. In a few minutes she emerged and
quickly redressed.

  She walked over to the bed, leaned down and gave him a kiss.

  "See you at 2:00 at the Wakefield Inn."

  "I'll be there. You can count on it," said Horace as he watched Candace walk
toward the other room.

  "Let's go Rhonda," said Candace.

  Horace heard Rhonda speak from the living room. "Get dressed you two."

  "Can't we stay? Eleanor is a lot of fun," said Debbie.




Chapter 18 - Entrapment



Please take note! Adults Only Literature

The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written for
adults only.

If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing this
file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
now.

This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
is purely coincidental, etc.

Copyright 2003

                                                                ****

  "Home, Congressman?" asked the limousine driver. Congressman Mike Harrington
had just climbed wearily into the backseat. In Mike's opinion, he had spent the
last two hours being made a complete fool in the debate with Candace Williams.

  "Fuck no, Airport Hilton, I've got another meeting," said Mike brightening a
little when he thought about what was waiting at the hotel.

  Damn, I wish Ron and Jeff were here thought Mike. Maybe I was too hasty
canning their butts, especially in the middle of this election. They would at
least know what the fuck was going on and could talk to me about it. Ron would
have made sure I was up on what kind of questions those foreigners were going to
throw at me.

  Mike recalled the last humiliating exchange between he and Candace Williams.
It came at the end when they had the opportunity to pose three questions
directly to one another. Candace's final exchange with him was a killer as far
as the audience was concerned.

  "Congressman, can you discuss the impact on District 12 consumers of HR 2104?"
asked Candace.

  "HR 2104, there are so many bills. I can't be expected to recall each bill by
number," replied Mike trying to recall what HR 2104 was about. It sounded
familiar.

  "I find that surprising. You are listed as the sponsor of HR 2104, known
better as the Citizen's Energy Act. You claimed in your speech introducing the
bill to the full House last July 24th   to have crafted every word of it," said
Candace in a firm voice.

  "Oh, of course, I was that bill's sponsor and proud of it."

  "Are you proud of the fact that the bill costs each District 12 household an
average of $112 annual on their home heating bill? Isn't HR 2104 so favorable to
the oil and gas industry that some experts have described the bill as being
written by the industry?"

  "That's ridiculous, the oil and gas industry played no part in drafting the
Citizen's Energy Act."

  "So you've had no contact with them during the preparation of HR 2104?"

  "None, absolutely not," lied Mike. "That wouldn't be appropriate."

  "Is this a picture of you and Sam Reynolds, President and CEO of Reynolds'
Energy, boarding the Reynolds's corporate yacht, The Kilowatt Hour, on the
weekend before the bill was introduced into the House?" asked Candace as the
screen behind the stage showed a slide of Sam and he climbing aboard the yacht.
One could clearly see the yacht's name on the stern.

  "How the hell did you get that?" yelled Mike. The audience laughed at him.
They knew he was lying. I've never been so humiliated in thirty years of
politics grumbled Mike.

  I was sandbagged. Why didn't somebody tell me she spoke Spanish and
Portuguese? grumbled Mike.  The high school gym was packed with members of
Salem's ethic Portuguese community and there were a large number of people from
El Salvador. Candace was able to respond to the questioners in their own
language. Where the fuck is El Salvador? I bet its near Portugal decided Mike.

  God that bitch is smart. She sounds like a computer spouting facts and
figures, speaking different languages. I wonder how she got Horace Trimble and
Eleanor to join up with her. I heard they're going door to door in Lynn, Saugas,
Wakefield, and Stoneham, asking people to vote for Williams. That ungrateful
bastard, after all I did for him and that slut wife of his all these years
thought Mike.

  Mike helped himself to the limo's bar. He poured two fingers of vodka over ice
as they drove through the streets of Lynn on their way to the Logan Airport
Hilton. He thought more about Candace Williams.

  Brains and beauty, she's got it all. I actually started getting a hard on
looking at her butt when she was at the podium. Nice ass and tits, and those
legs, I kept picturing them wrapped around me pumping my cock. I bet she fucks
like a crack whore needing a fix. After the election, I'm going to offer her
Ron's job as my new chief of staff.  She'll have to show how much she wants it
by wrapping that smart mouth around my Johnson and sucking out the juice. I'd
love to watch her and little Cindy going at it on my office couch. We'll just
see how badly Mrs. Williams wants to get to Washington.

  Shit, I'd lose this election if it were up to the voters. I'm going to have to
call in all my markers from those pricks on the Election Commission, maybe even
spread some money around. That may get expensive but that's what campaign
contributions are for.

  It's amazing how little effect my attack ads made. I tried to paint her as
lacking experience. But she's so damn ready with facts and figures about every
conceivable topic; the voters think she's been in Congress fifty years. Plus she
comes across as little miss wholesome. I bet that's a crock of shit. I could
probably dig something up but the elections next week, no time for that now.
Shit, somehow, that bitch got to McNally and got him to feed Ron a line of
bullshit. Or that drunken Irish cock hound never left his office, just told Ron
what he wanted to hear then climbed back into the bottle. Fucking McNally's, all
of them, the worst kind of black Irish scum. McNally's dad, Seamus, was a small
time thug and leg breaker for the Winter Hill gang and old Sadie his mom would
drop her drawers for a slug of gin.

   Mike recalled how as a boy he would wait in the car while his daddy visited
Sadie McNally every Saturday morning. Mike's dad always took a half pint of
Gordon's. Hoover and his sister would be working with Seamus in their bakery
over on Essex Street. A couple of times, Mike had snuck around back and watched
his old man. Daddy was a real cocksman recalled Mike. After a session with my
dad, a woman knew she'd been fucked.

  Sadie would be lying in top of the kitchen table with her dress up around her
waist and her drawers down around one ankle. Mike's dad would be holding on to
Sadie's hips and pounding away while Sadie gripped the table edge. Mike recalled
how the big kitchen table jostled back and forth as dad slammed it home. Sadie
always had this big shit-eating grin on her face like she just loved what Mike's
dad was doing. Sadie would be kicking her legs in the air when they weren't
wrapped around my dad's ass. Mike's dad would finally finish and wipe his cock
on a nearby dishcloth. He'd give Sadie a quick kiss and then head back to the
car.

  "Don't you ever tell your Mom about us stopping at the McNally's Saturday
morning. That's just between us men. When you get old enough, you'll
understand," warned Morris Harrington.

  Of course, Mike's mom was getting plenty and didn't have a reason to complain.
Many nights, Mike and his brother William would wake up to the sound of their
mother and dad's headboard slamming against the wall as Dad gave mom a good
fucking. The house wasn't large and only studs and drywall separated the
bedrooms. Mom would be moaning and talking dirty and Dad would be calling her a
filthy Irish whore. After they finished, he and William would sneak into the
hall and watch through the bathroom keyhole as mom washed her pussy and took her
diaphragm out.

  Mike's dad had taken him to visit Heddie's Place in Salem on his fifteenth
birthday. Heddie put him with one of her youngest girls, Kate or Kathy, Mike
couldn't recall for sure.  His Dad had gone into Heddie's bedroom while Kate had
taken him up to her room on the third floor.

  I popped thirty seconds after I got it in her mouth. I was so embarrassed I
wanted to die but Kate went right back to work and I was hard again in no time.
After that I got my first piece of pussy. Those were good times, the old days,
mused Mike. A boy's dad took care of him, made sure he knew about sex and stuff.
Shit, today's fathers probably never been near a brothel themselves, let alone
taken junior there for his first fuck. That's why young people today are so
screwed up. All the men are faggots and the women whores.

  Mike's mind shifted to other thoughts as they approached the airport.

  Cindy and her little cousin, Amanda, would be waiting in the hotel suite. He
was lucky Nora was at their place in Boca Raton. I wonder what that stupid bitch
wife of mine is up to. Probably too zonked out on pills to tell night from day.
I wonder if that Puerto Rican pool boy is fucking her when I'm not around. Shit,
most of the time, she's too out of it to know whether he's doing her or not.

  I could have gone further in politics if my wife wasn't a looser pill head.
Maybe, I ought to divorce Nora and marry Candace Williams. Now there's someone
who could help you get ahead in this world thought Mike as the limousine pulled
up to the drop off at the hotel. That's the kind of woman you need by your side
to move up with the big guys like Clinton. They say Ted Kennedy's going to give
it up and retire at the end of his term. I guess I'm too old but with a young
wife like Candace, who knows.

***

  In a suite on the top floor of the Airport Hilton, Hoover McNally checked the
cameras for the tenth time. Hoover and Lois Blake were seated side by side at a
table covered with television monitors, keyboards, and computer equipment. They
were in Suite 1222. Next-door was Suite 1224, registered to the Committee to
Re-Elect Mike Harrington.

  Hoover had a concealed video camera on all four sides of the master bedroom of
Suite 1224. Hoover was clicking through the screens making sure all the cameras
were functioning properly. An array of personal computers was interconnected
with the cameras and monitors. The computer's hard drives would be making a
digital copy of everything the cameras captured.  The cameras were equipped with
5:1 zoom lens.  Good enough to focus in on the hairs on Mike Harrington' ass
thought Hoover.

   There were also cameras in Suite 1224's living room where Cindy Powers and
Amanda Blake, Lois's thirteen-year-old daughter, were seated beside one another
on the couch waiting for the Congressman to arrive.

   In spite of their age differences, the girls were identically dressed. Both
were wearing micro-mini red plaid box pleated skirts, a white blouse and black
paten Mary Janes with white socks.  I was a calculated little girl look that
would prove irresistible to an old pedophile like Mike Harrington.

  The day had started early for the two girls. Cindy had picked up Lois and
Amanda at 7:00AM. The limo had driven them directly to the Le Pli Spa on Beacon
Street in downtown Boston where both girls were given a Brazilian bikini wax, a
facial, a full body immersion in warm aromatic clay and finally a massage. The
two were next whisked over to Candelabra's House of Style where their hair was
dyed an identical shade of honey blonde. Their eyebrows were plucked and their
hair identically styled. The limo then took the three women and Gary the stylist
to a loft on Boston's School Street where a team of dressmakers made final
adjustments and outfitted them in their matching outfits including the Teddy
bear. At that point, a cosmetologist, Lonnie, joined the team. Lonnie worked for
over an hour to make Cindy and Amanda look as much like sisters as possible. As
a final touch, Lonnie glued a heart shaped beauty mark to both girls' left cheek
right at the corner of their mouth.

  A photographer arrived and took a number of glamour shots of the two. The two
girls posed in various provocative poses including a long wet tongue kiss. The
photographer encouraged them to have some fun with it. One of the images was of
both girls standing side by side. Amanda was raising Cindy's skirt and pointing
toward the crotch of her white cotton panties.

  "I'm about to cream myself just looking at the two of you," announced Lois
Blake while the photo shoot was happening.  "Anybody here want a quick one?"

  "I'm gay," said Gary.

  "Aussi," said Lonnie.

  "Just my luck, ready to give it away and surrounded by fags," said Lois.

  "How about you, Terrence," said Lois speaking to the photographer?

  "I'm with the fags. Get yourself off, darling," said Terrence as he looked
through the viewfinder.

  The digital images were emailed to Candace Williams campaign headquarters
where they were reviewed. Candace answered with her approval and everything was
considered a go.

  The three women plus Gary and Lonnie were driven to the Airport Hilton. Once
in Suite 1224, Gary and Lonnie did a final touch up of hair and make-up then
departed each with $500 in their wallets.

  My God, they're absolutely stunning. If you've got a single ounce of child
predator in you, those two will bring it out thought Hoover. Amanda's the most
beautiful little girl I've ever seen and Cindy's a wet dream. In those tiny
little skirts, they're enough to make a dead man get an erection. Candace is a
genius. Old Mike Harrington hasn't got a chance.

  Amanda was holding a Teddy bear dressed identically to herself. Both girls
were equipped with a wireless two-way communications apparatus that consisted of
an earplug and a small microphone clipped to their lapel.

  Hoover's efforts to maintain his focus weren't being helped by the fact that
Amanda's mother, Lois Blake, was seated beside him and seemed to be working hard
to distract him. Lois was wearing a tight knit top that left no doubt as to the
location and size of her half dollar sized nipples. She was also wearing a pair
of jeans so tight Hoover kept wondering how she got them on. Even more
distracting, Lois kept brushing against him every chance she got.

  "Sound check," said Lois.

  "Mommy, I really don't need Cindy here. I'm perfectly capable of fucking the
Congressman all by myself," said Amanda.

  "Eleven year old girls don't say fuck. And that's not the plan, you know that,
said Lois.

  "I'm thirteen, I'll be fourteen next year," said Amanda.

  "I know how old you are Amanda. As I recall I was there when you were born.
But you are playing the role of an eleven year old. The Congressman thinks
you're eleven," said Lois.

  "I know all that. So why is Cindy here? I don't need her," said Amanda.

  "As I told you yesterday. In this scenario, Cindy is your older sister. At
least the Congressman thinks she is. Cindy works for the Congressman and knows
how to act around him. Just follow her cues and everything will go like we
discussed," said Lois.

  "This outfit makes me look like a little kid, and whose idea was this dumb
bear," said Amanda.

  "Amanda, you're supposed to be an innocent eleven year old girl who still
carries a teddy bear. That's what is going to make the Congressman's dick hard.
Now, let's have less attitude, nobody loves a Prima Donna, what do I always
say," said Lois.

  "I know, Mommy, be more of an actress and less of a slut, I guess the slut
part just comes easier to the Blake women," said Amanda.

   That's right sweetie, just stay focused, think of all the money we're making
and what you'll buy with your half. A smart girl always keeps the paycheck in
mind," said Lois.

    "All right, Momma, I'm just a little nervous," said Amanda.

    "Nothing wrong with that, all great actresses get a little stage fright
before a performance, just sit there like a lady and follow Cindy's lead," said
Lois ending the conversation.

   "Gorgeous child, think she'll be okay," asked Hoover. I don't think I've ever
seen a more beautiful thirteen year old."

   "Amanda making your cock hard?" said Lois. "I haven't met many guys who
didn't picture themselves between those skinny legs fucking away in that little
pink pussy."

  "Hell, I'm only human," said Hoover. "Cindy's not exactly chop liver either."

  "Cindy on her own is beautiful but Amanda is something special. That girl is
going to Hollywood and become a movie star," said Lois.   

  My God, the little slut looks like the poster child for the National
Association of Pedophiles thought Hoover. Cindy's absolutely gorgeous but Lois
is right. Amanda's has that something extra like Marilyn Monroe.

   But all in all, it's the two of them dressed up in matching outfits with the
same hair and make-up. My God it's irresistible.  Amanda's mom isn't bad either
and she keeps acting like she wants some cock. I wonder if there's a
mother-daughter plus Cindy four way in my future. I couldn't be that lucky. I'm
not even sure I could handle it.

  Hoover had never considered himself as being into young girls but found
himself getting a hardon when the girls were taking different positions on the
bed in order to check out the camera angles. There was a lot of white panty
flashing and plenty of exposed leg. It made it hard to concentrate on getting
the lighting and the camera angles worked out.

  "I see you're involved with your job," said Lois as she reached over and
placed her hand on Hoover's cock. Lois had decided to have some fun with Hoover.
But not too much fun, there was a lot of money ridding on the kiddie trap.

  "Hey, I'm working here. I admit they're a turn on. However, I'm trying to
maintain my professional integrity," said Hoover picking up Lois's hand and
reluctantly returning it to her lap.

  "Don't get in a huff. Hell, I sometimes look at Amanda and get hot. She's a
thirteen-year-old sex machine that was raised by her grandmother and me to love
pussy and cock equally. I taught her to eat my box when she was barely ten. She
knows how she affects people, the little tart, She's thirteen now but looks ten
or eleven," said Lois returning her hand to the tent in Hoover's trousers and
rubbing her fingers along the length of his cock.

  "I thought you were an Amazon, a lesbian," said Hoover deciding to let Lois's
hand stay where it was. "Hell, I'm only human," repeated Hoover to himself.

  "No, I'm a Pagan; but some Amazon's swing both ways. We're not all like Rhonda
who's never let a man between her legs. A little Guatemalan birdie told me you
have a sizeable instrument and I thought I might play it tonight."

  "What did Maria Consuela tell you," asked Hoover?

  "She said you had a big thick dick and knew how to use it. Anna Estelle also
recommended you," said Lois. "Both girls say you really worked their box."

  "You women like to brag too much. Ever heard of fucking and not telling," said
Hoover.

  "We girls are always ready to share big cock stories sort of like fisherman. I
was always a sucker for big cocks. My ex husband, Troy, had nine inches. He's
Amanda's father. I gather from Maria Consuela that yours is in that
neighborhood. It certainly feels like it," said Lois who continued to rub
Hoover's cock that was approaching its full length.

  "So why did you and Troy split up if he had what you needed?" said Hoover.

  "Troy's serving life without parole for the murder of a Massachusetts Highway
patrolman. Unluckily for Troy, two highway patrolmen stopped him and his partner
when they were bringing in a shipment of China White from Canada. Taillight
wasn't working. Troy was weak on details. Troy panicked and threw down on the
two officers. He dropped one but the other dropped him. Troy lived but the
patrolman didn't, neither did Troy's partner. The last time I saw Troy, he had
his hands on the butt of his prison wife, Julius. Julius is doing life for
cutting the throat of his gay lover."

  "Sounds like a match made in heaven. So Julius is getting Troy's nine inches
and you got an itch in your empty hole. Does Amanda miss her daddy?"

  "Amanda's like me. She misses the nine inches more. Troy busted her cherry
when she was nine. Amanda's been cock crazy ever since her Daddy showed her what
to do with one. It's hard to believe but that little girl could bury that big
cock of his all the way to his balls by the time she was ten. She's precocious."

   Lois began to unzip Hoover's pants. Lois was fishing Hoover's cock out of his
slacks when an interruption occurred.

  A cell phone rang and Hoover answered. All he said was "We're all set." Then
he disconnected the call.

  "Harrington's on the way up, queue the girls. I'll let you have all the dick
you want as soon as we're done," said Hoover as he put his cock back in his
pants and zipped up.

  "Promise," asked Lois.

  "Yes," said Hoover.

  "Amanda and Cindy will want some too," said Lois.

  "God, I'm over forty, you know," said Hoover.

  Lois enabled her microphone and spoke, "The Congressman has arrived. Now
Amanda, you play the part of a little girl and act a little shy. Don't come on
like an overeager slut who can't wait to get a cock in her. Remember, you're to
treat him like he's your daddy. Now show your Momma what a good little actress
you are."

  Both girls waved at the camera to signify they were ready. They removed their
headsets and Cindy packed them up in her purse. As soon as there was the click
of the key card unlocking the door, Hoover started the video recorders. Cindy
stood up, took a deep breath and faced the door.

  "Look Amanda, daddy's home," cried Cindy jumping with excitement and planting
a kiss on Mike's cheek.

  Hoover was surprised at how absolutely whipped Mike Harrington looked. Candace
had called earlier and said that the debate at Salem High had gone very well
from her point of view. Hoover recalled his own first meeting with Candace
Williams.  She probably told everyone that her meeting with Hoover had "gone
very well". Hoover recalled it took two days for him to stop shaking. Hoover
still remembered exactly how that spiked dildo felt in his ass. He could also
recall the incredible fuck she'd given him.

  Time to get to work thought Hoover as he concentrated on the cameras, alert
for the first sign of trouble.

  "Lordy, Lordy, let me look at you two," said Mike when he realized just what
he was facing.

  Cindy and Amanda were standing together holding hands in front of Mike. Amanda
held her Teddy bear just like she was nine and needed it for security.

  "Kid's a natural. Once the camera's roll, she gets right into it," whispered
Lois.

  "You two twirl around," said Mike feeling a desperate need to see the back of
both young ladies.

  "Does Daddy like his Amanda," asked Amanda once she had completed a quick spin
that revealed a brief glimpse of white.

  "Daddy likes his Amanda very much," said Mike. "You're a little angel."

  "Daddy's looks like he's had a hard day. Sit over on the there, Daddy, with
Amanda and I'll fix you a cocktail," said Cindy pointing toward a large stuffed
chair.

  Things moved quickly. The camera showed Mike sitting in a stuffed chair with
Amanda in his lap. Cindy was bending over at the mini-bar looking for a nip of
vodka. Her panties were clearly visible when she took a small bottle off the
bottom shelf. Amanda was obviously a pro at this sort of thing. Her bottom was
sitting right where Mike's cock was located.

  "Did Daddy have a really hard day?" asked Amanda in a little girl voice that
sounded perfect for an eleven year old.

  "The hardest, sweetheart, I had to argue with a bad lady and she gave Daddy a
very difficult time. But I'm better now that I'm here with you and your sister,"
said Mike.

  "I'm glad you're here where that mean old lady can't hurt my Daddy," said
Amanda planting a kiss on Mike's cheek, then another kiss on his lips. Amanda
let her lips linger an extra moment.

  "Don't rush it, baby," whispered Lois in Hoover's ear.

  "But that's all over now. Daddy missed his little girls," said Mike who was
slowly getting into his father/daughter incest fantasy.

  "Vodka on the rocks," said Cindy handing Mike his drink. Mike took a swallow.
Cindy sat down on the chair arm and leaned in and gave Mike a kiss.

  "Thanks Cindy, you said your little sister was pretty but pictures don't do
her justice. You're the prettiest thing I ever did see, Amanda," said Mike
placing his palm on the side of Amanda's face. "You're just so pretty Daddy is
getting excited just being here."

  "Got him, he's thinking with his dick now," whispered Lois.

  "Daddy needs a kiss for saying such sweet things. We love to kiss Daddy, don't
we, Amanda?" asked Cindy.

  "Daddy's such a good kisser," said Amanda as she put her arms around Mike's
neck and gave him another kiss this time teasing her tongue across Mike's lips.

  Hoover gave a passing thought as to what kind of mind set enabled a thirteen
year old girl to have the will and smarts to seduce a fifty year old wreck like
Mike Harrington. Most thirteen year olds would have been repulsed, even
disgusted, at the thought of sexual intercourse with the fat, sweaty, aged roue.
But both Cindy and Amanda proceeded like it was all in a day's work. Maybe they
were a throwback to the courtesans like Madame DuBarry or Nell Gwyn who used
their womanhood to get what they wanted out of Europe's royalty.

  Scary thought Hoover. We men don't have a chance, especially with a superhuman
genius like Candace Williams leading them. And the worst part is that they get
off on the fucking more than we do. I bet that Amanda will enjoy the hell out of
Mike's old tired dick. She and Cindy will take all the fuck he has in him and
wish there were more.  These women are fucking dangerous concluded Hoover.

  "That tickled," said Mike. "Daddy likes to be kissed."

  Cindy leaned over and gave Mike a tongue kiss that all but steamed up the
windows. When Cindy finished, Amanda spoke up.

  "I can kiss like a big girl. Let me show you Daddy," said Amanda as she placed
her small lips against Mike's and French kissed him. You could see Amanda's
tongue working between Mike's lips.

  Hoover felt his cock harden as he watched. Lois was right about Amanda. She
had that certain something that went beyond her natural beauty, call it sex
appeal, libido drive, whatever, that made men, and women for that matter, want
to do one thing. Get that little girl naked and screw her.

  Mike slipped his hand under Amanda's skirt and cupped her panty-clad bottom.
The camera picked up Mike moving his hand so his fingers were between Amanda's
legs resting on her slit.

  "Oooohhhhhh, that feels good, Daddy. I like it when you touch me there," cooed
Amanda as she wigged her bottom against Mike's probing fingers. Mike's other
hand found Cindy's crotch. He tickled both their slits with his fingers causing
both girls to giggle.

  Cindy leaned over and gave Mike another very wet kiss on the mouth then moved
her own mouth to his ears and slowly licked around his entire ear surface then
poked the tip of her tongue inside his ear canal.

  "I want my Daddy to have a good time this afternoon, so does Amanda. Just tell
us Daddy what'll make you happy?" said Cindy who reached between Mike's legs and
rubbed his cock.

  "Let's just sit here a minute and enjoy ourselves, then we can go in the
bedroom and get comfortable," breathed Mike.

  Hoover noticed that one of Cindy's hands was between her own legs stroking her
pussy.

  I've seen and known my shares of needful whores in my day but these women are
off the charts thought Hoover.

  Hoover's cock was hard as a rock. In spite of his little speech about
professionalism, Lois had returned to rubbing his cock through his trousers.
Hoover decided to let it pass. Actually there wasn't much for Hoover to do other
than watch. If anything went wrong and the girls were endangered, his
nine-millimeter Glock was in his shoulder holster. He had a key to their suite.
However, everything was proceeding as planned.

  "I'm going to suck you off while you watch the monitors. I've got to have some
of that cream. Plus it'll get you ready for a nice long fuck afterwards," said
Lois sliding between Hoover's legs. Lois unzipped his trousers and removed his
cock from his boxer shorts.

  "Bigger than Troy's, wait until Amanda sees this," said Lois as she swirled
her tongue around the head.

  "I'm going to cum quick," said Hoover feeling the pressure build. He heard the
sound of another zipper and could only conclude that Lois intended to jerk off
while she sucked him off.

  "Good, I'll blow you twice and then we can fuck forever," said Lois. "You
wouldn't believe how wet you got me. Want a taste?" asked Lois as she reached
her fingers up for Hoover to lick.

   Hoover tried to keep at least some focus on the screens as he worked his
tongue over Lois's wet fingers.

  God how I love the taste of a wet twat thought Hoover.

  "I like it when Daddy touches me there, it makes my little cunny wet," said
Amanda. Mike had pulled up Amanda's skirt, pushed aside the crotch of her panty,
and was running his fingers up and down Amanda's slit. He didn't seem interested
in a long preliminary.

  "Amanda and I are wearing the same panties," said Cindy pulling up her skirt
to show Mike that she and Amanda were both wearing a white cotton thong. The
words 'Eye Candy' were stitched right across the crotch in pink thread and there
were several little pink hearts.

  Hoover took a good look at the little pink panties and promptly released a
full load of semen into Lois's mouth. The arrival of warm cum in Lois's mouth
was a signal for Lois to grab her own crotch and initiate her own climax.

   "No one would believe my working conditions," thought Hoover recalling how
for the last several weeks, he and Maria Consuela had been fucking like dogs in
heat. Last week, Maria Consuela had brought along another girl, Anna Estelle,
and they had done a three way. Getting my brains fucked out and making good
money doing it was how Hoover characterized it. I'm not sure there's a better
job in America.

   Lois began to work on his cock again. She was licking his balls as she rubbed
a fingertip across his asshole.

  Cindy and Amanda were helping Mike to his feet. He seemed unsteady when he
stood up. The girls put their arms around him and the three walked into the
bedroom. Hoover stopped the recording of the living room and switched the feed
to the bedroom. All the video frames were being written to the hard drive of the
PC's sitting on the end of the table. Cindy was hanging Mike's suit coat on a
hanger. Mike was sitting on the bed. Amanda was bent over with her butt pointed
at Mike's face untying his shoes. Mike reached down and patted her behind. Cindy
came over to unfasten Mike's tie. Next she removed his cuff links. After that,
Cindy unbuttoned his shirt as Amanda removed one shoe then another.

  "I love helping my Daddy undress," said Amanda as she pulled Mike's socks off
looking very proud of herself. Hoover was surprised at how the girls carefully
undressed Mike then neatly folded his clothes and placed them on a wooden valet
in the corner of the room. Finally, Cindy unbuckled his belt, unhooked his pant
waist, and then unzipped his fly. Each girl grabbed a trouser leg and they
pulled Mike's pants off. Again, Cindy carefully placed his trousers over a
wooden hanger arranging the material so the crease was maintained.

  "I want to see Daddy's penis," squealed Amanda who jumped up on the bed and
attempted to pull Mike's boxer shorts down.

  "There's not a bigger slut in New England than my Amanda," said Lois taking
her mouth off Hoover's cock in order to make that comment. Hoover wanted to say,
"Her mother's not exactly Queen Victoria," but thought better of it. Lois was a
more than competent cocksucker. Handling Troy's nine inches had certainly
prepared her to deal with Hoover's ten inches. Lois could deep throat him to
where her nose was buried in his pubic hair and her tongue was licking his
balls. A buddy of Hoover's had once declared, "Lesbians give the best blow jobs,
they're oral fixated." Hoover was inclined to agree. On the other hand, he knew
that Candace Williams was actually the best. But then again, Candace seemed to
be a species all her own.

  Although Hoover considered himself a careful observer and a student of human
nature, he couldn't begin to solve the mystery of Candace Williams.

  Candace can out fuck, out fight, and out smart any member of the human race,
plus she's very beautiful. She has my complete loyalty. Others around her are
just as loyal. Personally, I would die for her and I don't know why. I know all
this to be true and I have no idea what its all about, its just one big fucking
mystery was how Hoover summed it up.

  Cindy and Amanda were tugging Mike's boxers off. As soon as Mike's cock was
free, Amanda made a grab for it.

  "I love to feel Daddy's big penis," said Amanda as she fondled Mike's cock
with one hand.

  "Oh, that feels good, keep playing with Daddy's penis," moaned Mike from the
bed.

  "Let's get naked like Daddy," said Cindy. The girls quickly stripped down to
their panties. Cindy wrapped her arms around Amanda and the two of them kissed.
Then Amanda started to suck on Cindy's nipples.

  "I want to see you two kiss each other's pussies," said Mike who had propped
himself up on one arm to watch the two girls. Cindy and Amanda lay down in the
sixty-nine position right beside Mike and began to eat each other. Amanda was on
top. Mike began to slowly rub Amanda's butt.

  "Please, put your finger in me, Daddy," pleaded Amanda.

  Mike obliged her by slipping his index finger slowly into the opening of
Amanda's pussy. Mike then raised himself up, used his other hand to part
Amanda's butt cheeks. Mike leaned down and licked between Amanda's butt crack.

  "Oh, Daddy's kissing my bottom. That feels so good."

  "Shit, here comes another load," said Hoover as he released once again in
Lois's mouth.

  "That makes two, I'm expecting a long hard fuck," said Lois.

  "Don't worry, you'll get it."

  "Scoot down a little bit, so I can work on your asshole. You don't mind a rim
job do you?" said Lois.

  Hoover returned his attention to the monitors. He zoomed a camera to catch
Mike's face licking the crack of Amanda's butt. He zoomed in further for a
close-up of Mike's tongue slowly tracing a path of saliva along both globes of
Amanda's ass.

   "Would be a hell of a porn flick if Mike wasn't old and fat," thought Hoover.
Lois's tongue was slowly teasing his brown hole.

  "Kiss my bottom Daddy, it feels so good," cooed Amanda as she reached back to
pull her butt cheeks apart so Mike could get his tongue on her butt hole.

  "Daddy's little girl has the sweetest little hole," said Mike. It was obvious
that Mike was really getting aroused. His penis was erect enough to be visible
below the lowest ring of fat around his middle.

  "Amanda's not bothered by the fact that Congressman Mike's a fat pig,"
whispered Hoover to Lois.

  "Amanda's fucked worse. She once did a four hundred pound lawyer and his three
hundred pound wife. I thought they'd smother her to death in a sea of fat,"
replied Lois taking her mouth off Hoover's anal ring to reply.

  "Why'd she do that?"

  "The wife paid us $4000. It was a birthday present for her husband."

  Cindy and Amanda had gotten Mike into the table position. Cindy was on her
back with her head between Mike's legs slowly sucking his cock. Amanda was
holding Mike's huge butt cheeks apart. Her hands looked tiny compared to the
huge dimpled globes of Mike's rear. Amanda was licking his asshole, probing it
with her tongue.

  "I got to have some of my little girl's pussy before I cum," said Mike raising
his face out of the pillow. Mike rolled over on his back. Cindy helped Amanda
slip Mike's cock inside her pussy. Once Mike's cock was inside Amanda, Cindy
concentrated on sucking Amanda's puffy little nipples.

  "Oh Daddy, it's so big," said Amanda as she started to gently rock back and
forth causing Mike's cock to penetrate her. Amanda would move to where only tip
of his cock was in her hole, and then she would push forward until it was buried
as deep as it would go. Hoover focused a camera on Amanda's face. He was
surprised at the look of pleasure and concentration.

  "She certainly enjoys her work but she keeps her act together," said Hoover.

  "That's my little Amanda, the ultimate thirteen year old cock lover," replied
Lois. Lois was working a finger in Hoover's ass as she returned to sucking his
cock. "God, I'm crazy about big dicks." Lois was pressing Hoover's hard cock
against the side of her cheek.

  "Oh, I felt Daddy put his stuff in me, let's do it again," said Amanda as she
felt Mike climax in her pussy.

  "Daddy's got to rest a minute," said Mike. It had been a long day. If Amanda
hadn't been the hottest little piece of young girl ass Mike had screwed in a
long time, he would have just rolled over and gone to sleep. But Mike decided he
was up for one more fuck. "Let me cuddle up with my sweet little daughters for a
few minutes, then Daddy will put his penis in your pussy one more time," said
Mike. Amanda and Cindy lay on each side of Mike. He put his arms around them and
hugged them to his chest.

  Cindy gently rubbed Mike's large belly as Amanda returned to kissing Mike's
lips. Hoover watched as Cindy and Amanda attempted to get Mike hard again. The
two girls went to work on his cock and balls. Amanda could get a surprising
length of Mike's cock in her small mouth.

  Lois had certainly achieved making him hard for the third time. Lois stood up
and took her jeans and panties off.

  "I have to keep watching the screen," said Hoover.

  "I know that. Just scoot down to the edge of the chair. I'll get under the
table on all fours and you can fuck me dog style," said Lois as she climbed back
under the table. Hoover moved forward to where he was on the very front edge of
the chair.

  "You must want it bad," said Hoover.

  "Hey, I'm a whore, what do you expect, when whores see a big cock like yours,
they always have to get it in their twats."

   Lois backed her rear up to Hoover, reached between her legs then slowly
slipped it in her hole.

   "Oh fuck, that fills me up," said Lois. "That's touching me places I haven't
been touched in years."

  "Feels good to me too," said Hoover.

  "You keep watching the monitors, let me do the work," said Lois as she slowly
began to move back and forth driving Hoover's cock into her cunt. Hoover saw on
the monitor that Cindy was shoving a pillow under the Congressman's butt to
elevate it. That would allow the girls better access to his cock, balls and
asshole. Cindy produced a plastic bottle of AstroGlide from somewhere, squirted
it on her fingers then pushed an index finger in Mike's ass. Mike moaned as
Cindy went in as far as it would go.

  "Does Daddy want to eat his little girl's pussy?" asked Amanda as she climbed
on top of Mike. Mike mumbled something and Amanda repositioned herself to where
her little cunt was directly over Mike's mouth. Hoover watched as Mike's tongue
parted Amanda's labia.

  "Mike's eating his own cream pie," said Hoover.

  "Don't get jealous. I'll let you eat your cream pie in a minute," said Lois
concentrating on the pleasure that Hoover's cock was proving her vagina. Lois
was stroking her clitoris as she rocked back and forth on Hoover's ten inches.

   "Fuck yes, It's just as good as Maria Consuela said it was," intoned Lois.

  Cindy was finger fucking Mike's ass and sucking his balls and stroking his
cock in a well-coordinated ballet of sexual stimulation. Mike's cock was coming
alive again. Cindy reached over the edge of the bed and pulled an anal probe
from under the mattress. It was about a foot long with a large rubber ball on
the end. Cindy forced the rubber ball inside Mike's sphincter. Hoover could hear
Mike let out a long breath as Cindy deliberately pushed the probe up Mike's
rectum until the latex handle reached his asshole. Cindy started a routine of
drawing the probe back out until the ball was pushing out Mike's sphincter then
pushing it back until it was as far as it would go. Cindy maintained this
routine as she sucked and licked Mike's cock.

  "Give Daddy a little squirt of your wee wee," whispered Mike to Amanda.

  "Open wide, Daddy," said Amanda.

  Hoover zoomed in to catch Mike's open mouth capturing a stream of yellow piss
that sprayed from Amanda's piss hole. Hoover also managed to capture Mike's
throat action as he swallowed.

  "Amanda's giving the Congressman a squirt," said Mike.

  "She likes golden showers, sometimes she and I piss all over each other when
we eat pussy."

  "Give me a wee wee kiss, Daddy," said Amanda as she bent over and tongue
kissed Mike.

  "If Amanda's got limits, I sure like to know what they are," said an impressed
Mike wondering how many thirteen year old girls were willing to kiss a mouth
they just pissed into.

  Cindy had removed the anal probe. She had acquired a string of soft red rubber
balls and was liberally coating each one with AstroGlide then pushing it inside
the Congressman's butt hole. When Cindy was done, there were eight of the
four-inch rubber balls inside Mike's rectum. Only the black cord was visible,
hanging out Mike's butt hole.

  "I feel like a big shit in my butt. I'm going to get on top and fuck my little
girl's pussy," said Mike as she rolled over on Amanda. Mike was dripping sweat.
Cindy elevated Amanda's bottom with a pillow then helped Mike to slip his cock
inside her. The Congressman's girth required the girls to be flexible. Once his
cock was in Amanda's cunt, the Congressman did a reasonable job of pumping away.
Amanda legs clinched the sides of Mike's waist. She pumped upward to meet Mike's
downward stroke.

  "I'm going to blow," said a hot sweaty Mike Harrington who was breathing hard.

  "I think they could fuck him to death," said Hoover.

  Cindy predicted he would go sound asleep after this," said Lois maintaining
her slow pulsing fuck of Hoover's cock.

  Hoover watched as Cindy pulled the balls out of Mike's ass. One by one each
ball emerged. You could tell the corded anal balls were prolonging Mike's
orgasm. When his climax was over, he was barely able to fall to the side. Amanda
scampered from underneath Mike. Mike rolled over on his back and closed his
eyes. The two girls snuggled up close on each side of him and pretended to go to
sleep.

  Cindy waited for Mike's breathing to turn into a snore before she untangled
herself from his arm and sat up. She slowly got up off the bed. Amanda copied
Cindy and soon both girls were standing beside the bed putting their clothes
back on. Cindy picked up the AstroGlide, anal probe, and corded anal balls. Both
girls walked quietly out of the room.

  "They're coming back, the Congressman has been caught on computer fucking a
minor, his ass is finished," said Hoover.

  "Good, I'll let them in. They can watch while you fuck me," said Lois climbing
out from under the table. Lois went to the door and opened it a crack. Cindy and
Amanda pushed it open and enter the suite.

  "I need to be fucked, I'm so damn horny," announced Amanda as she entered the
room.

  "Me too, God look at Hoover's schlong, Maria Consuela said it was a dangerous
weapon," said Cindy reaching toward Hoover's still hard cock as he entered the
room behind Lois.

  "I get to go first, you girls eat each other while I fuck Hoover," said Lois
leading everyone toward the bedroom.

  "He's bigger than Daddy," said Amanda getting a determined look in her eye.

  "I need a real fuck," said Cindy.

  During the next ninety minutes, Hoover surprised himself by managing to dump a
load into the twats of all three women.  He was just climbing off Cindy when he
saw Candace entering the suite. Candace looked at the three women and Hoover and
smiled. Hoover hurried over to report to Candace.

  "We got everything captured in digital video," said Hoover realizing he was
standing there naked talking to a fully dressed Candace.

  "Just print off a half dozen revealing frames," said Candace reaching down to
take Hoover's limp cock in her hand. "Looks like you got nothing left for me."

  "I was raped," said Hoover ruefully. "Those women are animals."

  "Come get in bed with us," said Cindy as she entered he room and kissed
Candace.

  "We can have an orgy," said Amanda as she hopped in Candace's lap and kissed
her.

  "All right, but first I have to go next door and see Congressman Mike on
business. You girls play with Hoover until I get back."

  Hoover used the PC's video editing software to locate some very clear frames
of Mike and Amanda. When Candace approved, he selected 'Print' and the HP color
printer attached to the computer slowly created a letter size color image. While
Candace and Hoover were working, a naked little Amanda sat in Candace's lap.

  "Will you let me eat your pussy, Candace," asked Amanda.

  "Yes, as soon as I get back from next door," responded Candace.

  In a matter of minutes, Candace was using the plastic key card to open the
door of Suite 1224. Candace walked quickly into the bedroom and pulled up a
chair beside the nude sleeping body of Congressman Harrington. The Congressman
had rolled over on his back and was snoring loudly.

  Candace took a moment to take a final look at the pages in the folder then
reached over and pinched the Congressman's nostril's shut. He came awake with a
loud yell.

  "What the fuck! You girls leave me alone. Daddy needs a nap."

  "Wake up, Congressman," said Candace.

  "What the hell you doing here?" Mike was awake enough to realize he was
talking to a fully clothed Candace Williams. He reached down to pull the cover
over his naked body. Candace put her hand on the cover and stopped him.

  "Let's just stay as we are," said Candace.

  "Get the fuck away from me. Where are Amanda and Cindy? What have you done
with them?"

  "They're relaxing nearby. Now quiet down, I have something to discuss with
you."

  "I don't want to talk to you. Get the hell out of my room," yelled Mike.

  Candace reached over and slapped Mike across the face. His head snapped to the
side from the force of the blow and a trickle of blood appeared out of a
nostril.

  "Be quiet or I'll be forced to tie you up and gag you," said Candace.

  "You bitch, you hit me, and I'm bleeding," said Mike one hand holding his
bruised cheek.

  "Either shut up or I'll go to work on these," said Candace taking Mike's balls
in one hand and twisting them.

  "Ouch, that hurts. Let go, I'll be quiet. Just don't hit me anymore." The
Congressman feeling a steel grip surround his nuts immediately decided to
cooperate.

  "Now that I have your attention, take a look at these," said Candace handing
Mike the manila folder of screen captures.

  "Jesus, how did you get these?" said Mike trying to think if there was any way
humanly possible he could get out of this.

  "That's not important. What is important is that I have digital video images
of you having sex with a nineteen-year-old intern that works in your office
along with her eleven year old cousin. Sex with anyone under fourteen is a
serious felony offence in Massachusetts carrying a mandatory sentence of fifteen
to life with no parole. Even fifteen years at your age is a life sentence."

  "You entrapped me, this is a setup," said Mike starting to cry.

  "Yes, I did. Now quit blubbering. It would take months for you to prove
entrapment if you could. By that time, your life would be in ruins. Pedophilia
seems to turn most people's stomach even if it was entrapment."

  "What do you want?" asked Mike defeated.

  "Tomorrow, you announce you are withdrawing from the race for health reasons.
We'll appear together, all hugs and smiles. I've reserved a room at the
Hawthorne Hotel in Salem. You'll strongly endorse me. I'll praise you for your
long service to the Commonwealth. I have a speech for you to read.  After that,
you can leave for Boca Raton or wherever. You've got plenty of money, $19million
should keep you and Nora happy," said Candace.

  "Shit, I didn't even know that. $19million you say. I guess that's enough to
last me," said Mike.

  " I intended to beat you fair and square. Then I found out you planned to have
the Election Commission manufacture enough votes for a victory. Are we in
agreement?"

  "What fucking choice do I have?"

  "None, unless you want to become a pariah. I doubt even the Election
Commission would stand by you after these pictures were made public."

  "I got to hand it to you. You really screwed me out of my seat," said Mike
deciding it was over and he might as well accept it. "I'm getting kind of tired
of Congress, anyway. It ain't the fun it used to be."

  "Good, then we're agreed."

  "Yes, I'll be there. When do I get the video back?"

  "You want it to jerk off to or would you prefer it be destroyed?"

  "I just need the originals," said Mike.

  "After my election, you can have it. I'll see you tomorrow at 1:00PM at the
Hawthorne Hotel. I'll notify the press that there will be a major announcement."

  "I'll be there," said Mike.

  "Good, then I'll leave you to get dressed," said Candace as she got up to
leave.

  "If I'd won, I as going to offer you a job on my staff."

  "That would have been a smart thing to do. However, you didn't win. I suggest
you dress, go home and get some sleep. Your limo is still waiting downstairs."
Candace said over her shoulder as she walked out of the room.

  "Dumb fuck doesn't realize there's no suck thing as 'originals' in digital
video, said Hoover as Candace re-entered Suite 1222. Hoover was back on the bed
with the three women. Amanda was on top of Hoover slowly lowering and raising
herself on Hoover's enormous dick. Cindy and Lois were busy eating each other's
pussy.

  "Look at me Candace, This is fun, it's bigger than my daddy's'," said Amanda.
"Have you ever fucked Hoover, Candace?"

  "Once but under different circumstances," said Candace.

  "What do you want me to do with the video?" asked Hoover.

  "Get rid of it after the election, it's not something we want to keep around
for ever. I feel like a hot sweaty group grope to celebrate," said Candace as
she removed her suit coat and started unbuttoning her blouse.




Chapter 19 - Reward for a Job Well Done



Please take note! Adults Only Literature

The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written for
adults only.

If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing this
file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
now.

This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
is purely coincidental, etc.

Copyright 2003

                                                                ****

  "Oh, yes, that's it, squeeze it, squeeze it hard, get all that cum," said Dan
as he sensed that he was about to pump his semen into Candace's butt.

   Dan was standing on the bed, crouched over Candace who was on all fours with
her face on the mattress and her rear pointed toward the ceiling. Dan was
fucking downward at almost a ninety-degree angle. The fingers of Candace's left
hand were a blur as she manipulated her engorged button. Both of her buttocks
were fiery red from the powerful openhanded slaps that Dan had been delivering
with alternating hands.

  Feeling Dan's cock convulse in her asshole, Candace released her own orgasm.
Candace tightened her butt muscles around Dan's cock determined to get all
possible cum deposited deep in her rectum.

  She collapsed forward onto her face with Dan clinging to her back as he pumped
everything he had into her rectum. Both of them were dripping sweat.

  "Don't move, I want to feel it slowly go soft in my ass" whispered Candace. "I
love the feeling of your cum slowly seeping out my asshole. It makes me feel
like the ultimate whore."

  Candace and Dan were in a suite at the Four Seasons Hotel. The suite
overlooked Boston's Public Gardens. Beacon Street was covered with tourists and
shoppers that fall Saturday afternoon. Candace and Dan had decided they needed
some time together after the election for serious sex. They also had some things
to celebrate, Dan's promotion to Controller and Candace's election victory.

  Candace reserved an executive suite for the weekend. The Four Seasons
management had seen that the newly elected Congresswoman had their very best
accommodation. Each room contained a huge arrangement of fresh flowers.

  Candace and Dan had been screwing off and on since lunch. There were sex toys
scattered over the bed. There was a large half empty plastic bottle of
Astro-Glide lying on a pillow beside Candace's head. Two used French tickers lay
on the floor beside the bed.

  Latex surgical gloves stained with shit were lying on a bath towel beside the
bed. There was an open can of Crisco on the same towel. Dan had recently
discovered the intense pleasure of being fist fucked while Candace sucked his
cock. At the end, Candace had gone all the way to her forearm while her mouth
took his cock down her throat. Dan had been on his back with a large goose down
pillow propping up his ass.

  The sensation of her latex covered hand deep in his colon while her throat
massaged his cock had resulted in an awesome climax for Dan. Candace had taken
her time and intensified the pleasure.

  "Fist me," said Dan as soon as they returned from downstairs in the hotel's
Bristol Lounge.

  "Does my baby want me to stir his shit?" said Candace as she wrapped her arms
around Dan and kissed him.

  "Yes, I want you in all the way to your elbow. Tickle my guts with your
fingers," said Dan.

  "I thought you might suggest that so I brought these," said Candace walking
over to a small carrying bag and extracting a can of Crisco and a box of latex
of surgical gloves. Dan stripped naked, climbed on top of the bed, managing to
place a very large and firm pillow under his butt.

  "My, aren't we eager to have our shit stirred," commented Candace.

  Candace started slowly working a small amount of Crisco into Dan's rectum
using first one then two fingers.

  "Are you going to open up for me?" teased Candace as she applied a small
amount of pressure to Dan's anal ring.

  "Oh yes, God, I've been looking forward to this all week. How many fingers,"
breathed Dan?

  "Two, but you're so tight, inhale then exhale three times in a slow controlled
manner and I'll give you three fingers," said Candace.

  "Oh yes, work my hole, stretch it out, I want it all," said Dan as he executed
rhythmic controlled breaths in an attempt to release the tension in his asshole.

  "Now, there are three little Indians in your ass, can you feel the pressure,"
asked Candace as she rotated her fingers using the other hand to push more
Crisco into Dan's opening hole?

  Candace took her fingers out, noting with satisfaction that Dan's anus didn't
completely close.

  "Yes, yes, yes, this is so good, it reminds me of when Uncle Mike used to fist
fuck me," said Dan.

  "And everybody watched?" said Candace.

  "Yes, at the Mark Hopkins, all of his friends were there jerking their cocks,
wishing their hands were in my ass. One of the bellman came by to deliver food
and Uncle Mike insisted he stay and let me suck his cock while Uncle Mike fisted
me.

  "Maybe later, we'll go find a bellman, perhaps more than one, and we'll both
suck them off. But right now, it's going to be just you and me," said Candace
leaning down to lick the underside of Dan's cock. Her tongue followed the ridge
of skin that began at his balls and ended under the tip of his dick.

  "My God that was great," breathed Dan enjoying the sensations Candace's hand
and mouth were creating.

  "Four fingers now, only the thumb to go, you want it all, don't you?"

  "Yea, give me more, I want it to hurt," said Dan raising his legs to grasp his
ankles so he could pull his legs back toward his head and expose his rectum
further.

  "My hand is going in right now," said Candace as she slipped her hand past
Dan's anal ring. She looked down to see that the ring formed a tight band around
her wrist. Candace twisted her hand left and then right.

  "Oh fuck yes, your little Danny boy loves Momma's hand in his ass," said Dan.

  "And Momma loves to work her boy's hole," said Candace as she removed her hand
recoated it in Crisco and once more slid it inside Dan's butt ring. Candace
repeated this several times. Each time Dan moaned appreciatively.

  "Fist me, Momma, fist fuck your son," said Dan.

  "Momma's making a fist right now," said Candace as she clinched her fingers
and thumb together to form a fist right inside Dan's rectum. Once again, Candace
rotated her closed fist as she took Dan's cock in her mouth.

  "I'm ready, Momma, do me," said Dan.

  Candace slowly forced her closed fist up Dan's colon. As she reached her
elbow, the fist encountered a large turd. Candace opened her fist and wrapped
her fingers around the turd.

  "Momma's going to pull her boy's shit right out of his asshole," said Candace
as she carefully coaxed the turd down Dan's colon. Candace let the turd ago when
it reached Dan's anus.

  "Now, Momma's going to eat some of her Danny boy's shit," said Candace as she
leaned down and placed her mouth around the partially open butt hole. "You push
your shit right out into Momma's mouth."

  Dan felt Candace's lips surrounding his rectum. He focused his muscles to push
the turd out. He felt his turd being sucked into Candace's mouth as she greedily
chewed his shit up and swallowed it. When the turd had exited his butt, Candace
sensuously licked his anus clean.

  "Now pee in your Momma's mouth so her belly will be full of your piss and
shit," said Candace taking his cock between her shit-stained lips. Dan found the
control needed to initiate a long slow urination of strong yellow pee that
Candace greedily gulped down.

  "All Momma needs now is your cum and her belly will have the perfect
cocktail," said Candace as she began to suck Dan's cock. While she sucked his
cock, she re-inserted one hand inside his bowels and rhythmically fisted him
until he released a load of semen into Candace's mouth.

  Afterwards, they had showered together to clean the shit off. While in the
shower, Dan had gotten hard again. Candace produced a French Tickler covered
with hard rubber spines. Dan fucked Candace up against the shower wall until he
dropped his second load. Candace had pulled the French Tickler off his cock and
squeezed the contents onto her tongue and swallowed them.

  "Nothing wrong with cold cum," said Candace as she kissed Dan.

  After that, Candace had to work to get him hard again. She was interested in
the long slow ass fuck they had just finished. Candace reveled in the feeling of
Dan's cum slowly tricking out of her asshole. It was almost 5:00PM when Dan
finished in her rear. They didn't have dinner reservations until 9:00PM.

  Candace relaxed in the afterglow of a good fuck as she watched people walking
through the park below. Dan spoke first.

  "That was incredible, you're the best, nothing like a Zed-316 butt fuck."

  "Zed-316 girls are designed to have the type of dynamic, total pleasure
assholes that earthmen adore."

  "And they never get shit on your dick even when you pack theirs down, why is
that?"

  "Careful genetic engineering. Oh my, it always feels so good when your cock
goes soft and retracts from my asshole, then it pops out and I'm empty. Did you
enjoy that?"

  "Enjoy would be an understatement, ass fucking you is a positively mind
blowing experience. When my cock's in there, the walls of your rectum are
massaging every inch. No one can do that but you."

  "Are you pleased with the new Candace?"

  "I'm ecstatic. Six months ago, if you had asked me what were the chances I
would have anal intercourse with the Congressman elect of Massachusetts' Twelfth
District, I would have replied 'not a chance in Hell'. Now I just had my cock in
her cum filled bum. Cum I put there by the way."

  "Well the old Candace was far too uptight. She has a lot of bad years to make
up to you."

  "You're doing an excellent job of that, you and all your helpers."

  "Speaking of helpers, do you think Tracy will be okay?" Candace was referring
to Tracy Spellman, a college student who had moved in with them this past week.
Tracy was enrolled as a freshman at Tuft's in nearby Medford, Massachusetts.

  "Yes, I do. She's cute as a button, a little blonde cheerleader type. You half
expected her to don a cheerleading outfit and lead the family in cheers.

  "Have her do that if that's a fantasy of yours."

  "Briana certainly took to her. She seems to have a way with our little girl.
She and Anna Estelle hit if off too. They were chattering away when I left.
Tracy mentioned that her parents owned a chain of newspapers."

  "Ron and Irene Spellman are the majority stockholders in Gannett. Gannett is
the countries' largest with ninety-four newspapers and several radio and
television stations. There's none in Massachusetts but Gannett has a strong
presence in many of our larger states.  The Spellman's asked us to watch out for
her while she goes to Tufts. Their media outlets are going to support my
political career. That's confidential by the way. That's why she's living with
us, rather than in a dorm or an apartment."

  "I didn't realize that. Is she going to be like Maria Consuela and Anna
Estelle?"

  "If by that you mean can you fuck her any time you want, the answer is yes.
She knows her duties. I hate to take Maria Consuela with me to Washington but I
need her computer skills. Who would have thought a nineteen-year-old girl from
Guatemala with no college education would turn into a first class software
engineer?"

  "I understand. I'm fine with Tracy replacing Maria Consuela. As long as Tracy
knows how to bend over and grab her ankles when I need her to, everything will
be fine."

  "She's on the gymnastic team at Tufts. She can bend in ways you can only
imagine. Plus she's like Anna Estelle. She needs the feel of a whip on her butt.
I know you like to make them scream. Now, you and Bernice have two slaves to
whip."

  "How do you know that?"

  "Bernice told me. She's the one who set this up with Tracy and her mother.
Tracy's the type who'll come to you with a whip in her teeth, tell you she made
a mistake and ask to be punished. So whip her hard occasionally and fuck her
whenever you want."

  "Yes, Ma'am. I'll do that. Have you found an apartment in DC?"

  "All taken care of. It's being furnished this weekend. Its' four bedrooms so
there's plenty of room for you and Briana to visit any time you want"

  "I know Congressman make $153,500 and there's lot of perks but it's still
going to be tight maintaining two households even with my promotion. You
shouldn't have spent all that money on me this morning."

  "Money is not a concern nor will it ever be again. I have funds to take care
of all my DC expenses. I wanted the new Corporate Controller of Raytheon to be
properly dressed. I'm very proud of your promotion."

  "I'm not sure even my boss buys his clothes at Louis. Those Brioni suit costs
$3,000 each and you made me buy three of them. With the raincoat, top coat,
shirts, ties, and shoes, what did it all come to?"

  "Little over $16,000, you have an account there now. If you need anything
else, just charge it and the bill will go to my office in DC. I got you
something else by the way," said Candace getting up from the bed and walking
nude across the room. Dan felt his cock stirring as he watched his wife bend
over and remove a small box from her handbag.

  "This is for being supportive during the campaign," said Candace handing the
box to Dan.

  "It's a Rolex," shouted Dan as he opened the box.

  "Do you like it?"

  "It's incredible. I won't ask what it cost," said Dan as he placed the watch
on his wrist.



  Later, Candace lay awake listening to Dan's breathing. They were supposed to
be taking a nap before getting dressed for dinner but sleep wouldn't come. She
thought about the last few days. It was a week after the November election. Her
name had been the only one on the ballot for the Twelfth District. Mike
Harrington was retired and living in Florida. Candace was the wunderkind of
Massachusetts's politics.  Her come from nowhere surprising victory and good
looks had attracted even a small amount of national attention.

  Yesterday, Friday, she had been leaving a luncheon at the Marriott Peabody. It
was one she had organized to thank all the people who had worked in her
campaign. Candace was saying goodbye to some of the last to leave when a black
stretch Mercedes with heavily tinted windows appeared at the curb in front of
her. Candace heard her name called as the rear window rolled down.

  "Candace, can I have a moment with you?"

  Candace looked in the car window at the face of Father Gregory; rather it was
the man who presented himself as Father Gregory at the retreat. Candace saw the
clerical apparel was gone. He was wearing a dark gray suit with a faint stripe.
An elegant hand with manicured nails was extended toward her.

  The chauffeur opened the door for Candace and she stepped into the car.

  "Water?" asked Father Gregory holding out a bottle of Poland Springs toward
Candace. Candace took the bottle, opened it and took a swallow.

  "Thank you. I thought I'd see you before now. It's been six months," said
Candace.

  "My Lord said I was to leave everything to you and not interfere. He wanted to
see how well you could do on your own using the help he had already provided. It
was a test."

  "And how well did I do?"

  "My Lord is very pleased. He believes you to be the one. He told me that he
had been so encouraged since January 1933."

  "When Hitler became Chancellor of Germany?"

  "Correct, January 30th to be exact at 10:00AM when Hitler was sworn in as
Chancellor. You would have loved being in Berlin in those days. Von Papen handed
Hitler the government of the best-educated and most powerful nation on earth and
he didn't give it back for twelve wonderful years. Excitement was in the air.
I'd spent the previous evening dining with Von Papen, Goering, Hugenberg, and
Krupp. The Fuhrer had persuaded both Hugenberg and Krupp to fire all their
Jewish employees. It was just a whiff of wonderful things to come."

  "After dinner, Goering and I retired to his hunting lodge at Karinhall where
two racially-perfect Aryan boys were waiting. Hermann loved to dress as a woman
and then suck cock and be buggered. That night he played the part of a French
prostitute. He made us call him Emmanuelle and insisted on doing this awful
striptease down to a slip and bra. He was quite skilled as a cross dresser. He
sang a love song in a falsetto as he danced. Some French whore had taught him
the words during the first world war."

  "These two beautiful boys and I took turns plowing the asshole of Germany's
greatest living air ace. Of course, he had started to gain considerable weight
by that time and wouldn't have any longer fit in the cockpit of his Fokker
tri-plane. I can always remember those two boys pumping away in the future Reich
Marshall. Lipstick and make-up smeared all over his face. His slip hiked up to
reveal this extraordinarily white ass. A fond memory, Candace, my Lord is
counting on you to exceed Herr Hitler and provide your own share of memories."

  "I serve my Lord and will do as he bids to the best I am able."

  "Good, let me briefly describe what is expected. You will serve four years in
the House of Representatives. While in Washington, you will become a protege of
Senator Kennedy and a close friend of his wife and family. The Honorable Senator
Edward M. Kennedy will retire in four years and you will run for his seat with
his backing. Four years after being elected Senator, you will run for an even
higher office. My Lord has arranged for several of the nation's richest and most
powerful men and women to promote your elections just as Hugenberg and Krupp
helped Hitler. Money will be made available in whatever amounts are required."

  "My Lord is too generous."

  "He has something else for you. It's a personal gift. Something he knows you
will love. I'm going to get out at the next corner. The driver will take you to
the Veterans Hospital in Bedford. Doctor Indira Fogarty will meet you. She is
expecting you."

  "May I ask what it is?"

  "My Lord wants it to be surprise."



  Candace sipped water and relaxed on the drive to Bedford. Doctor Fogarty was
waiting under the portico for Candace.

  "Ms. Williams, welcome to the Edith Nourse Rogers Memorial Veterans Hospital,
Congratulations on your victory in the election," said the tall thin Indian
woman who held out her hand as soon as the chauffer opened the car door.

  "Thank you, Call me Candace, please."

  "I will. And call me Indira. I know you are very busy. Let's go to my office
and I'll bring you up to date on Sgt. Lasker and Lt. Claiborne." 

  Moments later, Candace was seated in Dr. Fogarty's office. A thick folder of
documents rested in her lap. The outside of the folder identified the contents
as concerning Tech. Sgt. Thomas Wendell Lasker. There was another folder on the
desk labeled Lt. Oliver Claiborne.

  "You can read the complete folders at your convenience. I can summarize if you
like," said Dr. Fogarty.

  "Please do."

  "Sgt. Lasker, he's called Wendell by the way, was a member of an M-1 Abrams
tank crew. During Dessert Storm, his armored brigade was assigned to break
through Iraqi lines to seek and destroy an Iraqi armored unit. The brigade was
highly successful and destroyed some 32 Iraqi T-72 tanks without suffering any
losses, quite an accomplishment. Unfortunately, the unit chased the Iraqis some
distance from the main battle and in the confusion an A10 Warthog mistook the
brigade for an Iraqi unit thought to be in that area. Before the correct
identifications could be made, the A10 fired a Maverick anti-tank missile that
penetrated Sgt. Lasker's tank killing everyone except the Sergeant, victims of
'friendly fire.' "

  "How he survived is a miracle. His wounds and burns would normally have been
fatal many times over. The Graves and Registration people discovered the
Sergeant lying under the body of the tank commander. Everyone had assumed that
no one could survive a direct hit. He was burned over ninety five percent of his
body and was given up for dead. They pumped him full of morphine. Based on the
dosage, I think the medic was just trying to give him an easy death."

  "But he survived."

  "Yes, although a good part of his body of his body was burned away and he
suffered major shrapnel wounds. Fortunately, the parts you will be interested in
were not disabled. His penis and gonads were burned and heavily scared but
remains fully functional."

  "Sounds delicious, and his personal background."

  "The Sergeant was born in Baton Rouge, Louisiana twenty nine years ago. He
graduated high school and married his high school sweetheart, a Betty Mae
Seevers. He joined the army immediately after graduation and trained as a tank
driver at Fort Knox. Before he left for the war, he managed to get Betty Mae
pregnant. They had a boy, Kyle, while the Sergeant was overseas. The Sergeant
has never met Kyle. This hospital specializes in treating burns so the Sergeant
was sent here. Records show that his wife visited him twice after he was flown
back to the US. Betty Mae filed for divorce after her second visit. She has
remarried and lives in Baton Rouge. She has a girl and a boy by the second
husband."

  "Other relatives?"

  "None, the Sergeant's mother and father were killed in a car accident when he
was fourteen. An aunt who died five years ago took care of him after that. She
came here once ten years ago but never returned. To most people, he is an
appallingly gruesome sight. Even some members of the staff avoid him. He is
enormously strong, works out in the gym almost every day. He can be violent when
he becomes frustrated. He hasn't really hurt anyone, at least not badly. He has
one close friend, his roommate, Lieutenant Oliver Claiborne, a Marine, who lost
both arms and legs to an Iraqi mine.  Lt. Claiborne is also without family,
that's fortuitous.  It's kind of sweet to see them together. The Lieutenant can
speak and has a normal face but is dependent on the Sergeant for anything that
requires movement. The Sergeant will turn pages as the Lieutenant reads aloud to
him. He carries the Lieutenant to the restroom, bathes him and even wipes his
bottom. They share a room in the dormitory wing of the hospital."

  "I'd like to meet the Sergeant and the Lieutenant."

  Candace followed Dr. Fogarty into an elevator to an upper floor and then down
a long hallway. The doctor used her pass card to open several doors. Finally
they halted at a guard station. The orderly pressed a button and Candace and the
Doctor entered a secure area.

  "How's Sgt. Lasker today? Jamal," Doctor Fogarty asked the orderly.

  "He's fine. He and the Lieutenant been playing chess since lunch," replied the
tall Afro-American orderly.

  Candace followed the doctor down the corridor. They came to a door and Dr.
Fogarty looked in the small glass window. "Here, take a look," she said as she
stood aside for Candace to look through the glass.

  Candace looked for a moment then turned to Dr. Fogarty and said, "He's
magnificent, absolutely beautiful. My Lord rewards me beyond what I deserve.
When was the last time he had sex?"

  "Outside of masturbation only one time that we know of. Four years ago, one of
the nurse's on the ward had intercourse with him. She was new and assigned to
the midnight to eight shift. I'm not sure whether she was acting out of pity,
curiosity, or lust. Penny Tate was a chubby little woman, obviously not too
bright. She brought along a tube of lubricant and she did manage to get it
inside her vagina. I gather Wendell realized what she was doing and reacted as
any man would. He sunk it home and basically fucked her brains out. She said she
felt like a rag doll ridding up and down his pole. He ruptured the lining of her
uterus and she started to hemorrhage. She did manage to get to the nurse's
station and call for help. At first, she claimed he had been raped but the
lubricant tube was found by the bed. She admitted the truth and we terminated
her. Later she tried to sue."

  "How large is it?"

  "Jamal says sixteen inches long and five to seven inches in circumference. He
says it hooks upward and to the left when it's hard. Parts of one side and the
head are heavily scarred and discolored."

  "One fuck in ten years, that's not a lot," said Candace.

  "Jamal says he and Lt. Claiborne occasionally perform oral sex on one another.
Due to Sgt. Lasker's size, all the Lieutenant can do is lick the tip."

  "That makes him all the more interesting. I'm ready to be introduced. I'm wet
already just thinking about it."

  "Would you prefer I have Jamal take Lt. Claiborne outside for some fresh air?"

  "No, he can stay and watch, you can stay too if you like."

  "I'd like that very much. I'm not into cock but I'd love to watch your pussy
being fucked."

  Candace and Indira walked into the room. There was a chessboard spread out on
Lt. Claiborne's bed.

  "Knight to Bishop 3," said Lt. Claiborne as they walked into the room.

  St. Lasker glanced at the two women then returned his eyes to the chessboard
moving the chess piece as instructed.

  "Wendell, there's someone here who wants to meet you," said Indira.

  "Hello Wendell, I'm Candace Williams." Candace felt the heat of lust as she
stared at the scared back. There were ridges of scar tissue running from the top
of the shoulders disappearing into the waistband of the loose fitting green-blue
hospital pants. Wendell's upper torso was bare. There were swirls of hardened
skins on the upper deltoids and the left trapeziums had a deep crease. Wendell
was completely bald. Candace saw there were no ears only holes in the side of
his head.

  "Turn around Wendell. Don't be shy. Ms. Williams has just been elected to
Congress and she came here today just to meet you," said Indira.

  "Go ahead, Wendell, be nice to the lady, maybe she came to look at your cock,"
piped up Lt. Claiborne.

  "As a matter of fact that is the reason, except I plan to do more than look at
it," replied Candace.

  "You're shitting me," said Lt. Claiborne.

  "I'm deadly serious. You must be Oliver?"

  "Wendell, stand up, turn around and say hello to Ms. Williams. If the nice
lady came this far to see your dick, let's make her trip worthwhile. By the way,
Wendell's a human being not a freak."

  Wendell made a grunting sound as she stood up. Candace saw that he was tall,
maybe six foot three or four. There were no eyebrows or even eyelids. One eye
seemed normal where the other was milky white and appeared useless. There wasn't
a nose, just a round hole partially covered by a flap of skin created by a
surgeon's knife. The mouth was also a small perfectly round hole with no lips.
It was slightly off center. One side of Wendell's chest was covered with shinny
dark scar tissue. There was no nipple on that side. The other side was less
scared and there was a nipple but it seemed to be in the wrong place. It was
hard as Candace looked at Sgt. Lasker to find an inch of skin that was not
scarred or at the least discolored.

  "He's a combination of Mel Gibson, Tom Cruise and Ben Affleck with a little
bit of Boris Karlov thrown in," said Lt. Claiborne.

  "He's beautiful," replied Candace reaching up to touch Wendell's chest.
Wendell reacted by lashing out with his hand in an opened palmed slap toward
Candace's face. Candace's hand moved with inhuman quickness to catch Wendell's
arm by the wrist. He looked stunned that the much smaller woman had so quickly
and easily stopped him.

  Candace held Wendell's wrist as she examined his hand except it wasn't really
a hand. It resembled a lobster claw.

  "What the fuck? How the hell did she do that?" asked Lt. Claiborne.

  Candace pressed the claw against her blouse. She imagined how it would feel to
have her nipple in Wendell's surgically created hand.

  "His fingers and thumb were burned off. The surgeons deepened the cleft in his
palm to make him a finger and opposable thumb so he had some capability to
handle things. He uses it quite well. The other hand is in better shape," said
Indira.

  Candace held the deformed hand to her mouth and kissed it. It was hard to
control her lust. She felt moisture slipping down the inside of her thighs. She
released that hand and picked up the other. There was a short thumb and two
fingers. The top joint was missing. The other two fingers had been burned off.
Candace kissed that hand too then released it. This time Wendell stood
motionless as Candace traced her fingers across the scarred chest tissue.

  "You are absolutely magnificent. Let me see your cock," said Candace fighting
hard not to throw Wendell back on the bed and rip his pants off.  

  "Drop your drawers, Wendell. Then the ladies can see what they came to see and
we can get back to our game."

  "Queen to King's Rook -6 and mate in two. Game's over, Allow me" said Candace
as she reached forward and pulled the drawstring that held up Wendell's pants.
They dropped to the floor. Candace looked at the largest cock she had ever seen.
It was already starting to get hard. Candace reached down and took it in her
hand and hefted it. It had patches of burn scars along one side and there was
another scar partially covering the cock head. Candace was having trouble not
dropping to her knees and taking it in her mouth.

  "Lady, Ms. Williams, what's going on?" asked Lt. Claiborne sounding alarmed.

  Before Candace could reply, Sgt. Lasker emitted a string of high-pitched
sounds. Candace thought they were words but she couldn't understand what was
said. She knew from Sgt. Lasker's file that shrapnel had entered through his
cheek and sheared off most of his tongue. Intense heat had damaged his vocal
cords. Candace moved her hand up and down the hardening cock. Sgt. Lasker became
increasing agitated and spoke another string of unintelligible words.

  "He says he doesn't want to hurt you. He thinks you're pretty. He doesn't
understand," said Lt. Claiborne.

  "I think you're the most beautiful man I've ever seen. Don't worry. You won't
hurt me. I'm going to get undressed and we're going to have sex," said Candace
as she slipped her suit jacket off and began to unbutton her blouse. Indira
Fogarty stood up, pulled her dress over her head, and pulled down her pantyhose
and panties. Then she sat down in an armchair and dropped her legs over the
chair arms and started to masturbate. Indira wasn't one of those women who
shaved her cunt. She was of Hindu extraction and had a full growth of black hair
forming a wide black swath of hair that reached from one pelvic bone to another.

  Indira parted the hair, and then pulled the labia apart to expose an engorged
clitoris. She spit on her fingers and began to rub a small circle around her
clit.

  "Pardon me for rushing but I just can't resist. Oh shit this feels good. I've
been horny as hell just thinking about this," said Indira as her fingers went to
work.  

  "Just lay on your back, Wendell, and let me do all the work," said Candace as
she reached behind her and unsnapped her bra. Sgt Lasker stood perfectly still
as Candace unzipped her skirt and let it fall to the floor then kicked off her
pumps. Pantyhose and panties quickly followed. In a second, Candace was
completely naked.

  "Ms. Williams, you should know that cock of his is a weapon. He really injured
a nurse who screwed him a few years back," said Lt. Claiborne.

  "He won't hurt me. Just relax Lieutenant. I'll fuck you too before I leave."

  "Jesus Christ, are you people nuts? All right, slip that into your snatch,
it's your funeral."

  "I'll get on top, just lie back and let me do all the work," said Candace as
she put her hand on Sgt. Lasker's chest and pushed him gently back onto the bed.
Candace positioned Wendell in the center of the bed then spread his legs and got
between them. She licked her finger and lightly touched the tip of his cock. It
twitched when Candace's wet digit swirled around the piss hole.

  "What a fucking time to be without any hands," said Lt. Claiborne who was
trying to figure a way to at least get out of his pajamas and rub his cock
against the bed.

  "Relax, Oliver, I take care of you as soon as Wendell and I enjoy a couple of
fucks. Maybe we'll do a three way."

  "If you put Wendell's dick in your twat, the good Doctor here's going to have
to sew it up for you."

  Candace leaned forward and swirled her tongue around the cock head. Wendell
made a series of hissing sounds then emitted several high-pitched squeals.

  "What did he say?" Candace asked Oliver.

  "He said he's going to cum on your face."

  "Cum in my mouth, Wendell. I'm going to swallow every drop of your load. Then
I'm going to get you hard again and we are going to fuck."

  Candace extended her jaw and took the cock head into her mouth continuing to
work the piss hole with the tip of her tongue. Each of Candace's hand was slowly
massaging a giant gonad. They felt the size of grapefruits in her hands. As
Wendell got more excited, she felt his balls being drawn up into the base of his
cock. When Wendell's cock reached the opening of Candace's throat, a hardened
area of scar tissue pressed against the lining of her esophagus. Candace's whole
body shook with an orgasm as her mouth and throat felt the hard surface and many
ridges of scars along the length of the cock.

  Candace could feel the rush of moisture as her glands oozed waves of secreted
fluids. Candace's throat opened and the cock began to slide into her throat.
Oliver saw the sides of Candace's neck expand as the cock passed down her
throat.

  "What is she, some kind of sword swallower?" asked a disbelieving Oliver. His
own cock was hard as a rock. He looked over at Indira who had a trance like look
on her face as she used one hand to hold her labia apart and the other to stroke
her clit. Ever so often, Indira stopped stroking and would slap her clit hard a
couple of times as she yelled, "Bad pussy, bad pussy."

  Candace slowly extracted Wendell's cock from her throat. It was fully erect.
Scar tissues glistened with her saliva. Candace had to have that mutilated penis
inside her. She licked along one of the ridges of skin that felt hard to her
tongue. Candace moved forward and rose up on her feet holding Wendell's cock in
one hand using it to part her labia. It was positioned at the entrance to her
vagina.

  "I'll suck you off later. I have to have it in me now," said Candace as she
forced the giant dick head into her opening. She worked it back and forth until
the dick head was inside her.

  "I want to take it all in one stroke. Grab my tits and squeeze them hard,"
said Candace to Wendell who was making whistling noise as he kept trying to push
further into Candace's pussy. Wendell took one nipple in his lobster claw hand
and pressed down hard. He used the other crippled hand to fasten a firm grip on
Candace's nipple and twist it. Candace looked down on the claw like hands
holding her nipples in their vise grips and slammed her body down. She felt the
entire length of Wendell's cock as it traveled up and into her vagina and
beyond.

  Candace felt the erotic pain as Wendell's cock head intruded into her female
parts shoving organs aside until it reached its fullest penetration. Candace
leaved forward took Wendell's head in her hands and tongue kissed the round
mouth hole. She felt the stump of his partially sheared off tongue and
intertwined her tongue with it. Wendell rolled over to place Candace on the
bottom and began to plunge in and out of Candace.

  "That's right, fuck my pussy, go deep," begged Candace.

  Wendell leaned back as he attempted to pick Candace up by her nipples.

  "That's right, hurt my tits, maul them, rip them off," yelled Candace.

  Candace wrapped her legs around the scarred torso, desperate to get all
sixteen inches inside her. She could feel it progress millimeter by millimeter
through her vagina. Candace sensed that Wendell was holding back trying not to
hurt her. Candace pulled his face to hers and kissed him, twirling her tongue
through his mouth. She used her legs to pull him deeper. Her feet were clamped
against his buttocks. Her leg muscles strained to force him further inside her.

  "Fuck me as hard as you can. Show me absolutely no mercy. Ram it in as deep as
it will go," whispered Candace.

  Wendell made several of his whistling sounds then started to thrust into
Candace. He withdrew all sixteen inches until just the head was poised at her
opening then plunged downward with all his force. Candace aided Wendell by using
her feet and legs to pull him into her as she raised her butt of the bed to meet
his downward plunge.

  "I've never seen anything like that," was all Oliver could manage.

  Wendell and Candace fucked with incredible force until at last Wendell
climaxed and fell across Candace's body. They both lay there breathing heavily.
Candace felt something happening inside her body as Wendell's sperm raced into
her womb and then spread throughout her body. It was the same sensation she had
felt lying on a marble floor of the Cathedral of St. Therese six months ago.

  "I need to be taken care of over here. Can somebody get me off," said Oliver.

  "What would you like?" asked Candace looking over at the Lieutenant. Wendell
was lying on top of her breathing heavily.

  "Anything, jack me off, suck me off, fuck me, I don't care. I got to have some
relief."

  Candace extricated herself from under Wendell and moved over to the other bed.
She pulled the covers down to reveal Oliver's hard eight-inch prick. Candace
leaned down and took it in her mouth. She was sucking Oliver's cock when she
felt the bed move as Wendell climbed onto the bed. Candace felt his maimed hands
grabbed her hips. She realized that he intended to take her dog style as she
sucked Oliver's cock.

  "Thank you Master," whispered Candace as she felt Wendell's cock start to
enter her pussy. His second fuck was prolonged. Candace sucked off Oliver twice
as Wendell pounded away at her rear. After a while, she heard Wendell spitting
and then felt the wet claw fingers probe her asshole.

  "Stick your hand in my ass," Candace said looking over her shoulder at
Wendell.  Candace heard Wendell spit again and felt warm sputum on her asshole.
Then she felt the lobster claw work its way past her anal ring. The eroticism of
the moment as the reconstructed hand forced its way into her asshole caused
Candace to climax.

  Wendell was using his better hand to squeeze Candace's breast. Candace glanced
over to see that Indira had moved her chair to where it was right beside the
bed. Indira's body was long and lean to the point of privation. Her breasts were
practically non-existent. Ribs were clearly visible. Her body fat percentage
must be in the low single digits thought Candace. Indira had one hand massaging
her clit and the other reached behind her to play with her hairy anus. In an age
where people, especially women, spent thousands of dollars to have body hair
removed, Indira Fogarty was an anomaly.

  Long curly hairs surrounded her nipples. There were thick tuffs of black hair
in her underarms. A thick mat of pubic hair completely covered the area bordered
by her navel and the pelvic bones clearly visible on her skinny frame. Indira
had a full head of hair that reached down onto her temples. A wide thick unibrow
formed the lower border of her forehead. There was even the faint tracing of a
mustache across her upper lip. Candace had never seen such a hirsute female. She
found the thought of using her tongue to part Indira's pubic hair to suck her
long stemmed clitoris highly erotic.

  Finally, Wendell's body convulsed and Candace felt a second load of fiery hot
sperm course through her body. Oliver dumped his second load into her mouth and
she swallowed it greedily.

  As soon as Wendell recovered, he reached out with his claw hand and placed it
gently on Candace's cheek. Then he spoke several dozen unintelligible words.
Candace looked to Oliver to interpret.

  "What did he say?"

  "He said you were a good fuck. You reminded him of his ex wife, Bettie Mae.
She could fuck like you."

  "Who's a better fuck, me or Bettie Mae?" Candace addressed the question to
Wendell. Wendell looked thoughtful for a moment then whistled out a few words.

  "He said you're both very good."

  "Wendell should go into politics," said Candace laughingly. She leaned over
and kissed Wendell on his non-existent lips.

  "Indira, climb up on bed and we'll let Wendell and Oliver watch us munch each
other's rug. I'm fascinated with your pubic hair," said Candace gesturing for
Indira to join them. 

  The session ended two hours later with Candace sitting up in bed between
Oliver and Wendell with Indira between her legs noisily eating her cum filled
pussy. Candace and Indira had just done a sixty-nine to please Oliver and
Wendell. Candace had buried her face in Indira's asshole feeling the ring of
long curly hairs tickle her face as her tongue worked its way inside Indira's
shit hole. Then Candace had fucked both Oliver and Wendell one more time before
she had to dress and leave.

  Indira Fogarty was being promoted to Director over the largest VA Hospital in
the country. It was located in Northern Virginia, near Candace's Washington
apartment. Indira assured Candace that Wendell and Oliver would be immediately
transferred to the new hospital and housed in a suite normally reserved for
general officers. Everything would be ready by the time she relocated to DC.

  Candace felt her powers growing each time Wendell released semen inside her
body. Satan was using Sgt. Lasker's cock to transfer the strength, energy, and
intellect that Candace would need for the next challenge.




Chapter 20 - Camelot Revisited



Please take note! Adults Only Literature

The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written for
adults only.

If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing this
file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
now.

This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
is purely coincidental, etc.

Copyright 2003

                                                                ****

    "Oh my God that's good, you suck better than a South Boston street whore,
swallow that cock, you greedy dick sucking slut. The world should know that
Senator-Elect Candace Williams sucks dick and fucks like a black Irish
strumpet," whispered Ted Kennedy through clinched teeth. "Get ready, bitch, soon
I'm going to let you swallow a load of my Hyannis special."

   Ted was into degrading women, especially when they had his cock in their
mouth. Ted could only guess how many female lips had been wrapped around his
dick. It must be in the thousands thought Ted. But this bitch is one of the
best, no the very best, but then, what else could you expect from Satan's
personal whore.

  Shit I was Satan's chosen until I fucked up. Took my eyes off the ball, too
much booze and easy pussy. Father Gregory believes Candace will be the one. I
guess you have to accept the word of the angel that's Lucifer's press secretary.

  Candace didn't mind Ted's nasty language. She considered it a turn on and she
kept the fingers of one hand massaging her engorged clit to prove it. In fact,
she was grateful to Ted and all the Kennedy's. Ted had worked eighteen hours a
day to get her elected to his Senate seat. He had put the entire weight and
prestige of the Kennedy family behind her candidacy. If he wanted to call her
dirty names when while she sucked his cock that was fine with her.

  Candace's Senate race had started out a long shot. She was a woman in state
that had never elected a female to a high office. There were much better known
male Democratic politicians in the primary, some of who had been waiting for Ted
to retire for the last decade But Candace handily won the primary with an
overwhelming majority of female voters.  The Republicans sensing an opportunity
had attempted a credible challenge with a dot.com millionaire who was able to
finance an extensive media campaign. Candace had crushed him in the election.
Beat all the good old Irish polls and the new kid handily was how the local and
national media headlined it.   "The best fuck won," was Ted's final
pronouncement on her victory.

  "I plan to swallow every drop, Senator, tell me again what you did to Senator
Feinstein, It's such a marvelous story, " said Candace looking up at Ted and
licking her tongue across the tip of his dick. Candace wanted to prolong Ted's
blowjob and distracting him seemed as good a way as any. Candace knew how Ted
had an Irishman's love of telling stories from the good old days.

  "Fucked the California bitch silly in the back of a limo then turned her over
to some L Street niggers to screw. I hope they gave her a dose of the clap.
Diane got so drunk at a DNC fundraiser that she passed out at her table.
Everybody had pretty much left when I found her face down at a table all alone
and dead to the world. Someone, probably a waiter or waiters, you know how the
wait staff are at the Wilbur Hotel, had already taken advantage of the drunken
bitch. Her skirt was up around her waist and her drawers had disappeared,
probably a souvenir hanging on some Spic's lampshade. There was a nice big
trickle of spunk leaking out the old twat and man mousse streaks in her hair.
She looked a fucking mess."

  "Vickie and I decided to take her home in our car; but on the way we rethought
that decision and opted to teach the cunt a lesson. We stripped her naked in the
back of limo. Threw her $2000 St. Johns knit suit out the window. Elliot, our
driver, pulled into an alley and he and I took turns fucking her in the ass
while the drunk cunt puked her guts out. The remains of her $500 a plate dinner
went right down a K Street storm drain. Elliot's cock is let's say exceptional
and when he was done, you could stick both hands in her butt and clap. That gave
me the idea to have a little fun. I took a couple of lemons and limes from the
limo bar and shoved them right up the Senator's butt. Why not? She deserved it.
Any woman that can't hold her liquor deserves a good ass fucking and anything
else bad that happens to her. Vickie squatted over her face and washed the puke
out of her mouth out with a healthy stream of beer piss. Hard to fathom that one
of the richest women in America is a beer drinker. Beer, that's a whore's drink.
Sometimes I think Vickie likes beer because of the piss. You can piss like a
horse, can't you sweetheart?"

  "Sorry, dear, what was that?" said Vickie Kennedy who was on the big bed
beside her husband. Candace's husband, Dan, had Vickie bent double and was
slamming his cock into her. Vickie's mind was concentrated on the feelings in
her cunt when her husband spoke.

  "I was just saying you're a beer drinker and can piss like a horse."

  "I like beer. Beer keeps your urinary tract flowing. Wine and cocktails are
for girls who never squatted over a rock and pissed. My daddy was a beer
drinker."

  "My wife loves to piss in public. Vickie and her Daddy had a special
relationship, didn't you sweetheart?"

  "Daddy was special. He made me a woman when I was twelve. But that's got
nothing to do with why I like beer. I prefer it to wine and hard liquor. But
what I really love is the way that Dan's cock is fucking my twat. Give it to me
Danny boy."

  "So what happened with Senator Feinstein?" asked Candace.

   "We drove her over to Reverend Ellsworth's AME Zion Church on L Street and
pushed her out naked on the sidewalk. Pushed her right out into the arms of a
dozen spades, sorry, I mean Afro-Americans. I gave them a $100 bill to gangbang
her. I told them she loved anal. Somehow the bitch got home the next day and the
story never made the press. I guess it's that kind of resourcefulness that makes
her a successful senator. Oh Jesus, Candace, that feels so fucking good."

  Candace had wrapped her tongue all the way around the head and gave it a swirl
like an anaconda getting ready to crush its prey. It was something Ted had only
seen a few times in the seventy years of his life.

   For the last ten minutes, his cock had been in oral heaven, getting the best
blowjob of his life. At his age, it normally took time and effort to get off but
the Senator-elect sucking his root was talented beyond anything he had ever
experienced. Now, his cock was actually in her throat being massaged along its
entire length while her tongue made long passionate licks to the underside of
his hard dick teasing the ridge of skin. It was the ultimate as far as Ted was
concerned and he was a man whose cock had been inside the best on the planet.

  "Munch my butt," breathed Senator Ted as he raised his short fat pale legs
indicating that he wanted his asshole worked on some more. Candace understood
the signal, used her hands to support Ted's upraised legs, and applied her lips
to his brown hole. Her lips pushed open his anus allowing her to probe her
tongue deep inside. Ted felt the ecstasy of the warm, wet and boneless muscle
inside his rectum. Ted knew that Candace wasn't the kind who'd be put off if she
found a little turd in there. She'd eat it like it was a spoonful of Ben &
Jerry's Dark Chocolate Truffle. Ted appreciated the kind of anything goes, no
holding back slut that Candace Williams represented.

  In many ways, she's the female version of myself mused Ted. But God is she
smart and how she loves to fuck. Her husband's quite a cocksman too. Vickie's
got that shit eating grin on her face that only comes around when her cunt's
being hammered by a very large and hard love stick. 

  Candace is going to be President one day. God help the good old USA. 
Lucifer's own whore will be our Chief Executive. She may outlaw virginity past
the age of seven. The Christian Right's going to shit little yellow crosses when
they figure all this out.

  Senator Ted relaxed, hoping to prolong his pleasure. The Viagra would keep him
hard for a couple of hours. He decided to let his mind wander back over five
almost six decades of putting his meat inside women's orifices. He tried to
recall women he'd fucked who were in Candace William's class. He remembered back
to his younger days when he was married to his first wife, Joan. Ted loved to
engage in this kind of reverie when his prick was being worked on.

  I'll just lay back and let my mind wander through the best whores Jack, Robert
and I fucked decided Ted. Shouldn't forget Joe. He was there too at the
beginning.

  Joan Bennett Kennedy, now there was a drunken slut who would fuck anybody,
anywhere, anytime, and that cunt was one needy grasping hole. The problem was
that she was generally too blasted to know or remember whose cock was in her.
Ted recalled that at times it got embarrassing. Like the time, I found her in
the parking lot at the Barnstable Country Club being fucked by those black kids
who parked cars. Half the members saw her sucking black cock and then getting
screwed on the hood of my Oldsmobile 98. Not that I gave a shit who fucked the
drunken cunt. Still, a senator's wife should practice a little discretion and
not let the world know she had an itch in her pussy for black dick.

  But God she was a looker when I first met her recalled Ted. That was before
the pills and booze turned her into a sad old drunk that no one wants to screw.
I hear you can still pick her up at a bar in Boca Raton for a price of a glass
of chardonnay.

  Ted recalled the first time he met Joan. He was at a party celebrating his
brother Jack's election to the Senate. Jack had pointed out a stunning blonde to
his younger brother. Ted's cock got hard the moment he looked over at the honey
blonde with the nice big tits and the long legs. She was sitting there drinking
a Scotch rocks, looking a little blown away. Her legs were parted and you could
see all the way to her panty-clad snatch.

  "If you want an easy fuck, go talk to her. I fucked her on my desk this
afternoon. Her name's Joan something. She's got round heels," said Jack.

  Ted recalled the "round heels" was Jack's way of saying that all you had to do
was lightly nudge a girl's front and she would roll backwards on her round
heels, spreading her legs as she reached the floor. Women had a tendency to do
that for Jack. Most of them didn't even require that frontal nudge either.

  And that was certainly true of Joan. That night after the party, Ted had taken
Joan to his Beacon Hill apartment and fucked her till she passed out. After Joan
slid into oblivion, Ted had gotten out a tube of K-Y, smeared her ass with it
and enjoyed a long slow butt fuck. The only sound was of Joan occasionally
whimpering that it hurt. When Ted finished, his cock was covered in blood, cum,
and shit. He carefully wiped his cock clean with her golden blonde hair. Just
for effect, he smeared a little shit on her lips so she would wake up with the
fresh taste of her own turds in her mouth. Then Ted went into the other bedroom
and went to sleep.

  All the Kennedy men, including Dad, screwed Joan before I decided her pussy
was so good I wanted it permanently close at hand so he married her. Man was I a
dumb shit in those days. Joan was a lousy wife but a great fuck.

  Hell, the three of us did her together the night before our wedding. It was
after the rehearsal dinner. Joan and two of her bridesmaids agreed to meet Jack,
Bobby and me at my Beacon Hill apartment. What were the two bridesmaids names?

  I think it was Gloria and Celia; no it was Gloria and Clare. Clare was the one
that liked to be fucked in the ass. She'd get down on all fours with her face in
the rug, her butt in the air, then reach back and grab her butt cheeks and pull
them apart. She had a cute little hairy butthole and she could make it flex in
and out. She carried her own tube of K-Y jelly to lube herself up. I remember
the time Robert got so drunk he pissed in her ass. Old Clare later claimed she
got an irritated bowel from Robert's piss.

  Gloria and Clare, doesn't sound quite right, Gloria was the red head with a
thick bush of curly red pussy hair that started at her navel and grew downward
like a forest. It was shaped like a giant wedge of pie. Eating a big piece of
hair pie was all the rage that year. Girls didn't shave their snatch in those
days; just let that pussy fuzz grow. Jack liked to pull out when he climaxed and
shoot all over their hair pie then rub it in. He joked that he was fertilizing
it and that a girl's fuzz would grow an extra inch in three days after taking on
a load of JFK Fertilizer. God my brother had a quick Irish wit. I've missed
that.

   Funny, how styles in cunts have changed over the years. Gloria was Joan's
cousin. No, that was Clare. Gloria was her college roommate. Man, those girls
loved to fuck. They never met a cock they didn't like.

  Bobby went nuts over Gloria's bright auburn rug. Ethel was knocked up for the
millionth time and Bobby hadn't been getting any of her. 

  Jesus, how Bobby loved to eat pussy, he could spend hours with his head
between a woman's thighs, sucking clit, tongue fucking a sloppy wet vagina, and
eating asshole. Bobby was into cream pies. After a girl's snatch had been well
fucked and was leaking cum, Bobby put it at the top of the menu. Gloria's cunt
hair was something worth remembering. For weeks afterwards, Bobby swore he kept
finding red hairs wedged in his teeth.

  At some point in the evening, we decided to give it to Joan in all three holes
since she was going to be a bride the next day. She'd finished three bottles of
champagne all by herself. Cunt was drunk out of her mind. The stupid bitch
forgot to douche her ass out so when Jack pulled his pecker out of her Hershey
Highway, it was covered with shit.  Jack politely asked Bobby to swap holes with
him. They loved to horse around and play jokes. Bobby had been face-fucking
Joan. Gloria and Clare were munching each other's rug on a nearby couch. I was
underneath pounding upward in Joan's well-fucked snatch when I looked up and saw
my brother's shit stained dick slide into my bride's mouth.

  Joan was drunker than usual and never noticed that she was sucking a cock
covered in her own turds. Jack rubbed his pecker all over her face.  She looked
like she had been eating brown gravy with a crooked spoon. Next, Bobby pulled
out of her ass with a thick coating of shit on his pecker and swapped positions
with Jack. Joan was too far gone to be aware that Bobby's dick had a nice
one-inch coating of her own shit covering the tip. Joan just licked it clean and
swallowed. Gloria and Claire thought it was hysterical when they saw what Jack
and Bobby were doing to the bride to be. They even took some photos. What had
Gloria or Clare said? It was something about Joan becoming a true and faithful
shit-eating whore.

  I hope Senator Williams; newly elected member of the world's greatest
deliberative body eats a little dollop of my shit while her tongues inside my
ass. I love it when you can smell your shit on a woman's breath. This is so
fucking good I don't want to cum yet. Nor, does Vickie by the sound of her.
Candace's husband Dan is quite the swordsman. Listen to that nymphomaniac wife
of mine. She's got to be world's noisiest fuck.

  Got to think of something else if I don't want to cum yet. Who else did I used
to fuck that didn't have limits? Oh yea, there was the little nun wantabe, Mary
Jo Kopechne, the blowjob artist extraordinaire. Strange, Candace told me that
there was a period when she seriously considered joining a nunnery. Maybe that's
a prerequisite for being able to give a great blowjob. Maybe its' thinking about
marry Christ and doing a three way with the Holy Trinity.

  Of course, it was her oral talent that got the little cunt drowned and kept me
from becoming President. Jesus, if Candace is elected President, then the
President of the United States will have sucked my cock, hadn't thought of that.
That's quite a thought but not the kind that gets in the history books. Hell,
I've fucked Candace in all three holes. First President to have a cock in all
three holes, that's one for the record books.

  I fucked Mary Jo in all three orifices as Daddy used to say. Mary Jo started
with Bobby and Jack gave her a tumble a couple of times. Was it Mary Jo that
Jackie caught him screwing in the Oval Office? Can't recall. She caught him more
than once with his pecker out. Who were those two cunts that the Secret Service
had to sneak into the White House. Their code names were 'Frick and Frack'. Jack
somehow convinced Jackie they were physical therapists he needed for his bad
back. Jack sent them to me once. Those two could pussy whip you to the point
that you couldn't walk. Jackie walked in unexpectedly once and they weren't
massaging his back. Jack called it a two-mouthed blowjob. Jacqueline, now there
was a piece I never got. She thought she was too good for me. Bobby did her but
he and Jack shared everything including Ethel. Wonder how many of Bobby's kids
really belong to Jack.

  Of course, later, I got hold of the video that Greek made of Jackie on his
yacht. She didn't look so high and mighty, down on the deck being triple pronged
by the crew. Lying there with half a dozen Greeks pissing in her mouth while she
jerked off. Shit, I wish I'd been there to add my pint of special yellow to her
smart-ass yap.

  "Where was I? Oh, Mary Jo the one who drowned. Good thing that was before the
days of DNA testing or they would have been able to prove that some of the semen
in her belly, ass, and cunt belonged to me.  Of course, I wasn't the only one at
that party who buried his schlong in her that night. There were ten of us guys
and only five girls. Each girl did double duty. Mary Jo took anyone on who
asked.

  Yes, Mary Jo had 'round heels'. I remember the time, we got drunk at her
apartment and I talked her into letting me piss in her mouth. We got into the
shower and she knelt down on the floor and opened wide. The little bitch
swallowed it like it was mother's milk. She was a true Kennedy groupie. I bet
she'd have eaten a hot turd right out of my ass if I'd asked nice.

  I learned one thing that night at Chappaquiddick Island. Never drive a car
while a girl's sucking your cock. I lost it when I blew my load and drove that
Olds right into the drink. I almost drowned. It ruined my political career,
stopped it cold. Too bad about Mary Jo too. The world lost a talented whore that
night. Wonder if that was what caused John to crash his plane. Maybe Carolyn and
Lauren were blowing him and he lost it. Wouldn't surprise me. Lauren and Carolyn
loved to three way with John.

  Candace took a long deep suck on Ted's cock. The way he was breathing she
could tell he was getting close to orgasm. Candace could feel Dan's body right
beside her on the big bed. He was between Victoria's legs slowly licking around
her clit. Dan was easing a well-lubricated finger in Vickie's asshole while
keeping two fingers of his other hand inside her cunt massaging her G-spot. Ted
had consumed a dose of Viagra before the four of them had gotten in bed that
rainy afternoon at the Kennedy compound in Hyannisport.

  "Bob Dole isn't Pfizer's only customer in Washington," was how Ted phrased it.
Candace had to admit that the drug kept the seventy-year-old politician fucking
hard for over two hours.

  Victoria was a screamer during sex, especially if her partner was hot. At the
moment she was yelling, "Eat me, Dan, eat my cunt," at the top of her voice.
Victoria Kennedy was giving all indications that she was about to hit another
big 'O'. Victoria was twenty years younger than Ted, still no spring chicken but
like many wealthy women, she had the money, time, and will power to keep her
figure trim. Her heels was solidly planted against the mattress and Candace
could see the muscles in her legs tense each time she thrust her cunt toward
Dan's busy fingers and mouth. She had the well-developed hamstring muscles of a
woman who spent time on her back using them to wrap around the hips of a man
slamming a hard cock into her vagina.

  "Oh yea, that's so fucking good, fuck me Dan, fuck me hard," screamed Vickie.

  Everyone in the Hyannis compound knew when Vickie was being boned. Even the
kids would roll their eyes when they heard Aunt Vickie shouting for "deeper and
harder". Candace and Dan had met and screwed a bewildering number of Kennedy's
over the last two months. The family appetite and enthusiasm for sex were
extraordinary. Ted and Victoria liked pilling up in their big bed with family
and friends for an afternoon of good old fashion Irish fornication.

  "I just wish you and Dan had the opportunity to screw John and Carolyn. They
were so hot as a couple and they fucked so well together," said Ted that morning
at breakfast. When their plane went down, it was an incredible loss, especially
at the family orgies."

  Candace scooted on top of Ted and slipped his cock into her pussy and clutched
it rhythmically as she pushed her clit up against the Senator's round belly. 

  "Oh Jesus, that's good Candace, you cunt is so hot, it's on fire, how do you
do that?" gasped the Senator as Candace's cunt created intense waves of pleasure
that started at the base of his nuts and radiated to the tip of his peter.

  "Fuck me, Dan," yelled Victoria as she reached down, grabbed Dan and pulled
him upward so he could mount her. Victoria's cunt was wet and Dan's prick slide
home. He grabbed Vickie's legs catching her calves against the top of his
shoulders. He bent her double, drove his cock in until his balls slapped against
her asshole and ground his pubic bone against her clit. Vickie was a lifelong
devotee of several different styles of yoga. At the moment, Dan had her knees
nestled right beside her ears. Vickie had spent months at a center for Tantric
Yoga in India learning to maximize the sensations created in her cunt by a
lover.

  "I've taken being a rich whore to new levels," was how Vickie liked to explain
her intense pursuit of hard male cocks to friends and family.

  Candace knew that Vickie liked rough sex and being hurt helped get her over
the hump. She reached over and took Vickie's nipple between her fingers and gave
it a vicious twist sending her into a paroxysm of a pain-induced orgasm.

  "Oh shit yes, hurt my tit, make me scream," yelled Vickie as she twisted from
side to side. Vickie had been excited when she learned that Candace and Bill
were coming for the weekend. Candace had recently won Ted's Senate seat. Over
the past few months, they'd had sex with the Candace and Dan many times. Vickie
considered them the hottest couple that she and Ted had ever fucked. Dan was
positively scalding when his cock was inside her and Candace screwed like
something not of this earth. Ted described it as being on a totally different
plane. 

  "I feel I'm leaving my Senate seat in the hands of the best fuck in America,"
said Ted in a private remark on his retirement.  

  Victoria was definitely a pain slut. Ted had chosen her for a wife because she
was the first woman he'd met who he could literally whip into unconsciousness
without her deciding that having a bleeding back and ass was too high a price to
pay to marry a Kennedy.

  The four of them were screwing in a huge four-posted antique bed at Ted's
house within the Hyannis compound. Joe Senior, the family patriarch, had
originally purchased the bed at auction in England right before World War II. It
had originally belonged to Sir Francis Dashwood, Lord le Despencer, the founder
of the English Hell Fire Club.  When Joe Senior as Ambassador to the Court of
St. James learned that Sir Francis claimed to have deflowered a thousand virgins
including over two hundred nuns in that bed, he decided he had to have it. He
had shipped it back to the United States as German submarines were slipping into
the Atlantic to slaughter allied merchant ships.

  Once the bed was set up at their home in Hyannisport, Joe Senior located the
concealed metal rings that could be extended from the posts to bind someone in
multiple ways. He had started off with his wife Rose restrained upright at the
foot of the bed with her arms and legs fully extended and painfully stretched.
Joe Senior preferred sex when it included pain and a lot of it for the female.
Rose treated pain as penitence for her sins, especially the ones involving sex.
Joe Senior insisted that Rose dress as a Carmelite nun complete with wimple. The
habit was slit up the back so Joe Sr. could expose Rose's back and whip her as
punishment for her sins. Ted had explained all this when Candace and Dan had
visited Ted and Victoria's bedroom for the first time.

   "Since you're Catholics, you probably understand how fucked up a devout
person like my mother could be when you combine devotion with an irresistible
desire for cock," said Ted.

  "Dad and Mom were into role playing based on this bed. They both loved the bed
and acted out several different scenes using the bed as a prop."

  "Tell them the one he used to let you boys watch," said Vickie.

  "Dad would sit Joe Junior, John, Robert, and myself down on that window bench
over there and forbid us to move. He'd act very stern. We had to call him Father
Gregory, the same name as the Kennedy family's priest."

  "But he allowed you to play with yourself while you watched," said Vickie.

  "Oh yes, we'd have a contest to see who could jack off first. It was a circle
jerk without the circle. The problem was that as the youngest, I hadn't reached
puberty and the best I could do was a tiny drip of clear cum, not a sperm in
it."

  Well, Ted, you've come a long way since then. I currently classify yours as
'rich and creamy'," laughed Candace.

  "Thank you, I'll let you swallow another batch of my 'rich and creamy' this
afternoon. Dad would come in dressed as a priest with Mom trailing behind in her
nun's apparel. They looked authentic. Dad was called Father Gregory and Mom was
Sister Mary Rose. Dad was a stickler for details."

  "Ted and I are going to re-enact this for you in a while," added Victoria
placing her hand between Dan's legs."

  "Behave yourself Vickie, let me tell the story before you pull Dan's cock out
and loose control. Vickie is dying for you to fuck her some more, Dan."

  "I'll be good, go ahead with your story," responded Vickie pouting a little.

  "Dad would sit on the bed with a Catholic Bible, the Vulgate, in his hands.
Mom would kneel in front of him working the beads of her rosary. His cassock had
an opening so he could pull his cock out anytime. Mom would begin with the Act
of Contrition then suck on Dad's cock for a while. Next, Dad would listen
carefully to her confession. Mom could be very creative when it came to making
up sins. My favorite was the time; she swore that she had allowed Averell and
Pamela Harriman and Francis Cardinal Spellman to ride her around Manhattan naked
in the back of a limousine on Christmas Eve. Every so often they would stop in
front of a New York policeman walking his beat. They would throw open the limo
door, yell Merry Christmas and offer him a piece of Mother as a Christmas
present. Most of the time, the cop would recognize Governor Harriman or the
Cardinal and jump in the limo. Mother, with Pamela helping to get the cop hard
would let the policeman do whatever he wanted, half and half being their
favorite. Mother confessed to having done sixteen police between four in the
afternoon and midnight Mass. She swore that when she looked down between her
legs at midnight at St. Patrick Cathedral there was a puddle of beat cop cum on
the floor that had leaked out of her pussy."

  "What a wild story. You must have had a very happy childhood," said Candace.

  "It was very grand. Dad would listen to her confession; make her pray the Act
of Contrition, several Our Fathers and ten Hail Marys with him. Then he would
bind her to the bottom of the bed. He would pull open the back of her nun's
habit, get out several types of whips and canes and beat her till she passed
out. After that, he'd strip her, tie her face down on the bed and sodomize her.
She loved it."

  "Tell Candace and Dan why they had a falling out, its' very bizarre," said
Victoria.

  "Well over a period of time, the role playing got more elaborate. Dad was
entertaining several Hollywood starlets. He brought them here one weekend,
dressed them up as nuns along with Mom and my oldest sister. He dressed his
favorite chippie as a priest. She was quite a beautiful girl but cross-dressed
quite believably as a man except for these very red lips Dad painted on her. The
ersatz priest heard Mother's confession.

 Mom confessed to having engaged in an orgy with four altar boys. Mom had a set
of pictures that Father Gregory made of the event. So this one turned out not to
be a lie. Dad passed the pictures over to us. There was Mom at Sacred Heart
Cathedral taking on four of the retarded boys who lived at the Cardinal Cushing
Home for Exceptional Children. 'Exceptional' in this instance is a euphemism for
'a lot dumber than average'. There were a good dozen photos. These kids had
pea-sized brains but their cocks were huge. It got us turned on and we started
to jerk off. Eunice, Patricia and Jean were there dressed as nuns. All we kids
jerked off while Dad whipped the shit out of Mom."

  "Dad revived Mom then he sodomized her. He finished by letting the faux priest
whip her senseless for her sins. The starlet priest shoved two huge dildos in
Mom's holes then made Mom do a little muff diving with her daughters before Dad
got on her for a final fuck. Dad even permitted Joe Junior and John to screw one
of the starlets who was dressed as a nun. My oldest sister was tied to the other
side of the bed and deflowered by Joe Jr. He ran around the room with blood all
over his dick showing it to everybody.

  Later Mom discovered the starlet who dressed as a priest and heard her
confession was not a Roman Catholic. After that, there were no more fun and
games around the Hell Fire bed. Mom was a stickler for the Catholic religion."

  "Too bad, sounds like some very good times ended," remarked Candace.




Chapter 21 - Armed Services Committee Research



Please take note! Adults Only Literature

The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written for
adults only.

If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing this
file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
now.

This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
is purely coincidental, etc.

Copyright 2003

                                                                ****

  "Some rich bitch trolling for soldier cock, it happened last year when we were
here," said Master Sergeant Abraham 'Abe' Sharpe. Abe was a tall rugged looking
non-commissioned officer. Abe Sharpe was considered one of the very best of the
elite Special Operations soldiers. He and the five other members of his unit
were seated in a large corner booth of  'The Right Flank" lounge. The Right
Flank was located just outside the main gate to Fort Bragg, North Carolina.
Three members of the opposite sex were seated with them.

  "I remember her. Amanda was her name and cock sucking was her game. But she
didn't look anywhere near as good as that piece, that's mighty fine," stated
Lance Corporal Leroy Stewart, the tall black member of the unit who specialized
in communications and languages. Leroy was second generation Army. His father
had bought the big one in Vietnam.

  "Better than mighty fine, that what I call a fucking A-1 piece of ass," said
Abe in his East Tennessee accent.

  "You guys are disgusting. She's probably just stopped by for a quiet drink
before she goes to a party. I bet she's an officer's wife," said Kay Trabert
feeling a touch of jealousy that the soldiers whose hands were busily stroking
her thighs were paying so much attention to a female all the way across the
room.

  What the hell they looking at her for? She's not here with her legs spread
wide letting you bastards play with her cunt thought Kay in exasperation.

  Kay and her best friend Barbara Banks had agreed to meet Abe and his team for
drinks and dancing. Both women were in their early thirties and married to
"lifers" who were in charge of their own respective Special Ops units. Kay's
hair was currently dyed blonde. Her most noticeable physical attribute was her
36D breasts that she had purchased from a local plastic surgeon with the divorce
settlement from her first marriage. Barbara managed the local franchise of the
SuperFitness health club. Kay and Barbara had retained their figures through a
regimen of Spin, Kick Boxing, and Step Aerobics classes.

  "If you expect to fuck a Special Ops soldier, you got to keep in shape like
they do," was how Barbara expressed it when she taught the occasional aerobics
class.

   Both Kay and Barbara were regulars at The Right Flank in what was jokingly
referred to as the "Night Ops Brigade". It was common knowledge among Special
Ops enlisted men that those two married women along with other single and
married women who lived in the Fort Bragg area were willing to party with
enlisted soldiers rotated back for rest and retraining. Kay and Abe were old
friends. So when she got his email asking her to get five of the girls together
and meet Abe's unit at The Right Flank for a return home celebration, Kay
agreed, considering it nothing out of the ordinary.

  To Kay and Barbara, evenings like tonight were a small compensation for being
a soldier's wife. In return for an evening away from the kids and television,
the women were willing to let the soldier's hands wander while they danced and
talked. The girls knew that their husbands or live-in boyfriends didn't object
to the occasional playing around while they were overseas.

  "A little feel never hurt anybody," was how Kay's husband put it.  To an
amazing extent, Kay and Barbara and their husbands were in denial how these
evenings usually ended. After last call, the finale would probably be a quick
fuck or blowjob in the back seat of Kay's SUV. Tonight's problem was that all
the other women who normally went along on these evenings either had other plans
or sick kids at home. Kay looked over at Mario's wife Patty thinking she'd be no
help in the back seat. She looked scared to death. Obviously, Press and Mario
were playing with her under the table and she was having a difficult time
coping. Kay pictured herself and Barbara having to hump all six guys. Barbara
and she had talked about being gang banged on the drive over to the Right Flank.

  "I'm not sure I want to do this. Six of them and two of us, we'll get a
reputation. Harry would be pissed if he thought I was doing groups, Harry
doesn't mind that I occasionally screw around as long as it's one soldier at a
time and it doesn't get serious. We should have called this off until we could
get three other women to come," said Barbara.

  "I called everybody I knew. I even asked Danny's third grade teacher since
she's getting a divorce. But she's already in a relationship. I tried to get
more women even up to the last minute. I even asked Michelle but she has a bad
cold," said Kay.

  "Has she lost any of that weight she gained with the baby?"

  "Last time I saw her at the BX, she said she'd lost ten pounds but I couldn't
see where. Her ass was as big as a barn door," said Kay.

  "Just as well she didn't come. The guys wouldn't have been happy if we'd
showed up with her looking the way she does. Oh well, I guess we'll have to go
with the flow as they say."

  "I know. Let's just hope that whatever we do, doesn't get broadcast all over
the base," said Kay.

  "I'm still scared shitless that someone is going to tell Harry what happened
the last time I went out with Lobetti's unit just rotated back from Iraq. I
drank too much and passed out. One of them had an apartment over off Belvedere
Avenue. They took me and two other girls there. Unfortunately I was totally
blown away. Those assholes stripped up, screwed us and took some pictures. If
Harry ever sees those pictures, my ass is headed for the divorce court," said
Barbara.

  "Harry would never leave you no matter what you did. He's crazy about you,"
said Kay.

  "Harry's okay with a little messing around. He just doesn't want to be married
to the biggest whore at Fort Bragg, " said Barbara.

  "It's not exactly like he and Don keep themselves pure while they've on
assignment," said Kay.

   "Those two never met a female they didn't want to fuck," said Barbara. Plus
they think they're entitled because they risk their lives for their country.
Since when does serving your country give you a license to fornicate"?

    "Last time, Don got back, he made me pretend I was a prostitute he met in
Kabul. Lately, he's been into what he calls "role playing". He taught me a few
phrases in Pustun. He even brought me this dress like the women in Kabul wear.
Let me tell you the women over there stay covered up. This dress, Don called it
a burka, you could barely see out of the damn thing," said Barbara.

  "Sounds kinky," said Kay.

  "Kinky, it was more weird. I had to darken my eyes with mascara to where I
looked like a raccoon and paint this strange symbol on my face. While I was
blowing him, he played Afghani music on the stereo. Later, he admitted this
hooker was only fourteen. She must have been pretty good. Don kept calling me by
her name while we were doing it. Sometimes I think he should go into therapy,"
said Barbara.

  "At least Don makes an effort to keep things interesting. Harry comes home,
sends the kids to a movie, then climbs on, bend me double, and pounds away until
he shoots. He keeps at it until he's worn out then rolls over and goes to sleep.
My orgasm is not his concern," said Kay.

  "All this talk about sex is making me horny," said Barbara as they pulled into
the parking lot at The Right Flank. "I'm glad I wore a thong. This pussy needs
some play time."

  "Well if you're horny, we've probably come to the right place to get that
taken care of," said Kay.

   Barbara's husband had been gone for four months and she was feeling a
definite itch between her legs. Still, being the object of a soldier's gangbang
was somewhat beyond what the girls were normally willing to experience. Soldiers
like to talk and Special Operations was a close-knit group. Guys didn't want to
look around the campfire and not see a single face that hadn't screwed their
wife. The upshot was that a little hanky panky with a soldier just back from the
war zone was okay along as the wife was discreet and didn't make a habit of it.
Still rules like that was a little fuzzy and made to be broken especially where
there was booze involved.

  "You told me once that you and the other cheerleaders screwed the entire
football team after they won the state championship," said Kay as they exited
the SUV.

  "That was different, I wasn't married. I was just a high school kid and in
love."

  "With the team?" asked Kay.

  "No, with the quarterback, Alonzo Moore, the most beautiful lean, muscular,
black body a girl could imagine. 6'5" tall and his other parts were in
proportion to his height."

  "Wow, I bet that tickled your plumbing," said Kay

  "He touched me in ways that no other man has," said Barbara.

  "So if you were in love with Alonzo, why screw the whole team?" asked Kay.

  "It was a package deal. I was head cheerleader and the coach asked me to offer
the team an incentive if they won the big one. In my little Texas town, winning
the state high school football championship was about as big as it gets. It was
like winning the World Series. We cheerleaders got together and decided that
since our school had never won a state championship it was worth it. Even my mom
said it was okay," said Barbara.

  "Your mom knew?"

  "I told you that I had the kind of mom I could talk to about anything. Hell,
my Mom would have put on her old cheerleader outfit and screwed the team herself
if she could have gotten away with it. Of course, Daddy would have killed her.
But my Mom was more like a big sister. I was a very lucky girl when it came to
my Mom," said Barbara.

  "Did the coach get in on the reward?"

  "Of course, silly, Coach Davis was first. I did him myself while everybody
watched. We got things rolling."

  "Where did this sacred event take place?" asked Kay.

  "The locker room right after the game. They carried the wrestling mats in from
the gym. It lasted until the morning sun dawned on Texas. My pussy was so sore
it hurt to walk for a week. There were forty-four players on the team, a coach
and two assistants plus an equipment manager. There were eight girls on the
varsity cheerleading squad. I got my brains fucked out. "

  "So what do you think will happen tonight?" asked Kay.

  "I think there's a good likelihood, you and I are going to get plowed by each
and every one of Abe's unit except Mario and he may climb on in the confusion if
his new wifey doesn't mind. I just hope they can keep their mouth's shut." 

  "Mario's new wife will be there. She can help," said Kay.

  "Yea, lots of help, she'll be, they been married six months and he's been gone
for most of it. If we're lucky, she'll take care of Mario. I hope he clued her
in about what's expected. I don't want to see her jump two feet in the air the
first time someone puts a finger in her twat."

  "So one of us takes on three and the other two, we'll draw straws or
something."

  "The problem is that once we start, they'll just keep piling on. I could see
us getting screwed five or six times each."

  "Same number as a basketball team," giggled Kay.

  "Very funny. I hope you brought some extra condoms." 

  Kay and Barbara's husbands belonged to a Special Operations group still
deployed overseas. None of the men in Abe's unit were currently married or had a
significant other except for Technical Sergeant Mario Escobar. He was seated
beside his new bride, Patty. It was Patty's first time at The Right Flank. She
and Mario had been married six months but Mario had been sent to Afghanistan a
week after their wedding. He only returned last week. During Mario's overseas
tour, Patty had lived with her parents in Tupelo, Mississippi. She had only
moved to Fort Bragg when Mario returned to the states.

  Patty was concentrating on keeping her hands firmly wrapped around the beer
bottle in front of her. She was having a difficult time ignoring Mario's and his
friend Press's hands. Under the table, they were massaging her upper thighs and
taking turns running their fingers across her clit and vagina.  They seemed to
be making a game of it. Patty had come mentally prepared for a little grab ass
with the other members of Mario's unit. She hadn't expected that Mario and Press
would be taking turns playing with her pussy five minutes after they arrived.

  As soon as Patty slid into the booth, Mario had reached under the table and
parted Patty's legs and pushed her thong panty to one side exposing her sex.

  "Just stay like that," he warned as his fingers rubbed up and down her slit.
As soon as Mario's fingers moved away, Press's fingers replaced his. Patty was
new to the role of soldier's wife. She had never dreamed that Mario would share
her with other soldiers.

 For a good ten minutes, Press and Mario had been alternating according to a
pattern that at first seemed completely random. After a while, Patty realized
there was a definite pattern. The number of strokes would always add up to six.
Mario would make two slow passes over Patty's pussy and then Press would make
four. Or Press would make one and Mario five. It was only after a period of
being teased almost the point of orgasm that Patty realized that Press and Mario
were using an eye blink code to exchange signals about how many times they would
stroke Patty's vagina. Patty recalled from somewhere that soldiers were taught
an eye blink code to use if they were captured and had to communicate silently.
Special Ops soldiers were known to be a little over the top thought Patty and
this proves it.

  My husband of a little more than six months and his best friend are using my
pussy to practice their code thought Patty. If they don't stop soon, I'm going
to stand up, grab my cunt and have a screaming orgasm.

  Patty took a swallow of beer to calm her nerves.   Patty's nineteen-year-old
glands were working overtime producing lubricant. She was afraid if she stood
up, everyone would see a large wet spot on the back of her pale yellow skirt.

  God if I get any wetter down there, I'm going to slide right off this vinyl
seat on the floor thought Patty.

  Patty was nervous about what was expected of her tonight. Before they left
their base housing for The Right Flank, Mario had explained to her how it was
between Special Ops and wives and girl friends. It had started with a discussion
over what she was wearing.

  "Patty, I thought you were going to wear the yellow skirt and the yellow thong
panties, I bought you at the mall this morning." Patty had come out of the
bedroom wearing a conservative black skirt.

  "I was saving that for when it was just the two of us. The skirt's awfully
short. I wouldn't want the men in your unit to get the wrong idea about your
wife." Patty had been surprised when Mario had insisted on the purchase of a
skirt that didn't even reach mid thigh. She knew he liked to look at her legs
but this was immodest, especially when she sat down.

  "Wear it for me, I want you to look good tonight. I want to show you off."

  "If you're sure, I don't want your buddies to think you married the wrong kind
of woman."

  "Look, these guys and I depend on each other. We're like brothers. Actually
I'm much closer to them than my asshole brother. So its important we all get
along like a big family."

  "I'll be on my best behavior. I want the guys in your unit to like me."

  "Good, it may be a little wild tonight. We were in the desert six months."

  "I won't be the only female present, will I?"

  "No, there'll be two other wives there for sure. Normally, we'd have a woman
for each guy but Abe sent the email late and the other women had already made
plans.  Other women may join us once we're there."

  "I thought you said you were the only one in your unit that was married."

  "These aren't the guys wives. Kay and Barbara are married but their husbands
are still overseas."

  "They go out while their husbands are away."

  "Sure, you can do it too. You can't sit home every night while I'm gone for
six months."

  "You're not serious. You want me to date while your gone."

  "It's not dating exactly. It's just that when one unit is overseas, their
wives and significant others make themselves available to entertain the single
soldiers who rotate back to the base for R&R. Like I said, Special Ops guys like
to think of themselves as a family."

  "I guess I could go out and have drinks and dance if you didn't mind and it
was part of R&R. My daddy said morale was important in the army. Won't their
wives or girl friends object?"

  "Most of the Special Operations members are divorced or single. This lifestyle
can be hard on a relationship."

  "So what has all this got to do with tonight?"

  "I'm just saying for you not to be offended if Abe or any of my unit gets a
little touchy feely. We've been in the desert for the last 180 days and nobody's
touched a white woman in all that time. They're a horny bunch. Kay and Barbara
know what to expect so they're cool. Just follow their lead."

  "How friendly should I let them get before I yell for you?"

  "As friendly as they want to be. Don't embarrass me by making a fuss. If they
want to check you out, go along and enjoy it."

  "Check me out? You mean let another man touch my pussy? Are you serious?"

  "Patty, I don't think you understand. Abe and Leroy saved my life when the
Towel Heads ambushed us in a ravine. I stopped Calvin from stepping on a mine.
His foot was coming right down on the trigger when I saw it. We share constant
danger when we're in the field. I don't think I can deny them a little fun just
because we're married."

  Patty had wanted to say, "So what's you're really trying to say is that if one
of them wants to fuck me, I lay down and spread my legs," but she let it pass.
Patty wasn't exactly a prude but she wasn't promiscuous either. However, she was
deeply in love with Mario, determined to be a good army wife no matter what it
required; so she mentally prepared herself to going along with what Mario
wanted.

  "Look, when she turned toward the bandstand, you can see her nipples. That
white top must be paper thin, absolutely fucking- A boob knobs, Man I'd like to
adjust those to get my favorite channel," said Calvin.

  Patty looked over at the bar to see whom the men were talking about.  There
was a gorgeous blonde seated at the end of the bar. She was wearing a short
white skirt that showed off incredibly long and perfectly shaped legs. She wore
a matching white silk top with spaghetti shoulder straps completing the outfit.
Even from across the room, you could see the large bumps her nipples made in the
material. A pair of white high heel scandals and expensive white and gold
jewelry complemented her hair and bronze tan.

  "She does look sort of out of place. I'd have to say she's out of our league.
I think I've seen her before, She's pretty enough to be a model or on
television," offered Patty.

  "My black ass would look so wonderful with those long legs wrapped around
them," said Leroy.

  "Patty's right. She's definitely out of your league," offered Barbara. She'd
been letting Leroy's hand rest between her legs. The feeling of his rough
callused hand stroking her bare thighs was driving her crazy.

  Just like I fucked the whole team to get Alonzo Moore's cock in my cunt, I may
have to fuck Abe's entire unit to get to Leroy thought Barbara.

  Barbara was resisting whispering 'higher' in Leroy's ear. Although Barbara was
white, her second and current husband, Harry, who was deployed in Yemen, was
black. She'd taken one look a Leroy when she and Kay arrived at The Right Flank
and decided that tonight she was going to satisfy her need for black cock.
Barbara had maneuvered the seating in the booth so she was right beside Leroy.
She moved over to where her thigh was pressing against his. Leroy had a master's
degree in Middle Eastern languages and was not a slow learner. He indicated he'd
received her signal loud and clear when he placed his hand on the inside of her
naked thigh and began slowly stroking it upward toward her crotch. The fact that
he hadn't yet reached her pussy was driving Barbara up the wall. She was
resisting the urge to scream, "Higher."

  "Well, there are only three of us girls and six of you, why don't one of you
fearless warriors walk over there and ask her to join us. All she can do is say
No. Just pretend she's a suspected terrorist and you'd like to question her,"
said Kay, a little surprised that Abe or one of the others hadn't been all over
the blonde at the bar. Normally they were anything but shy.

  "I'd like to interrogate her. I know exactly how I'd go about it," offered
Calvin looking at the woman and the bar and feeling his cock stir.

  "I bet she'd open her mouth as soon as we showed her our weapons," chimed in
Danny, at twenty the youngest of the group but physically the largest. Danny, at
6'5" and 250 pounds towered over the other men in the unit.

  "Those legs just seem to go on forever and I love the way her zickers are
showing. The way she's dressed she's got to be horny and looking for action,"
said Press. Press was known as the brains of the group. He also had a master's
degree in Middle Eastern History from Berkley and spoke several Middle Eastern
languages.

  It was still early at The Right Flank. It was fifteen minutes until the band
started playing at nine.

  "We should invite her over before the music starts," said Abe.

  "Right, these pussy hounds will mob her, once the band plays," offered Calvin.

  However, no one made a move toward the lady. The six guys sat frozen. Each one
stared at his beer bottle and waited for someone else to make the first move.

  "I'll ask her. We girls need to even up the odds," said Patty standing up and
pushing her skirt down. She had to take a break from being stroked by Mario and
Press.

  I need to either get up or make Mario take me out to the car and fuck me
decided Patty. Or maybe he'll just tell Press to take the first shot since he
could screw me anytime.

  Patty figured the light wasn't good enough for anyone to see a damp spot on
her skirt if there was one. Patty also considered this was an opportunity to
show Mario's buddies that he had married someone with some moxie. Men were such
cowards when it came to certain things. These six guys had spent the last six
months going into caves filled with booby traps and terrorists but they couldn't
get up enough guts to walk twenty feet across a bar room floor and ask a woman
to join them.

  Patty may have been a little naive girl from Southern Mississippi but she was
smart enough to figure out that women didn't come to The Right Flank because the
beer was cheap or the band was talented. They came to meet a Special Ops
soldier, dance, and end their evening having some good healthy sex with a man
who was in superb physical condition and could fuck their brains out.

  As Patty approached the bar, she saw the woman was even more incredibly
beautiful that Patty had realized from a distance. The lady was dressed like
someone Patty saw in one of those high fashion magazines like Vogue or Elle that
she read at the beauty salon. By comparison, she made Patty feel very
unsophisticated and plain. Patty would have liked to forget the whole idea but
she was afraid of what Mario would say if she chickened out. The lady turned her
head toward Patty as she approached and smiled. That encouraged Patty to speak.

  "Hi, my name's Patty, Patty Escobar. My friends and I were wondering if you
would like to join us for a drink. I'll understand if you're not interested,"
blurted out Patty as she extended her hand toward the lady, "We're seated in
that booth over in that corner." Patty gestured toward the booth.

  Hello Patty, I'm Candace. Are you sure they wouldn't mind?" said Candace
Williams taking Patty's hand and shaking it. Patty remembered how it felt warm
to her touch. Patty could have sworn she felt a surge of energy pass into her
hand.

  "No, we'd love to have you.  It's a unit of Special Forces that just got
rotated back from the Middle East. They've been gone for six months and they saw
a lot of action in Afghanistan. The two other girls and I are out to show them a
good time in appreciation for their efforts to protect America from terrorists.
We invited some other ladies but we asked late and they already had plans.
There's six of them and three of us. You'd help even up the odds. Pardon me, are
you somebody famous?"

  "Not hardly, just here on business. I live in Boston. But you're not from here
either?"

  "No, I'm just a country girl from Tupelo, Mississippi. I've only been married
a little over six months but Mario, that's my husband, he's the curly headed one
on the end, has been overseas for almost the entire time. Those guys are in his
unit."

  "Must be tough on a young bride for her husband to go away for six months."

  "It was. I stayed in Tupelo with my folks until Mario got back last week.
Living with Mom and Dad after I was married like to have driven me crazy."

  "But now your soldier has returned and you want him to have a good time and be
proud of you. You came over here to invite me in order to impress his buddies."

  "You're very perceptive, Candace. I do want them to like me."

  "Nothing wrong with a wife trying to please her husband. I'm married and know
the feeling."

  "Oh, I'm sorry. I didn't know you were married."

  "Dan's in Boston now with our daughter. Don't worry though. Dan and I give
each other the freedom to enjoy ourselves when we travel."

  "Listen, you look like a real lady. I think I ought to warn you that these
guys are pretty free with their hands. They've been in the desert away from the
women for months. Maybe you should think about it."

  "Is that why I can smell your cunt? You've been letting them feel you up under
the table? I can tell they've got your vagina stimulated to the point that you
need to cum or take a cold shower."

  "Wow, I can't believe you said that or know it. Mario and Press, that's
Mario's best friend, have been feeling me up since we got here. Frankly, they've
just about driven me crazy. Can you really smell it on me?"

  "Yes, I can but I have a much keener sense of smell than most. Don't worry
about it. Besides, it's a wonderful smell that gets males excited and ready to
rut. Getting men ready to fuck is one of we girls missions in life, isn't it?"

  "You really tell it like it is. I guess you're right. I have to get used to
the idea that the Special Ops guys share everything including wives."

  "Don't worry about me. I understand perfectly well that if I sit down with
you, there's going to be a hand up my skirt. Frankly, I find the thought of that
exciting.  I live a pretty subdued existence back in Boston and these occasional
trips are my only chance to get out and have some uninhibited fun. If you like,
I'll join you and give the men another pussy to play with," said Candace as she
stood up.

  Patty had been astounded at how forthright Candace had been. Patty took a
couple of deep inhales as the walked back to see if she could smell her own wet
cunt. But all Patty could smell was stale beer and cigarettes.

  Patty gave Mario a "Mission Accomplished" look as she and Candace arrived at
the corner booth. Patty introduced Candace to everyone. They rearranged the
seating so Candace was between Abe and Calvin. As a reward, Patty got a kiss
from Mario and an immediate offer to dance as soon as they returned. The band
had started and within a few seconds the dance floor was crowded.

  "May I have the pleasure of this dance?" asked Abe standing up and extending
his hand. He was working hard at being nice. He felt a little overwhelmed by
Candace. Abe was used to having decent looking women around him but Candace was
way beyond that. Still in spite of his reputation for being a take-charge guy,
he found himself more than a little intimidated as they walked toward the dance
floor. Most of the time, Abe aggressively played the role of  "alpha" male more
inclined to grab a woman's tits and ass than politely ask her to dance. But this
one was different somehow. 

  The first dance was fast but the second was slow. Abe was a big guy and he
wrapped his arms around Candace and pulled her close. Candace pressed her crotch
against Abe's cock then she pushed his hand down to where it rested on her butt.

  "That feels good," said Candace breathing deeply as she ground her crotch
against the lump in Abe's fatigues.

  "You got a great ass, Candace."

  "Thanks, I like the way you're holding it."

  "Everyone said you looked a little too upscale for this place."

  "I thought about dressing down but forgot to pack any casual clothes. I hope
you won't hold my appearance against me. In spite of the clothes, I'm very
interested in partying with you and your friends. I came here tonight to get
laid not make a fashion statement." Candace emphasized her point by once again
pressing her pubic mound against Abe's crotch.

  "A woman that comes immediately to the point. I like that." Abe cupped
Candace's buttocks to pull her closer against his crotch. Candace felt his cock
harden as he pressed it into her pubic area. 

 After that dance, they returned to the table. Over the next two hours, Candace
danced with all six of the men. When the band finally went on break, she found
herself once again between Abe and Calvin. Calvin slipped a hand under her top
and slid it onto her breast.

  "I've been dying to do that all night, ever since I saw you at the bar with
your nipples poking out, Man, those are nice and firm. And you buds are hard as
sapphires. They feel so warm too, like a loaf of just baked bread.  I can see
why you don't wear a bra," said Calvin as he gently squeezed Candace's nipple
with his finger.

  "You should have come over earlier. I'd have let you feel them at the bar if
you'd asked."

  Candace wrapped her hand around Calvin's and squeezed it so it held her boob
tighter. She reached up and gave Calvin a deep tongue kiss then kissed Abe.

  "No bra and a bare cunt. Where you been all my life Candace?" whispered Abe as
he slipped a finger inside Candace's wet pussy. Abe had pushed the crotch of her
thong panties to one side and was rubbing her clit. Candace had spread her legs
the minute she felt Abe's hand on her thigh. She was so wet that he easily
inserted his finger inside of her cunt.   

  "I bet you say that to all the girls you finger fuck," breathed Candace
enjoying the sensation of Abe's finger sliding in and out of her vagina.

  Somewhere around 11:00PM, Abe became aware that the sexual behavior at their
table was going far beyond what was acceptable even for a place like The Right
Flank. The lounge's management tolerated a little discreet hand action under the
table but things were way beyond that.

  Barbara actually had Leroy's cock out of his pants and was leaning over
sucking it. You could see her going down on Leroy's wet pole from across the
room. Kay and Patty were kneeling down under the table sucking cock. Mario had
warned the group that Patty was a little shy and everyone should take it easy
with her. The fact that she had slipped under the table to suck Press's cock
contradicted that in a big way.

  Abe was amazed at how wild things had gotten. At the start, he'd only expected
a good deal of grab ass then a quick fuck or blowjob in the back of Kay or
Barbara' car as the evening ended. Abe had hoped that Patty would turn out to be
a crowd pleaser and let the guys take a turn with her too. Now, you could hear
her noisily sucking Press's cock. Mario's wife seemed to be a hot little number
which was a surprise given that the first twenty minutes she had seemed about to
panic it when Press and Mario were feeling her up under the table.

  But once Candace arrived, the women were all over the men, including Candace
who was leading the way by letting Calvin openly play with her exposed tits
while Abe slipped a finger in her very hot and wet cunt.  Candace had taken both
men's cocks out of their fatigues and was busily giving them a hand job.

  Abe looked around and didn't like what he saw. Several other soldiers and
women were staring at their table. One of the managers was also looking their
way. Drawing attention made Abe nervous. If they didn't get out of there soon,
some drunken soldier would decide to horn in on the action and a fight would
break out. That could mean MPs and big trouble, definitely not a cool thing to
happen.

  "Let's get out of here. We got too may lookers," announced Abe.

  "Sure, man but where to, no where on base," asked Leroy?

  "Not my place, I got two kids at home," said Barbara.

  "My Mom's staying over," said Kay.

  "Let's go to my hotel. There's plenty of room and its not far," suggested
Candace.

  "How do the ten of us get there?" asked Calvin.

  "I have a stretch limo outside. It should hold us," replied Candace.

  "A limo?"

  "Yes, let me call the driver and tell her we're going to leave." Candace
pulled a cell phone out of her handbag and pressed a button. After a moment, she
started to talk.

  "Rhonda, we're all going back to the hotel. Are you ready? That's great. Bring
them along."

  "Your driver's a woman?"

  "Rhonda's more than a driver. She's a friend."

  When the party of ten walked out of The Right Flank there was a white stretch
limousine waiting with Rhonda holding the door open. Rhonda was dressed in a
leather mini-skirt and a ruffled white silk blouse. Candace kissed Rhonda on the
lips as she reached the limousine door. When they were all inside, Calvin who
had very impressed with the 6'2" Rhonda piped up.

  "Who was that? She was gorgeous? Can we ask her to join us?"

  "Rhonda is gorgeous but her taste doesn't run to men," replied Candace.

  "So she's just going to hang out while we party?"

  Candace pressed the button that rolled down the partition between the
limousine coach and the driver. There was Rhonda and two young female soldiers
dressed in fatigues. The two young females were making out while Rhonda drove.

  "Rhonda, what are you going to be doing while we party?"

  "I'm going to take Corporals Lewis and Talbot to my suite and we're going to
play licky-licky."

  "Enjoy yourself. They look delicious," responded Candace pressing the button
to close the partition.

  "Let's do some fucking on the way there," said Candace pulling her skirt up to
her waist and pulling the crotch of her thong aside to expose her bare sex.

    "Come over here and get licky-licky with me, Sergeant Sharpe. I want to cum
all over your face. Let's see how well you eat pussy." Candace used her fingers
to spread her labia, "Just suck on that little knob and lick around the hole."

  Abe hesitated for a moment.

  "Dive in, it's wet enough," said Candace.

   Abe knelt down in front of Candace as she spread her legs wide. Abe realized
this was a first. The other members of his team knew that an ironclad rule was
being violated. Abe prided himself on "not going down". Eating pussy was
something for effeminate men and Yankees. East Tennessee mountain men as a rule
did not muff dive. But this Candace was different. He felt her hand wrap itself
around the back of his head and effortlessly push his face against her cunt. Abe
found he had no will to resist as he applied his tongue to Candace's dripping
wet snatch.

  "Wow, never thought I'd see that," was all Calvin managed to say.

  "Come here boob man and suck on Momma's tits," said Candace to Calvin as she
pulled up her top to expose her breasts. Calvin grabbed one breast in one hand
and attacked the other with his mouth. Candace looked over to see that Barbara
was in the limo floor being screwed dog style by Leroy while she sucked Mario's
cock. Leroy's long black prick was wet with her juices and she was grunting and
pushing back in unison with Leroy thrusting forward.

  "Oh God, I love black cock, Leroy, fuck the shit out of me," said Barbara
removing Mario's dick from her mouth long enough to make a statement.

  Kay was facing Dan ridding up and down his cock like a woman possessed. Her
top was pushed up and Dan was sucking her nipples as they screwed.

  "Pound it in me, Dan, give me everything you got," screamed Kay.

   Patty was on her back with her legs pressed back to her ears accepting long
strokes from Press's eight inches.

  "Press, stick your finger up my ass while you fuck me," moaned Patty as she
pushed her cunt forward to take Press's cock each time he slammed it down into
her dripping pussy.

   Abe's mouth was taking long pleasurable licks of Candace's cunt. Candace
noticed he was starting to lick the area below her pussy. She scooted further
down in the seat and pulled her legs up to where the heels were braced against
the roof of the limo.

  "There you go, Abe, now suck on my asshole," sad Candace putting her hand in
Abe's hair and pushing his head further down until his tongue began to take
swipes across her brown hole. Candace fingered her clit as she spoke to Calvin.

  "Bit my tits, Calvin, chew on them, make it hurt."

  Calvin responded by camping Candace's nipple between his teeth and biting down
hard.

  "That's right, Calvin, gnaw on those titties," moaned Candace, "All right,
Abe, enough rug munching, slide that big cock in my hole and let's see if you
can fuck as well as you can soldier."

  Abe got up took his cock out and pushed it into the wet hole his mouth had
just left. Candace wrapped her legs around Abe and dug the pointed heels of her
sandals into his butt crack. She massaged his asshole with her heels as they
fucked like horny lesser primates desperately anxious to breed.

  "My mouth needs a dick in it and Calvin, you're elected," said Candace.

Calvin immediately pushed forward sliding his cock in Candace's mouth.

  "Hold my head and fuck my face, ram your cock down my throat. Don't be a pair
of pussies. I want it rough," said Candace right before Calvin slid his meat
between her lips.

  By the time, the limo pulled up to the drop off at the hotel, Candace had
Calvin's load in her mouth and Abe's in her cunt. They couldn't immediately exit
as Barbara and Leroy were still fucking dog style. Mario had blown a full load
into Barbara's mouth. Candace leaned over and gave Barbara a long passionate
kiss tasting Mario's cum. Candace fondled Barbara's breasts and twisted her
nipples as Leroy started shouting, "I'm coming. I'm coming, white whore."

   Barbara climaxed as Leroy filled her pussy with spunk. All of the guys had
climaxed on the short drive to the hotel. The ten managed to get enough of their
clothes on to get through the hotel lobby without attracting undue attention.
The Westin was a brand new twenty two-story hotel with a plexi-glass elevator
attached to the outside of the building. The elevator overlooked the town and
Fort Bragg as it rose over the flat terrain.

  As soon as the elevator left the lobby, Candace hike her skirt up and pulled
Dan's cock out and wrapped her arms around his bull neck to raise herself up.
Hanging onto his neck with one hand She grabbed Dan's cock with the other and
guided it into her hole as she lowered herself down impaling her twat on his
cock.

  "Go girl go," said Kay spreading the cheeks of Candace's butt and slipping her
index finger in Candace's asshole, "Here, let me work that tight ass while you
ride Dan's cock."

  "I want to put my finger in too," said Barbara slipping her finger in
Candace's ass.

  "And Patty makes three," said Patty pushing her pointer finger inside
Candace's anus.

  "Three fingers in my ass, go deeper" moaned Candace as she furiously fucked
herself on Dan's cock, "Pull girls, and open my shit hole in three directions."

  "God I love this dirty talk," said Patty, "I'm doing things tonight I've never
done before and I'm loving it."

  Candace looked out over the local town as her heels locked onto the waist high
rail around the elevator's perimeter. She commanded her vagina to squeeze Dan's
cock along its entire length. Dan moaned each time she squeezed. It felt good to
be hanging off big Dan with his cock inside her. The feeling of being watched by
eight others excited her. She fucked Dan as they passed up the twenty-two floors

  "Nothing like screwing in front of a crowd, I guess I'm an exhibitionist, "
said Candace as she pumped away.

  Except for Dan, the five men watched open mouthed as Candace fucked Dan like a
woman possessed. Right before the door opened on the top floor, Dan announced he
was about to climax.

  "I'm going to cum, I'm going to fill you up bitch," said Dan.

  "I want it in my mouth," said Candace quickly changing to kneel before Dan,
stroking his cock with one hand while her mouth enveloped the head of his cock.
She used the other to push hard against the base of his nuts.

  "I want all the cream in those big nuts," said Candace.

  Dan's body convulsed as he spewed semen in Candace's mouth. Candace sucked Dan
dry as the elevator door opened. Patty reached over and pushed the elevator's
Stop button. Candace stood up and wrapped her arms around the three other women
bring them together for a group kiss. The four engaged in deep tongue kisses as
they swapped Dan's semen among them.

  "That was just so fucking hot," announced Kay when they kissing stopped.

  "Ladies, let's take these guys into my suite and fuck them till they beg us to
stop," said Candace.

   Candace began to strip naked as soon as they exited the elevator. By the
time, her card key opened the door of her suite; she was wearing only her
sandals and a thong that was pushed over to the side. She slipped the thong off
and kicked the shoes aside as soon as she got inside. The group took a moment to
take in the fact that they had just stepped into the Presidential Suite at the
hotel. It was very large and beautifully furnished. Glass walls overlooked the
downtown area.

  "The bar is over there. There are a couple of cases of beer on ice. There's
also wine and hard liquor. Help yourself to whatever." The men immediately moved
toward the bar.

  "What do you say we show these guys how much we like to fuck?" said Candace.

  Abe was amazed that the other three women also stripped as soon as they were
inside the suite. Clothes were thrown in every direction. There was a large open
area in front of a gas fireplace. Candace turned the gas on automatically
starting the fire.

  "I love to jerk off in front of a fireplace," said Candace as she sat down in
a well-upholstered armchair and spread her legs over the arms. When her sex was
totally exposed, she licked her fingers and started fingering her clit. She
slipped several fingers of her other hand into her vagina.

  "You know I'm a lucky girl. My G-spot is right inside the opening. Come here
girls and feel it. 

  Kay walked over and stuck two fingers in Candace's cunt.

  "You right, it's right inside your pussy. Mine's a good three or four inches
inside. Yours feels huge and my God it's hot to the touch."

  "Let me feel," said Barbara slipping her fingers inside Candace, "Yea, it
right here and it kind of feels like it's got a life of its own. Here Patty feel
that," Patty inserted two fingers and stroked the slightly raised and rough
patch of flesh right inside Candace's vagina.

  "That's why I'm such a horny slut," said Candace as she played with herself.

  "Let's the four of us jerk off for the fellows. Guys love to watch a woman
masturbate. You guys get a beer, bring us a glass of chardonnay and watch us
frig ourselves."

  The women positioned themselves on various pieces of furniture, spread their
legs and began to masturbate. Dan returned from the bar with beer and wine and
handed them out.

  Before Dan could twist off the cap of his beer, Candace stopped him.

  "Here let me open that for you," said Candace reaching out her hand to take
the beer bottle. Candace inserted the neck of the bottle in her cunt and twisted
the bottle through a couple of revolutions. She pulled the open beer bottle out
of her cunt and handed it to Dan.

  "Catch", said Candace as she aimed her vagina slightly upward and expelled the
cap straight into the air. Dan caught it head high. He opened his hand, took one
look at it, his eyes widening in amazement.

  "She bent the fucking cap in two with her cunt," said Dan handing the bent cap
to Abe.

 Abe looked at the bent bottle cap and shook his head in disbelief.

 The six men watched the women spread her legs wide to expose their sex. The
three women imitated Candace licking their fingers to wet them for a clit
massage while the fingers of their other hand entered their pussy or asshole.
Mario watched in disbelief as Patty let out a stream of filthy words as she
worked her clit with three fingers of her other hand sliding in and out her
asshole.

  "Our little show getting you studs ready to fuck some more," asked Candace,
"Get naked. Take your dicks out and let's see you play with them."

  "Oh shit, fuck, God damn, this cock loving slut is about to come," yelled
Candace. This was immediately followed by a noisy pussy fart as Candace's vagina
forced air through its opening.  The other three women climaxed in a matter of
moments.

   "I see the men are still not ready. Let's four girls form a daisy chain and
eat pussy, nothing makes me cum faster that a woman's mouth sucking and licking
my parts," said Candace, "You boys sit there and play with your cocks while we
show you how we like our cunts eaten."

  Mario was astonished to see Patty lie down on the pile carpet first. He
recalled her telling him she had never had sex with a female nor could she ever
imagine herself with another woman.

  "It's unnatural and disgusting," was how Mario remembered Patty phrasing it.
But there his bride of six months was with a wild hungry look in her eyes and
her mouth eager to begin sucking and licking one of the messy cum-filled cunts
that was being positioned over her mouth.

  "I haven't eaten pussy since my big sister and I got drunk on Jaggermeister,"
announced Barbara.

  "Well, pretend I'm your big sister and get to work on this," said Kay.

  Patty wondered what possessed her as she drove her tongue into Candace's cunt. 
She was reveling in the taste of Abe and Dan's cum mixed with Candace's copious
juices.

   "I've never been this turned on in my entire life. All I want to do is fuck
and fuck and fuck until I'm exhausted," thought Patty, "Kay and Barbara must
feel the same. Barbara looks absolutely wild eyed."

  Kay was between her legs sucking Press' spunk out of her while Barbara did Kay
and Candace was taking long delicious licks of Barbara's cunt as she fingered
Barbara's vagina.

  The men had gotten naked and were sitting around playing with their cocks
watching the women eat each other.  The guys drank and masturbated as they
watched the women. Several times the girls switched so that by the end, each had
eaten everyone else's pussy.

  The guys were ready for more fucking by the time the girls reached orgasm.

  "Let's do a round robin gang bang. Two minutes in a hole, then you switch to
the next girl," suggested Candace.

   Candace arranged herself and the three women in a star or plus configuration.
Candace and Patty were head to head.

  "Okay, come and get some twat. I got a hungry hole here," said Kay.

  Four of the guys mounted their pussies and started to pump away. Press and
Mario were left out.

  "Press, squat down and straddle our faces. Put your cock in Patty' mouth but
hang your butt over my face and I'll lick your asshole. Mario you do the same
with Kay and Barbara," said Candace.

   It took a good while for all six of the guys to climax.

  When the last soldier drained his jism into a hot hole, Candace took everyone
over to the bar on one side of the room. It was time for a short break. Everyone
helped himself or herself to whatever drink they wanted. Abe was drinking a beer
out of a long necked bottle when Candace walked over and took the beer bottle
out of his hand then slowly shoved it into her cunt.

  "Here, let me add a little flavor," said Candace twisting the bottle inside
her cunt several times before she handed it back to Abe. Abe took the bottle
back and drank. Abe realized the situation was totally out of his control. He
could taste cum, saliva, and Candace's own juice. Ordinarily, he would have
thought that was disgusting but he found his cock getting harder as he swallowed
the beer and pussy cocktail.

  Abe had realized in the limo when he ate Candace's pussy, that he had no will
of his own. The four women were depraved lionesses. Abe felt that no act no
matter how extreme was beyond the group if Candace said to do it.

    Abe had even realized before they left The Right Flank that Candace was
directing the show. She was in control of him and everybody else in the room.
The three women would have jumped out of the window if Candace ordered it. He
wasn't sure that he wouldn't either.

  "I got to get something for our next round," announced Candace as she left the
room.

  Candace left the nine naked people at the bar. Barbara had started to play
with Leroy's cock again. Candace returned in a minute with several large tubes
of K-Y jelly.

  "Ladies, I think it's time these guys packed our fudge. What do you say? The
Hershey Highway is open to travel."

  "Fuck yes, I want your cock in my ass pushing my shit out my mouth. Lube me up
and let's do some ass fucking," said Barbara as she wanked Leroy's cock.

  Candace stood in front of Abe then turned around and bent over grabbing her
ankles. She shifted her buttocks to expose her asshole.

  "You ready to get in there and stir my turds? I want my shit pushed. Are you
man enough to do it?"

  "Bend over, bitch, and let me lube you up," said Abe as he took the tube of
K-Y out of her hand and unscrewed the cap. Anal intercourse was something Abe
liked but most women weren't up for it.

  "I think we girls all want out shit pushed," said Candace as she bent down and
grabbed her ankles once again presenting her asshole to Abe.

  "Lube me up and stick that black dick in my shitter," said Barbara to Leroy as
she leaned over a barstool. Kay and Patty followed suit and in a matter of
minutes the men were passing the tubes of K-Y around as they worked globs of the
lubricant into the assholes of each of the women. The ass fucking started.
Candace grunted as Abe worked his cock into her butt hole. Candace squeezed his
cock as soon as she felt his balls slap against her pussy. Candace turned her
head to speak, her body shaking with lust.

  "Fuck my ass Abe, I'm a nasty girl. When you get shit on your dick, I'm going
to lick it off."

  Abe pumped Candace's ass as she grunted. Around him the other three women were
having their shit stirred. When Leroy pulled his cock out of Barbara's ass, a
large glob of shit was on the tip of his pecker. He walked around to the other
side and stuck his shit-smeared cock against Patty's lips.

  Eat it, you shit licking white whore," said Leroy smearing shit over Patty's
lips. Patty opened her mouth and took it in savoring the taste of Barbara's
shit. Leroy used the tip of his cock to push the shit off Patty's lips onto her
tongue.

  Candace was alternating licking shit off Dan and Abe's cock. Both men dumped
her load in Candace's ass. After Candace had cleaned the shit off both their
cocks, she looked around to see that the men were finished. Candace was stroking
her clit as she turned to Barbara and spoke.

  "I want to eat a hot one right out of your ass. Let's go in the bathroom."

  Barbara didn't hesitate for one second. Everyone followed the two women into
the extra large master bath. Barbara squatted over Candace's open mouth and
grunted a couple of times.

  "Look at that asshole pop open. What a beautiful turd. Came here baby and fall
right in Momma's mouth," said Candace as she reached up to lick the brown stick
slowly emerging from Barbara's anus. The girls played with their clits and the
guys stroked their cocks as they watched Barbara's asshole slowly open and a
soft brown turd appear. Candace arched her back to raise her head and wrap her
lips around the warm slug of shit. The eight watched in fascination as Candace
chewed and swallowed the shit as it slowly emerged.

  "This is ordinarily way past my limits," thought Abe, "Normally, I'd leave
these shit eating whores in disgust and head back to base but I don't feel like
I have the will to do that. Candace is calling the shots. I'm just along for the
ride."

  "Who wants their shit eaten? I need a hot turd to chew on," announced Patty
laying on her back and throwing open her mouth.  Press walked over and squatted
over Patty's face. He spread his cheeks and began to slowly push out a light
brown soft stick of shit.

  "Nice and gooey," said Patty as she consumed Press's shit.

  "I need some of that," said Calvin as she joined Patty beneath Press's shit
spewing asshole. He and Patty shared parts of Press's bowel movement. They
tongue kissed swirling and mixing the shit in each other's mouth. Everyone
joined in the scat party. For the next twenty-five minutes, the six men and four
women ate warm shit as it emerged from each other's asshole. Gender didn't
matter. Abe later realized he had taken at least a small turd from each of his
five buddies as they had from his. It was after three in the morning when
Candace pushed everyone into the two bathrooms to shower off. 

  After everyone had found their clothes and dressed, Candace handed Abe the
keys to the limo.

  "I don't want to bother Rhonda. Take everyone either home or to their car,"
said Candace who was still naked. Abe was seated in an armchair with Candace in
his lap.  He was waiting for the others to finish dressing. Candace kissed Abe
running her tongue over his.

  "You still got shit between your teeth. I like that in a man," said Candace.

  "You are one crazy lady. I'll leave the limo on base," said Abe.

  "No problem, Rhonda will arrange to pick it up."

  "You wore us out, Candace. We're lucky tomorrow's going to be an easy day."

  "Easy?"

  "Yea, there is some Senator coming to look at our training program. My unit
was selected to host the Senator. The brass's PR guys make us pretend the
Senator's part of the program. That usually means we don't do shit because the
Army doesn't want to embarrass the visitors. So instead of running ten miles we
walk two. It's a fucking joke."

  "That's good since you guys look a little beat and its after three," said
Candace kissing Abe goodbye as everyone left. The three women thanked Candace
profusely for giving them a wonderful time.

    It was 0900 when Abe and his unit along with other members of the battalion
gathered on the parade ground to start the days training. There had been very
little time to talk at breakfast in the mess hall. The six were still tired from
last night's activities and the lack of sleep.

  "That was God awful weird last night. I just hope it doesn't get around about
what we did," said Abe.

  "I asked Patty to talk to Kay and Barbara about keeping their mouth's shut,"
said Mario.

  "We'd be known as the 'Special Ops shit eaters', everyone on this base would
be laughing their ass off at us," said Calvin.

  "What made us do that?" asked Press.

  "Damned if I know, it was weird, that Candace had control over the women and
us," said Dan. "I could sense the force was with her."

  "For the love of God, don't start that Star Wars shit," said Abe.

  "Maybe she was just so fucking hot, we all went along with whatever she said,"
offered Press.

  "I can't believe I went down on her right in front of you guys. Everyone knows
that Abe Sharpe doesn't eat pussy, let alone some whore's shit, that's sick,"
said Abe.

  "Hey, not so loud, keep it down. But something was definitely out of control.
Or under Candace's control. You know Patty's sort of shy and inexperienced. I
thought the first time one of you grabbed her butt, she'd go catatonic and
scream her head off.  Last night, she fucked all of you, ate pussy for the first
time ever, got fucked in the ass for the first time ever and swallowed a belly
full of shit. This morning before I left she told me she had a great time. I
couldn't shut her up about Candace. She went on and on about what a terrific
person she was," said Mario

  "She must be great. I was down there eating Candace's shit right along beside
Patty, " said Calvin, and it was a loose turd too.

  "You guys, I'm eating breakfast here. I won't be able to get these eggs down
if you keep it up. Let's talk about shit eating after chow," said Leroy.

  The battalion came to attention as the general's staff car pulled up. A
lieutenant hurried to open the car door and out stepped Candace dressed in a
pair of army fatigues with the name 'Williams' stenciled across the pocket. The
general stepped out beside her.

  "It's fucking her, we're dead, fucking dead," whispered Mario, "Patty kept
saying she was somebody."

  "She's a fucking senator?" exclaimed Dan. "The Emperor in the last Star Wars
was a Senator."

  "No talking in the ranks," hissed the Lieutenant standing nearby. The general
had assumed the podium and was starting to speak.

  "We're very pleased to welcome one of our newly elected Senators, Candace
Williams from the state of Massachusetts. Senator Williams has made one of her
first priorities visiting this facility and taking a close look at our training
program for Special Operations personnel," said Lieutenant General Teller. The
general went on to explain that Senator Williams had been very helpful to the
Armed Services when she served in the House of Representatives and the Army was
looking forward to working even more closely with her now that she was in the
Senate and a member of the Senate Armed Services committee.

  "I ate a hot turd right out of her asshole, that's cooperation," said Abe.

  "Sharpe, shut the fuck up," said the Lieutenant in a harsh whisper.

  After a few more preliminaries, Candace and the General appeared in front of
Abe and his unit.

  "Sergeant Sharpe, this is Senator Williams. She'll be observing your training
activities today.  Senator, we usually start with a two-mile run to get warmed
up. Your welcome to come along if you're a runner or you can wait here until the
Sergeant and his men return.

  "Sergeant, two miles isn't very far. Is that your normal run?"

  "No, ma'am. Usually its ten miles but we find that's a little much for
visitors."

  "Let's do the ten mile run and if there's no objection, I'll set the pace,"
said Candace.

  "None, Senator, if you're sure you are up to it. These men train every day.
Sergeant, use your radio if the Senator should need a break and I need to send
my car."

  "Extraordinary woman," said the General to his aide after Candace and Abe's
unit departed, "she's been a real friend to the services ever since she came to
Congress. I just hope Sergeant Sharpe acts the diplomat."

  "The Sergeant's a good soldier. He'll do the right thing," answered the aide.

    "Senator Williams, would you mind slowing down, I'm not feeling well," said
Sgt Sharpe. They were almost at the five-mile post and would be turning back
soon. The men were covered in sweat and out of breath.  Calvin and Mario were
unable to keep up and had fallen back.

  "I'll reduce the pace. Are you feeling a little nauseated? Perhaps it was
something you ate, Sgt. Sharpe," replied Candace sounding as if she had been
walking, not running at a 4:30 per mile pace.

  "You know what we ate. Listen we all had a really great time and really
appreciate your taking the time to entertain us. It was nice of you."

  " I enjoyed it too, especially the part where we ate each other's shit after
we fucked each other's brains out. You got a nasty bunch, Sgt. Sharpe."

  "About that, we'd like for word about that not to get around," said Sgt.
Sharpe.

  "I promise, not a word will come from my shit stained lips," said a smiling
Senator Williams.

  "Can we walk for a while, Senator, my legs are starting to cramp up" said Abe.

    It was four o'clock in the afternoon when Senator Williams shook hands with
each member of the unit and said goodbye. She posed for pictures with each of
the soldiers. The General had given her a sweatshirt emblazoned with the 305th
Battalion of Special Operations crest. Sgt. Sharpe's men were exhausted. They
could barely walk. They collapsed when they got back to the barracks.

  "The Senator is a cyborg, like in that movie, Terminator," said Press.

  "No, I think she's a Jedi," said Dan.

  "A Jedi, grow up, Dan, she's a nymphomaniac shit eating slut even if she is a
US Senator," replied Mario.

  "Bullshit, Mario, it was like when Obi-Wan would tell the Storm Trooper to let
them by and he would just stand aside. She used the force to control us," argued
Dan.

  "Terminator, Jedi, nymphomaniac, all I can say is that it was the weirdest
fucking experience of my life. She runs ten miles at a pace that would challenge
a professional long distance runner," said Abe.

  "She speaks good Arabic. Farsi, and Persian, knows several dialects," said
Leroy.

  "She won the knife throwing competition," said Press, "I haven't lost that in
three years even at battalion level."

  "I think she set a new record for the obstacle course," said Dan. "It was
weird how she could climb a rope and my God did you see her jump. It was a good
ten yards."

  "She's the best fuck I ever had. When your cock was in her cunt, it was like
it you had stuck it in a milking machine," said Calvin. "It extracted the jism
right out of your balls."

  "Her ass was super tight and hot and it felt like it was massaging my cock
from the very tip to my balls," said Mario, "It was like it had a life all its
own."

  "I heard the Lieutenant and the Captain talking and they were saying that one
day she may be our first female president," said Abe.

  "My God, we fucked the next President in the mouth, pussy, and ass," added
Press.

 "And we ate her shit, hot right out of the hole," said Leroy.

  "I'll vote for her," added Calvin.

  "Me too," said Abe.




Chapter 22 -Arlene - Part 1



Please take note! Adults Only Literature

The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written for
adults only.

If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing this
file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
now.

This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
is purely coincidental, etc.

Email HarryBerg01@aol.com with your comments.

Copyright 2003

                                                                ****

  Candace translated the Portuguese as she read the note from Delgado.



My dearest Candace,

  I would like to begin by offering you my warmest congratulations on your
recent election to Minority Leader of the US Senate. You serve as an inspiration
to all of us who follow the Master. I wish you every success in your new
position.

  Senorina Arlene Fairchild, the lady whom you exiled to our safe keeping two
years ago attempted to persuade a customer of the brothel to aid her escape. She
had been repeatedly warned of the consequences of such action. The attempt was
unsuccessful, of course. Senor Enrique Podaris, the Manager of the Palace of
Sin, has taken no action in regard to this matter and awaits your instructions. 
If you decide to sanction her termination, he plans to make her execution an
example to the other whores. Senor Podaris will make a video of her being eaten
alive by Timeca and Zuma, his pet jaguars. (If you are interested in a personal
copy of her execution, it will be my pleasure to provide it.)

  Timeca and Zuma are magnificent animals whose species has been driven to the
brink of extinction by the destruction of the rain forest. On several occasions,
I have watched jaguars make a human kill. Invariably the pair mates immediately
afterwards and it is a moment of high eroticism to watch the male and female
engage in what in America would be called "very rough sex".

    Senor Polaris found a journal in Ms. Fairchild's possessions that I have
enclosed. I thought you would enjoy reading it and it might help you to decide
her fate. 

  We await your decision as to how to resolve this matter.



Your most obedient servant in the work of the Master,

Delgado



  Candace perused the thick spiral ring notebook that she had removed from the
courier envelope. It was less than five minutes since she had signed the
courier's log requiring her personally to acknowledge receipt of the package.
Candace was seated behind her desk in her new suite of offices in the Senate's
Russell Building. As Senate Minority Leader, Candace would be acquiring a larger
staff and the offices to accommodate them. Candace flipped open the cover of the
notebook. A lot of people had passed through Candace's life since that fateful
weekend at the Monastery of St. Therese; however she could recall the face of an
attractive young woman named Arlene Fairchild. Candace looked at the neat
penmanship of the first page then thumbed through the entire notebook noting
that it ended abruptly.

  Poor little Arlene, you had no idea what you were getting yourself into, maybe
you deserve a break thought Candace. She turned to the first page and began to
read.



Prologue



  I recall the last book I read, a Daniel Steele novel, had a Prologue so I
decided to have one in my story.  Of course, that was a novel and this is
autobiographical which probably means I'm doing something wrong. Although I was
a journalism major in college and worked at a newspaper, I have little idea how
to structure my biography. I'll just wing it and hopes it comes out all right. I
do recall all my professor's suggestions about making notes and organizing my
thoughts. However, I'm not going to be that formal. Here goes.

  There's not much to do here at the Palace between customers other than watch
television. Writing an account of how I came to be in this awful place is a way
to pass the time.  It's also a way to help me get through each day without going
insane. I'm sure no one will ever read this.

  The idea of writing my story to make the days go quicker came to me when I saw
this unused spiral notebook lying on a shelf in Aurora's room. Aurora's the only
whore with a separate room. That's because she's Enrique's main girl and he
depends on her to help with running the business.

   I was desperate for a way to occupy myself other than watching the soaps. I'm
not claiming to be an intellectual or anything like that. It's just the mind can
only take so many images of attractive well dressed people in clean and safe
places like Rio without attacking the television. Without too much effort, I
managed to talk Aurora out of the notebook. Luckily, she threw in a box of
medium blue ballpoints. I have no idea why Aurora had a blank notebook or the
pens.

  Aurora grew up in a slum or favela in Sao Paulo. Oddly it was named City of
God. Can you believe that? Aurora can neither read nor write but she does fuck
like a well-trained brothel girl. Not surprising since she started when she was
twelve and both her mother and grandmothers were whores before her. That makes
her a third generation whore. Since she gets regular meals and no one beats the
shit out of her when they're drunk, Aurora regards the Palace as a step up in
the world. She's told me about what happens in the City of God. It's hard to
imagine people living that way.

   Aurora like most whores is damn good at eating pussy. When she goes to work
on your cunt with her mouth and fingers, you know you're only moments away from
a prolonged mind blowing climax. She's had her head between my legs and I've
done the same for her. A whore will always tell you she'd rather suck a clit
than a dick. I guess that's logical given that dicks are work and clits are
leisure.

  When Aurora offered me the notebook and pens, requesting nothing in return, it
struck me as odd. LaPenera is a cruel and unfeeling world and anything that
smacks of generosity or kindness seems out of place.

  "Take these too, I'll never use them," said Aurora handing me the unopened box
of pens. The lettering on the outside of the box was in English just like they
were ordered from an office supply house in the states. How they came to be in a
mining town deep in Amazonia is a mystery. Maybe an American engineer left them
one night while getting laid at Enrique's Palace of Sin.

  Aurora gave them to me soon after I arrived. At the time, Enrique was using
Naomi, Denise, Aurora, and myself to make a series of scat and fetish videos to
be sold through the Internet. Maybe the fact that the four of us were appearing
in the same videos made her feel sisterly. Maybe it was that she and I had spent
the day slowly eating each other's turds as we pushed them out of our assholes.
However, I doubt it. More likely, she was just getting rid of things she
couldn't use.

  Shit, I'm getting ahead of myself plus this sounds entirely too maudlin. I'll
describe this place and what goes on here in the proper sequence of my story. A
good reporter tells her story in a straightforward manner that the average
reader can easily understand. One of my journalism professors at University of
New Hampshire used to say over and over again, "You're not trying to write War
and Peace, your trying to make sure that the brain dead prick who reads your
story at the breakfast table understands the simple fact that there were three
dead and two survivors in yesterday's crash on I-93."

  Therefore for you brain dead pricks let me get my shit together and describe
events in the order they occurred. I apologize for the confused and disorderly
way this story began. Keep in mind, I'm not using word processing software but
writing this out in long hand. I can't go back and change the previous
paragraphs without making a bug fucking hash out of the notebook, so bear with
me. Also, I haven't written cursive in months actually years, and am out of
practice. I hope you can read my writing. Revisions aren't easy and there's no
spell checker. Please keep all this in mind and cut me some slack.

  First, let's begin with some background material. You need to know that in
order to really understand how everything happened. I warn you that this is
neither a pretty story nor one for the kiddies.

  My full name is Arlene Graham Fairchild. I am twenty-five years old. Parents
are Sara Graham Fairchild and Ralph Baker Fairchild. Mom works in the Manchester
Public Library and dad sells casualty insurance for New England Life. They are
unremarkable third generation New England Yankees. If you've even seen Thornton
Wilder's "Our Town" you knows what they're all about.  In terms of the economic
ladder, I grew up lower middle class.  I guess the fact that I always wanted to
move up the economic ladder was a factor in how everything turned out. Money
does play a role in my story.

  I have a brother, Edward, who's three years older.  Ed flies helicopters for
the US Army, 101st Airborne. I'm not sure where Ed's stationed now. He might be
in Afghanistan or Iraq. Last I knew it was Fort Campbell, Kentucky.

  I was born, grew up, attended school, lived and worked in Manchester, New
Hampshire, the Granite State. That is until I found myself exiled in this Green
Hell they call the upper reaches of the Amazon (actually I'm on a tributary, the
Jivara River). For a girl who spent almost all her life in a state where the
motto is, "Live Free or Die" working as an indentured whore in a mining town
brothel is quite a leap.

  They say if you try hard enough, you can always find something interesting or
unique about every individual on the planet. I'm going to write a few paragraphs
that you might think have nothing much to do with anything but they are very
important to my life story. Trust me before the end of this, you'll understand
why.

  My hobby, avocation, life interest, whatever you choose to call it is Yoga. My
mother developed an interest in Yoga long before it became trendy. Mom got me
involved in Hatha Yoga when I was eleven. Children in India start at age five.
From the start, I loved it. Yoga, once you reach a certain level provides
incredible benefits to both mind and body. I was a certified Yoga instructor by
the time I was eighteen. During college, I made pocket money by teaching Yoga
classes to coeds three nights a week.

   It was during my sophomore year at UNH that I moved beyond Hatha Yoga into
Tantric. The girl that ran the coed fitness program at UNH asked me to help her
develop a course for coeds who'd recently given birth and needed to repair that
muscle group known as the "Pelvic Floor".  Pelvic Floor muscles control your
lower bowel, urinary tract and the lining of the birth canal. During childbirth,
these muscles get stretched to the maximum and loose their tone. As a result,
new mothers often suffer from a reduced capacity to control their bowel
movements and urination. They may also have lost muscle sensation in their
vagina. I'm sure you males have experienced one of your buds complaining that
the little woman's pussy could fit a bowling ball since she had bud junior.

  Hang with me a moment. I'm getting to the point. Exercising the Pelvic Floor
group is difficult because they've inside your body. You can't see them. You
can't lift weights or use machines to re-tone them. One approach is the Tantric
form of Yoga that is centered on the muscles of the Pelvic Floor. During the
preparation for the course, the girl working with me contacted a company named
Peritron that manufactured devices that measured feedback for anal and vaginal
responses while performing Pelvic Floor Exercises based on Tantric Yoga.
Peritron at no cost agreed to provide the meters to the instructors and students
for the initial class. They were just introducing their products and hoped to
get some free publicity.

  Stating it more plainly, Peritron made two types of feedback meters. For the
anal meter, you stick a probe up your ass that measures how tight you're
squeezing your butt muscles.  There's a soft plastic four-inch probe connected
by a wire to a small meter that reads from one to ten.  For the vaginal meter,
you insert six inches of probe in your vagina. The readout measures the strength
of your vaginal contractions. Now put Tantric Yoga exercises and the Peritron
meters together.

  Picture Althea, the lady in charge of the program, and me instructing a class
of eight brand new mothers. Everyone is lying on her mat naked or semi-naked
with a tube of K-Y jelly nearby. During the first part of the class we stuck the
probe up our butt hole and performed Tantric exercises for the muscles that
control the sphincter and rectum. In the second part we put the six inches of
plastic probe inside our cunts, performed our vaginal exercises and read out
meters. These muscles control urination and the walls of your pussy. We write it
all down in a journal so we can track our progress.

  After the first few classes, the results were gratifying. Several of the young
mothers commented that both them and their husbands were enjoying sex a lot
more.

  "Tom says that the other night I gave him the best fuck ever," candidly stated
a little brunette who was married to one of UNH's football players. Well if you
and your classmates have been lying about with probes in your cunt, candor comes
easily.

  "Have you tried anal since we started this? My boyfriend says my backdoor is
so much tighter," commented a coed who somehow hadn't learned that taking it up
the ass wasn't a fit topic for casual conversation.

  I hadn't had a baby but I did find myself developing a set of cunt muscles I
had tremendous control over and could flex at will. I'd tried the keggle
exercises you read about in Cosmopolitan; but this was on a totally different
level. You have to understand that most of the young mothers did not have eight
years of Yoga background. I was amazed at what I could do with the Peritron
meters. I was the only person in the class who could reach ten on both meters.
Furthermore I could hold it for a full minute. Althea's maximum was eight and
that was for less than five seconds.

  A guy I was dating at the time said I had become a "nut cracker". I'm not sure
how that term applied since I was squeezing his dick not his balls. I had also
improved control over my sphincter and not only did anal intercourse not hurt
like it used to, I positively enjoyed it.

  I should also mention that Tantric Yoga does wonder for the female orgasm. You
gain control over when the "Big O" hits and you can make it happen big or small
depending on how you feel. For the right kind of cock, I practically stop
breathing when I climax. Guys say that I can literally suck the cum out of their
balls with my vagina.

  The point of all this is my female parts are unusually well trained for sex.
(No wonder I found up in a brothel. I was training for it all my life. I just
didn't know it.) Combine that with the fact that I'm uninhibited, not squeamish
about body fluids even the kind that come out of a butt hole and have the
flexibility of an experienced Yoga instructor. If I really want to freak a guy
out, I get on my back and draw my legs up and lock my ankles behind my neck.
Once he's inside me, I squeeze his cock with my "nut cracker".

   Some of my dates looked absolutely terrified when I do that. Others think it
is very sexy. I've seen more than my share of premature ejaculations. The end
result is an Arlene Fairchild who excels at one thing and that's "SEX". At UNH,
I developed a reputation as a "sexual athlete" and I must admit a slut. But the
slut part started years before and I was used to it. My sexual prowess got me a
lot of dates but no offers of marriage.

  Guys are strange. They love great sex that just don't want to marry a girl
who's screwed enough to know how to give it to them.

  I refer to think of myself as just a "great fuck". Being a great fuck and
having a willingness to use sex to get what I wanted turned out to be the two
major causes that brought me here to the Palace. I must also mention that greed
and ambition played a part.

  I recently had my twenty-fifth birthday, not that anyone here baked me a cake
or sang "Happy Birthday". I'm still slender in spite of the high carb diet they
feed us. I guess my body's still attractive. Plenty of customers pick me when
I'm in the meat line downstairs.  And I have developed a larger number of
regulars than any of the other whores.

   Maybe all the fucking keeps me trim. If I ever get out of here (and that's
extremely doubtful) I'll document what we eat and sell it as the "brothel diet"
with the tag line, "Swallow all the sperm you want and still loose weight".

  For those of you who need a mental picture, I'm 5'9" tall and 120 pounds. My
hair is blonde (dyed) and my eyes are green. My friends tell me that my legs are
my best feature. Perverts who are looking for something in my story to wack off
to should know that I'm a 34C. My nipples are sucked so often by customers, they
look like I'm breast-feeding. Before they were small and pink.

  My figure is gym toned or at least it was. I'd continued spinning, yoga, and
Pilates after I graduated college. I suppose that's something we women do in
hopes of attracting Mr. Right. Now I keep in shape by fucking as many as thirty
gold miners a day. I have to admit that constant intercourse will keep a girl
toned. Even Denise has lost weight and looks a hell of a lot better that when
she got here. Anyhow, back to my resume vitae.

  After high school in Manchester, I went off to college at the state
university, University of New Hampshire or UNH in nearby Durham, NH. Let's face
it. New Hampshire's a small state. Everything is nearby. I started out majoring
in Elementary Education. Later I switched to the School of Journalism. I had
come to realize the idea of working for a newspaper was a lot more exciting than
minding other people's brats.

   Unfortunately, the US economy had tipped into a recession right when I got my
bachelors so jobs were scarce. My first six months after graduation, I worked
for minimum wage as a receptionist in my dad's insurance office. I was fortunate
to get that. Most of my fellow graduating students were working in the fast food
industry.

  I got lucky when a girl friend told me that the Manchester Union Leader had an
opening for a cub reporter. By that time I was desperate. I was still living at
home. My mom kept asking when I planned to leave the nest, get married, and
start my own family. She wasn't very subtle about it either. Our conversations
went like this.

  "You dad and I got married the day after I graduated."

  "I know, you took the last good man," I countered.

  "What ever happened to that boy Perry you dated when you were a senior at UNH?
He asked you to marry him."

  "He moved to the West Coast." I didn't feel like explaining to her that Perry
and I broke up because he insisted on wearing my clothes. He ruined a dozen pair
of pantyhose and never offered to pay for them. He was more girl friend than boy
friend. We used to sit in this large bathtub and shave each other's legs. The
fact is that after six months of living with my parents, I was considering
looking up Perry to see if he was still available. That was when a friend told
me that the Union Leader was going to advertise for a reporter.  The friend said
that if I got there before they advertised and were deluged with applications, I
might get the job.

  I dressed in the dark blue power suit I kept for job interviews and presented
myself at the personnel office of The Manchester Union Leader. I put on my most
determined look and demanded an interview. Now for those of you who do not know,
the Union Leader is after the Boston Globe, the largest and most prestigious
newspaper in New England. It's very conservative Republican. You might recall
they're the newspaper that printed such mean stories about Edmund Muskie, a
liberal Democrat who was running for President, that he cried on their office
steps. The tears didn't go over well with the voters and Senator Muskie was
forced to withdraw from the Presidential primary.  To the mean assholes that
manage the paper, that's their favorite story.

  After some preliminaries in Personnel, I found myself being interviewed by the
Assistant Editor for News, David Smyth. The lady in Personnel informed me that
Mr. Smyth had the final say of who got the position. David Smyth was in his mid
thirties, kept an unlit cigar in this mouth and was obese to the point that
cardiac arrest seemed an immediate possibility. I later found out he was married
and had four boys. That in no way stopped him from communicating to me exactly
what I had to do to get the job. Of course, I started off by telling him how
desperate I was.

  "Mr. Smyth, I'll do anything to work at the Union Leader. My family supports
the Leader's editorial policies and they're excited about the possibility of my
employment. I'm open on salary, assignments, anything. Just tell me what it
takes and I'll do it." I guess my opening statement signaled my willingness to
spread my legs if that would affect the hiring decision. Looking back I guess I
wasn't very subtle.

  "Ms. Fairchild, the problem is you have no actual newspaper work experience.
I'd be taking a serious risk if I hired you."

  "Mr. Smyth, I won't let you down. I'll work twenty four hours a day if I need
to." I flashed a smile thinking that a little flirting wouldn't hurt. My friends
have always said my legs are my best feature. I had sized Mr. Smyth up as a
legman from the way he looked at them when I walked into the office. He quickly
stood up and suggested we sit over at a couch and chair group in the corner of
his office. He didn't want the desk blocking his view of my legs. I sat down
letting my skirt ride up a little. God, how I wanted that job? He'd mentioned my
lack of experience as an obstacle but quickly came up with a solution.

  "I could train you myself but that would have to be away from the office. The
paper doesn't provide any on the job training."

  "Certainly, anywhere, just name it." I was a drowning girl willing to grab any
life preserver even if it was shaped like the boss's cock.

  "Do you have an apartment we could use?"

  "Not at the moment but if I get this job, I'll get one. I'm still living at my
folks."

  "How soon could you get your own place?"

  "Immediately." That was true. I had some money saved up. First months rent and
security deposit were already in my bank account. I'd even found a place that
was decent and that I could afford.

  "You understand what I saying here?"  At that point, Mr. Smyth who had been
sitting across from me opened his legs and ran his hand over his crotch. Well if
I didn't understand what was involved I certainly did after he pawed his dick.
You're probably saying that couldn't happen in this age of sexual harassment
lawsuits and EEOC claims. Well, tell that to the management at the Union Leader.
My answer signaled my willingness to play David's game.

  "Any help you could give me would be deeply appreciated. I'll do everything
possible to learn what's required to do the job exactly as you want it done."
Those were code words for "Yes, after I get the job and lease an apartment, you
can come over and fuck me any way you want."

  The bottom line is I was perfectly willing to have sex with him if he gave me
a job. I know today's women are supposed to have principles and values that
prevent us from trading our bodies for favors. According to all the feminist
tracts I read in college, exploiting our bodies for male favors and acceptance
is not acceptable behavior in the America of today. Being an intelligent and
college-educated female should mean that men are to be treated as equal partners
in life not as someone we must please and act subservient to. Too bad it doesn't
work that way in reality.

  I know women are not supposed to put up with that shit anymore. Tell that to a
twenty two year old girl who's been living with her parents for the last six
months. Something that happened right before I graduated illustrates how I felt
about the issue of quid pro quo when it comes to sex. I have time to digress. No
miners will show up for several hours.

  I had been out with three of my girl friends to celebrate finishing our
degrees. I'd been drinking Cuervo Gold margaritas, the kind that slides down so
easily you forget how potent they are. I was more than a little drunk when I
decided to drive back to the dorm. I wasn't dating anyone at the time. I was
having trouble controlling the car when I saw blue lights flashing in my rear
view mirror. "Oh shit," I said as I sobered up pretty quick and guided the car
to the side of the road. First offence for DUI in the Granite State is a
mandatory six-month suspension of your driver's license. I was about to pee
myself when this local cop, thank God it wasn't the state highway patrol, taped
on my window.

  He looked at my license then asked me to get out of the car. Since I couldn't
touch my nose, stand on one foot, or walk a straight line plus I smelled like an
open bottle of tequila, I found myself in the back of his patrol car on my way
to jail. I decided to try tears and a little pleading to see if he would let me
go. The cop wasn't moved by any of that. However, his attitude changed when in
desperation I blurted out an offer he was forced to give serious consideration.

  "I'll suck you off if you let me go."

  "You're kidding."

  "No, you don't arrest me, take me back to the dorm and I'll suck your cock."

  "You'll let me cum in your mouth. I like my pipe to be drained," said the
policeman as we entered the negotiation phase.

  "I'll take everything you give me and swallow it. You can fuck me too if you
want." Actually, I was desperate to keep my license. I was also drunk and horny.

  "Blowjob will have to do it. I'm married. I don't dip my wick in strange tail.
I might bring something home to Momma."

  If I have any regret in life, it's that all the married men who've fucked me
over the years didn't get a case of the clap and then infect the little woman at
home. I'd have loved to hear her complaining to hubby, "I can't tinkle and it's
all your fault."

  I'd made him an offer he couldn't refuse. (I've got to keep tired old cliches
like that out of my writing.) When we got back to my dorm, he parked in a remote
space and got in the back seat. I had sobered up enough to give him the best
blowjob I knew how.  I let him play with my tits while I blew him. I repeated my
offer to fuck him but he declined restating his fear of catching an STD from a
college girl slut. He sent me on my way with a stern warning about the dangers
of driving and drinking. When I climbed out of the police cruiser, the smell of
his sperm on my breath covered the tequila.

  Yes, I sucked off a cop who had pulled me over for weaving across the yellow
line. What's better, a quick ten minutes of oral sex in the back of a police
cruiser or spending six months ridding the bus?  It's a question that if you put
to all the married and unmarried women of America, you might find me with the
majority. I read somewhere that cops frequently get offered sex by women trying
to avoid arrest for traffic violations.

  I'd learned at an early age that I had something between my legs that men and
boys were willing to trade almost anything for. I also leaned there was a great
of pleasure to be had from making the trade. When I was fourteen, my brother Ed
was the captain of the basketball team and about the most popular junior class
boy in my high school. I wanted to hang out with him and his teammates more than
anything in the world. But what seventeen-year-old boy wants his freshman kid
sister around?

  Mine certainly didn't in spite of my practically begging him. Being a helpful
sibling who cleaned his room and washed his clothes didn't get me anywhere
either.  One night, I came out of the bathroom with a towel wrapped around me on
the way back to my room. Ed was waiting to use the bathroom. He had a date and
had been pounding on the door for the last ten minutes. Yes, we were poor and
the house had only one bathroom. As I appeared in the doorway, Ed playfully
tried to give me a swat on the fanny for making him late. When I jumped to the
side, the towel came loose. All of a sudden, I was standing there totally nude.
Ed looked embarrassed and reached down to the floor to pick up the towel.

  "Sorry, Arlene, here," said Ed handing me back the towel while his eyes darted
between my boobs and the patch of dyed blonde hair covering my pussy. I found
myself turned on by the idea of Ed seeing me naked. I took the towel and instead
of wrapping it back around me. I just held it and stood there naked.

  "Do you think my boobs will be as big as Mom's?" I put my hands under them and
lifted them up so Ed could make an accurate assessment. Okay, I was a slut
wantabe at fourteen. I also thought my brother was damn sexy. I always say if a
girl's got an attractive older brother that's the place to lose your virginity.
Why rely on some asshole that you don't know that well and may not know what
they're doing? Besides, older brothers secretly fantasize about screwing their
younger sisters so they're primed and ready to go. I may have more about this
topic later.

  "Yea, sure, even bigger maybe, they look great. I hadn't realized yours had
started to grow." Ed was working hard to stay cool.

  "Are mine as firm as Darlene's?" Darlene was co-captain of the cheerleading
squad and a total slut. She and Ed had been dating since school started last
fall. A couple of times I had spied on Ed and Darlene making out on the couch
after mom and dad went to sleep. Darlene's tits weren't all that great but she
certainly made them accessible. I thought mine were a little larger, had a
better shape, and my nipples went out further when I played with them.

  "They look very firm," was all Ed could manage. He was wearing a pair of gym
shorts and they were poking out nicely in front.  He seemed mesmerized by my
breasts.

  "Feel them, then tell me honestly, who's got the firmest tits, me or Darlene?"
I stepped forward to where my boobs were practically under his chin. His cock
was poking against my belly. I squirmed around a bit so it rubbed across my
navel. Ed slowly reached up to feel me. He was moving like he was part of a bomb
disposal team trying to decide whether to cut the red wire or the blue wire. His
hands were shaking and he hesitated. At times like those, you just have to love
men. All bluster and brag with their buddies but when its time to grab their
sister's boobs, their knees turn to water.  I grabbed his wrists and placed both
his hands on my boobs then I leaned in and gave him the hottest and wettest
tongue kiss I could come up with.

   You all ready know high school girls will do anything to be popular or at the
least, hang out with the popular students.

  "Why'd you do that?" asked my dumb ass about-to-be-seduced sweetheart of a
brother.

  "I wanted to. You're my brother and I love you. I want you to be my first." I
made my intentions plain. It was true. Ed was nice looking, had a terrific body
and I felt comfortable with him. A lot of girls I met in college who had an
older brother let them take their virginity. Some didn't exactly let them. Older
brothers tend to be bigger and stronger. Anyway, I seduced Ed not the other way
around. Although he later admitted, I had been a major character in his
masturbatory fantasies.

  The parents were out at a movie so it took only a few seconds for Ed to dash
into the bedroom and grab a condom out of their hiding place. Then he took me to
my bedroom and mounted me without foreplay. That didn't matter. I was wet as
only a fourteen-year-old girl can be.  Ed used his hard cock to part my pussy
lips with a couple of up and down swipes. Boy did that feel heavenly. I couldn't
wait for him to slide into my cunt. He worked the head into my hole and lunged
forward without fanfare.

  I guess he'd been thinking about doing that for quite a while because he
quickly blew his load. It was goodbye to virginity. Ed's was my first real cock. 
I'd been secretly borrowing Mom's dildo/vibrator for the past several months so
there wasn't any pain just a lot of pleasure as he slid inside me. My vagina was
already trained to open up and get wet when it had company.

  I screwed Ed that night because I wanted him to like me and include me in his
group. I have to add I was also curious and looking back on it, horny. It worked
plus I learned that having a man's erect penis inside your vagina felt even
better than I thought it would. That night I discovered how much I liked to
fuck. I liked it a lot. Well, what girl other than a lesbian doesn't, really?
Aren't we genetically engineered to think having a man's penis inside your
vagina is just this side of heaven?

  Ed canceled his date with Darlene and screwed me three times that first night.
Plus he introduced me to the fine points of sucking his dick. Giving head was
also a turn on for me. I particularly liked the sensation of a man's cock
spurting cum in my mouth. Semen tastes warm and salty. Giving head was another
advantage for a young girl who wanted to be part of the in crowd. Willingness to
take a soft cock, get it hard with your mouth and patiently suck dick until you
swallow their load makes a girl very popular with her male classmates.

  Afterwards, Ed was scared to death, I'd tell Mom and Dad so the next time I
asked to be included in Ed's clique, he was afraid to say no. I mentally made
the connection between putting out and getting what I wanted when he said,
"Sure, you can go".  I had been expecting, "No, you're just a kid."

   And the fact I was willing to screw his teammates made them eager to accept
Ed's horny little kid sister. Ed wasn't the kind of brother who assumed that
protecting his sister's virtue was his responsibility. Quickly, I became the
basketball teams combination mascot and slut. By the end of the season, I'd done
the entire team and the manager, you know the one who hands out towels and keeps
track of the practice balls.

  For the next two years, I regularly went down for Ed and a good dozen of his
high school buds. When I reached sixteen my parents allowed me to date. My
willingness to have sex on the first and all subsequent dates assured me a
steady stream of partners. I was living proof of the old adage, "Good girls go
to Heaven, and bad girls go everywhere."

  The bottom line is that I grew up viewing sex as a commodity I enjoy trading
in. I'm willing to barter when there is something I want. And perhaps the saving
grace was that I enjoyed consummating the deal. They say a great job is getting
paid for doing what you like to do. When you look at it that way, I suppose it's
not surprising I wound up here at the Palace of Sin.

  While David Smyth wasn't anybody's idea of Mr. Perfect, he had something I
needed badly. I think you have enough background to form an opinion of me,
basically a not to bad looking New Hampshire miss with a strong desire for cock
and female parts trained to make the most of it. I hope you don't view me too
harshly. I'll begin with the day my troubles started.




Chapter 23 - Arlene Part 2



Special Assignment



Please take note! Adults Only Literature

The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written for
adults only.

If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing this
file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
now.

This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
is purely coincidental, etc.

Email HarryBerg01@aol.com with your comments.

Copyright 2003

                                                                ****

  "Look me in the eye, slut and beg me to piss in your whore's mouth," said
David standing over me in the shower stall. I was in the slut's position, on my
knees with his cock in my mouth.

  It was Wednesday afternoon and David and I were taking a long lunch. I'd been
working at the paper for almost six months. Lunch didn't mean a leisurely meal
at a good restaurant. It meant fast food burgers and fries that we ate in bed in
between fucks. By the way, I usually bought lunch.

  One look at the way David organized his office desk even lining up his pens in
a certain order should have tipped me off that screwing David to get a job
wasn't going to be a couple of rolls in the hay and done.  He was one of those
over organized people who drive the rest of us insane. Fucking me every other
week became a habit the first day I started.

  "Mark the first, third and fifth Wednesday of each month for a lunchtime
training session at your place," said David that first day.

  "Some month's don't have five Wednesdays," I replied.

  "Those will be your unlucky months," said David trying to be cute.

  As soon as I got to my desk, I marked "FD" for "fuck David" on my appointment
calendar on the designated Wednesdays. When I told my girlfriend, Leslie, about
my schedule, she commented, "At least you're getting some cock, it's been months
since I had a fuck."  Leslie was a twice-divorced mother of two. She and I spent
our Friday and Saturday nights at Manchester or Boston clubs looking for Mr.
Right. About all we ever found were married guys out to score at piece on the
side.

  In the last two months, Leslie had gained twenty pounds she definitely didn't
need. Heavy girls don't get much play even from desperate married types. It's a
thin woman's world out there.

  Lately, sex with David had gotten a little kinky. I didn't mind. I would have
gone out of my head if it were the same every other week. You know what they say
about variety.

  We always started out in the shower for which I was grateful. David was
overweight, inclined to sweat profusely at the slightest physical effort, and a
cigar smoker. A little soap and water made that vast expanse of flesh more
tolerable. 

  When David made his announcement that lucky Arlene was going to get a mouthful
of piss to swallow, he was leaning against the back of the shower stall. I was
on my knees sucking his cock as the water cascaded down his body. Any girl that
gives head in a shower knows the feeling of drowning. Your mouth is tightly
wrapped around his cock while water cascades off his body into your nostrils.
Still, it felt good to have a warm dick in my mouth.

  I was holding his cock up with one hand while I licked the underside along
that seemingly useless ridge of skin that starts right under the tip and travels
down to the balls. Guys like you to trace the route with the tip of your tongue.
A few tracings followed by some serious licking of his scrotum then the part
where I took each of his nuts in my mouth and sucked it gently were a small part
of my extensive oral repertoire.

  I'd place my other hand between his skinny legs where it was buried between
his cellulite dotted butt cheeks. David's butt was big but flabby and therefore
easy to part. My index finger was ticking the hemorrhoid flesh that made his
asshole look like a roughed up cabbage. Why is it that men who would go
ballistic at the suggestion they might be gay, love the feeling of a girl's
finger or tongue in their asshole?

  My knowledge base of male sexual anatomy included the location of the prostate
gland. The prostate is pretty useless except for those moments you give his hole
two inches of your index finger and a little prostate rub. For those minutes,
the guy is in love with you and wants you to become his permanent inamorata.
Once your finger's out, you're just another nasty slut that no decent man would
want for a wife.

  I suppose my resentment at having to fuck my fat boss in order to get and keep
my job is showing. David really wasn't all that bad. He was just a guy
exercising his economic power over a female in order to satisfy his perverse
sexual needs. What could be wrong with that?

  At that phase in our lovemaking, David decided it was time to introduce what
he referred to as "kink". I would have used the more accurate terms "golden
showers" or "water sports" but David was the boss so "kink" it was.

   Kink, oral sex, and things anal were sexual practices David reserved for his
office slut. His wife, Denise, was some magical, sacred creature whose pussy was
only available in the missionary position. Later I found out that was his idea
not hers. He actually revered her in a strange sort of way, placing her on a
pedestal because she carried the dual titles of wife and mother. I once asked
him if Denise was good at giving head. His reply amazed me.

  "I couldn't ask the mother of my boys to put her mouth on my cock. That would
be sacrilegious."

  "Why not?" I relied wondering why there was such a difference in his attitudes
toward Denise and myself. After all, I was a valued co-worker who was doing a
damn good job of helping to get the Union out each day.

  "Those lips kiss my children before they go to bed and leave for school," said
David with an air of solemnity.

  "And you think they could smell your cock and semen when she gave them a good
morning peck?" We were in bed when I broached this topic so I playfully leaned
down and smelled his cock. It did smell like semen and my pussy.

  "No, Arlene, that's disgusting, it's the thought. A mother is an awesome, holy
thing. I couldn't defile her."

  "How about anal? I assume the boys don't kiss her ass."

  "For Christ's sakes, Arlene, Denise is the mother of children. Besides, she
would never allow that. She'd think it was perverted."  That was another thing
he had wrong about Denise but I'll tell you later.

  I have to add that Denise like David wasn't svelte and maybe the missionary
position was all they were physically capable of. I had met Denise several times
when she had come by the office for some reason. We're talking Size 16 here with
one of those broad butts that seem far too wide for a Y class airline seat but
somehow manage to wedge into it.

  It's always a little weird to meet a wife whose husband you're fucking. 
Things like 'does she know?' and 'what would she do if she found out?' cross
your mind. One fateful Wednesday, she was waiting when we returned from out
luncheon fuck. She'd dropped by unexpectedly to have him sign some papers for
the new home they were buying.

  Denise hadn't met me before and she gave me a strong once over when David and
I came rushing in from ninety minutes of sordid sex. There I was saying it's so
nice to meet you and David's always talking about you and the boys while David's
semen was slowly dribbling out of my cunt.

  Later I spoke to him about it.

  "Think she suspects anything," I asked.

  "Of course not, she trusts me implicitly," said David. "She takes her wedding
vows seriously."

  The duplicity of the married man knows no limits. I use to fantasize how David
would react if he came home unexpectedly and found Denise in bed with Lester,
the huge black man who ran the paper's loading dock. I could picture Denise's
large white zit-covered derriere up in the air with Lester's long black pecker
deep in her ass and David standing in the bedroom door with his mouth open.

  Of course that was my fantasy. David's reality was that Denise was Mother
Theresa and I was the whore of Babylon.

  "Please piss in my whore's mouth, David, please, I want to drink your piss," I
moaned responding to his request that we start the kink portion of the program.
I held my mouth wide open to emphasize my willingness.

  "You're a piss drinking slut, aren't you," said David?

  "I need it David. I need you to fill my slut's belly with your golden pee. I
want it. I want it badly. Please David," I positively whined. I had been working
on my begging and pleading during sex with David. In front of a mirror, I had
practiced the facial expressions of a woman who desperately need to swallow her
lover's urine.

  "Time to drain the pipe, you piss drinking slut," said David as a frown of
concentration appeared on his forehead.

   About a month before, David had gotten into water sports.  The first couple
of times time he had made me lay down in the shower stall while he pissed over
me from head to toe. The next time, he made me hold my mouth open while he
pissed in it and it dribbled out over my tits. I was directed to rub it into my
breasts and play with my pee covered nipples. But for the last couple of
Wednesday sessions, it had been his desire to piss directly in my mouth so I
could swallow it.

   Of course, I was required to swallow every drop. I mentally prepared for my
mouth to be flooded with warm piss. For those of you who've never had a mouth
full of urine, I'll say it's not that bad; but it's definitely an acquired
taste. The trick is to swallow frequently. If you wait until your mouth is full,
it's difficult to gulp it down, especially with an erect cock spewing piss
directly at the opening of your throat.

  I'm enough of a sexual head case to consider swallowing your lover's urine a
turn on. I recognize the average woman's revulsion at the idea but let's face it
sisters, we're not all programmed the same way. The nasty disgusting stuff makes
some of us horny.

  I sucked slowly as David concentrated his forces. In a moment, he got his flow
going. It always began as a tiny warm trickle and quickly gained volume. He is a
big man who drinks eight or more cups of coffee every morning. I suspected that
on our Wednesdays he held off going to the little boy's room so he could let the
office slut swallow a good quart of slightly aged Smyth pee.

  "Here it comes, slut, swallow daddy's tinkle," David whispered as he got his
flow started. He had good control and could make it last. I massaged his balls
and finger fucked his butt hole as I dutifully swallowed.  My nose filled with
the aroma of strong urine and my taste buds considered rebelling when they first
identified the flavor of piss. I controlled my desire to retch as I banished all
negative thoughts associated with piss drinking. I'd read in Cosmopolitan that
health wise, drinking urine was safe. I told myself it was very sexy as I took
my hand off his nuts and stroked my clit.

   I got into the process. Mouth gets half full then take a quick gulp to empty
oral cavity then repeat until flow stops and you can take a final swallow. Next
open wide, look up, and let the shower wash your mouth out. At this point, I was
very conscious that my stomach was full of the noxious liquid. You definitely
know when you have a belly full of urine.

  David announced,  "Daddy's pipe is drained."  Lately he had been getting into
this father daughter role-playing. I wondered if at some point I wasn't going to
end up dressed as Shirley Temple sucking "daddy's great big dick."

  I looked up and gave him a "that was so fucking hot, lover" look and went back
to sucking his cock. Before very long, there was a layer of semen floating
nicely on a quart of strong yellow inside Daddy's little angel or was I Daddy's
little slut. Given it wasn't my first piss and cum cocktail slut was more
accurate.

  Sexual relations with a man go through a progression from exciting to kinky to
bizarre to boring. David and I were in the kinky phase preparing to move on to
bizarre.

  David was 5'9" and weighed 250. He had skinny pale legs, little stick like
arms, flabby, dimpled butt and a perfectly round beer belly. He had lost most of
his hair and resembled a monk with a tonsure. Physically, David's physique
reminded me of a fully inflated hot air balloon. I used to fantasize he was Brad
Pitt or Antonio Banderas when we fucked. It helped sometimes.

  After we got out of the shower and dried off, he climbed on my bed on all
fours and presented me his upturned rear. It was time for more kink of the anal
variety. God when I look back on it, he really took advantage of me. Whatever
weird perverse acts he dreamed up, he just assumed I would be his willing
partner. And unfortunately for me, he was right. I just took the attitude he was
the boss. I'd agreed to fuck him anyway he wanted if he gave me a job. In
reality I was just living up to my end of the bargain.

   He reached back and grabbed his butt cheeks to spread them so I could have
easy access to an anus decorated with some serious hemorrhoid scars.

   "Suck my shit hole, slut, while you play with my dick."

  This was also something new that he must have learned from the Internet.
Surfing porn Web sites occupied ninety percent of David's workday. Gamely, I
nosed between his ass cheeks and placed my lips around the brow pucker of his
anus and began the rhythmic sucking, licking, and tongue probing that I figured
he wanted.  His previous bouts of piles meant there was plenty of extra tissue
to work with.

  No matter how carefully we showered and I even went to the trouble of
personally soaping up his asshole, there always seemed to be a little bit of poo
in some crevice that my tongue eventually found. That day I distinctly recall
that after I managed to loosen him up with a lip massage around his anal ring,
the tip of my tongue was rewarded with a quarter size dollop of brown caviar
that I forced myself to swallow.

   All right, it was a piss and cum cocktail with a small turd as a garnish.
It's a good thing we can't see what's inside our stomach. Writing this down
makes it seem even worse. I played the shit eating whore part to the hilt when I
realized what was on my tongue.

  "Look, Daddy, look at what your baby girl's got," I said sticking out my
tongue to show him the tiny turd perched on the tip.

  "Isn't that sweet? And what does Daddy's little angel want to do with daddy's
poo?' said David.

  "I want to eat it if you want me too," I said managing to talk with a piece of
shit in my mouth. Try it yourself sometime. It's not all that easy.

  "All right, you chew it up and swallow while Daddy watches," said David.

  It's not polite to chew with your mouth open unless you're masticating
somebody's shit and they want to watch. Open mouthed I worked on that turd like
it was a chocolate truffle then made a big production out of swallowing. David
loved it.

   David's awareness that I was having a bite of his shit got him ready to
penetrate me. Let's face it. The dirtier and more degrading the sex is for the
woman, the more the man likes it.

  By that time, he was hard again, so I got on my back, spread my legs and
helped him mount me.

  "Daddy loves it when he smells his caca on his little girl's breath." I've
already mentioned that David engaged in a certain amount of father and daughter
fantasy when we fucked. God knows why. David squeezed my nipples as he struggled
to get on his knees between my legs. It was probably a good thing all his
children were boys.

  He had a sizeable cock that wasn't circumcised, a novelty for me. There's no
question in my mind that circumcised cocks are cleaner and healthier but there's
something about the smell and taste you get when you pull back the foreskin and
take it in your mouth that turns me on. Uncut cocks smell kind of funky and you
get the erotic feeling of unwashed nasty sex. I consider that the best kind.

  David finally got in position, spread my pussy lips, and fingered me for a
minute in his idea of foreplay. Romantic part over, he worked his prick inside
me. That always felt good and I moaned loudly to show I was appreciative of his
efforts. I repeatedly grunted when he began his in-and-out routine. Guy's tell
me I'm a noisy fuck and they like that. I moan, grunt, curse, pump my pussy and
squeeze my cunt muscles all in a demonstration that Arlene Fairchild loves it
when there's cock in her hole.

  I was always a little concerned when we fucked missionary style that he would
have a massive heart attack and I would be trapped underneath him. If I weren't
smothered to death, I would starve unless someone broke in and rescued me.  I
fantasized once that a couple of hunky fireman would break down the door, roll
the deceased off me and then take his place. I admit to an active imagination.

  After my preliminary blowjob, he wasn't going to come quickly so I relaxed and
fucked him back as he pumped away. I've already told you about Tantric Yoga,
biofeedback devices and pelvic floor exercises. David was in total awe of my
cunt. He was always saying I was the best fuck he ever hired. You might note he
wasn't saying I was the best reporter.

  Having the kind of pussy that guys love takes continual maintenance. At least
three times a day I sat at my desk at work doing my Tantric exercises.  I've
gotten even better at it after graduation.

  I can honestly say they work. I orgasm quickly and can keep climaxing until
I'm a head case. But with David, I keep it under control. He might resent it if
he thought I was enjoying it more than he did. Finally, when he dumped his
second load; I did the Tantric thing, centered my being on my cunt, clenched my
teeth and hit a final crashing 'Big O'.  It also insured that my "nut cracker"
got the very last drop of jism deposited in my box, right where it belonged. It
took a little milking to get all his spunk in my hole.

  After those Wednesday fucks, when I'm back at work and feel it slowly oozing
out of me, I get turned on. So turned on, I head to the Ladies Room and jerk
off. Actually that jerk off was the best sex of my Wednesday afternoons with
David.

  David fell off to the side breathing heavily. David was not in good shape.
That was the signal for me to open the bags of burgers and fries so David could
thicken the rings of plaque that were slowly closing off his arteries. Actually,
it hadn't been too bad. I have to admit I looked forward to my every other week
sessions with David. A girl needs a certain amount of sex even if it isn't the
greatest. The kinky parts had a certain lurid fascination for me. Most guys I
dated wanted a quick blowjob followed by an even quicker fuck then home to the
wife. For some reason, I seemed to attract more than my share of married men.

  "I got a special assignment for you," said David as he pushed a handful of
fries in his mouth. The reader should note that this is where it all begins.

  "Really, what?" I had to work hard to hide my excitement. During the first six
months, I had covered every boring event that managed to make its way into the
Union Leader. Weddings, flower shows, antique fairs, all the crap that nobody
ever actually reads. I had also become the reigning queen of obituaries. I was
desperate for something exciting like an axe murder or a rape.

  "You know Senator Candace Williams?" asked David.

  "I know of her. I don't know her."

  "The Managing Editor wants some dirt on her."

  "Everybody say she's squeaky clean."

  "Nobody in politics is squeaky clean, especially someone who shoots up the
ladder that fast. Five years ago, no one ever heard of her. Now's she's going to
be Ted Kennedy's replacement."

  "So what do they want me to do?"

  "Investigate, you're a reporter aren't you? Dig something up."

  "I appreciate you giving me this assignment but couldn't you just give me a
hint about where to start. Is there some kind of weird sex in her background?" I
gave David a little encouragement by placing my hand that was smeared with
grease from the French fries on his pecker and giving it a squeeze.

  "No, not sex but that would be great if you found out she was fucking around.
The rumor is that when she first ran for Congress, she was on a tight deadline
to get names for her petition to qualify for the ballot. Supposedly, the Pagans
went out and got her 15,000 names almost overnight. At least that's the rumor."

  "Pagans as in the biker gang?"

  "Yes, those Pagans, plus they say her campaign staff and personal body guards
are made up of Amazons, the lesbo biker affiliate of the Pagans. That's more
than a rumor. Kyle recognized some of her security as definitely Amazon and he
saw two guys in her entourage that were Pagans he recognized from a rape trial
he covered a few years ago."

  "But if she was connected to bikers wouldn't the Boston Globe or someone had
published something before now. She been in the House two terms and replacing
Senator Kennedy is certainly high profile."

  "Supposedly, she has friends in high places. Hell I don't know. You want the
assignment or not?"

  "I want it." I said truly excited that I was being given a chance to show I
was better than my current job. I threw my arms around David and kissed him to
show my appreciation. I got to be on top for the final fuck. This was the part
where I played cowgirl. I impaled myself on his fat tool and worked my clit
while David in a moment of graciousness tweaked my nipples. He pinched and
pulled my nipples until I felt pain but it was a good kind of pain in an S&M
fashion. Why do we women like a little tit torture? Having as man's cock in my
love tunnel, his nails digging into my breasts and my fingers rubbing my clit in
a blur is all it takes to get me off. David popped for the third and last time
so I released my own orgasm as I squeezed every last drop of juice from his
pecker. It wasn't great sex but it wasn't bad either.

  So when I drove back to work, I was for the first time in months excited about
my job. I had piss in my belly, cum in my twat and a song in my heart.

  The fact that the Union Leader desired some dirt on Candace Williams wasn't
surprising. Senator Elect Candace Williams was a centrist Democrat and the Union
Leader was only a tiny click of the dial away from far right wing Republican.
Fucking over Democrats was the Union Leader's specialty.




Chapter 24 Arlene Part 3



Preparations



Please take note! Adults Only Literature

The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written for
adults only.

If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing this
file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
now.

This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
is purely coincidental, etc.

Email HarryBerg01@aol.com with your comments.

Copyright 2003

                                                                ****

  After the usual blowjob, water sports, and two fucks we hurried back to the
office. I think everybody at the Manchester Union from the cleaning crew to the
publisher knew that David Smyth was screwing me every other Wednesday. Earlene,
the receptionist, always gave me this special smile when we returned on those
Wednesdays. It was sort of a, "I know what's oozing out of you twat, you trashy
whore" look. I'd just smiled back in a "At least I'm getting some cock you dried
up old maid" expression. Work is not always a nice place.

    The relaxed, placid expression on David's normally stressed out kisser
broadcast the story to everyone. The knowing looks and off color comments of
David's water cooler buddies signaled that he was bragging to everyone that I
was whoring for him.  I suppose if you going to act like a whore, you shouldn't
be too concerned when you're treated like one.

  On the other hand, maybe I'm imagining all that. The Union's reporters aren't
dumb and they're trained to be observant. The simple fact that we both took a
two hour lunch every over Wednesday was a rather unmistakable clue.

  I'd considered writing a magazine article with a working title of 'The Role of
Whores in the Modern Office". Keep in mind up until that day; my career at the
Manchester Union wasn't exactly on the fast track. If I could get something
published in a national magazine like Time or the Atlantic Monthly, I could
apply at the Boston Globe or even the NY Times. The basic thesis of my article
was that far from being a way to get a better job or a raise, most women slept
with their boss just to keep their job and avoid being hassled.

  The image of the office whore is someone of limited ability or lack of work
ethic that gets ahead in the corporate world by spreading her legs for the boss. 
I happened to know of a few females at the paper in my situation and they were
like me, fucking the boss to keep the paycheck coming. Surprisingly, two of them
were married and their husbands knew and didn't object. Let's face it. The
bottom line is that we all have to eat and if that means the wife goes down for
her manager, then that's all part of the corporate survival game.

  Anyway, I returned that day with a whole new attitude. I had an interesting
new assignment that if I handled it right, the Manchester Union's management
just might think of me as something more than David's every other Wednesday
piece of ass.

  If there was one thing my six months at the paper had taught me, it was
research. For the first three months my only job at the paper had been to check
facts and gather background material for the senior reporters. I decided to
start with learning all I could about the newly elected junior senator from the
sister state of Massachusetts. Of course, the Web was the place to start. I
entered "Candace Williams" in my favorite search engine and clicked the "Go"
button.

  My primary hit was the Senator's official Web site. This was the one
maintained by her Washington congressional staff. Every member of Congress has
one, paid for by we taxpayers, "www.senator.c.williams.gov ".

  Her home page showed Candace and retiring Senator Ted Kennedy at a downtown
Boston hotel. Fat little Teddy was shaking the newly elected senator's hand as
they both faced the cameras and smiled. The picture was from election night.

  I wonder if Ted got a piece as I read the text of Candace's victory speech.
Ted had a reputation for fucking every woman he came in contact with. When I
studied pictures of the newly elected Senator, I came to appreciate how
incredibly beautiful she was. The Senator was drop dead gorgeous. She was tall
and blonde, straight even teeth and with a figure that appeared in perfect
proportion. She had those Christy Brinkley all American girl good looks usually
associated with the head cheerleader at UCLA. She was also rumored to be too
smart to belong to Mensa.

 Candace had won her Senate seat by over seventy percent of the vote. Her
vanquished Republican opponent was one of those recently created high tech
millionaires whose main qualification was his ability to lavishly self-finance
his own campaign. In a Democratic state like Massachusetts, it wasn't surprising
that Candace had won but her margin of victory had been surprising. Nationwide,
Democrats had done poorly in a non-Presidential election year. Candace William's
election was one of the few bright spots for the Democratic Party. The
Republican Party's candidate was male, bright, handsome, and articulate. He had
been expected to do much better.

  Arlene recalled a conversation she'd overheard between two of the Union's
senior political reporters. The previous night, they had driven down to Boston's
Faneuil Hall to attend a televised debate between Candace and her Republican
challenger, Mitchell Rockwell.

  "I got to hand it to Williams, she chewed Mitch up and spat him out," said one
reporter.

  "That thousand watt smile never left her face as she demolished every argument
he made," responded the other. "God, how does she recall all those facts and
figures?"

  "And we're supposed to write that last night was a decisive victory for
Rockwell, who the fuck the Union's trying to kid. Anyone who watched TV last
night knows the truth."

  "The editor's got a hard on for Williams."

  "I got a hard on too, but for a different reason, every time she crossed her
legs up on the stage, I got a peek at the old crotch-a-rina. The legs on that
bitch, I'd give my left nut for a piece of that."

  "So would every other registered male Democratic or Republican voter in New
England. I bet she gets ninety percent of the women's vote. They say the Lesbos
worship her. "

  That was the kind of male chauvinist crap you heard all the time at the Union.
Women came in three formats: wives, whores, and lesbians. All three only existed
for one purpose, to serve the sexual needs of man.

  The Web site provided the basic biographical data. Candace's father had passed
away ten years ago after operating a custom tailor shop in the heart of Boston's
financial district. Mother had passed away soon after Candace was born. Step mom
was also deceased. There were no brothers or sisters.

  Senator seems to have no living relatives other than a husband and daughter. I
read on to discover that Candace had attended Salve Regina College, a Catholic
school in Newport Rhode Island and then gone to Georgetown in Washington to
receive a law degree. I noted that the Senator was a Phi Beta Kappa, graduated
Summa Cum Laude, and first in her law school class. She also scored the highest
grade on the Massachusetts Bar Exam the first time she took it.  There was a
little note stating that Senator Williams was fluent in multiple languages.

  There were a number of pictures of Senator Williams, her husband Dan who was
an executive at Raytheon Corporation and their daughter, Briana. Dan Williams
like his wife was well educated, MBA from Wharton School of Business, currently
CFO of the Raytheon Corporation. They were quite a handsome family. Why can't I
meet a guy like Dan Williams? The media referred to them as New England's
ultimate power couple.

  I had to agree with the Union's cock hound reporters; Senator Williams was
gorgeous and sexy too. I mean movie star good looking with the kind of long
tapered legs that men go nuts over. Personally, I'd kill if my legs looked half
that good. And for a US senator, she didn't mind showing them. In many of the
pictures, her skirt length approached risque. Her hem wasn't quite short enough
to start tongues wagging but it did show the world that the Senator had a pair
of gorgeous gams.  Boob-wise, she was okay there too. A nice side shot of her in
a cashmere sweater caused me to guess 34C or 34D. Unfortunately her bra size was
not found on her Web site.

  The Web site contained statements of Senator Williams's position on the
burning issues of the day. Her stance tended to be well thought out middle of
the road. I could see why that pissed off the Manchester Union. They preferred
Senators with views to the far right of Rush Limbaugh.

  The only thing that seemed odd about Senator Williams was her committee
memberships. She had been on the House Armed Services Committee and the
Intelligence Committee. Those were also the kind of prestigious committee
assignments that only went to the most senior members of Congress. Somehow
Williams had landed them without much of a problem. Now she was on the
corresponding Senate committees. Most of the females in Congress were on
committees involved with education, environment, housing, welfare, etc.

  But Senator Williams specialized in the defense and intelligence arenas. In
fact, the site contained a number of pictures of her with senior military
officials and there were numerous photos of her visits to overseas bases. She
had been instrumental in shepherding some very large military procurement
contracts through Congress. The navy had a new carrier, the army a new armored
personnel carrier, and the air force a new fighter-bomber, all largely
attributed to the Senator's efforts.

   My favorite military photo was of the Senator in a set of camouflage fatigues
standing with a Special Forces unit at Fort Bragg. The caption said that she had
participated in a day's training while visiting the base. Everyone in the
picture at first glance looked happy and was smiling. The solders were looking
at Senator Williams as she accepted a Special Forces cap and jacket from the
base commander. But when I studied the picture carefully and adjusted the screen
magnification, I got a different impression. It was if the five soldiers were
looking at the Senator with something that approached awe or fear. It was
probably just the way the camera caught the scene.   

  I finished with the official site, book marking it for future reference.

  I took a quick look at the Web sites of the other female Senators. I'll be
kind and say they were handsome intelligent appearing women who didn't compare
in looks to the new senator from the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. They were
also much older. Candace Williams barely met the Constitutional age requirement
for a US Senator.

  Next, I performed a search for "fan sites". Every movie star and celebrity has
them. Not long ago, in doing some research, I discovered that Catherine
Zeta-Jones and Cameron Diaz fans had created thousands of Web sites devoted to
the worship of their celebrity. That was where I got a shock. My search was
limited to a maximum of 10,000 hits and in a matter of seconds I was there.

  I remember thinking God there can't be more than 10,000 Candace Williams fan
Web sites. She's a politician not a movie star. I selected my favorite Web
crawler and entered more selective criteria in an attempt to weed out porn sites
and anything else that wasn't a true fan site. The result was the same. The
search maxed out at 10,000. I quickly compared the number of Williams' Web sites
to that of better-known female Senators. One of the California Senators had
eleven fan Web sites. Candace was way ahead of anyone else. I couldn't imagine
why she attracted that level of heroine worship.

  I reviewed a small subset of the fan sites to get the flavor. They contained
the normal things you find in the disturbed monomaniacal world of the 'fan'. Why
I love Candace. Why she is so wonderful. Why I wish she were my mother, sister,
daughter, aunt, etc?  There was every form of sickening heroine worshipping
bullshit from people who should get a life.  I never quite understood what leads
a person to go to the trouble and expense of being a fan.

  The number of Web sites created by young female fans was astounding. There was
more than a hint of lesbianism in many of them. I found one site supposedly
created by a fifteen-year-old Van Nuys, CA High School freshman named Tessa that
blew me away. Firstly, the design and graphics of the site made the Manchester
Unions look amateurish. Tessa had real talent as a Web designer. The site
contained multiple images of the Senator and Tessa that I assume were created by
someone expert in PhotoShop. I say this because I seriously doubt that Senator
Williams allowed anyone to take a picture of her making out with a naked Tessa.

   Tessa's site contained an illustrated S&M fantasy story in which the Senator
clad in a leather cat suit picks up a young lonely high school dyke named
(surprise) Tessa in an LA gay club, takes her to a castle dungeon, whips the
shit out of her and then makes her a very willing sex slave. The drawing that
accompanied the story showed a very real talent. After I read the story, I
discovered a certain itch in my own crotch. I corrected the problem in my usual
way by masturbating in the handicapped stall of the Ladies Room.

  I book marked Tessa's site and a few others and suspended my Web-based
research of fan sites. Looking at all of them would take a year. I had no idea
what to make of Senator Williams' Web fans.

  On the prurient side of the Web, there were several Web sites that claimed to
have nude photos of the Senator. They were the usual products of photo editing,
the Senator's head on some porn star's body. Some of the fakes were competently
done but others would have only fooled the severely retarded. There were also
some shots where paparazzi had caught the Senator emerging from a limo. I
recalled that Diana, Princess of Wales, was like the Senator in that she wasn't
all that careful when she swung her legs out of the limo door. One shot was of a
smiling Candace reaching up to take her tuxedo clad husband's hand. It must have
been a formal occasion because Candace was wearing a cocktail dress slit up to
her hip. The slit had parted and there was an up skirt panty shot that certainly
rivaled any of the famous ones taken of Diana. The Senator doesn't mind giving
the crowd an occasional peak at the goods I concluded.

    Strangely enough, I found several erotic stories sites that used the Senator
as a character. I guess that was normal. The newsgroup,
alt.sex.moderated.stories had a half dozen fictional stories where the Senator
engaged in every form of perverted sex with men, women, boys, girls, and large
dogs. I checked to see if there were similar stores about the female duo from
California, Senator's Boxer and Feinstein and got nothing. I did find, however,
an S&M story based on Representative Nancy Pelosi becoming the House Whip.
Apparently, the person who wrote the article flunked civics and didn't
understand the being the House Whip did not involve leather and cat-of-nine
tails.

  I had to laugh when I saw my search referenced a Web site hosted by something
called the "Church of the Apocalypse". The minister of this church, a Brother
Saul, claimed that Satan controlled Senator Williams. The site went on to claim
that the Senator had engaged in sex with the devil on more than one occasion.
The site included a picture of Candace that was labeled "The Anti-Christ". The
world never lacks for crazies, does it?

  I combed through numerous newspaper articles about the Senator's political
career. Her initial victory over Michael Harrington for his congressional seat
had raised eyebrows. The Boston Globe had referred to her victory as a "new day
dawns in Mass politics." Harrington was a classic Irish pol that was elected
more out of habit than conviction. Candace had come out of nowhere to crush
Harrington at the polls. Actually, he had given up before the election his
standing in the polls was so low.

  The Globe was a Williams's supporter of the first order by the way. As far the
boys and girls on Morrissey Boulevard (the location of the Globe's headquarters)
were concerned, the Senator's shit didn't stink.

  One thing I didn't find was any hint of scandal involving the Senator. She was
amazingly untainted by charges of corruption or wrongdoing. There was not a
single solitary mention of any association with the Pagan Motor Cycle Club or
the Amazons. I was beginning to think that David's initial suggestion was full
of shit but on further thought it was my only lead.

  I took a break and archived the material that I had gleaned from the Internet.
It was after six when I finished organizing my Candace Williams file. Everyone
had gone home but I decided to keep working.

  I sat down at my desk and did a text search through the Union Leader's
archives for any stores related to the Pagans Motorcycle Club. I went back ten
years. I was astounded at the number of Pagan related newspaper articles of drug
busts, rapes, murders, and shootouts with rival gangs. If rape, murder or mayhem
were mentioned, there was a good likelihood that the Pagans were in the story
somewhere. There was even an FBI report describing how the Pagans controlled the
market for crystal meth, PCP, and several other dangerous drugs in the US.

  Some of the stories could be best described as atrocities. For example, I
learned why Pagans always carried pliers on their belts. Last year, some drunken
Pagans had encountered a family of Canadian tourists in an I-95 rest area near
Manchester. The end result was a father, mother, son, and two daughters missing
all their teeth. Mother and daughters were gang raped while the father and son
watched. The son was forced to have sex with his mother and the father to
deflower the younger daughter.  Apparently forcing family members to commit
incest was high on the Pagans list of fun things since it happened in a number
of cases.

  The Union Leader had some pictures in the archive file that were much too
graphic to publish. Several sent chills up my spine. There was the mother
wrapped in a blanket trying to comfort the two daughters. People look funny with
no teeth. The youngest daughter was twelve. Somehow the dirty minded reporter
had gotten hold of all the photographs the police had taken of the 'evidence'.
Apparently the Pagans are not averse to biting your nipples off when they rape
you.  The twelve year old was missing one nipple. Her older sister and mom were
now among the nipple less. How you like to be a sixteen-year-old high school
girl with no teeth and no nipples?

  "Thanks David," was my reaction. What was I supposed to do? I could just
picture little Arlene walking into a Pagan hangout, flashing my reporter's
identification and walking out with the dirt on Senator Williams. What I really
pictured was Arlene walking out with toothless, bleeding gums, no nipples, and a
stretched out pussy and asshole you could drive a Harley into.

  I searched the archives for 'Amazons Motor Cycle Club' and got some hits. The
Amazons were definitely lower profile than the Pagans. There was one article
that was downright scary. Six years ago, some Amazons had quit the club and
formed a rival lesbian biker gang. A couple of park rangers had come upon a
scene from hell while backpacking in the White Mountains National Park. They
discovered seven women nailed to trees in a remote area reachable only by an old
logging road. Arlene read the quote from Ranger Avery Kendall.

  "The women were tortured before they were killed. Their breasts and private
parts were mutilated. Eyes were gouged out. Firecrackers were inserted in their
ears, vagina, and anal cavities and ignited. One of the women was impaled alive
on a large stake. It was one of the cruelest, most vicious murders I've ever
encountered."

  There was a follow up story stating that the murdered women had all been
identified as members of the motorcycle club that split off from the Amazons. At
that point, I was ready to walk over to David and tell him to find someone else,
preferably somebody who wanted to die in a horrible, painful fashion. But at the
last moment, I remembered my Aunt Carol.

  Aunt Carol had been a Pagan girl and had the tattoos to prove it. She was my
mother's youngest sister by ten years. After a wild youth that included a stint
hooking on the mean streets of lower Manhattan, Aunt Carol had returned to New
Hampshire and met Chuck LeBeau, a bona fide member of the Pagan Motorcycle Club.
My mother had told me the story several times as a caution against wild youth.

  Aunt Carol had become Chuck's girl and been initiated into the club.  Seven
years ago, Chuck had managed to slide his bike under the rear tires of a
tractor-trailer heading in the opposite direction on State Route 33.
Subsequently, my widowed Aunt Carol had met and married a local building
contractor and changed her life's direction overnight. She was now the mother of
two girls. She and her family lived quietly in a suburb of Manchester. Aunt
Carol went from family hell raiser to someone who never missed a PTA meeting. If
Aunt Carol would help, I'd go undercover to check out Senator William's
connections to the Pagans and Amazons.

  It was after nine so I headed home to feed my cat and eat a delicious Lean
Cuisine frozen entree prepared in my microwave.

   The next morning as soon as I arrived at work I hurried over to talk it over
with David.

  "I need to go undercover," I announced as soon as I got to his office.

  "We already do that every other Wednesday," said David with a look on his face
indicating he thought his remark terribly witty.

  "No, seriously, the Pagans don't talk to the press. I need to join the Pagans
and ride with them if I'm to get the story. I could learn how they and the
Senator are connected. There might be other good stories the paper could use.
The Pagans seem very newsworthy based on the archives."

  I might also add that I had read Hunter Thompson's "Hell's Angels". That book
which detailed his experiences with the Oakland Hell's Angels. It had made Dr.
Thompson into a celebrity. I was beginning to see a path to fame and glory or at
the least, a way out of Manchester.

  "Couldn't that be a little risky?" asked David.

  "I have an aunt who used to ride with the Pagans. She gave it up years ago and
is a respectable housewife now. I could ask her to help me pass as a biker
girl."

  "What do you tell them you do for a living?"

  "Work in my dad's office as a Customer Service Representative. They have a
large staff of CSRs to handle calls. The supervisor is a friend and she'll cover
for me."

  "Sounds like a plan, what do you need?"

  "I'll need a Harley-Davidson motorcycle and some riding gear."

  "The paper could lease you one. Management's anxious to get the goods on the
Senator. They believe she's going to run for President. I hear you can lease a
Harley. I guess we could expense the rest. Clyde asked me at the staff meeting
if we were making any progress on the Williams thing. He wasn't exactly thrilled
I gave it to you. If you could get something, it'd show I made the right call."

  "Good, then you'll let me do it."

  "Being a Pagan girl ain't exactly like going to Sunday school. It could get
rough."

  "My Aunt will show me the ropes and how to stay out of trouble. Please, let me
do this." If I was wearing a skirt, I would have spread my legs to give David a
crotch shot to encourage a positive answer but I was clad in slacks.

  "All right, but I expect you to keep me up to date on your progress. You'll
have to do your undercover work on nights and weekends. You can't let your other
work suffer."

  Looking back on it, if only David had said 'no way', several people would be
alive who are now dead. I'd still be in Manchester writing obituaries and
looking for Mr. Right in the meat markets. Fuck Mr. Right. I'd settle for Mr.
Good Enough. But my fate took a vastly different direction with those two little
words, 'all right'.

  When I got back to my desk, I gave Aunt Carol a call and asked to buy her
lunch. Next day, we met in a restaurant near her home.  I explained to Aunt
Carol how I wanted to go undercover and join the Pagans. Aunt Carol was less
than enthusiastic at the start.

  "This is not smart, Arlene. If they found out, there's no telling what they
would do. You would never be heard from again."

  "As soon as I get my story, I'll quit. I'm talking at most a few months."

  "Does Sara know about this?"

  "Mother doesn't know and I don't want her to know. She'd freak out."

  "She'd also never forgive me if she found out I helped you and something
happened. Sara and I only started to be friends again last year."

  "I promise she'll never know a thing."

  "I haven't been around the Pagans in eight or nine years. Things may have
changed."

  "I just need you to help me look and act the part."

  "I still have a few friends who used to ride with them. I suppose I could call
in some favors. You realize that women who hang with the Pagans are expected to
be sexually available."

  "I know that. I can handle it."

  "Are you sure? Chuck once ran out of gas and didn't have a cent. I had to suck
off a gas station attendant for three gallons of regular. Could you handle that,
being given away for five bucks work of gas?"

  "Yes."

  "I guess you're more like your Aunt than your mother. Also, you'll have to be
inked."

  "Inked?"

  "Tattooed, a lot of them. I'm having the last of mine burned off at the Laser
Center. It's painful getting them and it's painful removing them."

  "I'll be as inked as I need to be."

  "You'll need a motorcycle. Harley's aren't cheap."

  "The paper's going to lease one for me."

  "Can you ride a motorcycle?"

  "I used to ride Ed's Vespa."

  "You're going to need some lessons. I have a friend that may help. He owns
several Harley's but he doesn't ride with the Pagans anymore.

  "That'd be great."

  "We'll have to get you dressed to look the part. I wouldn't suppose you own
any jeans cut off so short your butt cheeks hang out."

  "No, but that's easy enough to do."

  "I know a place where we can get you some riding clothes, you'll need leather
halter tops and a vest or two."

  "Bike, riding lessons, tattoos, clothes, anything else?"

  "How are you at eating pussy?" said Aunt Carol.

  I hadn't thought of that but Aunt Carol was probably right. Being around the
Pagans meant the Amazons were nearby.  I was a slut but a strictly heterosexual
one.

  "I've never done that before."

  "How about multiple partners?"

  "I'm afraid my sex life has been strictly one on one."

  "That'll have to change if you ride with the Pagans and Amazons. Maybe you
should reconsider."

  "You did things in groups?" I asked.

  "Lots of times, for my initiation, twenty guys fucked me on top of a pool
table. After that, I rug munched with five of the Amazons."

  "Wow, Was that the worst?"

  "There is no worst when it comes to the Pagans. They'll be lots of gangbangs
and orgies. One of my worst was when Charlie made me suck and fuck a Rotweiler
named Carney on stage at the annual meeting. While Carney mounted me and was
fucking away, Charlie held the microphone to my mouth and made me bark like a
dog. Two hundred people watched me screw that dog.  There must have been fifty
video cameras in the audience. Those types of things happen to all the Pagan
girls. It's comes with the territory."

  I hadn't realized things went quite that far. But if I was every going to be
anything at the Union Leader other than David Smyth's every other Wednesday cum
receptacle, I was going to have to step up to the bar and use my ass to buy the
Pagans a drink. Pardon me for all the mixed metaphors. Mentally I was committed.

  "All right, in for a penny, in for a pound," I said to my aunt that day to
show my determination.

  Fortunately for me, Aunt Carol was still enough of a wild woman to think the
idea of me secretly infiltrating the Pagans and getting the dirt on Senator
Candace Williams was a challenge. Maybe she was vicariously reliving her wild
youth through me. Who knows? As it turned out, it would have been far better if
she had told me to forget it.

  Aunt Carol and I went shopping early Saturday. I bought two leather
halter-tops that my tits practically fell out of. She picked out a small leather
vest that barely covered by chest. It had two small ties in the front.

  "When you're at a meeting, you undo the ties and your boobs are available in
case any of the Pagans want a feel," was how Aunt Carol described my need for
this particular garment.

  Helmut, jacket, leather pants, gloves, and boots were purchased. David had
agreed the Union Leader would reimburse me for what I bought. I cut off some old
jeans to make shorts. When I modeled them for Aunt Carol, she just shook her
head and held out her hand for the shorts. She shortened them to where the lower
half of my ass cheeks showed. In the front, she cut out the crotch to where you
could see the edges of my pussy. It was apparel designed for an exhibitionist.

  "Pagan girls like to flash the honest citizens. Suppose you're at the food
court in the mall and you catch some teenagers eying you, you just spread your
legs so they can see your pussy. Embarrassing honest, church going folks is one
way the Pagans enjoy themselves," explained my aunt.

  I realized this was going to take some getting used to. I may be a whore but
I'm a modest one that prefers her sex private without a crowd watching. That was
going to have to change.

  "By the way, Pagan girls don't wear panties, that's a rule," advised Aunt
Carol. "So when you wear cutoffs your pussy is going to show."

  The morning ended in Keane, NH with me lying on a table in what used to be
called a tattoo parlor. This place had the ridiculously long name, "Earl L.
Cody's Emporium of Skin Art." A hulk of a man called Earl with tattoos covering
every visible inch of his skin inked a strand of barbwire circling my bicep, a
Harley Davidson shield with their famous motto on my shoulder and a coiled
rattlesnake below my navel in my pubic area. My Aunt had made me shave my delta
so the rattlers could end right above my clitoris. I lay there on the table
stark naked pretending Earl was a doctor. Earl and Aunt Carol knew each other
and reminisced about the good old days when they rode with the Pagans. They kept
recalling happenings where one or more Pagans died. The stories always involved
a mixture of alcohol, drugs, guns, rival gangs, collisions with semi-trailers
and other fun things. I found myself wondering if Earl was one of the twenty who
initiated Aunt Carol into the mysteries of the club.

  I spent a good deal of time clenching and unclenching my hands in pain.
Getting skin art hurts like hell, especially when that needle is less than an
inch from your love button.

  When that particular agony was over, Aunt Carol and I had lunch at my
apartment. A week later after my tattoos had healed, she had me dress in one of
my Pagan outfits and we drove north out of Manchester on I-93.  We exited the
Interstate in the middle of nowhere. After twenty minutes on the state road,
Aunt Carol had me turn off on side road clearly labeled "Private Residence,
Trespassers Will Be Shot." The side road ended in front of a log home and
several sheds and outbuildings.

  "Stay in the car until Tater get the dogs," said my Aunt. There were two
Doberman Pinchers waiting quietly beside the car. Each looked hopeful that we
were dumb enough to get out and provide them with an early afternoon snack.

  It was only a minute before a very tall and large individual with an automatic
shotgun appeared. He yelled something at the dogs and they retreated to one of
the sheds, obviously disappointed at not being able to sample a little Arlene
and Aunt Carol tartare. Two other men appeared carrying automatic weapons. Tater
yelled to them that everything was all right and they disappeared back into
wherever they were hiding.

  "Tater, this is my niece, Arlene."

  "Hi Arlene, Carol says you want to learn to ride a hog," said Tater reaching
forward to grab my hand in his oversized mitt and bestow a kiss like he was a
member of the French aristocracy.

  I replied in the affirmative. Tater was eyeing my body appreciatively. I was
wearing a leather halter-top and a pair of the shorts that Aunt Carol had cut
off. Basically my butt was hanging out and if I didn't watch it, my crotch
showed when I crossed my legs. I kept reminding myself that I was more covered
than when I wore my bikini to the water park. Of course, the water park is not
populated with vicious looking guard dogs and automatic weapon toting goons. I
smiled at Tater and thanked him in advance for my ridding lesson.

  "I got an old beat up bike that you can practice on," said Tater. We went over
to one of the sheds where Tater put me on a Harley that had been crashed a few
times. He provided my Aunt a better bike and for himself, a gleaming new one.
After he demonstrated the controls, the three of us slowly rode out behind the
house onto a flat area hacked out of the New Hampshire woods. Someone had
created a small airstrip right there in the forest. A large bulldozer rested
under a camouflage tarp in a clump of nearby trees.

  For the next three hours, Tater and I rode at increasing speeds around the
perimeter of the flattened area. I didn't kill myself but I came awfully close
several times. It was sort of like my brother's Vespa on steroids. It was
powerful and fast. And yes, I did find myself getting worked up feeling that
mechanical beast vibrating against my cunt. It certainly beat leaning on the
washing machine in the spin cycle.

  By the time it was getting dark, I had mastered at least the basics. I was
even jumping the bike over a small incline. That was fun.

  "Let's go back and get a beer," announced Tater after I had completed a
high-speed circuit of the flat area that I surmised was a landing field. I
pictured a small plane arriving in the dark ready to unload a ton of marijuana.
My Aunt had already cautioned me not to ask any questions and to forget
everything I saw that day.

  We put the bikes in the shed then walked to the back of the house where there
was a concrete pad and a set of wooden patio furniture. Tater yelled something
into the house and a wiry woman I hadn't seen before brought out three bottles
of beer. Myrna was wearing cutoffs and a leather halter-top. I have guessed
Myrna's age as close to mine, maybe younger.  She had cold black straight hair,
pierced ears, eyebrows, nose, tongue and lip. I've never quite understood why a
human being thinks having a safety pin in your eyebrow is attractive. Myrna
didn't lack for tattoos either.

  "Myrna, meet Arlene and Carol. Carol and I used to ride together in the old
days."

  We all said hello and Myrna disappeared back into the house. The three of us
were seated in cushioned lounge chairs surrounded by citron torches. I was sore
and tired. It had been a long day and I figured that Aunt Carol and I would be
polite, consume one beer and leave. I decided to thank Tater for the lessons.

  "I really appreciate all the trouble you went to this afternoon." I stated in
my sincerest voice.

  "Come on over here and show me how much," replied Tater as he unzipped his
pants and pulled out his cock.

  Before I could blurt out a word, Aunt Carol put her hand on my arm to stop me.
Then she spoke.

  "I told Tater that you'd fuck them in payment for the riding lesson."

  I should have been smart enough to realize this was coming. Aunt Carol said
that Pagan girls didn't have limits when it came to sex. She'd got me clothed,
tattooed and taught to ride. Learning to be gang banged was the next logical
step. She did say 'fuck him'. She said 'fuck them."

  I hesitantly stood up and took a few steps toward the seated Tater. He was
leisurely stroking his cock. All of a sudden I decided I just couldn't go
through with it. We all have our quirks and mine had to do with privacy. Sure, I
was a shit eating, piss guzzling, and fuck for the boss whore but I didn't do
those things in front of a crowd. Or at least I hadn't up to that point. I had
my limits.

  "I'm sorry but I need some privacy. Could we go into your bedroom?"

  "Shit no, watching is all part of the fun," replied Tater. "We're even going
to video your first gang bang."

  "I just can't do this with people watching."

  "Tater, Arlene needs some encouragement," said Aunt Carol. "Make her."

  Tater may have been a big man but he could move fast. Quicker than I could
blink, he was up and off that chair and had sunk a fist in my mid section that
emptied every molecule of air from my lungs. I doubled over and fell to my
knees, desperate to replenish my air supply. Before I could replace any of the
missing oxygen, Tater grabbed a handful of my hair and pulled me to a standing
position. I felt hair strands separating from my scalp. Keeping a firm grip on
my dyed blonde tresses, he reached inside the leather bra top and took a firm
hold on my nipple and twisted it.

  I had finally gotten enough air to express myself. My scream echoed off the
surrounding hillsides. It was a long plaintive wail, communicating the fact that
my body was racked with pain, especially the nipple that Tater was about to rip
off the end of my tit.

  "You like pain, Arlene?" asked Tater with a smile on his face that I read to
mean he liked it, giving it that is."

  "No, please stop." I was begging. My eyes were full of tears. Pain is
definitely the most controlling of human experiences. Tater was ripping my hair
out by the roots and lifting me off the ground by one nipple. He was in control.

  "Are you ready to perform in a crowd?"

  "Yes," I replied and I meant it.

  "You'd suck my cock on the pitcher's mound at Fenway Park when the Red Sox
play the Yankees?"

  "Yes, anything just let me go."

  "Okay, let's see what you can do, get naked."

  Tater released me and my hands immediately went to my hair to make sure he had
not snatched me bald and my breast to confirm that there was still a nipple.
Tater sat back down in the chair and gave me a 'get started' look. I pushed the
jeans shorts down and removed the halter-top. I guess that Pagan girls dress
that way to allow them to get naked with a minimum of fuss. Drop the shorts and
toss the leather bra and you are one hundred percent stripped for action.

  " I felt to my knees, placed my hands on top of Tater's thighs and licked the
tip of his prick. I've sucked my share of cock. The part I had to get used to
was having an audience. I blanked out the fact that Aunt Carol was sitting about
three feet away. I settled down and applied the cock sucking techniques I had
been honing since I was fourteen.

  "She's a fine little dick sucker," I heard Tater say to Aunt Carol, "She
reminds me of you in your younger days, she's got that long muscular tongue that
wraps around your prick like a wet anaconda."

  "I do see something of myself in the way she sucks it. Is the rest of your
crew going to join us? Arlene needs to be gang fucked," asked Aunt Carol.

  "We have to leave one on guard but Myrna went to fetch the other guys."

  I was on my knees sucking Tater's cock when I heard the sound of the patio
door opening and people walking onto to the patio.

  "How is she, Tater?" I heard a male voice say.

  "She's good, but of course, this is the first peter been in her yap tonight.
We'll see how she holds up after all you boys had dipped your love muscle in her
pretty mouth. Arlene, say hello to the boys."

  I turned around to see how many love muscles I would be dealing with. There
were six young males standing behind me. With Tater, I was dealing with seven
males, a number I considered manageable when I heard Myrna pipe up.

  "Eating pussy's more work that sucking cock. I want her to eat me out."

  "How about you, Carol, you going to let Arlene munch your rug?"

  "I wasn't going to, what with it being incest, Arlene is my niece and all but
I changed my mind. Myrna, what do you say we have some fun together while the
men entertain Arlene. I feel like eating some pussy."

  "Sure, honey, let's do it." I heard Myrna reply. My peripheral vision picked
up Myrna walking over to a lounger, removing her jeans and top then lying down
and starting to run her fingers over her cunt. Aunt Carol had apparently
undressed behind me. A naked Aunt Carol, who in spite of her forty years still
had a good figure walked calmly over, kneeled on the bottom of the lounger and
began to lick Myrna's cunt. I guess you can take the girl of out of the Pagans
but not the Pagan out of the girl.

  "That's it Carol, lick that hairy hole," said Myrna as she put her hands on
the back of my Aunt's head and pulled her face closer to her hole. I might add
Myrna's hole was adorned with three pairs of labia rings and another center ring
that went right through her clit (ouch, double ouch). How Myrna got through an
airport metal detector was beyond me. Maybe the TSA took her into a room and
stripped her. She'd didn't look like she would mind.

  I felt movement immediately behind me. Someone had thrown a chair cushion on
the deck at my feet. I felt male hands grab by waist and position me. In a
matter of moments, I grunted as a good size cock slide into my cunt. The man was
well hung and apparently horny as hell because he fucked me for maybe thirty
seconds then pumped a load of semen inside me. Giving head while being fucked
was a first for me. It was busy but good. You feel invaded twice over.

  Aunt Carol had warned me that nothing was considered more un-Pagan than
condoms.

  "If you get the clap or syphilis, you'll just have to go to the doctor and get
cured."

  "How about AIDS?"

  "There's no cure for that, you'll die. Pagans believe in taking risks."

  "Why don't they use condoms?"

  "It's against the Pagan ethos of living free."

  The cocks in my mouth and cunt weren't clad in latex.  When Tater shot off, he
held my head and spoke, encouraging me to be neat.

  "You spill a drop and I'll take a belt to your ass."

  I'd been swallowing boy paste since I was fourteen so that wasn't a problem.
As soon as Tater and the man at my rear finished, the next two replaced them. I
have to admit that when you're given no choice, you might as well relax and
enjoy it. Aunt Carol and Myrna were having a good time. I could hear my Aunt's
mouth working on Myrna's cunt.

  Myrna, in a display of yoga like flexibility, had bent her legs back to the
point that her feet were past her head, causing her butt to point directly up in
the air. Tater walked over and assisted Myrna by grabbing her ankles and pulling
them downward to where she could kiss her own knees. I surmised that Myrna like
me also practiced Hatha Yoga.  

  Tater straddled Myrna and lowered himself to where she could take his cock in
her mouth. Myrna was bent in the shape of a Bobbie pin. Aunt Carol's mouth was
busily licking Myrna's pussy and asshole. Every one in a while, Tater would
switch his cock from Myrna's mouth to Aunt Carol's.

  I have to say that once I got over my initial fears, I was enjoying the sex. I
had two firm cocks inside my body. The guy I was blowing was lying back in the
lounger letting me do all the work. I was doing his balls and cock. He was
flexible enough that he could raise his legs to let allow me access to his butt
hole. I prefer to provide oral sex in a definite pattern.

   To start, I like to suck a guy hard using only my mouth. The only physical
contact he has is my warm mouth sliding up and down his cock while my tongue
alternates between his piss hole and licking the ridge of skin on its underside.
A couple of times, I'll force the cock head into the opening of my throat. I
mastered the art of suppressing the gag reflex when I was fifteen and my brother
showed me a copy of Linda Lovelace's performance in "Deep Throat." At the time,
I told myself if Linda could do that so can I.

  After they're hard, I switch my mouth to their balls, taking them in my mouth
one at a time and gently sucking them. My hand strokes their dick to keep it
hard while I mouth massage their nuts. If the angle is right, I work my mouth
down past their balls to their shit hole. Many girls consider eating butt too
nasty or perverted but I love the feeling you get when you force open that tight
brown hole and slip your tongue inside. Guys are crazy about that. Once you got
their anus wet and loosened up, you keep a finger or two deep inside as you go
back to cock sucking and massaging their gonads.  It can get busy finger fucking
their butt, rubbing their nuts and trying to nose breathe with a cock in your
esophagus but the guys really enjoy it and my routine has received numerous
complements.

  "She's good," said the guy I was blowing that night on the patio. I never got
his name.

  "Nice tight pussy, too, she really gives you a squeeze, she must be a pro,"
said the guy fucking me. His name was an unknown also. He thought I was a
prostitute. I suppose I should take that as a compliment.

  The three of us had gotten into a rhythm. The fellow in my cunt was delivering
long powerful strokes, pulling back to the opening of my vagina then sliding
forward to where his balls slapped against my pussy lips. My front side
companion was starting to breathe faster and heavier, a sure sign that the load
of sperm residing in his nuts was planning an imminent escape. There's nothing
quite like feeling your mouth fill with cum for the second time in ten minutes.
I love the noises guys make when they get off. I remember what the guy in my
mouth shouted when he filled it.

  "Oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, oh fuck."

  It wasn't exactly Shakespearean but it conveyed his approval of my efforts.
The guy in my cunt finished a minute later and before I could say, "Was it good
for you?" The third pair mounted me. 

  I suspect being willing to fuck in public is sort of like going to a nudist
colony for the first time. Initially, you're reluctant but once you step out and
let everyone see, it's no big deal.

  I heard Tater bark out an order.

  "Lenny, go in the kitchen and get a can of Crisco. I got a yin to see some
lesbo fist fucking."

  Tater having reacquired an erection had mounted Aunt Carol from the rear and
was slowly pounding away. My Aunt's mouth was busily munching Myrna's rug while
Tater was fucking her doggie style.

  "You'll still tight, Carol honey." I heard Tater say.

  "And I still love the way you fuck me," replied my Aunt who was obviously
getting off at the compound sex.

  The guy fucking me from the rear had started working a wet finger in my
asshole. I felt some type of lubricant being applied and in a moment there was a
second slick finger inside my rectum. He was loosening me up, stretching me out.
It was an easy guess why.

  Over the years, I'd had anal intercourse. I couldn't say I prefer it but it
wasn't bad especially if you had a few drinks and the guy took it easy and let
you get used to having something that big up your ass. I had relaxed and was
getting my head into being double penetrated. I was squeezing the cock of the
guy in my pussy as I made love to the hard cock in mouth. I can always tell when
I get aroused because I start grunting each time the guy slams it home. The guy
in my cunt was well endowed and I could feel it bottoming out deep inside my
female parts.

  Some men enjoy sex more when they can cause their female partner pain. The guy
fucking me from the rear was one of those. He gave me a couple of powerful swats
on my rear. I yelped and that encouraged him to deliver two more. Then he
reached under me and grabbed a nipple and twisted it. I yelled, "Stop, that
hurts." He took that as encouragement and twisted harder. It's hard to
concentrate on sucking a cock when someone's trying to take your nipple through
a three hundred and sixty degree turn. I squeezed his cock with my pussy hopping
to distract him but that didn't work. Finally the guy with his cock in my mouth
gave me a hand.

  "Ease up, Ray, she can't suck properly while you're playing with her."

  Ray did ease up "playing" with me for now. Later, Ray was to get his chance
for a one on one. I left Tater's with the marks to show for it.

  I took a brief look to my right where Aunt Carol was slowly working handfuls
of Crisco into Myrna's cunt and asshole. Fisting in my mind was a gay/lesbian
thing. I'd never had sex with another woman although one night in the dorm when
I was a freshman I watched two drunken coeds eat each other out. I was too
intoxicated to join them or I probably would have engaged in a rug munch. Myra's
squeals caused me to look over at her and Aunt Carol.

  "Oh I love that feeling, do it deep and slow." Myrna was twisting her body
from side to side. Aunt Carol had managed to get a latex gloved hand inside
Myrna's vagina. I could see Myrna's vagina gripping my aunt's wrist.

  "Tickle her ovaries," said Tater who had returned to holding Myrna's legs out
wide and bent over her head.

  "Look at that. Her hand is inside that pussy. Now do her ass," exclaimed
Tater.

   "People get off on different things and Tater's thing was seeing a woman
stick her hand in side another woman's vagina and rectum. I'd never seen anybody
fisted and wondered how it felt. I was to find out shortly. Myra was taking deep
breaths as Aunt Carol worked her other hand inside her ass. Crisco was
everywhere. Tater's head was definitely into what my Aunt was doing inside
Myrna's rectum.

  "I see two fingers, give me three." A minute later, he yelled.

  "Three fingers in her shitter, Myrna you can take it, go for four." I heard
Myrna breathe deeply then Tater exclaimed.

  "Four fingers. Look at the size of that butt hole, slip your thumb in." There
were more long breaths from Myrna then I heard Aunt Carol say, "I'm in all the
way."

  "Hold it there. I'm going to get the camera," said Tater taking his cock out
of my Aunt's cunt and dashing into the house.

  I concentrated on the two cocks I was working on. I noted that the four other
men I had already fucked besides Tater hadn't gone anywhere. They were lounging
around drinking beer and stroking their cocks. I wasn't done not by a long shot. 
This was a play that definitely had a second act and maybe a third.

  Tater came hurrying back with a video camera. Tater started to film my Aunt
fist fucking Myrna. I wondered at the time if Aunt Carol wasn't worried that the
video would fall into the wrong hands. I can't imagine how it would be if one of
her two girls came home and said, "This boy showed me a picture of you with your
hand inside another's woman's pussy."   Later, she explained it this way.

  "It's just a risk you take. I've known Pagan girls who wound up on those
amateur videotapes being sold in stores. Being a Pagan is about taking it to the
limits and daring fate. You go at life as fast and hard as you can. Something
eventually kills you: drugs, alcohol, the law, STD's, anything but old age.
Pagans don't plan to die in bed anyway. After you've been with them a while,
you'll understand that."

  "Give me a big smile, Myrna," directed Tater as he aimed the camera toward
Myrna's face.

  I later learned that Pagans are into video capture of just about anything they
considered interesting. I recalled that one of my newspaper articles mentioned
that three Pagans were convicted of rape and sodomy because when they were
arrested, they were found with a camcorder loaded with evidence. It's difficult
to get an innocent verdict when you provide a film of you committing the crime.
Before my stint with the Pagans was over, there were several hours of video of
little Arlene committing crimes against nature.

  "Look at that, up to her elbows in both holes," I heard Tater say. I looked
over to confirm it was true. Aunt Carol hands and forearms were inside Myrna's
pussy and ass. It looked bizarre. Myrna was letting out these little mewling
sounds. I could see sweat glistening off Myrna's tits.

  "Oh God, I love feeling this full," moaned Myrna.

  "Now give her ten power strokes. Ray, you hold her. I want to hear her
scream," said Tater.

  I looked over to see that Ray had pulled Myrna's legs in a V shape and
backwards until her butt pointed toward the sky. My Aunt was kneeling on the
lounger her arms inside Myrna's holes.

  "One," yelled Tater the auteur. My Aunt had drawn her arms out to where just
her fist was just inside Myrna's holes. When Tater yelled the number, Aunt Carol
punched forward delivering a quick shove that buried both arms to her elbows.
Myrna screamed in pain. And I mean it was a loud, bounce off the surrounding
hills, shriek of animal pain.

  "Did you see her face when Carol hit bottom? That was great, Two," said Tater.

  Another full thrust and Myrna screamed again.

  Pagans and former Pagans get a hardon when they hear the sound of a human in
pain. All seven of this crowd had come in either my mouth or my pussy and they
were ready for the other hole. They pulled me up on the lounger onto my back and
bent me double. One of the guys with a large hard cock positioned his cock at my
brown hole and pushed slightly to open me up. I was already lubricated but only
fingers had been inside my ass at this point.

  "Watch her take it," said whoever the hell it was with the big cock poised
inside by butt hole.

  "Take it easy at first until I get used to it." I said wasting my breath.

  At that moment, he went in all the way to his balls. Now, every guide to anal
sex talks about enemas, lubrication, and taking it nice and slow to start with.
Of those three, I only had lubrication and that was mostly spit. The feeling of
a large cock being rammed up your unprepared ass is agonizing. I tried to raise
myself up to push him off and get that thing that felt like a red hot poker out
of my ass; but two hands grabbed my shoulders and held me down.

  "Easy, easy, you're hurting me," I begged, "it hurts, take it out for a
minute."

  "Sure, bitch, does this feel better?" At that point, he pulled it back then
plunged it in again. I tried to twist away. My guts were one fire for I would
say the first ten times he fucked my ass. After that it slowly got better. After
he unloaded inside my ass, it didn't take five seconds for another cock to
invade my poop chute. The pain had taken a lot out of me. I just lay there
grunting as all six of them fucked my asshole. The last guy was the mean one. He
turned me over on my back, put my legs on his shoulders and shoved it inside my
sore rectum.

  I felt his thumbs enter my mouth and pull it wide to the point that my lips
would split. Then he leaned close to my open mouth and slowly released a gob of
chewing tobacco spit between my lips.

  "Swallow it," he whispered.

  "I thought about spitting it in his face. Luckily I decided that was a bad
idea and gulped it down. Swallowing someone else's spit is one of the most
degrading and sickening things you can do. It makes you feel less than human. As
soon as I did that, he began to bite my tits. He'd grab a nipple in his teeth
and crush it. I'd scream and he'd bite down harder. He'd take my areola, suck
that into a point and chomp down. I was screaming my lungs out. He eased up
after I heard Tater say, "Take it easy Ernie, nothing permanent, she's company."

  When Ernie finished in my ass, he climbed up on top of me and pushed his
shit-covered cock between my lips. Since I hadn't been properly cleaned out, my
ass was leaking cum and shit.

  "Lick it clean," Ernie commanded.

  If I didn't, they find some way to make me, so I raised my head and used my
tongue to clean all my shit off his dick.

  After that they carried me over and laid me down on the picnic table. One guy
got under me. I was on my back on top of him. He slipped his cock into my ass.
Another entered my vagina from the front while a third held my head and fucked
my mouth. It was brutal, mean, triple penetration. I saw Tater standing nearby
capturing the entire gangbang on video. I recall thinking it would be something
to show my grandchildren not that I'll ever have any. After those three, there
was a second threesome. I was too exhausted and hurting to care what happened.
You reach a point where you just do what they say and hope it will soon be over.

  "You girls can have her now," I heard Tater say.

  I found my face being straddled by Myrna's pussy.

  "Get to licking, honey" was all she said. I raised my head and licked her
dirty hole. It smelled of Crisco, piss and sperm. I guess somebody had dumped a
load in Myrna sometime during the evening. There was certainly enough cock
around to get the job done. I licked slowly trying to get into lesbian sex. For
the first time in hours, no one was hurting me. I felt a hand rub some type of
grease into the opening of my pussy.

  "She's already so open, I'll get in without a lot of effort," said my Aunt. I
realized that fisting was on also my dance card at that point. I opened my eyes
to see Tater's camera was less than a foot from my face as he filmed me munching
Myrna's rug.

  "Give her a little squirt, Myrna," said Tater, "Open wide and swallow,
Arlene."

  I did as I was told and got my first mouthful of girl pee. You reach a point
in a gangbang where you just go with it. You don't have a will. My Aunt was
stroking my clit as she worked her hand inside my vagina. I was starting to feel
a lot of pressure as she slowly increased the number of fingers inside my
vagina. As my vagina filled, Aunt Carol went to work on my asshole. I lay there
listening to their conversation.

  "The boys loosened her ass up too," said my Aunt.

  "Pull your hand out of her ass. I want a close up of her gaped open butt,"
said Tater.

  "You get that?"

  "Sure did, looks like a superhighway. They practically turned her inside out."

  "Pussy's open too,"

  "Yea, I already got that."

  "I'm going in deep."

  I felt hands moving slowly up my bowels and birth canal at the same time. I
remember thinking that I would never again be able to take a normal shit or have
a baby.

  "Elbow deep," I heard my Aunt say. It was a weird feeling. There was a lot of
pressure. I felt my Aunt twist her hand back and forth.

  "Give her a couple of power fucks so she knows what its like."

  Myrna grabbed my ankles and held them. I felt my Aunt slowly retract her fists
until they were just inside my openings.

  "Now," whispered Tater.

  I saw stars as two fists punched deep inside my body. The one in my vagina
slammed into something solid like my uterus, womb, or other organ, slid off and
went deeper. I opened my mouth and let out a plaintive wail of agony. It trailed
off in time for a second hard fist thrust that caused me to pass out.

  "Make her yell again," directed Tater as he aimed the camera at my face. That
was the last thing I heard.

  When I woke up, I was laid out in the back seat of my car. Aunt Carol was
driving back to Manchester. I had an awful taste in my mouth and was dying of
thirst.

  "Hand me that bottle of water," I said to my Aunt.

  "Good you're awake. Do you need to go to the emergency room?" asked Aunt Carol
as she handed me a bottle of Poland Springs that was lying on the console.

  "No, I'm okay, just sore." I wasn't really sure that my insides hadn't been
turned to mush but I didn't feel like anything was truly broken.

  "I hated to do that, Arlene, but you needed to know what being a Pagan girl
was like. Being brutally gang raped is part of it. Things like that will happen
to you more than once. Now that you've seen, do you want to call it off?"

  "No, I'm okay."

  "Well, I guess you're tougher enough to be a Pagan girl. Speaking from
experience, I'm not sure that's a good thing," said Aunt Carol.

  It was later after I'd used a whole package of Summer's Eve attempting to get
the Crisco out of my pussy that I had time to reflect on the day's events. Aunt
Carol had left after I declined her offer to give me an enema and douche to
remove all the non-hydrogenated fat that was packed inside my holes.  I felt
like enough people had been working my holes that day and I needed a little
privacy to reflect.

  Aunt Carol gave me the impression that in spite of her concerns about me she
had enjoyed the sex at Taters. I guess life in suburbia does get kind of dull if
you're used to being a biker slut. I didn't think Aunt Carol wanted to go back
to her old life permanently; however she hadn't minded an afternoon revisiting
her wild side. Tater and a couple of his crew plus Myrna had screwed Aunt Carol
and she had the relaxed look of the well fucked when she said goodbye.

  It had been a day of firsts. I had my first ride on a Harley-Davidson
motorcycle and I could see why it symbolized the outlaw biker. They were sleek
and powerful and just riding one made you horny. I couldn't wait for the paper
to lease mine.

  I had pulled my first train. I'd come close in college to participating in a
gangbang but lost my nerve at the last minute. It was at an ATO fraternity party
my junior year. Several of the girls from my dorm were invited. There was a girl
who lived on the same floor named Cassidy that I didn't know that well. Cassidy
gave the impression that she was shy, reserved, and not much of a party girl.
That was before she had a drink. We'd been there about two hours dancing and
drinking when Cassidy hopped up on a table and proceeded to take all her clothes
off. After that, she announced to all present that she wanted to pull a train. A
group of the frat boys took her upstairs and proceeded to fulfill her request.

  I wondered up and looked in the room where Cassidy was riding one guy while
sucking off another. A guy I'd been dancing with asked me if I wanted to join
Cassidy pointing out it was a queen size bed and there was room for another
girl. I came close to saying yes. But at the last moment, I asked the guy to
take me somewhere private where just the two of us could fuck.  He accepted that
(why am I not surprised?) and I spent the whole weekend in his room screwing.
Still I could recall being turned on watching Cassidy get gangbanged.

  I'd also for the first time engaged in lesbian sex. I'd eaten Myrna and Aunt
Carol and they'd munched my rug. That was something I would later really get
into. Today, here at the Palace of Sin, I'd definitely classify myself as
bi-sexual.

  And of course, there was being fist fucked in both holes. Frankly, I was so
sore that was something I was not anxious to repeat. Later under more gentle
circumstances. I learned to appreciate the pleasure of having a loving female's
fist and arm buried in my plumbing.

  It was also later I came to understand how sex with the Pagans was different
from the kind of sex I was used to. Outside of David, the men I was dating and
screwing were pretty average guys. They were actually concerned that I orgasmed. 
I don't mean to say they lost any sleep if I did not hit the big "O" but they
expressed an interest. It was part of their game plan.

  But Pagans put it in the hole of their choice and fuck you until they shoot.
They could care less if you get off. But if they don't, that's a good excuse to
slap you around or grab your nipple in their pliers and make you scream. Sex
with a Pagan guy is always a rape even when the girl consents.  Pagan sex is
emotionally cold but physically hot.

  In a Pagan gang rape, you're lying there with a line of Pagans anxious to fuck
you. They're watching their fellow Pagans screw you while they jerk off. Their
only concern is when they get their turn.  They don't care shit about you.
They're not interested in your astrological sign, your career or who's your
favorite band.

  The fact that you're a naked female lying there with your legs spread and
semen dripping out of a pussy that's gaped open from being fucked a dozen or
five dozen times turns them on. If you're sobbing, begging them to stop, that
turns them on even more.

  If your husband, son, or father is being forced to watch that makes it even
better. On many occasions, I've sat and listen to those bad ass bikers recall
the wonderful time they had busting some fourteen year old's cherry while their
family watched.

  "You should have seen the look on her Daddy's face when I split his little
girl's cherry. I busted that son-of-a-bitch wide open. She squealed like a stuck
pig. You could tell Daddy wanted to fuck his little girl himself so we made him.
He got his nut off in five strokes," was how one Pagan described a particularly
satisfying rape of a family.

  It was later after I became a full initiated Pagan that I came to understand
the Pagan psyche. I also became someone who enjoyed watching and participating
in a gang rape.

  Nietzsche said that when you stare in the abyss, the abyss stares back into
you. My ambition had committed me to staring into the Pagan Motorcycle Club.
What I did not understand was that it was also staring back into me and before
long I would become part of that abyss.




Chapter 25 Arlene Part 4



Final Preparations



Please take note! Adults Only Literature

The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written for
adults only.

If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing this
file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
now.

This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
is purely coincidental, etc.

Email HarryBerg01@aol.com with your comments.

Copyright 2003

                                                                ****

  "Pagans interpret being inked as having the mindset required to be committed
to the club. Lots of tattoos are a way of saying I'm leaving the nine to five
world behind permanently," said Aunt Carol that day at lunch.

  "Every high school kid you meet these days has a tattoo," I replied.

  "True, but of course it didn't used to be that way. When I started out, only
whores, sailors, and outlaw bikers had tattoos. Anyhow, having a tiny little
rose inked on your butt doesn't impress a Pagan. Being heavily inked makes a
statement that the Pagans automatically understand."

   I needed more tattoos according to my aunt. There were two problems. They
took some time to get and they weren't cheap. Aunt Carol declared that I needed
butterflies covering my tits and something arty and dramatic across my back. She
and I choose a large image of a naked girl on a bike riding through the
mountains. It would cover my back from shoulder to shoulder. I was careful that
in my street clothes nothing showed but naked I was going to look like a
billboard.

   Earl did the butterflies first. I could tell from the way his hands kept
lingering that he liked the feel of my tits. His prurient interest did produce a
terrific result. Both butterflies were gorgeous and the colors were vivid. Aunt
Carol showed me how to shake my tits so it appeared that the butterflies' wings
were moving. I showed that to David on one of our Wednesday afternoons and he
pronounced it instant hardon material.

  I'd been concerned that some of the suits I dated would decide that tattoos
were too declasse even for a whore they occasionally took to dinner in return
for a fuck. I was surprised. They loved to see those butterfly wings flutter
just as much as my boss.

   I had some fun with my butterfly titties.  Earl liked to joke about how my
nipples got hard when he was inking the butterflies.

  "I can tell they're glad to see me," commented Earl as he inked the design
into my left breast.

  "They are glad to see you and they'll be glad to get this over. It does hurt
you know."

  "No gain without the pain," replied Earl philosophically

  The elaborate tattoo on my back would take three visits to complete. On the
first visit of the three, Earl decided to barter.

  "That's $1600 or we could work something out," said Earl watching me as I took
off my top. I wasn't shy anymore about being naked in front of strangers. David
had complained the week before about my expense reimbursements requests.

  "Bike riding clothes and leasing the bike are okay but tattoos, the paper's
never reimbursed anybody for getting tattooed," said David. "Accounting looked
at me like I had two heads for approving it."

  "I thought you said they were sexy."

  "I did and they are. But Accounting says they are permanent and you can enjoy
them forever. So they don't see why the newspaper should pay for them."

  "I have to be inked if I'm to fit in."

  "Well, I'll try again but I think this is one expense that's going to have to
come out of your pocket."

  So when Earl suggested we work something out, I was interested.

  "What did you have in mind?" I remembered something I'd learned in a
self-improvement seminar sponsored by the paper on the "Art of Negotiation".
Supposedly the first person that names a price is at a disadvantage.

  "It'll take three sessions. First two sessions, you suck me off when you get
here and fuck me before you leave. Third session, which is just for touchup, we
schedule for next Friday. Afterwards, you come over to my house for the weekend.
My sister, Sheena, and her husband Troy will join us and we'll party until
Sunday then you can leave."

  I suppose Earl had read me correctly if he figured I would trade sex. There
are times I wondered whether the only difference between a full time prostitute
and me is that I had a day job. I was fucking David to keep my day job and a
couple of married men who took me out for the occasional dinner. One of my
married partners was in sales and he frequently fixed me up with his clients and
buddies knowing I was willing to put out they bought the steak. Doing Earl for
skin art was not out of my scope. Besides I thought Earl was kind of cute in a
fatherly way.

  "That's a lot of fucking for $1600," I responded.

  "Well suit yourself, cash or pussy which is it?"

  "Unzip your pants and sit down." I wasn't much of a negotiator. Besides I
needed to get used to that type of 'who cares' sex if I was going to be an
undercover Pagan. Carol had mentioned putting out for gasoline so I could call
screwing Earl for skin art part of my training.

  Contributing to my dilemma was that I pretty much always wanted to be fucked
and Earl looked like the kind of male animal that would make it enjoyable.

  Earl produced a completely tattooed cock and I mean completely. There wasn't
an inch of skin on his cock that wasn't inked except for the cock head. (God
that must have hurt.)

  Earl's was also the first cock I sucked (and later fucked) that was pierced.
He called it a 'Prince Albert' named after Queen Victoria's husband. There was a
curved bar with one end exiting out the piss hole and the other end out the
bottom side. I wondered whether you had to take a general anesthetic to have
that done. I always wished I had taken the time to check out the historical
accuracy of the name of the piercing. I don't know much about Queen Victoria but
the idea of a royal consort having a curved metal bar through the head of his
penis is a stretch.

  The 'Prince Albert' did not interfere with Earl's blowjob and before long I
felt a warm spurt of jism flood my mouth as I sucked away. I rated Earl's cum as
sweet. I read somewhere that gay guys say that diet impacts the taste. Eating
strawberries and citrus fruit is supposed to give it a good flavor. Sometimes
I'm amazed at the way facts related to sex have stuck with me all these years.
Don't ask me the state capitals though.

  Afterwards I learned that the 'Prince Albert' created a quite different
sensation when it's rubbing along your cunt walls. Because my back was sore from
the tattoo, I mounted Earl on his table in the cowgirl position and gingerly
slid his sizeable pierced cock inside me. I like cowgirl because I can control
the amount of clitoral stimulation by rubbing my pubic bone against the guy's
pubic mound. I can also use my fingers and it gives the guy access to my tits
that have their own craving for the attention of male hands. (Why is it that
guys who have rough callused hands like construction workers are the best at
making a girl's motor run just by grabbing a nipple between tow hard callused
fingers?)  Besides Earl was not exactly lean and bearing his weight would make
it hard to breathe.

  As soon as I had Earl's steel accessorized man meat inside me, I realized I
was onto something good. Let me just say, you can feel those little round metal
balls on the ends of the curved bar as the travel up and down your cunt. And
they feel real good. 

  I wondered if Cosmopolitan had ever published an article about how great a
vaginal orgasm can be when you're a regular with Tantric Yoga and keggle
exercises and the prick inside you couldn't get past a metal detector. (I always
meant to ask Earl what he did when he flew.)

  Anyway, I went slightly insane ridding up and down Earl's cock. He was doing
an excellent job of squeezing my nipples as we fucked.

  "Oh God, why didn't anyone tell me what a good fuck this is." I was moaning
and twisting.

  "I can see Arlene likes a little steel in her cunt," said Earl as she pushed
upward to meet me.

  When I felt Earl shoot his load, I let everything I had go and finished in a
screaming climax that shook the walls. It was a good thing Earl didn't have any
customers in his waiting room. It took me several minutes to recover to the
point where I could climb off. When I looked down there were little spots of my
blood on Earl's cock. I don't know whether the real Prince Albert had a pierced
dick but if he did I now understood why Queen Victoria mourned him all those
years.

  We did the second part three days later. My cunt was hungry for a more of the
Prince Albert treatment and I'd pleasured myself at home with my favorite dildo
while I fantasized that Earl was inside me with those metal balls raking my cunt
wall. Earl must have been anticipating too because he quickly delivered up his
load after I had only been sucking for a brief time. The fuck was great too. I
didn't want to quit.

  "Let me get you hard again. I like the way you feel inside me."

  "You like my hardware, don't you?"

  "Like it? I love it. It feels so different when it's inside me."

  "Next Friday night deal doesn't change. I told Sheena and Troy you'd be there.
They're looking forward to it."

  "Friday stays the same. I just want some more of that pierced cock right now."

  "Eat my ass that always gets me hard for a second fuck, " said Earl being
helpful and making the effort to find out just how far I would go.

  In my experience, men are very anal. Sure, we girls like a finger in our ass
during oral sex and occasionally something larger but the average guy thinks
he's reached the Promised Land when a girl's tongue touches that little brown
wrinkled sphincter muscle and probes it open. I never met a guy who objected to
my tongue or finger inside his butt.

  There was a circle about three inches in diameter surrounding Earl's asshole
that was one of the few places on his body not covered with ink. It's fair to
say I'd gotten into the nasty side of sex. None of my girl friends would ever
admit sober they got a thrill from working their tongue up the butt hole of a
man. However after several beers and we decide to talk dirty, it's not uncommon
for them to own up that rimming the guy's ass is pretty much SOP.  Eating butt
is not hygienic and maybe that's what I like about it. No matter how much a butt
is washed, there's always a little bit of a shit smell and usually some poo
lurking in a crevice somewhere.

   Well, Earl wasn't Mr. Clean so I found myself licking off streaks of dried
shit that surrounded his brown hole. Of course, it helps if you tell someone
like Earl what you're doing. Men are so into girls who can verbalize their
nastiest yearnings.

  "I like a man who doesn't wipe his ass. Your hole is all smeared with shit.
I'm licking it off and eating it. It tastes yummy."

  "How does it taste, you filthy shit eating whore?" said Earl a man that firmly
believed in degradation and graphic repartee.

  "It tastes like shit. God, I love the taste of your shit. I'm glad you don't
wipe your ass. Your butt hairs are all matted with tiny beads of shit."
Actually, Earl wasn't all that dirty but as they like to say, "The mind is the
largest sex organ." Convincing him I was down there chewing his turds would have
the effect I was looking for.

  "Eat it, eat my dingle berries, you bitch, eat it like a shit eating dog."

  "Feel that, Earl, I got you butt hole open. Now, I'm going to eat hot turds
right out of your shit hole. Push one out so I can chew it up and swallow it."

  "You are a shit pig, Arlene. Only a turd sucking bitch dog like you would put
your tongue up my ass to suck the shit out."

  As you can tell it was a conversation intended to endear us to one another.
Actually I had grown fond of Earl in a certain way. He was a tattooed, pussy
loving pig who liked his sex hot and nasty. I could relate to that.

  Earl was grunting and trying to produce a warm one for me to eat but all he
managed to come up with was a fart that practically stained my face brown. Earl
was a big guy and there was enough swamp gas in his gut to cook a full meal for
a family of five. I inhaled deeply drawing the brown cloud into my lungs. I was
fingering my clit with one hand, stroking Earl's hardening cock with one hand
and sucking and blowing air in and out of his open asshole with my mouth. I was
more than ready for penetration by his metal adorned cock. I climbed aboard for
a second cowgirl fuck.

  This one lasted a while. I contracted my cunt walls as I rode that piece of
studded man meat to one hell of a climax. It was an eyes roll back in your head
while you feel the planet shake climax that caused me to lose bladder control
and piss all over Earl's belly and cock. He loved the part when I sprayed girl
pee all over him.

  "You are one wild fuck, Arlene, how old were you when you lost your cherry?"
asked Earl afterwards as we relaxed and shared a joint.

  "Fourteen."

  "Who did the honors?"

  "My brother."

  "Damn, that'll be something you and my sister, Sheena, have in common. I
busted hers when she was twelve. She was so small and tight I like to never have
gotten it inside her. I had to tie her down to keep her still."

  "Must have hurt."

  "My little pecker wasn't that big.  I was only thirteen but Daddy climbed on
as soon as I got off and that made her squeal. He knocked her up too but she
lost the baby."

  "What are the four of us going to do this weekend?" I was curious.

  "Smoke some dope, some BDS&M if Troy and Sheena are in the mood, Troy and I
like to watch girls getting nasty. You like pussy?"

  "Sure, I like to eat pussy." My experience was limited to Aunt Carol and Myrna
but I was ready for more. I rationalized that engaging in bisexuality was
another step in getting ready to work undercover with the Pagans and Amazons.

  "Well, you should have a good time then."

  Friday night came. Earl and I didn't have sex at his place of business. He
touched up my back, nothing major. He said he wanted to save it for when the
four of us were together. He talked about his plans as he worked on my back.

  "Sheena and Troy want to start with BDSM, you know what that is?"

  "Bondage, Discipline, Sadism, Masochism," I replied, "But BDSM is a lot of
different things, what do they do in particular?"

  "Shit, I always wondered what BDSM stood for. I thought it was just a fancy
word for hurting people then having sex with them."

  "So what do Sheena and Troy like to do?"

  "He ties her up, whips her and makes her yell. Hurts her tits and pussy. She
loves that."

  "So what do we do?"

  "Troy wants you to help him hurt Sheena. I like a little pain myself. You and
he can work on my sister and me. Of course, we'll do a lot of straight fucking
too."

  It turned out that Earl lived in a restored Victorian right outside
Manchester. The place was fully decorated with antique New England furniture. It
looked too nice and too fragile for the likes of Earl but I was wrong. He showed
me through the place describing certain pieces he was especially proud of. He
could tell you the maker, the date of manufacturer and why the piece was
considered valuable. I wasn't sure how antique collecting and inking were
related but Earl could handle both. After the house tour, Earl announced that we
were going into the basement.

  "Troy and Sheena are already down there. I hope we haven't missed much," said
Earl leading the way down the basement stairs. When I reached the bottom of the
stairs, I paused to take everything in. Earl had created a reasonable facsimile
of a dungeon. It was a full basement with a laundry room in one corner. There
was a workshop in another corner that appeared to be equipped for restoring
antiques. But fully half of the basement was outfitted as an S&M dungeon. There
were various furnishings like a whipping bench similar to one that belonged to a
guy I used to date, a wall containing whips and other pain related instruments.
There were overhead hooks and metal racks to suspend the slaves for punishment
powered by an electric hoist. There was also an area that was tiled like you
would find in a bathroom. I got turned on the minute I took a look at Earl's
dungeon. It was my first comprehensive BDSM experience and I was both excited
and a little scared about participating.

  Seated on a bench was a man dressed up in a leather outfit that unmistakably
signified he was a dominant master. Kneeling beside him was a petite little
brunette who was naked as the day she was born except for a dog collar.

  "Sheena and Roy, meet Arlene," said Earl starting to undress.

  "Nice to meet you Arlene, are you submissive or dominant?" asked Troy.

  "I'm not sure, I suppose dominant," was all I could reply. The question had
never come up before. But I did know I liked to give pain more than receive it.

  "Have you ever been spanked or spanked someone?"

  "Both. I dated a guy who liked me to spank him before we screwed. He liked to
be whipped too. I'd also had my fanny whacked a few times during intercourse."

  "Which one made your pussy wet?"

  "I suppose doing the spanking. The redder his butt, the more I wanted to smack
it."

  "A dominatrix, I figured that one right," announced Earl.

  "This is going to be fun. Sheena here is submissive, aren't you, you little
slut?"

  "Yes, Master Roy," replied the kneeling Sheena who never looked up as she
spoke.

  "And old Earl here is as submissive as they come and a first class pain pig,"
announced Troy.

  "All right, if you say so. I've never really done any S&M, But I'm ready to
give it a whirl," I replied.

  "Good, this is going to be a very educational weekend. We'll test your limits
in ways that you never imagined. Go over to the rack and pick out a dominatrix
outfit. I'll get our slaves ready for training." Troy gestured toward a nearby
pipe rack containing leather fetish wear.

  I was having second thoughts about the weekend. I wasn't sure I wanted to
participate in the BDSM scene. Actually, I'd never really thought much about
S&M. I know there are people who live the lifestyle 24/7 but I'd never had any
first hand contact with them. However, I agreed to spend the weekend to pay for
my tattoo and there was no way I could give it back. Besides, S&M was only to be
a part of the weekend. I planned to get all of Earl's pierced cock I could
handle.

  I found a one-piece leather garment that fit. It was cut high on the thighs.
My butt cheeks were exposed and my boobs poked out the top. Three snaps closed
the crotch. I stripped down and put the unitard on. There was a pair of
ridiculously high-heeled leather boots that as luck would have it were in my
size. I disappeared a minute into the dungeon's bathroom to tease my hair out. I
added a leather bracelet as an accessory. When I looked in the mirror, I
remarked, "you are one scary bitch."

  "We'll start by cleaning these slaves out," said Troy. In my absence, Earl had
stripped naked and was kneeling on the floor beside Sheena. They looked kind of
odd. Earl was big, tattooed head to foot, and maybe one hundred pounds
overweight. Sheena had a sweet little girl face and skinny body.  There was a
slight family resemblance but not much. I guessed Sheena weighed in total about
the same, as Earl was overweight.

  We lead our slaves over to a part of the dungeon that had the tile floor and a
depressed floor drain. There were two low-to-the-ground benches for the slaves.
Both had obviously been there before because they knelt down on all fours on the
benches with their ass in the air and their heads down. There was a metal rack
hanging from the ceiling. Troy cuffed their hands and feet to the benches.
Everything had been designed with considerable forethought. There were rings on
the bench legs to manacle the slaves arms and legs.

  "Ever give an enema before, Mistress Arlene?" asked Troy.

  "No, Master Troy," was all I could manage to reply. I was smart enough to
understand that a lot of S&M has to do with role-playing. Just act the part and
you're half way there.

  "Well, just follow me. You can do Earl first then we switch," said Troy as he
handed me a large rubber douche bag.

  "Hospital grade, three quart bag," said Troy. He was definitely into passing
on his encyclopedic knowledge.

   I followed him over to a laundry sink. He played with the taps until he got
the water adjusted then he filled the enema bag. He indicated that I should fill
mine. As I did, I realized how hot the water was. It felt scalding. When my bag
was full, Troy made me hold it while he squirted something out of a squeeze
bottle into the enema bag.

  "Castile soap, it'll irritates the bowel and makes them desperate to shit
their brains out, shake it up to mix it," said Troy informatively.

  As instructed, I hung the full bag on the rack over Earl's upturned butt. Troy
then appeared with two identical strange looking devices. It had two black
squeeze bulbs that looked like those my doctor used to take my blood pressure.
There was even these little buttons for releasing the air. There were also two
odd-looking wrinkled rubber pouches one of which was pointed on the end. They
were called expanders. I listened intently to Troy's instructions.

  "This is a double Bartholin rectal retention plug. First you attach this
anodized aluminum nozzle to the end of the tubing like so. Then you apply K-Y to
Earl's butt hole," said Troy as he squeezed some K-Y jelly onto my fingers that
I promptly applied to Earl's anus. I like the way it feels to slip your fingers
inside a man's rectum. Their anal ring grips you so strongly. I used my fingers
to lubricate and loosen him up.

  "Now lubricate the nozzle and slide that sucker in as far as you can get it."

  Earl was taking deep breaths as I pushed this one-inch thick and four inches
long nozzle completely inside his rectum.

  "Now, lubricate the expander with the pointed end and slide that into his old
A-hole. Make sure the other expander's tight up against his butt."

  I managed to complete my assignment to Troy's satisfaction.

  "Now, let's pump him up," said Troy squeezing one black bulb while he gave me
the other to pump. Earl started breathing louder and moaned a couple of times.
Troy checked the connections once again then I helped him prep Sheena. Little
Sheena was taking deep breaths and letting out little mewling sounds that
reminded me of a kitten in pain.

  "Tighter than a frog's butt," was Troy's comment when we were done with
Sheena.

  The next and final step was to attach the tubing from the bag to the tube
hanging out Earl's ass.

  "Push the flow meter to one quarter," directed Troy. I responded by turning
the plastic wheel to the one-quarter mark. Nothing happened for a moment other
than I heard the sound of water gurgling. Earl started moaning and Sheena began
to whine that it hurt.

  "Castile soap really does the trick, you start cramping right away," commented
Troy, "Move the flow control to half."

  Going to half produced an almost immediate reaction from our two submissives.
They began to moan and whine louder. They both started rubbing their belly
against the bench.

  "You never had an enema?" asked Troy making conversation as he walked over and
felt my tits.

  "Not that I can recall."

  "Some people say they'll keep you healthy, clean out the bad stuff stuck in
your intestines. Lot of health nuts claim they're a secret to long life. I read
once where they say that a mature adult has a pound and a half of undigested
beef in his intestines that won't come out unless you take a high colonic.
That's a medical enema. Of course, the kind we're giving hurts like hell."

  I could see and hear evidence of that. As the three quarts emptied into their
intestines, they began to moan loudly. Sheena made more of a whimper.  I could
see her tightening and untightening her tiny fists. Her belly was swollen and
you could see a film of sweat on her back and legs. The surprising thing was
that tiny little Sheena was taking three quarts just like Earl. Maybe it was a
women's rights issue.

  "Unsnap your crotch and let's allow them to service their masters," said Troy
as he opened a leather flap covering his cock. I was in heaven. Troy had a
double Prince Albert. I had to restrain myself from flopping on my back and
begging him for a fuck.

  I unsnapped my crotch and presented my pussy to Earl. In spite of the
considerable pain from having three quarts of hot soapy water in his guts, he
managed to begin slowly licking my clit. If I listened closely I could hear
Earl's intestines rumble. He was dripping sweat.

  "Let's switch," announced Troy coming over to stick his cock in Earl's mouth.
I hadn't figured a rough tattooed biker type like Earl for bisexuality but I was
wrong. Earl took Troy's cock in his mouth and sucked on it like it was something
he did every other day.

  "We make them hold it for ten minutes," announced Troy eyeing the business
style clock on the wall. I imagine that ten minutes is a lifetime when there's
three quarts of hot water laced with Castile soap sloshing around in your
bowels. Both Earl and Sheena were dripping sweat and groaning.

  After a while, Troy and I started making out while Earl and Sheena sweated in
agony. He was sucking my tongue, playing with my tits, and fingering my pussy.
He looked over at the clock and noted that ten minutes had passed.

  "Lick my fingers clean, you little slut," said Troy presenting his fingers
coated with my pussy juice to his wife. She carefully licked away. We allowed
them to get up and walk over to the floor drain. When we pushed the silver
buttons releasing the expander, they literally blew the apparatus out of their
assholes like it was jet propelled. Both of them squatted in the floor and shit
themselves empty. I guess that was the humiliation part. We made the two of them
perform oral sex on us while their assholes squirted the contents of their
bowels into the drain. God did it smell bad.

  Troy filled up the enema bags and we repeated the process three times. While
we let the enema torture their insides, Troy and I made out to where I was hot
enough to climax from his fingering my clit. While we were waiting the
obligatory ten minutes for the fourth and last enema he used a dildo on me and I
climaxed like a woman who was desperate to cum.

  "You sure needed that one Arlene. I think you can get off hurting people,"
opinioned Troy.

  Giving four enemas took over an hour. By the time, we were done, the enema
water looked clear enough to drink, as it existed their butt holes. 

  We hosed them down and let them use a towel to dry off. Troy manacled Sheena
to an X-shaped cross and Earl to a kneeling bench that pushed his butt into the
air. He fitted a rubber ball gag in their mouth that buckled behind their head.

  "Let's start with paddling their butts," said Troy offering me a leather
paddle that had a two-foot handle and a set of metal studs embedded in the
business end.

  "Make them sing," said Troy as he landed a good hard swat on Earl's butt. I
did the same for Sheena. I followed Troy in picking up the energy level until I
was swinging for the fence. Sheena and Earl were sounding out muffled cries of
pain each time a blow landed. You could see their skin compress when the paddle
landed. I discovered something about myself that night. I enjoyed causing pain.
My pussy was absolutely dripping by the time Troy called a halt to the paddling
and exchanged my paddle for a multi-stranded whip he called a flogger.

  Now the paddle hurt like hell but the flogger was on a different level when it
came to pain. Their loud grunts and yelps turned to shrieks and screams when the
flogger landed on their backsides. It was scream time in the basement dungeon.
Earl, who I thought was a tough nut, was begging me to stop after the tenth or
so blow by the flogger. We didn't flog them long. Troy started using poppers to
keep our slaves alert and sensitive to the pain.

  After the flogging, we let them take a break. I sucked Troy's cock during the
intermission. He had a nice cock. It seemed awfully large for a diminutive girl
like Sheena but I guess she had learned to take it. He deposited a warm load in
my mouth and I shared it with Sheena and Earl. Sheena greedily sucked her
husband's jism out of my mouth. Earl took what was left.

  Troy announced it was time to work on the sub's front side. We manacled them
to dungeon wall in a spread eagle position that barely allowed their feet to
touch the ground. Troy applied some vicious looking clamps to Sheena's nipples.
He sucked her buds and teased them out long then looked straight into her eyes
as he let each clamp snap shut on her flesh. Sheena let out a long hiss of air
as the sharp tiny teeth of the alligator clamps bit into her areola. Troy
attached several fishing weights to each clamp. My God that looked painful.
There were drops of blood along the edges of each clamp.

  For Earl's tit torture, he used a different approach. He started off by using
a candle to heat up two glass suction cups. He used these to create a suction
that drew into the glass bowl a fist size portion of Earl's fat man titties.
Once he had Earl's nipples extended a couple of inches into the glass tube, he
quickly released the pressure, removed the glass bulb and slapped on a clamp
that looked like it came from a pair of cables you use to jump start a car. Earl
let out a lusty scream as clamp number one was applied and a second louder one
when the second one bite down into his vacuumed created super nipples.

  "Suck her clit," directed Master Troy and I fell to work on Sheena's little
love button. I applied a lot of suction and got it nicely extended. Troy grabbed
it as soon as I pulled my mouth off it. He pulled it out like he was going to
rip it off and let a larger alligator clip surround it right at the base. Sheena
screamed in pain.

  "Go ahead and scream bitch," spoke a delighted Troy, "I love to make the
little slut holler"

  "Suck his cock till its hard," was my next command. I used a combination of my
excellent tongue work and a finger in the ass to get Earl hard. After Earl's
cock was fully erect, Master Troy tightened an elastic loop around the base of
his balls. There was no way the blood was going to evacuate Earl's shaft.  Then
Troy decorated Earl's penis with a paper clamp right on the tip. I actually
winced when he did that. I've been around enough pricks to know they are
sensitive. I would think having a paper clamp applied to the tip has got to be
painful to the max.

  "Now, we'll stretch his balls," announced my S&M mentor. He attached a leather
collar around Earl's balls then applied fishing weights until I thought they
were going to rip off. Earl's nuts were stretched down toward the floor. Troy
tied a line to the end of the clamp to pull Earl's peter upward while the collar
pulled his balls downward. Earl was letting out little screams of pain around
the ball gag.

  "You ever put a zipper on?" asked Troy handing me a dozen clothes pins
connected together with a piece of strong twine.

  "No, show me," I replied. I was definitely turned on by what we were doing. I
rubbed my hand over Sheena's tortured tits and flicked the clamps to make them
hurt more. Jesus this was so fucking hot I was ready to cum just watching her
and Earl endure all that hurt.

  I watched as Troy applied the clothespins in a straight line to the loose skin
of Earl's inner thigh. I did the same to Sheena. Next was a zipper to the other
thigh. The third and fourth zippers went on the fleshy skin of the underarms.
Finally we did a pattern on their chests.

  "While they suffer, they can watch us fuck," announced Troy when we were done.
We walked over to a nearby couch and fucked for almost an hour. Troy screwed me
in several different positions and I took full advantage of his double Prince
Albert. He even persuaded me to try in the ass. You could feel those metal balls
moving along the walls of your rectum as he pumped your butt. I climaxed long
and hard when he put his load deep inside my bowels.

 Troy was one of those lucky men who could dump a load and be ready to go again
in ninety seconds. Sometimes, there's nothing better than a good long fuck where
you keep changing positions and the guy keep it hard and you can't get enough of
it.

  When we finally went back to Earl and Sheena, they had definitely suffered.
Without the ball gags, they would have been screaming their heads off. They were
breathing heavily and there was a puddle of sweat under both of them. Earl had
pissed himself.

  "This is how you get a zipper off," said Troy as he took one end of the twine
and jerked a dozen clothespins at once off Earl's thigh. Earl looked distressed
to say the least. He twisted and writhed as blood flooded back into the
capillaries under the now missing clothespins. I pulled one of Sheena and I
thought she was going to pull the wall down she reacted so violently. "Damn,
this is fun," I recalled thinking. We removed the rest of the zippers then the
clamps.

  "How was it?" Troy asked Earl when we were done and Earl was seated beside
Sheena drinking from a clear plastic bottle of some sports drink.

  "Damn fine, I thought I'd go out of my mind," responded Earl.

  "My clit's still burning," added Sheena, "I love it when it hurts like that."

  I guess BDSM is never going to be my thing like it is theirs. I'm definitely
more into giving pain than getting it. If my husband had done to me what Troy
had done to Sheena, I would have either killed him or divorced him, probably
both. But she and Earl were pleased.  We spent the rest of the night engaged in
more normal sex. I remember eating Sheena's pussy while the two guys filled my
ass and pussy.

  "Pass the K-Y," seemed to be the operative term of the evening. Towards
midnight we were all exhausted and the four of us cuddled up in an antique bed
and went to sleep.

  We spent the rest of the weekend engaged in regular sex. If you can call
regular, a group grope of four people practicing every sexual position with each
other they can imagine. Sheena and I hit it off sexually. We ate each other out
while Earl and Troy watched then joined in. Things got nasty. I remember Troy
kept pulling his cock out of Sheena's ass for me to suck. We did some water
sports and I swallowed enough piss to give you that full rounded feeling. 

  Saturday afternoon, the guys made us dress up in very short skirts with no
panties and tank tops without bras. We drove to the regional mall. I wasn't sure
what Earl and Troy had in mind until they bought us lunch in the food court.

  "Flashing time, see that family at the table directly in front of you." Earl
spoke to me in a low voice that only we four could hear. I looked over to see a
nuclear family of mother, father, and teenage son and daughter. They were
placing the content of their trays on the table preparing to sit down.

  "Show the daddy your puss," said Earl.

  I was just crazy enough to open my legs in a way that permitted my cunt to be
viewed. I pretended not to be paying attention to anything but eating my lunch
and talking with everyone as I let Daddy "shoot my squirrel" as the boys used to
say at East Manchester HS. I was wearing dark glasses that allowed me to
occasionally glance in Daddy's direction. The son had a good view of my snatch
and he was trying not to be too obvious as he took furtive glances in my
direction. I found myself getting turned on by the experience. In a few short
weeks, I'd gone from someone who was rather modest to a girl who could get her
glands flowing by letting total strangers view her gash. Once I caught the
Mother taking a good look at me. Surprisingly, it wasn't a look of disapproval
on her face but one of desire. I guess Mom's like to fantasize about pussy
almost as much as guys. Sheena was busily flashing a table in the opposite
direction.

  It turned out that the table that Sheena was exposing her cooze to was two
teen-age couples.  The girls took offense at what Sheena was doing because when
Sheena and I decided to visit the Ladies Room, they followed us.

  "I don't like it when some whore shows my boyfriend her diseased cunt," said
the taller of the girls as soon as the four of us were in the head. The two
looked like the kind that didn't mind a fight. I'd done my share of girl fights
at East Manchester HS. In fact I beat the shit out of Connie Trabert after she
caught me fucking her boyfriend at a party and decided to make an issue of it.
I'd spent my time at Bruce McCrory's School of Martial Arts and considered
myself fully capable in the manly arts of self-defense. The problem was that
Sheena was one hundred pounds soaking wet and both these girls were my size. In
fact, the one doing the talking looked to be a little bit larger than me. I was
considering trying to talk our way out of it when Sheena spoke up.

  "Eat shit, bitch," said diminutive little Sheena thereby resolving the issue
of whether matters were going to become physical.

  The taller girl rushed forward and the fight began. I was worried that
Sheena's opponent would quickly put her out of action leaving me to deal with
the two of them. I saw a good beating in my immediate future.

  I was grappling with mine when all of a sudden a foot came up between her legs
from behind. The blow landed with a pleasing smack on her pussy causing her to
immediately grab her sex in pain. Her face had that look a woman gets when her
clit has been dealt a serious and agonizing blow. That provided me the
opportunity to land a vicious punch on her mouth that not only snapped her face
to the side but also had the pleasing effect of sending two of her molars
scooting across the tile floor leaving a thin trail of blood.  I glanced over to
see that Sheena's opponent was down for the count not moving. At that moment,
little Sheena spun through 360 degrees as she leaped four feet off the ground
and landed her foot on the other side of the girl's face. More teeth escaped
their sockets and the girl crumpled to the floor landing face first on her nose.
There was a loud crack as her proboscis impacted the tile floor. This was
followed by a flow of that thick red blood that having your nose busted seems to
produce.

  I was ready to declare victory and exit the Ladies Room but Sheena had other
plans.

  "Let's strip them," said Sheena grabbing one of the girl's sneakers and
twisting it off. I followed Sheena's lead. It takes some tugging and pulling to
undress a comatose female who is lying on the floor, especially when their jeans
are so tight they're like a second skin. Sheena and I were both sweating by the
time the two were naked and bleeding. Once again I figured we were done and
prepared to leave but Sheena had other ideas.

  "Must be something else we can do," said Sheena. I wasn't quite sure that
something else was necessary. Both girls were knocked out and in need of some
expensive dental work not to mention a nose splint plus they were stark naked in
the Ladies Room at a mall. I thought Sheena and I were way past even.

  She walked over to a gray metal door labeled 'Janitor's Closet' and attempted
to open it. It was locked and I thought that was it; but then Sheena whips a
small leather wallet out of her back pocket and starts to pick the lock.

  "Did Earl tell you our daddy was a locksmith?" asked Sheena as she quickly
opened the door and tuned on the light.

  "No, he didn't mention it," I replied. Earl and I were just fuck buddies. Our
relationship hadn't progressed to the point of asking what each other's parents
did.

  "Help me drag them in here," said Sheena talking the arm of one of our victims
and pulling her toward the closet. I grabbed the other arm. We got both girls
inside the closet.

  "Let's roll them over on their stomachs," said Sheena handing me a roll of
duct tape. That particular closet had a case of the tape in a corner. I'd always
heard that duct tape is the janitor's friend. Imitating Sheena I taped their
hands and feet.  We rolled them over again so they were resting on their arms
that were taped behind their backs. Sheena slapped a strip of tape across a
bloody mouth and I did the same. At this point I figured we were really done but
not Sheena.

  She looked around, spied two large mop buckets in a corner and smiled. These
were those square yellow buckets on four wheels that have "Caution Wet Floor" on
two sides in English and the same in Spanish on the other two sides. You've seen
them. They're all over the place.

  This is going to be so cool," said Sheena as she rolled the buckets to the two
prostrate girls.

  "Ever hear the expression, tit in a wringer," asked Sheena? The buckets were
equipped with a small hand cranked set of two rollers that the janitors used to
squeeze the water out of the mop.  I immediately understood what Sheena
intended. Sheena was not only a very capable fighter she was also very creative.
My respect for her grew by leaps and bounds as I placed the mop bucket on one of
the girl's chest and turned it on its side. I placed her nipples between the
rollers and turned the hand crank.  I would have guessed my girl as a B maybe C
cup.  What slowly appeared on the other side of the rollers was something that
resembled two very large and thin blue berry pancakes. When I had turned the
handle as far as I could, her eyes popped wide open as she came to. Needless to
say, she was extremely unhappy when she realized that her tits were in a mop
wringer and looked liked a pizza. She was trying to scream through her gag and
her heels were rapidly taping against the floor.

  "Need some help," said Sheena who was trying to squeeze the water from a pair
of D cups. It took all our combined strength before we managed to crank those
boobs through that narrow opening. Sheena held the bucket and tits in place
while I used one foot to stand on the crank handle. Slowly the boobs squeezed
through the rubber rollers. Her nipples were as big as silver dollars and just
as flat. Their color was also blue berry. I always wondered if they eventually
resumed their previous shape and color.

  Both girls were awake and flopping around on the floor trying to dislodge
their boobs from what must have been a torture worthy of the Spanish
Inquisition. I turned to leave when once again Sheena spoke up.

  "Let's not forget what we came her to do," said the female Torquemada as she
squatted and straddled the girl's face, pulled her skirt up and let loose a
stream of yellow piss.

  Well we had gone to the Ladies Room to tinkle so I followed suit. I covered my
victim from head to pussy making sure her hair and cunt were saturated.

  We'd been incredibly lucky that no one else had entered the restroom. Sheena
must have been out of torture ideas because this time we really left. She turned
out the light and used her set of picks to relock the door. Sheena put a
"Restroom Closed" sign that she had found in the Janitor's Closet on the
restroom door and we walked away laughing like loons. We dumped their clothes in
a nearby garbage can.

  After we returned from the Ladies Room, the guys decided to let Sheena and I
walk through the mall several steps ahead of them. We'd get in front of a family
and then one of us would accidentally drop her keys or purse then bend over at
the waist to pick it up. The family would get a nice view of our pussy as we
retrieved the item from the floor.

  While I know it sounds stupid, flashing people got me turned on. As soon as we
got back in Earl's Ford Explorer SUV, Sheena, Troy, and myself got in the back
seat and fucked like people possessed. I came the instant Sheena put her hot
little mouth on my clit and she returned the favor when I took her love button
between my lips. We sucked Troy off on the ride back. If you have asked me
beforehand if exhibitionism was a turn on for Arlene Fairchild, I would have
said no. But there was just something about letting total strangers stare at
your cunt in a public place that got me hot as hell. I also enjoyed beating the
shit out of the two girls and the things we did to them. All right, I never said
I was a nice person.

  Sheena and I got together after Saturday night dinner for some girl on girl
loving. Earl and Troy were watching the Bruins game. Hockey is the preferred
sport of the biker world for some reason. I suspect it has to do with the
fights. Sheena shared with me her rather unusual introduction to sex.

  "Did Earl mention that he was my first," asked Sheena?

  "Yes, my brother was my first also," I replied not wanting her to think I
considered her some kind of pervert.

  "I was eleven when Earl popped my cherry. Daddy caught us doing it in my
bedroom."

  "Was he mad?"

  "Only that he didn't get to do me first."

  "So what did he do?"

  "Threw Earl out of the room and hopped on me himself. Daddy used Earl's spunk
as a lubricant to slide right in. He clamped his hand over my mouth to stop me
from screaming and pumped away until he filled me with his sperm that by the way
knocked me up. I lost the baby."

  "Did it hurt?"

  "You better believe it. Daddy had a big pecker that curved like a banana. The
sheets were soaked in blood when he finished. He made me wash them right way so
they wouldn't stain."

  "Wow, that sounds rough. Did your Momma know what he did?"

  "Not right then but she did later when Daddy insisted I start to sleep with
him and Momma."

  "You slept in the same bed as your parents?"

  "Oh yes, he'd make Momma watch while he screwed me. He liked for her to play
with my nipples or lick his asshole while he was inside me. I had to do her too
when he decided to fuck her which wasn't that often after he started with me."

  "How about Earl? Where did he sleep?"

  "In his room, of course, if he wanted me to fuck him, I did it. Momma started
giving him a little too. I think that was because she was pissed that Daddy was
screwing me more than her. Don't mention to Earl that I told you that. He's
sensitive about being a mother fucker."

  "So it became sort of a family thing?"

  "Yes, Daddy even let his brother, Uncle Bill, screw me when he visited. Uncle
Bill was a bachelor. He was in the army and spent his leave with us. The four of
us, Daddy, Momma, Uncle Bill, and me would get in bed and fuck for hours."

  "Do you still see your Mother and Father?" I thought to myself that we all
have our happy childhood memories. I guess Sheena's are just a little more
advanced than average.

  "Momma disappeared about ten years ago. We came home and she was gone. I think
she moved back to Canada. Her people were from somewhere near Montreal. Daddy
died of a heart attack when I was in college."

  "That's too bad. Where did you meet Troy?"

  "Law school in Boston. We both graduated from Suffolk. We have a small
practice in Concord, mostly pushing paper for real estate transfers. It's boring
but it pays the mortgage."

  "You and Troy seem to get along."

   "We're sexually compatible if that's what you mean. About once a month, we
try to get together with Earl for a family thing.  We also belong to a
wife-swapping club in Concord that meets monthly. It keeps life interesting.
Can't just keep screwing the same old cock day after day. Who do you like to
fuck?"

  "I guess I'm still searching for the right one. There's no one special in my
life."

  "If Concord Lifestyles wasn't a couples only club I'd invite you some time.
Maybe you and Earl could come as our guests."

  "That would be nice. What's a typical meeting like?" I wondered if Sheena was
trying to make Earl and I a couple.

  "It's all couples except we invite six single men as extras. A good swap club
always has more men than women. The women get to pick the single men. We
interview them in private. We judge them for looks, stamina, cock size, and
their skill in giving head. One of them, Mark, is the best fuck I've ever had.
He had ten inches that stays hard and an educated tongue. I've had a private
session with him and he leaves you positively cock whipped. You can barely
walk."

  "He sounds wonderful."

  "Of course, I like girls an awfully lot. Want to eat some pussy?"

  "Yes, I'm ready."

  I dove right into her shaved little pussy and she into mine. When I think back
on it, I should have connected up with Earl and forgotten about the Pagans and
being a big shot reporter. I could be up in Concord riding Mark's ten-inch dick
once a month and enjoying life rather than servicing Brazilian gold miners for
ten Reals a pop. 

  Sunday afternoon, I left Earl's house having paid fully for some marvelous
tattoos.




Chapter 26 - Arlene Part 5



I Finally Meet The Pagans



Please take note! Adults Only Literature

The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written for
adults only.

If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing this
file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
now.

This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
is purely coincidental, etc.

Email HarryBerg01@aol.com with your comments.

Copyright 2003

                                                                ****

  It was right after dusk Friday night when I slowed down and eased my newly
leased Harley into the parking lot of 'The Side Car'. It was a Pagan hangout on
Route 236 located outside the town of Plaistow, NH, a couple of miles north of
the New Hampshire and Massachusetts state line. It was the place where my Aunt
Carol had first met Charlie LeBeau twelve years ago. My aunt could get wistful
when she recalled her days with Charlie.

  "He was French Canadian and loved to eat pussy. Charlie had a magic tongue."

  I had driven by last Saturday to confirm that it was still there.   There must
have been fifty Harley bikes parked out front. My Aunt cautioned me to take it
slow and give the Pagans time to get used to me. She also suggested that I try
to pair up with a leader as opposed to accepting the first Pagan that offers me
a beer.

  "Arlene, first time, go in and buy yourself a beer, let them look you over,
don't approach them, they'll come to you. They have a sixth sense about people
who try to fool them. Act like you got all the time in the world, be nonchalant,
give them the impression you could give a shit less if they ignore you,"

  "Suppose they do ignore me," I asked. After all I had been tattooed, publicly
gang fucked, engaged in heavy BDSM, and eaten pussy all in preparation for
meeting the Pagans. Being ignored was not an option. I had too much invested.

  "Then come back on Saturday for another beer. Don't worry, you're pretty, much
prettier than most of the Pagan girls. They'll be checking you out."

  "What do I say when they ask me why I like the Pagans?"

  "They won't ask that for a while. When they do. Tell them being a Customer
Service Rep is the most boring job in creation. Tell them you crave some
excitement and that you're sick to death of meeting dickless wimps in fern bars.
Pagans think anybody who's not a biker is a cowardly wimp who'd love to be a
Pagan if he only had the balls."

  I guided my Harley to an empty place along the rail, cut the engine, and
methodically removed my helmet and gloves and stowed them in the saddlebags.

  "Never worry about theft. Pagans don't steal at least from one another and the
rest of the world's too chicken shit to steal from the Pagans," advised Aunt
Carol.

 "Be cool, no rush," I told myself but my heart was beating ninety miles a
minute. My adrenaline was flowing as I climbed the steps and entered the
building.

  I had on a pair of jeans because it was night and cool. I wore a leather vest
under my heavy jacket.  The butterfly tats Earl provided me showed just enough
to make it interesting.

  I took a deep breath, thought to myself "here goes nothing," and stepped
inside. Luckily, there were several unoccupied stools at the bar. I walked
slowly toward the bar and sat down. I ordered a Budweiser. This was definitely
not a fancy imported beer crowd. After a couple of swallows, I felt confident
enough to swivel around and survey the room. It was what I expected. Four pool
tables off to one side. There was an area for darts. Booths lined two walls. The
bar occupied another. There were tables in the center of the room. A small dance
floor finished off the place. It was definitely downscale. This was no trendy
Boston or Manchester restaurant or club where yuppies hung out. It looked well
used. The bartenders were Pagans. I later learned some Pagans owned The Side
Car. In all the times I was there I never saw anyone there who either wasn't a
Pagan or trying to become one.

  Country and Western music was playing from somewhere. I could feel eyes on me
but for once I exercised some self-discipline and kept my cool. I had just
finished one beer and order another when I felt a hand on my shoulder. I had
almost decided that no one was going to approach me and that I was going to have
to come back another night.

  "Put hers on my tab," said a man's deep voice right behind me.

  When I turned around to say thank you there was this Pagan standing there who
would have been a GQ male model. He was drop dead handsome except for a long
jagged scar that went from his ear, across his cheek and only ended at the
corner of his mouth. Surprised, I stared directly at the white line bisecting
his deeply tanned face, "So much for being cool. Arlene."

  "Knife fight," was all he said.

  "Sorry, thanks for the beer." I had to force myself to stop staring.

   "You into scars?"

   "Yea, does the guy who did that have one too?"

   "We could go dig him up and see."

  That way cool exchange was my introduction to Kurt Lambert, the leader of the
local New Hampshire branch of the Pagans Motorcycle Club. Kurt was thirty
something, 6'4" of muscle who spent enough time in the gym to maintain a 4.5%
percent body fat ratio. Kurt was also a bipolar psychopath who was descended
from a long line of anti-social males. If you could use genetic engineering to
create the perfect anti-society, amoral, sociopath who had absolutely no
conscience the result would have been Kurt. He killed with the same insouciance
that others brushed their teeth.

  Other than the scar, he was good looking enough to make any girl cream in her
jeans. For me, the scar added to the attraction. Later I got to run my tongue up
and down the path as my cunt produced enough lubricant for a hundred fucks. 
Kurt was used to having an effect on women, especially those attracted to
Pagans. The Pagans had a saying I came to regard as true.

  "Not many girls are attracted to the Pagans but those that are, are hardcore."
If a female was attracted to the Pagans then she was bound to be the type who at
a moment's notice could kick off her pants, lie down and spread her legs and
take on all comers. Being picky was not compatible with Pagan life.

  After Kurt got a girl to push her jeans down to her knees, he had a solid
nine-inch cock that could stay hard until her cunt was raw and bleeding. Kurt
was a totally awesome fuck and to this day, I can still get wet remembering what
it felt like to ride his pole. He had a certain male chemistry that made me so
eager to please him it was amazing. I did whatever he wanted and he didn't have
to ask twice.

  Kurt was callow, cruel, easily angered, vicious, and loved to cause pain
especially during intercourse.  Did I mention that he was a big time drug dealer
and a serious user of chemicals such as crystal meth? He surprised me at times
in that he saw no conflict between his rigorous gym training and health food
diet and his consumption of large quantities of drugs on the DEA's Class A list.

  If a girl wanted attention, conversation, or concern for her feelings, Kurt
was not the man to give it to her. But if she wanted to be fucked silly, treated
like a cheap whore, and fed all kind of drugs, then Kurt was ideal.

  One more interesting fact in the Kurt Lambert biography was that he was the
Pagan's enforcer for all New England. If you crossed the club, interfered with
their business interests or did anything to annoy them, then Kurt showed up to
straighten you out.  Mild infractions resulted in a beating that normally
required a one-month stay in the hospital followed by several months of physical
therapy. Kurt handled serious infractions by torture, castration, and death in
that order. Kurt always carried one of those military style K-bar knives to as
he called it 'denut the bastard'.

  Kurt's MO was to first cut them off then make you swallow them. Supposedly the
authorities knew Kurt was the perp when the medical examiner found the
deceased's nuts in his stomach.

  Kurt had a younger brother everyone called "Serge". Serge was a slightly
milder version of Kurt. By that I mean he seemed more normal than his brother.
Hell, Charles Manson would have seemed more normal than Kurt.

  Of course, I write this from hindsight. When I turned around on that bar stool
that first night, I was infatuated, truly blown away. I had mentally prepared
myself to pair up with some smelly, gap toothed biker with greasy hair, pot gut,
bad breath, and a metal rod embedded in his leg from his last bike wreck. But
here was his good-looking dude, perfect except for the scar, (Wrong, the scar
made him more perfect.) that any girl would have been willing to spread her legs
for. At that moment, I though Kurt was way cool.

  "You look like you are on a mission?" said Kurt. One thing else I will give to
Kurt. He was as clever and cunning as they come. I don't mean he could name all
the state capitals but he could read people. He could spot a lie in an instant.
He was also good at knowing what motivated people and what would make them agree
to do what he wanted. He sure took me for a long and eventful ride.

  "Sex and the City is a rerun so I decided to take a ride." I thought that was
a cool reply.

  "And you just stopped here?"

  "They have a sign out front that says they sell beer. I was thirsty."

  "Want to join us?"

  "Who are us?"

  "My brother Serge and his girl, Kristy, over there." Kurt pointed toward a
booth along the far wall. There was a guy there and a skinny young girl.

  "What's your name?" I didn't want to seem to eager.

  "Kurt."

  "I'm Arlene."

  "Nice to meet you Arlene." That was probably one of the few polite things Kurt
ever said to me.

  "Sure, why not." At that point, the die was cast as the Romans say. I followed
Kurt over to the booth and sat down between he and Serge. Kurt introduced me to
Serge and Kristy. Kristy looked and was young. Sometime during that evening, I
learned she was a sophomore in high school that meant she was fifteen or sixteen
at most. At times, I found myself amazed that young girls from nice middle class
homes would take up with the Pagans. For Kristy, Serge was probably one of those
teenage rebellion things. Nothing would piss mom and dad more than to ride with
a criminal motorcycle gang, fuck anyone who asks and consume large quantities of
dangerous drugs. During my short time with the Pagans, I met a lot of "Kristys".
They all got more than they bargained for.

   Kristy looked totally stupefied. She had the ultra thin look of a model. She
was pale as death and about as alert as a paperweight. She barely raised her
head when I arrived.

  "Crank?" asked Kurt pushing a small packet of white powder my way. Other than
smoking a ton of pot and occasionally taking a hit of "E" when I was in club, I
wasn't much into the drug scene. I did know that Crank was one of the half a
dozen street names for methamphetamine. The paper had done several articles on
drugs and I'd done the research for the lazy ass feature writer who got full
credit for the story. Crank was also known as tweak, go-fast, and just plain
crystal. Aunt Carol had mentioned drugs were common among the Pagans but I had
figured I wouldn't need to get involved with them. As usual, I was wrong.

  "Sure," I responded as I picked up the packet. My immediate problem was that I
couldn't recall how I was supposed to get the white powder inside my body. Was I
supposed to swallow it, dilute in my beer, snort it up my nose, or find a
syringe and inject it into my vein? Fortunately, Kristy came to my rescue.

  "I want some," murmured Kristy apparently waking up to the possibility of more
drugs.

  "She's had enough," spoke Kurt.

  "I've only had one. I need more," replied Kristy in a spaced out druggy voice.
I should mention that Serge had supervised Kristy's transformation into a heroin
addict. Serge thought it was cool to meet very young girls, get them hooked, and
sell them to a pimp. The entrepreneurial spirit was not lacking among the
Pagans.

  "You've had enough," said Kurt.

  "Serge, make him give me another hit. I'll suck you off, baby, right now,"
said our little sophomore reaching down between Serge's legs. Who said drugs
cause you to loose your moral compass.

  "Come on, I could use a blowjob, give her one more, Kurt," asked Serge basing
his decision on the fact that Kristy had his dick in her hand.

  In a rare moment of brotherly love, Kurt slid another packet across the table
toward Kristy. She opened it and poured the powder on to her tongue. Well, at
least I knew what to do. I carefully followed suit. I was aware that Kurt was
watching me closely.

  The Pagans manufacture crank in secret laboratories around New England. I
never learned where any of them were located. From my newspaper research, I knew
that a crank laboratory was not a bright, clean 40,000 sq. ft. plant but a
trailer or a farmhouse with a very busy kitchen. Crank is a form of speed that
makes you believe you have a mountain of energy and can go and go until you
drop. The problem is that you can drop awfully far when you run out of it, crank
that is. I certainly felt a strong surge after I dropped that powder on my
tongue and swallowed it.

  "Time to suck some cock, Kristy," said Serge as he put his hand on the back of
Kristy's neck and started to push her under the table.

  "Here?" asked Kristy momentarily looking a little embarrassed at the idea of
going under the table in a public place. I wondered if Kristy thought Serge was
going to take her to the honeymoon suite at the Boston Marriott and let her do
him there.

  "Here and now, get to it, bitch," said Serge placing his hand on the back of
Kristy's head and shoving her downward.

  "All right," said Kristy climbing under the table. The girl was so zonked she
would have done it on top of the bar.

  Over the course of the next few months, I was to witness hand jobs, blowjobs,
and multiple forms of vaginal and anal intercourse at The Side Car plus a gang
bang or two. I could hear Kristy start to suck Serge's cock under the table.
Kurt must have decided he wanted a piece too because he pulled me closer and
slipped a hand inside my vest cupping my breast. We kissed trading tongues. I
was starting to get sufficiently worked up to go under the table myself.

  I would probably have wound up downstairs with Kristy except at that moment
she chose to puke her guts out all over Serge's lap. The vile smell of fresh
vomit filled the air. Kurt and I jumped up to avoid being splattered.

  You could hear Kristy heaving under the table like a woman with a bad case of
food poisoning. While you couldn't see her, you got the impression that she had
emptied her stomach's contents and was now engaged in a noisy round of dry
heaves.

  "Stupid cunt, I told you to get rid of her," snapped Kurt to his brother.

  "You're right, this is it, I've fucking had it, I'll sell her to Geraldo,"
replied Serge who was busily pulling napkins out of the dispenser to wipe the
puke off his cock.

  The rest of the room was looking at our booth and laughing. Being laughed at
was not exactly something Kurt was used to. Kurt spoke to a nearby Pagan who was
apparently much amused by the sound of a fifteen-year-old girl with a bad case
of dry heaves.

  "What the fuck you looking at?" demanded Kurt.

  "Nothing, Kristy going to be all right?"

  "Like you give a shit, mind your own fucking business."

  "Sure, Kurt, just joking around," said the Pagan sitting back down.

  The laughter subsided quickly when everyone realized Kurt was pissed. I
remember thinking to myself, "Now there's a real man." Brother, was the crank
clouding my mind.

  "Let's get out of here," said Kurt to me.

  "Where to?" I asked. I later learned never to ask.

  "This place I know," was his highly informative response.

  "Serge, Geraldo tonight, I don't want to see that puking bitch again," said
Kurt to his brother right before we left. Let's face it. Spaced out teenage drug
addicts are not a lot of fun. They wear on you and its better to get rid of them
before they become a bore. That was something I learned from the Pagans.

  I later discovered that Geraldo was a Hispanic pimp who had a string of
prostitutes that worked the streets of downtown Boston. Geraldo maintained his
control over his girls by the liberal application of a pimp stick. I never saw
Kristy again. I imagine she wound up on a corner in Southie wearing a tiny
little skirt that barely covered her ass and soliciting Johns as they drove by.
The going rate was probably $20 for a blowjob and $50 for a fuck. Actually, she
ended up better than me when I think about it.

  I followed Kurt out of The Side Car. We mounted up and rode off. I thought he
was taking me to his place to fuck me. While he eventually did just that, it
wasn't our first stop. I followed him for about an hour. The Crank was working
on me. I kept wishing Kurt would stop somewhere and fuck me up against one of
those trees that kept appearing in the headlights of my bike. We traveled way
out in the woods. Finally I saw him hit the brakes and turn off onto an unpaved
road that went back into the forest. We drove a mile before we came to a large
Quonset hut. The place was half as big as a football field. There were a large
number of bikes, cars, and pickup trucks parked in a gravel lot. I noticed that
several of the cars were Mercedes Benz 600S the same model as the one driven by
the owner of the Manchester Union. There was also a Jaguar and a Bentley.

  Ten minutes later I realized Kurt had taken me to the dogfights. Now, I'm not
a member of PETA or someone involved in animal rights. I do or rather did have a
cat named Cleo that is the sweetest thing alive. I hope by the way that Cleo has
found a new home and didn't starve to death in my apartment. My Mother has a key
and must have come looking for me when I disappeared. Oops, I'm getting my story
out of order again. Thinking about Cleo got me emotional and caused me to
digress. I just wanted to say that dog fighting is a terrible thing.

  A guy cradling an M-16 waved us through the door. He must have known Kurt.
Inside they were stands on three sides of a small-enclosed area where two pit
bulls were being introduced to one another. I could tell they didn't care for
one another by the way they bared their fangs and growled.

  I stayed close to Kurt. This was not a nice crowd. Over in a corner I saw a
blanket covering what I assumed were dead dogs. You could see legs poking out
and there was blood seeping through the fabric. At the time, I thought dog
fighting was the most sordid, depraved and heartless thing I'd ever experienced
but that was before I got to LaPenera. 

  "$10,000 on Kayo," said Kurt to a man standing by the pit.

  "$10,000 it is," said the man scribbling in his notebook with an expensive
Mont Blanc pen. There was something very upper end about dog fighting and that
surprised me.

  Kurt walked over to a bench and sat down. I was staying close. There were only
a few women there. One of who was expensively dressed like she had just come
from a dinner party at the Ritz-Carlton.  Her male companion was wearing a
tuxedo. Most of the crowd wore jeans but there were some expensive looking
business suits too.  Even the guys wearing jeans were sporting diamond crusted
Rolex's. My prior view of dog fighting fans was a collection of welfare
recipients trying to make a buck out of their rotweiler.  Sometimes things
aren't what you think. Later, back at the Union and doing research, I found some
recent articles about dog fighting that said wagers of up to $100,000 were not
uncommon. I guess it was the new sport of kings.

  If I heard Kurt right, he had just bet $10,000 on a dog named Kayo. If Kayo
killed the other dog, Kurt would be at least $10,000 richer, maybe more,
depending on the odds. I was impressed that Kurt considered $10,000 a bet. I
invested $1.00 each week in New Hampshire's Megabucks lottery and considered
that a major expenditure. Occasionally, if I were feeling lucky, I'd blow $5.00
on scratch tickets, the lottery's answer to those who require immediate
gratification or most often disappointment.

  A gong sounded. Kurt and I stood up. We walked to the edge of the pit where
two bulldogs were getting psyched up to kill one another.

  "Which one's Kayo?" I asked. I figured if I was going to have a dog in this
fight, I should know which one. You can cheer for anything when you're on Crank
even which doggie gets to kill the other one

  "The black one with the white star on his head," responded Kurt.

  Dog fighting is an utterly savage and sickening thing to watch. The handlers
released the dogs and they came together like a pair of onrushing freight
trains. The fight lasted quite a while. The dogs are bred for stamina. I thought
Kayo was finished several times when his opponent had him on his back and seemed
to be crushing his shoulder. Finally, Kayo must have gotten the proper hold on
the other dog's throat because he slowly strangled the animal. The handler used
some sort of special wooden pry bar to remove Kayo's jaws from his now deceased
opponent's neck. The whole thing made me want to throw up but keeping my cover I
acted like it was the most exciting thing I'd ever seen.

  I laid some serious kisses on Kurt and he responded by untying my vest and
exposing my breasts so he could play with my tits while he watched the dog
fight. I did more crank so I didn't mind I was in a crowded place with my boobs
hanging out. Kurt and I did some serious tongue kissing when Kayo won. I ignore
the fact that Kurt was pawing and sucking my tits while a crowd of dangerous
criminals watched. I fantasized that they all wanted their turn with me and each
was picturing exactly how they would first torture then rape me. I have an
active imagination.

  We stayed for three more fights. Kurt bet $5,000 on the next fight and won
again. That seemed to put him in a good mood. He handed me another packet of
crank that I dutifully dropped on my tongue and swallowed. Kurt took a hit of
crank at the same time. That stuff does work. I felt like I could stay up for
days, even go into work Saturday and write the entire Sunday edition of the
paper all by myself.

  Kurt only bet $1,000 on the third fight and lost it. Number four was between
two pure white pit bulls that were incredibly hard to tell apart. Their white
coats contrasted with their blood as they mauled each other. Kurt's dog won. I
didn't hear how much he bet but I think it was $5,000.

  "Let's go," announced Kurt as the handler was dragging the dead body of one of
the pit bulls out of the enclosure. He walked over to the man in the suit and
was handed a thick amount of cash. I had no idea how much. It was all $100
dollar bills. It filled two large brown paper sacks.

  "Did I bring you luck?" I asked Kurt as we were leaving the Quonset hut. He
looked at me like I had two heads. I fucked that man a hundred times and spent
days in bed with him but I never knew what he was thinking. He was a total
enigma. I also have to add that you could spend twelve hours with him and not
get him to speak twelve words. He never answered a direct question. He never
asked me anything about myself. I don't know why I concocted an elaborate cover
story. It was like fucking the Sphinx.

  But the fucking was the absolute best. I followed him to a condominium complex
right near Methuen, MA. We parked our bikes in his garage. Then he took me
upstairs to a nicely furnished three-bedroom townhouse and gave me the best
screwing I'd ever received. It was awesome. I was flying high on the crank and
that nine inches of hard peter became my nirvana. I was so happy when it was
inside me as deep as it would go. I felt a sense of pure joy when it stretched
apart my pussy lips and slid inside me. I considered myself so grateful that I
went out of my head squeezing his cock with my Tantric trained cunt. That
impressed him mightily.

  "Good fuck," was his only comment when four hours later, we finished for the
sixth time. I had used every trick I knew from the Arlene Fairchild book of "How
to Fuck Like a Professional?"  I honestly believe I impressed him when I got on
my back and hooked my ankles behind my neck and rhythmically opened and closed
my asshole. That kind of extreme shit always impressed the Pagans. All I can say
is that afterwards my keggles were engaged in replacing worn out muscle fiber. 

  Kurt strictly followed the dictum that the woman was responsible for both hers
and her partner's orgasm. The good part was that I could bury his thing inside
me and cum like a bottle rocket. A Kurt Lambert fuck left me with sore nipples,
he liked to twist them till I started to cry. Tears of pain streaming out of the
corners of my eyes were the best way to get him to cum. I always left Kurt's
with a sore vagina, a well-punished clit, nipples that looked like mashed
raspberries. Also, Kurt loved anal and my asshole wouldn't fully close for
hours. I was also very sexually contented. My pussy satisfaction meter went off
the scale when I was screwing Kurt.

   That first night, we screwed until the sun came up and then slept. I was
awakened toward noon by Serge coming into the room. I didn't bother to cover up.

  "Geraldo gave me $15,000 for Kristy," announced Serge sitting on the edge of
the bed.

  "Shit, she was worth $20,000," responded Kurt.

  "He claimed she was so fucked up on crank and H, it'd be weeks before she
could earn her keep."

  "Did you tell that spic bastard, she was only fifteen?"

  "Yes, he said fourteen was getting to be the best age for street whores."

  "I'm going to take a shower," said Kurt getting up obviously unimpressed with
his younger brother's negotiating skills.

  "How was she?" asked Serge indicating me. I repeated my name for Serge. Pagans
usually didn't bother to learn a girl's name until after a half dozen fucks.

  If you are offended by being talked about in the third person, you should stay
away from the Pagans. Women are much less important than Harley's, drugs, other
Pagans, etc.

  "She's a hot fuck. Go ahead, try her." Well, I never thought it would be true
love and after all Serge was his kid brother. I suppose their mom taught them to
share. However, I didn't expect to be given away quite so casually. I stifled my
feminine ego and responded by putting my arms around Serge and kissing him with
my mouth open. My response was the correct one based on some advice from Aunt
Carol.

  "Think of sex like a man does and you'll do okay," advised my aunt.

  "And how does a man think?"

  "It's just there and expected like water from a faucet or electricity from a
wall plug. Fucking is no big deal. If anybody wants a piece, just spread your
legs and give them a little. Treat it as a casual thing that you enjoy but don't
attach a lot of importance to. "

  Anyway I rolled over on my back, spread my legs and hand motioned for Serge to
climb on. I fucked him slowly, squeezing his cock with my sore pussy, and he
wasn't bad. It lacked the raw energy and sexual passion of fucking Kurt but
Serge was well equipped and I got into it.

  Afterwards I joined Kurt in the shower. I wasn't sure about my next move but
he solved that for me after I got dressed to leave.

  "See you at the Side Car tonight," said Kurt.

  "All right," I replied.

  As I rode up I-93 to Manchester and home, I congratulated myself on having
successfully made the first step in becoming a Pagan girl. I planned to call
Aunt Carol as soon as I got home and give her a progress report.

  Over the next several months, I sort of became Kurt's Pagan girl, not that it
meant fidelity or had any permanence. I screwed Serge when he wanted me and
participated in several group gropes with Serge, Kurt, and a black girl named
Wanda who replaced Kristy. Several times, it got wild.

   Kurt and Serge had a party at their condo over the July Fourth weekend. Orgy
would have been a better way to describe it. I stayed high on crank and fucked
anybody that asked. At one point, there were eight of us girls down on the floor
on our hands and knees and the guys were fucking up dog style switching ever
minute or so to the girl on the left.

  Other Pagans left me alone when Kurt wasn't around. I guess that was the fear
factor at work. Once or twice I brought up the subject of politics and Senator
Candace Williams. No one seemed to know shit. I doubted that the average Pagan
could name a single elected official other than the Attorney General and the
District Attorney.  I suppose they didn't see any point in crowding their minds
with useless information such as the name of the Governor or the members of
their Congressional delegation. 

  They did know the names of the local sheriff, town police chiefs and members
of the state highway patrol. Several times I was surprised to learn how much
they knew about the members of the New England DEA. The DEA was a frequent topic
of conversation. If I were a DEA agent, I'd be less than thrilled if I found out
the Pagans had a computer database of agent information including home
addresses, wives names, and children's schools. I once listened to a
conversation where the Pagans were discussing that a local DEA agent was getting
a divorce and whether that might distract him from his duties. To the Pagans, it
was truly a drug war and the DEA was the enemy army.




Chapter 27 - Arlene Part 6



Felony Murder or Getting in Way Over My Head



Please take note! Adults Only Literature

The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written for
adults only.

If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing this
file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
now.

This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
is purely coincidental, etc.

Email HarryBerg01@aol.com with your comments.

Copyright 2003

                                                                ****

  I thought about naming this part, "Going Undercover While Undercover" but what
happened was too serious for such levity. Besides I need to own up to my role is
what was a very dark deed.

  Aunt Carol had warned me that the Pagans had become a much more sinister
operation with the advent of the drug business.  We were eating a late lunch the
day after I had managed to connect with Kurt at The Side Car. Aunt Carol had
been impressed I had hooked up with the Pagan in charge. But she had something
else she needed to say.

  "In the old days, the Pagan's relied on alcohol to get high, then times
changed and they moved on to marijuana ultimately to the harder drugs like
heroin, coke, PCP, and crystal meth. But now they're not just drug users,
they're big time drug dealers and that's a very serious and dangerous business,"
said Aunt Carol in one of her educational sessions describing the evolution of
the Pagans from a gang of misfits to a confederacy of organized crime.

   Looking back, I now realize how right she was. Mention motorcycle gang and
most people think of Marlon Brando in The Wild One, a bunch of good kids
misunderstood by society. Or an out of control bunch of drunks who frequently
get themselves killed on the nation's interstates. Actually, they're a ruthless
criminal organization that will go to any lengths to protect and preserve a huge
business empire. But it took me a while to internalize exactly what Aunt Carol
was trying to tell me.

  "I'm not sure I understand what you mean," I replied taking a bite of my
shrimp Cesar salad.

  "When I was with Charlie, we drank and took drugs but we didn't deal them
except occasionally to one another. Sure, Pagans would get high and commit
crimes like pulling somebody's teeth out in an all night diner. There were a lot
of rapes when they happened upon people in out of the way places. That was
assault and you could get 3 to 5 years in the state penitentiary. Now, the
Pagans produce Crystal Meth by the hundredweight and take in millions of
dollars. But the Feds put dealers in jail for 25 to life. It's become a very
serious business."

  "I guess I knew that. So what's that got to do with me?"

  "They are much more cautious about who they let ride with them. They may
require you to do something criminal as a test. That way, they have something on
you if you should ever decide to tell the DEA what you know."

  "You mean they'd make me participate in a crime?"

  "Not exactly make you, just put you in a position where they expect you to go
along with something criminal," said my Aunt taking a bite of her Cobb salad.

  It was about six weeks later that I discovered that Aunt Carol was exactly
right, not that her warning made any difference. I'd been spending my weekends
with Kurt. We hooked up at The Side Car on Friday night and wound up at his
condo in Methuen where we would fuck for hours. If Serge and his new girl, Wanda
were around, we'd do a group thing. Wanda was the first black girl I ever went
down on. Wanda grew up in an area of Boston called Roxbury in the heart of a
black ghetto. For a street wise girl whose first sexual experience was at the
age of eleven when her drug addicted whore mother sold Wanda's virginity for a
couple of rocks of crack, she was an amazingly gentle and easy to be around
person. She also taught me a lot about the art of eating pussy. She had these
large lips and soft mouth that sent me over the edge time and time again. I
guess I can honestly say that when I was with Kurt the sex was terrific on all
fronts.

  Sunday afternoon, I'd head back up I-93 to Manchester. I'd be recovering from
whatever combination of drugs that Kurt had provided me that weekend. Crank was
the main one but sometimes there was coke or heroin. Thank God, the heroin was
the pure kind you could snort. I wasn't into sticking needles in my arm. That
particular Sunday as I rode my Harley, I was thinking about the conversation I
had with Kurt right before I left.

  "Need a favor," announced my voluble stud right before I left.

  "What?" I'd learned that Kurt preferred the minimalist approach to human
communication.

  "Is that a yes?"

  I nodded yes. Sometimes I prided myself on speaking even fewer words than
Kurt. I made it into a game.

  "I need you to pick up a guy and his wife."

  "Pick up as in?" I honestly didn't know what the hell he meant. Pick up at the
airport, the bus stop, what?

  "Go to a club in Boston. Get them interested. Take them back to your place.
I'll handle the rest."

  "My apartment is quite a drive from Boston."

  "No, not your real apartment, dummy, just your place to use. Meet me here
Wednesday and I'll show you what to do. I can't afford for you to fuck this up."

  Containing my curiosity until Wednesday took every ounce of self-control I
could muster. Either Kurt thought I could read minds or he considered me a
paranormal and able to divine what he really wanted. As I drove to Kurt's that
Wednesday, I decided I was going to drop my recently acquired penchant for
speaking in shorthand and make a real effort to understand what he wanted. He
was waiting for me when I got to his place. The conversation was less laconic.

  "I need to clearly understand what I'm to do if as you say, I'm not going to
fuck this up," I said as I sat down across from him.

  "Anthony and Rose Petrillo," said Kurt handing me a picture of a well dressed
man and woman. I studied the picture carefully. They looked to be in their late
thirties or early forties. They were an attractive couple. I would describe Rose
Petrillo looks as patrician. She had the high cheekbones and straight nose of a
girl who came from money. Anthony looked like one of those Italian stallions my
college roommate and I used to drive down to Revere Beach to try to meet.

  The photo showed them exiting a downtown office building. A plaque on the wall
stated that it was the 75 State Street building. I assumed it was in downtown
Boston.

  "Friday nights, they usually show up at a private club located above a
restaurant in Boston's financial district. The place is called "The Exchange."

  "Private club, how do I get in?"

  "You'll have a membership card."

  "What do I do?"

  "Meet them, leave with them."

  "Why would they be interested in meeting me?"

  "Rose likes girls and Tony likes to watch. They also like blow. You'll have
plenty of that."

  "What do I do when I get them back to my place?"

  "Eat Mrs. Petrillo's pussy while Mr. Petrillo fucks you in the ass. Whatever
the hell they want?" Kurt's voice had that exasperated tone like he was trying
to teach Algebra to a student too dumb to get it.

  "And then?"

  "I'll show up and handle it from there. You leave."

  "All right. I'll do my best."

  "Fuck your best, you better get this right," said Kurt in a tone more
threatening than usual.

  "Understood, I'll need to know where everything is."

  "We'll get to that in a minute. You'll need to look expensive, classy,
sophisticated and rich. The Petrillo's got a thing for money." Kurt reached down
into a paper bag at his feet and pulled out a half dozen jewelry boxes. He had
just set a record for speaking the longest and most complete sentence I'd ever
heard him utter. I flipped open the largest box. There was a beautiful diamond
watch inside. The box lid said it was a Chopard. I recalled that was one of
those companies that advertised jewelry in Vanity Fair. I couldn't afford the
products in Vanity Fair. I could barely afford the magazine subscription. I
glanced quickly at the other boxes. They contained diamond wedding rings,
earrings, bracelet, and necklace. I guessed the earrings four carats each. The
earring box said they were from Tiffany. The bracelet box said Bulgari. These
were all Vanity Fair advertisers. If the jewelry was real and not cubic
zirconium, it was worth a fortune.

  "It's a lot of jewelry, " I commented. It truly was too much to wear at one
time.

  "If it's too much, don't wear it all, just look like a rich girl who's out on
the town while your hubby is away."

  "Clothes?" I asked since I didn't have anything to wear that would go with a
Chopard watch.

  "Here, get a Versace or something," said Kurt reaching once again into the bag
at his feet to pick up a several inch thick stack of cash and hand it to me.
Later, I counted it, $15,000. 

  "Let's take a ride," said Kurt standing up. He drove me into Boston's
financial district and showed me the location of The Exchange. Afterwards, he
took me over to the Beacon Hill area to a townhouse on Louisburg Square. He
drove down an alley, pushed a button on a remote to open a garage door and drove
inside a two-car garage. In downtown Boston, a two-car garage alone costs more
than a large mansion in the suburbs. We went into the townhouse and walked
around. The place was way out of my league. This was the kind of place you saw
advertised as a steal for $8million in the back of the magazine section of the
Sunday paper.

  I had some doubts I could pull this off. I'd never been a member of the rich
and famous, especially of the clique of Boston Brahmins that lived in places
like Beacon Hill's Louisburg Square. I was afraid the fact that I was a lower
middle class girl from a hick town like Manchester would be immediately obvious.

   Kurt gave me the keys to the townhouse and told me to spend sometime there,
learning where everything is. I imagine the Petrillo's would think it strange if
I didn't know where the bathroom was in my own townhouse. I pointed out to Kurt
there was one more problem.

  "Tattoos, little rich girls aren't inked head to foot."

  "Shit, I didn't think of that."

  "I could tell them I went to live in Los Angeles and during a rebellious
period from Mom and Dad, rode with the Hells Angels."

  "Why the Angels? They're a bunch of pussies."

  "But aren't they in LA?"

  "I guess, fucking Angels, everybody thinks they're so fucking much," commented
Kurt.

  When we got back to Kurt's place, I was rewarded with a couple of nice long
fucks that relaxed me to the point I felt like my skeleton had turned to silly
putty. God how I loved the way his cock felt inside me, it was electric. I was
so caught up in the miracle of Kurt Lambert's cock that I would have agreed to
join a conspiracy to assassinate the President. And they say only men think with
their sex organ.

  The next day at the Union I looked the Petrillo's up on the Internet.  I found
most of my information in the archives of The Boston Globe. The couple was the
founders of an investment banking firm called "Premier Boston, LLC." The society
pages of the Globe contained a good dozen photos of the two attending
fundraisers for various charities and the arts. Boston Magazine had a revealing
shot of Rose at a cocktail party for Boston Ballet. The woman had a good figure,
tall and thin. She was standing beside Boston's Mayor Menino showing a properly
tapered leg poking out the slit in her floor length ball gown. I felt my pussy
getting a little wet when I contemplated that I would soon have my head between
those legs.

  Saturday, I drove into Boston to the Versace boutique on Newbury Street and
purchased a simple black dress. It showed some skin but not too much. I figured
would be appropriate. It also covered my tattoos. The skirt was short enough to
be sexy but looked expensive enough for a woman who would be wearing a Chopard
watch. All right, I adored the fucking watch. I actually wore it around my
apartment a few times. I've never had what you call "nice things." The dress
cost me $1700 of the money that Kurt gave me. That was $1500 more than I had
ever paid for a dress in my entire life. I picked out a pair of Manolo Blatnik
shoes to match for a paltry $750. I finished off my outfit with a $500 Valentino
purse that was on the clearance counter.

  I'd realized that the Versace would clash with my Wal-Mart underwear. I walked
over to the LaPerla boutique on Beacon Street and purchased three bra and panty
sets. All right, I know I only needed one but having money was new to me and I
felt like I deserved it. God knows what I was getting myself into. Besides,
there's nothing like the feeling of raw silk on your crotch. Now I knew why rich
girls are such whores. I wore a pair of $125 panties out of the store just to
see how they felt. Just the sensation of the raw silk rubbing across my clit had
me ready to cum in the block it took me to walk to the LePli Spa.

  I'd made an appointment for a complete treatment including a Brazilian bikini
wax. Rich girls don't have hairs growing around their assholes. When I came out
three hours later, my pussy was as smooth as a baby's butt. I finished my day at
a hair salon on Newbury Street. I told the stylist I was going to a black tie
affair at the Ritz-Carlton that night and needed a sophisticated hairstyle. I
watched him carefully so I could reproduce it. The new style made me looks
different from the old Arlene and that was a good thing. Kurt had muttered
something about trying to be less recognizable just in case.

  I saved the receipts. I had no idea whether Kurt expected the jewelry or the
unspent money back. I decided to hold on to it until he asked me to return it.
As it happened, he never did. I wonder if my Mom is wearing my Chopard watch.

  I drove to Kurt's place on the agreed upon night. If the Petrillo's didn't
show up at The Exchange, we'd try again another night. There was a Mercedes
600SL parked in Kurt's garage. Kurt handed me the keys. I suppose my Nissan
Sentra was a little too down market.

  "You're early," said Kurt when I walked in carrying all my stuff. 

  "Fuck me and calm me down," was all I said.

  Without another word, Kurt took me into the bedroom. I could tell that
tonight's job had him on edge. When he was calm, Kurt was an intense hungry
fuck, the kind a girl could get wet just thinking about. But when he was on edge
knowing that something big was coming down, the sex moved to a much higher
plane. I could lick the sweat off his nipples and smell his armpit and have an
orgasm.

  We stripped and I mounted him intending to rub my clit raw on his washboard
abs. I have to admit it was the added sense of danger and excitement of what was
about to happen that made it the best fuck of my life. I climaxed so ferociously
I passed out for a few seconds. One minute I was slamming my pussy down on
Kurt's member and the next I felt like an astronaut experiencing seven G's as he
escaped the earth's gravity. There are fucks and then there are fucks. This one
set the all time Arlene Fairchild record for rocking her world. I was shaking
like a leaf when it was over. It took me a couple of minutes to recover.

  "Showtime," was all I said as I climbed off the bed and headed to the shower.

  Ninety minutes later I walked into the room to show Kurt what he got for all
that money and jewelry. He looked me over very carefully.

  "Guess, you'll have to do," was his only comment. He wasn't exactly a
confidence builder. It was a good thing I had looked at myself in the mirror and
said "Damn, you look good, girl" before I walked into the room. Kurt handed me
something that looked like a credit card. It was gold and read "Exchange Club
VIP".

  "That operates the elevator to go upstairs to the private club," said Kurt.

  "Does it cost much to join?" There were times my curiosity got away from me.

  "$25,000," was Kurt response. He gave me that look that indicated any more
unnecessary questions would not be welcome.

  "Can you please show me the car?"

  "It's an automatic, what's to show?"

  "How to operate the windshield wipers would be nice. I've never driven a
Mercedes Benz."

  Kurt showed me the controls. Thirty minutes later, I sped down I-93 into
Boston exiting at the High Street off ramp. I turned onto Franklin Street,
pulled up in front of The Exchange and gave my car to the valet. I made sure he
could look up my skirt all the way to my new silk panties when I exited the car. 
At $125 a pair, I wanted as many people as possible to see them. So far,
everything was proceeding as planned.

  I walked past the burly doorman into the restaurant and through to the private
elevator in back. It was located exactly where Kurt described it. The elevator
key card worked and in thirty seconds I exited on the third floor. The club was
all dark wood with high ceilings. It smelled of money. It was still early and
there were only a few members present. Someone was playing a grand piano over in
the corner. I walked over to the bar sat down and ordered a martini, straight up
with a twist.

  "Shit, I thought to myself. I'd like to do this ever night. I was wearing
about gazillion carats of diamonds that I think were real. I looked terrific if
I do so myself. Maybe some millionaire businessman would come in and ask me to
marry him or at least live in his castle. That little reverie ended when the
Petrillo's stepped off the elevator.

  For some unknown reason, I found Rose more appealing than her husband. Maybe
because to a hick girl from Manchester, NH, she looked the epitome of the rich,
successful, cosmopolitan woman I always wanted to be. It was my lucky night
because Rose sat down right beside me at the bar. She ordered a cosmopolitan
made with top shelf vodka, Grey Goose as I recall. Tony opted for a very dry
apple martini. I let them get their drink and settle in before I made a move.

  After a few minutes in which I sensed they were checking me out, I decided to
start my run. I'd worked too many fern bars in downtown Manchester not to know
how to meet strangers. Unfortunately, most of the men I met in those bars were
married. Not that being married meant I wouldn't go out with them. But it did
mean that the relationship was going to consist of dinner and a fuck, nothing
more.

  "Is this place always this quiet?" I asked Rose turning slightly in her
direction.

  "It gets livelier later," said Rose, "Is this your first time here?"

  "Yes, someone told Rashi it was fun," I replied beginning to unveil the cover
story I had prepared.

  "Rashi, is that your husband?" It was hard not to notice the ten-carat wedding
ring on my finger.

  "Yes, actually it's Rashad Alwahdia, I'm Adriana by the way. We just moved
here from Los Angeles." Arlene is such a middle class name. Besides, Kurt told
me to use an alias.

  "Rose Petrillo and this is my husband Tony." Tony had struck up a conversation
with a man sitting to his left. But he quickly turned around and said hello. I
could tell by the way he and Rose were looking at me they were interested. I
just needed to keep cool and play my hand carefully.

  "So what beings you to Boston, Adriana?" asked Tony exercising the good habit
of repeating a person's name immediately after meeting them. My dad always said
that was a big help in remembering names.

  "I'm originally from New Hampshire. Rashi wanted a place on the East Coast in
case of a quake or something. Since I was familiar with the area, he thought it
would be a good idea to buy a place in Boston. I would have preferred Miami but
he insisted. He said that since he travels a lot. It would be better if I had
family nearby." I had just stated my reason for having a New England accent.

  "If Rashi going to join you later. I'd like to met him," offered Tony.

  "Not tonight, maybe in a couple of weeks, he's back home with his family in
Brunei. He likes to be there for at least a part of Ramadan." I'd done some
research and found out it was usual for wealthy Arabs to return home for
Ramadan. And for that matter, Ramadan had started one week prior. I'd thought of
all this on my own with no prompting with Kurt.

  "And you didn't go with him?" asked Rose. Women are always the curious ones
especially about other women's marriages.

  "No way, Brunei is one hundred degrees in the shade. Alcohol is strictly
forbidden, adultery is punishable by stoning and God knows what they'd do if
they caught you with some dope. Besides, Rashi's family isn't too crazy about
him having a non-Muslim American wife. Although they're thrilled that marrying
me has given Rashi an American passport. Something they might find useful if the
Islamists ever come to power."

  "So where did you settle?" asked Tony.

 "No far from here, Rashi got a good deal on a townhouse in Louisburg Square. It
was an estate sale." We Americans value people by where they live. I'd just
played my Louisburg Square card. Tony was impressed and he immediately showed
it.

  "Nice area, you're lucky to find a place. Most of the time, those town homes
never go on the market."

  "Rashi took care of all that. It's much smaller than our place in Malibu and
the garden's the size of a postage stamp. But we're only going to spend 2-3
months each year here, the rest of the time we'll be in LA."

  "How long have you been married?" asked Rose. I told you women were the
curious ones.

  "Thirteen months."

  "Were you in film business?" God I must have looked terrific.

  "No, but I wanted to be when I ran away from home. Girl runs away to
Hollywood, attempts to sleep with the right people but winds up falling in love
with a really bad boy who's exciting as hell. But you've heard that story before
so I won't bore you with it."

  "Well, I'm not sure Boston can compete with Los Angeles but I always say you
make your own party anyway," commented Rose as she gave my forearm a little
squeeze that communicated exactly what I wanted to hear.

  "Speaking of partying, I have some top shelf blow that Rashi gave me before he
left. I don't know the ground rules here in Boston but can we make a trip to the
Ladies Room and one of us play lookout while the other does some lines." I
leaned in close to Rose to inform her of this. My mouth was only an inch from
her ear. Her perfume invaded my nostrils, making me realize how much I was
turned on by this whole business.

  There is nothing that makes friends faster than offering expensive drugs for
free. Rose promptly got off her barstool and whispered, "Sure, come with me." I
followed Rose to the Ladies Room. I detected a little added shake of hips as she
walked ahead of me. My instincts told me that Rose wanted my drugs and my body.

  "You go first," I said to Rose as I handed her a large phial of white powder.
Kurt had informed me that it was first quality $1,000 an ounce coke. Rose
disappeared into a stall while I stood by the door. I heard the sounds of
someone inhaling expensive white powder grown and refined in the Republic of
Columbia. The DEA always tells people that cocaine impairs your judgment. I was
hoping for once that the DEA was right.

  Rose came out sniffing. "That's truly excellent blow, Rashi must know the
right people," said Rose. As I passed by her, she put her hand on my arm and
stopped me.

  "Do you have other vices?" asked Rose looking directly in my eyes.

  "I cover the waterfront," I replied leaning in to Rose and kissing her on the
lips. We did the kind of serious tongue kissing that requires you to reapply
your lipstick.

  "Tony gets his kicks watching me then joining in," said Rose when we broke the
kiss.

  "He and Rashi have a lot in common," was my ever so cool reply. This was
getting too easy. I told myself to slow down and let things develop naturally.

  Boom, just like that everything fell in place. When we got back to the bar.
Rose must have signaled Tony that I was their kind of woman, rich and utterly
without moral fiber. He immediately ordered us several plates of appetizers and
more drinks. I sent him off to the Men's Room with my vial of blow so he could
make the proper attitude adjustment.

  I told them the phony life story I had memorized. Daddy and Mum were strict
New England Yankees. Dad was a chemist that taught at MIT. He invented and
patented something that made a lot of money. Parents sent me to Smith College
but I hated it and ran away to Hollywood to be in the movies. I did some
commercials, minor appearances in sitcoms, fell in love with a biker who
eventually got killed in a shootout with a rival gang, something about drugs,
met Rashi at a party and got married. Rashi was older, forty-six, and very rich.
I was twenty-three, a party girl, who liked older rich men. It was a Cinderella
marriage conceived in drug heaven.

  The next time Rose and I went to the Ladies Room, Tony followed right along. I
followed Rose into a stall. As she took a seat, she pulled her skirt up and
pants down and let loose a stream of piss that a Jersey cow would have been
proud of. I reached down and grabbed her feet and rested them on my shoulders as
I kneeled down between her legs. Behind me, I heard Tony unzipping and begin
stroking it. He rubbed his cock on my bare shoulders as I pushed my face into
Rose's slit that was still dripping piss. I took a long delicious tongue swipe
that started at her asshole and ended at her clit.  My time with Wanda had
perfected my approach to cunnilingus and Rose's hole was oozing the product of
her Bartholin glands in one minute. She climaxed in less than three minutes of
serious muff diving. After Rose climaxed, I turned my head and took Tony's cock
in my mouth just as it unloaded. I swallowed very drop then licked it clean.
Rose joined in to help with cleanup duty. We finished with some hot kisses that
smelled of girl piss and gland juice accented with the salty taste of semen. 
Looking back on it, I guess it was pretty hot. When we finished, we saw there
was another lady who had come into the john behind Tony. She was the matronly
sort, a little heavy, but definitely from money based on the diamond bracelet
adorning her wrist. She was standing there quite nonchalantly with her skirt
hiked up, working her chubby clit. She had apparently happened upon our little
porno tableau and gotten excited.

  I walked over to our masturbating voyeur, kissed her and slipped some fingers
in her cunt causing her to immediately climax. The suddenness of her orgasm gave
us all a good laugh. I gave her some blow that she snorted like a $2,000 a night
Hollywood hooker.

  "Let's go to my place. I don't like to attract crowds," I said as the three of
us walked out of the Ladies Room.

  "Great idea," said Tony. I could tell that Tony wanted to fuck me, preferably
while I was eating his wife. From our conversation, I had learned the Petrillo's
managed a venture capital firm that they founded some years ago. Business was a
little slow due to the downturn in the economy. They saw me as not only their
kind of whore but also one with a rich husband who might want to invest a few
million.

  Rose and I rode up front. It's a good thing a Mercedes-Benz 600SL is easy to
drive because I had to cover the few blocks with Rose's hand working my pussy.
She kept getting her fingers wet in my cooze than letting Tony lick them dry.
These people were definitely out there. I concentrated on my driving. The last
thing I needed was to wreck a car that I had no idea who was the owner. Kurt had
assured me that the car was legitimate as far as the police were concerned.

  I spent a few minutes showing them the townhouse. It was impressive as hell. I
wondered what it would be like to really live in a place like that. I think
about that a lot since I arrived at the Palace of Sin. From Beacon Hill to
Brazil's Amazonia all in a few short months. Oh well, nothing to be gained by
dwelling on the negative.

  I grabbed two bottles of champagne out of the kitchen. The brand must have
been expensive because Tony was impressed. Tony put ice into a pair of silver
ice buckets and we headed to the bedroom.

  "Charles Krug, Vintage 1972," said Tony looking at the label, "Your husband
has excellent taste in champagne."

  I pictured Kurt asking a liquor storeowner to buy him a case of the most
expensive champagne available. If you're willing to spend the money, it's not
hard to impress people.

  We got naked in the master bedroom. Tony definitely liked to watch. Rose and I
did a sixty-nine while he masturbated. After we climaxed, we attacked him with
our mouths. Two coked out whores with eager mouths sucking your cock and working
your asshole is most men's idea of a good time. Tony produced his second load of
the evening that Rose and I shared. If you've never worked a cock spewing boy
juice with another girl, it's something you should definitely try. Swapping
mouthfuls of semen and licking it off another woman's lips is high on my list.
Rose was a no holds barred type of girl whose limits could only be reached if
you measured travel in light years.

  I opened the top drawer of the nightstand and pulled out a set of sex toys I'd
stowed there. I handed Rose a combination dildo-vibrator to amuse herself with
while I gave Tony the fuck I knew he wanted. We went at it in half a dozen
positions. Tony was well hung and the blow gave him both energy and staying
power.

  Rose jerked herself off while I fucked her husband. When we finished, we
caught our breath partaking of more blow and champagne.

  "Use this on me," said Rose surprising me by holding up a strap-on cock I'd
bought more for show than use. It was a double dildo but one made for a dominant
female to give her submissive partner an unforgettably painful fuck.  It was
twelve fat inches of thick knobby latex on one end and six smooth inches on the
other. It was more of an S&M torture device than something for causing pleasure.
Rose might be tall and elegant, the picture of a wealthy businesswoman but she
was also a painslut that got off by being hurt where it counted. As it turned
out, watching Rose be hurt by another woman was on Tony's A list. I took the
smooth six-inch end and shoved it up my hole as I fastened the leather straps
around my waist. I tightened the straps to where the rubber cock wouldn't wobble
too much and eased the tip into Rose's opening. Wanda had given me the strap on
a few weeks before.

  "Here, if you ever meet a whore who likes it to hurt, use this on her," said
Wanda.

  "What kind of girl wants this in her box?" I asked looking over something that
looked more like a weapon than a marital aid.

  "The kind that gets off when her pussy's hurting real bad," replied Wanda.

  Tony approvingly rubbed his fingers over the hard rubber cockscomb that
decorated the tip of the dildo. He knew that plunging that deep inside a woman
all the way to her uterus would cause her intense pain. The kind of blinding
white penetrating agony that makes her grab her abdomen and beg God to take the
pain away.

  Above the latex cock on the hard leather surface that fit over my clit was a
four-inch square of uneven and very nasty looking hard sharp, rubber spines that
you could grind against your partner's clit? The cock head was extremely uneven
with a surface modeled after the roughest kind of French tickler. You girls that
have been fucked with a French tickler designed to cause pain, know what it
feels like to have one of those gouging against your vaginal walls. It hurts
like hell and only real sadists truly love them. There were several jagged edges
and bumps along the sides. I could only imagine that a good hard fuck with that
baby and a girl walked different the next day. And maybe she developed several
leaks to go along with that walk.

  "Rape her with it, I want to see the bitch's pussy fucked till it bleeds,"
whispered Tony who was behind me working a finger into my asshole, "but first
shove this in her ass so she's tight". Tony handed me a three-inch butt plug. 
He'd reached that moment when seeing the wife's vagina in pain was a turn on.
Most men harbor enough resentment of their wives to get off on seeing the wicked
bitch's cunt being stretched to where it bleeds.

  "Do it, Adriana, give it to me and make me scream," said Rose indicating that
she understood Tony's needs and wanted him to enjoy her pain. She was pulling on
her nipples, digging her expensively manicured nails in them and twisting them.
Her areolas were already looking red and bruised.

  "Okay, bitch, get ready to meet the pain demon." Looking back on it, I now
understand that I'm the kind of person that enjoys hurting my partner during
sex. It took me quite a while to understand that about myself. I covered the
butt plug in K-Y and shoved it in her ass without missing a beat. Rose let out a
large gasp as it stretched her butt hole to a full three inches then allowed her
anal ring to clamp tightly on the base. I'd had a butt plug that size in my
butt. It causes you to concentrate on one thing and that's how your ass is
stretched to the max.

  To be honest I was caught up in the moment. Perhaps, my passion to hurt Rose
was fueled by jealousy. She had everything I wanted but hadn't achieved. Rose
had money, a business she at least partially owned, and a husband that caused
other women to wet their pants.  She fucked for her own pleasure and enjoyed the
kinds of luxuries I could only read about. I was just a little slut trying to
get an inch ahead in life by letting any man who wanted to slide his cock in
whatever hole of mine he preferred. Rose was the archetype of successful whore I
wanted to be.

  I placed my hands on the tops of her shoulders to get the leverage I needed. I
dug my nails into her flesh for added emphasis. I understood that my success
would be measured by how loudly Rose screamed. Tony grabbed Rose's ankles and
spread her low and wide so that the strap on would cause maximum pain. He was
making a deliberate effort to insure that his wife's vagina would be aligned in
the least accommodating position to take in twelve hard inches of twisted latex.
I'd been fucked a couple of times with French ticklers which had a head like the
one I was going to use on Rose. Let's just say they get your complete and total
attention as they savage your vagina. I can remember crying like a baby while
Kurt fucked me with one at a party. He was demonstrating to the other Pagans
just how much they hurt.

  Little old Adriana flexed her lean, powerful thighs she developed in spin
class and slammed it home to the point that I felt the rubber nubs grind into
Rose's clit.  Her body went completely stiff with pain as soon as I enterer her
cunt. My God I bet that hurt.

  Rose screamed appropriately loud and twisted from side to side in agony. I
backed off and delivered another violent down stroke twisting against her clit
to cause extra pain.

  "Oh fuck, you're killing me, don't stop," screamed Rose. There were tears
streaming down her face.

  "Man that's something, keep doing her," panted an excited Tony apparently
fascinated with the amount of pain his wife was experiencing.

  I grasped her nipples between my thumb and first finger and attempted to lift
her by them. I managed to raise her enough to swing her side by side as she
moaned and screamed. Tony was totally turned on by what was happening. The head
of his cock replaced the two fingers he had in my ass. I was so into punishment
fucking Rose I hardly noticed when his cock sank inside my ass and I felt his
balls bounce into my pussy lips. I got into the rhythm of being butt fucked
while I screwed Rose with the strap-on.  I was totally involved in watching this
beautiful woman with her elegant good looks and wealthy lifestyle moan in pain
each time I thrust inside her. On each down stroke, I made a point of pushing
the clit agitator against her little man in the boat and attempting to wear off
a couple of layers of skin. I wanted to tear the hide off her clit and lick up
the blood.  You could tell from her screams that the grinding motion of my hips
was causing severe pain.

  We'd already done so much fucking that the strap on fuck went on for some time
before Tony supplied my bowels with a load of warm semen. Rose eventually
climaxed by holding her legs wide apart in a split a Dallas Cowboy cheerleader
would be proud of. She moaned each time I rubbed the pad of hard rubber nodules
against her. There were big streaks of blood on the strap-on when we finished.

  "God that was great," was how Rose described her experience when we were done.
There are times when you genuinely have to admire a painslut. If someone had
done that to me, I'd be out of my mind.

  We did more blow and champagne. Then the two of them did what I called the
"Adriana appreciation fuck" where I got to lay still and they both worked on me.
For a well-educated MBA type businesswoman, Adriana had the sexual mores of a
Pagan girl. Tony bent my legs over my head so his wife could suck his semen out
of my asshole. It's definitely hard-core when a woman is willing to suck out and
swallow that nice brownish concoction that oozes out of your butt after a
prolonged ass fucking.

  Sometime after that I passed out. A girl can only handle so much blow,
champagne, and sex, especially of a satisfying and sadistic nature.

  "Wake up," whispered Kurt shaking my shoulder. I didn't want to move. I wanted
to sleep until late the next day. But I felt Kurt shake me harder and squeeze my
shoulder until I felt pain.

  At that point, I remembered what it was all about and jumped up with a start.
Kurt and Serge were there. Tony and Rose were naked lying on the floor with duct
tape covering their eyes and nose. Their arms and feet were tied behind their
back with one of those plastic ties computer technicians use to keep their
cables together. Their feet were bent upward in what I recall was a sort of a
hog tie. It didn't look very comfortable but they weren't moving. At the time, I
remember wondering if Kurt had given them some kind of injection to knock them
out. The Pagans knew a lot about how to use chemicals to put someone under.

  "Hurry, get dressed," said Kurt. I leaned over to kiss him. I was in the mood
to fuck some more. Frankly, my brain was not working but my clit was. He pushed
me back.

  "Later, get the fuck dressed." Kurt's voice had that tone that communicated he
would beat the shit out of me if I didn't do as instructed. I got up and put my
clothes back on.

  "Don't leave anything," said Kurt. He sensed how badly I was fucked up. He
helped me find my panties and bra and stuck them in my Versace purse. He put the
sex toys back in the canvas bag.  Serge was busy picking up champagne bottles
and putting everything back where it belonged.

  "Here, this'll get you straight," said Kurt handing me a packet of crank. I
sat down by the bed and poured the white powder on my tongue. Crank is a
dangerous body and mind-destroying drug but it is a hell of a pick me up and in
five minutes, I was aware, alert, and ready to go. I pulled out the list of
everything I brought into the townhouse and checked off that I had it packed up
and stowed in the trunk of the Mercedes.

  Rose and Tony weren't moving. They were just lying there all trussed up. Kurt
took my stuff and me downstairs to the garage.

  "You did good, here's your end," said Kurt placing several packs of money in
the canvas bag with my sex toys. I sped off into the night. It was 4:30 in the
morning when I managed to get the 600SL back into the townhouse garage without a
scratch. I transferred everything back to my Nissan and drove another thirty
minutes before I got home. The sun was coming up by the time I managed to crawl
into my bed for twelve hours sleep.

  The next day I counted $20,000 in hundreds. I figured if I got to keep the
jewelry and it wasn't CZ, that I'd made $100,000 for a nights work.

  Two weeks went by before I managed to get a new hit on the Petrillo's using a
Google search. It was a tiny little article in the Boston Globe that read as
follows (or at least this is the way I remember it):

 

"Prominent Boston Couple Missing" was the storyline. Family and friends of
Anthony and Rose Petrillo expressed concern at the disappearance of the founders
of one of Boston's most successful venture capitalist firms. The couple has been
missing for several weeks. They were last seen leaving a private club with an
unknown female.



  Well, we all know who was the unknown female. Two weeks later, there was
another much larger article in the Globe. This was Page Two news. The DEA and
FBI had held a joint press conference to announce that the disappearance of the
Petrillo's was most likely due to foul play. It turns out that Rose and Tony
were busted several months ago while purchasing a large quantity of cocaine from
an undercover DEA agent. As it turned out, the Petrillo's were not averse to
using their venture capital firm to laundry money for people dealing drugs. In
order to avoid prosecution for the possession with intent to distribute charge,
they had agreed to work with the authorities to put away several big time drug
dealers who were their clients.

  There was a quote from Rose's brother accusing the FBI and DEA of failing to
protect his sister and brother-in-law.

  A Fed must have ratted out the Petrillo's. I'd heard rumors that someone on
the local DEA payroll was also getting a W-2 from the Pagans.

  As far as I know, the Feds never found out what happened to Rose and Tony. I
hope Kurt and Serge didn't make their death too painful. I believe they were in
too much of a hurry to take the time for a long agonizing death. Reno once told
me that the Pagans preferred way of disposing of people was to place them in a
large drum of the kind used to store chemicals. Then they filled the barrel with
concrete, preferably while the occupant was still alive. After the concrete
hardened, they sealed the barrel. A Pagan owned a large fishing boat that worked
out of Gloucester, Massachusetts. They slip the barrels on to be boat at night.
Next day, the boat would head out to Georges Bank for fishing. Along the way, it
passed one of the deepest underwater trenches in the Atlantic. They'd kick the
barrels overboard where they would never be found. I suspect that's how Rose and
Tony ended up.

  Looking back on it, I feel horrible about what happened. I did hear a rumor
months later that Kurt had been paid $1million by the Columbians for a double
hit. After that I understood why he hadn't been too concerned about the jewelry
and money he gave me. I never asked but I would have bet anything the jewelry
was stolen.

  I hadn't questioned Kurt about what he was going to do with the Petrillo's. Of
course, I knew deep down that he planned to kill them. He went to too much
trouble and expense for anything else. I consoled myself with the thought they
were sexual perverts, druggies, and money launderers for drug dealers. However,
I recall an old saying from one of my college literature courses.

  A guilty conscience is its own accuser. 




Chapter 28 - Arlene Part 7



Please take note! Adults Only Literature

The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written for
adults only.

If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing this
file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
now.

This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
is purely coincidental, etc.

Email HarryBerg01@aol.com with your comments.

Copyright 2003

                                                                ****

Section 6 - Visiting Day



  Finally, I felt like I was getting somewhere. Kurt had arranged for me to join
the Pagans at the next general meeting of the club. I suppose helping to dispose
of the Petrillos earned me the necessary level of trust.  Legally, I couldn't
figure out whether I had committed murder in the first degree or was merely an
accessory. Criminal law is damn hard to understand.

  The Pagans were holding an all New England meeting in Laconia, NH. That's a
small town about fifty miles north of Manchester up I-93.  Laconia for reasons
unknown to me is the favorite hangout and resort for New England bikers. It's a
ski town during the winter and a biker town the rest of the year.  I hadn't
known about the meeting until the week before when Kurt asked me if I wanted to
go. It was my usual one-way conversation with Kurt. We were at The Sidecar.

  "There's a meeting next week. We're taking in new female members. You want
your patch?"

  "You know I want to join, where is the meeting?" From listening to other
Pagans talk about prior initiations of female members I was aware that I had
just readily agreed to a prolonged gang bang, bestiality, and other perversions
that would be captured on hundreds of camcorders. 

  "None of your business."

  "How do I get there then?"

  "Meet me here Friday night and you can ride up with us."

  "All right, when do we get back?"

  "Questions, questions, Sunday morning."

  That conversation took place early Friday evening. Kurt and I were still at
the stage where we preferred to spend most of our time in bed totally fucked up
on drugs. We left The Sidecar early and drove to Kurt's condo where we got down
to serious screwing.

  Kurt and I stayed in bed from  Friday night until Saturday afternoon. Heaven
knows how much crank we had consumed. Crystal meth is a dangerous habit forming
drug that rots your internal organs and turns your brain to mush. That's why the
Pagans like it so much.

  We'd been fucking for hours. My mouth felt raw from sucking Kurt's cock and
rimming his asshole. My lips were brown, smeared with my lover's shit. My other
two holes weren't in much better shape. There's no stopping when you're on
crank. You fuck until you cum then right away you do it again. Kurt's balls were
totally empty. Every ounce of semen he was capable of producing was somewhere
inside my body. I might also add that Kurt had forestalled the need to visit the
john by inviting me to drain his bladder. For the last eighteen hours I was on a
diet of crank and beer piss. I was totally fucked up and out of control.

  Crystal Meth is an insidious drug in the sense that once you start something
you will not stop until your body shuts down or you die or you run out of
Crystal. If you were a housewife you'd vacuum until the rug went bald or you'd
stay up all night making school lunches for the next eighteen months. And if
you're into fucking, you just keep sucking and fucking that cock until you are
too exhausted to move. That weekend I fucked Kurt until my pussy and ass were
raw and bleeding.

  I was on top of Kurt riding his cock when his brother Serge walked in without
knocking.  The fact that we were engaged in sex didn't slow Serge down one bit.
He was drinking a beer and had something on his mind. Serge was if possible at
times even less communicative than his older brother. I'd only been with the
Pagans about three months but I was starting to understand how their collective
minds worked. The first commandment was to say as little as possible. It was
also true that the thought that his brother might like a little privacy while he
was boning his current girl was totally alien.

  There I was covered in sweat, semen, piss, hair filthy and matted down,
ridding up and down Kurt's big cock while he pinched my nipples so hard that I
would have been screaming if I wasn't so far gone on crank that I couldn't feel
pain. I looked and smelled like a crack whore.

  "What'd you need, bro?" asked Kurt matter of factly.

  "Terry's making a gang bang video with Lisa and he needs some fluffers. Can we
borrow Arlene?"

  Of course, no one asked me if I was interested in participating in the
production of a pornographic video.

  "Sure, How many is Lisa going to fuck?"

  "I've lined up seventy five but they'll tell others. Terry hopes for a
hundred. Want to help me out?"

  "Sure, where is it?"

  "Terry's garage."

  "All right, we'll get cleaned up and come over. I'll even fuck Lisa for you."

  "Great, Terry and I appreciate it."

  "I need a favor in return."

  "Sure, what."

  "Come here and help me fuck Arlene. Her pussy's gotten too loose. Put your
cock in to tighten her up."

  I was too stoned to care that Serge's cock was going to be used as a bushing
to constrict my vagina so Kurt could cum. Next thing I knew, Serge was standing
on the bed while I sucked his cock. Kurt was still inside me and I was
mindlessly pumping my sweat-covered body against his. After Serge got hard. He
got behind me and slowly worked his cock into my pussy right beside his
brothers. That was the first time I ever had two cocks inside my pussy. They
were both in the eight-inch category and I felt extended out to the point where
you feel like something's going to rip. Serge stuck a couple of fingers in my
ass just to maximize my discomfort.

  "You really got her loosened up, bro," commented Serge as he slammed into me.
I had to admit that having two cocks inside my twat was a novelty. I wondered if
three was anatomically possible, maybe at Cirque de Soleil. Thankfully, after
not a long time and a lot of pussy squeezing for encouragement, both brothers
unloaded inside me. I fell off Kurt too exhausted to move.

  "Man, you really fucked her. She looks like shit," said Serge evaluating my
condition.

  "Help me get her in the shower, " said Kurt.

  Later, I was in the shower with the two brothers soaping up their dicks when
the conversation turned back to my becoming a Pagan.

  "You do a good job as a fluffer and we'll make you an official Pagan girl next
weekend," said Kurt was I lathered up his cock.

  "I'll do my best, but what is a 'fluffer'?" There were always new things to
learn when you're around the Pagans. It's amazing what they added to my life
experiences in just a few short months.

  "Oh, you stay off camera and suck the guys in line to fuck Lisa. You work on
each one till he's about ready to cum, and then he climbs on Lisa, screws her
for thirty seconds and shoots. That's how gangbang videos are made. Otherwise
it'd take fucking forever and Lisa's holes would wear out." Serge provided this
useful information.

  "All right, but seventy five is a lot of cock to suck. My jaw will fall off."

  "Dummy, there'll be several other fluffers." During my time with Kurt, my
official title was "Dummy".

  So I stayed on my knees at Terry's Automotive Body Shop for a good four hours
while me and six other Pagan girls worked a long line of men. We sucked them
hard, sometimes let them fuck us in whatever hole hurt least at the moment and
brought them to a point where they were just about to shoot. Immediately, they
would climb on this cute little blonde who looked to be about sixteen years old.
Lisa was very pretty, no, that's an understatement she was beautiful. She had
this very sweet, almost angelic looking face with a flawless complexion. I
gather her innocent good looks and young girl body were part of the turn on. She
had tiny little boobs, the opposite of what you would expect. However, I quickly
understood the appeal to the male psyche. It was as if the defilement of
something uncorrupted in appearance made the guys hard. Why else would the
Pagans think the ultimate turn on was to rape somebody's pre-teen virgin
daughter while Mom and Dad watched. Later I was to experience the desire to
defile the innocent myself.

  Most of the time there were three men fucking Lisa, one in each hole. When
they climaxed, the camera would go in for a close up as one or more of three
shot cum over whatever body part the director choose. The last ten or so shot on
her face until it was covered in a thick coating of semen, yummy. The video
ended with Lisa swiping her tongue over her lips and using her finger to push
cum into her mouth. There was a racecar parked beside the dirty mattress lying
on the garage floor where Lisa took on the one hundred and twenty-five gang
bangers. The video was titled 'Nascar Gangbang No. 12', obviously part of a
series.

  As we girls were washing off in the ladies room, I discussed with Lisa her
budding career as a porn star.

  "You were fabulous, you look younger than eighteen?" I queried just to start
off the conversation. Lisa had one leg on the floor and the other on top of a
basin as she douched out her pussy. I was seated on the commode with the stall
door open cleaning myself out with a squeeze bottle of Summers Eve. Being
willing to talk casually with other women while washing cum out of my box
reflected how the weeks of being with the Pagans had changed me. I had
absolutely nothing left in the way of personal modesty. None of the other
fluffers did either. Doris was taking a noisy shit in the next stall and hadn't
bothered to close the door. Doris had a big fleshy butt and had done mostly
anal. She had just finished telling everyone how she got the shits after being
gang fucked in the ass.

  "I'm only fifteen but Terry's got all the paperwork that says I turned
eighteen last March," said Lisa.

  "One hundred guys is a lot of wear and tear on your parts, how do you feel?"

  "Sore as a boil. Is my ass still bleeding?" Lisa bent over so I could look up
her asshole while she pulled her cheeks apart.

  If I wasn't one hundred percent fucked out, I would have buried my face in her
delightful little butt crack and went to work but there comes a time when even
for a whore of my caliber, enough is enough.  I took a look at her butt hole
that you could actually see into; but there was no blood just a lot of rubbed
raw anal tissue, some of which was hanging out her anus. I suspected Lisa would
be in for a good case of hemorrhoids in the next day or two.

  "No blood just looked chafed as hell. You better apply some ointment, maybe
some Preparation H."

  ""I've got some in my purse. Here," said Lisa handing me a foil wrapped
suppository.

  I unwrapped the foil, placed it at her entrance to her butt hole and shoved it
in a far as my finger would reach.

  "Thanks," said Lisa.

  " Must be some money in these videos." I must admit I had a terrible bout of
curiosity why a stunningly beautiful girl like Lisa would make a gang bang
video.

  "Terry's going to give me $500 when he sells it to a distributor," said Lisa.

  $500 for a video that would be with her the rest of her life, I calculated
that came to $5 a man. I surmised that level of mathematics was beyond Lisa.
Lisa went around and gave me and the other fluffers a hug and kiss as we said
goodbye.

  "You girls were great. I couldn't have done it without you. Oh, Terry's trying
to line up two hundred guys for the next video. I hope you're willing to fluff
for me again."

  My jaw didn't fall off but it was sore as hell the next day. I went back to
work that week happy to report to David that I was going to be inducted into the
Pagan Motorcycle Club of New England as they were officially called.

  "Good news, I'll be initiated a Pagan girl next weekend. I should be able to
track down those stories about Senator Williams after that."

  "I've always heard they initiate the females with a gangbang."

  "I've heard that too." I had not been keeping my boss informed that I was
getting my brains fucked out regularly by any Pagan who asked.

  "And it doesn't bother you?"

  "Anything for the story?" The truth was that fucking was the best part of my
undercover work.

  "Including getting your ass fucked by a dozen greasy bikers possibly carrying
STDs?"

  "If it happens, it happens. I haven't caught anything yet."  I didn't bother
to enlighten him that a dozen would be only the start. How about a gross?

  "Well, maybe you and I better cool it until this is over. I don't want to
bring a dose of the clap home to Denise," said David with a concerned look on
his face.

  "Sure, makes sense. But why don't I go to my doctor after the initiation and
get tested. If I pass, we can still get together for our Wednesday afternoons.
You know how much I look forward to them." I moved my leg between his skinny
thighs and rubbed it against his cock.  I couldn't take a chance that David
might find someone else at the paper willing to fuck for favors. I was willing
to fight for my secondary job as David Smyth's piece of office ass.

  Still it did reflect the simple fact that my boss didn't give a fat fuck what
happened to me as long as I didn't pass any cooties onto his precious wife. I
could spend the weekend sucking cock and getting fucked in my holes until they
bled but protecting Denise was what was really important. In the end, David got
more than he deserved but he certainly deserved something.

  Back at my desk, I was actually looking forward to moving on to the next phase
of my undercover work when I got a call on my cell phone from Kurt.

  "Need a favor, Arlene?"

  "Sure, What?" I was shocked. Kurt was actually asking not taking.

  "Can you get the afternoon off?" Kurt and the rest of the Pagans thought I was
a Customer Service Representative for a big insurance company.

  "Yes, I'm still owed some vacation."

  "All right, I'll meet you at your place. Oh, you need to dress nice. You got a
skirt and blouse."

  "I work for an insurance company."

  "Well, pick out your shortest one and something that shows the tops of your
tits. I'll pick you up at 1:00PM.

  "I told David I had to leave on business and he said fine. In talking to Kurt,
I'd learned not to ask too many questions. That sets well with the Pagans. Just
do what they say and be prepared for anything.

  I rushed home and changed to a short black skirt that was kind of full so it
could be pulled up easily. No use making it difficult for Kurt to get his hands
on me when he decided it was time. I put on a new French cut bra that pushed my
tits up then a bright red top that almost showed the top of my areola. It was
within a millimeter of the pink. The top edge of my butterfly tattoo was
visible. A pair of four inch heels and I was set. My cell phone rang. It was
Kurt telling me he was right out front.

  When I reached the curb there was Kurt in a brand new Lincoln Navigator
dressed in a suit. He'd shaved and had his hair cut and styled. He looked like a
young lawyer. I climbed up in the SUV expecting to hear what this was all about.

  "Here's you new ID. Leave yours in the car." Kurt handed me a New Hampshire
driving license that actually had a picture of me on the front. I recalled he
had made a number of Polaroid's of me two weeks ago. This was one of the few
where I still had my clothes on and wasn't eating out Wanda's pussy.

  The license identified me as Ellen Lambert. I knew that Kurt was Kurt Lambert.

  "We're married or brother and sister." I asked as I studied the license.

  "We don't look enough alike to be brother and sister." I took that to mean
that Kurt had thought it through.

  "Okay, married."

  "Take you pantyhose and panties off. Put them along with your real driver's
license in the console."

  I pulled up my skirt and eased my underwear off."

  "There, see bare pussy."  I showed Kurt my hairless pussy thinking it might
get him to tell me what this was all about. And all this mysterious blather was
getting me turned on. I wanted to fuck.

  "Makes it easier for the guards to search you."

  I was about to explode from curiosity when Kurt filled me in.

  "It's my dad's birthday. He's in the Maximum Security wing at Concord. We're
going to pay him a visit."

  "That's nice." I couldn't think of anything else to say. I had a weird thought
that Kurt was taking me to meet his family as part of building our relationship
toward an eventual marriage. Then I remember that Kurt was a Pagan and he
probably didn't view me as a future wife living in a vine covered cottage.

  "I would have gotten him a present if I had known we were going to see him."

  "You are the present."

  "What?"

  "While I'm talking to him, you get under the table and suck him off. Later,
I'll try to bribe a guard to let him take you in the closet for a fuck."

  "When do we sing Happy Birthday?"

  "You can hum it when your mouth's around his dick." Kurt was always very quick
with a come back when I made some smart-ass remark. He wasn't stupid that's for
sure. If his life had turned in a different direction he could have been a very
successful lawyer or businessman.

  It was an hour's drive to the prison at Concord. It was a new building and
from the outside not as foreboding as I expected. We entered and signed in
through the visitor's entrance. They checked our identification. Kurt and Ellen
Lambert were the son and daughter-in-law of David 'Duke' Lambert.

   After that we separated into separate lines for males and females. There were
small children running everywhere. Some of the women were carrying babies. Young
boys old enough to walk were required to go into the male line. There was a
young mother ahead of me who had two small boys. Mom was wearing a short khaki
skirt and a tank top. She must have been scared because her nipples stuck out
like Bing cherries. She was early twenties with a slim figure and a pretty face.
She told me it was her first visit and she'd brought the boys to see their
daddy.

  "All boys in the other line," said a guard eying her two kids and her.

  She looked terrified and frantic when she found out the boys would have to be
in the line with the men. I guess she pictured them being sodomized when they
were being searched. It must have been her first time because she argued with
the guard.

  "Can't they stay with me? Kyle's only seven and Pete's five."

  "They'll be okay. We don't butt fuck them until they're ten. Too hard to get
your dick in a seven year olds ass." The guard laughed and gave her a pat on the
ass. He let his hand rest there for a minute then gave it a squeeze before he
took it away. He was from the Marquis De Sade's school of sadists and making
young mothers cry gave him a hard on.

  "Are you sure they'll be all right?" The mother was worried and her fears were
being transferred to the boys.

  "How the hell should I know? There could be pedophiles in the other line going
to see their buddies. Either let them go into the other line or get the fuck out
of here and go home," he snarled.

  What an incredibly mean bastard. I pictured him naked and strapped to an
operating table. Nurse Arlene was slowly slicing through his scrotum immensely
enjoying the act of castration without anesthesia.

  The mother whispered something to the boys and the two scared kids went into
the other line.  The mother wasn't done yet.

  "I'd really appreciate it if you'd make sure my boys are all right." Her voice
had a soft willing tone to it that communicated I know what you want and am
willing to bargain. There was another mother bear defending her cubs with her
ass. She was willing to do whatever it took to keep those boys safe. I didn't
know whether to be proud I was a woman and we were genetically capable of making
such sacrifices or to be disgusted at her willingness to trade her body. Ethics
is a difficult topic.

  "Cost you a blowjob," replied the Guard in a low voice.

  "All right, just make sure they're okay," replied the woman who would have
gotten my vote for Mother of the Year. The guard put his hands on the boy's
shoulders and took them into the other line. He said something to one of the
guards about watching out for the boys. Then he whispered something to the guard
and they both laughed and looked at the mother.

  The mother and I locked glances. I smiled as if to say, "what choice did you
have?" The line moved and I passed beyond a curtain into an area where the women
were being searched.  I was surprised to see most of the guards conducting the
search were males. The search was very thorough. A tall black guard whose
nametag read 'Cpl. Lewis Martin' searched me head to toe.

  "Bend over and run your hands through your hair." Cpl. Lewis commanded when I
reached the square I was to stand in directly in front of him. I had once read
that people smuggle drugs into prison in their hair and then comb them out.
Sounds disgusting but prison is that kind of place. I did as I was told.

  "Pull your shirt up." I pulled my shirt up and the Corporal slipped a hand
inside by bra to make sure I wasn't carrying any contraband. He gave each of my
nipples a sharp pinch just to make sure it hurt. I responded with the "ouch" he
needed to hear.

  "Skirt up, turn around and grab your ankles." There was no privacy. People on
both sides of me were being searched and there was a line of women and children
behind me able to watch what was going on. When you enter the prison system you
loose all your rights as a citizen and those family members that visit loose
theirs by association.

  In the next square over, there was what looked to be a ten-year-old girl
undergoing a cavity search. A portly male guard was probing her pussy with a
latex clad finger. He had it far enough in to make you believe she'd lost her
cherry somewhere along the line. Who knows, maybe the guard took it with his
finger on a previous visit. The kid looked like she could die of embarrassment.
The girl must have wanted to see her daddy very badly to let a prison guard
stick a gloved hand in her cunt in front of a crowd of other people.

   The Corporal took his time fishing around inside my vagina. He was tall and
skinny and he was intent on making sure my cunt was contraband free. He gave me
what I guess was a complement.

  "Big muscles in that coochie, you must fuck a lot."

  "Every chance I get. My boy friend's got nine inches and his daddy's ten. How
big is yours?" I'm never going to learn to control my smart mouth, never
challenge the system. The system is designed to keep you down and that's final.

  "Since you're so mouthy, I'll need to check your butt. Spread you legs wider
and grab your cheeks" Reluctantly, I assumed the position. I felt a cold
lubricant being squirted on my ass then a finger slip inside my rectum. It
probed me as far as it would go then pulled out." It's about the maximum
degradation you can experience in the world of cavity searches to have someone
give you a finger wave while twenty people are watching. I was bent over with my
head down at my ankles and my skirt thrown up on my back. I could see everyone
watching the guard working his second finger in and out my asshole.

  "Tight ass too, nothing in the fanny. Grab a tissue and wipe your crack,
you're done." I pulled a tissue out of the dispenser ran it down the crack of my
ass then tossed it into the trash. A couple more steps and I rejoined Kurt. My
conversation with him surprised me.

  "Was your ass clean?" I asked.

  "What are you talking about?"

  "Did they find anything when they searched your body cavity?"

  "They only do that to the women. All we have to do is empty our pockets and
pass through a metal detector."

   How's that for a sexist approach to prison security? Maybe it's just a lot
more entertaining to stick your fingers inside female visitors.

  A bell rang, a big metal double door opened and we visitors flooded into what
I supposed was the prison cafeteria doubling as the visitor's area. Kurt had me
by the hand and he walked me back to a table along the far wall where an older
man and a younger man sat together. Kurt's dad was one mean looking fellow. He
had iron gray hair and the body of an NFL linebacker. The younger man was just
the opposite. He looked like one of those Calvin Klein underwear models. Heroin
chic is what they call his look. When we got there Kurt immediately sat down.
There was no handshake or hug. Kurt started right in.

  "How you doing, Daddy?"

  "Well as can be expected in this shit hole, where's your brother?"

  "He had some business to take care of. He told me to tell you he'll come next
time for sure."

  "Who's the whore?"

  "This is Arlene. She's for you."

  "Happy Birthday, Mr. Lambert," I chimed in my sweetest voice, "Kurt's told me
so much about you. I've been looking forward to meeting you."

  "I hope she suck's dick better than the last one," responded Mr. Lambert as a
greeting.

  At that moment, the young Calvin Klein sitting right beside Kurt's dad spoke
up.

  "If you let that filthy whore put her mouth on you, I'll never touch it
again." He gave me a malicious look like I was his worst nightmare.

  "Calm down, Gerald, you know you're special to me. But a man needs a little
variety. Besides my boy brought her as a present." Mr. Lambert put his hand on
Gerald's as gesture of good will.

  "You need underwear and socks, not a blowjob from some disease ridden slut."

  I wanted to say I was a quite healthy slut but why waste your breath. Gerald,
I gathered, was Mr. Lambert's prison wife and a possessive one at that. He was
slender and not bad looking. You have to understand that this strange
conversation took place in a scene from hell as drawn by Hieronymous Bosch. I'll
try to describe it. The room was the size of half a football field and crowded
with dining tables that were bolted to the floor. On the perimeter, there was a
grated catwalk about twelve feet up the wall and a dozen or more prison guards
armed with shotguns monitoring the situation below. Each table had one or two
prisoners sitting with family and friends. Children were everywhere, yelling,
running around and ducking under tables.  Here's the odd part. Many of the wives
or girlfriends were already under the table giving their man a blowjob.

  I glanced at the adjacent table. The male prisoner was seated holding a baby
in his arms. Across the picnic style table were his son and daughter who looked
to be pre-teen. They were talking to the man I assumed was their father about
something. But Mom was underneath the table sucking Dad's cock. Both of the kids
were occasionally glancing downward to see how Mom was doing. Outside of the
fact that Mom was providing Dad a blowjob right there in front of their kids and
two hundred strangers, it had a familial look to it. I sort of pictured the
conversation in my mind.

  "So, how's school?" asked Dad.

  "I made an A in Geography," replied Son.

  "That's wonderful. Geography was one of my best subjects. That's how I could
make such great getaways except for that time when I got caught in traffic. How
you doing in school, sweetheart?"

  "My teacher said I could be an angel in the school Christmas play," said
Daughter.

  "What's the name of the play, angel. Oh that's good, Mabel, suck that cock.
You kids should be real proud of the way, your mommy can suck daddy's dick."

  Afterwards, I figured all this out. Prisons are rife with AIDS and other
diseases. Medical care, condoms, and education about STDs are almost
non-existent. A prisoner gets one ninety-minute visit a month. When the family
arrives, the female gets her man off quickly. If he's able, she does him again
toward the end of the ninety minutes. Some wives actually get fucked under the
table. They just back their rear up to the man while he sits there. He scoots
down to where he can get it in and she fucks him. If you try to do anything on
top of the table, the guards stop it and kick the family out.

  Kurt explained to me later that there's also the phenomenon of weak men with
young pretty wives. Tougher prisoners threaten them that unless they share their
wife next visitor's day, the wife will be visiting them in the prison hospital.
I witnessed a few men stand up and escort their female visitor over to another
table where the wife ducked quickly under the table. The guy would sit down and
wait until his bride sucked Mr. Vicious off. Then the two of them would return
to their table and resume their conversation. Prison is not for the meek.

  "Get to it," said Mr. Lambert to me as he leaned back and unzipped his pants.

  I went under the table as directed and crawled over to where I was between Mr.
Lambert's legs. I remembered thinking his cock resembled Kurt's as I gave the
tip a lick. Since this coming weekend, Kurt had said I could become a Pagan; the
last thing I wanted to do was make him angry. I focused my energy on providing
his dad a first class blowjob. I was sucking him deeper and deeper into my
throat when a voice practically in my ear announced, "You're doing it all wrong,
that's not what he likes."

  My initial thought was, "If he doesn't like it, why is he on the verge of
providing me a mouthful of jism." I took my mouth off Mr. Lambert's cock to
hiss, "go away" to Gerald. He had slipped under the table to watch me. Hs face
was about three inches from mine. All of a sudden a large hand appeared and
grabbed Gerald's ear. The hand pulled him back into his seat.

  "Get your butt up here and let her work," said Mr. Lambert.

  "I hope you get the clap. She looks diseased."

  "You shut the fuck up. You're embarrassing me in front of my boy."

  Gerald quieted down and I went back to work. It wasn't thirty seconds before I
felt another hand touch my shoulder. I had almost succeeded in getting Kurt's
dad to pop and I wasn't happy with another interruption. When I glanced angrily
toward the hand, I saw a young wide-eyed five-year-old girl watching me. Her
large expressive eyes were looking intently at me while she sucked on her own
hand. She was pretty. She looked Latino with black curly hair and olive skin.
She was wearing a little dress and smelled like she could use a bath. God, this
was cock sucking under stress. I turned around and ignored the child wondering
whether I was traumatizing her for life or just showing her something she viewed
every day and felt she should master for future use.

  A person with my experience sucking dick knows when the guy is about to mail
you his load. I decided to give Kurt's dad my best Las Vegas finish if for no
other reason than to put Gerald in his place. As I felt the first splash of cum
hit the back of my mouth, I did my special thing that empties a guy's cum
reservoir to where it's not only empty but a vacuum. I heard Mr. Lambert making
noises that indicated he was pleased.

  "Oh yea, man, this bitch has talent."

  "Yea, Arlene's pretty good," said Kurt accepting the compliment meant for me.

  That was perhaps one of the two compliments I ever received from Kurt. I came
up wiping my mouth with the back of my hand. Gerald was obviously sulking and
refusing to look in my direction. I guess being a prison wife isn't all that
great on visitor's day.

  "Has Serge fucked her?" Mr. Lambert asked Kurt. I wanted to raise my hand and
say, "The name is Arlene and I'm a person not a thing," but frankly that would
have been a bad idea.

  "Yes, he's screwed her."

  "She's a lot better that that skinny nigger he brought last time."

  Wanda must not have passed muster. Now there was a genuine complement that a
girl could crochet onto her pillowcase. But today, I was being smart. I just
kept my mouth shut and smiled.

  "I'm feeling generous today," said Mr. Lambert, "Girl, Arlene is it, you see
that old man over there talking to the lady in the dress.

  I looked in the direction he pointed. There was an older couple seated two
tables away. They were ignoring the sex and chaos around them. They were holding
hands on top of the table and talking calmly.

  "Yes, the one where the ladies in a green dress?"

  "Yea, that's Charlie Myers, he was one of founders of the New England chapter
of the Pagans. Go over there and suck him off. Tell him it's a present from Duke
Lambert."

  I got up thinking, "oh my God, his wife will have a fit."

  When I got there, I guessed they were in there sixties. Charlie was holding
his wife's hand in both of his. Actually they looked pretty sweet. I felt awful
about what I was about to do.

  "Excuse me, Mr. Myers, My name's Arlene, I'm sorry to interrupt. Duke Lambert
sent me over here to ask if I could suck your cock?"

  "Katherine, do you mind?" It was my first experience of a man asking his wife
if he could get a blowjob.

  "No, go ahead, as long as it saves me from getting under there. You know my
knees hurt like the dickens when they're on that concrete floor."

  "Go to it, miss," said Charlie.

  I slipped under the table as Charlie unbuckled his belt, unsnapped and
unzipped then pushed his pants and boxer shorts down. I took it in my mouth and
started to gently suck what seemed to be a very old dick. Old or not, it showed
good signs of life. I caught a few snatches of their conversation and that got
very interesting.

  "It was awfully nice of Duke to send her over," said Charlie.

  "Didn't he take over the Pagans after you were sent here?"

  "There were several club presidents between me and Duke, none of which were
worth a shit until Duke was elected."

  "Who's President now?"

  "Brady Summers, he owns a chain of nude dancing clubs. Brady's done very well
by the Pagans. He's politically connected."

  "You mean there's a politician that's not afraid to come within a mile of the
Pagans."

  "Yep, although it's kept very quiet, the Pagans and the Amazons are tight with
the new Senator from Massachusetts."

  "Candace Williams, the one who just got elected to Ted Kennedy's seat."

  "That's the one."

  "That's hard to believe. She's always on television with her husband and
daughter. She's beautiful herself but she also has the cutest little girl. They
say she might run for President soon."

  "I know. You hear things about her that surprise you."

  "Such as?"

  "I know this sounds crazy but I've heard Brady's afraid of her. Rhonda Powers,
the Amazon President, is devoted to Williams. Supposedly, Rhonda treats her like
a goddess. The Amazons provide her security staff, money, muscle, and spies,
whatever she needs. They say when she was first trying to get elected; the
opposition sent some leg breakers to disrupt one of her rallies. The Amazon
grabbed them before they got there and beat the living shit out of them. Nobody
messed with Senator Williams after that."

  "Why hasn't any of this come out in the press?"

  "The Senator has friends in high places, lots of them."

  "Why would Brady Summers be afraid of her?"

  "Don't know for sure. It's said Candace Williams can snap the neck of the
three hundred pound man like it was a twig. They say she moves faster than any
human alive. There's even a rumor she's slept with the devil and has sex with
this soldier that was mutilated during the war but has a giant cock covered with
burn scars."

  "What ridiculous nonsense? I never thought I hear such superstitious claptrap
from the Pagans. Next thing you know you'll tell me you believe in the Easter
Bunny. How's that girl doing?"

  "Good, Duke knows how to pick them. Of course, she's not got as hot a mouth as
you did, Katherine."

  "That's sweet of you to say so but youth has its advantages. My old knees
appreciate Mr. Lambert sending her over. Is she doing it the way you like, lots
of ball action?"

  "Right as rain, I'm going to let her take her time but I'll pop for sure in a
minute.     Remember the first time you gave me a blowjob?"

  "I certainly do. It was at a Labor Day rally held at the Topsfield
Fairgrounds. Murray tied me on the back of his bike and offered me to the club.
I'd pissed him off. You were the eleventh Pagan who screwed me that day. I think
I did fifty more before the sun went down. My cunt and ass were gaped open and
bleeding when it was over. Murray took me back to his trailer and beat the shit
out of me with a coat hanger I was in the hospital for a week."

  "Murray Welch, there was a real bastard. I enjoyed listening to him squeal
when I cut his nuts off."

  Since their walk down memory lane had veered away from Candace Williams, I
concentrated on getting Charlie to spray my mouth. Right before, Charlie was
ready to shoot, Katherine poked her head under the table and made a request.

  "Arlene, if you don't mind, please don't swallow Charlie's spunk. Hop up here
when you're done and give me a snowball."

  "You don't have to do that Katherine," I heard Charlie say.

  "It's a wife's duty to swallow her husband's spunk even if another woman blows
him."

  In a few moments, I had a mouthful of Charlie Myers's special formula. I
carefully climbed up beside Katherine who gave me a nice open mouth kiss. I
pushed all the saliva and sperm out of my mouth into hers. We swirled tongues to
mix things properly then she sucked all the spit and sperm out of my mouth and
swallowed.

  Katherine reached into her purse and handed me a tissue. Katherine might not
have been a spring chicken and she resembled Aunt Bee on The Andy Griffin Show
but you could tell she would have liked for the two of us to strip naked and get
into some serious rug munching. But she knew it wasn't the time or place.

  "Tell Duke thanks," said Charlie as I got up to leave.

  "Such a nice girl," commented Charlie's wife as I left.

  When I got back I told Mr. Lambert that Mr. Myers sent his thanks. Mr. Lambert
made some type of noise acknowledging my return. Then he said something that
surprised me.

  "Gerald, you want a piece of her?"

  "She's a disgusting, disease ridden trollop, I wouldn't fuck her with your
son's dick."

  "Listen, if you want you can drop your chicken act for the moment and screw
her. It's my birthday and I want you to share it with me."

  "You really mean that?"

  "Yes, in here day in, day out, you and I are a couple but today if you want
some, take it, I won't say a word, far as we're concerned it never happened."

  "Can I take her over there behind the curtain?"

  "Yea, you loosen her up for me. I'll join you in a minute and we'll both do
her together, like dad and son."

  Doesn't that sound sweet? I was going to be a fuck toy for Duke Lambert and
his chicken. Talk about being treated as furniture, no you don't treat furniture
like that. Gerald stood up. I followed along behind. Nearby was the space
allocated to intercourse provided you paid off the guards.  There were curtains
surrounding three sides and a wall behind. If you looked up, there was the
grated catwalk. When I was on my back being fucked I could see a guard standing
looking down at me. It cost Kurt $500 for me to go in that space.

  There was a dirty mattress lying on top of a small bed. Gerald had dropped the
prison wife act. I guess he was just a regular guy who traded on his good looks
and slight frame to latch onto an animal like Duke Lambert for protection. Being
in some kind of relationship with Duke reduced his chance for contracting AIDS
and meant that he didn't have to be terrified if he dropped the soap in the
shower. I was feeling empathetic when we slipped behind the curtain.

  "I was checked for STD's a week ago and I'm clean." That was a lie of course.
He probably thought I was a hooker and getting regular STD tests was job
related.

  "Good, I just want a quick half and half."

  I sucked Gerald hard and put extra effort into fucking him.  Although he
seemed to be conflicted about heterosexual sex, I gathered he did enjoy it when
he released a load of warm semen in me. We lay quietly together a moment then he
leaned over and gave me a quick kiss on the cheek right before Duke entered.

  "You got her loosened up?"

  "Just her pussy, not her ass."

  "You take her mouth, I'll go in her hole. Get up girl, I'm getting on bottom."

  So I assumed the cowgirl position with Duke underneath me. Gerald was kneeling
at the top with his legs straddling Duke's head so I could suck him. Ever so
often, Duke would reach up, pull Gerald's cock out of my mouth and suck it
himself. We shared cock-sucking duties.  After a while, Duke ordered a change.

  "Put it in her ass. I want to feel your dick inside her right beside mine.
Kurt and I used to do that to his mother." I guess there was a possible
explanation why Kurt was a psychopathic killer. I never got the nerve to ask
Kurt about his mother. I probably would not have lived through the answer.

  Gerald lubricated me with something he had in his pocket. I suppose a smart
prison wife always carries a supply of butt grease. Gerald mounted me and for
the next few minutes I enjoyed the pleasure of double penetration. I finished
with sperm oozing out of both my holes. When we got back to Kurt, he was talking
to a big burly black man. This guy was close to seven feel tall and must have
weighed over 300 pounds. As I arrived he announced my next assignment.

  "All right, Aaron, you can do her."

  Aaron didn't say a word to me, just put his hand on my shoulder and marched me
right back behind the curtains. He dropped his prison pants revealing the
largest cock I'd ever seen. I didn't have a way to measure it and wasn't
inclined to ask but Aaron spoke up.

  "Bet a skinny white bitch like you never seen a nigger this big?"

  "No, it's the biggest." It looked like a fire hose. It was cold black and
looked more like a weapon than something used for making love.

  "Well start sucking, ho, we ain't got all day."

  "I could work the head in my mouth and that was all. It was a lick job not a
suck job. I played with Aaron's nuts and stroked the shaft while I worked on the
head. It got long and very hard quickly.

  "Look at it and be afraid, cunt, I've crippled sluts like you before, sent
them off to the doctor to have their coochie sewed up, Fifteen inches long and
eight inches around, I'm going to split you like a log. I make skinny little
white whores like you bleed."

  Aaron was definitely not the soft romantic type. He tumbled me on my back and
pushed several fingers in my pussy painfully forcing it open. Next he grabbed my
labia minor and pulled them apart. I thought he was attempting to rip them off.
He looked in my hole than spit directly in it. I suppose that was his version of
foreplay because next he mounted me.

  I would have preferred dog style. I consider that best for accommodating large
objects in your body cavities but Aaron was calling the shots and he opted for
missionary. I looked up to see there were four guards standing on the catwalk
grate looking at Aaron and me. Thank God my orifices were lubricated by previous
fucks.

  Aaron worked the head into my opening causing me considerable pressure and
some pain. My feet were kicking the air attempting to find a position that would
allow me to accommodate his humongous cock. I was grunting and whispering "take
it easy" as he positioned himself. I suspected that causing me pain was what
turned him on.  Prison is not where you find the sensitive caring types.

  When the head of his dick was just inside my opening, I saw him look up at the
guards and give a thumb up sign. He gripped the top of my shoulders in his huge
hands and shoved it into me all at once. Several flashes popped in front of my
eyes. The guards were using camera with flash attachments to take pictures. I
felt every inch of that giant cock as it traveled along my birth canal to a
point that seemed a couple of inches above my navel. I stuffed my hand in my
mouth to keep from screaming. I almost passed out from the pain. 

  Aaron kept stroking and it slowly went from a feeling of a red-hot poker in my
cunt to a throbbing pain. Size does matter or at least it did in Aaron's case. 
After about twenty strokes it started to actually feel good. Like most women,
most of my orgasms were clitoral but this was something else. As Aaron's big
cock pumped me, it was like he was sensitizing the entire length of my vagina.
Size really did matter at least at a certain point. I remember thinking how full
I felt. I concentrated all my keggle and Tantric training and got myself off in
what I call a "Ground Zero" climax. The mushroom cloud wafted up toward those
bastard guards on the catwalk. I had reached an orgasm in the state penitentiary
and I was female. That turned out to be a mistake.

  "You cum, bitch?" demanded Aaron. Given that it was a very obvious cum, I
wondered if that was a rarity for women impaled on Aaron's staff.

  "Yea, it's great. I've never had one that large." I rose up and French kissed
his lips to show I was pleased. Actually. I was very pleased.

  "You fucking white whore, you pile of slut shit, you not the nerve to
disrespect me that way. I'll show you who's in charge." He was very angry with
me and I had no idea why. I figured that out later. The idea of enjoying what
Aaron did to me was strictly anathema.

  He grabbed me by my nipples and pulled me up off the mattress by them and
shook me from side to side. It was my first time that anyone had ever picked me
up by my buds and it hurt like hell. I clamped my teeth together to keep from
screaming. I wasn't in the kind of place that anyone would come to my help.
They'd probably beat the living shit out of me for causing a disturbance.

  Aaron rolled me over pulled me into the doggie position. I panicked when I
realized he planned to insert that monster in my ass.

  "Put it in my pussy, Aaron," I begged, "You're too big for anal."

  "Let's see if your white ass can cum with my Johnson in your poop hole."

  "Poop Hole" surprised me and I almost laughed, Good thing I didn't, that might
have been my last laugh.

  "Have you got any lube? At least, spit on my ass," I implored.

  Making those statements was a waste of breath. Thanks to Gerald, I was
lubricated enough for Aaron to slip past my anal ring without too much pain. I
looked up and the number of guards had grown to half a dozen. It would have been
a good time for an escape since most of the guards were watching Aaron screw me
in the ass. The guards were all giving Aaron the thumbs up sign. I was
desperately trying to squirm away but he was holding me so tightly I couldn't
move. It would be weeks before the bruises went away. Aaron pushed forward and
it moved a few painful inches into my rectum. I inhaled what felt like all the
air in New Hampshire trying to control the pain. Camera flashes were once again
blinding me. I felt his huge hands clamp down on my shoulders as he shoved
himself further into my bowels. He grabbed a handful of my hair in one hand and
pulled my head back to where I thought my neck would break. He repositioned the
head of his cock right inside my brown hole then shoved forward hard. It went
deeper this time. He repeated he process getting father inside my intestines
each time.

  "Let's see you get off this time, white bitch," whispered Aaron in my ear as
he grabbed my breast in one hand and crushed it. His hand engulfed my boob and
clamped down like he was trying to crush a walnut. But that was only part of the
pain he was causing me.

  His cock in my ass made it feel like someone was repositioning my organs
inside my body. I managed to live through several more of the pull back, shove
harder, and go deeper sequence. My teeth were biting down on the top corner of
the mattress to keep from screaming. Finally, after a shove that seemed like it
was going to dislocate my shoulder and break my neck (and possibly leave me
bald) I felt his balls slap against the lips of my pussy. I'd taken it all. I
still felt like there was something inside my gastrointestinal tract that was on
the verge of bursting. There were flashbulbs going off every few seconds so I
kept my eyes closed.

  "You still having a good time, ho?" asked Aaron. I hadn't suspected he was
capable of irony.

  Aaron began to slowly pound away as I clinched the mattress and chewed on the
edge to stifle my shrieks. I prayed to Jesus to make Aaron cum in my ass quickly
and he answered my prayers. Aaron climaxed and fell forward crushing me on the
mattress. He lay there a minute feeling his cock get soft and slowly retract
from my asshole. At some point, he jumped up and left without saying a word.

  "Look at her A-hole, you could stick your fist in it," was something I heard
one of the guards up on the catwalk say as he captured the image of my wide-open
asshole for posterity.

  I slowly got to my feet. I brushed my hair back into place with my fingers. I
pushed my skirt down and shoved my tits back inside my top. Exiting the
visitor's area love nook, I walked stiff legged out from behind the curtain.
Every eye in the place was looking at me. I smiled and attempted to walk
normally over to Kurt and sit down. When I did manage to sit down, I realized
there was something wet between my legs. I pulled a couple of napkins out of the
dispenser and discretely wiped between my legs. When I looked at the napkin, it
was bloody. I almost panicked thinking I was hemorrhaging. I grabbed some more
napkins and wiped again, very little blood this time. I said a prayer to Jesus
thanking him that Aaron had not ruptured my insides causing me to bleed to
death."

  "You all right?" said Kurt expressing his concern. He probably didn't want to
have to carry me to the car and drive me to an emergency room. Before I could
answer, a bell sounded signifying visitation was ended. I said goodbye to Gerald
and Duke and followed Kurt out of the dining hall.

  When we reached the place where we were searched, two guards stopped us. They
whispered something in Kurt's ear. He nodded yes then spoke to me.

  "They want some pictures of you. It'll only take a few minutes. I'll be
outside."

  Prison is a place where guards have all the power. Swapping sex for certain
privileges is commonplace. Daddy possibly got to use the pay phone a couple of
extra times or more time in yard. I had just been swapped for something. I never
found out what.

   I followed a guard into an office area where there was an old leather couch.
There was a camera set up on a tripod.

  "I'll give you a minute to fix your hair and make-up," said a guard as he
started to fuss with the camera. He pointed me toward a small bathroom.

  On the other side of the room were the mother and her two young sons I'd been
behind when I arrived. Mom was now making payment to the guard for insuring that
her boys weren't molested. The boys were standing right beside their mother who
was kneeling in front of the seated guard. His trousers and boxers were down
around his knees and Mom was making love with her mouth to the guard's fat cock.
The boys were looking wide-eyed at Mom as she performed a very credible blowjob.
They'd probably just witnessed her doing the same thing to their daddy.

  Another guard came up, lifted Mom's skirt and pulled her panty crotch to one
side. I heard the seated guard explain the presence of the second guard to Mom.

  "Ed's the one that watched your boys go through the search. I told him he
could have a piece."

  Mom didn't say a word. What the hell was she going to do about it anyhow? I
watched as she shifted her legs slightly to accommodate the second cock. The
guard knelt behind her as he unzipped and pulled it out. He stroked himself as
he got into position and worked his prick inside Mom's opening. I could hear his
conversation with her boys.

  "What's your name, young fellow?" asked the guard as he started the old in and
out inside their Mom.

  "I'm Kyle, he's Pete," spoke the older brother.

  "Well, boys, do you ever get to watch Mom and Daddy fuck?"

  "No, but we just watched Mommy do that to Daddy," said the older boy holding
tight to his brother's hand.

  "Well, come closer and see how my cock slips in her pussy, she's nice and wet
like a street whore." The guard pulled one of her ass cheeks apart so the boys
could get a good look. Obviously, the guard got his rocks off humiliating
mothers of small children.

  "Let me see," said the younger boy leaning in to get a close-up of the guard's
cock slipping in and out Mom's hole. Children are naturally curious. I could see
from across the room, the guard's cock was glistening with wetness. He was
pumping away inside Mom who was working hard to get the guard in her mouth to
drop his load.  The guard pulled the younger boy to where he was on the other
side. Both boys were able to look down and see Mom taking a hard one.

  "That's her asshole, look at the way, it's open, I bet your Momma's been butt
fucked before, you boys put a finger in your momma's butt, she'll like that."

  I heard Mom mumble something in protest. It sounded like she was begging them
to leave the boys alone.

  "Shut the fuck up, every boy wants to fuck his Momma in the ass," said the
guard as he took the youngest boys hand and placed it on Mother's asshole.

  "Kyle, lick your finger and stick it in Momma's asshole. You too, Pete, Mommy
likes to have a finger in her ass, don't you Mommy?" said the guard taking the
other boys hand and placing it on Mom's butt. I guess they did as instructed.
The guard picked up his pace.

  "Now, pull it open so we can see inside," instructed the guard. I heard more
muffled protests from Mom. Keep in mind, she had a cock in her mouth and that
makes articulation difficult.

  The kneeling guard fucked away a few minutes then went into overdrive and
dumped his load. He wasn't finished humiliating the Mom.

  Look at that. See all that spunk dripping out of her pussy. Your Mom's a first
class whore. I bet before long, she'll let you fill her with your spunk," said
the guard as he rose to his feet. The seated guard placed one hand on each side
of Mom's head and announced he was ready to pop.

  "You swallow every drop, cunt."

  The seated guard yelled something else and unloaded in her mouth.

  "Kyle, Pete, look at Mom swallowing the Corporal's spunk, your Mom's a real
cocksucker," said the guard as he zipped his pants and straightened his uniform.

  Mom slowly stood up, wiped her mouth with the back of her hand, took the boys
small hands in hers and walked out. As she passed me, I could see her eyes were
full of tears. As far as humiliation and degradation were concerned, those two
guards were masters. I doubt Mom ever thought of herself in quite the same way
after that day.

  "Get busy, cunt, I haven't got all day," commanded the photographer who like
me had taken a break to watch the action across the room.

  I repaired my make-up and combed my hair using the brush and comb in my
handbag. The photographer guard finished making his camera adjustments. He came
forward and had me pose in a half dozen positions both seated and lying on the
couch. He called the poses he wanted 'glamour' shots. I think 'slut' shots was
more accurate. One was of me with my legs crossed so you could see my pussy.
When he had taken all the glamour shots, he issued a new round of instructions.

  "Take your top off."

  After I removed my top and bra, he took another series of photos. Next it was
"get naked" for another round including several spread pussy and ass shots. He
reloaded the camera with fresh film a half dozen times. I remember sitting on
the back of the couch with my legs spread to where my muscles hurt and my hands
holding my labia part so he could get a good shot of my clitoris. He made me
play with so it stuck out. My vagina was still gaped open thanks to Aaron's
superdick.

  He handed me several dildos and a butt plug and directed me to insert them in
my holes. That was the last roll of film. The last shot was of me on my back,
feet raised toward the ceiling and my twat and ass facing the camera. My anus
was spread around a sizeable butt plug and I was forcing a long thick black
latex cock into my pussy. I was faking a look of extreme pleasure. I wouldn't
classify that shot as 'artistic."

  I heard him hit the rewind on the film and thought I was finished. But when I
stood up to dress, he spoke,  "You got me worked up. I need a quick piece of
ass."

  I wasn't in a position to say 'no'. He produced a condom from somewhere, tore
it open with his teeth, rolled it on his hard cock. He walked over to me and
said, 'dog style.' I assumed the position.

  He pushed in me and started to fuck away. I grunted each time he went inside.

  "That big nigger really stretched you out," commented the guard-photographer
as she pumped me.

  I focused my keggle muscles and squeezed his cock and reached back between my
legs to play with his balls. I was only interested in getting him off and
getting out of there. I was afraid that Kurt would leave me and I'd have to
hitch hike home. I pictured myself at the truck stop trying to trade my pussy
for a ride up I-93. Fortunately, playing with his nuts got him off. He pulled
out of me giving me a celebratory hard slap on my ass. God how I hoped that
today was over.

  I dressed quickly. When I went to leave, the photographer walked over to me
and slipped something cold and slimy inside my bra. I started to reach in and
pull it out but he grabbed my hand.

  "Just leave it there, slut. When you get home, you can take it out and eat it
for dessert."

  I decided to leave it, as I wanted to get out of that hellhole as quick as
possible. When I did get home, I discovered it was a tied off condom full of his
semen. I skipped dessert that night.

  I was exhausted by the time that I reached the parking lot and climbed into
the Navigator. Kurt was listing to Bruce Springsteen, his favorite.

  "Certainly took long enough, I've been waiting an hour," said Kurt in his
pissed off voice.

  "They kept taking spread beaver shots. He must have burned ten rolls of film.
I couldn't leave till they said so. He also fucked me."

  "What were you expecting, a love poem?"

  Kurt didn't say another word to me as we drove back to my apartment. Finally,
as he let me out at the curb, he spoke."

  "See you Friday at The Sidecar, be on time."

  I hobbled upstairs, ran a bath of warm water and gingerly lowered myself down.
As I lay there, I realized I had four days to heal up and get ready to become an
official Pagan girl.




Chapter 29 - Arlene Part 8



Please take note! Adults Only Literature

The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written for
adults only.

If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing this
file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
now.

This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
is purely coincidental, etc.

Email HarryBerg01@aol.com with your comments.

Copyright 2003

                                                                ****

Section 7 - Initiation at the Girl Scout Camp



  "I need a break," I whined as another Pagan mounted me. The last guy had taken
me anally and spent what seemed like forever pounding his cock into my
rubbed-raw asshole. When he finished, he pissed in my butt to amuse himself. Cum
and piss were dribbling out by asshole onto the mattress. That further irritated
my chaffed rectal tissue. Of course, I wasn't going to get a one, a break that
is.

  "Shut up, cunt," said the Pagan as he delivered a ringing slap across my face.
He grabbed my tender nipples between his thumb and forefinger; dug his black
edged cracked thumbnails into my flesh and pressed down hard. I writhed in agony
as he twisted my buds back and forth. I suppose that was his idea of foreplay.

  But then I got lucky. He put it in my pussy; still it felt like I was being
screwed with a sandpaper dildo.

  I'd lost count of how many men had climbed between my legs and slipped their
cock into the orifice of their choice. Along with five other female initiates, I
was laying on a mattress on the floor of a small cabin that the Pagans had
dubbed "The Love Shack." I think there was a song by that name a few years back.
What was happening in that place on that night exemplified the Pagans approach
to love and romance.

  The other three girls who I knew from the Side Car weren't in any better
shape. The two younger girls, Doris and Gina, hadn't made a sound, not even a
moan, in an hour. They were just lying there on their backs passed out with
their legs spread. You could stick your fist in their pussies and assholes they
were so stretched out. Both Doris and Gina were being butt fucked by a couple of
greasy, dirty, drunk out-of-their-minds Pagans who were having a difficult time
keeping their cock from slipping out of the girl's assholes.  There were
periodic exclamations of "shit" and fuck" that meant they had slipped out once
more. The guys fucking them were too drunk to cum but they wouldn't give up and
call it a night. It was past two in the morning and we'd been fucked
continuously since 8:00PM. My cunt and asshole were throbbing. My jaw felt like
it was dislocated and my throat was sore from cock being forced into my gullet.
Even my ears hurt where they'd been used as handles for fucking my face. I also
felt bloated from having swallowed enough cum and piss to fill a mop bucket.
Several of the after midnight crowd had either pissed all over us or made us
serve as a receptacle when they emptied their beer-swollen bladders.

  Janet, the forty year old, and the third member known to me from The Side Car,
was still awake. The guy screwing her kept making her open her mouth so he could
spit in it. I'd never understood what motivated Janet to want to become a Pagan.
She had a successful civil law practice with offices both in Manchester and
Boston. She drove a nice convertible Mercedes-Benz 500SL and had one of the most
expensive Harley's of all the Pagans. I suppose money had nothing to do with why
Janet had agreed to lie on her back while some troglodyte amused himself by
slowly drooling spit into her mouth as he fucked her well-used pussy.

   A couple of years back, Janet's hubby had run off with one of the twenty
something paralegals that worked in their office. With the husband gone and
their only son in Princeton, Janet decided to forgo the good life, as she knew
it and go over to the dark side. I heard her partner bringing the contents of
his esophagus and throat up to the launch position then giving Janet her
instructions. I couldn't see her but I could hear them talking.

  "Open your mouth, Janet, this one's got body."

  "Don't make me swallow that," whined Janet. But there was something in her
voice that made me think she wanted to be forced to gulp down more sputum. I'm
pretty hardcore by anybody's standards but the joy of swallowing someone else's
spit is something I just don't understand.

  "Open wide, bitch, you're going to be able to chew this one."

  I heard Janet make a little yelp of pain. Apparently her partner was being
persuasive, probably compressing one of her nipples to paper thinness. When you
have money and means and you still choose to subject yourself to that sort of
treatment, you need to find a good therapist.  Something in your psyche needs
repair.

  I heard the sounds of someone spitting.

  "Tasty, wasn't it? You swallowed that right down. I'll bring up another one up
for you, a lunger this time."

  The guys who come last to a gangbang aren't the ones with normal sexual
desires. They are the bottom feeders, the dregs that like pig play. The last guy
had insisted I suck and lick his armpits as he fucked me. I shouldn't complain.
He'd done the same for me and my deodorant had failed hours ago. It was hot in
The Love Shack and humid as the Everglades in August. The smell of cum, cunt,
and piss assaulted your nostrils. You could taste the air and it had the flavor
of a well-fucked pussy that had been pissed in.

   Normal guys aren't interested in sloppy seconds. Earlier in the evening, we'd
kept a roll of toilet paper around to swab out our cunts between fucks but these
after midnight guys preferred a loose slime filled hole. The floor was littered
with wads of toilet paper glued together with what you wiped out of your pussy
after a biker had dropped his load.

  Somehow in spite of the filth and depravity or maybe because of it, I was into
it. I'd been gangbanged a few times since I agreed to go undercover as a Pagan
but this was on a different scale. A girl who's been initiated in The Love Shack
has a different view of herself the next day. For one thing, your self-esteem is
off the charts. You've done something that few other women would have the guts
to try. You've reduced sex to its most elemental. You've gone to a place that
few have and come back. You're different somehow.

  The Pagan who had just mounted me was something out of a nightmare for a
girl's first blind date. When he grabbed my legs and put them on his shoulders,
he displayed a set of teeth that hadn't seen a dental hygienist since he was in
grammar school. Almost every tooth between the top bicuspids was missing. There
were also gaps through the upper and lower molars. The remainder was covered
with green slime and black spots. His breath smelled like he had eaten a plate
of rotten human flesh for dinner.  His face was heavily pockmarked with the kind
of acne scars that you usually find in medical textbooks. His forehead was
decorated with pustules that you'd expect on a fourteen-year-old boy whose
sebaceous glands were working overtime. If he'd ever wash that greasy mop of
hair hanging down over his face, his complexion problem might have improved but
then again, why mess with perfection.

  Someone had damaged one of his eyes leaving it a solid milky white with no
iris. The other eye was normal, a little bloodshot. I concentrated on looking
into the good eye as we fucked. Add to that, his fingernails were black as coal;
and his hair hadn't been washed since the last time he was out in the rain. When
I put a hand on the back of his neck you could feel large bumps. The only things
he lacked to make him perfect were running sores. You now have a good picture of
the man whose cock was invading my rubbed raw vagina.

  Pleasant or not, I decided to act like a true Pagan female and not
discriminate against the downright disgusting. I wrapped my arms and legs around
Mr. Wonderful and pulled him in tight for a tongue kiss. He stuck his tongue in
my mouth and I sucked slowly on it as I massaged his skinny butt cheeks. My arms
are long and he was a small guy so I managed to get my fingers onto his crusty
asshole and pushed a digit inside his ring. He emitted an appreciate grunt that
allowed me to savor the full aroma of his breath.

  I surprised myself by finding the energy to hump my pussy up against him and
squeezing my cunt muscles around his skinny dick. There was only one way to deal
with total human depravity and that is to revel in it. I decided he needed some
verbal encouragement.

  "Fuck me, lover, screw Arlene's nasty pussy with your big cock." I followed
this with more tongue kisses. For a prolonged period I slowly sucked his tongue
like it was cock. I followed that up by licking the rough surface of his face.
If you work at it and you're just crazy enough, you can get your mind into
anything.  I mist also add that between fucks, I had ingested a sizeable
quantity of Schedule A drugs washed down by tequila shots.

  Sober I probably would have taken one look at this guy and ran. But when
you're drunk out of your mind and high on drugs, it's amazing how down and dirty
you can get. Your libido can do a "filthier the better" flip and you can
absolutely wallow in dirt and think it's roses.

  Not that I was anyone's idea of good personal hygiene. There was so much cum
and piss inside my rectum, belly, and cunt; you could probably hear it slosh if
I walked across the room. My skin was covered with dozens of layers of sweat. My
hair was caked with urine and cum and there were splotches of semen on my face.
The other five girls were in the same shape. Everyone had experienced the same
prolonged gangbang that was standard for a girl's initiation into the Pagans.

  The evening was going pretty much as I expected. I had been on my back being
gang banged since we arrived. I'd gotten to The Side Car about 5:30PM just as
Kurt instructed. At 6:00, a party of maybe fifty Pagans including we four girls
who were dumb enough to want to become a female member of the club were ridding
north up I-93. Other groups of Pagans joined us along the route. By the time we
pulled off the exit for Laconia, NH, there must have been over 200 Harleys
screaming down the exit ramp. If you've never seen 200 bikers riding down the
road together, it's an awesome sight. It scares the shit out of yuppies.
Housewives in their minivans immediately launch into rape fantasies where they
are tied over the back of a Harley and there is a long line of big mean tattooed
bikers with hard cocks going to fuck the poor helpless soccer mom until she
bleeds. Her dickless wimp of a husband will watch her take all that cock and
won't do a thing about it. At least that's what the Pagans think they're
fantasizing about.

  We drove through Laconia and out the State Highway 127 until we reached a turn
off onto a private road. After maybe a mile, we came to an area that bordered on
Lake Winnipesaukee. By that time, it was getting dark. From the lights, I could
tell there were a number of buildings including a large central facility I would
call the lodge. There were several hundred Pagans already there and the scene
was pretty wild.  There were lots of girls and guys ridding naked around the
huge parking lot. Girls were sucking cock and getting fucked everywhere you
looked. I could see lights in rows of large cabins.

   The next day, an older Pagan (he must have been seventy) told me while he was
screwing me on top of a picnic table that the place used to belong to the Girl
Scouts of America. He said the Girl Scouts eventually sold the place to a resort
developer who intended to build second homes, a golf course, and a hotel with a
convention center. Apparently, nothing came of that and the developer went into
Chapter 11. The Pagans had bought the place from the bankruptcy court. It was
actually a very beautiful site with a great view of the lake and the
Presidential Mountain Range in the distance. There were boat docks, a swimming
area with a sandy beach, and even an outdoor amphitheatre. I'll get into what
happened to me at the amphitheatre later in my story.

  Of course, I learned all that the next day. That first night all I learned was
that human degradation was the heart and soul of the process in which females
were initiated into the Pagans. I might add I later found out that there wasn't
any comparable initiation for males. If the Pagans wanted a guy to be one of
them, after they got to know him better over a period of months, they ask him to
join. If he says yes, they give him a three-hour orientation to the rules and
organization of the club and that was it. Females were subjected to a regimen of
rape and public bestiality.

  "I'm Rudy, you girls who want to join bring your stuff and follow me," said an
older biker who corralled we Pagan wantabes as soon as we arrived. We followed
Rudy to The Love Shack. Picture a room, maybe fifteen by fifteen with mattresses
covering the floor and not a single stick of furniture. It's kind of obvious
what you do in a room like that.

  "Wait here, pile your stuff over in the corner," said Rudy.

  After Rudy left, we four girls from The Side Car introduced ourselves to Kay
and Mary Lou. Kay was all excited about becoming a Pagan girl but Mary Lou was
only there because her husband insisted. Mary Lou was an attractive petite
brunette with a good figure and boobs large enough to turn men's heads when she
walked by.  Big boobs on a little girl are a dangerous combination.

  You were always running into strange stories when you rode with the Pagans.
Kay's story was like Gina and Doris. Kay was a seventeen-year-old high school
dropout who had developed a taste for sex, drugs, and the Pagan life style. For
most girls, the Pagan lifestyle came down to getting fucked often by members of
both sexes. For those of you who don't equate love with sex, I know you think
that's disgusting, amoral, and just plain wrong. On the other hand, there's a
good number of females that really like to fuck and don't mind doing it with a
continually changing cast of characters. I confess to being one of those.

  Gina, Doris, and Kay fit the Pagan mold to a T. But Mary Lou gave off an aura
of fear and reluctance. She was my age (22) with a college education and a
six-month-old infant son whose pictures she immediately shared with us. Two
years before she had met a Pagan and fallen in love to the point that at his
insistence she'd agreed to participate in the Pagan lifestyle. Mary Lou had
gotten married only a month before she decided to become an official Pagan girl.
Mary Lou was living proof that women will do anything to please a man no matter
how much it goes against their basic nature. Keep in mind; there are a good
number of wives and girl friends among the Pagans. It's not by any means, a club
only for the unattached. The differentiating factor is that your wife or
significant other gets fucked a lot by other Pagans and you as a good Pagan are
expected to go along with that. Actually, you're supposed to think it's good for
her and that's she's fortunate. After all, every women in America would love to
be spreading her legs for a long line of real men like the Pagans. Right?

  Mary Lou's Pagan significant other was named Linwood Lacey and he was one of
Kurt's rivals to take over the New England Pagans if Brady Summers ever retired
or quit. Linwood and Mary Lou and the baby lived in a house that her daddy
bought them right outside Worcester, Massachusetts. I would suspect by now that
Kurt had killed Linwood. Kurt didn't seem the kind to tolerate rivals.

  Love does strange things to people. Mary Lou would rather have been home in
Worcester taking care of her baby and living a quiet suburban existence.
However, at the moment, she was over in the corner with some Pagan she didn't
know (but I did), slowly get fucked in the ass. I could see that the Pagan was
squeezing her large tits hard each time he slammed it home. I happened to know
the Pagan traveling Mary Lou's Hershey highway. His nickname was Godzilla and he
was a Side Car regular. The nickname was based on the fact he was about seven
feet tall and towered over everybody. His cock was in proportion to his height.
Earlier in the gangbang, Godzilla had mounted me (Thank God he was only
interested in some pussy).  I can tell you that when Godzilla's cock is deep
inside your body, he has one hundred percent of your attention. Godzilla
considered himself quite the stud and I would hazard a guess that he had screwed
all six of us during the course of the gangbang. Mary Lou's problem was that
after five fucks and a lot of beer and drugs, Godzilla was nowhere near getting
off but Mary Lou's asshole was dripping blood down onto the filthy mattress.
What we girls are willing to do for love amazes me.

  My own adorable little stud muffin finally started to get close to his climax.
He was making precious little squeaks each time he thrust inside me. My legs
were wrapped around his waist and I was pulling inward each time he pushed. I
was also arching my back and squeezing my cunt muscles to help him get off.
Sensing he was close, I went into overdrive pumping his cock, kissing his face
and acting in general like it was the greatest fuck of my life.

  "Fill me, baby, pump it in me," I moaned as I writhed against Mr. Clean
pushing my finger as deep in his rectum as I could reach. My forefinger found
his hard little walnut shaped prostate and I gave it a couple of flicks. That
worked. He did that attractive convulsing thing men do when they fall down
Climax Hill. I've heard it sounds very similar to what you hear when a guy has a
heart attack and dies on the spot.

  Excuse me; I'm being an awful bitch writing this.  Last night, at the Palace,
a couple of miners grabbed me while I was sitting on the pot suffering from my
daily attack of diarrhea. They not only forced me to give them a free fuck but
beat the shit out of me afterwards. Then they raised the privy seat and dropped
me head first into the shit pit where I almost suffocated. I had to stand on my
toes to keep my mouth above the shit. It took a good half hour for someone to
find me and pull me out. I've got two black eyes and a couple of loose teeth.
I'm sorry for the digression. I'll quit sounding like a harridan.

  After my Pagan allowed his little soldiers to join the thousands already
inhabiting my vagina, he breathed out a lungful of graveyard breath and
collapsed on top of me thereby providing me an additional coat of sweat from his
unwashed body. I rolled over on top of him and kissed him passionately as his
cock slowly retracted out of my vagina. After a moment of recovery, he shoved me
off and hurried away without a word. I don't suspect he'll send flowers or take
me to diner either. When I looked around, I saw that except for Mary Lou, the
gangbang was over.

  Janet was passed out, snoring with her mouth open. Kay, Gina, and Doris had
curled up in balls and gone to sleep. I glanced at my watch. It was 2:30AM. I
had been fucked without a break for the last six hours and thirty minutes. How
many loads of semen were in me? I don't know. At times, all three of my holes
were simultaneously filled with man meat. Strangely enough, none of the Pagan
girls or Amazons had asked us to do any rug munching. I guess The Love Shack was
a Pagan male thing.

  I had a second wind. I could hear Mary Lou crying as Godzilla slowly fucked
her bleeding butt hole. I decided what the hell, I'll help her out. I crawled
over to the corner and wedged my face into Godzilla's butt crack. I went to work
on his asshole with my tongue while I massaged his balls with my hand.

  "Oh yea, that's good Arlene, eat my shit hole," responded Godzilla looking
back to find me face deep in his ass. I'd managed to get Godzilla's hole
loosened up. My tongue was inside his anal ring making little stabbing motions.

  "How does that taste, bitch?" said Godzilla as he forced out several beer
farts. He made have been trying to provide me a couple of turds but gas was all
he could manage. It's kind of kinky to have your tongue in a guy's ass when he
farts. His butt ring opens up around your tongue and this rush of foul smelling
gas forced itself into your lungs. If you struck a match to my next exhale, I
would have become a human flamethrower.

  "I'm going to open your hole up and tongue fuck your ass, I'm going to suck
the shit right out of you," I countered employing my gift for the kind of filthy
talk that appeals to the average Pagan male. Besides, I'd fucked Godzilla a few
times and knew what he liked.

  More dirty talk accompanied by tongue fucking and balls rubbing produced the
desired result of Godzilla squirting his sixth load of remaining little soldiers
deep inside Mary Lou's bowels. Godzilla staggered away into the night. I pulled
a handful of tissues out of a nearby Kleenex box and slipped them into the crack
of Mary Lou's ass. I placed a handful between my legs to soak up whatever oozed
out during the night. I managed to get up, stagger to the door and switch off
the light. I meant to discourage any further visitors. I curled up with Mary Lou
who murmured a thank you. Mary Lou went sound asleep in my arms.

  I reflected a moment on the evening's events. I had expected a gangbang but
not on the scale and duration of this one. Six hours and thirty minutes ago,
about twenty Pagans walked into The Love Shack. In a group of people where
discipline and organization seemed anathema to the basic ethos of the members,
they could act like the Wermacht when it came to rape and pillage. There would
be other sets of twenty or so every hour. I'm not sure whether they draw straws
or take a number but like clockwork each twenty guys was swapped out every hour
on the hour from 8:00 in the evening until 12:00 midnight. We sweet little
innocent girls screwed one hundred Pagans in the course of five hours. After
that, we took care of a few stragglers.

  During each hour, there was a lot of swapping around since all the Pagans
wanted to be able to unequivocally state, "I fucked them all, some more than
once."  I suspect that I was getting each of the twenty in at least one of my
holes during every hour.  To start off, they made each of us strip in turn while
they commented on our bodies. I was past the stage where taking my clothes off
with twenty guys watching bothered me. Doris had stripped first. As soon as she
was naked, three guys went into each of her holes while we all watched.

  Triple penetration was the order of the day. It's bizarre to have three cocks
in your body at one time. It's feels incredibly busy and there's a feeling that
your abdomen is crowded with foreign objects. It's also one hell of a turn on to
have three men working your pleasure centers. What's really wild is when they
all three climax at pretty much the same time. You can feel warm sperm oozing
inside your body from your gullet to your GI tract.

  Next they made Mary Lou strip then Gina. The guys passed Mary Lou around so
they could all feel her big knockers. I was the number four girl to get naked
and I was turned on by the time I squatted down to slide a cock in my pussy.
Ridding a cock while sucking dick with a blunt object being pushed inside my
rectum is about as much simultaneous sex as humanly possible. For the first five
or six sets of three it was fun having all that man meat inside you.

  Somewhere along the line, my holes got raw and the sex got exhausting and
painful. All I wanted to do was to be left alone and go to sleep. Of course, the
Pagans knew what they were doing to us. I'd heard tales of women being raped to
death by three or four hundred guys. Kurt once showed me a video made with a
time-lapsed camera of a mother and teenage daughter being raped by two hundred
Pagans over a period of ten hours. It seems the Mother had honked her horn at a
group of Pagans who failed to move quick enough when the light changed. Stupid
woman, you never honk at a Pagan. It's not respectful. Anyway, the Pagans had
grabbed the pair and taken them to a place where there were many more Pagans
gathered for a party.  By the end of the video, they were obviously barely
breathing. As a finishing touch, the video showed that Mom's pussy contained two
beer cans side by side and there was the neck of a beer bottle sticking out her
asshole. The daughter orifices were similarly decorated.

  I hadn't seen Kurt or Serge in The Love Shack. I guess from Kurt's
perspective, why bother, he could fuck me anytime he wanted. I finally got warm
and went to sleep up against Mary Lou. During the night, sperm seeped out of our
holes then dried and stuck up together like glue. It was actually painful to
pull part when they woke us up.

  We were pretty much left alone to recuperate until the afternoon. Although
Linwood did make Mary Lou eat Gina while she sucked him off during lunch. I
guess he wanted everyone to know that although Mary Lou was his recent bride,
she was still a Pagan girl if anyone wanted a piece of ass.  Humiliating his
wife and child's mother seemed an odd way to celebrate a new marriage but the
Pagans are always trying the unusual.

  We had recovered from last night's gangbang when Rudy informed us that we six
were to be on stage at 2:00PM at the amphitheatre for the final part of our
initiation. Mary Lou voiced her concern while the six of us were sitting on the
deck at the lodge looking out over the lake. It was a warm late August day.

  "Linwood said they had something special planned for us this afternoon. He
bought fresh batteries and blank tape for the camcorder I gave him for
Christmas," said Mary Lou.

  "I can't handle another gangbang. My ass is still bleeding from last night,"
said Janet.

  "I put a pad in my crack to soak up the blood," said Kay, "Somebody used some
type of French tickler in my butt while I was passed out."

  "It was that bastard, Max, he used one on me in both holes. It hurt like hell,
I begged him to stop, they shouldn't allow French ticklers, " said Kay.

  "What's going to happen to us on stage?" I asked to change the subject. I was
feeling a little guilty that neither my vagina nor butt was bleeding. Max had
fucked me with a French tickler but I found it exciting to feel those soft
rubber nodules cruising the walls of my vagina. Every girl should go out and buy
their man a pack of French ticklers to use when the sex starts to get
uninteresting.

  "My guess is that it involved sex with other species, bestiality is the legal
term," said Janet in a voice that indicated she didn't care as long as it got
over with. I recalled my Aunt telling me she once screwed a Rotweiler on stage
and while being filmed. I had a moment of panic when I thought about my image
being captured having sex with a dog. "You're too far in to worry about that
now," I decided.

  Janet turned out to be correct. When we six got to the stage there were three
burros already in place. Each burro was placed so that the audience was looking
at the side of the animal. The burro's heads were contained in some sort of a
stockade that prevented their movement. A bale of hay was placed in front of
each animal and they were placidly munching away.

  "Jesus, they're going to make us fuck those animals," said Gina. That turned
out not to be exactly correct.

  At exactly, 2:00PM the crowd was gathered. There was every type of film
camera, digital camera, video camera, camcorder, etc, in the audience ready to
record the afternoon's events. Reno had professional digital video cameras
mounted on tripods on both front corners of the stage. Perhaps, my first time of
sex with animals was going to become part of a commercial product sold worldwide
through the Internet. I wondered how my parents would react to images of their
only daughter engaged in sex with barnyard animals. I guess they'd live through
it. Rudy acted as emcee. He was all set up with a wireless microphone.

  "The first part of this afternoon's entertainment is a contest to see who can
suck the most cum out of their burro. We're going to do this as partners so pair
up."

  I wound up with Mary Lou. That was not a particularly good choice from my
perspective. I would have preferred the more experienced and hard-core Janet who
looked like sucking burro cock came natural to her. But after last night, Mary
Lou and I had bonded so she quickly stepped up beside me. No good deed goes
unpunished as they say. Gina and Doris were paired together. Kay and Janet
formed the third team. Rudy continued explaining.

  "Each team will suck off their burro. The team that gets the most burro jism
in their glass beaker wins. For winning, they get to sit out the next round. The
next most has to participate in the next round. The one with the least gets to
drink all the jism and let the burro's have some pussy. That's the second round
by the way."

  The rules seemed simple enough. Rudy whispered to us, "get naked and I'll
introduce you."

  I experienced the thrill of taking my clothes off in front of several hundred
people. I could tell Mary Lou was dying of embarrassment but she managed to shed
what few clothes she had on. In a matter of seconds, the audience was looking at
six naked women standing beside three equally naked burros.

  Rudy introduced us in first name alphabetical order so Arlene was taken to the
front edge of the stage and told to walk back and forth in her birthday suit.
The crowd was enthusiastic.

  "Bend over and show them your asshole, commanded Rudy and I obliged him. Due
to my yoga training, I was able to turn my back to the audience, spread my legs
in an upside down V then bend over at the waist until I was looking straight out
toward the crowd. Then I slowly reached up between my legs and pulled my ass
cheeks apart so the assemblage of perverts could get a good look at my orifices,
especially my puckered brown hole. Day's later, Reno who had excellent skills as
a cameraman showed me what I accomplished.  If I do say so myself, I looked like
the ultimate slut and the audience responded with a loud roar of appreciation to
my little exhibition.

  The other Pagan initiates followed in turn as they were introduced.
Introductions finished, Rudy was ready to start.

  "Kneel down on each side of your burro but don't touch his cock until I yell
Go," instructed Rudy.

  It takes about ten minutes to jerk off a burro. Their cock is anatomically
different from a man's. It's housed in a sheath like a dog's and once it gets
excited, it emerges. It's also slimy and tastes awful, especially their semen
which tastes worse than awful. Mary Lou and I worked as a team.

  You stroke it and I'll put the end in my mouth," was my initial approach. Mary
Lou placed a small hand along the side. I took the soft spongy head in my mouth
and gave it a long swirling lick. I had no idea what makes a burro blow his
load. You certainly can't engage in the Arlene specialty of taking dirty to
them. Mary Lou slowly overcame her reluctance and her fist became a blur as it
traveled the distance from Zeke's (Did I mention our burro's name was Zeke?)
balls to the end of his sheath. Slowly a big slimy sausage that I could at first
accommodate six to eight inches of emerged. The crowd was yelling for their
favorites. I put aside any feeling of self-respect and decency. I applied my
mouth to licking and sucking on that sausage. Later, watching the video with
Reno, I realized that I appeared enthusiastic as hell.

  Psychologically, it was a mind blasting, soul-bearing moment when three
hundred people watched me perform an act so perverted that the average citizen
would be totally disgusted. I knew that after today, Arlene Fairchild would have
a difficult time going back to being a normal girl who prowled the bars and
clubs hoping to meet Mr. Right. What I'd done with the Pagans had changed me
forever.

  By the way, I'm sure it's a felony in New Hampshire to have sex with burros or
for that matter any animal other than a human but who cares about the law
anyway. Certainly not a Pagan girl named Arlene

  I slowly took more and more of that cock in my mouth until I started to feel
the head slip into my throat. Breathing slowly through my nose and maintaining a
serene yoga calm, it slipped inside my esophagus just like any other monster
cock. Actually, while Zeke's had the virtue of length, it was rather thin and I
didn't have a problem forcing it into the opening of my throat.

  "I need a break," I whispered to Mary Lou as I came off Zeke and offered it to
her. In a spirit of sisterhood, Mary Lou dived in and began giving our
four-legged lover a very credible blowjob with I rested. I licked Zeke's balls
and played with them as Mary Lou applied her cute little mouth to Zeke's member.
By this time, it was mostly out of the sheath. While Mary Lou worked the end,
there was plenty left for me to mouth love. Burros signal an impending orgasm by
getting very excited and starting to bray. I honestly think we would have won
but Mary Lou didn't get the glass beaker in place at the right moment and a good
part of Zeke's load splattered on the floor. We still managed to capture enough
of Zeke's jism to fill about half the beaker.

  But when we compared results with the other two teams, we were definitely
losers. Kay and Janet's beaker was full to the very top and Gina and Doris's was
almost full. That left Mary Lou and me in last place in a contest I'd of
preferred not to lose.

  Rudy put the three beakers on a table at the very front of the stage. He sent
Janet and Kay off backstage. As directed by Rudy, Mary Lou and I walked to the
very front of the stage. There I was, stark naked, before an audience of several
hundred about to ingest a serious quantity of burro semen.

  "Drink up," commanded Rudy.

   I picked up Janet and Kay's very full beaker and drank it in one swallow just
like I was chugging a beer at The Side Car. Well, the crowd loved it. It tasted
God-awful. It only slightly reminded me of the kind of semen I was used to
swallowing. It had a much stronger acrid taste. I can't think of anything to
compare it to for the reader. To me it was worse than swallowing piss or even
chewing up a fresh turd. My hat is off to those girls in Mexican border towns
that swallow a full load of burro semen every night as part of a tourist
attraction. Female burros should be thankful they are not required to give
blowjobs.

  Mary Lou managed to get down a beaker load in a few swallows although I
thought for a moment she was going to puke her guts out. I finished the third
and less full beaker thinking it was better to get it over with. I could feel my
stomach rumbling.

  Gina and Doris had been busy behind us jerking off Zeke and the other burro. I
believe his name was Pete. Hell, I've fucked guys whose name I can't remember. I
shouldn't feel guilty about not being able to recall a four-legged lover's name.
Besides, neither burro ever took me to dinner or sent flowers.

  Zeke and Pete were ready. At least, the girls had managed to get their cocks
extended out of the sheath. Doris made me bend over so she could squirt a half
bottle of AstroGlide into my snatch. Lube was dripping out of me. Doris helped
me climb under Pete and get in a rear entry position. There was a small stool
for me to rest my forearms on. It would be difficult to get a burro's cock
inside your vagina without assistance. First of all, while the burro is excited
and willing, he is still a dumb animal and not a particularly good anatomical
match.

  I heard Mary Lou exhale loudly and looked over to see that Gina had managed to
line up Zeke's cock and Mary Lou's pussy. Zeke had sunk several inches of cock
in Mary Lou's hole. Zeke let out a bray of triumph and the crowd clapped and
cheered. Gina was working Zeke's cock in and out of Mary Lou's hole. Each time
it went a little further. Zeke seemed to be getting the idea because was
starting to pump on his own. There was a Pagan guy there who I took to be the
burro's owner. He was quietly instructing Gina and Doris how to proceed.

  I could feel Doris parting my pussy lips and placing something hard against my
hole. Here it comes I thought. After this, I can never consider myself a nice
girl. Hell, I hadn't been a nice girl since I fucked my brother when I was
fourteen.

  "Scoot back and I'll guide it in," whispered Doris.

  I did as instructed and felt that long skinny sausage penetrates deep inside
my parts. Pete the burro began to bray and pump me. The deeper he went, the more
painful it got. I looked over at Mary Lou who seemed to be in agony as Zeke was
arching his back and driving every inch of cock inside her well-fucked cunt.

    In a matter of seconds, Pete had caught up with Zeke. There was nothing to
do but hang on and let them finish. A burro is a very strong animal and each
forward stroke felt like it was going to shove me into the next state. I held on
to the stool and stayed in place as best I could. Once I saw Mary Lou fly out
from under Zeke and land on the floor. Gina grabbed her and quickly got her back
under Zeke who resumed stroking his meat into her cunt.

  Finally, after what seemed like forever, Pete went into overdrive. Doris held
on to me as Pete slammed everything he had up my cunt. I felt Pete seize up on
his final thrust. This was followed by the sense of my cunt being flooded with a
warm liquid. Immediately, burro semen cascaded down my thighs all the way to my
feet. I looked over to see that Zeke must have finished with Mary Lou. She was
lying on the stage floor in a puddle of burro semen. I slumped down on the stool
resting on my elbows and forearms. All of a sudden I felt a warm stream of
liquid spray on my back. Pete had decided to relieve himself on me after the
great fuck I'd given him. I was too tired to move. I just lay there as that damn
burro pissed a gallon of urine over my upper back. I looked through the yellow
splatter at the open mouthed stares of everyone around me and laughed.

  The crowd loved it. It was obviously one of those unplanned spontaneous
moments in burro fucking that made for great entertainment. When Pete finally
finished and Doris helped me to stand up, there was a big round of applause. 
Mary Lou and I joined hands and stepped to the front of the stage and saluted
the crowd. Mary Lou looked like she had been run over by a truck. My hair was
matted down with burro piss.

  There was an intermission that allowed me to find a hose behind the stage and
wash off. Janet and Kay complemented my performance.

  "You really have a knack for screwing burros. Have you done it before?" asked
Janet.

  "No, never, I guess I'm just a natural," was my reply.

  "His thing went all the way up into my uterus, I hope nothing got damaged,"
said Mary Lou obviously concerned that the weekend events might prevent her from
providing Linwood with additional heirs.

  The next and final stage of our initiation involved sex with a good dozen
Dalmatian dogs. Each girl got two of the beasts. As Rudy put it, "one to suck
and one to fuck." I was later informed that the dogs were specifically bred for
sex with human females. After the show was over I managed to meet and speak with
the man who owned the dogs.

  The breeder has an internationally known reputation for providing well-trained
animals that are amazing endowed for a dog. He claimed to have female customers
from all over the globe. A quality dog completely trained and endowed with a
solid eight inches of doggy dick or better went for $25,000. The
breeder/trainer, a Pagan named Ronald Glass, had just sold a Dalmatian with an
eleven-inch cock that was thick as a man's forearm for $50,000. The purchaser
was a wealthy matron from Argentina who had just rid herself of her fourth
husband. Ron explained these things to me after I let him screw me in his
custom-built 53-foot tractor/trailer that he used to transport his animals. He
and I got down to it in the sleeper portion of his tractor. After all I had been
through, I felt the need for a nice normal fuck and Ron seemed like a nice guy.
He waited while I washed off in the communal shower then escorted me to his rig
where we shared some weed and a bottle of champagne. For a Pagan, Ron was a
classy guy and I suspect a rich one. We had a couple of slow comfortable fucks
that was just what Arlene needed after the events of the last two days. 

  I'm not sure that no matter how rich I was I'd prefer dogs to men but I can
see the advantages. Ron made the following marketing points.

  His dogs were gentle and minded where guys were likely to get drunk and beat
the shit out of you.

  Dalmatians were a strong healthy breed with a low cost of ownership where a
guy would steal you blind and either gamble with your dough or spend it on
prostitutes.

  A dog is loyal and will not screw your sister or your best friend when your
back is turned (unless you decide to share Rover with them).

  Dogs were superior and more dependable sexual partners than the average guy.
They were better endowed and had greater stamina with less recovery time.

  Dogs were not capable of giving you AIDS or other STDs through intercourse.

  I suppose Ron's points were good ones and maybe fit a certain need. But I
still preferred men but maybe later in life after a few bad husbands had dumped
on me, I could see how a woman would choose a canine lover.

  We six girls sucked and fucked Ron's Dalmatians that afternoon. The dogs were
clean and well mannered. They knew exactly what to do and had terrific equipment
for doing it. Dog dick was a lot more pleasant than burro dick and their semen
tasted much better. I have to add that dog semen was quite a bit thinner or less
viscous than either burro or human semen. I swallowed my load of dog jism and
accepted another load in my vagina. The dog's nails were trimmed and blunted. I
can honestly say that when my dog mounted me and shoved it home, it was a pretty
damn good fuck.

  After we'd finished with the pups, Rudy presented each of us with a leather
jacket emblazoned with the Pagan's emblem. I was officially a member of the New
England Pagan Motorcycle Club. I had achieved the first step in my quest to get
something on Senator Williams.

  The only bad note was that on Wednesday following that weekend; I developed a
burning itch between my legs and a strong desire to scream when I urinated. A
visit to my gynecologist did not provide good news.

  "It's classic gonorrhea," said Doctor Cynthia Martin.

  "Oh my God, what'll I do," I replied in a panic. I really didn't know much
about STDs.

  "I'll give you a prescription. It should clear it up in a couple of days."

  "That's good. I thought I might have to go to the hospital."

  "You should contact any sexual partner and inform him you're infected. He'll
need to be treated. And no sex for you for at least two weeks."

  "There was more than one. I'm not sure I know all their names."

  "Where were you? In an orgy?"

  "Yes, I guess you could call it that."

  "I could tell you've been having frequent intercourse including anal. Your
anus shows signs of tearing and stretching. I suggest you refrain from backdoor
sex for a while."

  "All right, doctor, I'll do as you say."

  The doctor sent me on the way with a prescription that did get rid of the itch
and allowed me to pee without screaming in pain. When I got to The Side Car that
Friday, I learned that practically everyone who attended the weekend in Laconia
came away with the clap. All four of us girls had been to our doctor and been
lectured on the evils of unprotected sex. It was the only weekend I was involved
with the Pagans where I didn't get screwed.




Chapter 30 - Arlene Part 9



Please take note! Adults Only Literature

The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written for
adults only.

If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing this
file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
now.

This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
is purely coincidental, etc.

Email HarryBerg01@aol.com with your comments.

Copyright 2003

                                                             ****

Section 9 - My First Atrocity



  I'm not sure this chapter is going to make sense. I was so fucked up on drugs
I'm not certain what parts actually happened and what parts were due to the
Alice In Wonderland effect you get from ingesting mind-altering chemicals.

  During the atrocity, I was on a heavy dose of crank plus other drugs (Ecstasy,
OxyContin, etc). Kurt provided those. Later I was smoking some great weed that
Terry brought in from Vancouver, BC. It was a new hydroponics product. Terry
told me they're altering the plant's DNA to increase the THC by a factor of
twenty. If the Canadians keep at it, marijuana will be the only drug you need.
Twelve joints would get you through a year. So, while my recollections might not
be completely accurate, it's main points are correct.

  There was also a little coke in my bloodstream. When Kurt first got to The
Side Car, he hauled me outback for a "Hum & Coke". That's when Arlene coats her
lips and lining of her mouth with cocaine, very pure cocaine, and gives her
lover boy a blow job while he leans against the wall and talks on his cell
phone. The Coke sensitizes the cock's skin and produces a mind-blowing orgasm.
I've dumped a little nose candy in my cunt a few times before Gina screwed me
with a strap on. It does work. If you're not afraid of going to jail for the
rest of your life, give it a try.

  So after Kurt unceremoniously pulled me away from the bar and out the back
door, I got down on my knees right beside the dumpster (God did it reek.) rubbed
coke over my lips and gums and proceeded to suck his dick. He leaned back
against the wall and took a call. I do remember that during the call, I did some
excellent ball sucking while my finger tickled his butthole and that occasioned
Kurt to moan into the receiver. To give you an idea of how romantic life with
Kurt was, I'll recount our end of the conversation. Keep in mind, I had no idea
who he was talking to and I knew not to ask.

  "No, nothing special, Arlene's giving me a 'Hum & Coke'. That's right, bitch,
work those balls and tickle my shitter."

  "Yea, she's good."

  "Well, next time you're out here, she'll do you. Just remind me."

  "No, Arlene, she's a whore, just tell her what you want, she'll do anything."

  "She'll do that."

  "She will if I tell her to."

  "That too, you want me to ask, Okay?"

  "Arlene, Kyle wants to know if he brings Charlene to my place, will you two
suck a turd out of each other's ass."

  "Sure, tell him to bring a plastic sheet," was my response.

  I was one hundred percent hard core Pagan, no doubt of it. 

  I'm not using drugs as an excuse for what I did. I'm just saying it makes it
hard to precisely remember what happened and in what order. The point of this
section is that now that I was a full-fledged Pagan girl, I started acting like
one even though I was supposedly working undercover for the Manchester Union. I
once saw a movie where a cop who's gone undercover as a drug dealer gets caught
up in the excitement of the drugs, girls, money, etc and really become a drug
dealer. That was what happened to me. In terms of behavior, I acted the same as
any other strung out Pagan girl.

  The bottom line is I liked being a Pagan regardless of my reasons for becoming
one. If I could, I'd still be hanging out with the bunch from The Side Car. I'd
still be fucking my brains out, doing drugs, and occasionally committing crimes
against society. Admittedly, I got off on it. Wouldn't just about anybody, if
they thought they could get away with it?

  All right, enough psychobabble let me tell the story.

  This happened about a month after I was initiated. It was a Saturday night at
The Sidecar and there was the regular crowd of Pagans drinking beer and playing
grab ass with me and the other Pagan girls. Everyone seemed kind of bored and
that usually meant they were up for anything. If nothing turned up, they'd fight
among themselves. Pagans can stand anything but ennui.

  Of course, the men could always fuck us but there wasn't a Pagan in the room
that hadn't already been inside my three holes on more occasions than I could
remember. My 'new' and that of the other Pagan girls had definitely worn off.
After you screwed every man (and woman) in the room a dozen times, the
thirteenth time looses its mystery.

  I was sitting at the bar drinking a beer having just ingested a large quantity
of crank which made me feel edgy, energetic and nervous as a whore in
confession. Crank, Pagans, and having nothing to do is a situation desperately
seeking trouble.

  Kurt was seated beside me. He was in one of his 'don't talk to me moods',
sipping his beer and staring straight ahead at his reflection in the mirror. I
used to think he would look at himself in the glass and ask questions like "Am I
psychotic enough to earn Ted Bundy's respect?" or "Would Hannibal Lechter
consider me a soul mate?" or "Why does Hitler get such a bad rap?"

  The "Hum & Coke" had got me to feeling a little randy and I was hoping he and
the other Pagans would get in the mood for sex. I chatted with Gina and Doris in
the Ladies Room and we all agreed we were horny and if the guys weren't willing,
we'd go over to Doris's place later and play with her collection of strap ons
and dildos.

  Breaking the near dead silence, Kurt's cell phone played that 'Dixie' ring he
thought was so damn cool. He answered, spoke a few muffled words and hung up.

  "Serge and Terry got a situation at the garage. SUV full of rich high school
girls broke down on the way to a party. Terry towed them to his place. Serge
offered them some party favors and now they're ready to play."

  "What'd Serge give them?" I asked.

  "Ecstasy, crystal, and a little PCP, he's got them smoking now to keep them
mellow till we arrive."

  "What the hell can you do with high school girls?" I blurted out like an
idiot. It really was a stupid question. Humiliation, rape, sodomy, bestiality,
torture, mutilation, even murder, those are all on the Pagan's extensive menu of
possibilities. Oh, let's not leave out scat since I had earlier agreed to eat a
turd out of a woman's ass that I didn't even know.

  "Let's go," Kurt said as he stood up ignoring my dumb question. Then he
whispered something to Reno who quickly passed among the Pagans telling them we
were headed to Terry's Automotive Shop. I found myself in a group of 30 Harleys
heading down the road traveling far beyond the speed limit and too fucked up
with dope to be anything but a potential organ donor. There's nothing like a
high-speed ride along a dark highway with you head full of crank. You push
everything to the limit, one hundred to one twenty. Trees loom out of the dark
begging you to crash into them. There are times when you're racing along on your
Harley in the midst of the Pagans and you think, "It can't get any better than
this."

  When we arrived, there were Terry and Serge sitting on the dirty leather sofas
with six young girls. Young meaning three were fifteen and three were sixteen as
I eventually learned. They were all smoking weed and looked shit-faced. Several
bongs were lit and being passed around. You could tell the girls thought they
were so cool hanging out with badass bikers. These were well-scrubbed girls from
suburbia who'd just made a big mistake and were too dumb to realize it.

  If they hadn't been out of it, they might have paid more attention to the
arrival of twenty-five male and five female Pagans. Drugs do impair the
judgment. The girls were dressed in low rider jeans and belly shirts. They were
mostly pretty. You could tell from their carefully matched clothes, perfect
teeth, salon styled hair, and expensive watches that these girls weren't poor.

  There was an element of class envy involved in being a Pagan. Most Pagans came
from a working class background. Some were basically white trash. I say "most"
because there were a few lawyers and CPA's who rode on weekends and weren't
hurting for cash. Let's just say that if you gave a Pagan a choice between
humiliating and raping a poor girl and a rich one, he'd choose the rich one. The
Pagans were always engaged in their own version of class warfare.

  One of the girls, whose name was Doreen was downright gorgeous. Blonde with
nice tits and a good figure, Doreen was also a grade A bitch. Doreen turned out
to be the kind of popular high school queen who'd shit all over me when I was at
East Manchester High School. I admit to enjoying what we did to Doreen and her
friends. Terry introduced them as Doreen, Christine, Fredericka, Bethany, Cindy,
and Karen. It's amazing I remember that after all these years.

  They lived in Concord, NH, went to the same high school and were on their way
to Boston to party when their Cadillac Escalade quit right after they crossed
the Massachusetts border. They called AAA and Terry's Automotive was dispatched.
Terry and Serge were young and good looking if you liked them rugged. But it was
the drugs that really got the girls off and running.

  Kurt being the leader sat down on one side of Doreen and me being Kurt's girl
of the moment sat on the other side. Doreen passed me the water pipe loaded with
Canadian hash and introduced herself.

  "Are you friends of Terry's?" asked Doreen as she lay back on the couch
obviously stoned out of her mind. She sported a cute little diamond navel ring.
Somehow that got ripped out during the course of the evening.

  On several occasions, I'd fucked Terry which I guess makes us friends but I
was playing it cool, not wanting to piss off Kurt, I said, "Yea, I'm Arlene,
we're all good friends of Terry's."

  "You got some great tats. Are those butterflies?" Doreen was looking at the
tops of my boobs that showed the tip of the butterfly wings. Some women look at
other women in a way that sends out a loud signal saying, "I like girls too".
The stoned Doreen instantly communicated that she wanted to be my bitch.

  I was wearing a leather vest and it was loosely fastened. You couldn't see
everything, just half of everything. The six girls were definitely under the
influence. The weed contained enough THC to knock the Attorney General on his
ass. It had me flying high in a couple of puffs.

  "Thanks, you want to see them?" I was very proud of Earl's skin art. My
tattoos were far better quality than average. Some of the Pagans had the type of
crude tattoos you get in prison. Others were just not done as well as mine. I
had come to realize that Earl was an artist with that needle and I owed Aunt
Carol a debt of thanks for taking me to his place.

  "Sure." I stood up and removed my vest. The Pagans applauded and whistled. I
arched my back to push my boobs out so everyone could see. Pagan girls are
always ready to show the world some tit.

  I walked up and down in front of the couches and gave the six girls the front
and back view. Of course, the Pagans there had seen it all before.

  "They're beautiful. If I get inked, my parents announced they would ground me
until I graduated college," said Christine, the skinniest of the group.

  "Become a Pagan and you can tell your parents to fuck off," offered Gina
standing up and stripping off her leather vest to let the girls take a close
look at the lighting bolt tattoos that crossed her jumbo sized knockers.

  Doris, and the two other Pagan girls stood up and pulled their tops off. They
were all inked pretty heavily. The six high school girls appeared very envious
of our skin art. I'd only gotten inked because I wanted to go undercover with
the Pagans. One day I planned to have them burned off. However, I had gotten
used to being heavily tattooed and I liked its effect on men. Even guys who are
well off and wear a suit to work think tattoos on women are sexy. Men take one
look at a girl's tattoos and get hard.

  "Show us your tattoos," said Serge.

  "I have a small rose on my butt. I got it in Florida," announced Doreen.

  "You girls take your tops off, we don't want to be the only ones showing our
tits," announced Gina in a challenging tone. The imminent possibility of raping
six young girls had the Pagans excited. The sexual tension was growing second by
second. The guys were practically licking their lips as they thought about what
they were going to do with the six femmes.

  "We don't have any tattoos on our boobs," replied Christine wistfully.
Christine was also wearing a belly button ring that got ripped off.

  Christine had just turned sixteen and her daddy who happened to own banks in
Durham and Concord leased the Cadillac Escalade SUV parked into one of the
repair bays at the garage. The problem turned out to be a vapor lock that Terry
had already cleared. 

   "Prove it, show us your tits, Christine, you're sixteen now," shouted Doreen.
I could tell that Doreen was the group's instigator. She was also their leader.

  "Tits, hell, lets see the birthday girl in her birthday suit," shouted Reno as
he jumped up and pulled Christine to her feet. One of the other Pagans (I think
his name was Greg) grabbed her tank top and pulled it over her head. Underneath
was a very pretty and expensive looking lace bra that covered some very small
but nicely shaped boobs. Reno held Christine's arms in the air as Greg unsnapped
the bra and whipped it off. Christine's breasts were quite small. Someone looked
at the tag and shouted '32A'. That caused everyone to laugh including her five
friends. Teenagers today are merciless. Christine would have been humiliated out
of her mind but she was too busy trying to keep Greg from pulling down her
jeans. Thong panties and jeans came down exposing her pussy to the crowd. It was
shaved except for a tiny rattail down the center. The Pagans considered that a
landing strip for their cocks. Christine was busily shouting thing like "No",
"Stop it," or "Help" to be embarrassed. Doris helped the guys by pulling
Christine's shoes off so they could slip her tight jeans and panty down. You had
to hand it to the Pagans, inside of three minutes; they had one girl naked. 

  Doris started passing the Christine's thong panties around. They were handed
from Pagan to Pagan each one taking a deep and loud sniff of the crotch.
Christine sat back down on the couch and took another hit from the bong. I
couldn't quite figure out whether the drugs had completely fucked these girls's
sense of peril or they were just stupid.

  Little naked Christine was seated on the couch between Greg and Reno. They
casually each grabbed one of her feet and pulled her legs apart. Greg embraced
Christine and kissed her while we all watched. Reno joined in and little
Christine had two Pagans feeding her tongue in the corners of her mouth. They
were playing with her tits, pulling on the nipples.

   I shouldn't have been surprised but she kissed Greg and Reno back. Terry had
helpfully provided the girls with Ecstasy. Their friendliness and willingness to
be fondled was chemically motivated. As for the Pagans, we were all on Crank and
that meant we were not listening to our good fairy.

  "Ask her if she's a virgin?" yelled Doreen who had allowed Kurt's hand to slip
under her shirt and fondle her tits. I followed Kurt's example and unzipped
Doreen's jeans and slipped my hand inside. I pushed in underneath her panties so
that my hand cupped her warm little pussy. Doreen acted totally oblivious of
that fact that Kurt and I were groping the hell out of her.

  "That's nobody's business," replied Christine who was getting a little pissed
that Doreen was making her the center of the Pagan's attention.

  "She fucked my younger brother, Billy and his buddy Larry, they're only
thirteen and dorks," blurted out Doreen.

  Doreen had a mean streak. That sort of thing appealed to the Pagans.

  "You got me drunk and let them fuck me after I passed out, you're such a bitch
Doreen," cried Christine seemingly more upset about her past encounter with two
thirteen year olds versus her imminent date with thirty bikers. I have to point
out that Greg and Reno was busy kissing little Christine, playing with her tits,
and had advanced to sticking their fingers into her vagina. Greg was stroking
her clit while Reno was pushing a finger into her cunt. Christine had started to
make little moaning sounds. Both guys had one finger in her cunt opening her up
as they worked her clit.

  The other girls were being stripped. There was an attractive buxom brunette
named Fredericka bent over the back of one of the couches. Two Pagans were
pulling her tight jeans and thong panty off. Her well-tanned butt was facing me.
One of the guys had parted her cheeks and was taking long slow licks across her
asshole.

  Pagans were pulling them to their feet, taking their clothes off and dumping
them back on the sofas. Kurt had one of Doreen's boobs in his hand and was
pinching and twisting her nipple. You could tell Doreen liked what Kurt was
doing to her. At least she liked it well enough not to protest.

   I sensed the Pagans were through with the foreplay. It was time to get
serious. We came there to rape those girls and there wasn't any point in
waiting.  Kurt and I stood Doreen up to strip her. Surprisingly, she kept
telling us about Christine. I was thinking that after tonight what happened
between Christine and Doreen's brother and his friend would seem like next to
nothing. Christie kept talking as I pushed her shirt up under her armpits.

  "I used my new digital camera. I've got close-ups of her sucking Billy's cock
and Larry fucking her, then Billy shot his jism all over her face, You should
have seen the way she licked it off her lips. I got a good close-up of that, She
licked it off, the cunt," said Doreen not paying any attention to the fact that
Kurt and I were removing her clothes.

  "Enough of this bullshit, time for you girls to pull a train," announced Kurt.
There was nothing subtle about Kurt. He was a cut to the chase kind of man. He
was seated beside a good-looking high school girl and he'd decided it was time
to rape her. Life was often amazingly simple to Kurt Lambert. He reminded me at
times of a shark. See dinner. Kill it. Eat it. Hunt more.

  Doreen kept yammering at Christine as she sat down naked once we had pulled
her clothes off. She had a nice body. Doreen had flat muscular abs the kind that
it takes forever in the gym to develop.

  I took my jeans off and got naked as did the other Pagan girls. There were now
twelve naked women in the room and twenty-seven horny men. It shouldn't take a
genius to figure out where things were going. Christine was just sitting there
with one leg in Reno's lap and one leg in Greg's. Their mouths were sucking her
nipples and they each had a finger in her pussy. Fredericka and the other three
were in various positions over the couches. The petite brunette girl called
Cindy was down on her knees sucking Godzilla's incredible cock. I concluded that
none of the six were strangers to blowjobs. The Manchester Union in one of their
feature articles intended to prove that liberal Democrats had corrupted the
nation reported that eleven year olds were holding oral sex parties. I guess
sucking dick and eating pussy has moved from high school to middle school.

  "You're wet as rain. We're going to fuck you, Christine," asked Reno pulling a
glistening finger out of Christine's twat and sticking it in her mouth.

  "You got to use protection. I'm not on the pill, I don't want to get
pregnant," said Christine.

  "Don't worry, honey, you can call him Reno Junior when he pops out of here,"
said Reno as she pushed a couple of fingers inside Christine causing her to moan
loudly. Greg was sucking Christie's nipples and he wasn't being gentle about it.
Chewing would be a more accurate term.

  "Look at that zicker, all ready to party," said Greg taking his mouth away
from Christine's breast and showing everyone the wet extended nipple that looked
a little raw.

  "God, Christine, you are such a slut, I hope they fuck you right here while we
all watch," said Doreen who did not realize the Pagans were an equal opportunity
rape organization and did not intend to discriminate against her and the others
beside little Christine.

  The six high school girls, in spite of the drugs, seemed to have arrived at
the point they kind of understood that something bad was about to happen.
Sitting there naked with tattooed bikers playing with their tits and finger
fucking their pussies would probably have signaled most sixteen year old girls
that they were about to get gangbanged but this bunch seemed almost retarded.

  As the leader, Kurt took on the responsibility for getting the party started.
Kurt stood up, pulled Doreen up by her hair and slapped her across the face
twice. It was two hard bitch slaps that left Doreen with a split lip and a
trickle of blood leaking from one nostril. It got very quiet for a moment, then
Reno spoke to Christine, "I'm going first with you. I'm going to fuck your
little pussy and it's going to be nothing like a thirteen year old boy's cock."

  In spite of all that was happening, I don't think those six girls fully
realized until that moment that the thirty Pagans in the room were not there for
polite conversation or to give then free drugs. It must have been the effect of
the dope.

  "If Christine's SUV is fixed, we need to go," announced Doreen wiping the
blood off her nostril. What the fuck was this dumb high schoolgirl thinking?
That was one of the most pointless statement's I'd heard in years. These girls
were going to be fucked in every hole they possessed by the New England Pagans
Motorcycle Club. God, some people are slow on the uptake.

  At that moment, it would have taken a platoon of heavily armed Marines to get
those girls out of the garage without being raped. They had been stripped naked.
There were already a dozen Pagans with their cocks out jerking themselves hard.
Christine was being finger fucked.

  "Open up and start sucking, bitch" said the Pagan pushing his cock between
Fredericka lips as another Pagan worked his cock into her vagina.

   Doreen stood up and grabbed for her clothes. I jumped up and slammed my fist
into her chin. That sent her reeling backing into Kurt's arms. He turned her
around and took her nipples in his hands and locked that steel grip of his on
her buds. I'd been there before and my tits had the bruises to prove it. Kurt
slowly pulled Doreen up by her nipples until only her toes were touching the
floor. She kept twisting and trying to get her nipples free but Kurt just pulled
harder and higher. Doreen burst into tears. Kurt made one last pull and lifted
the girl off the ground by her buds. My nipples started to hurt from just
watching.

  "You ready to get fucked or you just want to hang there?" asked Kurt in a
voice that made you wonder if that was what Ted Bundy said to his victims right
before he went to work on them.

  "Just let me down, I'll do what you say," whined Doreen as she gave in to the
inevitable. I didn't think this was going to be Doreen's first fuck but it was
going to be one she wouldn't forget.

   Kurt held Doreen's arms while I kicked her legs apart and pushed several
fingers into her cunt. I wasn't gentle as I forced my way inside her hole. I
discovered she was my kind of whore. She was already wet.

  "She's wet as a street whore, let's fuck the bitch," I said. Her pussy was
dripping and that make me think that there was something about being lifted off
the ground by your nipples that appealed to our little high school girl.

  Around me, I heard other hard slaps being delivered. Girls were crying and
pleading. I heard several of them scream, "don't" or "stop". There were more
slaps and then the sounds of girls grunting or breathing heavy as hard cock were
forced into pussies. There were a few loud squeals and cries of "not in my butt"
or "that hurts, it's too big to go in there," indicating that rectums were being
invaded. Most Pagans swear that anal is the only way to go when you're raping
someone. "You need to make it hurt or it's not really rape," was how they
thought about it. All the blows and slaps were probably not necessary. It was
just the Pagan way of making it interesting.

    "Sit on the back of the couch so she can eat you," said Kurt to me as he
forced Doreen face down on the couch.

  I spread my legs and Kurt pushed Doreen's face into my cunt using a handful of
her hair as a handle. Doreen was on all fours with her face resting against my
cunt and Kurt busily working his cock into her dog style. Doreen was no virgin
but she hadn't been fucked by anything approaching Kurt's nine-inch monster. I
could tell from the expression on her face, that it was painfully forcing it's
way where no prick had ever been before.

  Doreen was making little squeaks each time Kurt forced another inch or two
deeper inside her female parts. Her face was screwed up in pain and she was
biting down on her split lip. I realized then that Doreen's pain was turning me
on. I slipped a finger into my own cunt and was I dripping girl lube.

  "When you feel his balls slap against you that mean's my boyfriend's cock's
all the way inside your uterus," I whispered to Doreen as she withstood the hard
pounding that Kurt's man pole was giving her cunt.

  I looked around. Combinations of men and women were raping the other five
girls. Reno was sitting beside me on the back of the couch. Christine was
between his legs sucking his cock while his friend, Greg, was fucking her dog
style. Doreen wasn't doing anything to me with her mouth. She was crying and
begging Kurt to take his fingers out of her ass.

  "It's hurting me, I'm bleeding, please stop," were the words she used. What
she didn't realize was that kind of pleading served as an aphrodisiac to a
Pagan. If she'd had known Kurt better, she would have understood that nothing
made his dick harder than a woman begging him not to fuck her. I was pissed I
wasn't getting any action. I grabbed Doreen head by her ears and jerked her face
up.

  "Eat me, Doreen, or I'll cut your ears off. You won't be all that pretty
without ears."

  I had no idea whether Doreen had ever had sex with a girl before and frankly I
didn't care. She was a pretty girl and pretty girls know that they're valued
because of their looks. Threaten a pretty woman with disfigurement and they'll
do anything. It was my first rape and I enjoyed it.  Doreen started to lick me.
I could see her tongue was coming away with a sizeable gob of my pussy juice
each time she passed her tongue over my open hole.

  "That's right, you eat me and swallow my juice, maybe later I'll eat you. I
hope you like it up your ass because we plan on doing all your holes," I said.

  Kurt was slamming Doreen's face into my cunt as he fucked her. Doreen made a
yammering sound when Kurt forced another finger in her asshole. Reno was playing
with my tits while Doreen munched my rug. I experienced my first orgasm as a
rapist. Given there were only six girls and over thirty of us, each girl was
doing double or triple duty and there were lines of guys stroking their meat
waiting their turn. As soon as Kurt finished in Doreen, another Pagan stepped up
and entered her. There was something erotic about a woman eating you while she's
repeatedly raped. The next Pagan who attacked Doreen was Abe and that bastard
always carried a tube of K-Y jelly. He lubricated her asshole while he fucked
her pussy. He used his fingers to open her up. Then she switched that eight-inch
cock to her ass. Doreen looked up at me with tears in her eyes.

  "He's hurting me. I've never done anal. I can't stand the pain."

  "Quit whining, honey, it won't do any good, relax your asshole, after you've
been fucked fifteen tines in your little shithole, you won't notice a thing."
Man was I getting into this gang rape thing.

  One of the girls, Bethany, was a screamer. She was yelling at the top of her
lungs for us to stop raping them. Serge grabbed her by the throat and squeezed.
That stopped the yelling

  "Shut the fuck up, you're getting on my nerves," said Serge as he slammed her
against the wall. "If you keep yelling, I'm going to cut your tongue out." He
pulled out a K-bar to show that he was sincere. When he released her, she
slumped to the floor. A couple of Pagans threw her across the couch and started
fucking her. She didn't make a sound.

  We raped the girls for hours. At a point where the guys were taking a break,
Gina handed out the leather harnesses that hold a strap on cock. My snap on tool
was a solid thirteen inches of latex with a big mushroom head. It actually
didn't look normal. Knowing Gina, the dildo was intended to cause as much pain
as pleasure.

  I connected it to the harness and two minutes later I was pumping into the
cunt of the red headed girl Bethany who had been such a screamer. Apparently,
she's learned her lesson about keeping quiet. Each time I shoved it inside her
womb she bit down on her hand to stifle a scream then grunted and let out a
pitiful moan. One of the Pagans was holding her legs back over her head and
making her suck his dick.

  "Put it in her ass," said the Pagan holding her legs.

  She was already opened up, having been fucked numerous times in her butt hole
so it wasn't a problem to get started. I slipped the mushroom head inside her
anal ring. Her eyes popped open as she realized what was about to happen. I dug
my toes in the ground and lunged forward burying all thirteen inches in her shit
hole. She started crying and begging me to take it out. I kept at it until I
wore out. When I pulled it out, it was covered in blood and there was a
spoon-sized piece of her shit on the end. I climbed up and placed the dildo on
her lips.

  "Eat your shit off that," I commanded. I was out of control. I felt like my
mind had slipped over the edge. I reached a certain point and then gone beyond
it. It was intense and I was enjoying what we were doing to those girls.

  Bethany was too terrified to do anything but open up. I swiped the dildo
across her tongue leaving a quarter size deposit of brown turd.

  "Now chew it up and swallow it," I commanded.

  Bethany made a face as she ate some of her own shit. She did manage to get it
down. I gave her a deep tongue kiss when I saw her swallow. I was out of my
dope-crazed mind. I could taste her shit. We swirled tongues together sharing
the odor and taste.

  As I said before, crank makes you like the Energizer bunny so we kept on
raping and abusing those girls for hours. At some point, I was on my back with a
line of Pagans waiting to fuck me. I was between Doreen and a little skinny
brunette named Cindy who had reached the point where she had altered her mindset
about what was being done to her. Cindy's body went into high gear each time a
Pagan stuck his rod in her snatch. Something in that little darling's mind had
snapped and she had developed a serious craving for being rapped. Every time a
Pagan finished, she immediately looked around yelling, "Who's next? I need a
fuck, somebody fuck me now, please."

  I passed out somewhere along the line, too much dope, pussy, and cock. I was
lying in a pile of naked bodies when somebody grabbed my arm. It was Kurt
hauling me roughly to my feet.

  "Get Gina and Doris and the other Pagan girls up. Take these cunts into the
wash bay. Reno wants to make a piss love video. Make then kneel down in a circle
and we'll piss in their mouths. After that, you girls use the hoses to clean
them out. Assholes, pussies, make sure none of our DNA is in them."

  I noted at the time that Pagans definitely believed that cleaning up was
women's work. I never saw a Pagan turn his hand at anything that smacked of
cleaning and that included washing semen out of the rapped pussies and assholes
of their victims.

  I managed to get Doris and Gina to their feet. Janet was too fucked up to
stand so I just let her lay there. Participating in gang rapes must be tiring
when you're older. I filed that away for future reference. Gina and Doris were
still pretty zonked but Kurt handed them some Crank to make them alert.

  When we hauled little Christine to her feet, we realized there was a problem.
Some joker had stuck beer cans in Christine's cunt and asshole while she slept.
I wondered if it was her good friend Doreen. The girl was moaning and begging us
to help her extract them. They must have hurt like hell. I tried to get my
fingers around the one in her ass but only managed to bury it deeper inside her
rectum. The poor girl was in agony. For a few minutes, I thought that Christine
was going to have to make a trip to the hospital emergency room to have them
surgically extracted.

  Doreen, always the bitch, grabbed one of the camcorders that the Pagans had
been using to document the gang rape and filmed Christine's can filled
apertures. Fortunately, Terry showed up with some sort of tool that punctured a
whole in the lid. Beer spewed out through the hole. Terry, who was very good
with tools, slipped something through the hole that worked like one of those
molly bolts I used to hang pictures on the drywall in my apartment. It allowed
the cans to be slowly pulled free. I clamped my hands over Christine's mouth so
her screams didn't wake the dead. I suppose it hurts to have a beer can pulled
out of your vagina and rectum. It certainly looked painful. There was the hiss
of a vacuum being filled as each can exited. I made a mental note never to pass
out again while the Pagans were around. The guys though it was hysterical the
way she was begging us to get the cans out of her. Never say the Pagans don't
have a sense of humor.

  Christine was sobbing as she rubbed her pussy and asshole. She was crying that
she'd never be able to have children and that we had destroyed her capability to
be a mother. Like the Pagans gave a shit. Actually, they did have a thing for
pregnant women. They thought a huge belly and tits full of milk were almost as
sexy as a new Harley but that's another story.

  I did a quick examination of Christine's anus and vagina. I suppose that after
a decent interval, they'd return to normal but the poor girl had been lying
there at least a couple of hours being stretched out. Her butt hole was the size
of a beer can and her cunt looked like you could put a grapefruit in it.

  "Nobody's got a cock big enough to fill your holes, Chrissie," announced the
ever-supportive Doreen. That pissed me off so I punched Doreen in the gut then
pushed her over the back of the couch as I yelled for Gina and Doris to hold
her. They spread her legs as I pushed my fist inside Doreen's cunt all the way
to my elbow. When I got my arm inside as far as it would go, I made a fist and
delivered half dozen punches to Doreen's womb. Gina held her hand over Doreen
mouth to keep her from screaming. Doreen passed out after the sixth punch
slammed into her baby holder. Doris brought her back awake with a popper.

  "Hurry up," yelled Kurt, "It's getting light outside."

   We slapped the other no longer innocent high schoolers awake. I couldn't get
Cindy to stay upright so I went to work on her delivering a series of hard slaps
that left her noise and mouth bleeding. Ever the drug distributor, Kurt walked
down the line, showing a dose of Crank in each girl's mouth. After a moment,
they were all alert and possibly ready for another gang rape. Little Cindy
didn't know when to keep her mouth shut. She made some comment about putting all
of us in jail.

  "My daddy's a judge. You'll never get out of jail for what you did to us,"
screamed Cindy who had only hours ago been demanding that another Pagan
immediately fill any of her holes that had become empty. Now, it is a big
mistake to threaten the Pagans. It's smarter to kill them right on the spot than
tell them you intend to pay them back in the future. Kurt had heard Cindy's
threat.

  "Bring the little bitch over here," said Kurt as he walked over to the wall of
the auto shop and grabbed a rubber mallet off a metal table. I think it was a
tool they used for putting hubcaps on. Serge and Reno dragged the unwilling and
naked Cindy over to the table where Kurt stood. Everyone had gotten quiet. The
Pagans sensed that something interesting was going to happen.

  "Hold her so her tits are on the table," ordered Kurt. Serge put his knee in
Cindy's back while he pulled her arms straight back behind her. Reno grabbed her
hair and pulled her head back to keep it out of the way. I'd followed them over
to see what Kurt was going to do. Cindy's boobs were laid out on the top of the
metal worktable. Cindy had nice tits. They looked to be about a C-cup. They were
a little red and bruised from all the action they'd got in the last six hours.

  Kurt, the creative sadist, slammed the rubber mallet right onto the end of
Cindy's boob. My breast twitched in sympathy like it could feel the pain that
Cindy must have felt. Serge and Reno let Cindy drop to the floor where the poor
girl grabbed her breast and screamed like a banshee while she rolled around on
the floor. God I can only imagine how that hurt. A woman's breasts are
sensitive. Cindy was having a conniption on the concrete floor of the garage.
She was holding the injured tit in her hands and screaming in pain while she
rolled from side to side.

  "Let her scream, when she stops, we'd do the other one, " stated Kurt matter
of factly. God was he a cold bastard but I loved him every minute that cock of
his was inside me.

  Cindy did quiet down and start begging Kurt not to do the other breast. She
pleaded that she wouldn't tell anyone especially her father the judge. By the
way, I later learned he was a civil not a criminal judge. It would have been
more logical for her to threaten to sue the Pagans.

  "No Mercy" Kurt Lambert had Serge and Reno hold Cindy for one more kiss of the
rubber mallet. I swear he struck harder this time. Cindy flopped like a dying
fish on the floor while everyone watched.

  "Anyone else thinking about going to the police?" asked Kurt. Not
surprisingly, our five high schoolers immediately announced that nothing could
have been further than their minds. Kurt had the last word.

  "There are three thousand Pagans in New England. If you put any of the Pagans
here in jail, others among the three thousand will hunt you down. One day,
you'll be going to your car and some Pagans will grab you. They'll take you
somewhere and they'll hammer your tits until they're the size of a pizza. Then
they'll cut your fucking throat."

  I though the pizza metaphor was rather creative.  I instructed Doris to pick
the little bitch Cindy up and take her to the wash bay. Cindy walked carefully
along holding her breasts.

  "Are any other of you little whores thinking about going to the police?" I
asked. They were silent.

  All right, you can get into the brutality of being a Pagan. You're fucked and
whipped like a dog so you pretty quickly learn to pass it on. I also gave Doreen
a couple of hard bitch slaps when she made some comment I didn't like. Maybe I
just slapped her around because she was young, pretty, and rich. Or maybe
because Kurt thought she was hot and I was jealous. All I can say was that it
felt good to land a solid open palm bitch slap across her face and see her head
twist violently with the force of the blow. Someone handed me a leather belt and
I whipped and drove the six to the wash bay. I pushed Doreen up against the cold
tile wall and belt whipped her ass until my arm got tired. She was blubbering
like a baby when I finished. He butt was stripped almost purple.

  Reno had set up his digital camcorder. He made the six of them kneel down
facing the camera. Kurt brought in six Pagans. The girls were either so fucked
up on the dope or so scared they did as they were told without a single
complaint. One by one, Reno filmed each of the young future debutantes holding
their mouth open as multiple streams of yellow Pagan piss arced into their open
kissers. Doreen choked on the first mouthful giving me an excuse to once again
crack the belt across her cherry red ass.

  Karen turned out to be a champion piss swallower.  Reno made her lay on her
back so he could show how swollen her belly was. I continued my torment of
Doreen by making her swallow the contents of my bladder. Doreen held her mouth
open as I pissed over the top of all that expensive orthodontics on to her pink
tongue.

  "Swallow every drop or I'll whip you bloody," was how I put it to Doreen.

   I was so cranked up I decided to make a suggestion to the director of our
film project.

   "Let's end with a little scat," I said to Reno.

  "What have you got in mind?" he asked.

  "Let's have Doreen eat a warm one out of my ass."

  "Can you make her do that?"

  "Sure, hand me your pliers."

  Reno handed me the pair of long nose pliers that hung from his belt. I pushed
Doreen onto her back. I positioned my butt hole over her face.

  "Open wide, when the turd appears, wrap your lips around it, chew and
swallow," I commanded.

  "Fuck you, that's disgusting, I won't do it, I'll puke," responded Doreen.

  "If you do, I'll make you eat your puke, too," I said as I reached down and
positioned the pliers around her clit. Now this girl had probably been raped
around thirty times in the last six hours. Her clit was red, raw, swollen and
sticking out like a ten year old boy's hard on. I'd even sucked and chewed on it
sometime during the evening.  I closed the pliers on the young lady's girl love
button and squeezed it flat while reaching back with my other hand to hold her
down. Doreen screamed for all she was worth.

  "You want me to rip it off?" I asked extending it a couple of inches.

  "No, don't." The thought of a clitectomy with pliers had definitely gained her
attention.

  "Well open wide and join the elite world of shit eaters. It'll put you in a
class all your own."

  I looked around and saw that Christine and the others weren't exactly minding
what I was doing to their bitch queen. Little Christine was probably thinking
about all those pictures that Doreen had made of her sucking little brother's
cock. I concentrated my thoughts and felt my anal ring distend. I glanced in the
viewfinder. A large brown turd had emerged and was waiting for Doreen's mouth.

  "That's going to be a nice one, nice and brown and thick," said Reno who had
the lens focused on the brown turd that had appeared at my opening.

  "Oh God, I can't do this," I heard Doreen say. I could feel her breath on my
butt. Again, I positioned my pliers on her clit and squeezed again but not as
hard. Doreen cried out.

  "You make me waste a quality turd and I'm going to yank this off you and make
you eat it. Then I'm going to pull your teeth out one by one." I was
re-expressing the disfigurement option. It worked just as it did last time.

  "All right, I'll eat it," cried Doreen.

  I pushed a little and felt the turd slide out further.

  "Now raise your head and wrap your lips around it and chew," whispered Reno.

  "God, she's doing it. She's actually eating her shit," said Christine.

 "That's fucking incredible, I want a copy of this," said Fredericka.

  "So do I, Reno, just let me know what it costs, " said Bethany.

  These girls obviously had some group hostility issues they needed to talk
over. I kept pushing my shit out. I could sense Doreen's lips taking it in as I
slowly let it slide out my shit hole. Her mouth was positioned around my anus.
The whole turd was inside her mouth.

  "Great scat," said Reno who later sold the video for $1500 to a West Coast
distributor.

  "She's swallowing it, look at her throat," whispered Fredericka. People on
crank, PCP, Ecstasy, etc will do fucking anything and that includes eating warm
shit right out of your ass.

  After I pushed out several inches that Doreen had dutifully chewed up and
swallowed, I felt something give way and a large dump of loose shit followed the
turd. I focused my abdominal muscles for one final push. I evacuated fourteen
feet of colon with one masterstroke. The sound of loose stool splattering down
filled the wash bay.

  "God, look at that, what a dump. She covered her entire head," said Fredericka
with a sense of awe.

  When I looked back, there was Doreen's head buried under a pile of my loose
shit.  I stood up and placed my foot over her face pushing more loose shit into
her mouth.

  "Suck the shit from between my toes and eat it."

  Doreen complied taking her tongue and licking between my toes then swallowing
the result.

  "That's a wrap. Let's get them cleaned up," announced Kurt from the other side
of the room. I heard Christine whisper to Reno, "I'll give you $500 for a copy
of that."

  Doris and I lined the six up against the wall and started the hoses. I made
the girls bend over and spread their cheeks then shoved the nozzle in their
butts and turned the handle. Their butt holes were loosened up enough that
getting the nozzle up their ass was not a problem.  I made Doreen beg me before
I stopped filling her up. Reno caught all the action on video. Six young ladies
squatting over a floor grate shitting their brains out was the theme of his
independent film. He probably did not enter it in the Sundance Festival.  He
made me clean them out twice more. I filled up each of the girls in turn until
they were begging me to stop the flow. They offered to eat my rug or let some
more guys fuck them if I'd just quit filling their ass with water. Reno made
each one squat over the grate and blow their guts out. It stunk to high heaven
in the wash bay by the time we were done. I washed their pussies out next. That
part was also painful but it was less exciting and less photographic so Reno
didn't waste a lot of effort filming it.

  I was finishing up when Kurt and Serge walked into the bay.

  "Listen up, cunts, we're sending you home to daddy. But there's a little
package hidden inside your SUV where you'll never find it. It contains just
enough drugs for you to qualify as a dealer. You go to the police to tell about
tonight and we tell the DEA you came here to buy drugs. You also have drugs in
your blood stream that will test positive for the next six months. And don't
forget we've got some video that could post on Web sites if you decide to talk.
If you're smart, you'll keep your mouth shut about tonight. It isn't like any of
you were virgins. Hell, we got video showing just how much you enjoyed getting
pronged tonight."

  The Epilogue of this story is that Doreen showed up at The Sidecar next week
looking for Kurt and me.  She brought along a whip, a nine-strand flogger, for
me to use on her. I made her strip naked right in the middle of the floor while
everyone watched. Then I hung her from a hook in the ceiling and went to work on
her tits and ass with the flogger she so conveniently provided. Everybody said
it was a great show. After I whipped her naked body bloody (and I mean there was
blood streaming off her body), the Pagans put her on top of a pool table and
fucked her until the place closed. Afterwards, she begged me to take her home
and used her as a toilet slave. There was something in that girl's psyche that
wasn't quite right. All weekend she followed me into the bathroom to swallow my
piss or eat my shit.  At first, it was a turn on but after the novelty wore off,
I decided to give her to someone who was more into scat than I was.

  Doreen began to hang out with the Pagans on the weekends.  I located a Pagan
couple whose thing was dominating young females and forcing them to participate
in scat. It was a match made in hell. The Pagan couple really got off causing
people pain and Doreen really got off being in pain. The last time I saw her was
at a party at one of the Pagan's houses. She had meat skewers stuck in her
breasts and labia. Doreen was seated on the floor eating shit out of a
dog-feeding bowl. She looked real happy.

  My Aunt Carol was right. There's something inside even normal ordinary people
that attracts them to the wildness of Pagan life. Somewhere deep down in all of
us is a little Pagan waiting to come out.




Chapter 31 - Arlene Part 10



Please take note! Adults Only Literature

The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written for
adults only.

If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing this
file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
now.

This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
is purely coincidental, etc.

Email HarryBerg01@aol.com with your comments.

Copyright 2003

                                                             ****

Section 10  - I Meet the Senator



   "I really admired how you handled yourself last night in the contest," said
Kelly, "The way you helped the other girl was nice. You deserved better than a
beating."

  "Those seem to come with the territory if you're a Pagan girl," I responded.

  "You know Amazons don't have to put up with things like that. Ken wouldn't
have the nerve to touch one of us. If we did, we'd slowly cut his balls off and
shove them down his throat."

   Kelly emphasized her point by reaching over to touch the bruises and bite
marks on my breasts. I felt my body tingle when her fingers brushed my nipple. I
sensed an unusually strong attraction between this Amazon vixen and myself. I
had a definite urge to get to know her better. But at the moment, I was too sore
and in too much pain to do anything but lay there. Still, for the first time in
a lifetime of searching for cock, I wanted a woman and her name was Kelly.

  "What's your favorite food? Where do you shop? What kind of shoes do you
really love? What form of oral sex gets you off the quickest, the strongest?"
were some of the questions I wanted to ask. I held off not wanting to rush
things. For the moment, I was satisfied just to lay their naked beside her in
the warm sun.

  The two of us along with other Amazons and Pagan girls were lying on the dock
at the Pagan's camp on Lake Winnipesaukee. We'd gone for a nude mid morning swim
and were now taking advantage of a sunny late August day to improve our tan.
We'd caught the attention of several boatloads of fisherman who drove over to
check us out. Some of the girls encouraged the fisherman by waving to them then
putting their heads between the legs of the nearest girl to simulate (hell,
Amazon's don't simulate) lesbian sex. We had some laughs teasing the men. And
they'd gotten a story they could tell even if they didn't catch any fish.  When
the fisherman got close enough to see that there were guards on the dock
equipped with automatic rifles, they hit the throttle and sped away.

   It was a little over two months since I became a female member of the Pagans.
The previous weekend Kurt informed me that next Friday night there was a
business meeting up at the Laconia camp and I was to come along. I wasn't
invited to attend any of the meetings. I assumed the agenda concerned the usual:
crime, drugs, prostitution, drugs, murder, drugs, and other felony crimes
related to drugs.

  I didn't have any illusions why Kurt invited me to attend. I was there to
service his cock. Of course, if Serge needed a piece of my ass that was okay
too. Actually I assumed that since I was officially a member, any Pagan who had
a spare moment could mount me and relieve his tensions. But things were unlike
my previous trips to the camp. I could sense there was a different air about
this weekend's doings even before I arrived. Even for Kurt, the meeting must
have been serious because he refrained from his usual practice of swallowing
several packets of Crank before we drove up to Laconia. He didn't give me any
Crank either so I was in something of a funk as we rode up in the Lincoln
Navigator with the stereo blaring one of his favorite country music CDs. The
decision to take the SUV and not as we biker's called it, "two wheel it" told me
that sex, drugs, and rock-and-roll was not going in their normal top spot on the
program.

   Friday night after we got there, I was introduced to the President of the
Pagans, Brady Summers. "Introduced" is perhaps not a wholly accurate term. Kurt
informed me that he and Brady were trading whores for the evening.

  I was also introduced to the other half of the swap at dinner. I suppose I
should have felt flattered. A tall redhead named Simone who worked in Brady's
chain of strip clubs was going to be sleeping with Kurt while I did Brady.
Simone had a body that reminded me of one of those Vivid girls, you know the
ones who are considered actual porn stars and make a lot of money. Simone even
had those tiny barbells inserted through her nipples and labia just like Kurt's
favorite Vivid girl, Jenna Jameson.  Watching porn, by the way, was about the
only reason that Kurt had a sixty-inch television in his bedroom.  There were
XXX videocassettes and DVD's stacked everywhere. I'd spent many an afternoon
doing to Kurt exactly what Jenna was doing on the giant screen. One of the few
complements, Kurt ever gave me was "You suck cock just like Jenna."

   I have no idea why Kurt and Brady decided to swap girls for the night. They
didn't consult me on their decision. It may have something to do with Kurt's
natural competitiveness.

  "You're sleeping with Brady tonight," was all Kurt said.

  "Who's sleeping with you?" I asked. Occasionally, for completely irrational
reasons, I got jealous over Kurt. Maybe it was the thought of another female
impaling herself on Kurt's glorious nine-inch cock that made me envious.

  "I think her name's Simone. She works for Brady."

  "Why the swap?"

  "Since when do I need to give you a reason? You're Brady's tonight. Just fuck
his brains out"

  I already knew that Kurt was the heir apparent for Brady's job should he
decide to retire or more likely be killed or sent to prison. I was never sure
how one became President of the Pagans. I know there is an election but I
gathered everyone voted for the person they were most afraid of.

  Friday night was strictly social but subdued. Unlike your normal Pagan event,
it didn't get crazy. No one was riding around on their Harley drunk out of their
mind. The Pagan girls were not down on their knees sucking every cock in sight. 
If you didn't know better, you have thought the senior executives of General
Electric had gathered for their annual strategic planning session.

   I had briefly been introduced to Rhonda Powers, the President of the Amazons.
I'd describe Rhonda as brunette, tall, very tall actually, built like one of
those female weight lifters, and quite attractive.  The word "striking" applied
to Rhonda's looks. Her body, which I saw the next day, when all we girls went
skinny dipping in the lake, was bronzed and ripped. Physically, she resembled
Cory Everson, the woman who won so many bodybuilding titles years ago.

  At that time, I thought highly of Rhonda. I could tell from her body language
and the way she conducted herself, that she was not just a fuck toy like me. She
was a leader and the guys treated her like she was in command, which she was by
the way. Even Brady deferred to her.

  There seemed to be a full turnout of Amazons. Everywhere you looked there was
some woman in Amazon leathers and tiger stripe fatigues toting what I learned
was a German made fully automatic submachine gun. When it came to weaponry,
money was never an issue for a Pagan or an Amazon. While I was chatting with one
of the Amazon guards, she showed me her Heckler & Koch Model MP5N. Later, at the
H&K Web site, I learned it was the same weapon used by the US Navy Seals, hence
the N in MP5N.

  I concluded the meeting must be deadly serious. Perhaps the DEA had hired a
new "get tough" regional director.

  There was one other thing that seemed odd Friday night. Earlier, when I was
outside enjoying the cool mountain air, I heard the sound of chainsaws coming
from about two hundred yards from the Main Lodge. Not having to suck anybody's
cock at the moment, I wondered over to discover about ten Pagans clearing the
trees off a good acre of ground. A bulldozer was ripping stumps out of the
ground then smoothing dirt over the hole left when the stump was removed. Serge
seemed to be in charge. I put on my "whore looking for a fuck" countenance and
approached him.

  "What's this for?" I asked.

  "Landing zone," was Serge's reply. I remember that Serge was in the Marines
and terms like "landing zone" were in his vocabulary.

  "That's too small to land a plane."

  "It's for a helicopter," said Serge with a look that implied I was a couple of
IQ points short of being an imbecile.

  "When's the party start?" I needed to communicate that I really didn't care
about the Landing Zone. I just wanted to know when the Pagans would be ready to
fuck me.

  "No party tonight, this is a business meeting," replied Serge. I guess there
is a sober side to Pagans.

  Amazingly, a caterer's truck showed up with a nice dinner from one of the
local Laconia motel resorts. Everyone behaved in a most un-Pagan like manner. We
even had cocktails from an open bar. Cocktails, now that was shocker. The last
time I was at the camp, most of the Pagans who were not swilling beer out of
bottles were drinking from quarts of Jack Daniels or Jim Beam. When I saw Kurt
with a mixed drink in his hand, I looked out the window to see if any pigs were
flying by.

  As I mingled with the small crowd, I picked up a lot of talk about the
activities of the DEA. There was also serious conversation about the increasing
difficulties of acquiring sufficient quantities of the ingredients needed to
manufacture methamphetamine. I gather some of the chemical ingredients are
highly corrosive and dangerous to handle. Pagans occasionally mention the names
of members killed when a manufacturing lab exploded. I guess "bigness" brings
its own set of problems.

   There were also more than the usual discussions about members of rival gangs
being spotted in Pagan territory. When you have a drug business worth hundreds
of millions of dollars, it's only natural that competitors will attempt to gain
some of the market. However, the Pagans had not read Adam Smith's Wealth of
Nations, and did not believe that competition was good for the economy. They
were more than willing to kill to maintain their monopoly.  The Pagans certainly
had their competitors in the drug trade. I had heard them mention Mongols, Hells
Angels, Banditos, Nomads, and Satan's Slaves plus others I can't remember.  The
most serious rival was the Mongols who were a LA based Latino club that
supposedly had plans to move east and challenge the Pagans on their home
territory. I sensed a drug war was in the immediate future.

  We all ate dinner without anybody getting sucked off under the table or a
single knife being pulled. Afterwards, we're sitting in main lodge having after
dinner drinks (believe me it felt so weird to see the guys from The Side Car
with a brandy snifter in their tattooed hand), when Brady decided matters were
too tame. Maybe he was trying to put Kurt in his place. Just when I had decided
someone had transformed the Pagans into the Boy Scouts, Brady made an
announcement.

  "Let's have a cock sucking contest, Simone against your girl, Kurt."  I was
used to the Pagans not remembering my name. There were guys at The Side Car I
fucked in ever hole I had four times over who couldn't remember my name.

  "How about we start with a blowjob, then I'll ride the Hershey highway?" was
their opening gambit. I would have preferred "Arlene, how about a blowjob?"

  Everyone thought a contest was a super idea. I wasn't sure my competing
against Simone was fair. I was an amateur blowjob artist but Simone was a
professional. She got paid to suck dick, lap dance, and fuck.  She was also an
exotic dancer with an incredible body. Still, as usual I didn't have a choice in
the matter. My going along with the competition was a given.

  The rules were pretty simple.  Two teams of five guys would be selected on the
basis of drawing the five highest and five lowest cards from a deck. Someone
would yell "go" and the first girl, Simone or myself, to swallow five loads of
jism was the winner. Just when I thought I was doing this for the glory, Brady
tossed $3,000 on the table as a prize for the winner.

  Personally, I think I won because I was lucky to get Pagans who were younger
and came quicker. On the other hand, I do give one hell of a hummer. I'd been
sucking cock since I was fourteen and it was something I really liked to do.
I've read several articles in Cosmopolitan about how to give the best head
possible. I might add I genuinely like it when a man has an orgasm while his
cock is in my mouth. Guys have told me that I have an incredibly hot mouth. Lots
of married guys have compared me very favorably to their wife, not favorably
enough, however, to offer to divorce the little lady and marry me instead.

  A strong positive for me is that you can't really tell when a guy shoots cum
in your vagina or asshole. But in your mouth, you can definitely feel (and
taste) the male ejaculation. I like to experience the guy's cock jerking those
final pre-cum moments followed by the presence of body temperature cum flowing
into my mouth.  Somehow it makes it all real and final when you swallow down
their essence.

  Some of my college roommates hated the idea of a guy cumming in their mouth
and only allowed it when they were drunk or trying to impress the guy with what
a hot piece of ass they were. These were the kind of girls who sucked their
guy's cock until they got him to the altar then announced on the honeymoon that
they don't do that anymore.

  In my case, I find the taste enjoyable. It's creamy with a salty flavor and
rather mild. Some guys have stronger tasting semen than others but compared to
other bodily fluids like piss, semen is downright yummy.  For those girls who
consider cum in their mouths, a big deal, I can only say that the most even the
biggest stud ever squirted in my mouth was a couple of tablespoons.  On average,
I'd say the normal guy produces two teaspoons. So what's the big deal with
imbibing that small amount of liquid, especially since guys consider girls who
swallow something special? When I was in high school and later college, I seldom
lacked for a Saturday night date; because the guy knew that if he took me to
dinner and a movie or dancing, I was going to drain his pipe just for starters.

  They cleared a small area in the middle of the lodge for the contest. Even the
Amazons who aren't supposed to be interested in guy sex hung around. Maybe they
fantasized that instead of a cock in my mouth, it was their clit. Who knows?

  That was the first time I noticed the little pixie blonde named Kelly that I
later fell in love with. Some of the Amazons were bi-sexual so I wasn't
surprised when she took a seat nearby. Before we got started, I was kneeling
down getting ready to soak my tonsils in cum when I looked over at her. She
smiled and I smiled back. If you can believe in love at first sight under those
circumstances, you're definitely a believer.

  Each set of the five guys got naked and sat down on two couches across from
each other. The guys started stroking themselves. Let's face it, most guys love
to play with their cocks and having a crowd watching really encourages them to
handle their privates.

  Simone and I stripped. Simone being a natural performer wanted to put on a
little pre-contest show so she wrapped her arms around me and we executed some
very torrid lip locks. We sucked each other's nipples. Simone's boobs were
augmented and felt heavy and unnatural to me. But when was the last time, you
saw a nude dancer with the tits God gave her?

  Simone slide down to her knees and licked my cunt while I obligingly held my
labia apart so she could tongue the parts that did the most good.  As soon as
she stood up, I knelt down and obliged her with several minutes of mouth-on-clit
action.

   There were lots of hoots and hollers as I performed a muff dive. Pagan men
(and I would assume the Amazons) like to watch females perform homosexual sex.
It's very much a part of being a Pagan girl.  I've only seen Pagan guys perform
homosexual sex on one occasion and that was under very unusual circumstances. In
fact, it was the very next day but I'll get into that several paragraphs down
from here. When Aunt Carol first mentioned that I would be expected to do a
certain amount of rug munching, as she put it, I had been repelled by the idea
but at the same time determined to do whatever it took to advance my career at
the newspaper. However, over time and having eaten more pussy than I could
remember in the last six months, I discovered that a woman's mouth on your cunt
is a very good thing. Being a woman, she knows exactly what feels good. I might
also add that for the most part Pagan men are too fucking lazy to eat pussy. In
all the times, we fucked, I think Kurt kissed me down there once and that was
probably a mistake. 

  Simone and I got in position between the first guy's legs. If we couldn't get
a guy to shoot right away, we could skip to the next guy and return later to
"Mr. I Can't Drop My Load". Brady yelled, "go" and we opened our mouths and took
in the first cock.

 Without going into a lot of detail, I won quite easily. Simone's third guy was
her problem. I thought that my Number 4, whose name was Ernie might be slow to
shoot since he looked to be about eighty pounds overweight with a tiny cock
protectively hidden by a large roll of belly fat. However, Ernest surprised me
by painting my tonsils in about the time a thirteen-year boy would pop for the
school's head cheerleader. When I had my fifth contribution of man paste resting
securely on my tongue, I looked around to see that Simone had transferred her
mouth to Number 4 but Number 3 and Number 5 were still seated on the couch.

  A cheer from the crowd signaled my victory to Simone who looked up from Number
4. I don't think losing the contest meant much to Simone. Three grand wasn't big
money to a girl who probably cleared several thousand tax-free dollars each week
from tips and prostitution. Simone smiled at me and extended her hand for a
congratulatory handshake. I wrapped my arms around her and gave her a snowball.
The crowd got real quite as Simone and I let semen coat our lips and cheeks as
we passionately kissed. I broke the embrace and made an offer.

  "Let me help you finish."

  Simone responded by kissing me again. She returned to Number 4 and I went to
work on Number 5. Number 5 was a quick shooter and I finished him just as Simone
got a mouth load of Number 4. We did some more highly visible semen swapping.
The crowd had gotten into the action. Scattered about the room were Pagan girls
with their holes filled. Some of the Amazons had dropped their jeans and were
busily working their clit.    

  Kelly had pushed her combat tiger stripes down to her knees. Two fingers of
one hand were spreading her labia while fingers of her other hand were doing a
360 around her clit. There was a bottle of Astro-Glide sitting on the table
beside her. I remember thinking how beautiful and sexy she was with her pants
down to her knees and her little love button poking out.

  I let me eyes linger on her lovely body. We made eye contact and I guess it
was lust at first sight. Kelly, the only woman I ever loved (well maybe I love
Denise a little) and the one who turned out to be my undoing.

  That left Simone's Number 3 sitting there looking highly embarrassed. I guess
there is a risk for males in that kind of contest. Number 3's name was Ben and
he was a Side Car regular. I'm not sure why Simone hadn't gotten him to pop. Ben
had screwed me several times and I didn't recall a problem. Maybe he was tired
or had the flu. Boys have their moments when they just can't force their little
soldiers out into the world

  Feeling a certain loyalty to the group that collected at The Side Car, I
nudged Simone and said, "Let's do him together." Simone proved to be my kind of
girl. We pulled Ben off the couch onto the carpet where we both could work on
him.

  We lifted his legs up so we could lick his asshole as well as his cock. Men
love it when you tongue fuck their butt. Ben relaxed his sphincter and opened
right up so we could take turns. Simone bent his legs back to where he could
practically kiss his knees. That allowed her to tongue his asshole from the top
while I worked up from the bottom.

  Two wet tongues lashing his anus reversed Ben's inability to get hard. After
thirty seconds of being the recipient of a dual rim job, he had a boner that
looked about to burst.

  We made him eat some pussy just as a way of showing his appreciation for the
additional effort we were going to. Ben had a full beard so that tickled and got
Simone and I laughing as we licked his ass and nuts while one of us deep
throated his now very hard cock. In a matter of moments, Ben served up a nice
load of jism that Simone and I once again shared for the benefit of the crowd.
For the finale, Simone pushed me on my back and went down on me. I climaxed long
and loud then returned the favor by slowly eating Simone to orgasm. I was laying
there in recovery mode when Brady spoke up.

  "Big day tomorrow, let's turn in," announced my club president. He was
probably unhappy because Kurt's entry in the cock-sucking contest won. I quickly
dressed and grabbed my $3,000 off the table and stuck it in my pocket. That was
equal to a month's take home pay.

  I looked at the clock and saw it was only 11:00PM. Wow, I remember thinking,
maybe the Pagans are going corporate.

  I followed Brady to his cabin where all he wanted was a blowjob. I suspect a
guy with a chain of nude dancing clubs could actually get bored with sex. He
finished quickly. As I was about to curl up in Brady's king size bed (rank has
it privileges) there was a knock on the door and a tall black haired Pagan stuck
his head in the door.

  "Brady, can you send her my way when you're done," said Brady's head of
security and second in command, a Pagan named Ken who had a nasty reputation
especially when it came to women. I'd never actually met Ken but some of the
girls had told me what a prick he was.

  "I'm done now, take her," replied Brady.  Being a Pagan girl is definitely not
for a woman who needs re-enforcement of her self-esteem. You are a fuck-toy and
nothing but a fuck-toy. I climbed out of bed and re-dressed. What I didn't know
was that Ken and Kurt liked each other about as much as those pit bulls that
Kurt liked to watch kill one another.

  Ken saw the opportunity to get his hands on Kurt's woman of the moment and
cause her pain. I guess he figured that would piss Kurt off. It wouldn't make
Kurt mad because of me but because slapping me around showed you weren't afraid
of Kurt Lambert. I know that doesn't sound right but it's a male ego thing and
women never quite understand how that works.

  I got dressed and followed Kurt. There was a golf cart right outside. He
motioned for me to get in and we drove a half-mile to a cabin that was set off
from the others. As it turned out, the reason he took me there was that he liked
to hurt women during intercourse and it was far enough away from the other cabin
that no one would hear my screams. As I discovered, Ken especially liked to hurt
a woman that was for now considered the property of one Kurt Lambert.

  Of course, I didn't figure any of this out until the next day. I am so damn
stupid, especially about men.

  We walked in and Ken began our lovemaking by punching me in the stomach. It
was a full force right in the gut blow that slammed me up against the wall.

  "I like it rough," snarled Ken as she pushed my tank top up above my tits and
grabbed my nipples between his thumb and forefinger for a vicious twist. He put
his knee against my mid-section to hold me upright while he tried to rip my
nipples off. You'd think after several months with the Pagans I'd be used to
violence for foreplay. I'd been spanked so many times during intercourse I
almost considered it normal. The truth is you never get used to being slapped
around and beaten like a dog.

   My body was focused on bring some air back into my lungs. One hundred percent
of the air previously occupying them had been forced out when my diaphragm
snapped upward in response to Ken's fist. My nipples were on fire and I didn't
have any air to scream with.

  I had a moment when I mentally questioned whether Ken's definition of "rough
sex" allowed me to slam a knee into his balls. I discarded that idea figuring it
would result in my immediate death.

 I finally got enough air back to scream and then start pleading for him to quit
hurting me.

 "Don't hit me again," was all I managed to say before an opened palm slap rang
my bell. I got dizzy and almost lost consciousness. I could taste blood in my
mouth.

  Ken threw me on the bed and ripped my jeans off. He straddled me and started
slapping my face as I cried and begged him to stop. I took a couple of straight
punches to my boobs that hurt so badly I wanted to die. Being punched in a tit
by a two hundred pound muscular biker makes a girl wish for a double mastectomy.
Ken took a break for a minute to strip his clothes off. Then he climbed between
my legs and pushed inside my dry hole causing me to scream in pain. He had a big
cock and he had put a very nasty French ticker on while I was busy trying to
breathe.

   The Pagans are into French ticklers. I'll even admit they can be fun if
you're in the mood, already been fucked a couple of times and need a little
extra sensation to get you off. I've had some very explosive vaginal orgasms
when those little rubber nodules are stimulating the walls of my cunt. But there
are ticklers used for pleasure and there are another kind that come from Mexico
(or so I am told) that are intended to cause excruciating pain to a part of a
woman's body that is the last place you want it. Reno told me that the Mexican
Federal Police had them made to aid in the interrogation of prisoners.

  I thought someone had stuck a buzz saw in my pussy. I reared up so far when I
felt my vaginal walls being scoured that almost managed to throw Ken off me. He
responded by slapping my face again. I saw stars and almost passed out. It felt
like he had wrapped his dick in a Brillo Pads. The next morning when I woke up,
I found the damn thing on the floor. It was covered in sharp one-inch spikes of
hard rubber. It was also covered in my blood.

  So what does Arlene do while Ken is fucking her with a tickler made in hell.
She screams, pleads, writhes, chokes, cries, sobs, and begs for him to stop. And
just in case, my cunt was not causing me enough agony, he kept delivering the
occasional slap or digging his fingernails into my nipples and twisting them to
see if they were removable.

  I tried to fuck him to take his mind off beating me to a pulp. I pulled him
into me and started pumping his cock although it hurt like hell. Being punched
does not get me lubricated so his rubber clad cock felt like sandpaper as he
went into me. He spent some time chewing (and chewing is accurate and
descriptive) on my breasts. They were covered with bite marks the next day.  For
the next few minutes, he repeatedly slapped and punched me as he fucked my
pussy. Finally, he finished, rolled off and went to sleep. Every part of my body
was on pain. I lay there and sobbed myself to sleep.

  When I woke up it was after 9:00AM. Ken was gone, Thank God. I staggered back
to Kurt's cabin where my luggage was stored. Kurt was leaving as I arrived.

  "What happened to you?" asked Kurt.

  "Ken," was all I replied.

  Kurt looked real pissed. I could see that the good Kurt was giving way to the
psycho Kurt.  I remember thinking, rather hoping that Ken was a dead man and
that Kurt would take his time killing that bastard. If Kurt would hold Ken down,
I would have been more than happy to slice Ken's nuts off with the K-bar that
Kurt used on those solemn occasions.

  I gingerly climbed into the shower. Simone wondered in and sat on the commode
to take a piss. She took one look at me and shook her head.

  "Ken do that?" asked Simone, somehow she knew. Simone may be an exotic dancer
who lived off her pussy but she wasn't stupid.

  "Yes," was all I managed.

  "Bastard, he loves to hurt women, he put my friend Suzy in the hospital. He
knocked out all her front teeth and broke her jaw."

  On that basis, I suppose I was lucky. I took a nice long hot shower. Simone
joined me in the shower stall and we fooled around a little. Outside of a few
bruises and contusions, I wasn't really injured. My boobs felt the worst but no
one was going to stick anything in my pussy for a while. Fortunately, unlike my
mother, I don't bruise easily. Simone gave me some painkillers and that helped
me get my day started without too much soreness.

  So there I was half asleep lying on the dock in the warm mid day sun when I
heard the sound of helicopter approaching.  I came up on my elbows and watched
as the large twin rotorcraft descended onto the Landing Zone that Serge's crew
had cleared last night.

  "Jesus, who's that?" I was genuinely curious. I'd never heard that the Pagans
had a helicopter. And this wasn't some little two seater. It looked like the
kind the President flies to Camp David.

  "I'm not supposed to say," whispered Kelly who was lying right beside me. So
far, all we'd done was rub sun tan lotion over each other. Of course, that got
us both worked up. But Kelly was on guard duty and couldn't leave the dock area.
Otherwise I suspect we'd gone to a cabin for some serious girl sex.

  I must have looked disappointed because Kelly immediately went on.

  "You promise to tell no one."

  "Cross my heart and hope to die." Sometimes when we girls are naked and it's
just us girls, we like to be silly.

  "I could get in real trouble if anybody found out I told you."

  "Mum's the word." I did the key thing indicating my lips were locked and
sealed, even sillier girl stuff.

  "That's Senator William's helicopter."

  "I am such a big fan of hers. I'd love to meet her," I said working to hide my
intense curiosity why a US Senator would attend a meeting of one of the
country's most notorious criminal organizations. When I think of all the things
I'd done to become a Pagan and the compromises and changes I undergone just to
learn whether there was a connection between the Pagans and the Senator, it was
amazing that I controlled my urge to jump up and shout "Eureka". I kept my cool.

  "You won't be able to get near her. Rhonda would shoot you for even trying."

  "Well, maybe some day, I'll meet the great lady. By the way, Kelly, I really
like you. Maybe we could have dinner some time."

  "That would be great. I'll call you next week." I gathered from her reply she
was just as interested in me as I in her. The fact that I had decided to take my
time and not rush things with Kelly proved how serious my interest was in her.
If she had been someone I was just attracted to sexually, I would have said,
"let's go find a cabin and eat pussy," but from the start, Kelly was different.

  Someone announced lunch and we wandered over to the picnic tables where a
really scrumptious lunch was laid out. Normally, the Pagans idea of lunch was
hamburgers and chilidogs. But the main dish was a fresh Salade Nicoise and there
were little finger sandwiches plus fresh brewed ice tea. I decided the presence
of the Senator and the Amazons was responsible for the change in faire.

  After lunch, we all went back to sunbathing and most of the girls fell asleep.
Because I was slightly bruised and the word had spread that Ken had beat the
crap out of me, Kelly insisted I sit in a chaise lounge while all the other
girls were lying on the hard wooden surface of the dock. I tried to go to sleep
but Simone's painkillers had worn off and I was hurting too much to nod off even
in the warm sunshine. I was trying to read a Daniel Steele novel but I was too
sleepy to read and in to much pain to sleep. Kelly was sleeping right beside the
chaise. I kept looking down at her body wondering what it would be like to kiss
those beautiful thighs. Suddenly, something out on the lake attracted my
attention.

  The lake had been pretty empty, mostly sailboats gliding by in the final days
of summer. School starts early in New England so things were quiet.  I watched
four powerboats come into view. Even though they were over a half-mile away, I
could hear their engines, as they appeared to be moving at full throttle across
the center of the lake. I decided they were probably some kids water-skiing. I
did some water-skiing years ago on that very same lake so I decided to take a
look.

  Rita, one of the Amazon guards had left her binoculars on the edge of the
chaise. She had decided that the heavy Zweiss field glasses were a little too
much to lug around on a warm summer day when nothing was likely to happen.
Casually, I picked them up and focused on the speedboats.

  As I brought the field glasses to my eyes, I realized the powerboats had
gotten much closer and seemed to be heading right at us. I watched them a moment
before I raised the glasses. It took me a minute to focus the glasses in the
right direction. When I managed to get the glasses trained on the lead speedboat
I saw that it was full of men with guns and that two men were on the forward
deck aiming a machine gun in my direction. It was a real machine gun. The kind
that sits on a tripod where there's a metal box with a belt of ammunition
sitting beside the machine gun.

  "Kelly, are we expecting some people to arrive by boat?" I didn't want to
panic and make a fool of myself. Kelly raised her head and looked out at the
boats that were getting closer. She sat up and took the field glasses from me.

  "Fuck, " was all she said as she dropped the glasses and jumped up grabbing my
hand to pull me up.

  "Run, Arlene, we're being attacked, everyone get in the trees," shouted Kelly.
All the sleeping women started to move. Amazons and Pagan girls know that when
someone yells, "run"; they'd better get their asses in gear.  I heard a far off
chattering sound and saw the wooden decking of the dock begin to disintegrate.
Several women screamed as bullets tore the boards to shreds. Kelly and I ran
naked toward the woods as bullets buzzed around us. For those of you, who've
seen the first ten minutes of "Saving Private Ryan", I can only say that's what
it was like. A good half dozen Pagan and Amazons girls did not make it off that
dock alive. Another half dozen were wounded. I was running for my life when I
passed a wounded Amazon sitting on the deck holding a handful of her intestines.
Just as I reached her, a bullet blew her head apart showering blood and brains
all over my right side. I screamed and ran faster.

   As Kelly and I were about to reach the shore, Simone who was running in front
of us, stumbled and fell as the deck exploded in front of her feet. I fell right
over the top of her and rolled. When I looked back, there was Simone screaming
and holding her leg. There was a piece of wood embedded in her thigh. I grabbed
Simone and pulled her upright but she couldn't stand on the wounded leg.
Instinctively, I threw her over my shoulder in a fireman's carry and ran the
final few steps off the dock and into the trees where I found a large pine tree
that we could both hide behind. Bullets were splattering tree bark and I was
temporarily blinded when some got in my eye. Thank God I was able to clear it
although it left me a nasty scratch on the cornea that took days to heal.

  Kelly reappeared wearing only a Kevlar vest and carrying her MP5N. There is no
sexier sight on earth sexier than Kelly clad only in a bulletproof vest carrying
a submachine gun. I can still get wet remembering her dressed like that.  I
heard gunshots coming from the direction of the main lodge followed by some loud
explosions.

  "DEA," I yelled to Kelly. I just had the thought that I might be on the wrong
side in a shootout between our nations law enforcement and the Pagans. Therefore
I would either die in the attack or spend the rest of my life in prison for
being there.

  "No, not DEA, Mongols, I think," replied Kelly shaking her head as she aimed
and fired her H&K.

  "I got one," squealed Kelly after she squeezed off a short burst, "Shit. I'm
almost out of ammo."

   Kelly and three of the Amazons plus some armed Pagans were engaged in a
firefight with several dozen of the Mongols. Shattered pine bark and tree limbs
were raining down on us. I was naked trying to comfort an equally naked Simone
who was in a lot of pain. I had to stop her from getting up and running away.

  "We can't hold them here, fall back toward the lodge, I'll cover you." I heard
someone shout. I turned around and there was one Rhonda Powers firing a very
large machine gun with a belt of ammunition wrapped around her shoulder. She
tossed a bag of 9MM clips to the Amazons who reloaded and went back to firing
toward the dock. Rhonda looked like something out of one of those Men's Combat
magazines except she was female and lesbian. Rhonda's long burst of machine gun
fire silenced the attacking Mongols for the moment. Rhonda gave you the
impression that holding and firing a fifty-caliber machine gun was nothing out
of the ordinary.

  Kelly told Simone and me to get started back toward the lodge. She and the
Amazons would cover us but only for a few seconds.

  Simone could now walk if she leaned on me. We left the protective giant pine
and ran for our lives as bullets whizzed past us. Whether it was because I
didn't know the camp's terrain as well as I should have or it was the result of
being scared out of my mind, Simone and I got separated from the others.
Luckily, after a while, we seemed to be moving away from the firing.

  Simone announced she couldn't go further so we slipped down in a muddy gully
to rest. I decided to stay there until I had a reason to move. I tried to use
some of the water from the stream at the bottom of the gully to clean the blood
off me but I only succeeded in making matters worse.

  It sounded like a war was being conducted around the lodge. I heard several
loud explosions. The firing from the direction of the lodge would intensify then
drop off. I had no idea how much time passed before the shooting became
sporadic.

  I began to thing seriously about two questions. Was it over and who won? If it
was the Mongols and they eventually found us, we were good as dead. Simone
wasn't bleeding all that badly. I decided not to try and remove the wooden
splinter. According to the ER doctor, that was a very good decision on my part.

  While I wondering how two naked women covered with mud were going to fare in
the woods, I head the sound of someone running in our direction. I put my finger
to my lips to tell Simone to stay quiet as I poked my head out of the gully.

 "Shit." There were two Mongols running directly toward us. They were stopping
at odd intervals to fire back at their pursuers. My first thought was that if
the Mongols were on the run that was a good thing. My second thought was that if
they happened upon Simone and I hiding in the ditch, they'd shoot us.

  Right as the Mongols reached our gully, I heard the chatter of a submachine
gun and the Mongols tumbled in right on top of us. One Mongol was obviously dead
since most of the back of his head was missing. That really freaked Simone out.
She let out a screech and fainted dead away. The other Mongol was perforated in
several locations but still moaning. I reached down and grabbed the gun out of
his hands in case he decided to take Simone and I with him to Mongol heaven.

  I heard a noise above me and looked up to see a tall blonde dressed in
fatigues and wearing a baseball cap cradling an MP5N in her arms.

  "Don't shoot, we're Pagans," I shouted dropping the gun I'd taken from the
wounded Mongol.

  "I gathered that," said the blonde as she jumped in the ditch.

  "The Mongols wore clothes," she said as she took the wounded Mongol's head in
her hands and snapped his neck. She did it so effortlessly and with such
casualness, it sent a chill down my spine.

  I detected a slight movement behind her in the ditch. I looked past Blondie
and saw a Mongol aiming at her back.

  "Look out," I screamed and pointed.

  In a blur of movement, Blondie whirled around and blew him away. It was
inhuman how fast she moved. The Mongol died with a look of shock and surprise on
his face.

  At that moment, Rhonda Powers and four Amazons arrived.

  "I wish you wouldn't run ahead, you know we can't keep up," said an out of
breath Rhonda.

  "I didn't want any of them to get away," said Blondie.

  "We found five vans and a pickup truck down near the cutoff onto our road.
That's for those that came in from the highway. We took care of the drivers,"
said Rhonda.

  "Thanks, Candace Williams" said Blondie looking at me and extending her hand.
I managed to get my act together enough to mumble, "It was just an involuntary
reaction. I'm Arlene Fairchild. That's Simone."

  "Well, Arlene, Let's get you and Simone back to the Lodge," said Candace.

  "Simone's got a piece of wood in her leg, it's from the dock," I replied.

  "You must have been sunbathing when this started," replied Candace.

  "Yes, I managed to get off just in time."

  "Lois, Tina, give Arlene a hand. Take them back to the Lodge. Rhonda and I are
going to do a final sweep of the area."

  Candace and Rhonda took off at dead run with two of the Amazons. The other two
helped me get Simone out of the ditch. We had to take turns carrying her back to
the Lodge.

  When we got there, the place looked like it was a war zone. Wounded were
screaming for help. A Pagan was walking around putting a bullet in the head of
the dead Mongols just to be sure. There were four cabins nearest to the Lodge on
fire and no one was trying to put them out. The front porch of the Lodge was
shot to pieces. There was blood all over the patio deck. They had just managed
to put a fire out in the Lodge itself. There were bodies everywhere. As we
approached the Lodge, we came upon a large group of dead Mongols. I quit
counting at twenty.

  A couple of the Pagans were EMT's and others were trained as corpsmen in the
military so they were taking care of Pagan and Amazon wounded on the patio right
outside the Lodge. I spotted Kelly in the distance. I was glad she was okay. She
had found some fatigue pants but her upper body was clad only in a bulletproof
vest and you could clearly see her breasts. That's another hot image I keep in
my mind and only take out when I masturbate.

  The fact that Simone and I were buck-naked didn't seem to matter. Let's face
it, Simone stripped for a roomful of men several times each day. And every Pagan
still alive had watched me suck off a burro and screw a couple of Dalmatians two
months ago when I joined.

  I left Simone with the wounded and ran over to my cabin. It hadn't burned but
the front windows were shot out. There was broken glass everywhere and I had a
tough time getting into the bathroom without slicing up my feet. Since I was
covered in mud and blood, I had to shower. No one had shot a hole in the hot
water tank therefore I was able to clean the half inch of caked dirt off me in
record time. I dressed in jeans and a tank top and ran back to the main lodge.

  Except for one cabin, the fires were burned out and it appeared some order was
being brought out of the chaos. Brady Summers was seated in a patio chair with
his arm bandaged. He looked like he had been through hell.  I saw Serge walking
away and ran after him to ask about Kurt.

  "He's pretty badly shot up. They're arranging to get him to a hospital along
with the other wounded," said Serge who was walking away from the Lodge toward
the Landing Zone. I could see the big helicopter sitting there looking
untouched.

  "Where are you going?" I asked Serge.

  "Get the Cat to dig a hole for the fucking Mongols."

  I realized the "Cat" was the big bulldozer, I seen him ridding last night
clearing the stumps off the Landing Zone.

  "Where is Kurt?" I repeated my question. All right, Kurt was criminally
insane, a psycho killer who let anyone who wanted me climb aboard but he did
have a nine-inch cock that could get harder than steel and he and I were in some
kind of relationship. Sometimes, I think the greatest weakness of women is their
willingness to stand by their man regardless.

  "He's in the Lodge with the rest of the wounded. He's probably not going to
make it. I'm going to kill every fucking Mongol in the world for this."

  I ran back to the Lodge where I found Kurt lying beside the other wounded. 
People were screaming in pain. There was Rita, the Amazon whose field glasses I
used, with her hand blown off sitting in the corner holding a tourniquet around
her upper arm. She had the bloody stump elevated on a footstool. Ever so often,
she used her good hand and teeth to loosen up the tourniquet to let some of the
blood flow. Amazons are one tough group of women.

  Kurt was laying on the floor unconscious. He had been shot in the chest and
both legs. He was deathly pale. Someone had bandaged his wounds but there was
blood seeping through the bandages.

  "Arlene, can you go with the wounded? We're short handed." I heard a voice
behind me that I recognized. When I turned I saw Rhonda, Brady, and Senator
Williams looking at me from across the room.

  "Sure, Kurt needs to get to a hospital or he'll die," I said as I hurried
over.

  "Agreed, you're in charge of the wounded. We're going to send you with them to
the place we use. I just contacted them and they're expecting you. Here take
this and give it to Doctor Adams when you arrive. Tell him, we'll wire transfer
the rest," said Brady handing me a large canvas bag.

  "Serge said you were smart and could be trusted. You helped Kurt take care of
some business a month ago," said Rhonda. Now the coded phrase "takes care of
business" or "TCOB" as the Pagans liked to abbreviate it, meant that you had
participated in some heinous act of murder or torture or both where the Pagans
had extracted revenge for some wrong. I suppose they were referring to the
murder of Rose and Tony Petrillo. Yes, I'd help Kurt take care of business.
Pagans can get a "T.C.O.B." tattooed on their arms after they kill someone for
the club. Kurt had it tattooed on his shoulder.

  A half hour later, I was taking my first ever helicopter ride. In my lap was a
canvas bag containing $1million in bright new one hundred dollar bills. I was
seated up front right behind the two pilots, both Amazons. Rita, the Amazon with
the missing hand was on the floor beside me with her stump resting on my thigh.
I had one hand wrapped around her making sure she stayed upright. My clothes
were already covered with blood from helping load the wounded onto the
helicopter. Even though it was a large helicopter, every spare inch was crowded
with people leaking blood on the carpeted deck. Outside of the pilots, I was the
only non-wounded person aboard. There were moans and the occasional scream
coming from the wounded when the helicopter hit a pocket of rough air.

  We flew northward for about an hour. I can read a compass. The hour gave me
time to think about my situation. I had just witnessed possibly the largest and
most deadly shootout ever between rival motorcycle gangs. At the time, I
suspected upward of fifty people died.

  Later, I found out the death toll was eighty-seven Mongols, nineteen Amazons,
and twenty-one Pagans. As far as the Pagans knew, all the Mongols had been
killed or captured. Seven Mongols including two Mongol girls who drove the vans
had been captured. While I was in the Lodge getting the wounded ready to leave,
I saw the captured Mongols on the other side of the room.

   They had been stripped and tied up. Male Pagans were busy screwing two of the
Mongol men in the asshole. That was the only time that I ever saw Pagan males
engaged in homosexual acts. I suppose it was their way of showing the ultimate
in disrespect.

They were tied across two coffee tables in a way that left their assholes easily
accessible.

  The other three male Mongols had their hands cuffed behind their backs. There
was a strand of piano wire looped around their balls and the other end of the
wire was attached to a beam in the ceiling. The length of the piano wire kept
them standing on their tiptoes. I figured that by Sunday night, those five guys
would be castrated and dead.   I learned afterwards that the Pagans suspected
that the Mongols had a traitor inside the Pagans who tipped them off about the
business meeting. It was Rhonda's job to interrogate the captives to see if they
knew whom the traitor was.

   Based on my own later experience, I can only imagine how horribly they died.
One of the guys at the Side Car later told me that he had watched Rhonda peel
all the skin off the Mongol girls. I gather it was done in front of all the
Pagans and Amazons who were there at the time of the attack. It was the club's
form of a quasi-public execution. I remember how he described it.

  "It was very interesting. I didn't know you could peel the hide off a human
just like it was a rabbit or a chicken. Rhonda used the same type of skinning
knives that the Indians used to skin a captive. She started up a gas grill. That
kept the knives red hot. She would use a knife till it cooled off then switch to
a hot one."

  "The Mongol bitch was scared shitless when the Amazons brought her out and
hung her up to a ceiling beam. She had big titties and a fat ass. She and the
other Mongol cunt had been fucked all night. The Amazons had worked on their
holes with special toys. Her twat and asshole were bleeding. Rhonda started with
two long cuts down each side of her spine from the top of her shoulders to the
crack of her ass. Every time that hot knife began to peel her hide off, she
screamed like a banshee. The cuts weren't deep. Rhonda used a special flat knife
to scrape the skin off. She worked from back to front, slowly taking the entire
hide off but keeping it in one piece. Rhonda did the same with the legs. She
made a vertical slit that stated at the bottom of her wide ass and went all the
way to the soles of her feet. Rhonda has a talent for that sort of thing."

  "You could see all her muscles and the blood vessels. People look strange
without their skin. When Rhonda was finished, there wasn't an inch of hide or
hair left on that girl.  The skin that covered her pussy peeled away from her
hole. I never saw a skinned pussy before. It was awesome."

  "Rhonda cut her face off so she couldn't close her eyes. Hair and scalp came
off real easy and natural like. Eyelids went right with the kisser. She
carefully worked the hide off the Mongol bitch's tits. Nipples came off and you
could see the glands that produce milk for babies. She looked like one of those
posters you see at a health club showing where all the muscles are located. I
guess she'd had a baby recently cause her tits were huge and the glands were
full of milk. You should have heard her scream when that hot knife touched her
and the skin came off. Tits look especially weird when the skin's gone. Ever
time, Rhonda peeled off anther strip, that girl would yell lungs out.  Rhonda
kept a half dozen of these long bladed skinning knives heating in the charcoal
brazier. They were red hot when she pulled one out. The skin came right off. It
was something to watch."

  "When Rhonda was done, the girls hide was in one piece. Everybody applauded
Rhonda's work. Rhonda put the skin in one of those Rubbermaid barrels full of
some kind of preservative. I was told that a couple of days later after the hide
had cured, they stuffed it full of those little Styrofoam peanuts they use for
packing boxes and made kind of a doll out of it, like they were doing taxidermy.
Gina saw it and said you could still recognize the girl. The skin was covered
with Mongol tattoos. Rhonda had them put it in a cardboard box and FedEx to the
Mongol's clubhouse in Los Angeles. I'd love to have been a fly on the wall when
the fucking Mongols opened that box."

  "What happened to the other girl?" I asked not really wanting to know.

  "Rhonda brought out a power washer and started it up. It peeled the hide right
off her. It was educational to compare how the Indians used to skin someone
versus what you could do with a power washer. Technology can certainly make a
difference. Inside of fifteen minutes, there wasn't a patch of skin on the
second Mongol girl. Rhonda then gutted the two of them like a deer. They were
still alive looking down at their guts hanging out. They died after a while."

  I didn't ask what happened to the captured male Mongols. I didn't want to
know. I did hear that Rhonda took them somewhere for an extensive interrogation.
I bet they welcomed death by the time Rhonda was done with them.

  I don't think they ever found out whether there was a traitor. I doubted there
was one. Pagans are incredibly loyal to the club. I thought it more likely they
had been observing the camp waiting for the right weekend to attack. After we
arrived Friday night, they took until Saturday afternoon to get organized for an
attack. Kurt made an observation about the Mongol's timing.

  "Stupid Mongols should have waited until dawn Sunday. They would have
slaughtered us."

  An issue I put aside was what I was going to tell the newspaper about this if
anything. I saw the possibility of a Pulitzer Prize. I also saw the possibility
for dying an agonizing death like the captured Mongols. I shoved the Manchester
Union Leader out of my thoughts for the moment. I had agreed to stay at the
hospital with the wounded for a few days. I'd call David on Monday to tell him I
needed to take the week off to be with a relative who was being operated on. He
grudgingly agreed I could take it as vacation. I had to promise him that I would
get a blood test while in the hospital. When I had the results proving I was STD
free, he would come over to my apartment for an afternoon of sex.

  "I miss pissing in your mouth and fucking you," was the way he so gentlemanly
phrased it.  

  The strange thing was that I was beginning to feel more loyalty to the Pagans
than the newspaper. Hell, I now had a pretty exciting life. It certainly beat
pounding out obituaries and wedding notices for the paper.

  As it turned out, I didn't get back to my place for a week. The hospital was
right across the border in Canada. It was a private hospital that over the years
had developed a relationship with the Pagans. If a Pagan or Amazon was seriously
injured and the club wanted to keep the police from becoming involved, they
shipped the wounded Pagan to the Adelphia Hospital in the city of St. John,
Province of Nova Scotia.

  Adelphia was a first class private hospital that was outside of Canada's
national healthcare system. As a result it was expensive as hell. It was also
well staffed and equipped with the latest medical technology. Only one of my
fourteen died. It was Ben; the guy that Simone couldn't get to cum. Ben had
taken a bullet in the brain. Doctor Adams showed me the damage on the X-ray. He
traced the path from the hole behind Ben's left ear to where it ricocheted
inside his skull causing his brain matter to look like it had gone through a
blender. There was really nothing to be done. Doctor Adams and I decided to take
him off life support. I hope he's in some Pagan heaven remembering the great
blowjob that Simone and I gave him.

  Kurt lived to continue to be a menace to society. He walks with a slight limp
that even intense sessions of physical therapy couldn't correct. I consulted
with Doctor Adams on all aspects of each patient's care just like I was their
closet relative. The $1million turned out to be only an initial bribe to the
good doctor himself. The Pagans had to wire several million more dollars to the
hospital's account to pay for patient care.

  I talked to Rhonda each day about her Amazons were progressing. She was
something of a mother hen where they were concerned.

  "Make sure they have fresh flowers in their room every day, and get them
anything they want to read, magazines, books, and if they don't like the food,
have whatever they want catered if the doctors say its okay," were among the
many instructions that Rhonda gave me.

  Money was no object when it came to getting them the best medical care. Rita,
the one who lost her hand was transferred to a clinic in Dallas, Texas that was
the leading facility in the world for fitting prosthetic devices. I had to
arrange for an ambulance to take Rita to a nearby airfield where a private jet
picked her up.

  Doctor Adams gave me the VIP treatment. He should have. Hell, I'd just handed
him $1million in cash. One of the nurses took me to a guest suite normally
reserved for the relatives of sick rich people. I took my role as the one
charged with caring for the wounded seriously. I borrowed a clipboard from
Doctor Adams' administrative assistant. I wrote down each patient's name, room
number and kept a running account of his or her status. I visited each of the
thirteen live patients at least three times a day.

  When Rhonda called, I would go down through the list patient by patient.

  That first night I didn't get to bed until 2:00AM. All I had gone through that
day finally hit home and I collapsed as soon as my head hit the pillow.

  During the week I stayed at Adelphia, I did manage to meet my goal of screwing
a doctor. In fact, I wound up in bed with Doctor Phelps, the head of surgery who
operated on Kurt, a cute Indian anesthesiologist named Doctor Rajit (who was
marvelous at eating my pussy) and a nurse practitioner named Lisa Motherwell
that made me think of Kelly. But not all at once, I behaved myself and acted
like a lady.  I also let Doctor Adams screw me several times on the couch in his
office. He was too busy to ride the elevator up to my room. Hospital sex was
pretty good and one can do some interesting things with those beds you can
adjust. Even Kurt was well enough to want a blowjob before I left.

   By the following weekend, only Kurt and an Amazon named Kendra were still
there. Kendra had been shot in the abdomen and several important organs were
punctured. Kurt was supposed to stay for at least another week. Kendra was going
home the following week. I gave Kurt a final blowjob and promised to return the
following weekend.

  When I'd gotten on the helicopter that Saturday night, Senator Williams handed
me $10,000.

  "For out of pocket expenses," was all she said as she stuck the money in my
purse. I did have to buy clothes and a plane ticket home plus flowers,
magazines, meals, and an ambulance ride for Rita. But when I got back to my
apartment the following Sunday, I had over $3,000 left.  A week later, I got a
FedEx letter containing another $5,000 and a thank you note from Rhonda Powers.

  Later at the Side Car, I learned that Serge dug a large pit with the Cat then
filled it with gasoline and dead Mongols. They burned the bodies for several
hours before they covered them up. The fiberglass powerboats were too badly shot
up to do anything with. Terry salvaged the engines and he and Serge buried the
hulls. The bulldozer certainly came in handy that weekend.  The Mongols vans
were driven to Terry's Automotive and cut into spare parts.

  I was amazed that something involving the death of over a hundred humans could
be kept out of the media. Families of Pagans and Amazons were given anywhere
from $500,000 to $2million to ignore the fact that their loved one was never
coming back from their weekend in Laconia. Of course, if you're related to a
Pagan or an Amazon, you long ago accepted the fact that one day they wouldn't be
coming home.

  I suppose the bereaved were told something like the following.

  "Here's $1million to help you grieve over your lost. By the way, if you open
your mouth about this, you will be joining your loved one."

  You would have thought the disappearance of so many Mongols might cause a
ripple but not one I ever heard. All the Mongols I saw looked Hispanic. I
suppose they just weren't missed.

  I decided to say nothing about the weekend's events to the Manchester Union. I
thought it strange that David hadn't asked for a progress report for several
weeks. Maybe the paper was losing interest in Senator Williams. David did get
his STD free fuck.  I passed the blood test with flying colors so I could spend
an afternoon drinking his pee, sucking his cock, taking it up my ass and eating
a cold hamburger and greasy fries. Wow, what a great job I had.

  When I got back to my apartment, there was a message on my answering machine
from Kelly. I called her back and we set up a dinner appointment.

  When I returned to work in Monday, I did a search on "Mongols". Not
surprisingly all over New England, they were being hunted down and killed. Two
had been shot dead in Pawtucket, Rhode Island the previous night. A gang war was
in progress. That was obvious. When I pulled up to the Side Car that night,
there were several Pagans out front with shotguns.

  I was given some minor credit for foiling the Mongol attack. Simone and Kelly
had told everyone that I was the one that first spotted the incoming powerboats.
Simone as it turned out wasn't hurt badly but the presence of a small scar
pissed her off mightily. The powerboats were supposed to arrive just as the
Mongols who came by van were to attack the main Lodge. Everyone agreed that the
Mongols hadn't counted on the presence of so many Amazons.

  "Stupid bastards didn't figure that the Senator's body guards would be there.
And then of course, there was the Senator herself," was what Reno told me when
we were having a beer at The Side Car.

  "I saw Senator Williams kill three Mongols, she seemed incredibly fast," I
replied. The idea that a US Senator and a female could kill like that fascinated
me.

  "Arlene, you don't know the half of it. She's something beyond human. I bet
the Senator sent twenty-five of the dead Mongols to Hell all by her lonesome.
Somehow she got behind the bunch attacking the Lodge and blew most of them
away."

  "How could she do that?  Was she trained by the CIA or something?"

  "Damned if I know. Terry thinks she's one of those genetically modified
people. Remember that old TV show, The Six Million Dollar Man. He thinks that
some secret government agency created her and that she has superpowers. Of
course, there's another rumor why she's so fast and strong."

  "What's the other rumor?"

  "She sleeps with the devil. Satan himself is her daddy and her lover. When Old
Nick's not around, he sends her freaks to play with. I heard she screws this
crippled soldier at the VA Hospital who hasn't got a face but does have a
fifteen inch cock."

  At that point, I had a difficult time not breaking into gales of laughter.
Pagans are given to believing in UFO's, alien abductions, and crop signs. Your
average Pagan considers crop signs as proof positive there are aliens all around
us. Some of the New England Pagans are also into the occult. I had to remind
myself that we were only about fifty miles from Salem, Massachusetts and Wiccan
is possibly the next most predominant religion after "no religion" among the New
England Pagans.

  I decided that while the Senator's reflex are faster than average the Pagan
male had trouble admitting that a woman might be able to fight better than a
man. Therefore rather than admitting that women are good for something other
than a fuck toy, they ascribed the Senator's capabilities to some weird
government project or the supernatural. The male ego is a fragile thing.

  One final note, Ken didn't survive the attack. There was some mystery how he
was shot in the back of the head while firing toward the Mongols. It was
probably a ricochet, too bad.




Chapter 32 - Arlene Part 11



Please take note! Adults Only Literature

The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written for
adults only.

If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing this
file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
now.

This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
is purely coincidental, etc.

Email HarryBerg01@aol.com with your comments.

Copyright 2003

                                                             ****



Section 11   - Kelly and I



  Sometimes, when I'm in my bed at the Palace, after my last customer has
finished discharging his semen in whatever orifices of mine he paid for, I
remember what it was like when Kelly and I were together. I recall the way we
laughed at stupid things and how I liked to sleep with my arm around her waist
and my face buried in her blonde curls. I try to remember exactly how her voice
sounded when she said,  "I love you Arlene." I think about how her breasts
smelled and how much I looked forward to taking her small pink nipples between
my lips and feeling them harden as I tenderly sucked them.  I remember the fun
we had trying on clothes at the mall and the times we went to gay clubs in
Boston or on the Cape in Provincetown and danced with other lesbians.

  I know it sounds odd but from high school through college and even afterwards,
I never developed what I would call a serious relationship. I'm talking about
really falling in love with someone. I dated some guys for weeks even a few for
several months and one even asked me to marry him but I had never felt for
anyone what I felt for Kelly. It was amazing how quickly and completely I fell
in love with her. In all my years of searching for Mr. Right in the after work
fern bars and pickup joints of Boston and Manchester, until Kelly came along,
I'd never met that one person whose voice was music to my ears and whose touch
alone made me happy.

  When its quiet here and the macaws and the howler monkeys have stopped their
screeching I like to pretend that Kelly is the girl in the next bed and that I
have to do is take a few steps and slip into her waiting arms. Of course, that's
absurd. The girl in the next bed is just another brothel girl like me trying to
catch enough sleep to face a tomorrow of spreading her legs for the gold miners.

  Now that I have poured out my story of lost love and broken hearts, let me get
on my tale.

  Kelly and I became lovers in the months following the attack by the Mongols. I
had never been involved in a relationship with a lesbian. Sure, I'd done my
share of girl sex when events flowed in that direction; however, I'd always
considered that a byproduct of being a Pagan girl. If I was at Kurt's with Serge
and Wanda and the guys wanted to watch Wanda and I get it on, we obliged them. I
can't say I didn't enjoy eating pussy and the dildo strap on action that Gina
and Doris liked was a blast. I especially liked the double strap on, that put
six inches in my cunt and eight in Gina's. Playing the man's part was something
I got my head into.

  "That's right, Arlene, just fuck the shit out of me with that big rubber dick
of ours," was music to my ears.

  Let's face it. Girls have a pussy and know what makes it happy better than
men. But sex with Kelly was different. Over time I chose to become Kelly's
semi-exclusive partner. However, before I get too far along, I should tell you
about Kelly Linier Stewart.

  She was nineteen almost twenty when we met. She'd been an Amazon since she was
eighteen. Because she was smart, capable, and fully committed to the club, she'd
quickly rose in the ranks of the Amazons until she was one of Rhonda Power's
trusted lieutenants. That was in less than two years of belonging to the club.
Kelly made up for being a little shorter and smaller than average by having an
energy level that was out of sight. She was always in motion and had a libido
that was amazing. She was also a very patient and gentle lover who knew how to
rock my world and keep it rocking until I passed out. Kelly loved sex as long as
her partner was female. To Kelly, sex with males was unthinkable.

  "Why would I want their ugly stick of flesh in my body spewing man snot in my
vagina," was how she not so delicately put it.

  Kelly was born into a well off family of Boston Brahmins. Her father, Regis
Stewart was a major downtown Boston real estate developer. He was a member of
the Vault. That's the informal club of rich businessmen and politicians that
really run the city of Boston. Mother Stewart, Diana, was a society matron who
lunched. Kelly had a younger sister, Tiffany who was fifteen when we met and a
baby brother, Erik, who was still in grammar school.

  Kelly was from the kind of background where the parents take the baby's
ultrasound picture to the "right" preschool and put them on the list for
admission four years hence. You've seen those kind of schools listed in Boston
Magazine. Their tuition was more than my annual salary. That insured entry into
the "right" elementary school from where you move on to the "right" high school.
"Right" in this case means you are being fast tracked to the Ivy League:
Harvard, Princeton, Yale, etc.

  When Kelly reached Phillips Exerter Academy, or PE as she called it, the
"right" high school, she was fully trained to believe that scoring 1600 on your
SAT's and getting into an Ivy League school were her missions in life. After
school SAT preparation drills were the norm. Phillips Exeter has far more than
its share of graduates that went on to become CEOs, governors, senators and even
Presidents. As a nationally known prep school for the Ivy League bound wealthy,
it's about as high up the educational food chain as you can get.

  Perhaps, I should mention at this point that Kelly was what we used to call a
"doll". I've seen her school pictures. She was petite with a pixie face and the
most flawless complexion and skin I ever encountered. There wasn't a blemish on
her body. She was a blue eyed natural blonde where I'm a green eyed unnatural
blonde. Actually I have no idea what my true hair color is today. Sometimes I
think what Rhonda did to me turned my tresses gray. Enrique thinks blondes are
more appealing to the Jivaros and the other Amazon tribes, so he has the
riverboat deliver a case of blonde hair coloring every trip. All the whores at
the Palace of Sin are bottle blondes. The dark skinned Brazilian girls look
ridiculous with platinum blonde hair but the customer's don't seem to mind.

  Sorry for the digression. I get a little emotional when I write about Kelly.
The bottom line was that she was pretty, energetic, fun, and a fireball in bed.
It took about a month for me to fall madly in love with her. From everything I
could tell, she felt the same about me. Oh well, back to my story.

  At Phillips Exeter, fourteen-year-old Kelly attracted the attention of an
upper classman who was also from a rich and influential family, one even more
prestigious than the Stewarts. According to Kelly, Porter Cabot was drop dead
handsome, brilliant, the scion of a family flush with old money and the captain
of every team sport he chose to participate in. He was also according to Kelly a
first class spoiled prick who considered the seduction of innocent young women
something he was entitled to since his last name was Cabot. In the 1800s, there
was a saying around Boston, "The Lowells speak only to the Cabots and the Cabots
only to God."

  Porter had screwed over a number of PE lower classmen and had a reputation of
treating them like shit once he carved their notch in his bedpost. In spite of
his reputation, Kelly made the age-old mistake of thinking that all a bad boy
needs to reform is the love of a good woman.

  It was fall and the start of basketball season when Porter first took notice
of Kelly. To me, it was a classic case of senior boy trying to get in the pants
of freshman girl. It was one thing I could have handled far better than Kelly.

  If Kelly had been like me, she would have fucked Porter's brains out and
willingly moved on to another guy when Porter dumped her or handed her off to
one of his friends. However, Kelly had maintained her innocence and was still a
virgin. She'd been raised to save herself for marriage, in my view, an
incredibly impractical and downright stupid viewpoint. It leaves a girl
extremely vulnerable to the Porter's of this world plus you miss out on some
great sex.

  "I'd only kissed two boys at parties and I wasn't sure I like it," was how
Kelly described herself at fourteen. Maybe she was a born lesbian. Compare that
to a slut named Arlene who had fucked the entire basketball team including her
own brother at the same age. Kelly being shy and virginal did not prevent her
from developing a crush on Porter. That turned out to be a mistake.

  "My first love turned out to be your typical bastard male," was how Kelly
characterized her relationship with Porter.

  After Kelly was thoroughly besmitten by Porter, he began his campaign to see
how far he could get each time they got together. Kelly allowed Porter to touch
her breasts and she even agreed to jerk him off but that was as far as she would
go. She said he had a big thick cock. I found myself amazed that Kelly could
handle something like that and not feel an irresistible urge to find out how it
felt in her vagina.  After three months of dating, Porter came to realize he had
not invested his time wisely since his only reward was a hand job. The idea that
Kelly wasn't "putting out" was an affront to Porter's self esteem so he worked
up a scheme for revenge. The Cabot's of this word are used to getting what they
want from girls.  Actually so are the Pagans. I guess rich boys and bikers do
have something in common.

  Porter decided to take his revenge at an off campus party celebrating the
team's victory in the regional basketball tournament. PE was one of those
schools whose endowment allowed them to hand out full scholarships to a few
ghetto kids who were able to play basketball at the semi-pro level. That allowed
PE to be more than competitive in just about any small team sport it chose.

  Kelly was Porter's date although technically at fifteen Kelly wasn't allowed
to date. Kelly told me the story a couple of times. Let's see if I can recall it
in her words.



  "One of Porter's teammates had a home near the PE campus. His parents were at
their place in West Palm Beach so he opened the house for a party. Somehow
they'd arranged for several cases of beer to be delivered. I didn't like beer
that much but I drank one because Porter insisted. We danced a while. The party
got pretty wild. Couples were making out all over the place. Some of the girls
were going upstairs with the guys. Porter took me upstairs because he said he
wanted us to have some privacy. I thought we'd make out then I'd probably give
him a hand job. He'd been begging me to put his cock in my mouth but I wasn't
ready for that."

  "We went in Dan's parent's bedroom and climbed up on their king size bed.
After making out and letting Porter play with my nipples and for the first time,
suck on them a little, he pulled a condom out of his pocket and announced he
wanted to go all the way. When I said no and that I wanted to leave, he slapped
me. He hit me hard and there was blood in my mouth.  Then he held me down and
tied my arms and legs to the bedposts. Porter was 6'2" and easily overpowered
me. Now that I've learned the martial arts as an Amazon, I'd love for that
son-of-a-bitch to try that again.  He must have planned everything because the
rope was right there along with a rag he used to gag me. Porter pulled my jeans
and panties off. He stuffed my panties in his pocket. He said he was going to
write my name and the date on them and keep them as a souvenir. He said that
since I considered myself too good for his cock, he was going to take my
virginity with a beer bottle. I watched in terror and pain as she worked the
long neck of the bottle inside me to where it rested up against my hymen. He
shocked me by slamming the bottom of the bottle with his open palm causing it to
rip me open. I screamed when he shoved that hard glass object inside my vagina.
I must have had a thick hymen because it took two blows for the bottle to break
through my cherry. I felt like my insides were torn apart. After it was in as
far as he could shove it, Porter took the bottle out and drank the beer that was
left inside. Then he got between my legs, stroked his cock hard and raped me. It
hurt even worse and I could feel something tear more when he forced himself deep
inside me."

  "After he finished, he left the room for a few minutes. He returned with five
of his teammates including Ahmad this black kid who was 6'9" and the best
basketball player ever to come out of Boston's Dorchester ghetto. Ahmad wound up
as a power forward for the San Antonio Spurs."

  "I was lying there completely naked. They came to the sides of the bed and ran
their hands over my body. They made fun of how small my breasts were. I almost
died of embarrassment. One of the guys started taking Polaroid pictures of me. I
remember being blinded by the flash. Then they raped me. I could tell something
wasn't right because each time I felt myself tearing down there and I was
bleeding. I lost track of the number of times one of them climbed on top of me
and forced his cock in my bleeding vagina. It seemed like each of them took me
three times. A couple of them came on my face and I got semen in my eye and it
burned like fire.

  Ahmad really hurt me with his long hard cock. The guys cheered when he got it
all the way inside me. I could feel it reach my uterus. I moaned in pain every
time he thrust into me. They thought that meant I was enjoying it. They kept
saying I was a real slut and all I needed was some black cock. Someone kept
taking pictures. I can remember them being passed around. Everyone was looking
at them and laughing.

  Finally, everyone but Porter left the room. Porter untied me and ordered me to
get dressed. He said I was a lousy unsatisfying sexual partner and he wasn't
going to be going out with me anymore. He said I wasn't good enough to go out
with him. My parents were nouveau riche trash that was only one generation out
of the gutter.  He was going to tell everyone that my pussy was dry as sand and
I was a dyke. They were also going to have copies made of the pictures and send
them to my parents if I told anybody I was raped. I cried and begged him to let
me go. I was hurting inside and something wasn't right. He laughed and said that
I was frigid and that was why it hurt so bad when they fucked me."

   "Then he took me back to the dorm. He threatened me that if I told anyone
about what happened, he'd deny it. His teammates would all swear that I drank
several beers and offered myself to them. They'd say I got drunk and announced I
wanted to pull a train. They had the pictures of me with cum all over my face to
prove I was a willing slut."

  "I managed to get all the way to my dorm room before I collapsed. Fortunately,
one of my older dorm mates had some sense and a little medical training. Nancy
saw how pale I was. She took my pulse and made me tell her what happened. She
used a flashlight to look between my legs. Whatever she saw caused her to drop
the flashlight and race out to call an ambulance. I wound up with sixteen
stitches in the lining of my vagina. I spent three days in the hospital."

  "I wanted to call the police and have the boys put in jail. But my parents
were afraid of the scandal. It turned out that my dad and two of their fathers
were co-owners of some downtown properties. I left Phillips Exerter and
transferred to a day school near our home in Jamaica Plain. The school told
everyone that I left because I was too immature, just not Phillips Exeter
material was how they phrased it. The worst part was that I got pregnant. Of
course, I had no idea who was the father. Maybe it was Ahmad's. My parents were
horrified at the thought of me having a black baby so they made me have an
abortion. I wish now I'd kept the baby."

  Afterwards, I decided that if that was what men were like, I never wanted one
to touch me again."



  Two years later, Kelly and some girl friends were in the restroom at the food
court in a local mall when some boys who attended the same high school started
to harass the girls. They followed the girls right into the Ladies Room.
According to Kelly, the guys were grabbing the girl's breasts and butts and
generally making nuisances of themselves. I'll try once again to recall Kelly's
words.



  "Since we weren't cooperating in the grab ass, the guys got nasty. These
assholes had the three of us terrified. They were five big seniors and they
wouldn't leave us alone. One of them backed me up against the wall and was
pinching my nipples so hard I started to cry. He kept saying that he'd stop if I
agreed to suck his dick. He wouldn't let go even though I was begging him and
there were tears streaming down my face. Another boy had slipped his hand up
Beth's skirt and was trying to force his fingers inside her panties. The other
three had taken Natalie into a stall and pulled her jeans down. They were trying
to make her suck their cocks.

  All of a sudden, the guy who was twisting my nipple went flying into the tiled
wall. He hit so hard he bounced off. I looked up and there was this beautiful
woman all clad in leather and wearing motorcycle boots. She grabbed the one
who'd been trying to rip my nipples off by the hair and slammed his head against
the wall. Then she held him by the throat with one hand and used the other to
land several vicious bitch slaps across his face. The bastard started crying."

   "Then she grabbed him by his nipple and squeezed. He screamed in pain, just
like a girl."

   "How does that feel? You like doing it to her so much. You must like it
yourself," said my rescuer.

 "Standing there were three women all dressed in leather. They kicked the shit
out of the boys. One of them knocked the guy who was trying to finger fuck Beth
down on the floor and stomped his groin with her heavy motorcycle boot. He
screamed and passed out. Another one beat the shit out of the three guys who
were trying to make Natalie suck their dicks.  She was trained in the martial
arts. One of the boys already had his dick out and she grabbed it and pulled him
around the room.

  "You want me to suck it or rip it off," said the woman.

  "Please let me go, we're just kidding around," said the terrified teen.

  The woman let it go then landed karate kick right into the boy's cock and
balls. He went down screaming.

  His friends had to help him out. He was sobbing and holding himself. It was
wonderful and marvelous to see how they were not willing to be the victims of
any man with a hardon. The women seemed so strong and brave unlike my kind that
was weak and afraid. I had never seen anything so fantastic. I thanked them and
asked them who they were. The leader said, 'we're Amazons, no man touches us and
that's the way we like it.' From that moment, all I wanted to be in life was a
member of the Amazon's Motorcycle Club."



   Kelly looked up the Amazons on the Web and went to their clubhouse in Lynn
saying she wanted to join. They said she was too young. Kelly was only sixteen.
You had to be eighteen and a lesbian. They also told her she needed to own and
be able to ride a Harley Davidson motorcycle. Kelly persuaded her parents to buy
her a Harley on her seventeenth birthday. She showed up at the Amazon's
clubhouse on her eighteen birthday and they took her in.

  Kelly was trained in the martial arts and the weapons that the Amazon's used.
I'd gone to a target range with her. She was absolutely deadly with her H&K MP5N
and her range scores with her Glock 19 were at the very top.  Several of the
older Amazons's also taught her about lesbian sex.  Until that time, Kelly had
never touched another woman. "From my first experience with Elise and the
others, I loved everything about sex with the Amazons, God how I loved to make
love with them. Sometimes, we'd shack up for days and take turns eating each
other out. I'd sleep in a pile of naked women with the room smelling like
unwashed cunt.  It was delicious.  I vowed never to let a man touch me as long
as I lived," Kelly told me.

   But underneath all that bouncy enthusiasm and energy, Kelly had her dark
side. That day at the camp, she killed her first man. It was one of those
Mongols who came in on a speedboat. Before the battle was over, she accounted
for three more. Several Pagans reluctantly admitted to me that the Amazons
fought like they were possessed that day. Greg candidly stated, "If the Amazon's
hadn't been there, the New England Pagans would be history. Those women are holy
terrors when it comes to a fire fight."

  Kelly looked the picture of sweet innocence.  But appearances were deceiving
and underneath the innocent look was a hard core. I was to find that out
personally later. Kelly told me very matter of factly that when she captured a
badly wounded Mongol that day, she opened his fly, pulled out his cock and balls
and cut the entire package off. Listening to her describe what she did weirded
me out.



  "I held his cock and balls in my hand. The flesh felt warm and sweaty. He was
looking straight at me. He knew what I was going to do. His eyes were pleading
with me not to castrate him. I took my knife out of the sheath and held it up
for him to see. I wanted to take my time castrating him. The terror in his eyes
made my pussy wet. I still like to remember it when I jerk off. I took a firm
grip at the base of his balls and cock and slowly sawed right through in a half
dozen strokes. I wanted him to feel what it was like to have your cock and balls
cut off. The blood poured out over my hand.

  When I had cut halfway through, I put the crimson head of his cock in my mouth
and looked him in the eyes as I sucked on it. Isn't that what men want, their
cock in your mouth? He watched me lick the blood off his severed prick as he
died. Amazons do that you know, taste the blood of the people they kill.

   I stood up with the guys cock and balls still clutched in my hand and held it
high over my head. Rivulets of his blood trickled down my forearm and dripped on
my face. I howled in triumph.  For the first time in my life, I felt like I had
gotten even with all the men who'd fucked me over in my life. After everything
that had been done to me, it felt good to be the predator rather than the prey.
I was owed that for what Porter Cabot did to me."



   Scary, huh, Kelly was the archetype of man hating castrating lesbian that
sends a chill up the spine of every football player who raped a cheerleader.
Kelly liked to refer to herself as a "dyke of the first order". As much as I
loved her, I never came around to the idea that cocks were all that bad. During
the time, we were together; it never became a monogamous relationship. Kelly
still slept with some of her Amazons and I still showed up at The Side Car to
meet Kurt for a little hard man meat.  Of course, it always turned out that
after Kurt had dropped his load there were other Pagans expecting a fuck or a
blowjob.

  However, Kelly was my first priority and if she wanted me to suck on her clit,
I was ready. My pussy got wet whenever my cell phone Caller ID read "Kelly".

  Kelly's dislike for sex with males did lead to a few arguments between us. But
for the most part we got along very well. One of my fondest memories was the
weekend she asked me to help host a birthday party for her younger sister,
Tiffany, who was about to reach her sixteenth year. I can still recall the
conversation where she asked me like it was yesterday. We were in bed together
at my apartment in Manchester.

  "Are you busy the weekend of the 12th?" asked Kelly.

  "No, free as a bird, let's go to Cape and see who can cum the most," I
replied.

  "Tiffany's going to be 16 on the 14th. She asked me if I would chaperone a
party for her and her friends at our parents place in Loon Mountain. Of course,
I said Yes. I want you to come."

  "How many of Tiffany's friends will be there?" I asked. Frankly, the thought
of spending an entire weekend being housemother to a bunch of snotty, rich,
girls didn't sound like my idea of fun. On the other hand, I had spent two other
weekends at the Stewarts lodge with just Kelly and let's just say it was
luxurious and there was a nearby spa where a girl could get a massage and a
facial that made you look at life with a totally new outlook.

  "Eight at most, look I know I'm asking a favor."

  "Would we have to act like we're just friends and slip around or could we just
act natural?"

  "I've already told Tiffany that you're coming and that her friends are going
to learn her older sister is gay."

  "And what did she say."

  "Gee, Kelly, All my friends know my older sister's a dyke. It's cool. Bring
Arlene and you two can demonstrate the ins and outs of girl sex."

  "Sounds like the girls aren't just interested in doing each other's nails and
talking about boys," I said.

  "Please, do this for me," pleased Kelly in that little girl voice that I could
never say No to.

  So I agreed. Hell, it was only Friday and Saturday nights. Kelly would pay for
me to go to the spa (actually her family had an account there and the bill went
to her dad's office in Boston). We would get to sleep together in the master
bedroom that had an incredible view of the Presidential Range.  I used to hit
the button that opened the floor-to-ceiling curtains on a window wall (The rich
have such terrific gadgets.). Then I'd position Kelly in that enormous bed with
her legs spread and a goose down pillow elevating her butt. I'd take my time and
spend hours eating her juicy cunt until my jaw felt like it was going to fall
off. Occasionally, I would look out over Kelly's pubic mound and there would be
snow capped Mount Washington serenely in the distance. What a terrific view.

  What I didn't know at the time was that Kelly planned to use the weekend to
proselytize Tiffany and her friends about the joys of lesbian sex using me as
part of the demonstration team. 

  Kelly got everything organized. We were to leave early Friday morning and
arrive shortly after noon.  I should mention that Kelly's trust fund provided
her far more money than her lifestyle required. Kelly hired one of the Amazons
whose day job was a chef for one of the downtown Boston hotels to do the
cooking. Kelly rented two deluxe Chevy Suburban vans to drive everyone around in
comfortably.

  Kelly drove one Suburban and I another from the Stewart's Jamaica Plains
mansion up interstate I-93 to Loon Mountain. Loon is one of the more exclusive
of the Eastern ski resorts and the Stewarts lodge had big money written all over
it. I recall Kelly telling me it contained 8200 square feet with eight bedrooms
and baths. A huge sundeck covered one entire side of the house. The master suite
where Kelly and I would be sleeping was spectacular with an incredible fireplace
and a huge window wall looking out toward the mountains. There was a downstairs
media room with a sound system and viewing screen that made you think you were
at the mega-plex.

  The drive took almost four hours. I had four of the birthday celebrants in my
van plus Carrie the chef. Kelly, Tiffany, and four others were in the other van. 
All four of my passengers were already sixteen or about to have that special
birthday that marks a female's passage from being a girl to a woman or some
bullshit like that. I don't recall my parents making a big deal out of my
sixteenth birthday but maybe I have a memory lapse.

  The girls were kind of quiet. I could tell they were primed for a different
kind of weekend. Carrie was a typical butch Amazon with lots of piercing,
tattoos, and a short haircut that screamed diesel dyke. I'd worn a shirt that
covered my tattoos in an attempt to be sensitive to Kelly's family. You didn't
have to be around Kelly's mother five minutes before you knew that she wasn't
overly fond of her eldest daughter's muff diving friends. While we were loading
the van with luggage and supplies, Mrs. Stewart hovered around telling the girls
they had to mind Kelly and me since we were officially the chaperones.

  Diana Stewart took one look at Carrie and rolled her eyes when Kelly
introduced her.

  "Were do you cook?" asked Diana.

  "Fifteen Beacon," responded Carrie giving Diana a definitely masculine hand
shake. Now Fifteen Beacon was a new hotel and one that was very much on the
upper end. However, you could sense Mrs. Stewart making a mental note never to
eat there.

  Of course, Carrie being your average man-hating Amazon biker girl was used to
that kind of shit and probably could have cared less. On the other hand, Amazons
have shorter fuses than Pagans and Carrie might have taken umbrage. If Diana
hadn't been Kelly's mother, Carrie would possibly have taken her opportunity to
force Mrs. Stewarts head between her thighs for a little non-consensual cunt
licking.  I loaded the van as quickly as possible to make sure that the first
act of Tiffany's birthday celebration was not a lesbian rape.

   Strangely, Diana Stewart seemed to like me. Maybe it was because Kelly told
her I was not a lesbian. However, I was in love with her lesbian daughter. Does
that make sense?

  I thing Diana was one of those mothers who always assumed that one day Kelly
would meet Mr. Right and turn her life around. Fat fucking chance was my opinion
of that.

  For the first half of the three-hour drive, the girls were listening to CD's
provided by Kelly. At that point, I should have been tipped off that Kelly was
up to something. The CD's were of several lesbian groups that I recognized from
Kelly's collection. The hottest group was called Tatu and they were a duo of
adorable Russian girls who made out when they performed live. Their music was
very good and very gay. I had eaten Kelly to climax more than once while their
hit 'Gay Malchik' was being pounded out by Kelly's awesome sound system.

  The drive went along pretty smoothly. The girls behaved. Actually, they
weren't bad kids and they didn't shriek or giggle (maybe just a few giggles).
They had the perfect teeth of the upper middle class child. Orthodontics is one
of the most accurate methods for making class distinctions in my opinion.
Fortunately, I was born with straight teeth and no under or over bite. That was
a good thing because my parents could never have afforded braces. But right away
I could tell they were curious about me. One of the braver ones started the
questions after we passed the New Hampshire line.

  "Ms. Fairchild, Kelly said you were a member of the Pagan Motorcycle Club,"
stated Mary Anne.

  "No Ms. Fairchild, Arlene, just Arlene, hey, I'm only twenty-three. I'm not
completely over the hill," I responded.

  "Sorry, Arlene, so how long have you been a Pagan?"

  "Officially five months, but I've been riding with them for over a year."

  "Kelly said your tattoos are fabulous. Can we see them?" asked Yvonne.

  "Sure, when we get to Loon. You girls don't want me to drive naked and get us
arrested?" They though my response was hilarious.

  "Brenda Cartwright told me that she and her boyfriend get in his truck, take
their clothes off and drive all over Boston buck naked," said Casey.

  "Some people consider exhibitionism a turn on," I said.

  "Brenda said they go out on a Interstate and let truckers see her boobs."

  "My parents took me to a clothing optional resort in the Caribbean. At first I
was scared but after a while you get used to it," said Yvonne.

  "You walked around naked?" asked Mary Anne.

  "Yes, when we were at the beach. We dressed for dinner and to go into the
resort," answered Yvonne.

  "Was Robert naked? How about your dad," asked Casey?

  "We were all naked. After a while you get completely used to it and it's no
big deal," said Yvonne.

  "What does Robert look like?" asked Casey. I had gathered that Robert was
Yvonne's brother and of some interest to Casey.

  "Casey, if you want to see Robert's dick, all you have to do is offer to suck
it," laughed Mary Anne. This occasioned a round of giggles from the four girls
and an expression of displeasure from Carrie. I had a feeling I didn't have four
virgins in the van with me. While I didn't think they were really experienced, I
bet there wasn't one of the four that hadn't wrapped their hand around a boy's
dick.

  As we approached our destination, one of the bolder girls decided to question
me.

  "What's it like belonging to a motorcycle gang?" asked Sarah.

  "Exciting, scary at times, lots of crazy things happening," I replied.

  "I read where girls who ride with bikers have to agree to have sex with anyone
in the club," said Sarah.

  "That's correct," I replied in my best honesty is the best policy mode.

  "What do you do if they're fat and smell bad," asked Casey making a face.

  "Make sure you get on top and shower afterwards," I replied. Carrie thought
that was funny.

  "That would be like doing it with David Elkins. He's gross and smells funny,"
said Yvonne.

  "Fat boys need sex too," I added. I could see that caused them to ponder the
possibility of sex with the overweight. I might all that all four of the little
darlings were skinny. There wasn't a bit of fat on any of them.

  "If a boy is fat, does that mean his penis is fat too?" asked Sarah.

  "God fucking damn, is cock all you little cunts talk about? Let's talk about
eating pussy," blurted out an exasperated Carrie. It occurred to me that Carrie
being packed into a van with four nubile teenage girls dressed in tank tops and
low rider jeans was like hanging raw meat in front of a starving Siberian tiger.
Carrie was seated in the front with me and her hand was firmly wedged between
her legs. I should also add that Carrie had muscles that rippled when she moved
her arms and being an Amazon was more than a match for the four girls and me. I
wondered if tonight one of the four was going to find herself with an unwanted
bed partner smelling of cooking grease.

  Carrie's outburst quieted down everyone for a few minutes. Then brave little
Sarah spoke up.

  "Well, what is it like?"

  "What's what like?" asked Carrie.

  "You know putting your mouth on another girl down there."

  "I can say one thing for sure. Any day, it's better to have a warm soft girl
licking your puss than having some guy's pecker in your mouth shooting boy snot
and expecting you to swallow it."

  That seemed to give the four something to contemplate. We finally arrived and
unloaded the vans. Carrie had purchased enough food for an army.  Carrie headed
off to the kitchen. Kelly and I and the eight walked out on the sun deck. Kelly
casually put her arm around my waist and we embraced. Eight pairs of fascinated
eyes watched Kelly and I did the lip lock thing. When we broke the embrace, all
eight looked quickly away.

  "I think we can get at least three hours of sun if we hurry," announced Kelly.

  "Can we be clothing optional?" asked Yvonne.

  "Sure, why not?" responded Kelly.

  On my previous trips to the Stewarts place in Loon, Kelly and I had sunbathed
on the deck in the nude but we had been alone. It wasn't really all that private
given there were other resort homes nearby but we didn't care if someone got his
rocks off watching two naked girls through binoculars.

  "Everybody find a bedroom and unpack then come back here," announced Kelly.

  Thirty minutes later I was stretched out naked on a chaise facing the
afternoon sun. It was a wide two-person lounger and Kelly was beside me. Girls
are basically herd animals. One by one each of the eight appeared wearing a
robe. They took a deep breath, doffed the robe to reveal their nude body and
quickly sat down in a chaise and became intensely interested in a book or
magazine.

  "Who needs lotion?" asked Kelly as soon as the eight girls were enjoying the
sun. Kelly pulled two large bottles of sun tan oil out of a cloth bag.

  "I do. I haven't been in the sun since last fall," said Mary Anne.

  "I think you all do. I don't want anyone to burn and ruin her weekend. Give me
a hand, Arlene," said Kelly handing me one of the bottles, "Turn around, let's
do each other first."

  Kelly squeezed a dollop of lotion into her palm and began to rub it over my
back. As she progressed down to my back, I felt eyes staring at us trying to
guess what would happen when Kelly reached my rear. Well, what happened did not
surprise me. Kelly slowly and sensuously rubbed the lotion on my butt even
sliding her hand between my cheeks to pass a pair of oily fingers over my anus.
She squirted lotion between my cheeks and spent a good five minutes massaging my
asshole. Several times I moaned when she slipped a greasy finger in my rectum. I
imagined that there were nine little sweethearts watching who wished they could
get their hands between their legs and squeeze the little man in the boat.

  After Kelly finished the back of my legs, she started with my neck, use many
more strokes than required to cover my breasts and proceeded down my abdomen to
cover my pubic area. I closed my eyes and took a deep breath as her fingers
parted my labia and stroked my clitoris. The last time Kelly and I had done
this, we found up in the shower humping our pussies together. By the time, Kelly
applied the lotion to my calves I was ready to drop down and start licking her
pussy. But I kept my act together and applied lotion over Kelly's body using the
same slow sensuous techniques.

  "All right, you do your four and Tiffany and I'll do my four," said Kelly when
we were done.

  I thought that one of either Tiffany, Mary Anne, Yvonne, Casey or Sarah would
turn out to be shy and say, "I'll do myself," but all five stood there while I
covered them with lotion. I massaged five pairs of boobs, passed my fingers
between the cheeks of their little ass touching their little brown anuses and
stroked my lotion-covered hands across their clits. All five were breathing
heavily when I finished.  Casey appeared to be the horniest of the five. When it
came time to do her pubic area, she spread her legs to maximize my access to her
crotch. I traced a finger across her vagina and realized that little Casey's
fifteen-year-old cunt was putting out more lubrication than a Saudi Arabian oil
well.

  I returned to Kelly and my lounger and went back to reading the
techno-thriller I'd brought for the occasion. It was about an hour later that I
felt a hand rub my breast and take my nipple between two fingers and roll it
back and forth. Kelly whispered in my ear.

  "I'm horny. Let's go inside."

  "Are you sure?" I was horny as hell too; but I was trying to keep my cool and
not give Tiffany and her friends the impression that Kelly's lover was some out
of control bull dyke. However, my cunt was wet. I had rubbed my hands over five
naked pretty teenage girls. But I still hadn't figured out what Kelly was up to.

  "We're going in for a while. Here's the lotion. You girls make sure you don't
burn," announced Kelly as we stood up.

  The Master Suite opened off the sun deck so we only had to walk a few steps
before we were there. Kelly slid the glass door closed and we went into the
oversized shower stall. If there is one place on earth, I have fond memories of
it is that shower stall. Kelly and I showered, playfully fooled around then
wound up in bed where we noisily ate each other to multiple orgasms. When it
comes to sex, Kelly is loud and expressive. The Amazons are known for that. A
night of Amazon sex will leave you hoarse from screaming orgasms and urging your
partners to give it another try. I might also add that Amazons are very fond of
the vernacular and love to scream obscenities. Kelly and I had a good
sixty-minute session of screaming sex before we were fucked out and decided to
take a nap until dinner.

  Afterwards, when we were dressing for dinner, I felt a cool breeze. When I
checked the sliding glass door, I discovered that Kelly had not fully closed it.
In fact it was a good six inches apart. It immediately dawned on me that nine
young girls had listened to our lovemaking. Kelly was not the type of person to
make that kind of mistake unless it was intentional. I thought a minute then
laughed to myself. Kelly was seeking converts to lesbianism the way evangelical
preachers try to get people to accept Christ as their savior. I didn't know why
she hadn't let me in on her plan. She did have a secretive side and was just
beginning to learn to trust me (Something I eventually smashed to pieces.) I
decided to become a co-conspirator. If Kelly wanted to convert her sister and
eight friends to lesbian sex, then more power to her.

  The sheet of paper that Kelly provided all of us contained an agenda for the
weekend. Friday night's dinner dress was described as "lounge wear". I spent an
afternoon in Victoria Secret's purchasing a very sexy outfit that left me with a
bare midriff and a top that exposed my abdomen from right below by breasts to
two inches above my clitoris. It was a creamy white, a color I thought looked
great with my tan and tattoos.

  Girls are competitive when it comes to appearance even more so when there are
no men involved. It can be more of a challenge to look good in front of your
peers who know something about clothes, make-up and jewelry than appearing in a
pickup bar to pass muster in front of a group of beer swilling Neanderthals who
only point of judgment is how much tit your showing.  I was wearing some of the
jewelry that I had acquired from Kurt when I helped him take care of business. I
truly loved the jeweled Chopard Watch and an emerald necklace that I have never
worn before complemented my green eyes. I'd spent some time choosing my outfit
and even Kelly was impressed.

  "Let's let the girls do their thing and stay here and fuck all night," said
Kelly as she took me in her arms and kissed me.

  "Carrie would kill us if we didn't show up for dinner," I responded then
returned her kiss.

  "But you look good enough to eat and I want you not coq au vin."

  "Be patient, you can have both," I replied wrapping my arms around Kelly's
frame and holding her tight as I ground my crotch against hers."

  When we arrived in the great room, our bevy of girls had already helped
themselves to the bottles of chardonnay that Carrie had opened and sat on the
table as a before dinner drink. They were all dressed to kill showing a lot of
bare flesh. I poured Kelly and myself a fresh glass of wine and handed Kelly
hers as we stood there taking in the scene. The girls were very pretty. It was
kind of a lesbian's dream evening. I could only wonder what a really aggressive
dyke like Martina Navitorova would think of an evening like this. Kelly and I
got some looks when we entered. These girls had spent an hour that afternoon
listening to us shout things like, "Eat that pussy, suck my clit, fuck me with
your fingers, oh your tongue feels so good in my ass."

  I may have been wrong but our little audio performance might have caused some
of these little femmes to pair up for their own session of hot sweaty girl sex.
I would at least bet there was not a clit in the house that hadn't felt their
owners' fingers doing a dance around that sensitive nub of flesh.

  It was present opening time for Tiffany and we had all brought our gifts with
us. There were a few gag gifts including a large box of different size dildoes.
I gave Tiffany a gold necklace and pendant. Something purchased with my
ill-gotten gains.

  At 8:00, Carrie arrived wearing her chef's clothes and announced dinner. Kelly
had hired two local girls to serve and help Carrie in the kitchen. The food was
spectacular and perfect for a group of weight-conscious teenage girls whose
primary goal in life was to remain thin. For dessert, there was a Lindzer Tort
with sixteen candles. A thirty-year-old vintage port was poured for everyone. We
toasted Tiffany and sang Happy Birthday. When Carrie appeared, we all clapped
and cheered. No one should ever say that a man hating Amazon couldn't cook like
dream. The food had been spectacular.

  After dinner, Kelly invited Carrie to join us as soon as she was finished and
her two helpers sent on their way. Kelly took my arm like we were a normal
couple and we lead our nine little lambs to the Media Room.

  When we arrived in the Media Room, Kelly opened a cabinet and took out a
silver tray containing a good two dozen neatly rolled joints. She also brought
out a cigar-sized box of marijuana and six water bongs. At that point, the girls
informed Tiffany that her older sister was just the "coolest" as they either lit
up a joint or stuffed marijuana into the bowl of a water bong. Within five
minutes, you could get high by just walking into the room and breathing the air.

  The Stewart's Media Room was furnished with large comfortable leather chairs,
couches and two person love seats. One wall was covered with the largest
television screen I'd ever seen.

  "How about some porn?" Kelly asked the assemblage as she looked through a
stack of DVDs.

  "Sure," responded several of the girls.

  I knew that to Kelly porn did not mean two studs taking turns screwing a
blonde with silicone boobs using their ten-inch cocks. The DVD started out
innocently enough. Two girls, a redhead and a brunette, hitch hiking in a
mountain setting. They looked like they were in one of our national parts (and
probably were for that matter). Two other girls, one blonde and one brunette,
drive by and stop. The two drivers ask the two hitchhikers where they are going.
Apparently, the two drivers have a cabin by the lake and invite the two
hitchhikers to stay with them. Once at the cabin, they all engage in hot lesbian
sex.

  I agree the plot is non-existent but who cares about plot anyway when it comes
to porn. What that particular porn had was production values. The girls were
very young and pretty with nice natural bodies. The sound and picture quality
were first rate like a Hollywood movie. As the movie started, I noted that
"Spring Break in the Mountains" was a production of Warrior Woman Films. It
would not take a genius to guess that the Amazons Motorcycle Club owned Warrior
Woman Films lock, stock, and barrel.

  Kelly and I sat together on a love seat sharing a water bong and making out.
The dope was making me incredibly horny and the fact that I was watching two
girls eat each other's pussy on a wooden dock by a mountain lake was only making
the situation worse.

  Kelly had dimmed the lights but around us you could hear girls kissing and
making out with one another. I glanced around and saw Yvonne and Casey seated
together in one of the big chairs. Yvonne had pushed Casey's top up and was
gently kissing her nipples. Casey had her head thrown back in that "this is so
fucking good" mode we girls can adopt when someone's mouth is making love to
your breasts. Kelly and I were starting to get it on when Kelly halted me from
trying to pull her pants down. I was just dying to taste her muff.

   From the sounds of the place, you had to assume that everyone was getting up
close and personal with someone. In addition to the aroma of marijuana, there
was a new odor. It was the raw, wet, and incredibly erotic smell of young cunts
overworking their Bartholin glands to create an atmosphere you could get rich
off if you could bottle it. It was like you could breathe pussy. I was so
aroused I felt weak.

  "I need another favor," said Kelly.

  "You know I'd do anything for you," I responded.

  "I want you to be Tiffany's first."

  "Isn't that Tiffany on the other side of the room with Christine making out
like crazy?" It looked to me like the birthday girl already had her pants down
around her knees with Christine's hands pawing her crotch.

  "I want you to be her first. Really, this is important to me. Tiffany told me
that she wanted you tonight."

  "All right, what about Christine?"

  "I'll take care of Christine," said Kelly.

  Kelly and I stood up and walked the dozen steps to the chair where Tiffany and
Christine were engaged in slowly taking each other's clothes off as we arrived.
Both girls' pants were below their knees and their tops under their chins. Kelly
kneeled down and applied her mouth to Christine's vagina as I did the same to
Tiffany. We licked teen pussy for a while then exchanged kisses. I stripped off
Tiffany's clothes then did the same to mine.  Kelly pulled Christine to her feet
and led her away. I positioned Tiffany so her legs were hanging off the chair
arms. I scooted her bottom down to where it pointed straight out and went to
work on her with my mouth and fingers.

  I licked, tickled and generally manipulated her bunghole until she was
practically out of her mind with lust. All the while I was working on her clit
and vagina with my mouth while I worked my fingers inside her cunt to find that
rough little place in the lining of the vagina that unlocks a woman's
opportunity for a truly mind blowing orgasm.

  Marijuana can make you incredibly horny. It's like you can fuck forever. It
wasn't long before I felt the muscles lining the walls of Tiffany's cunt give my
fingers a squeeze as I stroked her Grafenberg Spot.

  "Oh, Arlene, that feels so good, don't stop," moaned Tiffany as her climax
began to take over her body. Around me were the sounds of other femmes getting
that release we all seek for. On the screen, the four girls were involved in a
group fuck where the positions constantly changed. Not to brag but I kept
Tiffany on an orgasmic high for at least twenty minutes. It was one of the
longest orgasm's I'd ever seen a woman have. I've been there myself. You shake
all over. It's like your body is a tuning fork and someone just struck you
against something hard. Just when you feel the vibration about to stop, they
strike the fork again, a few of those and nothing in this world matters.

  Tiffany's pussy was so wet there was liquid dripping out of it. At some point,
I felt a mouth on my pussy and asshole and looked back to see Christine's face
between my butt cheeks. Further back, Kelly had her face buried in Christine's
butt. Other girls joined in and soon the girl chain reached around the room.
Girls love community and group activities. And there's nothing that makes you
have a better sense of belong to a group that licking a wet pussy while yours is
being licked.

  All good things must come to an end. Later, all eight proto-lesbians told us
they had multiple orgasms. I certainly did. But at some point, you need a rest
period to allow your juices to replenish themselves.

   As the movie ended, Kelly turned the light back up. I looked around to see
that all nine of the celebrants were draped across the furniture with their legs
spread and their legs glistening with sheen of girl juice. We took a breather as
more marijuana was lit up. Just as I was getting mellow from the joint I was
smoking, Carrie entered the room dressed in leather like a dominatrix. There was
a long silver and blue jell cock flopping between her legs. Kelly and I used the
same type of dildo that allowed the lesbian top to embed six inches of jell cock
in her own vagina while she used the nine to twelve inches hanging out to screw
the bottom lesbian. Some lesbians don't go for that kind of sex since it
approximates sex with a male. Fortunately, Kelly was not one of them.

  Everyone laughed nervously wondering what was going to happen next. I kept
reminding myself these were girls from nice families who had probably just had
their first taste of lesbian sex. I had been surprised no one freaked out and
ran to their room screaming, "I'm not a fag."

  "I got something here for the birthday girl," announced Carrie shaking the
cock. It was a long limber twelve inches.

  "Oh God, it's too big," squealed Tiffany but you could tell she was excited by
what she was looking at.

  "Down on all fours, birthday girl. I'm going to give you sixteen strokes and
then sixteen more," directed Carrie.

  Tiffany dutifully obeyed. She got down on all fours with her butt facing the
audience. Carrie reached in a leather bag and pulled out a bottle of Astro-Glide
and a set of rubber balls connected by a single cord. I'd used anal love beads
before. They can be a real mind trip if they're used right. Carrie squired
Astro-Glide over each ball as she shoved them up Tiffany's asshole. Tiffany
moaned as each ball went in. Casey scooted over to sit on the edge of my chair.
We started playing with each other's nipples as we watched Tiffany's ass stuffed
with the balls. All eighth watched with an intensity that signified they would
have been glad to be right down there in place of Tiffany.

    I was seated beside Mary Ann when I noticed her spread her legs and insert
two fingers in her vagina and go to work on her clit with the other hand. Let's
face it. Fifteen and sixteen year old girls are at the perfect age to enjoy sex
and they have all the physical attributes needed. The law tries to force them to
wait until they're older but more often than not, the law comes out the loser.

  Kelly went over to a cabinet and pulled out a large cardboard box and dumped
the contents on the table. Dildos, butt plugs, anal probes rolled out on the
table. Small bottles of Probe and Astro-Glide were included.

  "Everybody grab a toy to help them get off with Tiffany. Let's all cum
together," announced Kelly.

  The wholesome eight quickly grabbed a toy or two and returned to their chair.
In a matter of seconds, there wasn't an empty pussy in the room. I picked out a
large dildo with a small anal probe and an upper part that resembled a human
tongue for my clit. I squired Astro-Glide on my dildo of choice and shoved it
where it would do the most good. I switched the vibrator on and relaxed to the
hum coming from my cunt.

  When all six balls were buried in Tiffany's ass, Carrie slipped the head of
the rubber cock into the opening of Tiffany's vagina.

  "Make a wish," commanded Carrie.

  "I wish that you fuck the shit out of me with that rubber cock," yelled
Tiffany. Now that was a wish we all could enjoy.

  "Hang on, here it comes," said Carrie taking a firm hold on Tiffany's girlish
hips and pushing forward.  It took a couple of shoves but the strap on bottomed
out and that resulted in cheers and claps. I guess if your idea of a good
birthday is being dildo fucked while your eight best friends watch then Tiffany
was having a hell of a time.

  "I'm in all the way, let's count together," shouted Carrie who then screamed,"
One," as she pulled back then buried that dildo in Tiffany's box. 

  The assemblage "shouted, "Two," as they shoved a dildo in their own cunt. By
the time we were on the third sixteen, I had orgasmed a half dozen times.
Tiffany looked like she was getting the fuck of a lifetime.

   Carrie manipulated the anal balls pulling them out and shoving them back in
as she dildo fucked Tiffany. Tiffany climaxed over and over again then slid flat
on the floor. Given the number and duration of orgasms she had experienced
tonight, I was surprised she wasn't brain dead.

  "Who's next?" yelled Carrie waving the rubber cock with her hand.

  "Me," screamed Mary Ann bolting off the couch and throwing herself on all
fours in front of Carrie.

  "All right, but first you have to lick Mistress's Carrie's twat," responded
Carrie.

  Mary Anne was game for that as she scooted under the kneeling Carrie and began
to loudly lick Carrie's cunt. After Mary Anne, Carrie dildo fucked the rest of
the girls. I remember Christine as the one who could make a sailor blush as
obscenities poured from her mouth the moment Carrie sunk that rubber dick into
her uterus.

  I kept smoking weed, fucked my cunt with a dildo, ate someone's pussy, and
engaged in a number of group gropes before eventually passing out.

  When I woke up the next morning, I was naked and lying across a bed in one of
the girls' rooms. Casey, Yvonne, and Sarah were curled up around me. It was
almost 10:00AM. My first sensation was of a humming noise coming from somewhere
close. It took a while for me to come to full consciousness. When I did I
realized the humming was inside my body. I carefully slipped my hands between my
legs and felt the end of a dildo vibrator. The damn thing was buried inside me.
The hum was pretty weak indicating the batteries were about to die. I twisted
the head to turn off the vibrator then attempted to pull it out. It wouldn't
budge.

  "Jesus fuck," I whispered. If everyone found out that Arlene went to sleep
with a dildo stuck in her quim that she couldn't get out, I'd never live it
down. I reached down, getting the best hold I could and pulled. It wouldn't
budge and it felt like I was pulling my insides out. I figured that last night
my pussy was full of Astro-Glide and girl wet when me or someone else shoved it
inside my vagina. Afterwards I must have passed out. Since then, it had dried up
and bonded with the latex. It felt like someone had covered it with Super Glue
then buried it in my snatch. (I once saw some Pagans do that to a girl who was
giving them some grief. I heard later that the Hospital ER had managed to remove
it although her vagina would need a few months to grow a new lining. That's the
kind of thing that teaches you its better to do whatever the Pagans ask and do
it willingly.)

   I had a moment where I saw myself in the local emergency room surrounded by
smirking nurses and doctors making comments like, "We had a guy in here last
month with a gerbil stuck up his ass."

  I eased off the bed being careful not to disturb my three companions. I walked
to the bathroom with the kind of stiff legged walk you would expect. Once there,
I carefully sat down on the commode and took a long and much needed piss. As I
emptied my bladder, I wondered what to do about the column of latex that was
stuck inside my body. I thought about going to find Kelly. She would definitely
help me once she quit laughing. Maybe if I could get my cunt to produce some
natural lubrication things would loosen up and the damn thing would come out.

  I licked my fingers and gave my clit a tentative stroke. I was a little tender
from last night's sexual marathon but my love button still worked. At least it
seemed to send the right sensations to the rest of my body. I decided I needed
to remember some thing in the past that really got me hot. I needed to think of
the filthiest and most perverted acts of my long and varied sexual life.

  My mind immediately went back to the day I was initiated by the Pagans. I
tried to recall how it felt to be up on stage sucking that burro's eighteen-inch
cock while a hundred camcorders were capturing it frame by frame.  I mimicked
the movements my mouth made that day as it worked on the slimy penis that slowly
emerged from its sheath. I recalled putting that beaker of burro semen to my
lips and drinking it down like it was mother's milk. I felt myself getting
there. I sensed some movement in my vagina. Next I remembered being down on all
fours with a Dalmatian pumping his dick in my cunt. I recalled sucking dog dick
while Reno made a close up of the dog ejaculating in my mouth. I'd seen the
video of me taking a mouthful of canine cum.

  All of a sudden, I was there. I let out a low moan followed by a very loud
grunt. I looked up just in time to see Casey standing there watching me with her
mouth open. At that moment, the dildo slid out like it was being expelled from a
water cannon and landed in the commode bowl with a loud splash.

  "Sorry, I'll go pee somewhere else," said an embarrassed Casey as she backed
away closing the door.

  "My God, I bet she thinks that was a turd hitting the water," I thought.

   I could imagine her telling the other girls that Arlene could masturbate
while she took a dump. Something I couldn't imagine doing. I stood up and fished
the dildo out of the commode bowl and rinsed it off. God I felt like shit.

  My head was pounding and my mouth felt like nine teenagers had taken a dump in
it. I threw a blanket over the still sleeping girls and wandered into the
kitchen where a worse for wear Carrie was drinking a cup of coffee. I poured
myself a cup and sat down beside her. Saying "Good Morning" made my head hurt
but I did it anyway. Kelly arrived looking absolutely tiptop like nothing had
happened and she had gotten a good eight hours of restful sleep.

  "Yoga lesson at two," said Kelly in a bright cheerful voice then ran off to
somewhere.

  "Sixteen year old girls don't lick your pussy, they chew it," said Carrie
ruefully, "My cunt feels like it has been sandpapered."

  I took a long shower that included two applications of Summer's Eve. I'd
discovered that I smelled like cunt from the top of my head to the soles of my
feet.

  It took me to 2:00PM to feel human again. When the doorbell rang. I was
closest and opened it to greet Colette Herrick from the Inner Harmony Yoga
Center. Colette certainly looked the part of a yoga instructor, long straight
black hair, not an ounce of body fat and a figure with minimal curves.

   I had just assumed when I saw "Yoga Lesson" on Kelly's weekend schedule that
the girls were interested in Yoga and Tiffany had indicated she would enjoy a
class. As it turns out, Colette Harris specialized in a type of Yoga I knew
something about. Her purpose that afternoon was to initiate the girls in the
mysteries of female ejaculation by applying the techniques of Tantric Yoga.

    Female ejaculation is one of those topics that women seldom discuss even
among themselves.  There are those that deny it exists saying that certain women
get very excited when the orgasm and release their bladders. Others claim that
chemical analysis of female ejaculate shows it is not urine or has a low
percentage of urine content. Guys usually assume that they're such great lovers
that the woman just pissed herself in gratitude.  Frankly, I don't know the
answer other than Doris, one of the Pagan girls, is know for squirting something
when she gets off. I once received a face-full of eau de Doris and it smelled
something like urine but it was rather mild. I guess the jury is out.

  As I sat quietly to make sure my lunch stayed down, I figured out that Kelly
was using her little sister's birthday weekend to make nine converts to
lesbianism. These young ladies were being shown that they could achieve mind
blowing sexual pleasure without having to deal with male egos and cocks.

  When Kelly summoned us all to the Great Room, there were a dozen new yoga mats
lying on the floor, a gift from Kelly. Kelly had also turned up the heat to
where the room felt like an oven. Tantric yoga is one of the many types are yoga
that are optimally practiced in a room with a temperature greater than ninety
degrees. I gathered that was on instructions from our instructor who said she
would have preferred it even warmer. Normally, I would not mind but hangovers
and heat are not a good mixture. Regardless, out of loyalty to Kelly, I decided
to tough it out. I did keep the location of the nearest garbage can in mind.

  . When we arrived, Colette had taken off the clothes she wore when I opened
the door. She was wearing the bottom half of a diaphanous sarong and her
unshaved public area showed right through. Her very flat chest was clearly on
display.

  "Now if everyone will get undressed, we can start," announced Colette. I began
to wonder why any of us had bothered to pack clothes.

  The next two hours were spent in learning the fine art of Grafenberg Spot
masturbation using Tantric Yoga techniques that our instructor assured us would
when fully mastered result in female ejaculation. All my years of practicing
Tantric Yoga and this was my first time I'd heard it related to female
ejaculation.

  Colette distributed copies of a three page handout to the attendees who were
busily undressing. I could just imagine what one of the girl's parents would say
when they unpacked her overnight case and found that.

  The handout included a description of a one-week Tantric yoga workshop held at
Inner Harmony and taught by Colette. I could not imagine spending an entire week
playing with my pussy under the watchful eyes of Colette.

  We were instructed to pair up. Once again, Kelly insisted I be the first to
cause Tiffany to squirt her load. Everyone was provided a tube of K-Y jelly and
we had to trim our nails. I was pretty sure I was going to need the K-Y after
last night. I'd produced so much female lubrication during our all night fuck
fest I was dehydrated.

  Colette started off in the normal fashion for Yoga. Relaxation and breath
control was supposedly the key. We were told not to feel embarrassed if we
drenched our partners with our ejaculation and that we should encourage it
especially once our partner started their vaginal and clitoral orgasms.
Multiple, deeply felt, highly erotic orgasms enhanced by squirting a quantity of
girl juice from our urethra was our objective.

   There was a lot of tittering and nervous laughter from the girls. The lack of
inhibitions of last night had been encouraged by alcohol and dope. This was
going to be dead sober girl fucking in the cold light of day and that takes some
getting used to for the average mid teen prom queen.

  But between Colette and Kelly, we had two enthusiastic coaches who went from
couple to couple making suggestions and demonstrating the optimum way to find
that G-spot and release its power for pleasure (Colette's words not mind.)  When
I took a moment to look around, I was surprised at how serious everyone was
taking the instructions. I suppose when you are sixteen, sex is a very important
matter and opportunities for learning must be taken advantage of when they are
available. How often do you get the occasion to attend a hands-on-pussy seminar
on female ejaculation?

  I've always had a knack for locating Doctor Grafenberg's location and in no
time, Tiffany was moaning and pushing her spot against my fingers. I found
myself agreeing with Colette that the spot once aroused would push itself
forward to meet your fingers. The G-spot was nobody's fool.

  Per Colette's instructions, I was stimulating her clit with my mouth and
fingers while making encouraging remarks such as," I want to taste you, cum all
over my face, your getting there, cum on me, I want to swallow your cum."

  Tiffany made her sister (and me) proud by releasing a good half pint of female
ejaculation the first time and a smaller amount during her second orgasm.

  Of the five couples, we achieved some amount of ejaculation in three of the
five on the first session. Then we switched partners and I found myself lying on
my back with Tiffany's fingers in my vagina. Colette had to help Tiffany find
that rough little patch of skin that constituted my G-spot.

  "She has an exceptionally large G-spot, it's much larger than normal and it's
well developed and muscular," said Colette whose trained fingers had quickly
located my vaginal command and control center. Several of the girls overheard
Colette's remarks and hurried over to feel the mother of all G-spots. They sent
chills through my body when she slowly rubbed it with two of K-Y covered
fingers.

  At that instant, I had acquired a logical explanation of why I was a slut
whore who never hesitated when there was an opportunity to spread my legs and
have someone (human and non-human) touch my overdeveloped G-spot. See, there's a
good reason I'm the way I am.

  Tiffany got me off and kept getting me off until I was close to passing out;
but alas, nothing squirted out of my urethra not even pee.

  Yvonne proved to be the champion female ejaculator.  The stuff came out like
she had a water hose up her ass. Colette managed to capture a glass beaker full
of Yvonne's girl jism that was passed around for closer observation. When the
beaker arrived back n Colette's hand, she promptly drank it to prove the
attractive and harmless nature of the female ejaculate. I was still a little
hung over and watching her quaff down the cloudy contents of that beaker made my
stomach do a flip-flop. 

  Class over I went into the master bedroom and went promptly to sleep.

  "Dinner's in an hour, time to get up sleepy head," said Kelly as she gently
kissed me awake. Those are the moments when lesbian love really works. A guy
would have yanked all the covers off me and said something like, "Get up bitch,
you'll make us late."

  I was downstairs at 8:00 wearing the other outfit I'd bought for the occasion.
The three-hour nap had put me right. Carrie produced another incredible dinner
that included a double chocolate cheesecake that gave you a buzz all by itself. 
As we were finishing dessert complemented by another vintage port, I got the
sense that our ladies were hoping for some more of what they had last night.
When you're sixteen, you have a very large capacity for sexual play.

  "What's next?" asked Sarah expectantly.

  "I thought we might experiment with fisting," responded Kelly as she placed a
fresh tray of joints on the table in front of the girls.

  "What's that?" asked Sarah.

  "It's when you put your hand inside someone's vagina, make a fist, and pump
their pussy until they cum," responded Kelly.

  "You can get your fist inside there?" blurted out Yvonne.

  "You sure can. Arlene and I will show you then you can try with each other."

  Kelly provided everyone with several pair of hospital quality latex surgical
gloves. I could tell these were the kind that cardiac surgeons wore when they
were giving you a new ticker. Kelly always went first class.

  All nine girls gathered around while Kelly donned a pair of gloves, squired
Probe all over my vagina and went to work. Being fisted is a matter of
relaxation and desire. Yoga breath control like they had learned that afternoon
was a key. The other key was having an intense desire to feel another person's
fist inside your body. Kelly was not the first person to ever fist fuck me. I'd
let a guy I was dating in college do the honors. It was a lazy Sunday afternoon
when Eric made me one of those offers I've never been smart enough to refuse.
We'd been fucking since lunch and were on a break.

  "I bet I can get my hand in your pussy," said Eric as he handed me the joint
he had just touched a match to.

  "Why would I let you do that?" I asked taking a toke and holding it.

  "They say its mind blowing. Once inside, I'll make a fist and fist fuck you."

  "You'll rupture something and I'll bleed to death."

  "No way, it's safe, I read all about on a Web site."

  "Show me."

  Eric walked me over to his workstation and brought up a Web site that included
a complete guide to safe and hygienic fist fucking. I read the guide carefully
before I asked, "Have you got the gloves and lube?"

  "You bet, Arlene, prepared like a boy scout."

  I guess Eric knew his whores. The average girl would probably have told him to
get lost. I spent the next hour on all fours as Eric worked all his fingers,
then his thumb and finally his hand inside my vagina. The first time there is a
tremendous amount of pressure. I was sweating profusely and focused on
relaxation when he announced, "I'm in.".  He said that like he was Howard Carter
or Lord Carnavon and they had just broken into Tut-Ankh-Aman's tomb.

  He repeated the initial entry process several times until I was more
comfortable before he announced, "I'm going to slowly make a fist." That
actually wasn't too bad. Eric was gentle and patient and he did have small
slender hands.

  After he repeated the making a fist segment, he began to slowly push his fist
along my birth canal. I can say that can cause you to take a few deep breaths.
When he reached my uterus, he stopped and began to methodically fist fuck me. I
started playing with my clit and in no time, Arlene was experiencing multiple
orgasms. For the two months we dated, fist fucking became one of our Sunday
afternoon regular activities.

  Kelly and I had fist fucked each other quite a number of times by the time of
Tiffany's birthday. After Kelly had opened me up and gotten inside she showed
the girls how she could push in to her forearm and feel my uterus. I lay there
while nine hands were inserted in my cunt, made into a fist, and pushed inside
to meet my uterus.

  Demonstration over, the girls were paired up. I got to do the birthday girl
again. Kelly circulated through the room helping as needed. It wasn't long
before the Great Room was full of moans and grunts as the girls' holes were
lubricated and opened to the point where hands could enter. Now fisting is
considered hard-core lesbian fucking just as anal fisting is for gay male sex.
Fist fucking a vagina is a diesel dyke thing. Lesbians to my knowledge aren't
disposed to anal fisting. (Why fist a shit packed asshole when there's a
reasonably clean pussy available?)

  It was at this point that I sensed that Kelly might be making some actual
converts to Lesbianism. I don't know whether lesbians are born or made but
Tiffany and her friends had learned that there were possibilities outside of
heterosexuality. If in the next few years, these girls met men who mistreated
them, lied to them, cheated on them, etc., then they at least knew you didn't
need a man to have a great orgasm.

  As soon as I got Tiffany off, I let her do me. Next, Casey and Yvonne got down
on all fours side by side and I stuck a fist in both their cunts and fisted them
to a dual climax while they tongue kissed and played with each other's tits and
clits. Carrie joined us and used me to demonstrate hard brutal power fisting
where dykes punch into your cunt like prizefighters. It's somewhere between
erotic and taking a good beating. Without the dope, I would not have let her do
that to me. Your uterus feels like a punching bag the next day.

  After that, we smoked more dope and fucked until exhaustion overcame us. It is
very hard to maintain the same pace as a sixteen-year-old girl. 

  The next day, a hung over and sore as hell Arlene drove her crew back to
Boston. At the time, I remember thinking that I was at least living a damn
interesting life. I was in love with Kelly and she with me.

  Oh well, nothing lasts forever.




Chapter 33 - Arlene Part 12



Please take note! Adults Only Literature

The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written for
adults only.

If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing this
file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
now.

This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
is purely coincidental, etc.

Email HarryBerg01@aol.com with your comments.

Copyright 2003

                                                             ****

Section 12   - Hazardous But Well Compensated Duty



  After the big battle with the Mongols where I played the role of Florence
Nightingale, I reached the point where the Pagans considered me one of my own,
even Kurt. I moved from the status of whore to a notch above that. I called it
"useful and dependable whore".

  After a short intense period of physical therapy, Kurt slowly returned to his
old self. A slight limp and some nasty scars appeared to be the only reminders
of what happened. His cock still worked. I tested it the first chance I got.
Happiness was having that column of hard man flesh inside my pussy while I
ground my clit against his hairy mound. Regardless of what my brain thought
about Kurt, my cunt overruled it when Kurt's cock was available

  Between Kelly and Kurt, it was hard to imagine how my sex life could improve.
I was enjoying great and frequent sex on all fronts. David had gotten over his
fear of STDs and I was back to my every other Wednesday office fuck. David's
search for kink had not abated. The last time at my place, he brought along a
sizeable strap-on and a tube of K-Y. He also brought a wig, one of his wife's
nightgowns and a pair of thong panties. He explained to me what he wanted and
like a good employee I obeyed my boss. I fixed his wig and dressed him then
proceeded to spank his bottom until it turned tomato red. After that I packed
his shit while he whimpered and begged me to stop. Later, while we were eating,
he told me what was on his mind.

  "Do you think I could ever pass as a girl?" asked my two hundred and fifty
pound boss.

  "In public? " I replied incredulously. I thought he was insane.

  "Yes, I want to become a cross dresser."

  "David, I think that would be a challenge." I was being polite.

  "What's my largest hurdle?"

  "Size to start with. You're a big man." Note I did not use the word fat.

  "Can't I be a big woman?" said David sadly.

  "You're just too big. One of my boyfriends in college was a CD. He could pass
but he was 5'8" and weighed 145 pounds."

  "That's great. So you know all about this and can help me. Suppose I lose one
hundred pounds."

  "That would be a very good start."

  "I'm going on a diet tomorrow," said David putting a handful of French fries
in his mouth.

  "All right, I'll help you." I was wondering how long this particular kink
would last.

  "What name?"

  "Name?"

  "Darlene, Doris, Debbie, what?"

  "Debbie, that suits you." He looked as much like a Debbie as I did a William.

  "Come over here and suck Debbie's big dick," said David pushing me down to his
crotch. I put my half eaten burger back in the Styrofoam box as my mouth took in
Debbie's big cock.

  Afterwards back at my desk, I started to wonder if any woman in America was
having as much raunchy, kinky, out of this world sex as little old Arlene. After
I thought about it a while, I went to the Ladies Room and masturbated. 

   On another front, Kurt not only treated me better; he arranged for me to make
some serious money. I think he now regarded me as a valued henchman who had
competently helped him to take care of some serious business. After all I got
him to the hospital where they removed all the bullets he had taken in the first
seconds of the Mongol attack. I fucked every doctor in the place to insure he
was well cared for and I even laid down for a lesbo head nurse. He owed me. None
of that meant he wouldn't order tell me to climb on top and fuck him like I was
a street prostitute or get down on my knees and suck him off while his buddies
watched. He just said it nicer.

  "Want to make some cash?" said Kurt as I was riding his tool.

  "How?" I was concerned he meant prostitution.

  "Do some pickups. We never put cash and product together in the same room.
You'd pick up the cash."

  So Kurt sent me to collect the large sums of money that fueled the drug trade.
I knew that if the DEA ever learned I was a drug money courier I could go away
for the rest of my natural life but the work was simple and the pay was
incredible. I made the longer trips on weekends. At times I made a local
Massachusetts pickup but the big money was in driving to New York, Washington or
Philadelphia for a major amount of cash.

   Frequently I drove to New York, met a dealer who would hide the cash in
special compartments of the Mercedes Benz 600SL that I used for these occasions
and then drove back to Kurt's condo where he handed me anywhere from $3000 to
$5000 depending on the size of the pickup. That' a lot of money for a day's
work.  I was building a significant pile of cash in my safe deposit box.

  I'd completed several dozen pickups without incident when things hit a snag.
The meth dealer's name was "Left Eye".  His right eye was glass and in the
center of the iris was a gold skull. What some people won't do to get noticed?

   The car's GPS navigational system took me right to his garage in Manhattan's
Spanish Harlem. I should tell you that the 600SL was bullet proof, bomb proof
and drove like a sports car thanks to some very expensive modifications
performed by a German engineering company that specialized in modifying
production cars to perform like sports cars. It also had some very expensive
electronics like a built in radar detector and a text based communications
system where everything was transmitted in code.

  In spite of the car's capabilities, I was under a death threat from Kurt if I
ever got stopped for speeding. As a result, I never drove over the posted speed
limit. That was what cruise control was for. There are times it pays to be a
law-a-biding citizen.

  When I pulled up at the garage door, I sounded the horn and the door slowly
rolled up for me to drive in. This was the dicey part. I had to get out of the
car, prove Kurt sent me by saying a password phrase, hear the proper response,
and wait while they loaded the car with money. Most of the time I was there five
minutes tops. Kurt had an evil sense of humor when it came to the secret phrase.
The one for today was "Fuck my ass till it bleeds."

  Drug dealers are not nice people and drug dealers in Spanish Harlem are
probably the worst of the lot. I was dressed in a short leather skirt and a silk
tank top. As the garage door opened, I pinched my nipples to make them show
more. I had gotten into the role of playing some rich drug dealer's whore.
Besides, I'd learned the kind of people I was dealing with considered you of
less importance if you looked like a whore. However, because I was driving a
$165,000 car I was dressed like an expensive whore just in case the police
stopped me. The car was registered in my name but Kurt kept it garaged somewhere
and only used it for pickups. Don't ask me how he changed the registration but
Kurt had some very good friends in the Massachusetts Department of Motor
Vehicles.

  The 600SL was a lot of fun to drive, twelve cylinders and all the horsepower
you can imagine. So there I was tooling through the streets of Manhattan,
looking like a $1,000/night hooker. I wanted to be thought of as a harmless
piece of ass doing a favor for the guy who bought me such pretty things. Whores
are just someone to fuck not be concerned with. Well, it was supposed to work
that way.

  I slipped my five-inch "fuck me" pumps on my bare feet to complete the effect.
You can't drive in those shoes. If they wanted to get rough with me, my only
defense was to fuck them out of it. The average man won't break your nose while
your mouth is wrapped around his cock.

  I'd never met Left Eye before but his picture was clipped on the dash. I
looked out through the heavily tinted windows and recognized him. I switched on
the car's external speaker and said, "Fuck my ass till it bleeds." He responded
with, "Your butt hole will look like the Lincoln Tunnel when we're done." God,
what an imagination Kurt had.

  At that point, I unlocked my car and stepped out showing enough leg that they
could tell my black silk thong panties matched my skirt. Before I exited I
pushed the magic button that opened the secret compartments where Left Eye and
his gang were to store $500,000. I was making $5000 as part of my one percent
courier's fee. Someone at The Side Car informed me I was officially a "bag
woman". Shit, I thought that was a homeless lady who pushed a grocery basket
full of redeemable soda cans through the streets. I suppose it was a dual use
term.

  "I need to take a piss," I said as soon as I walked up to Left Eye.  It had
been a four-hour drive and I was forbidden upon pain of a severe beating to stop
on the way back. I'd been known to pull in the garage at Kurt's and run past him
to the John and let loose a bladder full.

  "Sure, Rico, take her to the john," said Left Eye to one of his guys who
quickly walked away expecting me to follow.

  I was in an automobile body shop; actually it was a chop shop. I walked past a
dozen bays where Latinos were busily disassembling cars. I got a lot of leers.
Hell I was dressed to attract them. I stuck my butt and tits out and sashayed
along giving the workers something to look at. I got some lewd comments but
since they were in Spanish I wasn't sure what they meant. I recognized the word
puta. I suspected they weren't saying I was an attractive woman and they
respected my beauty and wanted to take me home to meet their parents.

  The chop shop was busy and guys were stacking parts on pallets as they
disassembled the stolen cars. Funny, how the spare parts are worth more than the
whole car.

  When we reached the back, Rico pointed me into a bathroom and followed me. The
place was filthy and smelled like a sewer. Rico pushed open a stall door and
gestured for me to sit and do my business. I considered asking for privacy but
decided against it. Pagan girls are supposed to be tough and demanding a little
privacy to urinate sent the message that you had a weakness. I hiked up my
skirt, pulled down my thong, and pissed. I'd drunk a thermos of coffee on the
drive and was about to bust. I cut loose and the sound of piss landing in the
bowl filled the small room.

  "Shit, you really had to go?" commented Rico.

  "It's a long fucking drive from Boston. You get off watching girl's piss, want
a squirt?" I responded. These guys only respect one thing and unfortunately I
didn't have a gun. As it turned out that was a dumb thing to say.

  Rico was standing there rubbing his crotch. I was getting the impression that
his Latino brain was mainly between his legs. I finished my piss and looked
around for some TP.  There wasn't any in the stall. The dispenser was empty.
Rico figured out what I wanted and grabbed a roll of the sink. He held it out of
my reach.

  "Cost you a blow job," said Rico holding the paper over my head.

  "Fuck you," I said reaching for the paper.

  "Listen cunt, you better show me some respect."

  "Hand me the fucking toilet paper, you asshole," I screamed.

  That set him off. He stuck his hand in his pocket and out came a small
revolver. Compared to the high tech weapons carried by the Pagans and Amazons,
it looked harmless but I knew it wasn't. That little Saturday night special
would blow a hole right through my head. Rico stepped into the stall as he
unzipped his coveralls.

  "Suck it bitch," said Rico arriving in front of me. He grabbed a handful of my
hair and stuck the barrel up against my head.

  If I had learned anything in my time with the Pagans, it was that men were
easier to deal with after you had sucked their cock and they had put their gun
away.  I was scared shitless this little PR bastard was going to blow my brains
all over the wall.

  "All right, but let's make it quick," I answered. Rico slipped out of the
greasy coveralls then pushed down these bright red bikini jockey shorts. He was
already hard. Apparently watching me make water had thrilled him. I had to make
an effort to keep from laughing at the jockey shorts. They were probably a gift
from some Latina girlfriend who wanted her man to look hot.

  He had a large uncircumcised cock that smelled like axle grease, urine and
sweat. Fortunately, my Pagan girl cock sucking experience was more likely to be
on the unhygienic side. I went to work. I might also add this was the first time
that my cash pickups required sex. Usually, the amount of money involved created
a fairly serious atmosphere where a piece of ass seemed too unimportant to get
in the way of the deal. I figured this thing with Rico was just a case of a
horny and brainless subordinate taking advantage of the situation.

  "Here, since you're such a cunt and you like piss so much I'll give you a
squirt," announced Rico as he grabbed my head and held it. A warm stream of piss
flooded my mouth and I gulped big draughts to keep from choking. I managed to
get it all down without getting piss all over me. Hell, I guess I asked for
that. Next time, I promised to keep my smart mouth shut.

  "Piss whore, you really like it," said Rico with a look of disgust on his
face.

  "Love it, now put a load of cum on top," I responded sucking him using a
lifetime of accumulated oral skills. I was anxious to get it over with. It was a
long drive back to Boston. Luckily, Rico popped pretty quickly and I added a
layer of fresh semen to my bellyful of warm urine.

  "Swallow that salsa, slut," said Rico alliteratively as I finished him up.
Afterwards I took the roll of paper, wadded up a few squares and wiped my cunt.
I remember thinking at the time; it was the first time I'd given a blowjob and
drained a bladder for a half dozen squares of toilet paper. I washed the taste
of Rico's urine out of my mouth in the sink. I remember thinking my stomach felt
full of piss and it was a four-hour drive back. Smart, Arlene, real fucking
smart.

  When Rico and I returned to my car, I realized I was in trouble. Someone had
thrown a greasy mattress in front of the 600SL. It was there on the concrete and
I had a deep suspicion that in a matter of minutes, I'd learn why.

  "There's $250,000 in the car," announced Left Eye.

  "Kurt said $500,000," I responded. This was the first time anyone had done
anything unexpected. I wondered whether this Puerto Rican moron had any idea how
Kurt would react. I learned later that Left Eye had only very recently expanded
from the stolen automobile parts business to the distribution and sale of
illegal drugs. Kurt had told me that if anybody gave me trouble, I wasn't to
argue. Kurt would take care of any problems his way.

  "Kurt won't be happy," I said as I moved toward my car door. Left Eye grabbed
my hand when I passed by him.

  "You tell Kurt Lambert he can kiss my Puerto Rican ass. But before you go, we
want to make your ass bleed just like you asked us to," said Left Eye as he
shoved me into the arms of one of his hombres. I was spun around and a fist
buried in my abdomen causing my diaphragm to expel all the air from my lungs.
Something came up and I tasted piss and my half digested breakfast. I choked it
all back down as I dropped to my knees trying desperately to replenish my air
supply. Someone grabbed my hair and held my head immobile as they landed a good
half dozen full open palm bitch slaps on my face. Those were the kind that hurt
like hell and caused your nose, lips, and mouth to swell and bleed all at the
same time. They also make you unable to hear anything other than a loud ringing.
A couple times, his open palm landed directly on my ear. My God how that hurt
and the ringing wouldn't stop.

  "You guys have your fun. Don't stop until her butt's bleeding," said Left Eye.

  They stripped me naked which given what I was wearing took less than a second.
I felt a moment of regret as my new leather skirt was ripped off me.  I was down
on all fours thinking about survival when I felt a gob of spit landed on my ass
and rough callused fingers enter my rectum. That was painful.

  Hey, take it easy, I'm not fighting," I offered. I didn't have any desire to
be labeled non-cooperative.

  "Here, use this," said someone as I felt some kind of lubricant applied to my
asshole. Later I learned it was axle grease. My rectum was irritated for days.
Kelly helped me by giving me several medicated enemas that washed me out; but
still rectal tissue and axle grease are not a soothing combination. The grease
burned and I cried out in pain.

  "Here, let's really grease her up," said someone. I felt something metal
slipped into my asshole and pushed deep inside me. I was able to look back to
see one of the guys working the pump handle of a grease gun. I could feel the
grease entering and filling my bowels. I started to wonder if I was going to
survive the afternoon.

  As soon as Arlene had a butt full of automobile lubricant, someone stuck a
cock up my ass and went to work on my rectum. The grease really isn't a good
lubricant. It's too thick and it irritates your bowel. I felt like my insides
were being pulled out so I started to sob and beg them to stop. Of course, my
pain was their encouragement.

  "Suck this bitch," caused me to open my mouth and take in a hard cock. When
you are being ass raped by twenty or so guys, it all becomes a blur. As I've
said before, I'm a survivor so in spite of the pain I began to fuck back and
suck cock like a girl whose life depended on it. And it probably did. The Pagans
had fucked my ass regularly so I could deal with that. However, Left Eye's crew
made a point of being rough and the grease burned like hell. They spanked my
butt with hard stinging blows. After a while, each blow on the same place was
enough to make me go out of my mind. My cheeks were on fire. If they wanted to
hear me scream, they got their wish. Later, I saw the dark purple bruises that
covered both cheeks of my ass.

  It wound down after a while. All the guys had screwed me at least twice. I was
lying there moaning trying to control the pain in my ass. My face was smeared
with shit, blood and axle grease from sucking cock that had been deep in my
bowels. I wasn't sure when this was over whether they would let me go or kill
me.  I was sobbing in pain when Left Eye returned.

  "Ream her ass with this. This whore's been fucked up the ass too many times. I
want the bitch to bleed."

  I couldn't see what he handed the guy but it must have been the last thing on
earth you want stuck up your ass. I felt something like the fat end of a
baseball bat covered with spikes being shoved into my butthole and twisted. I
whaled in agony. I begged them to take it out of me. It felt like my bowels were
being ripped out. I told myself this was going to kill me.

  "She doesn't like that, now twist it in the other direction," said Left Eye. I
could hear everyone laughing. My screams must have been deliriously funny.

  I know how pain feels and this was off the scale. I was screaming with every
ounce of lungpower as they held me and tortured my rectum. I was terrified that
they had punctured my bowels and I would end up with a colostomy bag hanging off
a surgically created hole in my bottom.

  I was still down on all fours when Left Eye walked up to me and spoke.

  "Tell Kurt, I decided I was paying too much so I took a little discount."
After that, he lashed out with his foot and kicked me straight in the face. I
went down with blood and snot gushing out of my nose.

  "Piss on her and put her back in the car," directed Left Eye.

  I lay there bleeding as a dozen streams of warm urine soaked me from head to
toe. After that, they shoved me behind the wheel. I was naked, covered in filth
and bleeding from a dozen places as I twisted the key. I had to move or die so I
summoned every ounce of reserve strength and drove. I kept telling myself I was
a Pagan and I could take it. It took everything I had to back out of that garage
without wrecking the car or collapsing or both.

   I managed to find the Tri-borough Bridge and Interstate I-93. Fortunately,
there were several bottles of Evian water on the passenger seat. I opened a
bottle and poured it over my head to wash the piss and blood out of my eyes. 
Thank God the windows were heavily tinted or someone might have noticed a naked
woman covered in blood driving an S series Mercedes-Benz through the streets of
Manhattan.  As I headed back toward Boston, I used the text pager to send the
code that there was a big problem with the pickup. I also sent the code that
indicated I wasn't in good shape physically.

  "Can you make it?" stated the readout on the text pager. At least Kurt wasn't
to busy breaking in a new girl to answer my page.

  "Don't know," was my response and it was a true one. I had set the cruise
control at exactly the speed limit. I was afraid I would pass out and wreck the
car with $250,000 in drug money on board.

  "Coming to meet you at Exit 43 on Mass Pike. Can you make it?" was my next
text message.

  "I'll try," was my response. I truly did not know whether I could drive
another mile.

  It turned out that Exit 43 was a rest stop about two hours from Boston. How I
drove two hours in my condition was amazing. I don't recall doing it. I pulled
into a parking space in front of the Burger King and passed out. I must have
been there a while before someone tapping loudly on the tinted glass awakened
me. I was never so glad to see Serge and Kurt in my life. Kurt's Lincoln
Navigator was right beside the 600SL. I switched the door lock open and Kurt
opened the door. He immediately jumped back.

  "You piss yourself, smells like piss and shit, where are your clothes?"
announced Kurt wrinkling his nose.

  "They pissed all over me. They beat me up, raped me, and took my clothes. They
hurt me inside my rectum," was all I managed to say as I moved over to the
passenger seat.

  "Serge, hand me the blankets out of the back," said Kurt to Serge who was
still in the Navigator.

  In one of the very few acts of kindness of Kurt toward me, he covered me up
with a blanket and let me sleep on the way back to his place. He covered the
driver's seat with the other one so he wouldn't have to sit in piss, blood,
grease, and shit. Later, when I told him what happened, he listened patiently
and then got that look that said somebody was going to die and not pleasantly.

  Next day I woke up at Kelly's place. I had been taken to an ER where a sigmoid
scope had been shoved up my rectum for an examination. The good news was that my
colon was badly scraped but in tact, no colostomy. My nose was packed with
cotton, broken in two places. I had two broken ribs and one of my eyes was
swollen shut. The bad news was that I would miss five days of work.  I had to
take three days vacation plus two unpaid days to keep my asshole boss happy.

  "What's Kurt going to do about Left Eye?" I asked Kelly.

  "My guess is that Left Eye and friends and family are going to die a painful
death. It's hard to believe that stupid Puerto Rican would try to pull something
on the Pagans. Kurt left you this." Kelly handed me a thick envelope full
containing $25,000 in hundred dollar bills. It was a lot but I felt I had earned
it.

  By the third day, I was felling good enough to make love with Kelly.  We did
it very slow and carefully.   

  When I got up Sunday morning, it was almost noon. I was on the mend planning
to return to work the next day. I made some coffee and read the Sunday paper,
The Manchester Guardian of course. There was a knock on the door. I opened it to
Godzilla.

  "Kurt said for you to look at this then cut it up," said Godzilla handing me a
DVD case. "You got a way to destroy it?

  "I have a paper cutter, will that do?"

  "Sure, just get rid of it today after you're done with it. I got to go."

  "Will do," I replied. For once, I was glad that Godzilla didn't want to come
in for a fuck. I was still pretty sore.

  I looked at the unlabelled DVD's that Godzilla had given me. I had an uneasy
feeling I knew what was on it. I inserted it in my new DVD player and pushed the
"play" button.

  Surprise, I was looking at Left Eye's garage in Spanish Harlem. There was Left
Eye hanging by his arms with rope tied to an overhead pipe. He was naked and
screaming, just like I pictured him when Kurt told me he would take care of Left
Eye.

  "I'll pay you everything, no double what I owe, just leave my family alone,"
shouted left Eye.  He was also babbling in Spanish.

  Guys in Halloween masks surrounded Left Eye. They were using cattle prods on
his private parts. In spite of the masks, I recognized Kurt and Serge.  They
kept dousing him with water from a sports bottle then touching the prod to his
privates and pressing the button. Left Eye screamed every time they jolted him.
Serge would place a prod under Left Eye's dick and hold it up. Kurt would squirt
water over his peter then the both of them would zap his dick and balls at the
same time. Based on the volume of Left Eyes screams, I'd say it hurt.

  The camera panned around and focused on an older woman trussed up just like
Left Eye. She must have been at least seventy years old. She had those flap jack
boobs that older women get from time and gravity. I immediately suspected that
was Left Eye's mother. Mom was naked. In spite of her age, a masked Pagan was
holding her legs beside his waist as he pounded his cock in her pussy. It was a
stand up rape that was forcing her to hang by her arms. Mom did not look like
she was enjoying it. She was screaming something in Spanish.

  The camera panned to the left and there was most likely the rest of Left Eye's
family unit being raped on two of those thin greasy mattresses that little
Arlene knew so well. Reno brought the camera in for a slow panning facial
close-up of Mrs. Left Eye, two daughters both of whom looked to be teenagers and
a boy that looked slightly younger. A fat Pagan in a Clinton mask was screwing
the boy in the ass. I thought I recognized one of Kurt's confederates by the
tattoos on his belly. The little boy was chewing on the mattress as his ass was
being thoroughly reamed. His face was stained with tears and he was obviously in
pain. Let's face it. We women are bred to have large hard tubes of hard male
flesh in our bodies. Most of us even like it. But for men, it has to be an
acquired taste. Right now, you could tell that Left Eye's scion was having a
hard time enjoying eight inches of cock in his rectum.

  The next close-up was of the youngest daughter who had to be no more than
thirteen. She had no tits and no pussy hair so she was definitely pre-pubescent.
Not that was in anyway, stopping someone I could tell from his height alone was
Godzilla. A male cock very much in proportion to its owner's 6'10" height was
penetrating that little girl. The girl was crying and pleading in Spanish.

  Her older sister was screaming her lungs out as she was taking a big one. You
could tell from the position of the Pagan the way he was standing on his feet
fucking downward that he was inside her rectum. The girl was maybe fifteen. She
still had those puffy little girl tits that drive pedophiles crazy. Someone had
punched the older girl in the eye and it was swollen shut. Drug dealers should
not have families.

  Finally, the camera swung to someone I assumed was Mrs. Left Eye. At one time,
she may have been attractive but not now. Her face had been converted to
hamburger by Pagan fists. Eyes were swollen shut, nose was flattened and her
bloody lips framed a mouth missing most of its front teeth. Three Pagans were
working over the Missus with a vengeance. I watched as they beat her tits until
they were dark purple.

  Then two Pagans grabbed her ankles turned her upside down. They spread her
legs wide in a V. Reno went in for a close up of a pair of needle nose pliers
getting a grip on her clit and stretching it out much further than you would
have thought possible. Then a scalpel appeared in the lens at the base of the
clit. There was a moment's hesitation before the blade moved. Blood spurted as
the scalpel passed through her flesh leaving a round wound when the final string
of flesh was sliced through. I had just witnessed my first female castration.

  A huge noise came from the sound track of the DVD and the camera followed the
sound to reveal a large wood chipper being started. It was then I saw several
naked male bodies lying on the garage floor. Those must have been workers in the
chop shop unlucky enough to be present when Kurt showed up for his pound of
flesh. The camera focused in on one of the bodies. There was Rico. I recognized
that pair of red bikini jockey shorts still around one ankle. Between his legs,
there was just a bleeding hole where his cock and balls had been. A Pagan
wearing safety goggles over his mask was casually picking up the dead bodies and
feeding them into the chipper. The noise the chipper made when it ground through
bone was deafening.

  The camera panned to Left Eye who was watching his family being raped with a
look of absolute horror on his face. Next they threw Left Eye's mother and wife,
also alive and screaming into the wood chipper while Left Eye watched. Kurt
walked slowly up to the hanging Left Eyes took his balls in one hand and twisted
the sack through a couple of revolutions and pulled down hard. This elicited
some very loud screams from Left Eye. Kurt used his free hand to take out his
K-bar knife, expose the blade and slowly castrate Left Eye. After that, they cut
Left Eye down and threw him in the wood chipper while he was still alive.

  With that the DVD ended. I suppose the children either wound up sold to a
South American brothel or followed their parents into the wood chipper.  I used
the office paper cutter I bought to slice the DVD into a dozen tiny pieces. Only
an idiot would keep that kind of thing around.




Chapter 34 - Arlene Part 13



Please take note! Adults Only Literature

The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written for
adults only.

If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing this
file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
now.

This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
is purely coincidental, etc.

Email HarryBerg01@aol.com with your comments.

Copyright 2003

                                                             ****

Section 13  - My Life With The Pagans



   I should start by stating that there is no such thing as a 'typical Pagan'.
Given that they are both high school dropouts and college professors, criminals
who traffic in drugs, porn and prostitution and others who are law-abiding
citizens, it's hard to come up with a common denominator. But if I had to, I'd
say I never met a Pagan who didn't have a healthy appetite for sex and that
includes both males and females. In the six months after I officially became a
Pagan, I got all the cock a girl could handle and then some. And with Kelly
around, I was muff diving when I wasn't enjoying man meat.

  If Kurt was away and Kelly was busy with the Amazons, I'd hang out with Reno
or Terry, even Godzilla. Friday nights I wind up at somebody's place getting my
brains fucked out by whomever wanted me. Most of the time that was a crowd.
Maybe I'm not normal but I got off on it. There was something in my psyche that
responded to the idea of lying on my back with one man between my legs and a
line behind him waiting their turn with me. I'd drive home in the early AM with
cum oozing out of my holes and its taste in my mouth and just love it.

  I should point out that there was always more Pagan men around than women,
normally two or three to one. It was considered very un-Pagan for a female to
refuse a male Pagan when he wanted a piece. You had to have a good excuse like
you were too busy puking your guts out. A Pagan didn't care if you were in your
period either. In fact that encouraged them. Eating pussy when the flow was
strongest was a rite of passage. I can recall looking down between my legs and
marveling as a Pagan, his face covered on menstrual blood rooted away.

  In the course of a single evening, a Pagan girl would get penetrated by every
male present. Keep in mind that a typical group would be made up of fifteen to
twenty or more males and five to ten females. When a girl decided to ride with
the Pagans, she gave up all choice when it came to sexual partners. That was the
reason, Pagans with wives and serious girl friends kept them at home away from
the club. The Pagans would move their cocks from girl to girl until they could
honestly say they'd been inside all of us during the course of a single evening.
Of course, your average overweight, cholesterol-loaded and out of shape Pagan
was only good for two orgasms a night and that was with the aid of drugs and a
favorable wind. Pagans over forty considered Viagra, the most important
invention since the wheel.

  But physical fitness and obesity were serious problems among the males and
some females. Kelly and the Amazons made fun of the lack of conditioning of the
average Pagan.

  That meant that after someone like Kurt who had the physique of a competitive
body builder and nine solid inches had made his deposit in my love tunnel, I
would have to screw an Ernie.  Ernie was four hundred pounds of blubber with a
three-inch penis. The only option was to suck him off. Once, Gina, Doris, and I
attacked him together just to see if we could get in a position where he could
penetrate us. Doris claimed to have gotten his prick inside her; but with the
folds of fat blocking all views, we were unable to verify whether his dick was
really inside her vagina.

  Being that available also had the downside that a few of the Pagans only
bathed when they were caught outdoors on their bikes in the rain. Pagans wore
jeans for six months without washing them. Those guys didn't wear underwear
either. And a few didn't believe in wiping their asses after they used the
toilet. My solution to the problem was to revel in their filth. Being able to
cope with life is often a matter of mental attitude. If you convince yourself
that green teeth turn you on that makes it easier to French kiss a Pagan who
doesn't own a toothbrush.

  Socially, Pagans are what the guys who run the polling for the Manchester
Union call "data outliers." They were a real part of American society but one
that engaged in practices and had ways of thinking that were not shared by the
society at large. Statistically, they are at the very edge of the bell-shaped
curve.

  A good example of this was Reno Cates. Reno was one of the few Pagans, outside
of Kurt, that I got to know something about. Reno was typical for a Pagan but
that meant that his lifestyle by most people's standards was as atypical as you
can get.

  Reno owned a commercial painting business that he and his uncle (now deceased)
had started right after Reno graduated high school. The business prospered and
Reno was financially comfortable. He always drove a new Harley. I attributed
Reno's business success to the fact that he was aggressive, smart and hard
working. Monday through Friday, Reno's "New England Wall Decor" painted and wall
papered commercial buildings all over Massachusetts, New Hampshire and Rhode
Island.  I recall him telling me he had fifteen guys working for him.

   Reno was referred to as a "weekend" Pagan. Unlike Kurt, who was Pagan
365/7/24 and who lived off the Pagan's drug business (lived quite well I might
add), Reno was a legitimate businessman who rode with the Pagans from Friday
night, all day Saturday and most of the day Sunday. The five weekdays were
devoted to making an honest living.

  Reno was married with three children. There was a boy named Danny who was
fourteen and the spitting image of his father. The oldest daughter Kate was
nineteen and a freshman at the North Shore Community College. The second
daughter, Kathy, was a junior at Wilmington High School. 

  Reno was married to a woman named Liz who as far as I knew did not participate
in any of the Pagan activities. I'd never seen Liz at the Side Car or up at the
camp. I just assumed she was not into letting anyone wearing a leather jacket
that contained the official Pagan patch climb between her legs. With three minor
children, I understood she represented the respectable side of the household.

  Reno at least on weekends was a let her rip Pagan that didn't hesitate to
engage in whatever illegal and insane activities happened. If you recall from my
previous section about raping the six high school girls, you know that Reno was
an active participant that fucked all six of the debutantes and made a video of
me forcing a turd down one of their throats. Reno's hobby was film making and he
was the semi-official video documenter of all rapes, initiations, gang bangs,
revenge torture and murder, act of bestiality and other interesting phenomena.
Reno had first class video capture equipment and had made the transition from
videocassette tape to digital DVD without a hiccup.

  Reno had filmed my initiation weekend and presented me with several DVD copies
of me sucking a burro cock and later being fucked by a Dalmatian. Pagans like to
refer to those as wedding pictures. Not surprisingly, I never showed my film
debut to my parents.

  During the week, he was all business but Friday night after a shot of Crank,
he was prepared to rape and pillage with the rest of his biker buddies.

  Twice a year, Reno had a party at his home. He had a beautiful home right off
one of the Wilmington exits of I-93. It was a renovated farmhouse that was sited
on several dozen acres that Reno had bought before suburban Boston property
prices had gone into the stratosphere. I'd have to say house and land would
easily sell for six figures.

  On the scheduled Saturday night, Reno invited the Side Car Pagans over to his
house for a barbecue. You would assume that meant he packed up the wife and kids
and dispatched them to relatives. Or that the Pagans respected the fact that
Reno kept his family and his Pagan lives separate and behaved like normal
people. Well, that wasn't true. I only went to one of Reno's house parties
however I was told that it was pretty much like the others. And that means it
was nothing like I expected.

  It was summer and there were a couple of grills on the rear deck, cooking
barbecue on spits. It started out pretty tame. Liz was in the kitchen preparing
food. She was in her forties, a little heavy, and wearing a summer dress looking
a lot like an overweight June Cleaver. Kathy and Kate were walking around with
trays of Buffalo wings and other finger foods. Both girls were dressed in shorts
and jog bras. I though when I first got there, that Reno's daughters looked more
enticing than I would have thought safe given those attending. Some of the guys
were watching Reno's big screen television. There was a Bruins hockey game on. I
somehow recall it was the Stanley Cup playoffs. Danny was sitting at the kitchen
island helping his mother by chopping up vegetables.

  I was still new to the Pagans. I assumed that since this was at Reno's
beautiful and well-furnished house and his family was present that we were going
to have a "nice" party. I thought we would all eat barbecue, behave respectably,
and go somewhere else afterwards to do drugs and engage in filthy disgusting
sex. Well, wouldn't you have thought that too?

   At the beginning, it looked like the kind of barbecue party that occurred in
a thousand American homes ever a weekend in July. Of course, a close observer
might have noticed that little packets of white powder were being passed around
and there was a strong aroma of marijuana in the air. But let's face it; you get
that same aroma in some of the straightest home these days, even those belonging
to country club Republicans.

  The careful observer also might have noticed that the men were paying a lot of
attention to Kate and Kathy who didn't seem to mind hands squeezing their
buttocks or slipping inside their job bras to grasp a warm tit. Gina and Doris
were playing grab ass with the guys but that was to be expected. There were a
couple of young Pagan girls there too but everybody was acting pretty sedate.
I'd been kind of shocked to see Godzilla plant a wet kiss on Kate and cup her
buttocks and whisper something in her ear. Whatever he whispered caused her to
laugh and give him another French kiss. I heard her answer, "Later," as she
moved away. Since Godzilla wasn't likely to be asking, "How's college life?" I
assumed he had made an indecent proposal that Kate found interesting.

  I was seated in a lounge chair on the rear deck drinking a glass of
chardonnay. I hadn't done any Crank but I had smoked some weed and I was feeling
pretty mellow. I was watching Reno and Greg brush sauce on the rotating meat but
I had a view through the back door into the kitchen. I watched in utter surprise
as two Pagans walked up behind Liz, lifted her skirt and stuck their hands
inside her panties like it was the most natural thing in the world to do.  One
of them leaned over to give her a kiss. They did this right in front of Danny
who was seated about three feet away at the kitchen island. I heard Liz laugh
and say something to the guys. One of them proceeded to pull her panties down.
She stepped out of them and the Pagan took a sniff and handed them to his mate
so he could sample their aroma. Why do men always smell a girl's pants as soon
as they get them off? Are they expecting something to be different this one
time?

  Danny watched as the two began to unbutton the front of his mother's dress
while they kept her skirt raised and rubbed her naked ass. You could tell that
Liz was enjoying being felt up because I saw her laugh and kiss one of the guys
with one of those full force tongues touching and spit swapping kisses that
communicate, "I want you to fuck me". I might also add that by this time one of
the Pagans had exposed his equipment and was rubbing it up and down the crack of
Liz's bare ass. Danny had stopped peeling carrots. He was starting intently at
the scene three feet in front of him. I guess when you're fourteen watching a
pair of bikers strip and grope your mother is a matter of deep interest.

  Kathy, the youngest, comes into the kitchen with an empty tray. She proceeded
to load it up with more Buffalo wings that Reno had delivered moments before
from the grill. The fact that two Pagans were stripping and groping her half
naked mother didn't appear to surprise Kathy in any way. She laughed and said
something to her mother that I couldn't hear. I notice that Kathy's nipples are
clearly visible through the thin cotton of her top. Her mom gestured for Kathy
to come closer.

  Kathy walked over and engaged in a round of deep kisses with Mother Liz and
the two Pagans. They push her top up exposing her well tanned tits and one of
the Pagans alternated between kissing Mom's and daughter's nipples. Kathy pushed
away, grab the tray and returned to feeding the guests. I guess duty called.
When she walks back into the living room, I notice she doesn't bother to push
her top down. I remember thinking to myself that I definitely misjudged how
Reno's house parties played out. I kept an eye on the kitchen as I took another
drink of wine.

  I watched as Danny slowly got down from the stool and walked to the door
leading to the deck. Danny was built like his father, small and wiry. He
casually strolled over to my chaise and parked his butt on the arm of my chair.

  "My dad says you are the best fuck he ever had," said Danny leaning over to
slip his hand inside my vest letting it come to rest on my breast. His hand felt
hot against my boob. Six months ago, I probably would have jumped up and yelled
for Danny to keep his fourteen year old hands to himself. However, in the
process of becoming a Pagan, I'd made a transition to their way of thinking. I'd
adopted the Pagan's go with the flow outlook. If Danny wanted to feel my tits, I
couldn't come up with a reason why not. His hand certainly felt good as he
massaged my nipple. Really, what did the fact Danny was fourteen count?

  "That's very nice of your father," was all I could manage. My nipples are very
sensitive and when they are touched in the right way, all my will power leaves
immediately. When you think about it, what would you reply? I hadn't finished
processing the fact that his All American Mom was letting herself be stripped
and fondled a few yards away. I let his hand rest inside my vest. Danny took my
nipple in his fingers and gave it a slight squeeze. I gathered mine wasn't the
first zicker this fourteen year old had rolled between his fingers.

  "That feels nice, do the other one," I said.

  "Dad say's you beat one of Brady Summer's best nude dancers in a blow job
contest."

  "I got lucky. My guys came easier."

  "Let's go upstairs to my room."

  I didn't have any moral qualms about having sex with a fourteen year old but I
was concerned about how his parents would react.

  "Is it okay with your mother and father?" I'm not exactly sure why I was
concerned. I glanced back in the kitchen as Danny's mother sunk to her knees and
took a cock in her mouth.

  "Sure, he says that we can act as honorary Pagans when the party's at our
house."

  "Ask him?"

  "Ask him what?"

  "Whether it's all right for me to go upstairs with you?"

  "Dad, can I take Arlene upstairs and fuck her?" I have to admit he certainly
stated it in a straightforward manner.

  "Sure, Danny, if Arlene doesn't mind."

  "Dad said yes, let's go," said Danny hopping up off the arm of my chair and
extending a hand to help me up. Someone in the family was training Danny to be a
gentleman. .

  He held on to my hand and I followed him into the kitchen where Mother Liz was
now sitting down in front of the sink straddling the cock of a Pagan lying on
his back while sucking the prick of a still standing Pagan. Maybe getting fucked
down and dirty on the kitchen floor is every housewife's fantasy. The average
housewife spends a significant amount of time with her two feet planted in front
of the kitchen sink. The work she does there is not exactly mentally challenging
and your mind must wander.  Perhaps, you daydream that two studs arrive, replace
that carrot peeler in your hand with a warm hard cock and then take you on the
floor for some serious fucking. It works for me.

  Liz had that look on her face we women get when there's two good size pieces
of man meat inside our body. I've been there more that a few times myself.
You're raising and lowering your hole filling it just like you like it with your
clit rubbing against their pubic area while the other warm cock is inside your
mouth and you can taste a little pre-cum. You sense the guy's need to cum inside
your body and your body wants that cum in the worst way. The best word to
describe it is Heavenly.

  When we walked by Mother Liz, she took the cock out of her mouth to ask her
son a question.

  "Danny, Where you taking Arlene?"

  "Dad said it was okay if we went up to my room and fucked."

  "You don't mind, do you Arlene? He's not very experienced. Other than a quick
poke with his cousin, he's a virgin."

  "God Mom, did you have to tell her that," said an embarrassed Danny.

  "No, I don't mind. Danny seems like a nice boy," was my completely irrelevant
and pointless reply.

  "Well, you act like a gentleman and don't get rough like you did with your
cousin. You tell me Arlene if he doesn't behave."

  "I will, he'll be good, won't you Danny?"

  "I'll be nice to Arlene, just like you taught me, Momma."

  I now had the all clear from both parents to screw their son. At twenty-three
I was only nine years older than Danny. I tried to recall if I'd ever fucked
anyone as young as Danny. My brother was seventeen when he broke my cherry. His
friends on the varsity basketball team were even older, eighteen and nineteen.
The next one to screw me after my brother Ed was the team's co-captain, Stan who
was nineteen. Stan and I did it in the basement of his parent's home. Two weeks
after Ed penetrated me for the first time, he reluctantly agreed to take me to a
party at Stan's house. I was the youngest girl there and Stan didn't seem too
pleased that I'd tagged along with Ed and Darlene, my brother's date and the
high school's head cheer leader. Darlene was a bimbo slut that my brother
eventually caught screwing his best friend.

  "Why did Ed bring you? Parents couldn't find a baby sitter, you're too young
to drink," said Stan when he found me getting a beer out of the fridge.

  "I thought you liked them young, Brandy's not exactly your age?" Brandy was
Stan's date and in the grade ahead of me. That made her at most a year older
unless the dumb bitch had to repeat a grade.

  "Brandy's very mature for her age."

  "So am I. I can do anything Brandy can do and do it better. You want to give
it a try?" I gave him a look that I hoped communicated "You don't have the nerve
to fuck me." Sometimes the best way to get screwed is to dare the guy to do it.

  "Ed's a bud and we play on the same team. You're his little sister."

  "Excuses, excuses, I knew you were all talk.  Maybe I should get Ed to write
you a permission slip."

  "You're really asking for it. But I think you're all talk too. Let's go back
in the laundry room. That's where we separate the women from the girls."

  "Women from girls." Men are full of that kind of bullshit. I did an about face
and walked toward the laundry room. I sensed that Stan hesitated for a moment
then either male ego or lust or both took over and he followed me. I unbuttoned
my blouse as I covered the few steps into a small room containing a washer and
dryer.

  When I turned around, Stan had his back to me locking the door. When he turned
toward me, I was taking off my blouse. I wasn't wearing a bra.

  "Are you sure about this Arlene?" asked Stan having another moment of weakened
resolve. The sight of my bare breasts caused him several moments of moral
indecision. I remember wondering if it was always going to be this difficult to
give away a piece of pussy. Just to hurry things along, I picked up his hand and
placed it on my breast. I reached between his legs and rubbed the lump in his
jeans. I'd decided to let my hands do my talking. A wise decision when it comes
to managing the horny male.

  "We can't tell anyone, Brandy would go bonkers," said Stan as he leaned down
to kiss my titties. The moronic cunt was probably upstairs giving someone a
blowjob. I was too busy unbuckling Stan's belt and unzipping his trousers to
worry about Brandy. I didn't care if that stupid bitch knew I fucked her
boyfriend. I was in a hurry to take out Stan's cock and compare it to my
brother's. I immediately noted it was longer but not as thick.

  Sex with Ed had taught me that the best way to start off with a guy was to
suck his dick. As soon as I freed up Stan's cock I knelt down and began the
process of oral persuasion that no man is willing to interrupt. Ed had taught me
a lot about giving head but I was anxious to learn more. I swirled my tongue
around the cockhead a couple of times just to limber up. That was something Ed
liked. From the sounds Stan was making, I could tell he liked to too. Then I
took the first three inches in my mouth and went to work. I have always had a
fondness for long skinny dicks like Stan's. They're much easier to suck and you
can deep throat them without gagging. You can do so much more with them when
they're in your mouth. I sucked Stan till he was hard then rolled backward
pulling him down on top of me.

  Luckily, Stan's parents stored the cushions of the patio furniture on some
shelves in the laundry room. I was horny enough to let my ass get pounded into
the hard cold linoleum floor but Stan pulled a chaise lounge cushion off the
shelf and threw it on the floor before he climbed on top of me.   

  He slid right into my wet hole and we fucked for a good ninety seconds before
he climaxed. In a matter of five minutes, Arlene, the fourteen-year-old girl
whore extraordinaire had made her second conquest.

  "Are you on the pill?" asked Stan when enough blood left his cock to put his
brain back into operation.

  "Yes, Ed took me to the free clinic downtown."

  "Ed took you?" responded Stan with a questioning look on his face. I knew the
question that Stan wanted to ask but didn't. I don't know what I'd said if Stan
had asked me if I was screwing my brother. I'd probably denied it just to avoid
getting Ed in trouble with his friends. They might have thought it was weird
that Ed was screwing his baby sister.

  Until I got to college, I considered myself something of an oddity in that I'd
had sex with my brother. However, in those late night marathon talk sessions
where we girls in the dorm aided by a little weed and a lot of chardonnay reveal
our inner most secrets, I discovered that incest wasn't by any means rare.

  "I seduced my brother when I was fourteen and he was seventeen," was how I
responded in a session of "Truth or Dare". The Truth had something to do with
how you lost your virginity. I was stoned and trying to impress my roommates
with how wicked I was. There was a little silence then one of the other girls
spoke up.

  "At least you seduced him, my older brothers, Sean and Mike, held me down and
rapped me when I was eleven. They were fourteen and fifteen. When I told my
mother she slapped me and told me to never mention it again. She also made me go
to her gynecologist and get on the pill so they wouldn't get me pregnant. She
knew they'd rape me again."

  "Did they?" I asked. I never learned to keep my mouth shut.

  "I lost track of the number of times. They also let their friends have me.
Once they charged a guy $20 to fuck me to get some beer money."

  "My first was my Uncle Roy," said one of the girls in a quiet voice that
hushed the room. You could tell from the tone and atmosphere, we girls were
spilling our deepest and most fearful secrets.

  "Did he rape you?" asked someone.

  "Not exactly. I was staying with my Aunt Kay and Uncle Roy while my parents
went on a two-week vacation to Europe. He sort of talked me into it. I was only
eleven and had a terrible crush on my Uncle. I thought he was the handsomest man
who ever lived. He was very gentle. He went down on me and made me cum then he
put his cock inside me. At the time, I thought it was wonderful."

  "Did your Aunt know?"

  "Yes, I heard them arguing about what would happen if I got pregnant. Uncle
Roy kept saying, "She's only eleven, you can't get pregnant when you're eleven."
I guess he was right because I didn't' although he screwed me every day until my
folks got back."

  "Am I the only one here, whose first was her father?" asked another girl.

  "You had sex with your dad?" I, big mouth asked.

  "Yes, Mom ran off with her boss and left us. He was so depressed and unhappy.
It seemed like the least I could do. I slept in his bed every night until I went
away to college."

  "Wow, where do you sleep now when you go home on breaks?"

  "Same place I've always slept." I realized that some might heavy stuff was
being thrown out.

  As I recall the one that really shut us up and ended the conversation was a
little red hair girl who came from a small town in northern Vermont. Its cold up
there and the winters are long and dark. People go a little crazy.

  "My mother was my first," she announced in a solemn tone.

  "That's silly. Mother's don't have a cock," blurted out the girl who lost hers
to Uncle Roy.

  "She taught me to use a strap on dildo. Dad had disappeared. She didn't have
anyone. She said she was going to teach me to get along without men. She said I
had to make love to her since Daddy had left."

  "Have you ever been with a man or just your mother?" I asked. I was curious
about lesbians. I had found myself getting a little flushed in the showers when
I looked at other naked girls.

  "Lots of times with men but Mom was my first." Obviously I was mistaken about
this girl being a lesbian even though she'd fucked her mother.

  I came away from that convinced I wasn't all that weird for having fucked my
brother. I also decided to forgo incest as a future topic of conversation, too
many sad depressing stories.   

  Stan with the help of my mouth on his cock and a wet finger tickling his ass
(something my brother taught me) got hard quick enough for another fuck. This
time he was gentleman enough to eat me and I got to climax before he climbed
aboard for another round of the old in-and-out. We dressed and got back to the
party without arousing suspicion. I remember standing there afterwards drinking
a beer with two loads of cum dripping out of my pussy and thinking what a hot
shit I was. Stan couldn't keep a secret and told his very best friend, Rick, so
I made another trip to the laundry room that night.

  By the end of the season, there wasn't a single varsity basketball player that
didn't have carnal knowledge of Arlene Fairchild, most more than once.

  I guess when I really think about it, maybe sixteen or seventeen was my
youngest to date.

   Records are made to be broken so when Danny and I reached the stairs I let
him climb two steps to reach the right height.  I halted him and took him in my
arms for a deep probing tongue kiss. I suppose he'd played enough
spin-the-bottle to know how to make out so I pushed Danny back against the
stairwell wall and made out like crazy. I unbuttoned my vest and pushed his head
down to my tits.

  "Suck my nipples and lick them," I suggested. Young boys are certainly
controllable. Danny attacked my breasts like a ferret after a chicken. It felt
pretty good and I was beginning to see some possibilities.

  "You go Danny," a young female voice said behind me and I turned to see Kathy
standing between two much older Pagans that had to be in their late forties or
early fifties. Kathy was stripped down to her thong panties and there was a
tattooed hand massaging each butt cheek and they were playing with her tits.
Sonny, the oldest one, looked likes a biker's version of Santa Claus. It was a
typical Pagan scene, a pretty young girl in the thrall of a couple of old
weather beaten bikers.

  One of the oddities about very young girls who hang out with the Pagans is a
marked preference for old, bearded, overweight bikers. About a month ago, a
sweet little thing named Tina accompanied by her friend Valerie began to show up
at The Side Car. I'd guess they were fifteen at the most. You would have thought
their taste would be more toward the Kurt types, guys still in their twenties
with good builds. Wrong, Tina and Valerie were gaga over an old biker nicknamed
"Extra". Extra's real name was "William William Pierce" (honest). The repeated
William became "Extra Billy" which got shortened to "Extra". Someone once told
me there was a famous Civil War general nicknamed "Extra Billy" for the same
reason.

  I thought it truly bizarre to watch these two girls faun over this old wizened
biker who was close to sixty. Pagans who reach sixty are high mileage. No one
would ever refer to a Pagan as looking good for his or her age. They look awful.
Alcohol, drugs, fights, motorcycle accidents, jail do not cause you to age
gracefully. Nor does the Pagan habit of overeating fattening foods contribute to
longevity and maintaining low levels of cholesterol. I never met a Pagan male
over forty who wasn't at least fifty pounds overweight.

  I should point out that during the Mongol attack, two of the older Pagans had
heart attacks. One died and one, Cisco, I helped take to Adelphia in St. Johns.
The doctor could not believe his cholesterol levels and had the tests repeated.
Cisco's arteriogram was one for the medical records. "I don't understand how the
blood flows at all," commented Doctor Myers, the cardiologist. Cisco went home
after one of the most extensive angioplasty procedures that Doctor Myers had
ever performed.

  "I roto-routered every artery and vein I could reach," announced Doctor Myers
after he had completed the four-hour procedure. The Doctor inserted a good dozen
stints into his arteries. Cisco being a Pagan completely ignored the Doctor's
advice to lose weight and adopt a non-fat diet. I once suggested to the owner of
The Side Car that he acquire a defibrillator given the quantity of one-pound
hamburgers and greasy French fries consumed on his premises. 

  Tina and Valerie waited on "Extra" like he was a God. They brought him food,
cut up his meat, washed his clothes, combed his hair, trimmed his beard, bought
him a nice watch, polished his bike, and sucked his dick among many other
things. What was more astonishing was that he accepted everything like it was
his due. I always thought it was something for the Guinness Book of Records to
see these two attractive young females using their mouths to work on his flaccid
liver-spotted cock and crying when they couldn't get him hard. He would tell
them that they just didn't know how to suck a real man's cock and that he was
through with them. That occasioned a round of crying and begging on their part
to allow them to try once more to get him erect. I suggested to Tina that she
slip "Extra" a dose of Viagra and the dumb bitch replied," I'd never do that, it
wouldn't be fair to William."

  Some PhD candidate in Psychology should do a study on this phenomenon. I never
even came close to understanding it. Of course at the moment, twenty three year
old Arlene, a fully initiated Pagan female with the patch to prove it, had her
hands inside the fly of fourteen-year-old Danny playing with his rock hard teen
age cock.

  I pulled Danny' mouth off my nipples and whispered, "let's go to your room." I
wasn't concerned about privacy but comfort. I didn't care if the world watched
me fuck Danny but I wasn't in the mood to get drilled on a hardwood floor.

  We kept our hands on each other as we walked up the steps. Danny had unzipped
my jeans and his fingers had found my slit that was wet as a Brazilian rain
forest. He was working his finger along that well trod path from clit to hole. I
had his cock out and was stroking it. Boy cocks are nice and smooth, no warts or
freckles. By the time we reached the door that had the little ceramic sign
reading "Danny's Room" my mouth was watering at the thought of sucking it.

  Danny had a typical teenager room. Posters for several heavy metal bands
adorned the walls. A desktop computer sat on a corner desk. There were plastic
model airplanes hanging by fishing line from the ceiling. There was also a
comfortable looking single bed against the far wall.

  "Let's get naked," I said as I stripped off my clothes.

  "What do you want to do first?" asked Danny as soon as I turned around from
throwing my clothes on a nearby chair. I had to make a mental adjustment that
Danny was not a Pagan that would expect me to do everything.

  "Let's start by me sucking you off," I had an incredible horn on to get his
dick between my lips. I pushed him back across the bed and got between his legs.
My mouth actually felt hungry for his cock as I put my lips on the mushroom head
and gave it a kiss. It had such a sweet clean smell and you could feel the
energy in the column of flesh. There was a nice drop of pre-cum on the piss hole
that I carefully removed with the tip of my tongue. I savored the flavor on my
tongue before I swallowed it. God it was delicious. Somebody should find a way
to bottle boy cum and sell it to horny females. They'd make a fortune.

  The once thing I hadn't forgotten about the male youth is that they don't last
long when their cock's in a warm and willing mouth. In less than a minute, I
felt Danny jerk and a warm puddle of semen emerged into my oral cavity. I worked
his piss hole with the tip of my tongue. I opened the hole a little then I suck
it before it closes. You can get the last drop of semen that way. I rolled it
back and forth across my taste buds then swallowed. There are times when the act
of swallowing semen is very satisfying. This was one of them.

  "I'm sorry I was so quick," said Danny with distress in his voice.

  "Don't worry, that natural for someone your age, you'll get hard again and
we'll screw some more," I spoke in that compassionate motherly tone that we
women use to comfort our men when they feel sexually inadequate.

   It's our way of saying, "It's all right, baby, Mommy knows you're an
incredibly potent stud. Mommy just loves that huge roll of man meat that flops
back and forth between your legs. It's so masculine. It's practically a weapon.
I'm going to get you hard again and this time everything will be okay. You'll be
a terrific lover.  After we're done, you can tell all your buddies that you
fucked my brains out and that I'm a slut and a whore."

  Sorry, I detect Kelly's influence in the previous sentence. I'm not really
that down on men. You fall in love with a dyke; you start to talk like one.

  "Want to play a video game, I just got a copy of Grand Theft Auto II," said
Danny pointing toward a Sony Play Station 2 sitting on a nearby table.

  "Would you rather we do that or would you like to learn to eat pussy?" I've
always heard that video games have a powerful hold over young boys but really
here I was naked and willing and he preferred me with a plastic joystick in my
hand to the one between his legs.

  "I've never done that," replied Danny torn between putting his face between my
thighs and a rousing game of GTA II. Thank God he was young and horny or I would
have found myself digitally cruising New York searching for a car to steal.

  "It'll make you very popular with the girls. Boys who know how to make a girl
cum with their mouths always get a lot of pussy. The word will get around that
you have a talented mouth." There was a good deal of truth in that. In high
school, I had tended toward those friends of my brother who didn't' hesitate to
dive into my muff and make me climax with their mouths. What girl doesn't
appreciate a man who practices the art of cunnilingus?

  "Come here," I said as I positioned myself in the center of the bed. I took
one of his pillows and put it under my ass to elevate my pussy.

  "Can I look at it a minute?" asked Danny who had climbed between my legs. I
guess its only natural for a first time male to survey the battlefield before he
attacks. I reached up and grabbed my instep pulling my feet back over my head.
As a serious five-year student of Hatha Yoga, I was flexible enough to easily
bring my knees alongside my ears. I took a couple of relaxing breaths then
pulled my feet behind my head and locked my ankles. Danny did a double take when
he realized how open I'd made myself. I made a few guys freak out when I put
myself in that extreme position. It can be a real mind trip when someone with a
cock like Kurt's fucks you with your ankles locked behind your neck.

  "Look all you want, just be gentle with your fingers," I advised.

  "How do you do that?" asked Danny referring to my rather odd looking position.

  "Years of Yoga and Pilates, I'm a certified Yoga instructor."

  "Can I touch your asshole?" asked Danny.

  "Get it wet first."

  "Want me to spit on it?"

  "Maybe in a minute, but right now, put your lips around my butt hole and
gently lick it. See if you can get it to open up."

  I half expected Danny to blurt out, "No way, that's where you shit." But he
was gamer than I thought (well, he was a Pagan's son) because I felt his lips
surround my brown hole and his tongue flick across my wrinkled and closed butt
hole. This kid had a natural technique. I mellowed out as I felt his warm tongue
probe my butt hole while his lips gently sucked on the flesh around the hole. He
took his time as his lips osculated and my hole slowly relaxed and opened.

  "That's the way, Danny, get it nice and wet, eating an asshole is called
rimming." Well, didn't Hillary Clinton say in her book that it takes a whole
village to raise a child? I was certainly doing my part to insure that a
particular area of Danny's education was not neglected.

  "Man this is hot.  I can smell your shit. I can taste it too." That comment
reminded me that I'd had a large bowel movement right before I left the Side Car
for Reno's party. Danny was getting a little more education that I'd planned.
Still, anyone who rims the occasional asshole must be prepared to eat a little
poo.

  "See if you can get your tongue in my shithole." I felt the tip of his tongue
slip inside my anus. "That's right, Danny, now tongue fuck my asshole while you
suck on the hole." I had to admit Danny was an excellent rimmer. When the sluts
at Wilmington High discovered his rectum eating capabilities, Liz would have to
install one of those "take-a-number" dispensers outside Danny's bedroom door.

  "Wow, there's a lot of shit in there," said Danny as he pulled his mouth of my
rectum for a second.

  "You eat it all and I'll do the same for you." I lay there feeling the
pleasure of Danny's tongue probing inside the first inch of my anus. Relax and
enjoy was my thought of a moment. After a few more minutes of anal pleasure, I
decided it was time to move on.

  "Come up here and give me a nasty kiss," I said. Kids are quick and in an
instant, his lips were pressed against mine. I could smell my shit on his breath
and he brought me a small quantity of brown kaviar that we passed from mouth to
mouth before I swallowed it.

  "Eat my pussy, Danny."

  "How do I do that?" Danny had retreated to between my legs and was staring
intently at the complicated apparatus we girl's call a pussy.

  "That's my clit. That's what makes me cum."  I said as I took his hand and
placed it on my love button.

  "It's so wet, how did it get wet?" I suppose I should have brought along
Gray's Book of Anatomy so I could have pointed out the location of the Bartholin
Glands.

  "Women have special glands that secrete a lubricant when they are sexually
aroused. You've got me so hot, Danny, I'm just gushing lube."

  "Is it like piss?" Odd question but I answered in the negative.

  "No, nothing like pee, it tastes great, lick me and see." I figured that since
he'd been eating my shit that swallowing the secretions of my female glands
wouldn't be a problem. I watched as Danny lowered his nose into my pussy and
inhaled.

  "It smells good like Kathy's panties." I gathered that Danny made occasional
forays into the laundry hamper in search of his sister's, and possibly Mother's
drawers. Is there a man alive today, that hasn't pressed his nose into the
crotch of a soiled pair of Momma's bloomers and inhaled the delicious aroma? I
doubt it.

  "Lick around but not directly on my clit," was my next instruction. After a
couple of minutes of instruction, Danny was performing wonderfully. I was so
relaxed I worried that my entire body would loose form and I'd dissolve into a
puddle. A good job of rug munching does wonders for a girl's state-of-mind.
After a while, I reluctantly decided to get on with matters so I made a
suggestion.

  "Lick your first two fingers and then slowly and gently stick them as far up
my ass as they'll reach." That's always been Arlene's most effective approach to
hitting the big "O".  Danny was still following instructions well. I'd already
checked his nails. They were short and trimmed.

  "Now using two fingers on your other hand, slide them inside my vagina," was
the second step.

  "Now lick clock wise then counter clockwise around my clit as you slowly
finger fuck my ass and pussy. Keep your fingers in me when I climax so you can
feel my muscles in my cunt and asshole spasm as I climax." I have no idea why I
wanted Danny to actually feel my orgasm. I suppose it was the Hillary Clinton in
me.

  "You got muscles in your pussy," said Danny in a voice of discovery. I had
begun to climax.

  "All girls do. I've just developed mine more that most girls."

  "How did you do that?"

  "I'll tell you later. Eat me Danny. I want to cum." Later I did allow my
student to insert his hand into my vagina and experience a demonstration of
Arlene's powerful dick squeezing snatch as caused by her outstanding
pubococcyceal muscles.  But at that moment, I needed to get off.

  I had one of those climaxes where you wrap your legs around your lover's head
holding his face against your muff using your thigh muscles and squeeze with all
your might to intensify your climax.  When it was over and I let his head go,
Danny took in a breath like he would if he'd swam the length of a swimming pool
underwater. As soon as I caught my breath, I suggested we make a switch.

  "Let's change places and I'll rim you."

  Fourteen-year-old boys have stamina. For the next two hours we fucked in every
position I could think of.  We finished up with a pounding ass fuck that sent me
over the top like I was ridding the Log Plume at Disney World.  I had to rest
for fifteen minutes afterwards before I could move.

  "So what did you do to your Cousin?" I asked once I got my breath back.

  "Mary, we screwed her in the barn. She didn't like it though. I got in
trouble."

  "Did you hurt her?"

  "Not really, but she made such a big deal out of it. You would have thought we
killed her."

  "Who was with you?"

  "Her brother Mike."

  "How old are Mike and Mary?"

  "Mary's twelve and Mike's my age. She wanted us to fuck her, the little prick
tease."

  "So what happened?"

  "We went into the barn with her. She said she would show us her pussy but she
chickened out as soon as we closed the barn door. She said she'd changed her
mind."

  "So what did you and Mike do?"

  "Made her take her clothes off. Actually, we took then off for her. She fought
hard to keep her panties on but Mike held her arms behind her while I took them
off."

  "And what did you do next?"

  "I got her cherry. Mike helped me hold her still so I could get it in. We had
to gag her with her panties so she would stop screaming."

  "How was it?"

  "Great, the first time was quick but Mike and I screwed her three times. By
the third time, Mary had quit crying and said it felt pretty good."

  "How did your parents find out?"

  "Little cunt ran and told them as soon as we let her go. I was grounded for a
month."

  "How about Mike?"

  "He never gets punished. He told me at school that now he screws her anytime
he wants her. She's become a real slut."

  Well boy will be boys, especially where pussy is concerned. Somewhere in this
world there may be a fourteen-year-old boy that really respects womankind but
I've never met him. To them, we're just whores and sluts who give them grief
when they ever so innocently need that fuck that is their birthright because
they are male. Frankly, I believe it is easier to give them a piece than try to
make them understand that you are a person. Sorry, I have to quit listening to
Kelly on the topic of men.

  I left Danny asleep and went down stairs where there was a group fuck going on
in the Great Room. Mother Liz, Kate, and Kathy along with the Pagan girls were
lined up on all fours being fucked by a rotating line of Pagan males. I got
naked and took a place at the end of the fuck line. For the next hour there was
a cock in my mouth, ass or pussy until the guys got all the pussy they wanted.

  As I was leaving, Reno handed me a DVD.

  "Something you might enjoy later," was all he said as he gave me a goodbye
kiss and pinched a nipple.

  That night at Reno's house made me wonder if there was such a thing as a
straight Pagan.




Chapter 35 - Arlene Part 14



Please take note! Adults Only Literature

The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written for
adults only.

If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing this
file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
now.

This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
is purely coincidental, etc.

Email HarryBerg01@aol.com with your comments.

Copyright 2003

                                                             ****

Section 14  - A Pagan's Christmas



   I forgot about the DVD that Reno gave me. I was busy, writing for the paper,
making pickups for Kurt, fucking him when he wanted me, and making love with
Kelly when she wasn't traveling as part of the Senator's security detail.
Saturday after Christmas, I'd driven to Philadelphia to collect a payment for a
large shipment of crystal. When I returned, there was a first class orgy going
on at Kurt's. I fucked myself silly. I'm talking about just losing it. I was
cranked up on crystal and drinking tequila shots while fucking males and females
in every position imaginable. At some point, I remember having beer bottles
stuck up my cunt and ass. Then someone suggested golden showers (It might have
been me who made that suggestion). I wound up in Kurt's bathtub with everyone
pissing in my mouth. Beer piss rained down on my by the gallon. I must have
passed out there because the next day that's where I woke up shivering with cold
and covered with vomit and dried pee. I was wasted. I showered off enough to
drive home where I intended to have a low-key recovery day.

  Not finding anything good on television I recalled Reno's mysterious DVD and
decided to see what it was all about. I poured myself a glass of chardonnay,
slipped the DVD into the player and pressed the remote's "Play" button.

  The first shot was the marquee of the Wang Center in downtown Boston. It read
"Nutcracker, November 25 - January 7". It was nighttime. The marquee was being
filmed from across the street I assumed. The Wang Center is this huge theatre in
Boston's legitimate theater district. It's also the home of the Boston Ballet.

  The scene changed to a crowd flooding out of theatre. From the way people were
dressed, I assumed the ballet was over. The audience moved onto the sidewalk and
streamed out to either their cars or nearby restaurants. Some of the crowd got
into waiting stretch limos and quickly drove off.

  All of sudden, there was a telephoto close-up of two young mothers and
daughters walking down the sidewalk away from the theatre entrance. Both mothers
looked to be in there mid thirties and the daughters were in their early teens
from what I could tell. The two girls were pretty and were talking animatedly as
they walked. The girls each carried a plastic shopping bag marked "Boston
Ballet". The moms had probably bought them a tee shirt as a souvenir. Every once
in a while, one of the girls would stop and try to repeat a ballet step.

  For many Boston families, taking the children, especially the girls, to the
Boston Ballet's annual performance of the "Nutcracker" was a family tradition.
Once, school is out for the XMAS holidays, Boston Ballet runs both afternoon and
evening performances that are normally sold out. Wanting to be a ballerina is a
rite of passage for many young girls. Going to see the Boston Ballet was
something special when you are between ten and fifteen years old. My Mother had
taken me to the Nutcracker when I was thirteen.

  The camera followed the mothers and daughters to a nearby multi-level parking
garage. The camera picked up a cream colored SUV as it existed the garage and
the camera moved forward. I was watching long-range dark grainy shots taken from
a following car or truck. The camera moved in close and I saw the SUV was a
Lexus 300-RX, nice expensive vehicle. The license plate read "Anton C".

  I had a strong feeling that I would soon be watching those women's worst
nightmare.

  The next scene was taken from behind the Lexus SUV as it proceeded southward
from Boston on the expressway. The camera picked up a highway sign that read
"Quincy" and then another one that read "Randolph". Before long, I saw a sign to
"Stoughton". I don't know the suburbs south of Boston that well; but Stoughton
was well south of the city. After a while, the Lexus SUV left the Interstate and
was on a two-lane road. It was on a quiet country road that the Pagans made
their move. A voice said,  "Now," and all of a sudden, you felt the vehicle
surge forward, catch up to the SUV and force it to the side of the road. The
screen showed Pagans with guns exiting the vehicle on a dead run.

  When a Pagan reached the SUV, he broke the driver's side glass with a tire
iron, reached in and opened the door. You could hear the women screaming and one
of the Pagans was pointing a sawed off shotgun at the car. Two Pagans jumped
into the SUV and it drove off. The screen faded to black.

  The next scene was shot in something that appeared to be the semi-finished
basement of an older home. You could see the floor joists in the ceiling. There
was a washer and dryer off to the side. But the scene was well lighted. Someone
who knew about lighting had even removed the shadows.

  I realized I was looking at a well-made and professionally edited video. Reno
had shown me the extensive video editing system he had set up in his office. He
had recently moved to all digital and was proudly producing DVD's instead of
videotape. You couldn't say the Pagans weren't up to date especially when it
came to making mementos of rape and pillage.

  The two mothers and two daughters were seated on a couch together, mothers on
the ends with the daughters between them. Their hands were tied behind their
back and there were cloth sacks over their heads. They didn't look too
comfortable. It was eerily quiet. A masked male figure slowly stepped forward
until he was in front of a one of the women. He had on a black mask like the one
worn by the Lone Ranger. Sometimes, the Pagans have a weird sense of humor. I
was totally astounded to see he was wearing a cordless microphone.

  The Lone Ranger stood there quietly a good half-minute before he reached down
and touched her boob. She was wearing a sweater and her fear caused her nipples
to show through the material. He formed his fingers into a pincher, showed that
to the camera then pinched her nipple hard before she realized what he was
doing.  That occasioned a loud shriek from the woman with the fondled boob.

  "Please, leave us alone, we have money, take it," shouted the other woman. You
could barely hear her muffled voice through the sack.

  We don't want money. Don't make a sound this time or I'll cut it off," said
the man as he reached down to take a pincher grip on her other nipple and
squeeze it. The camera went in for a close-up. You could see that his thumbnail
was deeply embedded in the woman's flesh. My own nipple felt a twinge of
sympathy pain.  The lady kept quiet although you could see her entire body
tense. The Lone Ranger squeezed harder and the lady's body started to shake with
pain. You could tell she was clinching her legs together trying to control the
agony.

  "What? What do you want?" screamed the woman at the other end of the couch.

  "Revenge, punishment, this is a retribution for wrongs suffered by the Pagan
Motorcycle Club. Technically, this is what we call a reprisal," said the Lone
Ranger quietly. He let go of the woman's nipple. It looked swollen under the
sweater.

  "That's insane, for what, what did we do to your club? I don't know anybody
who even owns a motorcycle," said the woman whose nipple had been mangled by the
Lone Ranger's fingernails.

  "Actually, it was one of your husbands that didn't do right by us," said the
Lone Ranger moving over to the other woman and feeling her breasts. She jumped
when she was touched but kept quiet.

  "I don't understand," said one of the women.

  "The Pagan's have chosen to make their reprisal against the husband's family.
It's as simple as that. We can have more fun with his wife and daughter.
However, so he knows exactly what kind of trouble he got you into, we're
capturing everything on video. We plan to send Fred a copy," said the Lone
Ranger.

  "Fred, my Fred," said one of the women.

  "Yes, your Fred. Your driver's license says you are Renee Kirkpatrick of 224
Sanders Park Way in Stoughton, MA. You're definitely the one. You are married to
that prick Fred Kirkpatrick who owns a chain of dry cleaners." He was reading
her drivers license that he had extracted from her purse.

   I realized that Reno had given me the DVD thinking I would enjoy watching it.
This was strictly for entertainment purposes. I had no idea who Fred Kirkpatrick
was or what he had done to anger the Pagans. However, a chain of dry cleaners
sounded like an excellent cover for distributing drugs.

  "Cut the bullshit, Ronnie, let's get on with it." Someone behind the camera
shouted.

  "All right, Renee, you get to go first since you are Fred's wife," said Ronnie
as he pulled Renee to her feet and pulled the cloth sack off her head. He used a
pair of wire cutters to remove the plastic cable tie binding her wrists. Renee
looked around as she rubbed her wrists. You could see her look of growing
despair as she figured out that she wasn't going anywhere until the Pagans were
through with her.

  I saw that Renee was an attractive woman with a good figure, the kind of
figure that required trice a week workouts with a personal trainer. She was
wearing an expensive beige knit suit. The four were the type of upper middle
class people who weren't supposed to wind up in a basement about to be gang
raped by unwashed bikers. Renee shook her blonde hair out as she looked at the
other three women seated on the couch.

  "Now, strip, take it off, all off as they say in the nudie bars."

  "No way, absolutely not," responded Renee. Renee had not yet figured out whom
she was dealing with. Otherwise she would have not bothered to object.  When
you're in a basement with the Pagans and they say, "take it off" you take it
off.

  Ronnie made one of those obnoxious buzzing sounds like you hear on a game show
when a contestant gives a wrong answer. He immediately sunk his fist into
Renee's abdomen causing her to bend over and fall to her knees. You heard the
expected retching sounds followed by deep breaths. The others hearing the blow
and Renee's desperate attempts to refill her lungs started to cry and make
noise.

  "You don't shut your yaps, we're going to start cutting tongues out," yelled
Ronnie as he grabbed a fistful of Renee's blonde curls, twisted them tight and
pulled her erect using her hair as a handle. "Ouch" I thought knowing that being
lifted up by your hair hurt like hell.

  "Won't ask again, take it off," said Ronnie, "Next time, I go to work on your
little ballerina here. Want me to mess her up?"

  "No, okay, " said Renee as she slipped off the jacket to her suit and began to
pull her over her head.

  "You get to watch this time, then you get to go next," said Ronnie as he
pulled the cloth sacks off the other three women. The three women took a moment
to adjust their eyes. The light was very bright. It was two blondes and two
brunettes. Renee and daughter were the blondes.

   The picture quality was excellent. I could picture Reno carefully reading his
light meter and adjusting the white polarizing screens that formed a rough
semi-circle around the back of the couch. Reno always tried to make a video with
good production qualities. The sound and lighting were first rate.

  "What's your name, sweetheart, and how old are you?" said Ronnie as he cupped
the chin of Renee's daughter.

  "Ashley, Ashley Kirkpatrick, please don't hurt my Momma again."

  "That all depends on you and Mother and your Aunt and Cousin being
cooperative. You know what cooperative means?"

  "Yes, it means doing what you are told." Ashley was sniffing a little.

  "That's exactly right. Now when I told your Mother to take her clothes off,
she refused. That's the very opposite of cooperative. But see now, she's down to
her panties and bra. Your mother has learned to cooperate. I said everything
Renee. We don't have all night."

  "Please," pleaded Renee who was standing there in a matching cream-colored
panty and brassiere.

  "I said all of it. From now on, you don't cooperate, we're going to let Ashley
pay the price," said Ronnie as he pulled Ashley to her feet.

  "No, no, here, see, I'm taking them off, don't hurt her."

  Renee quickly unhooked her brassiere and pulled her panties down.  Obviously,
Renee spent some time in the health club. She had a good figure and wasn't
carrying any extra weight. She automatically folded her arms over her breasts
when Ronnie looked at her.

  "What size?"

  "What?"

  "Don't play dumb, your tits, how big?"

  "34C"

  "Nice, Ashley, what do you think of your Momma's tits. Are they pretty?"

  Ashley hesitated for a long moment too scared to respond.

  "I said are your fucking Mother's fucking tits pretty? Answer me, you little
bitch," screamed Ronnie in Ashley's face.

  "Yes, they're pretty," yelled the terrified girl.

  "Then give them a kiss," said Ronnie as he pulled Ashley to her feet and
pushed her face into Renee's breasts. Ashley tried to pull back but Ronnie held
her and her mother tightly together. His hand was embedded in Ashley's blonde
curls and he was twisting her hair hard.

  "Please don't make me do that," whined little Ashley.

  "You suck and lick Mommy's nipples or I'll cut them off and make you eat
them," said Ronnie getting into his psycho mentality.

  "Go ahead, Ashley, do as he says," said Renee who was trying hard to stay in
control.

  I watched as Ashley kissed her Mother's nipples then slowly started to suck on
them. Ashley's hands were still tied behind her back so everything looked a
little awkward. Renee wound up holding her breasts to Ashley's mouth.

  "Beautiful, absolutely beautiful, you getting all this Reno?" asked Ronnie.

  "Yes, work of art, may win the Palme D'or at Cannes," said a voice behind the
camera with a laugh. I reminded myself that thinking the Pagans were an
uneducated bunch of troglodytes was a mistake. There were a certain number of
Pagans who had PhD's and taught at universities.

  "Sit down, Renee, Ashley, its your turn to show your pussy to the camera,"
said Ronnie

  "Please, she's only thirteen, do what you want with me but please, for the
love of God leave her alone," sobbed Renee.

  "I detect non-cooperation," said Ronnie as he delivered a sharp punch to
Ashley's midsection. Ronnie pulled the punch or he would have broken something
inside the girl. Still, the blow lifted Ashley's feet off the floor. That sent
the girl to the floor retching.

  "You animal, you fucking animal," screamed Renee lashing out toward Ronnie.
Her sister and the other child joined in the screaming. Ronnie stepped forward
and kneed Renee right between her legs. Renee opened her mouth but nothing came
out for several seconds then a piteous cry of pain emerged and she fell to the
floor. I've seen women kneed in their vaginas before. A hard kneecap in violent
contact with your most tender parts is an experience I imagine you never forget.
Renee rolled around on the floor with both hands clutching her pussy and
screaming.  It took a while for the pain to subside.

  "Shut the fuck up," screamed Ronnie in an overpowering voice that silenced the
women, "This can have two different endings depending on you. If you keep giving
us a hard time, everyone is going to need a lot of rehabilitation and plastic
surgery after we're done. So if you like the way your face looks, do as your
told."

  "Now, for the last time, strip," said Ronnie as he untied Ashley's hands.
Ronnie had pulled Renee erect once again using her hair as a handle and thrown
her back onto the couch. Ashley obeyed this time, untying the pink sash from
around her waist and pulling the black crushed velvet dress over her head.

  "Wrong place, wrong time, huh," said Ronnie as he read Renee's sister's
driver's license. Ashley was slipping out of her undies as Ronnie spoke to the
sister.

  "Cindy Pearson, 222 Wenham Park Road, Fred's sister-in-law, here let's all get
naked." Ronnie read as untied Cindy and her daughter.

  "What's your name, darling?" Ronnie asked Cindy's daughter as she slipped out
of her red velvet dress. Her mother untied the large silk bow in the back.

  "Melody, my name is Melody."

  "And how old are you Melody?"

  "Fourteen."

  "Ever let boys see you naked?"

  "No."

  "I bet they've asked."

  "Jimmy did."

  "Did you show him your puss?"

  "No, but he felt my chest and said I didn't have any boobs."

  "Ever been kissed?"

  "Leave her alone," said Cindy defiantly.

  Ronnie's hand instantly landed a vicious backhanded slap across Cindy's mouth.
The force of the blow knocked her back down on the couch.

  "Melody gets the next one of those if you open your mouth again. Now, shut the
fuck up. Are you people stupid? What's it going to take for you to understand
that you're going to do what we say whether you like it or not."

  Ronnie stood back as the two women finished undressing. There were four
attractive nude females seated on the couch. The Pagans would be having their
fun with them in a matter of minutes.

  "Those are nice, Cindy, they're not real are they?" said Ronnie as he took one
of Cindy's breasts in his hand.

  "I had an augmentation."

  "How big?"

  "36D."

  "Wow, real big hooters, here let me feel, phony tits sometimes feel phony,
yours feel nice," said Ronnie as he stepped in front of Cindy and took hold of
both of her large breasts.

  "Hey, very nice, my girl wants a pair. Who's your doctor?"

  "Neely, Alan Neely, he's in Boston," responded Cindy.

  "Okay, we got four naked women, what's next Reno?"

  "Pussy eating time, let's have the mothers show the daughter's how," responded
Reno off camera.

  "Okay, Ashley and Melody on the couch with your legs spread wide, Mom's
kneeling on the floor. Each mother starts on her own daughter and then switch to
your niece. It's rug munching time for the Kirkpatrick and Pearson families."

  "I can't do that," announced Cindy. "I won't do it."

  "Please, Sis, we have to," said Renee. I realized that Renee had accepted her
fate.

  "Godzilla, hand me the prod, I'm running out of patience here," said Ronnie
turning around to take a white plastic cylinder with a silver knob on the end
from Godzilla.

  Ronnie reached down pull the cylinder against Cindy's pussy. There was an
angry buzz and Cindy fell to the floor screaming her lungs out as she rolled
around on the floor with both hands clutching her cunt. I felt like I could
almost smell the odor of burning cunt hair.

  "Cindy, listen dumb bitch, this was your absolute last chance. The prod was on
low power. We haven't got all night. This is a fully charged cattle prod like
they use in slaughterhouses. If I touch this to 3,000-pound Brahma Bull's nuts
and push this button, the bull will run till he drops. Now if you give me any
more of your shit, I'm going to stick this up your cunt as far as it will go,
switch to high power, and push the button.  After that, there will be absolutely
nothing you won't do to avoid another taste of Sparky. So make up your mind. Do
what your told or be ready to fuck the electric eel. I repeat this is your
absolutely last chance," said Ronnie as he placed the plastic column between
Cindy's legs.

  "Do it, Cindy, for the love of God, quit making this so fucking hard,"
screamed Renee.

  "I suggest you follow your sister's advice. Besides, eating Melody out might
do wonders for your relationship," said Ronnie displaying an evil grin.

  "All right, I'll do it," whined Cindy perhaps recalling a time spent on her
uncle's farm where the farmer was handy with an electric prod.

  "Now, Reno will be your director. Just pretend you're making a porn film. I'm
going to sit over here and watch the action."

  I was somewhat surprised that none of the four women had totally freaked out.
The Pagans prefer it when the women totally lose control and just can't deal
with it and become hysterical. Renee appeared to be the survivor of the bunch.
The fact that the mothers were there with their daughters probably helped to
keep Ashley and Melody from becoming catatonic. Things would have been vastly
different if there had been just the two girls or the two women. The Pagans had
a good understanding of the psychology of rape. Mothers will do anything to
protect their daughters and daughters respond similarly.  Pagans also love to
rape and sexually abuse families and force members to commit incest. Once a
father has fucked his daughter or a mother her son, the Pagans know you are
broken psychologically and you are under their control.

   I considered not watching the rest of the DVD then discarded the idea. After
all, I reasoned that what happened has already happened and watching won't
change a damn thing. I untied my robe and spread my legs over allowing my hand
to wander down to my clit. I paused the DVD, went to the bathroom and retrieved
a bottle of AstroGlide. I squirted some of the lubricant on my clit, waited for
my body to warm it up then began to make small slick circles around my little
man in the boat. I realized that for once and all I was a Pagan girl. The four
women were naked. The camera took a lingering close up of their nude bodies. The
young girls looked positively yummy. I started to wish I'd been in that basement
participating.

  "Mom's get on your knees in front of your daughters," said Reno, "Start
licking when I give the command."

  Under Reno's rather precise direction, the two Moms' ate out their daughters
until little Melody actually climaxed.

  "You're going to be a hot one when you grow up, Melody," said Ronnie from
behind the camera.

  The camera work was almost gynecological as Cindy and Renee licked the
clitoris, vagina, and anus of their daughters. Reno directed that fingers be
inserted in their pussies next.  After a good ten minutes of family muff diving,
Reno directed the Mom's to eat out their nieces. That actually went even better
in my view. I suppose there is less of the incest taboo in going down on your
sister's kid. I had to slow down and stop on my own clit it was so hot watching
those young mothers go down on their daughters. I didn't want to climax too
soon.

  The next act saw the two girls eating out their Mother's and then Aunt's. Both
Moms's climaxed or at least faked it for the camera. The girls relaxed as they
licked their mother's vaginas and clits. Both girls out of fear responded to
Reno's directions that they smiled for the camera and took long slow sensuous
licks. Reno required the mothers to act like there daughters eating there pussy
was the hottest and most sensuous experiences of their lives resulting in major
orgasms. Both girls turned out to be good little actresses. They managed to
convince the camera that eating their mother and aunt's snatch was a great deal
of fun.

  Reno's camera lens at times was less than an inch from flesh as he captured
the action.

  "All right, that's it for part one. Anybody need a drink? I've got water,
coke, diet coke and an Australian chardonnay that was rated 92 by Wine
Spectator," announced Ronnie stepping forward.

  "My God, a rapist and a oenophile," I thought. I didn't know Ronnie but was
beginning to fantasize that he was fucking me while I ate Melody's pussy.

  "The wine might help you relax," suggested Reno.

  "Aren't we done? Can't we go now?" asked Cindy.

  "Cindy, you haven't even been fucked. Did you honestly believe that a little
muff diving was all? Did you think your four examples of female flesh would be
allowed to leave without taking at least one cock in your pussy? What kind of
kidnappers and rapists would we be if we let you off that easy," said Ronnie.

  "The girls too?" asked Renee knowing the answers before she finished the
question.

  "Of course, nobody leaves a Pagan gangbang a virgin," said Ronnie matter of
factly.

 I had always marveled how Pagans approached gang rape with a sense of humor. It
actually gets them in a good mood. Most Pagan activities had about as many
laughs as a baby's grave but raping mothers and their children tickled their
funny bone.

  "Oh my God, she's just a little girl," moaned Cindy starting to cry.

  "But we're going to be humane about it. The Mom's go first and the daughters
get to watch and see what fucking is all about. Then the Mom's can console their
daughter's when they loose their cherry. You girls are virgins, aren't you?"

  Both girls nodded yes.

  "Wine or pop?" asked Ronnie.

  "Wine for us, a little wine will help you relax, Ashley," said Renee. I could
tell that Renee was definitely the survivor in the group. She was thinking, 
"Let's just do whatever it takes to get out of this alive.  Ashley will get over
it and so will Melody if Cindy doesn't get us killed."

  "Would you like a little wine, Melody?" asked Cindy. Both Moms were now in
survival mode. Cindy was slower but she had figured it out. Let's face it both
of the girls would have been giving up their virginity in no more than two or
three years at the most.

  Action ended with the four females sitting on the couch naked drinking wine
out of paper cups. The screen faded to black. When the action restarted, two new
males had taken positions between Renee and Cindy's legs. They were already
naked and sporting hard ons. I wondered if there were Pagan girls working as
fluffers behind the camera. Reno had edited out all the "dead scene" time.

  "Now, you girls watch carefully how your mother fucks so you can do the same
in a few minutes," said Ronnie.

  I watched a basic straight fuck by two well-hung studs that had been off
camera. The guys lifted Cindy and Rene's legs to their shoulders then on worked
their cocks inside. The guys were also wearing Lone Ranger masks.

  "How is it, Case?" asked Reno.

  "Nice and tight, feels good," responded the guy who had just entered Renee's
cunt.

  "Melody, Ashley, you watch close, you are next," advised Ronnie. This was not
going to be a romantic deflowering.

  Again Reno worked some very tight camera shots, the kind where you are looking
up the women's well-lighted asshole as the guy's cock plows her cunt.

  "You guys want to switch," asked Reno after five minutes of pussy plowing. The
two women were grunting each time their rapists drove it deep.

  "Yes, sure," said one of the rangers as he pulled out.

  The girls were leaning over watching their mother's get screwed. I couldn't
imagine what was going through their minds. The mom's were still moaning each
time, the guys thrust home. Young girls know an awfully lot about sex these
days. I suppose watching Mom take a high hard one completed their education.
Cindy was making a deep throaty sound. Her eyes were closed; maybe she was
pretending Brad Pitt had his cock in her.

  "You two girls play with your pussy while you watch Mommy," suggested Reno
handing them a squeeze bottle of lubricant. "Squirt some on your cunts so it
feels good."

   The girls applied the clear lube then put their hands on their clit and
started stroking. I recalled reading somewhere that young girls learn to
masturbate these days by age nine. I was certainly having my own fun. I took a
large dildo that Kelly gave me and worked it into my cunt. I flipped the switch
in the base and felt the pleasant hum as the dildo brushed against my G-spot. I
was working my clit with one hand and dildo fucking myself with the other.

  The guys dumped their load after several minutes. Two more males appeared out
from behind the camera. One of the guys was black. Arlene was sure she had seen
him somewhere.  His cock was hard and looked slightly obscene because it stuck
out so far.

  "Okay, girls, on the floor, mothers can help their daughters get it in, its
cherry busting time," sang out Reno enthusiastically.

  Thank God, the girls were both tall and thin I thought as I watched the girls
being soothed by their mothers as the two males knelt at their rears and rubbed
their cock heads up and down their pussies."

  Just take deep breaths and relax," advised Renee as she took that huge black
cock in her hand and positioned it at Ashley's opening. Renee bent over and gave
the cock a couple of very moist licks then spit on Ashley's opening. Cindy did
the same with Melody using her fingers to open Melody's hole.

  "Don't hold your breath when you feel it enter you, just breathe normally,"
advised Cindy.

  Reno captured some very good close-ups of first Ashley and then Melody's
deflowering. The black guy's big thick cock was poised at little Ashley's
opening.  The cock head was just inside her vagina.

  "Push it in slowly, Steve" directed Reno. There was the sound of Ashley taking
deep breaths.

  "It's going to be all right, sweetheart, you saw Momma doing it and you can
too," said Renee.

  "It hurts," squealed Ashley.

  "Deep breaths, try to relax," said Renee, "It will quit hurting in a minute,
just relax and breathe."

  I wondered how it would change their mother and daughter relationship. Renee
and Cindy had participated in their daughter's loss of virginity. That seemed
like a very heavy thing to contend with over a lifetime. Would it make them
closer or drive them apart? On the other hand, they certainly weren't the only
mother daughter pair that shared a rape. The Pagans had rampaged over many a
family in the last decade and no one even the males walked away a virgin.

  In a few years or less, some high school kid would have done the honors in the
backseat of a car. For myself, I couldn't imagine being in my mother's arms when
I got screwed for the first time.

  When a well-endowed young male deflowers girls as young as those two, there
was bound to be some pain. However, all in all, it wasn't your normal brutal and
vicious Pagan rape. I was surprised that the Pagans hadn't just ripped the
women's clothes off, nailed their hands to the floor, and raped them while they
screamed.  I suspected they were sending a message to Fred Kirkpatrick that
wasn't meant to completely ruin his life. Otherwise, Fred would have been
hanging by his balls from those floor joists with a baseball bat up his ass
watching his family raped.

  Basically the two women held their daughters in their arms as they received
their first ever screwing. There was very little blood and not all that much
pain. That was probably due to the girl's ballet practice. Certain of the first
five positions were known to split hymens as effectively as a latex dildo. Maybe
every girl should have her mother present to help out the first time a guy
sticks his dick in her twat.

  After a while, the guys got into it and fucked the young girls like they were
rag dolls. Renee put her hand between the butt cheeks of Ashley's rapist and
tickled his anus to help get him off.

  As soon as the guys put their semen in the young girls, they moved away from
the camera. The deflowering didn't take long. Deflowering very young pussy is
the holy grail of Pagan rape. I've known Pagans that could recall every moment
of any pre-teen cherry busting they had ever experienced.  There were Pagans who
could wistfully remember the time they managed to force it inside some twelve
year old's pussy like they were recalling their high school prom.

  "Now, that the preliminary is over, its time for the gangbang," announced
Ronnie.

  Arlene watched as at least half a hundred Pagans appeared from somewhere. The
women were surrounded by a mob of naked men. Arlene wondered where they found so
many masks. The women look terrified.

  "You guys hurry up and form lines.  Let's start with two men to each girl then
we'll go to three. We need to move along," said Ronnie as the guys made the
women get into whatever position they wanted them.

  "Just put it in your mouth and suck it, watch me and Cindy," advised Renee as
Pagans was forcing their cocks into Ashley and Melody's mouth. Melody and Ashley
didn't look too pleased that someone they didn't know was putting their cock in
their mouths. The Mom's helped out with demonstrations and instructions.

  "Lick around the tip and their balls then do this," said Cindy as she
performed the classic first position of oral sex where you wrap your lips around
the shaft and forcing your mouth down as far as you can then draw back to the
cock tip and repeat the process.

  The next thirty minutes was a tightly edited montage of all four women being
fucked in all three holes. Melody and Ashley managed not to completely freak out
when they lost their anal cherry.  The guys used plenty of lube on the Renee and
Cindy. They slide right in which resulted in some very pained expressions on
their faces. The women then proceeded to encourage their daughters. It was going
to happen anyway so they tried to make it as painless as possible.

  "Look, it's all the way up my ass, you can do it, spit on your fingers and
stick then in your hynie to loosen your hole up. It won't hurt so much if you
do," advised Cindy as Melody was whining while a Pagan worked his pecker into
her rear. When the Pagan was not able to achieve anal penetration, he worked
Melody's butt hole with his mouth. On his next try, he managed to get his cock
inside her ass. The Pagan screwing Ashley's butt spat on her hole, then worked a
finger around to loosen her up and then without ceremony or pity rammed it home.

  Cindy and Renee were fucking like crazy trying to take the pressure off their
daughters by satisfying as many Pagans as possible. I wondered that if years
later the four women would ever get together and recall that night. Would it
ever become a laughing matter?

  For the final camera shot of that sequence, the four females were each sitting
astride a cock in their ass while another invaded their pussy and a third in
their mouth. It was triple penetration in the reverse cowgirl position. The
entire thing must have taken several hours to transpire.  It was fast, hard, and
vicious and the girls and their mothers weren't allowed any breaks. As soon as a
Pagan dumped his load in whatever hole he was occupying, another one took his
place. As bad as it was, it still lacked that Pagan act of senseless brutality
that marked most Pagan misadventures with the female sex.

  "This is not as bad as I expected. Nobody has lost any teeth or had their
nipples bitten off. The Pagans are becoming a bunch of wusses," I said aloud to
the screen.

   When the gangbang was over, all four women were lying on the rug covered in
semen and not moving. From my own experiences, I had a good idea how they felt.
I knew what it was like to be fucked over and over again in every hole until
your body lost all sense of time and space. One minute you open your eyes and a
guy is bending you double forcing his cock up your raw and bleeding ass. You
blink and a completely different Pagan has your left nipple between his molars
and has crushed it flat because he wants to hear you scream.

  During a gangbang, Pagans would lay their full weight on top of you making it
difficult to breathe. Your ribs would bend until they felt like they were going
to break and your chest would be unable to expand and take in air. Just taking a
breath is a struggle when a 250-pound Pagan is using your body to support every
ounce of him. Pagans like to use their body weight to grind their pubic bone
against your clit and smash it into your body until it goes numb and you lose
all feeling in it.

   You'd be fighting for air while they grabbed your nipples between their dirty
fingernails and either pinched them till you bled or tried to chew them off.
I've seen women lifted off the ground by a Pagan using needle nose pliers
clamped around a nipple or a clit. Torturing a woman's clit was something of an
art for many Pagans. I've watched drunken Pagans pulling a screaming wife or
girlfriend around The Side Car using pliers to hold on to their clitoris.

   After several hours of brutal Pagan rape, it all runs together and sometimes
for a brief moment it even feels good. But in the end, everything started to
lose context. At the end your brain and body shut down. You are so exhausted
that all resistance, physical and emotional ceased.

  The next day you wake up to find your nipples (if you still have them), look
like large bruised strawberries, two or three times their normal size and
cracked and bleeding. Your clit is also swollen and painful to the touch. Your
vagina, especially the opening, is raw and their may be tearing especially if
they held you upside down and forced more than one cock in your hole. I once
watched four Pagans force their cocks inside the vagina of a screaming girl by
pointing her hole straight toward the ceiling while they fucked down into her
pussy.  Her screams got the guys excited and four more guys fucked her as soon
as the first four finished. The worse I had seen in the DVD were two Pagans
forcing both their cocks in Renee and Cindy's cunt.

  I knew that the four women would have tears and raw patches in their anus and
rectum. A visit to the gynecologist to check for damage, STDs and pregnancy
would be scheduled. Their first post gang rape bowel movement would be an agony.
If they were lucky, the damage wouldn't be permanent and everything but the
emotional scars would heal in three or four days.

  Still it was not as brutal and vicious as I expected. The Pagans must be going
soft, No one had really had the shit stomped out of them and there was hardly
any blood.  I had passed through the big O and was ridding a high as I slowly
worked nine inches of vibrating latex in my hole and worked my clit. I kept
wishing I'd been there to fluff the guys or force the women to eat my snatch.

  I thought the DVD was finished and was going to press the Stop button but
another four males appeared. They were already hard and their cocks were covered
with an odd looking condom that I recognized. Now things were getting
interesting. It was time for a nasty vicious tickler fuck. I knew the Pagans
wouldn't let those women walk away without experiencing some real pain in that
place where you never forget it.

  "Oh shit, I spoke too soon," I whispered as I watched the four men pull the
women into position. The camera did a close-up of the special Ticklers that some
demented Pagan had special manufactured in Mexico at a factory where they made
regular French Ticklers. Last month, I'd watched Godzilla who for some reason
was furious with Doris screw her with one of the Mexican Ticklers. Doris's
screams got so loud Godzilla had to gag her with her panties. She couldn't walk
after it was over and she kept throwing up. She could hardly stand an hour
later. Her thighs were covered in blood. One of the other girls had to take her
home. I recalled how Doris's vagina looked when Godzilla was done. It looked
like a slab of raw hamburger.

  My first experience with French Ticklers had been in college. One of my dates
talked me into letting him use one. In college, there was something wild about
getting high and then letting your vagina be tickled by the soft rubber nodules
of the head of the Tickler. I have been screwed many times by guys wearing
French Ticklers. It's a fun novelty that you wouldn't want to every day but once
a month was fine.

  However, the ones manufactured according to Pagan specifications were called
"Pussy Destroyers" and instead of small soft rubber, they were made with long
sharp hard rubber prongs that pointed in all directions. The spikes were two
inches long with jagged points and edges. They carved painful groves in the
lining of your vagina. According to Doris, the pain was soul destroying. Each
stroke both in and out was a descent into hellish pain that centered on that one
part of the body.

  Without any ceremony, the four men slammed their Pagan-made Tickler sheathed
cocks into the women's already gang raped vaginas. The four women hadn't stirred
when they felt another Pagan preparing to fuck them. They assumed it was just
another part of the same gang rape. However, the entry of the Pussy Destroyers
into their already raw and bleeding vagina produced an immediate bout of loud
screams.

  "Take it out, I can't bear it, Momma, make him stop" screamed Ashley unaware
that Mommy was also screaming for her assailant to stop.

  The women cried and begged but nothing stopped until the four men had shot
their load. The men did some swapping around before they were done. This was
definitely the final punishment part of the video. At the end, the four women
looked completely done in.  All four had blood smeared on their thighs.

  "Get up and get dressed, time to go home," said Ronnie as he pulled Renee and
Cindy to a seat on the couch. "Help get the girls dressed. Here this will get
you going. Stick out your tongue."

  The women were too terrified to argue and Ronnie dumped a packet of crystal on
their tongues. He made them sip some wine to wash it down. He waited a few
minutes then kicked Renee in the thigh and told her to get up or he'd use the
cattle prod.

   The women climbed slowly and gingerly to their feet. The girls seemed totally
out of it and their Mothers had to help them dress. Nobody bothered with
underwear. It was left on the floor. They slipped their outer clothes on and
left it at that. You could tell it hurt to walk and Melody was limping badly and
sobbing as the camera watched her pull her dress over her head.

  The DVD faded to a good-bye scene, as the now dressed women with hoods over
their heads and hands tied behind their backs were being taken upstairs. The
scene focused in on Ronnie speaking to the cloth bag covering Renee.

  "Tell Fred that next time, he fucks up, this will look like a day at the
beach. We'll fuck his ass just like we just did yours. By the way, Renee, your
husband's screwing that new manager, Denise Bagwell, he hired for the Framingham
cleaners. He takes a room at the Sheraton Lexington every Tuesday and butt fucks
her fat ass for hours. That's why you can never find him on Tuesday afternoon,"
said Ronnie.

  I considered that a nice closing touch.  After you savagely rape a man's wife
and daughter, fuck up his marriage.

  When I returned to work, I searched the archives of the Boston Globe and the
papers of the small suburban towns of southern Massachusetts.  There was no
mention of a rape of a Cindy Pearson or Renee Kirkpatrick. She did find some
business section information about Anton's Cleaners, a chain owned by a Fred
Kirkpatrick. Few Pagan revenge gang rapes were ever reported for obvious
reasons. First, Fred was involved with the Pagans in drugs and that meant he
could go to prison for a very long time. The police would certainly want to know
why the Pagans had selected Fred's relatives for their fun and games. When it
came to getting victims to not report a crime, the Pagans were masterful.

  From the mother's perspective, what would you do if the Pagans had a DVD with
close-ups of you eating your daughter's pussy? The DVD would include a close-up
of your face as you faked a climax.  You'd try to forget it and go on with your
life. Can you imagine sitting in court facing a $300/hour defense lawyer
explaining that? No, better to move on and try to forget what happened.  




Chapter 36 - Arlene Part 15



Please take note! Adults Only Literature

The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written for
adults only.

If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing this
file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
now.

This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
is purely coincidental, etc.

Email HarryBerg01@aol.com with your comments.

Copyright 2003

                                                             ****

Section 15 - Beating and Torture



  I suspect there are few people on this earth who have been tortured to the
point where they beg to die. I am one of those few. I begged and pleaded for
Rhonda to kill me but she didn't. My life was preserved for an even worse fate.

  This is the hardest part of my story to write. There is no one to blame but
myself for what happened. If I hadn't been so ambitious and willing to take
risks to advance my career, none of this would have happened. I'll write it in a
straightforward manner trying to keep my cool about the worst experience in my
life. And one about which I feel a deep sense of shame and guilt.

  I have to add that the torture I suffered wrecked my normally positive outlook
on life. I have read articles about torture victims that describe the life long
fear and paranoia that accompany those who survive prolonged torture. I can only
say that to this day, I jump at loud noises, rush to the window when I hear
someone outside and seldom sleep through an entire night. My dreams are
nightmares and they replay for me those times when I prayed for death to free me
from pain.

  I believe Kelly discovered I worked for the newspaper when I inadvertently
left my Manchester Union W-2 out with the rest of my mail. Kelly was not a nosy
person but I had gotten the W-2 in that day's mail. Kelly and I were doing out
to dinner and a movie. I know that sounds pretty tame but my life wasn't all
orgies and wild lesbian sex. I opened the envelope and left the W-2 on the
dining room table. Kelly arrived while I was still getting dressed. She went to
the kitchen to pour us a glass of wine. If she did see it that day, she was a
hell of an actress because she never questioned me or let on in any way that she
suspected I didn't work for New England Casualty Insurance. Regardless of how
Kelly discovered my masquerade, my life took a very dramatic turn.

  I was coming home after a full day at the paper. It was Friday afternoon. I
planned to take a quick shower, put on my biker gear and meet Kelly at The
Sidecar. It was going to be another weekend of glorious lesbian sex and
hopefully more conversation about Senator Williams. I know that Kelly and the
other Amazons will never believe me but my interest in the Senator was no longer
based on the Manchester Union. Kelly, Rhonda, and especially Senator Candace
Williams fascinated me. They were the kind of humans I now wanted to be. I'd
come to realize that I'd taken the easy way out since I was fourteen. I made the
mistake of using my sex to get the things I wanted. Friends, job, money had all
come from my lying on my back and telling a man to get between my legs. I had
finally learned, mainly from Kelly, that there were other ways to achieve your
goals in life.

  My worst and final error was not telling Kelly about the Manchester Union and
my assignment to go undercover. If I had trusted Kelly and told her everything
none of this would have happened.

  When I pulled into my reserved spot in the parking garage of my apartment, I
noticed a white van in the adjacent spot not the gray Audi, my neighbor, Toby,
normally parked there. When I exited my Nissan Maxima (with some of the money I
got from the Pagans, I traded up from the Sentra), the van's side door flew open
and someone jumped out and touched this small electronic gadget to my neck. I
suppose it was a stun gun. Kelly once told me that the Amazons found them highly
effective in certain situations.

  I was immediately paralyzed. I was lifted into the van. Someone pulled my
sleeve up and I watched helplessly as a needle entered my arm. I remember
thinking; "They didn't swab that with alcohol."  After that everything went
black.

  When I came too, I was hanging naked from an overhead pipe in a windowless
room that seemed to be in some type of industrial building, definitely not a
home. My wrists were handcuffed and the metal was cutting into them. There was
blood dripping down my arms. I shifted around and found my toes could barely
touch the floor taking a little strain off my arms. I yelled, "Hello" and "Help"
several times but no one showed up so I concentrated on trying to stand where my
wrists felt the least pain.

  After God knows how long, Kelly walked in carrying a professional looking
video camera mounted on a tripod. There were two Amazon's with her. One was
named Nina and she like Rhonda Powers was a competitive body builder. The other
one, Gloria, was a big tall girl that worked in a hospital as a RN. I'd had sex
with Nina and Gloria and considered them friends. They had another video camera.

  "Kelly, help me, these handcuffs are killing my wrists," I said but she
ignored me as she set the camera in place and checked the viewfinder to make
sure it was aimed directly at my front. The other camera was focused on my rear.

  As soon as the cameras were ready, she and the other two left.

  "Don't leave me, Kelly, what's wrong?" I wailed as she walked out the door. I
knew that something was very wrong.

  In a moment, she returned carrying several lengths of what I took to be garden
hose. This time she decided to speak.

  "Since you're such a big fan of Senator Williams, you should know that she'll
get a copy of this video," said Kelly as she placed the hose lengths on a nearby
table. She selected one and whipped it through the air. The end of the hose made
an ominous whirring sound. I knew how she intended to use it.

  "Kelly, what are you going to do?"

  "I'm going to whip the shit out of you for lying to me and spying on Candace."

  "I'm not spying on Senator Williams. I'm just interested in her. I told you I
was an admirer."

  "But you're not just a admirer, you're a reporter for the Union Leader and you
joined the Pagans to get something on Candace. The Pagans and Amazons have ways
to deal with traitors." Kelly gave the hose a couple of more swipes through thin
air. The thought of that hose coming in contact with my body made me want to
start screaming

  "All right, I'm a reporter but I didn't mean to harm Senator Williams."

  "Rhonda said that since I was the one you fucked over, that I could be first
with you. Arlene, before I put you in so much pain, you'll be begging to die, I
want you to know that I really loved you and thought you loved me. When I found
out you were using me, it hurt me terribly. I feel like I've lost my capacity
for love and trust. I'm going to make you pay for that."

  I yelled a few things like "No, don't" and "I love you Kelly" but she wasn't
listening. Kelly walked behind me and ran her hands over my back and ass.

  "I'm starting back here. I'm going to give you a whipping you'll never forget.
Rhonda says the front hurts worse and I want to save that for last," was Kelly's
final statement before she gave me the worst beating of my life.

  Gloria and Nina are going to capture everything on video, we'll show it to
anyone that wants to see how the Amazons treat a traitorous slut."

  Before she started, she walked over and had a conversation with Nina and
Gloria as they checked the viewfinder. The three Amazon's conferred then Nina
left the room only to return in a minute with another tripod mounted camera.
They set that up on my other side so they had three different views of what they
were going to do to me.

  "Three camera angles are best. Get ready to scream," said Kelly as she took a
position behind me.

  She was holding a three-foot length of one-inch garden hose. She held it in
both hands like a baseball bat. I heard the whirring sound and my back exploded
in pain. The pain took me by surprise and I more choked than screamed the first
time. Kelly went about her revenge in a methodical fashion. She started high on
my back at my shoulders then went slowly down working on my deltoids then my
trapeziums. She worked my lower back until I felt like my kidneys were being
hammered to pulp. Buttocks were next and I swear she whipped five pounds off my
ass. Upper hamstrings were her next target followed by a prolonged pounding of
that super sensitive area at the back of the knee. My calves drew her attention
for the longest time.

  "Help me tie up her feet," said Kelly to her two helpers. Nina picked me up
off the floor while Gloria buckled two wide leather belts around my upper thigh
and ankle. The sole of my left foot was pointed straight toward the ceiling. All
my weight was now on my wrists and the metal cuffs were cutting to the bone. You
can only scream so loud but I think the decibels I produced when she swung that
rubber hose across my instep was the most that ever came out of Arlene
Fairchild. I passed out after about twenty vicious blows on my instep and heel.
They brought me around with some poppers.

  "We don't want you to miss anything," said Gloria as she broke the glass
ampoule under my nose.

   Next they did the other foot. That left me trying to stand on the one foot
they just beat. I just couldn't do that. When I put any pressure on the foot, my
mind exploded. As soon as my right sole was pointed upward, Kelly whipped that
until I passed out again. This time they threw a pail of ice-cold water on me.
The agony of being forced to stand on my feet was mind numbing. I began to
believe I'd never walk again.

  Between screams, I begged and pleaded. I'd never known pain like that. Sure
I'd been hurt a few times and some of my recent experiences with the Pagans had
been anything but pain free but this was a different dimension. It was pain
amplified a thousand times. I want to say that since I'm a journalist I should
be able to accurately describe how it felt to the reader. But pain doesn't work
that way.

  The blow lands and the scream is a direct result of the pain. It's torn from
your body. You can't stop it or change it. The scream was far beyond my control.
Even at the end when I felt too exhausted and my throat was raw, a blow to a
sensitive part of my body would cause me to scream just as loud as when Kelly
started on me.

  What's also horrible is the anticipation of pain. A blow lands and your pain
radiates out from the point of contact. Then as the hurt recedes, you are
overtaken by fear of the next blow's pain. That causes you to tighten up your
muscles and that makes the follow on stroke hurt even worse.

  I remember a movie about an American in a Turkish prison and his worst
experience was being beaten in the soles of his feet. Now I believe it.  I saw
stars the first time that hose landed on my instep. I kept passing out.

  I'd awake sputtering moments later when Kelly sprayed me with ice-cold water
from a nearby hose.

  "I don't want you to sleep through any of this. I keep thinking about when we
were in bed together and you kept telling me you loved me. I am so much enjoying
making you scream you lying deceiving bitch. Just wait till Rhonda's through
with you. You won't be human anymore."

  "Kelly, I have money. How much to let me go?" That was a lie of course. Kelly
just looked at me disappointedly and selected another hose of the table. Kelly
took her top off to reveal those pert little breasts I'd spent so much time
sucking on. She was covered in sweat. I decided to appeal to her feminine side.

  "I love you Kelly, all right I made a mistake but I still love you, why are
you doing this to me?" My voice had taken a desperate whinny tone. If the devil
had appeared at that moment and offered to stop Kelly in return for my immortal
soul he would have a deal without a moment's hesitation.

  "I thought you really cared for me," said Kelly as she got into position. I
could tell she was crying.

 "Hell hah no fury like a lesbian scorned," I thought to myself.

  The hose landed right across my tits creating a firestorm centered on both
nipples. I pleaded for her not to hit me again. Kelly took the same approach to
my front she had to my back. The abdomen is another area where the pain gets
magnified. Kelly managed to angle in a few shots that landed between my legs.
Kelly was dripping sweat when she halted for a moment.

  "Now, I'm going to fix you so you'll not enjoy sex with the next person you
decide to betray, Bring me a surgical clamp, Gloria." said Kelly. Gloria walked
over with a hemostat. Kelly parted my labial folds and coaxed my clit out of its
protective sheath of flesh. She applied the hemostat to the very tip of my
clitoris.

  "Get a piece of wood to brace it," said Kelly.

  I watched in horror as Nina brought a short length of two by four over.

  "You pull it out and I'll whip it, Let's see if we can neuter my former
lover," said Kelly.

   Gloria slowly used the hemostat to extend my clitoris out to where I thought
it was going to rip off.  I could see a good two inches of skinny flesh
stretched along the wooden surface. I was mad with fear. She stretched my clit
along the top of a piece of wood that Nina was holding. You could practically
see through it. The veins and nerves were visible through the translucent skin.

  "You may not really be a girl after this, you may be nothing at all, maybe
Rhonda will let me cut it off before we're done with you," said Kelly as she
readied herself.

  "Please, if we've even meant anything to each other, don't," was all I got out
before Kelly smashed the hose down full force. The clitoris is a mass of nerve
ganglia and sensitive to pain. She gave me five two handed shots before I passed
out. When Gloria brought me back to consciousness, Kelly was pulling the clamp
to swing me back and forth by pulling my clit. Try that sometime if you want to
feel real pain.

  "I like to cut that off of you," said Kelly with real venom, "Hold her legs
apart, I want to work on her hole." Her love for me had turned to hatred.

  Nina and Gloria grabbed my legs and expended them in a "V". They pulled them
upward so Kelly had a straight shot to my vagina. I took a good dozen two handed
smashes right on my vaginal opening before I passed out. I lost all feelings
between my legs. She managed to land several blows right on the opening of my
vagina. I wondered if I would ever be able to have an orgasm when she was done.

  Next she took one my nipples in her mouth and pulled on it till it was hard
and sticking out. I tried to think of something to avoid making my nipples
easier to whip but they ignored me. Kelly gave me some sideways downwards blows
that felt like they were going to whip my buds clean off. Picture your nipples
standing out nice like your new boyfriends had been sucking them just right.
Then he steps back and bring a piece of garden hose down catching just those
proud little zickers. You go out of your mind with pain.

  Kelly decided she wanted to work some more on my sex so she instructed Nina
and Gloria to hold my legs apart again. This time they were spread so wide I
thought my hips were going to be dislocated. Kelly took two-handed swings right
into my cunt. She got my vagina exposed by finger fucking me, then landed that
hose right between my pussy lips and across my cunt. I wanted to grab my pussy
in my hands and roll in a tight ball. Kelly took her time whipping my cunt.  I
lost count of the home run swings where the hose contacted all the flesh from my
clit to my asshole; I finally got lucky and blacked out to where they must not
have been able to revive me.

  When I came to I was lying on a cold metal table. I was strapped down unable
to move.

  "Here, swallow this," said Gloria as she forced a rubber hose down my throat.
I could feel the hose travel down my esophagus. After Gloria was satisfied the
hose was in my stomach, I watched as she poured a pitcher of water into a funnel
connected to the hose.

  "Three liters will fill her up her stomach and tighten her abdomen, then we'll
put three liters in the other end," said Gloria.

  I felt something inserted in my asshole. I wondered if they were going to give
me an enema. I was in too much pain and too far out of it to do or say anything.
I felt the water flow into my intestines. Before long I begin to feel like I had
eaten two Thanksgiving Dinners. When I looked down I could see my belly was
rounded out like I was eight months pregnant. When they finished putting the
water in my rectum, I felt something being inserted and them felt it expand as
someone pumped it full of air. I had an expandable butt plug up my ass. Nothing
was coming out till someone removed it.

  "Let's get her up," said Kelly. They lifted me off the table and hung me up
again by my wrists. My belly was huge. My navel was now point outward. I wanted
to shit and get rid of everything inside me but that wasn't possible.

  "Rhonda says this is one of the worse things you can do to a person. The water
acts as a pain amplifier," said Kelly as she picked up a length of bamboo from a
nearby table.

  I guess when it comes to torture:  Rhonda Powers knows her business. The
impact of that cane on my abdomen would have been awful under ordinary
circumstances but stretch your belly and intestines with enough water and the
pain gets boosted. The water acts like a megaphone. Kelly gave me ten strokes. I
passed out after each one.

   After the second blow, I let out a long stream of piss. I'd lost complete
control of my bladder. My urethra burned as I sprayed a torrent of yellow pee.
After finishing, I passed out again. Gloria brought me back with poppers after
each blow. I reached the point where I wanted to die. I finally went completely
nuts screaming and kicking then I must have passed out because I don't think I
woke up for a while.

    I came to face down on my table. Gloria was pushing on my back and I was
vomiting up the water from my stomach. They must have released the water in my
intestines while I was out. I know I couldn't take any more.

  "Kill me, please kill me, I can't stand any more," I pleaded as I puked up the
contests of my stomach.

  "Killing you would be too easy. Rhonda says I should give you time to meditate
on what you did," said Kelly in a matter of fact voice.

  "Get me a seltzer out of the fridge, said Kelly to Nina.

  Nina came back in my sight with a bottle of seltzer water she was shaking.

  "Rhonda said that the Tonton Macoutes, the secret police thugs that worked for
the Haitian dictator, Papa Duvalier accidentally discovered this. If you force
seltzer water up a person nose and into their sinuses the pain is unbearable.
Let's me know if you think it's really true, Arlene."

  "No more, Kelly, you've hurt me enough. I want to die now," was all I could
say.

  "Arlene, your party is just starting."

  I thought my head was going to explode when the seltzer water reached my
sinuses. You feel like your brain is on fire and the pain causes you to start
shaking uncontrollably all over. It's like a grande mal seizure. I could feel my
heels vibrating against the cold metal table. The frontal lobes of my brain felt
like strong fingers were kneading them. Seltzer water up your nose doesn't sound
like torture. Try it sometime. Be prepared to scream your lungs out and beg for
God to strike you dead.

  They took me off the table after I taken about a half dozen if the seltzer
treatments. I could feel my brain inside my skull. I watched as they cuffed my
hands behind my back. Gloria put manacles on each ankle then connected the
manacles to metal rings in the floor. The rings were a good four feet apart so
my legs were spread. Nina was holding me up. I couldn't stand by myself. Kelly
brought over something that looked like a modified automobile bumper jack. There
was a foot long extension of rough metal with small knobs on it extending from
the head of the jack, the part that normally went under the bumper. Kelly placed
the jack extension between my legs then worked the jack handle to raise the
extension to the point that it touched the area between my legs.

  "This is really going to hurt," said Kelly as she parted my pussy lips so the
bare metal touched my vagina and the area extending back to my rectum. She
slowly raised the jack. I felt it tighten against my already tortured and sore
pussy. A couple of more movements of the jack handle by Kelly and I started to
feel the metal cut into my flesh raising me off the ground. The slack in the
chains connecting my ankles to the floor slowly went away as the jack raised me
off the ground. I started to feel my legs pulling down toward the floor as I
gained height. The area between my legs was in agony. More pumps of the jack
handle and I was screaming. The manacles were cutting into my ankles and I felt
blood tricking down on my feet. The metal knobs were torturing my most delicate
flesh.

  "We're going to leave you for a while," said Kelly when I was stretched about
as far as I would go. The three of them walked out of the room. They turned off
the light leaving me in darkness. I couldn't stand the pain. I was screaming. My
throat was raw. I wanted to die. I begged God to kill me. I have no idea how
long I was left. After many moments of incredible suffering, I passed out.  

  I came to lying on a cold concrete floor in a pitch-black room. I was in
agony. I'd shit myself while I was unconscious. I was covered in my own smelly
dried feces. Every inch of my body hurt. There were deep cuts in my wrists and
ankles from the handcuffs. My clit and vaginal lips were swollen to three times
their normal size. When I tried to stand, my feet were so badly bruised, they
wouldn't support my weight. I just lay there unable to move.

  At some point, the door opened and the light went on. Someone dropped a
MacDonald's bag by my head. I heard Kelly's voice.

  "Chicken sandwich, fries, and diet coke, Rhonda said I was to feed you. She
also insisted I give you this." I felt a blanket being dropped over me.

   "Here's a futon. Rhonda said I had to keep you alive until she gets here." I
felt the soft pad being place beside me. I managed to drag myself off the cold
floor onto the futon.

  "Please Kelly, you really hurt me, I need a doctor, let me go."

  "Rhonda wouldn't like that. She's flying in this weekend to question you
herself. She said I could watch."

  "Kelly, I'm begging you, don't do this to me. Didn't the times we spent
together mean something?"

  "Yes, they meant you're a lying, deceiving cunt that deserves to die a
horrible painful death. You think what I did was painful; wait until Rhonda
finishes with you. You'll be praying for death."

  "I've already prayed for death. I made a mistake. I never told the newspaper
anything about Senator Williams, you've got to believe me."

  "Too late, you should have confessed before we found out you were trying to
harm the most wonderful and powerful woman who ever walked the face of the
earth. Do you have any idea what Candace means to all us. We'd die for her and
we'll kill anyone who tries to harm her. You deserve everything you're getting,
I hope it takes you a long time to die."

  I managed to eat my unhappy meal. Three times a day, Kelly delivered some kind
of fast food to me. After three days, I was better but I still couldn't walk on
my feet. I thought about committing suicide. The ceiling was too high for me to
reach and there was nothing I could hang myself with. I remembered a Japanese
movie where a samurai committed hara-kiri by biting off the end of his tongue. I
clamped my teeth down on the tip and tried to bite through but I'm too much of a
coward.

   I was sleeping when the light came on and Kelly and another Amazon came in
and pulled me to me feet. I screamed and fell back down when I put weight on my
feet.

  "We'll have to carry her. She stinks, we need to wash her off," said Kelly.
Kelly left the room and came back with a wheel chair. I suppose when you torture
enough people, over time you acquire everything you need to make it easy on
yourself. The wheel chair had "Lahey Clinic" stenciled across the back. They
must have stolen it from a local hospital.  They took me down a hall and I found
myself in a large shower room. From a window, I could tell it was daylight but
I'd lost track of the days. They turned on a shower and shoved me under the icy
water.

  "Wash the shit off," said the other Amazon handing me a bar of soap.

  After I was finished I was taken wet back down the hall to the same room where
Kelly had whipped me with a hose. I looked up at the overhead pipe and started
to beg her not to hit me any more.

  "Please Kelly, I'm sorry. I was wrong. I fucked up. Please don't beat me
anymore," I sobbed. The thought of her repeating my beating was enough to drive
me out of my mind. I tried to fall to me knees so I could beg at her feet but
the other Amazon grabbed my hair and jerked me upright.

  "Bring her over here," said another voice. I'd been so focused on the pipe and
the thought of another hose whipping I didn't see the tall woman in at the far
end of the room. Rhonda Powers was seated at a table working with a console
containing a large number of dials. The console had wires leading out the back,
over the table and to a heavy wooden chair.

  They marched me over to Rhonda. When I arrived, she handed Kelly a metal
object that looked like an elongated egg. One end of the egg was connected to an
electrical wire. Rhonda handed the other Amazon a tube of some kind of jell.

  "In her cunt," said Rhonda.

  They kicked my legs apart then bent me over to where my hands rested on the
arms of the chair. I felt my sore pussy lips being parted and some kind of jell
squired into the opening of my vagina. I was too scared to say one word. Next I
felt the metal egg being pushed into my vagina. She pushed it in as far as it
would go then I heard Rhonda speak again.

  "Here, use this to push it inside her."

  I felt something I think was plastic being inserted in my vagina. When it made
contact with the egg, a hard push forced the egg all he way to my uterus.

  "Now, this is for her ass."

  It was more jell on my butt and another egg inserted in my rectum. The same
thing was used to force it far up in side me. When I was pulled to my feet, I
saw there were two sets of wires hanging between my legs.

  "Run the wires through the hole in the bottom of the chair and sit her down."

  I had seen the hole in the wooden bottom of the chair. They moved me to a
position with my back to the chair then threaded the wires through the hole in
the seat and sat me down making sure I wasn't sitting on the wires. Leather
straps were used to bind me to the chair. For each arm there was a wrist strap
to the chair arm and a heavy strap across my bicep to the chair back. My ankles
were strapped to the chair legs. A wide strap placed right under my tits bound
me to the back of the chair. The chair back was high enough that they placed a
strap across my forehead tightly restraining me to the chair back. When they
were done, I couldn't move an inch.

  "Tilt her back, I need to get her feet in the water."

  Someone tilted the chair back on its hind legs for a minute. When they let it
return to its prior position, my feet submerged in two shallow pans of cold
water.

  "Around her head," said Rhonda handing Kelly a little metal band she placed on
my head at the temples. There was some kind of jell on the inside of the band. I
noticed wires connected the band to the control console on top of the small
desk.

  "Here Kelly, put these on her nipples," said Rhonda handing Kelly a pair of
vicious looking alligator clamps. Kelly the little sadist spent a few seconds
teasing out my nipples then opened the clamp wide and let it snap shut shooting
pain into my breast. I started sobbing and begging them not to hurt me. Kelly
ignored me as she pulled my other nipple out then allowed the clamp to snap shut
again. I couldn't look down to see my nipples but I certainly knew they were
hurting.

  "This is for the little man in the boat," said Rhonda handing Kelly another
wired alligator clamp.

  "It used to be so happy when I sucked on it," said Kelly fondling my clit and
slowly pulling it out of my pussy lips then snapping the alligator clamp shut.
My clit was huge. It was still swollen from the beating. The clamp was
excruciating. They also attached a metal band to my little fingers and my big
toes.

  "Let's check on the connections," said Rhonda.

  As she flipped each dial, I felt a different part of my body evolve from a
mild tingle or buzz to real pain.  Apparently, all was well because the leader
said, "all set, start the tape."

  I looked over to see Kelly manning the camera.

  "Arlene, remember me, I'm Rhonda Powers, President of the Amazons Motorcycle
Club. Do you know who I am?"

  "We met up at the camp, I took care of the wounded."

  "Yes, you did good that day. But I suppose you were just trying to gain our
confidence so you could betray us later."

  "I never betrayed you. I started out that way but I never told the paper
anything. I loved Kelly and the Amazons and the Pagans. I'd never do anything to
hurt anyone in the clubs."

  "In case you're wondering, you are connected to a machine invented in 1934 at
Gestapo Headquarters located on the Fredrickstrasse in Berlin. It uses
electricity to torture prisoners into revealing what they knew about enemies of
the Third Reich. On the Web, I found a translation of the training manual that
Reichfurher Rinehart Heydrich had prepared. It details its design and proper
use. From all I can determine it appears authentic. What do you think?"

  "Please, I don't want to be hurt anymore."

  "Unfortunately that's not your choice, Arlene."

  "I admit I'm a reporter. I lied about working for an insurance company. I
decided it would help my career if I could break a major story. I heard a rumor
that Senator Williams was somehow involved with the Pagans and Amazons. I
decided to go undercover and get the story. That's all."

  "And no one helped you? It was one hundred percent your idea?"

  "Yes."

  I saw Rhonda's hand move and my body began to vibrate. For a second or two, it
didn't feel bad but it quickly became the most unbearable pain the human body
can stand. I had never felt such pain. You feel like your spine is going to
shatter. It went on for what seemed like forever. When she was done, I knew
there was no way I could stand up to such torture. I was covered in sweat. My
rectum and cunt were screaming in agony. Rhonda, that sadistic bitch, spoke
calmly like I had just messed up on a question in school.

  "Lying is bad policy. Your Harley Davidson is leased to the Manchester Union.
They wouldn't foot the bill if they weren't involved. Let's start again."

  Two hours later I had given up everybody who had helped me, David, Aunt Carol,
Tater, Earl the tattoo artist, everybody. I was a babbling idiot. Parts of my
body were burned. My internal organs felt like they'd been in a microwave. My
nipples and clit felt useless. I was sitting in a puddle of my own urine. The
thing about electrical torture is how you it breaks you down mentally. I felt
stupid like I lost a good number of brain cells.

  I remember reading "Charlotte Grey" in high school. I did a book report on it
that received an 'A'. It's about an English woman who goes to France during
World War II to work with the French Resistance, the Marquis. There were members
of the French Marquis who were caught by the Gestapo who resisted torture for
days. Well, my hat's off to them. I started babbling everything I knew inside of
thirty minutes or less. I would have done anything and I mean anything to stop
Rhonda and her infernal machine. I could also see one of the shortcomings of
torture as a means of extracting reliable information. If Rhonda had asked, "Did
you help Lee Harvey Oswald assassinate President Kennedy?" I would have quickly
answered, "Yes, I loaded the gun." Enough pain and you'll agree to anything.

  Sometimes, she'd torture a single body part like my tits or my clit. Once I
smelled my nipples burning. The metal eggs in my vagina and asshole interacted
and the pain was so deep within my body I thought I'd go insane. Anyone who was
tortured this way for an extended period would in my opinion end up a raving
lunatic. I know I was close by the time they finished.

  "She's told us everything. Take her back to her room." That was all Rhonda
said when she was finished with me.

  I looked up to see that Kelly was seated on the arm of Rhonda's chair.
Rhonda's hand was stroking Kelly's thigh.

  "I enjoyed watching you hurt the bitch. She's got burn marks on her nips and
clit. That thing really works," said Kelly.

  "The Gestapo understood the nature of pain. As soon as you lock her up, you
and Nina come to my place and we'll play. Torture makes me horny as hell."




Chapter 37 - Arlene Part 16



Please take note! Adults Only Literature

The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written for
adults only.

If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing this
file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
now.

This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
is purely coincidental, etc.

Email HarryBerg01@aol.com with your comments.

Copyright 2003

                                                             ****

Section 16  - Retribution



  "Kelly said you were into yoga. We plan to stretch you like a rubber band,"
said Rhonda. I was screaming for them to leave me alone. They'd had to drag me
out of the room where I'd spent an unknown number of days since I was tortured
by electrical shock. Between screams, I was begging them not to hurt me anymore.
There was absolutely nothing I wouldn't do to avoid more pain.

  After my last session, the Amazons carried me back to the dark room where
they'd been holding me and dropped me on the floor. I heard the heavy metal door
clank shut and the outside bolt being rammed home. I felt more dead that alive.
Being tortured by electricity was the worst. I was a physical and emotional
wreck. I started throwing up and couldn't stop. I lay on the cold concrete floor
in my own vomit in the dark until I cried myself to sleep. When I woke, I was in
unbearable pain in my joints.  There was a throbbing ache in my vagina and
asshole.

  Someone covered me with a blanket and dropped off another bag of fast food. I
managed to keep it down. I slept and ate not knowing how many days had passed. I
did recover a little. I was terrified anytime I heard a noise. I was afraid they
were coming for me again. I'd scurry to the far corner of the room and scream
whenever anybody came into the room to deliver food, water or change the plastic
bucket they let me shit and piss in.

  I was shrieking and begging them not to hurt me anymore. I kept telling Kelly
I still loved her. I pleaded with her not to let them hurt me anymore. I was a
babbling idiot.

  They took me to a different room. I was so thankful I could cry that the
wooden chair and electrical console weren't there. However, there was a large
metal table that resembled something you'd find in an operating room or a
morgue. Over the table, there was a stainless steel rack attached to the ceiling
by chains. It was all shiny and clean. The table looked new and it was outfitted
with different types of mechanical apparatus. There were hand cranks and handles
attached to the sides. The large metal rack resembled the contraption you found
in gourmet kitchens to hang gourmet cookware.  Later I found out it wasn't pots
and pans that would be hanging there.

  At that moment, Rhonda walked in wearing this leather dominatrix outfit that
included a leather facemask. It covered her entire face but I knew it was
Rhonda. I was busy shrieking and trying to get away, out of my mind with fear.

  I saw there was another Amazon attired in leather focusing a hand held camera
on me. Kelly was also present but not dressed in leather.

  "That's good, her fear really comes across," said the Amazon holding the
camera so it focused on my face, "we can make some money off this."

  They carried me over to this shiny stainless steel table and put me on top
face down. I felt ice cold metal on my tits and stomach. The table was about
eight feet long. Rhonda began by buckling a leather strap across the small of my
back. She tightened it to where I could barely breathe. All the time, I was
crying and pleading with them to stop.

  Leather cuffs were attached to my wrists and ankles. The cuffs were connected
to chains hanging down from the ceiling rack. I heard crank handles being turned
and my arms and legs were slowly pulled toward the ceiling. I don't know whether
you've ever had your arms and legs pulled behind you straight back but it hurts
like all hell. Your shoulder sockets aren't made to go in the directions and
neither are your hip joints. About the time I began to feel intense pain, they
stopped stretching me. The attached a spreader bar at me knees then moved my
legs apart until my hip joints screamed.

  Next, Rhonda carefully gathered my hair in a ponytail then attached a large
screw clamp like they use for a car's radiator hose capturing all my hair and
tightened it close to my skull. The clamp was connected to a chain and my head
slowly lifted toward the ceiling.

  The other Amazon was busy lubricating my asshole and soon I felt a cold metal
object slip inside my anal ring. I head a handle being spun and felt the object
pushing deeper in my rectum. At the same time, my ass ring was stretched. She
kept cranking as it opened by butt further and further until I felt like it was
about to rip.

  "Kelly, come over and capture this," said the Amazon.

  "She's really open. You can see all the way up her butt," said Kelly.

  "See how far up her rectum, you can get the camera," said the Amazon.

  "Remember the old movie Fantastic Voyage," said Kelly laughing.

  I felt a cold metal object enter my rectum.

  "Open her up more," said Kelly. I heard the crank being turned and felt my
anal ring stretched further.

  "Here, let me give it another turn," said the Amazon.

  "You two quit fucking around," said Rhonda. "She won't be able to hold her
shit in."

  Thank God, she stopped before my anus split open. My vagina was next. I don't
know what it was, perhaps a speculum. All I can say was that it was large, metal
and they cranked it up inside my female plumbing until I started screaming. She
slowly opened my pussy until I could feel the cool air deep inside my vagina.

  "Let's me feel her uterus," said Kelly sticking her hand inside me. I felt her
fingers enter my female plumbing and travel upward until I sensed she was deep
inside me. He fingers were at the entrance to my womb. Fear was causing me to
scream. I was afraid she was going to grab something and rip it out of me.

  "I'll reach up her ass," said the Amazon. I gasped as another hand entered my
rectum and began to slowly move up my bowels.

  "Let's see how far we can reach," said Kelly.

  The two plunged their arms inside me. I felt one hand deep inside my lower
intestine and another pushing past the entrance to my womb. I was sure they were
going to damage something vital and I would die a horrible death from the
rupture of an internal organ.

  My screams gave Rhonda an opportunity to capture the tip of tongue with a pair
of forceps. She stretched my tongue out then attached a wide clamp at the base.
The clamp was wider than my mouth and caught at the corners. She tightened it to
where my tongue felt crushed.

  I watched in absolute horror as she drove a sharpened metal rod through the
center of the tip of my tongue. A small amount of blood spurted in my eye.
Rhonda attached a small chain to both ends of the rod and slowly pulled my
tongue out of my mouth until I thought it was going to tear off at the base.
Rhonda slipped some type of curved implement in my nostrils and pulled backward
over the top of my head.  My nose was pulled upward, toward the ceiling.

  "We wouldn't want you to close your eyes and miss anything," said Rhonda as
she worked something under my eyelids then turned a handle that forced my eyes
wide open. I could feel tiny metal prongs pushing against the orbital bones in
the corners of my eyes. When she finished, I couldn't close my lids.  I was
forced to look straight ahead. The other Amazon put thick rubber bands around
the base of my boobs. I have decent size breasts, 34D. Almost immediately, I
felt the blood constricting and the skin getting tighter as they swelled to the
point they felt like hard painful balloons. I could look down at the tops and
see they were turning purple. A dull ache was growing at the base of my breasts.

  "Tight as a tick," said Rhonda as she flicked the side of my tit with her
fingernail. Rhonda was right. The top parts I could see were swollen and you
could clearly make out the blood vessels

  "Now let's stretch her nipples," said the other Amazon as she placed some kind
of metal cage against my chest.

  "This is something of my own design. I'm quite proud of it," said Rhonda. I
designed something similar for a man's balls. You should hear them scream when
you're slowly pulling their balls off," said Rhonda.

  My nipples were already sticking out a good half inch when Rhonda's assistant
put a screw clamp right at the nipple base and tightened it until it went
through the skin and met the metal on the other side. With my nipples secure,
Rhonda held the cage against my chest and turned a small crank that pushed
against my chest as it stretch my nipples away from my boobs.  I couldn't scream
because my tongue was crushed. I could only make gurgling sounds as they took my
nipples to the point they started to tear. 

  "One more crank and they'll come off, they're starting to rip now," said the
other Amazon.

  "Just take them out to where they start to rip. We have other plans for our
little reporter. I think its time to tighten everything up. But take it slow, I
don't want to break her back," said Rhonda.

  They spent the next few minutes slowly turning cranks and spinning thumb
wheels until I was out of my mind with pain. Every part of my body was suffering
intense and inescapable agony. My nostrils felt like they were going to be
ripped off my face. My back was on the verge of cracking. My hip joints were
screaming and my knees were trembling with some sort of involuntary muscle
reaction I couldn't control. I could see my tongue.  My boobs felt like two
fireballs and my nipples were two inches long.

  "Extreme bondage is so very painful, isn't it Arlene?" asked Rhonda.

  Of course, I couldn't agree or disagree with my tongue pulled out of my mouth.

  "Get the dildo's out of the freezer," Rhonda told Kelly. Kelly left the room
then came back with two long tubes of ice. They must have been a foot and a half
long.

  "Oil them up and put them in her," instructed Rhonda.

  I felt the ice cock being shoved deep inside my open rectum. I could feel my
intestines moving inside my body to accommodate the length. The cold was
unbearable. The next one went inside my vagina. Rhonda gave it a final hard
shove so it slid up into my uterus.

  "We're going to leave you for a while but while we're gone, we have something
for you to contemplate," said Rhonda as she reached down to pick something up.
The next moment brought me to the very edge of total madness. Rhonda placed the
severed head of Tater right in my face. She was holding Tater's head by his
hair. The neck had a ragged cut where it had been chopped off. She sat the head
down inches from my face. The tip of my extended tongue touched his dead lips. I
was bordering on catatonia.

  "Tater had some interesting video of you gang banging his crew. You certainly
didn't have any problems using that cunt of yours to get what you wanted. We
took out Tater's operation yesterday at dawn, seven men and three women
including that cunt Myrna. I hated killing the dogs but they were in the way. 
Myrna's daughter, Cherrie, was home from college. We had fun with her. Didn't we
Kelly?"

  "We made them drink each other's piss and eat each other's shit," said Kelly.

  "Then we made Myrna watch while we cut her little girl up into pieces. We cut
her eyelids off so she had to watch," said Rhonda. "Myrna got to swallow
Cherrie's nipples and clit."

  I couldn't imagine the horror of what Rhonda had done to poor Myrna.

  "You know Myrna used to be an Amazon before she met Tater and decided to go
into business on her own. I took my time killing Myrna. I started by cutting her
nipples off with wire pliers then I made her eat them. I slit her belly open and
took her bowels out where she could see them. That used to be the way they
executed criminals in the old days. Being disemboweled was common in England in
the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries. The Pagans and the Amazons should
actually thank you for telling us where Tater was located. He was bringing
crystal and marijuana into the country from a factory up on Prince Edward
Island. We have a strike team heading there now. Tater was a competitor and we
don't tolerate that."

  Next, Rhonda reached down and came up with Earl's severed human head. She
lined both heads up right in front of my face. They were actually touching the
tip of my tongue.

  "And of course, here's Earl, the one you bartered sex for all that beautiful
skin art. It turned out to be a bad deal for Earl. We're going to leave you for
a while. You three can talk over old times while you melt out."

  They left me there staring into two pair of cold dead eyes. I wanted to go mad
but couldn't. My head wouldn't turn and my eyes wouldn't close. My body was in
agony. My insides were freezing. Their eyes were opened looking back at me and
accusing me of getting them killed. There are times here at the Palace I dream
I'm back in that room where Rhonda left me. I'm staring at Tater and Earl's
severed head and I can't look away. I wake up screaming and that pisses off the
other whores. Denise comes over and gets in bed with me and calms me down.

  When you're in extreme bondage, seconds are hours and minutes are days. The
ice dildo's added to my pain causing my intestines to cramp. After a lifetime of
agonizing pain, Rhonda and the other Amazon returned. I was horrified to see
they were dragging along an alive but badly beaten Aunt Carol and David Smyth.

  Both of them had absorbed a good stomping. One of David's eyes was swollen
shut. Aunt Carol's nose was smashed to one side. Their faces were badly bruised.
When Aunt Carol opened her mouth, you could see that some of her front teeth
were missing.

  Rhonda removed Tater and Earl's heads so I could see what was going to happen
to my Aunt and my Boss.

  "Oh my God, they got you, Arlene," said Aunt Carol.

  "Keep quiet and hold your arms out," said Rhonda.

  Aunt Carol was smart enough to do as she was told but David decided to argue.
Rhonda was holding a large cylinder that looked like a six battery flashlight
but was actually a cattle prod.

  "No fucking way, Arlene is that you?" yelled David seeing me lying there. I
guess I was hard to recognize.

  Rhonda touched the cattle prod between David's legs and he grabbed his nuts
and screamed. He fell to the floor and rolled over clutching the Smyth family
jewels.

  "Stand up and hold your arms out or I'll give you another taste of Sparky,"
commanded Rhonda.

  David managed to stand up and stick his skinny arms out. Rhonda and her
assistant fastened leather cuffs on the ankles and wrists of the two of them
then attached the metal rings on the cuffs to chains that were hanging down from
the ceiling. Rhonda grabbed a control box and pushed the red button marked 'Up'.
There was a whirring sound and the chains spun round a power take up reel until
their arms were stretched tight above their heads. Rhonda made some more
adjustments with her control box until she was satisfied. I could see that both
my Aunt and David's feet were barely touching the floor. The assistant attached
chains to the ankle cuffs and fastened them to wall hooks so their legs were
spread wide. Rhonda made a few more adjustments. She went to a great deal of
trouble to get things exactly right. She fiddled with each adjustment until she
had exactly what she wanted. I suppose it takes a certain kind of personality
plus patience to be a torturer and executioner.

  Rhonda reached into a large canvas bag marked with "Nike" on the side and
pulled out two multi-strand floggers. I've seen the kind of whips you can buy in
your local sex shop and I can tell you that these were not those. These whips
were heavier. They weren't intended to give your lover that little sting that
made her cunt wet. These floggers were designed for someone who intended to take
the skin off the victim in as painful way as possible. They reminded me of
something you'd read about in Mutiny on the Bounty.

  "Hey, you better think twice about this. I work for the Manchester Union and
they'll not rest until they put you under the jail," said David making another
pointless and stupid remark.

  "Where'd you get these?" asked Rhonda's assistant ignoring David's outburst.

  "A friend told me about the Web site. It's an Australian company. They're made
from kangaroo."

  "Nasty looking knots on the end."

  "They're called 'Turks Head'. The Ottoman Turks discovered that if tied put
them on the end of the strand, they peel the skin off." Rhonda seemed to have an
encyclopedic knowledge of the torture business.

  "Man this is going to be something. You taking the man or woman?"

  "I'll start with the man, then we'll switch. Kelly is the camera ready?"

  "Brand new disc, it's good for four hours," replied my former lesbian lover.

  Of course, I couldn't say a word. My Aunt Carol must have known what she was
in for. David looked scared shitless. The two Amazons limbered up their arms
with a few practice swings in the air. They took their position and began in
unison to whip the flesh off Aunt Carol and David. They started on their backs.

  The whips were devastating at shredding flesh and causing pain. I was forced
to watch as patches of skin began to fly off their shoulder blades. Bloody
whelps popped up immediately. David kept passing out but Kelly was right there
to break a capsule of poppers under his nose and bring him back to
consciousness. At times, she moved in for a facial close up when they decided to
start off on a new area of skin where the pain was at its worse.

   I started to see where muscle began to show as the outer layers of skin were
removed.  Every so often, they would dip a sea sponge in a pale of salt water
and sponge off the area of exposed flesh. Each time that occasioned loud and
pitiful screams as the salt brine worked its way into their shredded flesh.

  They worked on their backs for a long time. By the time they were done, there
was little epidermis remaining from their shoulder blades to the bottom of their
buttocks. Their back resembled one of those posters you saw in health class
where it exposed the various levels of muscles. I could actually see where the
trapeziums and rear deltoids came together under the skin.

  After that they turned them around and went to work on their front side.
David's man titties were almost as big as Aunt Carol's. He looked to have gained
some weight since I last saw him naked.

  He could out perform Aunt Carol in the categories of screaming, begging, and
crying. Aunt Carol only screamed when the whip landed. Rhonda concentrated on
Aunt Carol's breasts. The skin came off in large inch square patches. The other
Amazon landed blows on David's cock and balls but she also flayed his man
titties until you could plainly see the fatty tissue that gave them their bulk.
Blood was pooling on the floor by the time Rhonda called a halt. Kelly came over
with poppers to bring them both around.

  Months later I can write this somewhat dispassionately but that day I was on
the knife-edge of madness. My own body was racked with soul-destroying pain. My
joints felt like they would never function again. My spine had lost all feeling.
I was sure that if I survived I'd never walk again and end up with a plastic bag
tied to my waste to catch my piss and shit.

  I felt guilt like I had never felt before. It was my fault that so many people
were dead. I liked Earl and didn't have anything against Tater in spite of the
fact he and his crew had gang raped me. They were only helping me to understand
what I would be facing as a Pagan. Aunt Carol never deserved what happened to
her and David was just doing his job. I was mentally shattered by guilt and
remorse. If only I hadn't wanted to prove myself as a reporter and stuck to
garden shows, craft fairs, and the obituaries these people would be alive.

  "Castration time," announced Rhonda as she plugged a soldering iron into the
wall. She walked over to David with a length of twine, grabbed his nuts and tied
them off tight.

  "You got big hangers as the fags say," said Rhonda to David. He had no idea
what she was talking about and was too far out of it to realize she'd just tied
his balls off with piece of rawhide.

  My Aunt was also semi-conscious. I don't know if she understood what Rhonda
intended. I watched in horror as Rhonda picked up a scalpel off a near by table
and approached my Aunt.

  "Clitectomy is commonly practiced in African countries. I'm going to make you
acceptable as a bride in Swaziland."

  Rhonda knelt down between my Aunt's legs. I was looking at the back of Rhonda
and the front of my Aunt. Aunt Carol started screaming,  "No, don't, for the
love of God don't, " but Rhonda ignored her. I could see that Rhonda's scalpel
hand started to move. My Aunt kept screaming as Rhonda slowly cut her clitoris
off. Rhonda stood up and showed the small clump of bloody flesh to my Aunt who
was shrieking in pain. Rhonda spoke to her assistant.

  "Cauterize it. I don't want her to bleed out."

  The Assistant grabbed the now red hot soldering iron and pushed it between my
Aunt's legs. There was a loud hiss and a plume of steam wafted toward the
ceiling. Aunt Carol gave out a long plaintive scream that seemed to sum up all
the pain and agony she had endured then mercifully passed out.

  Rhonda walked over to me and opened her palm showing me the bloody hunk of
carrion. Then she placed it carefully on my outstretched tongue and pushed it
into my mouth. She poked it right to the back of my throat.

  "Swallow or choke, I don't give a shit," said Rhonda as she walked over to
David.

  I felt the human sushi slip into my throat. I had no choice. I commanded my
throat muscles to swallow and felt my Aunt's clit slid down my gullet. God that
was horrible beyond belief.

  Rhonda crushed a popper under David's nose to bring him awake. Her face was
only inches from his when she spoke.

  "I'm going to cut your balls off now."

  I guess for a man there's nothing worse than castration. David obviously
understood because he let out a plaintive wail. Rhonda knelt down and went to
work with the scalpel. I guess cutting a guy's nuts off is less work than taking
a clit off because she popped back up in a few seconds with David's bloody
gonads in her hand. She held them up for David to see, He was screaming for all
his worth. The other Amazon got busy with the soldering iron causing a new round
of even more terrible screams. Rhonda threw the bloody clumps of flesh onto the
table in front of my face.  Thank God she didn't shove them in my mouth. I would
have choked to death.

  Her assistant came over and picked the bloody clumps of flesh up and looked at
them.

  "Okay, if I shove his balls up her ass?" she asked.

  "How creative, let Kelly get that on camera," replied Rhonda.

    I felt David's severed testicles being pushed deep into my open asshole. It
was so stretched out they practically fell inside me. They were still warm. I
quietly begged God to let me die. I didn't want to live after having that done
to me. There was more to come, however.

  Rhonda wasn't done by any means. She produced two small firecrackers and
wedged them into my Aunt's ears. She lit the fuses. Watching the fuses burn down
and waiting for the explosions was awful. Aunt Carol was screaming. The
firecrackers were small but powerful enough to blow out her eardrums and
everything behind it. As soon as they exploded, a thick stream of blood poured
out her nose. Next, Rhonda did her Fourth of July celebration on David with the
same result. Both of them were left hanging there with blood dripping from their
nose and ears.

  After that Rhonda with her assistant's help used forceps to pull my Aunt's
tongue out and cut if off with a scalpel. The practiced way Rhonda sliced it off
made you understand that this wasn't the first tongue she'd sliced off. Aunt
Carol couldn't talk after that but she could make babbling sounds sort of like a
deaf person who couldn't pronounce the words correctly. She threw my Aunt's
severed tongue on the table right in front of my face. Next she cut David's
tongue out. David knew what was coming because he watched her operate on Aunt
Carol. The Assistant was busy with the iron cauterizing the wounds. I don't want
to think about how it must have felt to have someone apply a red-hot iron to the
bloody stump at the base of what used to be your tongue.

  The assistant walked over and picked up the two bloody tongues.

  "How about these up her cunt?" asked the assistant?

  "Sure, why not, Kelly, take a close-up."

  I felt more carrion being pushed inside my body. Kelly used her hand to force
the severed flesh deep inside my body. The other Amazon filmed my hole as Kelly
shoved the tongues deep into my vagina. I felt her pushing hard to get them
wedged up inside me. I was mumbling prayers to God to kill me. I couldn't bare
the thought of what was happening to me.

  I sometimes wonder what kind of sick human being would buy a video like that.
I've heard authentic snuff films can sell for large sums, up to $100,000. But
the Pagans and Amazons had tens of millions coming in from drugs every week. I
suspected that the cameras were there to give Rhonda something to watch when
things were slow and there wasn't a human being to torture and kill.

  Kelly moved over a five-foot high metal shaft that was pointed on the end and
had a large flat base.  Rhonda used the controls to winch David high enough that
the metal shaft was underneath his butt. I knew they were going to impale him. I
remembered reading when I started my undercover assignment that was how Rhonda
executed those women who broke off from the Amazons. Kelly and Rhonda maneuvered
David until the tip of the metal shaft entered his asshole. They slowly lowered
him down as the shaft slipped into his guts. His legs were kicking and he was
making guttural sounds.  Rhonda gave his hips a final tug to embed the stake a
good foot up his rectum. David was as good as dead but he was still kicking his
legs.

  "I got something special for you. Oh, I'm sorry, you can't hear me," said
Rhonda as she walked over to my aunt.

  They changed my helpless Aunt to where she was hung upside down with her legs
spread wide. She looked like a capital letter "Y".

  "Arlene, I read about this on a Web site about medieval torture. Its called
execution by the saw, the Spanish Inquisition only did it to women, Your Aunt
will be the first woman I've ever sawed in half, if it works well, I'll add it
two my repertoire, " said Rhonda as she picked up a long cross cut saw off the
equipment table. It was the kind loggers used before the introduction of the
chain saw. Her Assistant took up a position at one end of the long saw. They
placed it so it was right on my Aunt's vagina and began to saw her in half.

  "Arlene, the Web site said this was a favorite method of execution during the
Spanish Inquisition because the heretic stays alive and conscious for a
surprising long time. The upside down position maintains a blood supply for the
brain and heart."

  I really can't write about what happened next. It took some length of time for
Aunt Carol to die. My Aunt's body jerked and convulsed in pain. David was making
little squeaks as the stake slowly slid up his asshole into his guts. His legs
kicked wildly at times but that only helped to force the metal stake further
inside his body. David stopped after a while and I assumed he was mercifully
dead.

  I was amazed at how far into Aunt Carol they were able to saw before she died.
It wasn't until thy reached her heart that she gave a violent jerk and expired.
My God what had I done?

  At some point, my mind shut down. After Aunt Carol and David were both dead, I
recall Rhonda coming to me with a syringe. I remember her saying, "Where you're
going, you are going to die a little each day."  




Chapter 38 - Arlene Part 17



Please take note! Adults Only Literature

The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written for
adults only.

If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing this
file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
now.

This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
is purely coincidental, etc.

Email HarryBerg01@aol.com with your comments.

Copyright 2003

                                                             ****

Section 17 - Green Hell



  My first sensation was of an engine humming. I was lying on something soft and
I could feel a vibration coming through whatever was under me. I was certain I
was dead and afraid to open my eyes and get my first glimpse of Hell. I'd
violated several of the commandments to the point that even God must have lost
count. Besides, everyone knows that biker whores don't go to heaven.

  Eventually, curiosity overcame my reluctance to face eternal damnation.  I
decided to take a quick look at the underworld.

  I'd already performed a physical inventory while my eyes were closed. I still
had hands and feet. I had a shirt and jeans on but no shoes. I moved a little
bit. I felt awfully stiff but I seemed to be all in one piece. Given all that I
had been through, the fact that I wasn't missing any body parts was kind of a
surprise.

  As I slowly opened my eyes, I felt everything sway a bit. Panic immediately
set in.

  "I'm on a boat. Oh, sweet Jesus, Rhonda's taking me out in Boston Harbor to
dump me overboard," I screamed aloud.

  That thought caused me to quail in fear. I came close to pissing my pants.
Drowning was not my preferred method of death. I found it extremely
disappointing to think I was already dead and then discover I still had to face
the Grim Reaper. I wondered if Death would rape me before he killed me. I
pictured myself impaled on a giant skeletal cock with my severed head rolling on
the floor. The head of bony dick was jutting out my severed neck as it pumped
blood like a public fountain. Death held a bloody scythe in one hand as he
engaged in necrophilia with my carcass.

  There must have still been drugs in my system because those and other bizarre
thoughts tumbled through my brain like some out of sequence Tim Burton film. A
few more moments passed and my head started to clear enough for me to think
rationally.

  I lay there wondering if I could possibly jump up and make a dash for it.
Maybe, I could leap overboard and swim my way to safety. It wasn't likely but I
didn't have other options. I moved my arms and legs a bit to see if I was
chained up. I was free so I decided to go for it. 

  I slowly rose up and took in my surroundings. It was definitely a small cabin
on a vessel of some kind. I could hear an engine chugging away and there was a
rocking motion. I crept out into the narrow passageway and saw stairs at the end
of the corridor and daylight beyond. I moved quietly along until I reached the
bottom of the stairs. I took a couple of deep breaths attempting to overcome my
fear. I didn't think I could live through more torture. Let me correct that. I
didn't want to live through more torture. After a moment of nerve building, I
put my foot on the first step and started upward. When I was almost at the top,
I decided it was now or never. I took the last two steps in one bound, jumped
out onto the steel deck and raced to the rail and stopped dead in my tracks.

  I wasn't out in the Atlantic. I was on a river and the bank was only a few
yards away. But this wasn't the Agawam or the Merrimack or any New England
river. I was in a jungle. The bank looked like something out of a Tarzan movie,
thick, green jungle alive with insects, spiders and snakes. 

  I heard laughter behind me. I turned around and saw there were half a dozen
crewmen standing on the upper deck. They were pointing at me and laughing.
Several of them shouted at me in a language I neither recognized nor understood.
I'd begun to notice the overwhelming humidity. The place was like a steam bath.
My head still hurt from whatever drug they'd given me. My arms were covered with
bruises from the beatings and torture. The boat swayed as it turned with a bend
in the river and a wave of nausea swept over me. Everything came up at one. I
puked over the side to the delight of the crew on the upper deck. It was one of
those emetic moments where everything comes up at once. Puke sprayed out my
nostrils and mouth like a fire hose. I fell to my knees holding onto the rail as
my stomach clinched then re-clinched in an effort to expel every last drop. 
After I vomited my guts out, I crawled over to a bench on the outer wall of the
cabin and sat down. My head was spinning. I hurt everywhere and the air was so
thick it was hard to breathe.

  "Get a grip, Arlene, you're not dead, yet." I whispered to myself. I looked
around, trying to make sense of my surroundings. My last clear memory was in
that basement. Those memories were so horrific I didn't want to recall them.
They finished sawing Aunt Carol in half and impaling David. I remembered David's
pale gross body as each desperate kick caused that metal staff to slide further
up his rectum.  I don't think my Aunt died until the saw reached her heart. I
would have puked some more if there was anything left when I remember what
Rhonda put inside my body. My memory of what they did with his balls and Aunt
Carol's clit and both their tongues almost made me run for the rail. Thank God
my body cavities felt empty. I preferred madness to extracting David's severed
nuts out of my asshole and their tongues out of my vagina.

  I was in the jungle of a foreign country on what I recognized from books and
movies was a riverboat of about a hundred feet in length. There was a large
hoisting crane on the rear and a number of wooden crates of varying sizes. Later
I learned they contained mining machinery.  There was a large wooden box shaped
building covering the forward part of the metal deck and a small pilothouse on
the top of that. I looked up to see that the crew was leaning over the upper
rail peering down at me.

  When I looked at the side of the ship's deck, I saw the name, Amazon Queen II.
I had a moment when I wanted to scream followed by another where I started
laughing hysterically. Hell, I'd been through enough to render most people
certifiably insane.  Kelly and Rhonda had taken away a good part of my sanity. I
was in the fucking Amazon sent there by the President of a lesbian biker club
named "Amazons" on a fucking boat called the Amazon Queen II. Normally, I hate
irony but it still caused me to laugh for the first time in God knows how long.

  After a while, I adjusted to the fetid air and started to feel less nauseated.
I glanced up at the crew who were looking down at me. The phrase, "half naked
savages" came immediately to mind when I took a better look.  They were leaning
over the upper rail looking down at the top of my head. They all had dark skin
and most had Indian features, flat noses with straight odd shaped haircuts that
looked like they were done with a bowl. Wooden pegs penetrated their septum and
earlobes. One of them yelled something to me and when I looked up, I saw that he
had his cock out and was waving it in my direction as he jerked off.  Then I
heard somebody with a voice of authority yell and the crew scattered.

  I was resting there trying to regain some orientation when a native appeared
in front of me and pulled me up by my arm. He couldn't have been more than five
feet tall and looked to be straight out of National Geographic. He had a small
piece of wood penetrating the septum of his nose and this strange round haircut.
He didn't smell too good either. I stood up and went along with the one that I
later found out was named 'Tiko".  Someone must have told him to take me back to
my cabin.

  When we got downstairs, I heard the unmistakable sounds of someone being
screwed coming from an open cabin door one past mine. When you've had the sexual
experiences I have, you can easily recognize the moans and grunts a woman makes
when she's having a cock shoved inside one of their holes, especially when it's
the one that not intended for that purpose. Intensely curious, I ignored Tiko
for the moment and looked inside. Much to my astonishment, there was Denise
Smyth with her sizeable rear pointed upward and a Tiko look-a-like fucking her
slowly. The crewman looked like some sort of dark growth attached to her
snow-white cellulite dimpled ass. Dense was butt up and face down on the bunk. I
could see her vagina that from my vantage point. It appeared reddened and well
used.

  It was obvious Denise's partner had his cock in the alternate hole. He was
making little clicking and popping sounds with his mouth as he pumped away.
Later I learned that was Jivaro. Denise was sobbing and pleading with him.

  "That hurts, please, put it in my vagina, my bottom hurts," pleaded Denise. I
walked in the cabin to get a closer look. Tiko tagged along. Denise noticed my
presence. She didn't seem all that surprised to see me. Later, she told me that
when we started our journey up the Amazon, she'd seen them carry me on board.
Apparently, I'd been sleeping for two days in which Mrs. Smythe had been forced
to service the crew all by herself. Having gotten tired of sloppy seconds, her
Jivaro lover had decided to drive the Hershey Highway.

  "Arlene, stop him. He's raping me anally, His thing is in my rectum," pleaded
Denise. Her eyes filled with tears.

  The boat swayed and I felt another wave of nausea. I sat down on the edge of
the bunk bed directly across from Denise. I wasn't in any position to stop
anything but Denise didn't know that.

  "Water," I said to Tiko. Next I tried "aqua," and mimicked taking a drink.
That sent Tiko scurrying away.

  "Go get the police," said Denise who must have no idea where she was. I saw
one of her wrists was handcuffed to the bed.

  "Just let him finish," was all I could say. In a moment, Tiko returned with a
bottle of water. I took a drink and felt better. I noticed that Tiko had a hand
under his loincloth stroking his cock.

  "You're going to sit there and let him rape me, call the police," whined
Denise when she noticed I hadn't moved.

  "We're on a river boat in the middle of the fucking Amazon jungle. There
aren't any Goddamn police.  We're not in the United States. Just let him fuck
your ass until he blows his load, " I replied with exasperation in my voice.

  Tiko gave me a push and pointed toward Denise. He used his cock to make a
gesture that was easy to interpret. He wanted to do the same thing to me that
his shipmate was doing to Denise. He started speaking rapidly in a language
unlike anything I've ever heard. I stood up, shook off a wave of nausea and
unbuttoned my jeans. He grabbed the waist and pulled them down. My little
escapee from the National Geographic was in a hurry to get a piece of my ass. I
unbuttoned my shirt. It was the same jeans and shirt I'd been kidnapped in. But
whoever dressed me didn't bother with any underwear.

  I figured it was easier to fuck than argue. I was also curious whether my
female parts still functioned after all they've been through. Let someone whip
your clit until it's swollen to the size of a Havana cigar. It'll make you
wonder whether you can ever orgasm again.

  "Oh my God, he's going to rape you too. Please help us Jesus," begged Denise
as she looked my way and realized that Tiko had decided to join the party.

  I got down on all fours trying to figure out how to adjust for the disparity
in size between Tiko and myself. Denise was quietly sobbing as her partner
pumped away. He had the biggest grin on his face. He jabbered some words at Tiko
and Tiko jabbered back. Now today, I know they were speaking Jivaro. It's a
language containing clicks and other odd sounds. It's damn hard to learn. I
don't think there is a written form of Jivaro. After six months here, I still
don't know more a few dozen words in Jivaro and they all have to do with my work
at the Palace of Sin. For example, I know the Jivaro for fuck, suck, ass
fucking, blowjob, and so on.

  While the Jivaro are small people, they are strong and lightening quick with a
machete. Tiko had one hanging from his waist that day. I didn't intend to give
him an excuse to use it. I reached between my legs, took hold of his cock and
guided it into my vagina. My cunt was sore as a boil but I gritted my teeth,
gave an enthusiastic grunt and started to rock backward as he thrust forward.

  "Oh Jesus have mercy, these savages are raping us," cried Denise.

  "Just fuck him back so he doesn't take forever," I advised Denise. I reached
between my legs and played my fingers across Tiko's nuts to encourage him.

  "You must be mad, I couldn't do that, Ouch, that hurts," responded Denise. "Am
I bleeding?"

  "I don't see any blood. Look, suit yourself but if you don't want him to take
all day, reach between your legs and play with his balls. The sooner he cums,
the sooner he gets out of your asshole."

  I guess Denise was desperate because she slipped her arm back between her
legs, grabbed his nuts and squeezed. Apparently with too much force, because her
partner let out a shriek, followed by a torrent of angry Jivaro and ending with
several loud slaps to Denise's butt. Denise screamed in reply. I advised her to
take it easy.

  "Gently, just play with them gently, you're not trying to squeeze juice out of
an orange." God, didn't the woman know anything about enduring a rape.

  Denise tried again and I guess she was more successful this time because her
partner moaned and picked up the pace. Tiko appeared to be enjoying himself
immensely given all the sighs, moans, and noise he was making while fucking me
like crazy. The difference in size reminded me of a jockey mounted on a
thoroughbred horse heading for the finish line. Tiko rode me as he fucked away.
His hard little hands gripped my waist as he pumped inside me. I decided to
bring my keggle muscles into play giving his cock a nice squeeze. 

  I was on board the boat for fifteen days and Tiko screwed me at least twice
for every one of them. Tiko and Siko, who happened to be the Jivaro with his
cock in Denise's ass, were the two of the Jivaros among Captain Chavez's
cutthroat crew. They usually appeared as a pair and Denise and I would service
them together. Occasionally they would swap and Siko would screw me. They had a
strange consistency. Tiko always fucked your pussy and Siko was an ass man.
Frankly, after fifteen days, ass or pussy didn't matter.

  The remainder of the crew was an odd lot from all over South America. Most
were from the favela slums of Rio or Sao Paulo. They were forced to work on the
Amazon Queen II because they were wanted for crimes back home.

  One of them named Rodrigo spoke passable English. He and I talked a little
between fucks. He grew up in Rio's most notorious favela, Citade de Deus or City
of God. I love the names the Brazilians give the hellholes that poor people live
in. Father was unknown.  Mother and sister were prostitutes. When he was
fifteen, he joined a gang that was hired by the local merchants to rid the
neighborhood of the hundreds of orphan boys and girls that engaged in petty
thievery against them and their customers.

  "They were bad for business," was how Rodrigo explained it. Rodrigo, by the
way, was about as scary looking as a human being can get. He was missing most of
his teeth and the remaining ones were brown with black spots. There was a wide
white scar that started at his partially cut off ear then moved forward across
his left eye that was a milky white sightless orb.  It traveled down through his
nose and cheek just like I-93 slicing through Massachusetts. He was missing the
tip of his nose and most of one ear. He looked like something out of a bad
horror movie. Denise was scared to death of him. After dealing with the Pagans,
I didn't think he was all that bad. Anyway without my asking him what he did to
the orphans. It gave me an excellent appreciation of how life was valued in
modern Brazil.

  "The Patron had a plantation near the city. We took them there after we'd grab
them off the street.  If it were a girl, we'd all fuck her in the truck. If she
was young and pretty, the Patron would keep her for a few weeks so he could fuck
her every day. He'd make her fuck his dogs while we watched. He'd lie to the
stupid cunt and tell her he'd let her go if she made his dogs happy. The stupid
bitches would believe him. They'd suck the dog's dick and let the dogs fuck
them. They'd even swallow dog cum with a smile on their face. If the girl was
real pretty, he'd have one of his men videotape her with the dogs. The guys we
fucked in the ass. When the Patron was done with them, we threw them into a pit
where the Patron kept alligators. Alligators don't like dead meat so they would
be alive when we pushed them over the edge."

  Rodrigo was representative of the type of individuals who crewed the Amazon
Queen II.

  Being screwed by Tiko did prove that I was still a fully functional slut.
Kelly had failed in her mission to neuter me. After a few minutes of fucking, my
female parts began to loosen up and return to a still sore but operational
status. I was lucky that Tiko wasn't well hung. He had at most a four-inch cock
so it wasn't forcing out the walls of my vagina. I slowly played my fingers
across his tight little nut sack as I attempted to get my head into enjoying
being screwed. I took some deep breaths, concentrated my thoughts on the
pleasure of feeling his prick working into me. I tentatively decided to see if
my tortured cunt was still capable of responding when I issued my "squeeze his
pecker" command. It worked and I felt relieved.  In prior days, my pussy had
been beaten senseless, tortured with electricity, frozen, and stretched to where
the skin was ready to rip. The fact that everything seemed to still work
surprised me.

  I heard Siko speak a torrent of clicks and pops then watched as he convulsed
and dumped his load in Denise's rectum. He let out a little yell of triumph and
delivered another hard slap to Denise's ample butt. I recall looking over and
seeing the small red handprint on her white skin.

  Tiko followed shortly filling my vagina with cum. The two then dismounted and
left yammering in Jivaro. They were probably talking about what a great fuck we
were. Denise and I were alone. I quickly found out what had happened to her.

  "Have you seen David, Is he all right? I don't know what they did to him,"
said Denise using the dirty sheet to wipe jism out of her butt crack.

  I decided to hold the bad news back for now. In fact, I never told her that
David was dead. It wouldn't have served any purpose other than to upset the hell
out of her. She always wanted to believe that he had somehow gotten free and was
taking care of her four sons. In Amazonia, we all needed our illusions to make
it through the day.

  "No, I was held in a dark room. They tortured and drugged me. I just woke up a
few minutes ago."

  "I was awake when they brought you onboard. The crew raped me while you slept. 
Most of the crew are black men or these horrible natives. Some of them are
Negroes. Where did you say we are?"

  "Brazil I suppose, we're in the Amazon jungle on a river boat."

  "I guessed we were on a boat. Do you know who did this to us and why?" Denise
broke down and started sobbing. I walked over to her and put my arm around her.
I felt responsible but at the same time, I didn't want her to know how
responsible.

  "I don't know," was all I replied. I just wasn't ready to explain everything
to Denise. Maybe I never will be.

  "We've been captured by white slavers. I'll never see David or the boys
again." This occasioned another outburst of sobs. I decided to distract her by
asking what happened.

  "How did you get here?" I asked. I took my hand and wiped the tears out of her
eyes. The fact that we were both naked didn't seem to bother her.

  "It was many days ago. I've been drugged and lost track. We left the boys with
my sister and her husband Frank so we could have a night out together. David
took me downtown to a steak house, Abe & Louis. It's our favorite place. Have
you ever been there?"

  "Yes, a few times, so what happened?" Actually, I had been there on several
dates. It was a nice place. If a date took me there and bought me a $30 steak, I
knew sex was expected, which wasn't a problem in my case. You don't know how
much I'd like to be back in that place with some guy who had lied to me about
being married and was busy feeling me up under the table.

  "When we back to where our car was parked, we were grabbed right off the
street and thrown in a white van. It pulled up right beside us on the sidewalk.
They touched David and I with something and we were paralyzed."

  "It was a stun gun, they used one on me. It was a white van also."

  "They wrapped these plastic bands around our hands and drove away. My hands
were behind my back and they turned blue because the blood wasn't circulating.
It was so painful I couldn't stop crying. David tried to comfort me but they
started hitting him so I shut up.  At first, I thought they were going to rob
us. Then I decided we were being kidnapped because they covered out heads with
these cloth sacks."

  "Where did they take you?"

  "We drove for a long time. When they finally took the hoods off, we were in a
garage where they repair cars.

  I knew they were at Terry's Automotive Shop but I kept my mouth shut. I told
her the minimum required to keep her story flowing.

  "I was in some kind of old building in the basement. I was beaten and tortured
with electricity. So what happened next?"

  "They beat poor David up. I just pray to God he's not hurt too badly. They
kept calling him a snitch and a traitor. Maybe it had to do with the Manchester
Union. They knew he worked there."

  "Do you know who they were?"

  "They looked like they rode motorcycles. They had tattoos and their tee shirts
read Harley-Davidson. Arlene, you've got tattoos just like they do. You must
know who they are?" I realized I was naked and Denise had noticed my skin art.

  "They're called the Pagans."

  "I've heard of them. Are you one of them?"

  "Yes, I ride with them on the weekends. What happened next?"

  "They stripped me naked right in front of David then they raped me. They made
me lay down on a dirty mattress on the garage floor. They laughed and joked
about my weight. They even made a video of their rapping me. They kept calling
me a pig and a cow and hurt my breasts to make me go 'moo' and "oink". They
formed a line and had intercourse with me while my poor David was beaten
senseless," said Denise breaking down into heaving sobs.

   I found myself feeling sorry for her. She'd lost everything. Her husband was
dead. Her family was probably raising her children. The kids must wonder every
day what happened to their mother and father. I held the sobbing Denise and
urged her to continue her story.

  "That must have been terrible for you and David. What happened next?"

  "They made him watch as they took turns with me. It was horrible. After I was
raped, they forced him perform oral sex on me. One of them raped David anally
while he licked me down there.  There were women there too. They forced me to do
lesbian things. They kept saying that if I didn't have oral sex with these girls
they'd cut David's penis off."

  "How many of them raped you?"

  "I don't know. I do know that they started at a little after ten and didn't
stop until it was 2:30 in the morning.  They made me lay on this filthy mattress
on the garage floor. There was a clock right above my head. Each one raped me
more than once. I know one of them bragged that he had ejaculated in all three
of my holes, He called it a 'cum trifecta'. Many times there were three of them
at once. My bottom was so sore after it was over. I'd never had anal sex before.
That horrible native just had intercourse in my bottom. I know I'll die of AIDS.
No one used a condom."

  "Maybe you'll be lucky," I offered. AIDS was actually the least of her
worries.

  "They made me perform orally, too. David and I have never done that. He always
said it wasn't fitting for the mother of his children."

  "So you've never given a blowjob either?" Sometimes, you wonder how women like
Denise get along in life without having to be sexually accommodating. Her answer
surprised me.

  "To be honest, before I met David, I used my mouth on boys I dated. One boy I
was engaged to I used to have oral sex with him all the time. But David
respected me too much to do that."

  "Do you remember anything else?"

  "Not much, they took David away and I never saw him again. They put me in this
room and handcuffed me to the bed. They raped me every day. Sometimes these
three men would assault me at the same time. I was there a long time but there
wasn't a clock or a window and I lost track of time. It just seemed like every
few hours, someone could come in and rape me. I was asleep when a woman came in
and stuck a needle in my arm. It was a drug that made me sleep. I woke up here.
As soon as I was conscious, these men came in and raped me again. Then that
horrible native insisted on anal intercourse. That was when you arrived."

  "I can see that your beauty nap is over," said this tall man standing in the
door. I gathered from his cap that he was the captain.

  "Please, can you help us? We've already been raped," said Denise.

  "I told my crew they can fuck you anytime they're not working. I'm Captain
Chavez." 

  "I'm Arlene and this is Denise," I responded, "Where are we being taken?"

  "To the biggest shit hole in Amazonia, LaPenera, it's a place that God himself
has forgotten," responded the Captain.

  "What happens when we get there?" I was interested in my fate.

  "You'll work as whores at the Palace of Sin."

  Should I have been happy I still had a job? Denise let out a wail.

  "I want to go home. I want my David and my sons," she cried.

  "The only place you're going is the whorehouse at LaPenera," responded Captain
Chavez.

  "When we do arrive?" I asked.

  "Maybe fifteen more days, it depends on the river and the rains," answered
Captain Chavez walking over and removing the handcuff that attached Denise's
wrist to the strut at the corner of the bunk bed.

  "We could use some food and water." I was being practical. I guess I'm a
survivor. After everything that had happened, I still wanted to live.

  "I'll have some sent down. But after that, you'll be expected to eat in the
galley. You can help Eduardo prepare the crew's meals. You may go up on deck for
air but stay out of the way of the crew when they're working. Expect the crew to
use you often, especially at night when we stop. The natives of Amazonia love to
fuck and most of our trips the only fucking they do is with each other. There's
little else to do in the Amazon other than fuck, log or mine for gold.

  "I could use a bath."

  "It'll rain this afternoon. Go up on deck and wash off."

  "I need shoes."

  "Can't help you. Maybe you can charm one of the crew out of some sandals.
However, you might as well learn to go barefoot like a native. The humidity
causes fungus to grow on your feet if you wear shoes."

  "Were you really serious about our working at...what did you call it?"

  "Enrique's Palace of Sin. It's a brothel for the miners. My orders are to take
you there. You and your fat friend will be prostitutes. You must have pissed off
the wrong people back in your country to be sent there. After a month there,
you'll look back on your time here as paradise."

  "There's nothing we can offer you to take us back?"

  "You have nothing to offer except your pussies and I already have that."

  I knew he was right. He and his merry band would be fucking us anytime they
had the urge and our only recourse was to lie down and spread our legs.

  "Just to prove my point, you and fatso can suck me off," said the Captain as
he stood up and unbuckled his belt.

  "Her name is Denise. I'll take care of you by myself. She's upset. Besides,
she's already screwed all of your crew and I've only done one."

  "You don't give the orders on the Amazon Queen. I do. Now you and your fat
assed friend Denise get busy." Captain Chavez pushed his pants down to his knees
and sat down on the other bed. He was casually stroking his cock. He didn't seem
to be in any hurry. I could tell he meant business. I didn't see the point of
another beating. I needed Denise to cooperate.

  "Denise, we need to suck the Captain off." I gave her hand an encouraging
squeeze.

  "All right,' responded Denise sliding off her bunk and coming to her knees in
front of Captain Chavez. I guess she was more of a survivor than I thought.

   "I'll start with his cock. You suck his balls. Be gentle," I said as I leaned
forward and swirled my tongue over the head of his cock.

  I must say our efforts at tag team cock sucking got off to a good start.
Denise licked and played with the Captain's balls while I played deep throat
with the shaft. In a few minutes, she insisted we switch. I learned that David
had been passing up some excellent oral sex that Denise would have been
perfectly happy to provide. After a while, the Captain decided to get creative.

  "Play with each other's pussy while you suck me."

  I placed a tentative finger on Denise's clit and gave it a little swirl.
Denise emitted a nice throaty moan while her mouth was cruising up and down the
Captain's very hard dick. She pressed a pudgy digit against my little love
button. I was gratified to learn that in spite of Ms. Kelly and her garden hose,
my clit was still capable of sensation.

  We worked our Captain until he popped in my mouth. The Captain had a thing for
girl with girl sex.

  "You two kiss and share my cum. Let me see it on your tongue."

  I had managed to get a little turned on so I grabbed Denise's head and pressed
my lips against hers. Her mouth opened and our tongues swapped saliva and the
Captain's love juice.

  "Excellent, you two whores will make Enrique a lot of Reals," spoke Captain
Chavez as he stood up and bucked his pants.

  Over the next fifteen days, Denise and I served as whores in residence for the
Captain and crew of the Amazon Queen II. Our work was mainly in the evening
after the boat stopped for the night. The Amazon and its tributaries are too
dangerous to navigate in the dark. Sometimes, a crewman would sneak down to our
cabin during the day for a quick one. Denise and I would take him on together.

  After the boat moored against the bank, they would troop to our cabin for
their evening fucks. There would be a line outside the door not that anyone ever
closed the door.  I'd be there on my bunk screwing Tiko and Denise in hers with
Siko pounding her asshole. Those little guys were quick and always beat the rest
of the crew to our cabin for the first of the evening's fuck fest. After that,
we took them in turn. It was climb on, pump, and shoot sex. You couldn't get
more basic than that.

  Afterwards, we'd all go to the galley and eat supper. Denise and I would help
Eduardo clean up. Sometimes, we'd fuck him right there in the galley. One of us
would be washing dishes while the other screwed the cook.

   I can remember one time I was on the floor on my back with my knees touching
my shoulders. I was grunting each time Eduardo shoved it in me. I looked over at
Denise and she was washing glasses with a brush. She was pushing the brush into
the glass with the same cadence that Eduardo was screwing me. She was smiling at
me. I started laughing. I began to vary the cadence. Eduardo thought he was
getting a spectacular fuck. We laughed so hard on the way back to our cabin that
Denise wet herself.

  After a while, the crew got bored with straight fucking. Toward the end of the
trip, they go more creative. They'd make me lie down on top of Denise with our
head between each other's legs. We'd lick each other's pussy and clit until we
climaxed then the crew would separate us for serious multi-hole fucking. Denise
had lead a pretty straight existence and having three cocks inside her body and
one in each hand was all new to her.

  One of the crew had seen a porn flick called a bukkake and he talked the
others into trying it with Denise and me. Captain Chavez thought it was great
fun and managed to blow his load all over our faces. After we had a dozen loads
of cum on our face, they made Denise and I lick each other clean.

  The final night everyone got a little drunk off some kind of awful tasting
rum. The crew after fucking us for hours took us up on deck made us lies down
with our heads together and pissed in our open mouths. Denise swallowed some
piss that when mixed with the rum resulted in some serious retching over the
side.

  At other times, Denise would get the blues. I'm not exactly sure what was on
Denise's mind. I knew she missed her family terribly. Frequently, I woke up in
the night to the sound of her sobbing. I'd go over to her bunk and hold her. At
some point, that started to end in lesbian sex. Denise had a way of
rationalizing everything that was happening.

  "What we do here is a matter of survival. You and I would never do things like
this if we were still in Manchester."  She announced that after she had just
eaten me to the best climax I'd had thus far in Amazonia. I suppose she was
right.

  The one thing I can say is that those fifteen days on the boat got our body
parts toughened up and ready for what was waiting in LaPenera.  By the time, the
boat docked, twenty or so fucks a day was routine.

  One interesting note is that when I asked Captain Chavez the date, I
discovered it was a month since I was kidnapped. I must have lost all track of
time.




Chapter 39 - Arlene Part 18



Please take note! Adults Only Literature

The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written for
adults only.

If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing this
file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
now.

This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
is purely coincidental, etc.

Email HarryBerg01@aol.com with your comments.

Copyright 2003

                                                             ****



Section 18 - Enrique's Palace of Sin



  Gold mining and prostitution go together like ham and cheese or bacon and
eggs. Anyway, wherever there there's a gold mine, they'll be prostitutes to
trade their ass for the yellow metal the miners take out of the ground. Before I
arrived at LaPenera, if you said "gold mine" to me, Id visualize a dark tunnel
dug into the side of a mountain. There'd be a little cart on rails to move the
dirt and rocks back to the mine entrance. My experience of mines was limited to
the movies and proved amazingly inaccurate when compared to the mine at
LaPenera.

  The mine at LaPenera is not a tunnel. It is a giant muddy pit over a mile wide
and a quarter of a mile deep. It's so fucking big it can be seen by the space
station or so I'm told. There weren't any huge trucks or giant earthmovers
either, just ten of thousands of near naked miners clawing away at the ground.
The miners are mostly men but there are a few women scattered among them.

  It was raining the first time I looked down in the pit; but that didn't stop
the ceaseless search for the yellow metal. Miners were hauling large sacks of
rocks on their backs up the surface. It looked like an enormous ant farm from a
distance. Beginning at the bottom, the miners had to climb a dozen flimsy
ladders to reach the top. The sides of the pit were terraced and ladders leaned
against mud walls allowing the miner to climb from terrace to terrace. Sometimes
a ladder would break or slip and the miners would fall to their death often
taking other miners with them.

  When the miner reached the top of the hill, he carried his bag over to the
weighing station of the Drummond Mining Company. The bag's contents were dumped
on a scale and the weight recorded. The miner was handed a slip of paper that he
took to the next station in the process where he was handed a few Real as
payment. The miner would put the money in a leather pouch he wore around his
neck then quickly return to the pit for another load. The work went on from
first light to dark.

  Inside a fenced in area was a smelter that extracted gold from the ore. It
released sulfur dioxide into the atmosphere that when mixed with moisture rained
back down as diluted sulfuric acid. In spite of being in the middle of a
rainforest, there was not a living plant for miles. The town and surrounding
area was a sea of mud. And the poisoned atmosphere produced its share of freaks
like two headed frogs or lizards with an extra set of legs. If there is such a
thing as hell on earth, it's LaPenera.

  One of the Drummond bosses told me that on any given day, three to five miners
died in the pit and another twenty were injured. Most died from accidents but
some from disease and exhaustion. The mine boss who liked to fuck me was named
Jesus Martinez of all things. He was born in Rio de Janeiro, educated at the
Colorado School of Mines and spoke good English. My yoga postures turned him on,
especially the one where I interlocked my ankles behind my neck. He would scoot
down and lick my pussy and asshole while I stayed in that posture.  Although he
seemed he like a regular guy, he had the same attitude toward the workers of all
the Drummond bosses.

  Jesus didn't consider the Indians human enough to worry about. In his view,
they were a lesser species and therefore expendable. We talked one night after
he had just pumped a load of sperm in my vagina, I pulled two squares of the
rough toilet paper off the roll I kept by my bed and stuffed them in my cunt to
soak up the sperm while I tried to get him to linger and fuck me again. When
Jesus came to the Palace, I got to use one of the bedrooms that had a door and a
room air conditioner. A security guard with a shotgun stood outside that door
guarding the boss while he fucked me.  On a couple of occasions, Jesus let the
security guard fuck me while he watched or joined in. Jesus was definitely
bisexual when he was drinking. He'd insist we both suck the guard's cock until
he blew his load then the three of us would share it. Nothing's too weird or
deviant at LaPenera.

  If I could persuade Jesus to stay for another fuck, it would keep me from
having to slip back into the oppressive heat and filthy lingerie that Enrique
made me wear. I would get a few hours reprieve from having to stand in the meat
line downstairs waiting to be chosen by another customer.

  "Why doesn't Drummond use heavy equipment to move the earth?" I asked laying
my hand softly on his cock.

  "Equipment cost money. Miners cost nothing."

  "But you need so many workers and it's dangerous."

  "The jungle has an endless supply of Indians, we could never use them up, even
if a thousand were killed each day."

  As I recall I did manage to get him hard again as we discussed man's
inhumanity to man. He invited Ramon the guard to join us and they took turns ass
fucking me and doing the ass to mouth or ATM thing that was the trendy
perversion in Rio.

  Going for the second fuck from a customer has its downside. You have to work
harder to make them cum and that's additional wear and tear on your mouth and
pussy, sometimes your ass. It's hard to fake enjoying it when the walls of your
cunt feel like they've been sand papered and your lower jaw's about to fall off.
My life at LaPenera was a living hell of joyless commercial sex, the occasional
beating, and unspeakable perversions, located in the least hospitable
environment on this earth.

   After the fifteen day journey up the Amazon and then its' tributary, the
Jivara River, the Amazon Queen II finally reached LaPenera.  Captain Chavez had
organized a celebration the night before we reached the mining town.

  "We're going to have a little going away party with you two," announced
Captain Chavez the night before we reached LaPenera. The crew of the Amazon
Queen II wouldn't have any women on board for the return trip to the coast so it
was the final night there would be an opportunity to screw the two resident
whores.  I surmised that on the return trip, sodomy was the rule of the day. One
time, Tiko and Siko had demonstrated to Denise and me, the joy of fucking each
other in the ass. They took turns plowing each other's backdoor before they
ordered us on our bellies for a round of shit packing. Both always had this
happy grin on their face while they were pumping a load into my butt. The
Jivaros were like children in many ways.

  We were tied up to the riverbank for the night. It was after dinner when
Captain Chavez pulled out several bottles of rum to get the party started.
Denise and I did several quick shots in order to quickly reach the
I-don't-give-a-shit state. We had a pretty good idea that our night would be
consist of a continual gangbang interrupted by general nastiness.

  Denise and I hadn't done any lesbian sex together so to start the Captain made
up get on the big table in the galley and eat each other's pussy. Denise sat on
the edge with her heavy thighs spread wide and played with her clit while I
licked her from asshole to pussy hole.

  Since neither of us had been able to bathe other than standing in the
afternoon rain while on deck, it was the nastiest, smelliest cunt, I'd ever put
my mouth on. We hadn't douched in weeks and multiple gallons of cum had been
deposited inside us to decompose in the humid fetid jungle air.

  Fortunately, we had drunk enough of the rum whose alcohol content was off the
charts to totally cloud our judgment. We managed to eagerly burrow our faces in
each other's nasty snatches while the fifteen-crew members cheered us on. If I
hadn't been drunk, I would have puked from the aroma coming from Denise's cunt.
When I sensed Denise was on the edge of climax, I stuck three fingers of one
hand up her shit stained asshole and two fingers of the other hand in her slimy
cunt. Both of us had suffered from diarrhea since we had been on board.

  With my digits fully involved, my mouth attacked her clit. Three to five
minutes of my raking my nails across her G-spot, produced a screaming
eye-rolling climax that included a loss of bladder control. At eye level, I
watched her urethra open up and drench my face in strong yellow piss.

  "Open your mouth and swallow it," yelled Captain Chavez who was standing
nearby jerking his cock.

  I did as I was told although it was a struggle since Denise slowly fell
backwards on the table and her piss stream arched toward the ceiling. The crew
yelled and applauded as Denise lay there like a fountain with a stream of pee
shooting almost to the ceiling before it rained back on Denise and me.

  The crew loved the show. Next, Denise was tasked to eat me and for a
Manchester housewife, demonstrated excellent muff diving skills. After I
climaxed, Captain Chavez ordered me to piss in Denise's mouth and Denise to
swallow it. I was feeling revengeful so I made it a challenge. I had a bladder
full of rum so I took my time, allowing Denise to capture a mouthful and swallow
before I restarted my flow. When I finally finished, the two of us stood up on
the table and walked around rubbing our very round extended bellies. There's
nothing like a swollen stomach of foul yellow piss to turn a group of horny
riverboat men on. While I was strutting my stuff, naked as the day I was born
and pushing out my abdomen to show how much piss I swallowed, I looked around
the galley at that horny bunch of thugs and realized I was going to be fucked
unmercifully. I decided to accept the challenge. I parted my labia, aimed my
hole at one of the seated crew and delivered a squirt. He laughed and opened his
mouth to drink it in. Denise caught on and we both worked our way around the
table. Someone invented a new drink concocted of cheap rum and girl piss. Denise
and I added a squirt to each of the tankards and our own.  Get a girl drunk and
all her inhibitions vanish. I remember sitting on the table, drinking a rum &
piss and demanding to know who was going to fuck me first.

  Captain Chavez did the honors. He flipped me over to my all fours, grabbed a
handful of my hair and yanked my head back to where my neck was in danger of
breaking. He spit on my asshole and spread it around it. I felt his cockhead
pushing against my brown eyes painfully forcing its way inside.

  "Fuck my ass, Captain," I screamed as the hole popped open and seven inches of
unwashed cock slid into my rectum.  I felt a sharp twinge of pain causing me to
look down at my nipples that were being stretched downward toward the tabletop.
Engine room sailors seated on opposite sides of the table had embedded their
grease blackened nails in my flesh and were having a contest abut who could
stretch my nipples the longest. There were tiny drops of blood at the end of the
embedded nails. I opened my mouth to protest but a hard cock was immediately
shoved down my esophagus. I felt my mouth filling with urine and swallowed as an
act of self-preservation.

  Over the course of the evening I must have done a half dozen cum and piss
cocktails that I washed down with rum. At some point, I recall the cook packed
Denise and my pussy with vegetable shortening then stuck his fist inside us.  

  It got drunker and drunker and the crew decided to engage in multiple
penetrations. I got all three of my holes stuffed several times and so did
Denise.

  They played music and we had to dance for them. They seemed to get a real kick
out of overweight Denise doing a shimmy to something that sounded like a
Brazilian version of rock and roll. We fucked for hours, taking them on with
every hole we had. After a while, everyone passed out. I woke up sometime in the
early morning with one of the crew standing over me pissing on my face.  I got
to my feet, found Denise asleep in a large pool of her own vomit and somehow
managed to get us back to our cabin. Thank God, the boat didn't reach LaPenera
until late morning so we got to sleep it off before we arrived.

   A large crowd turned out to meet the boat. They were mostly children too
young to work in the mines and their mothers. The Captain left his second in
charge and ushered Denise and I off the boat and through the crowd.

  I suppose they all knew we were whores come to join the crew at Enrique's
place. Some of the young boys hooted at us and made gestures. Denise let out
sort of an 'eek' sound when someone grabbed her ass. I was ignoring the hands
that kept feeling my tits and ass. That caused Captain Chavez to upholster his
gun to intimidate the crowd. I could tell LaPenera was a going to be a friendly
town.

  The town and mine were up a steep bluff overlooking the Jivara River. When you
reached the top of the bluff, you could see down into the mine pit. The town was
initially sited some distance from the mine but it turned out the gold seam
headed in the direction of the town. By the time, we arrived the mine pit was
less than a hundred yards from the edge of town.

  "This must be Hell on earth." I said to Denise as Captain Chavez and two of
his crew marched us from the dock to the brothel where we'd be working.

  "I've never seen anything like it," muttered Denise who was breathing heavily
from the effort of walking uphill in the intense heat and humidity.

  "You whores are lucky. Those stupid bastards work and die to earn a few Reals
so they can climb between your thighs for a minute of pleasure," said Captain
Chavez. I guess the Captain was not without his philosophical side. The town, if
you can call it that, of LaPenera consisted of a single unpaved street that was
usually ankle deep in mud and several unpainted wooden buildings. Beyond the
town was a sea of tents and wooden huts where the miners lived.

  The only decent buildings in town were in the compound of the Drummond Mining
Company. Inside the compound were the offices and living quarters of the mine's
managers and guards. An electrified barbwire fence manned by men with shotguns
surrounded the compound. Guard dogs patrolled the perimeter twenty-four hours a
day. I was inside the compound several times when the managers wanted a private
party.  They had decent facilities there including air conditioning and showers
with hot water. Once I discovered that, I would fuck anybody who worked from
Drummond anyway he wanted it as long as I could spend a few hours there.

  In the center of the LaPenera stood the largest structure. There was a sign
above the entrance announcing this was the 'Palace of Sin' and that Enrique
Estevez was the proprietor.  The Palace of Sin was definitely no palace. It was
a two story wooden structure whose construction wouldn't have passed code in the
most corrupt city in America. The entranceway was always tracked with mud. Mud
and dried dirt were everywhere and over time got into everything. I could put my
fingers in my pussy right now and pull out some river mud from the banks of the
Jivara. The first floor was a barroom with a small stage. I put in a lot of time
on the stage, more about that later.

  The showers were outside in a couple of open stalls. An open water tower
collected rain plus the occasional small animal or bird that managed to fall
inside and drown. When the water got a certain smell, we'd bribe a kid to go up
and remove the carcasses. The water was unheated and unsanitary. Since the
stalls were open, the kids would gather in the morning to watch us shower.
Denise because she was so fat and light skinned drew the largest audience. After
a while, you ignored it. I got used to showering with a hundred teenage boys
watching me while they jerked off. Sometimes, they managed to get a few Reals
and come inside and buy Denise or me for a half hour. Denise had a hard time
with being seen by all those kids, let alone being fucked by ones younger than
her oldest boy.

  "Where are their mothers?" Denise demanded the first morning we ventured out
to wash.

  "Down in the mine or freelancing," I replied. Most of the women who didn't
work in the mine worked part time as prostitutes. That is if they could get a
customer. The portion of miner's wives who were perfectly willing to sell their
ass was a majority. Only the very old and sick of the females weren't willing to
take a tumble for gold.  Girls as young as ten or twelve were available if that
was your thing.

   At several of the Drummond parties, the mine managers would entice a handful
of ten-year-old virgins for the night. They'd make we LaPenera whores dance with
the girls then help the managers to deflower them. They'd bust each girl's
cherry while everyone watched. Native women are tough even at that age. It was
quite a sight to watch as a two hundred fifty pound boss slammed eight inches
into the tiny, almost invisible goal of an eighty-pound girl. They'd squeal and
squirm but quickly get over the pain and tears when they were given a few Reals.

   The only advantage offered by the Palace whores over the native women was
that we were on the whole much prettier. The miner's Indian wives usually had
their front teeth filed down to points. They were short, round bellied, with
pierced septum and the personal hygiene of a grizzly bear. You could smell them
coming.

  Since I was a slender 5'11", blonde and had all these gorgeous tattoos, I was
considered an exotic and had more customers that I could fuck. Surprisingly,
Denise with her large ass, huge tits, and very white skin was also in demand
most of the time, especially with the Jivaros that only recently came out of the
forest. Jivaros are animist and believe that the jungle is a form of God. I
think in another day and time, they would have made Denise their queen and
worshipped her.

  "You'd think they wouldn't want their sons watching naked women," said Denise
as we were soaping up our pussies trying to clean out the dried cum deposited by
the crew the night before.

  " They only watch us because we're different from their mothers and sisters.
These people run around naked all the time."

  "I know I wouldn't let my boys watch."

  I ignored the last remark. Any mention of her boys was likely to send Denise
into a crying jag and that pissed Enrique off. When he was pissed at Denise,
he'd go get his strap and beat her ass till it was purple. Her screams drove
everybody nuts so we learned to keep Denise calm and avoid the noise.

  Over time, I learned to amuse myself by teasing the boys. I'd sit on the bench
in the shower and play with myself while they jerked off. Sometimes I'd bring a
latex dildo and fuck myself with it. We had little contests to see who could
come first. Of course, I had an advantage. I could fake it. Denise didn't like
that either. She thought I was corrupting innocent youth.

  "They're just children. You should set them an example." Denise said this
one-day as I was perched on the shower bench, my legs spread wide and pushing an
eight inch dildo in my cunt. I was facing a circle of twenty boys who were
jacking off as they watched me.

  "There isn't a one of them, that hasn't fucked his mother or sister," I
replied.

  "Arlene, just because we're forced to be here, doesn't mean we have to loose
every shred of morality."

  "Denise, I'm a whore in an Amazon mining town. I fuck as many as fifty miners
a day. I don't have a shred of morality left."

  So the showers lacked even elemental privacy. But that wasn't even the worst
part. The toilets were three outhouses located also at the back of the Palace.
There was a ditch under the outhouses to carry away the excrement when it rained
which fortunately was practically every day. Each outhouse had three holes cut
in a long board and no lock on the door. If you sat on the middle hole, your
shoulders touched the persons on either side. Everyone coming to the Palace
shared these.

  You'd be sitting there doing your business and a drunken miner would wonder
in. If you were lucky, he'd just sit down beside you and take a shit. But he
might choose to piss all over you or make you suck his dick. Sometimes, he and a
buddy would pull a knife and make you lay down on the floor for a free fuck. I
tried to shit early in the day before the Palace got busy and there was too much
light for them to try anything. However, diarrhea hit me at all times due to the
climate, disease, bad water, contaminated food, etc. When I was on the pot and
the miners decided they wanted a freebie, I didn't resist. I'd just lie down on
the filthy floor of the outhouse and let them fuck me. The problem was that the
miners kept coming and you couldn't get up until Enrique sent one of his goons
to find you. Within a week, I knew why the Amazons had let me live. What had
Rhonda Powers said that last night after she'd killed Aunt Carol and David?

  "Where we're sending you, you'll die a little each day."

  When Captain Chavez reached the Palace, Enrique must have been forewarned
about the riverboat's arrival. Enrique rushed to greet him. They hugged like
long lost friends. Enrique rushed behind the bar to bring out a bottle of what I
supposed was the good stuff.  It was early afternoon and the Palace's customers
were at the mine. Denise and I just stood there while Enrique and the Captain
exchanged pleasantries.

  "How was your trip?"

  "Smooth, the river was our friend and peaceful. We made good time."

  "How was Senor Delgado?"

  "In excellent health, his daughter had just left for the university in
Lisbon."

  "Isabelle will make a great lady some day. Her mother was the most beautiful
woman in Sao Paulo."

  "How are those two?" Enrique gestured toward us.

  "The tall one is always ready to fuck, which is kind of surprising for a girl
from the United States. At first, the fat one required a certain amount of
persuasion but the crew worked on her and she's now just as willing as the tall
one."

  "That's good. I have something special for you to watch. We were about to
punish two men who carved up one of my best girls last night. Ohana was very
popular. I stopped their punishment when I heard the boat was about to dock. I
would like to make a video of their punishment that you could present to Senor
Delgado to show how we deal with people who harm his property.

  Of course, at that time, I didn't know enough Portuguese to really follow the
conversation. I'd learned a few words and phrases from the riverboat crew but
nothing compared to what I know now. Therefore the above was a reconstruction of
what I supposed was said.

  We all walked out to the back of the Palace. I could see the showers and the
three buildings I knew were outhouses once I caught of whiff of their aroma. But
a little distance away was a large animal cage. High above the cage suspended by
a crude hoist were two naked men hanging by a rope over the open top of the
cage. There were two large fierce jungle cats in the cage. Later I leaned they
were a male and female pair of Amazonian jaguars named Timeca and Zima.  The
jaguars must have known something was up. They were furiously pacing the cage
and looking up at the two men hanging there slightly out of their reach.

  Enrique decided to inform us of what were about to watch. He switched to
English.

  "These two used their knives on Ohana last night. They killed one of my best
money earners. I'm going to feed them to Timeca and Zima. I'll feed you to them
if you give me problems. You belong to Enrique Estevez's Palace of Sin and don't
ever forget it."

  With that little speech, Enrique marched over to a camera mounted on a tripod
and focused on the two men swinging in the air.

  "Hector, lower one slowly, play with them," yelled Enrique. I could tell
Denise was about to loose it. She was horrified. I guess the average American
housewife isn't up to seeing a man eaten alive by two vicious jungle cats. I
grabbed her hand and squeezed it. When she looked my way, I gave her a 'you
better buck up or you might be next' look.

  Two men slowly lowered one man until he was in range. One of the cats made a
vertical leap but the man pulled his feet up and a claw missed his ankle by a
millimeter. The men on the hoist raised and lowered the screaming man to tease
the cat and make a game of it. Everyone thought it was funny except the men
being dangled and the hungry cats. The host operators managed to fool the
jaguars a couple more times before one of the jaguars got his timing right and
sunk his fangs into the man's leg. The blood shot out like a fountain. Denise
passed out beside me and fell to the ground. The guy was screaming his lungs
out. The hoist operators managed to get the man in the air one more time but on
the next pass, the two cats cooperated and drug him down to the ground. He
screamed and squirmed as the cats made him their lunch. You could hear the sound
of his bones being broken by their jaws.

  The second man seeing what had happened to the first was having a conniption.
The cats were so busy dining on Number One they practically had to land Number
Two on their backs to get them to notice the second course. One of the cats made
a leap for the second man and managed to rake a paw right across the man's
groin. His cock and balls were ripped off in one swift motion. Everyone thought
that was funny as hell. Enrique sounded a note of satisfaction from behind the
camera. Number Two was spewing blood all over the place. They dropped him down
and let the cats finish him off while he was still live.

  After that, we went back into the Palace. I managed to get Denise up off the
ground and walking. When we got inside, Enrique told us how it was.

  "In the last year, I've given two whores who gave me problems to my babies.
Now strip."

  I did as I was told. I had on the jeans and shirt I was abducted in. Dense was
too terrified not to obey.

  "Turn around and bend over, show me you asses."

  "Arlene, the tall one can give your cock a nice squeeze when you're inside
her," added Captain Chavez as I turned around, spread my legs and pulled my
cheeks apart. Denise looked embarrassed to death but she did as told. I wasn't
sure why it mattered to her any more. For the last fifteen days, she'd been
fucked twice a day by every one of the Captain's crew. Before that, the crew at
Terry's garage had worked her holes over for weeks.

  "I'll fuck them both later to see for myself," said Enrique

  "Senor Delgado told me before I sailed you were going to make videos with the
two Americans."

  "Yes, they will be sold on the Web site, scatinbrazil.com.  Everything is in
readiness. The scripts are written and the sets are built. I'll have the master
cassettes finished when you return on your next trip upriver."

  I understood enough of what was said to realize I was going to be in scat
videos. Later I learned that Brazil was a major source for certain genres of
porn considered illegal in the US.

  After that, Enrique turned us over to Aurora who was in charge of the whores.
She showed us upstairs to the large room where we slept and worked. Each of us
had a small bed separated from its neighbors by a curtain. It wasn't exactly
private. Denise and I were side by side. One of the beds was stained with blood.
I found out later, Ohana had gone upstairs the night before with two miners. For
reasons unknown, instead of just fucking her, they decided to cut her up. One
held his hand over her mouth while they other sliced her tits off. Next they cut
off her ears and nose. After that, they finished her with a stab to her heart.
One of the other whores happened upon the scene and called the guards. The end
result was that the two miscreants were fed alive to Enrique's pets. It was a
rough justice but justice nonetheless.

  No one knew why they did it. They both had been to the Palace before and
hadn't caused any trouble. Working in that mine did something to people. The
work was dangerous and brutally hard. The conditions were deplorable. I guess
some people just go nuts. Brazilian gold mining and serial killing go hand in
hand. Over in the tent city, they averaged two murders a day.

  By the way, I have never seen any member of the Brazilian government in
LaPenera, no army and no police. The gun is the law here.

  Aurora explained to us that tomorrow we were going to make a series of scat
films. She also said that tonight we would be downstairs and expected to
entertain customers. As soon as she left, Denise showed her lack of knowledge.

  "What's scat?"

  "Piss, vomit, shit."

  "That's disgusting. I won't do it."

  "They'll make you."

  "They can't do that. Don't we have any rights?"

  "Enrique will beat your ass till you beg him to let you eat his shit. No, we
don't have any rights."

  "I just hope David and my boys never know I had to do such things."

  Since David was dead, I was pretty sure he'd never see Denise acting in a scat
video. Of course, Denise thought David was still alive for some reason. I had no
idea where her four boys were, probably living with relatives. Denise had enough
to worry about without me adding to her problems. I lay down on the bed thinking
about tonight and tomorrow.




Chapter 40 - Arlene Part 19



Please take note! Adults Only Literature

The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written for
adults only.

If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing this
file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
now.

This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
is purely coincidental, etc.

Email HarryBerg01@aol.com with your comments.

Copyright 2003

                                                             ****



Section 19 - A Day In The Life of a Mining Town Whore



  I sleep till almost noon, sometimes later. The Palace never exactly closes but
most of the customers are gone by two or three in the morning, earlier on
weeknights. Since the showers are outside and unlighted, everyone sleeps with
whatever filth they accumulate during an evening of fucking. I always considered
myself a clean person but here I no longer care. I wake up every morning with my
legs stuck together with dried cum. Most nights I go to sleep with my belly
rumbling from the cheap booze and semen that I've ingested.

  Safe sex is only a phrase here in LaPenera. We almost never use condoms and
then only if the customer brings them. There's no requirement a customer bathes
before he walks into the Palace only that he have the Reals for a drink and a
screw. I've had miners covered with mud from head to foot choose me out of the
'meat line'.  I've used my mouth to lick clean cocks coated with dried sludge.
The grit gets in your teeth and you have to wash it out later. If a miner's made
a good strike, he'll often rush here to celebrate by spending whatever Drummond
pays them for a large nugget.

  Most nights I go to bed with a pussy and ass dribbling out semen. I stick a
few squares of rough toilet paper in my crack to soak it up while I sleep.
There's quite a bit in my belly also. Contact with Western civilization brought
sexual diversity to the Jivaros and other native people who work in the mine.

  "Doggie style was it for them until civilization happened along," was how
Aurora expressed it. It still seemed their preference. If a customer looked like
he walked out of the jungle yesterday, I automatically got down on my hands and
knees without thinking about it. Given that the average Jivaros was close to
five feet tall and weigh at most one hundred pounds, attacking from the rear had
its evolutionary advantages.

  However, in a short period of contact with Western civilization, they learned
new sexual positions. Jivaros are a curious people and they were always eager to
try something new. There were days, I could swear that someone had translated
the Kama Sutra into Jivaro (impossible since Jivaro is not a written language).
Blowjobs were a great favorite with certain tribes or clans of the Jivaros. I
understand the Jivaros weren't much into anal either until the white man
arrived. Often, they fuck both holes when they're riding your butt, a little
pussy then a little ass then back to pussy and so on. I never complained. Not
that it would do any good.

  Supposedly, there is thanks to civilized society, a good amount of homosexual
activity among the men. Legend has it that a famous American anthropologist who
first studied Jivaros and lived among them developed a taste for young Jivaro
men and boys. He introduced the tribes to gay sex and now they consider a male's
asshole just as inviting as a female's vagina. I'm not a cultural anthropologist
or whatever specialist studies those things. But I have seen drunken Jivaro
males fuck each other's ass in the dark corners of the Palace of Sin. They also
have a strong preference for a finger in their crusty little asses when you're
sucking their dick. The bottom line is that pretty much anything goes.

  As soon as I wake up, I throw on whatever's cleanest and stumble downstairs.
There's coffee, fruit, and some kind of doughy bread for breakfast or lunch
whatever you want to call it. After eating I walk out back to the showers. Most
days if its not raining there are young boys and even a few girls waiting to
watch us bathe. For a young Brazilian girl with no education (and that's 98% of
them) prostitution is the only job available.

  The life expectance is in the mid forties. For gold miners, it's much less.
I'm not certain how old the kids who watch us shower are. For the boys, I guess
too young to work in the mine and for the girls, two young to marry or work at
the Palace.

  My tattoos enthrall the children and boys will race into the shower stall to
touch them then race back out before I can grab them, not that I try very hard.
Often I shower with eight or ten children watching my mysterious body art. I'm
kind of glad the kids are there because if a snake appears they know whether
it's poisonous and how to kill it. I used to be terrified of snakes, spiders,
lizards, etc but now I hardly notice them unless the snake is one of deadly
ones.

  Denise and I help each other bathe. We scrub each other's back. Funny, how in
this place, you take pleasure from the little things. Every day, I look forward
to sitting on a wooden stool in the shower and Denise washing my back and hair.
I do the same for her.

  Most afternoons, Enrique lets the girls watch television. The dish on the roof
is aimed toward a satellite that serves all South America. I gather Brazil is
the 500-pound gorilla among the countries of the continent. I've learned to
speak the Brazilian version of Portuguese, also Spanish as spoken in Ecuador and
Peru plus a smattering of Jivaro. We watch soap operas that originate in Rio,
Sao Paulo, and even Brasilia.

  I've gotten interested in several of shows and make it a point never to miss
them. One of my favorites is about a wealthy woman who lives in a beautiful
condominium overlooking Ipanema Beach. She's always falling in love with the
wrong guy between shopping trips to designer boutiques.

  Sometimes, the girls get a little randy for one another and we go back
upstairs for lesbian sex or maybe just to cuddle. When a new girl joins the
staff, it can get competitive as to who first munches her rug. I hadn't been
here too long before I had tasted every pussy in the house. Our customers aren't
exactly affectionate. They treat us in a utilitarian fashion. So, I suppose
lesbianism is how whores express affection.

  I feel responsible for Denise being here so I make an extra effort to make her
feel good about herself. Often she gets upset and emotional. Denise will break
into tears and run upstairs any time a female character in a soap appeared with
one of her sons. I'd follow later after the soap ended. I'd climb in bed with
her and hold her while she cried. Frequently, that lead to other things and we'd
end in a sixty-nine. I've spent almost an entire afternoon slowly licking
Denise's parts while she did the same to me.

  On special occasions such as feast days, the girls would get out the dildos,
vibrators, ba-wa balls, anal probes, strap ons, butterfly clit stimulators and
we'd have an orgy. For a few Reals, Enrique will let male customers watch while
we pleasure each other.

  You'd have thought that since Denise was pushing forty and two hundred pounds,
she wouldn't get many customers. However, the Jivaros loved the giant American
with the great white ass.  Denise was 5'9" and the best way to describe her body
was rubenesque. To an average Jivaro, Denise was a foot taller and a hundred
pounds heavier. Denise was also fair skinned and red headed and that was exotic
to a Jivaro.  I've seen a Jivaro look at and sniff Denise's bright red pussy
hair like it was the eight wonder of the world.

  Many times, I've looked over at Denise's bed and there would be a Jivaro with
a big smile on his face, enjoying the hell out of screwing her dog style. He'd
be clinging to her butt and pumping away. It had the look of a midget fucking a
normal size woman. After Denise got used to the Jivaros, she became very good
with them. She treated them like children. I know she missed her sons. Maybe she
looked at them as a surrogate. I suppose that if Denise's had wondered into a
remote Jivaro encampment a hundred years ago, they would have worshipped her as
a goddess or they might as well cut her head off and shrunk it down to the size
of a baseball.

   I'd be screwing a customer when I'd hear Denise speaking softly from the
adjacent bed.

  "That's right, Adrian, stick your little cock in Mother's pussy. Oh yes, that
feels so nice. You're such a good boy. I'm going to tell daddy what a good fuck
you gave mommy when he gets home from work."

  Other times Denise would have her head between a Jivaros thighs and I could
hear her cooing and sucking as she went into a reverie.

  "You taste so good, David Junior, just like daddy. Now you get your peter hard
for Mother and she's swallow all the nice cream that you give her."

  It sounds sick but you have to consider where we where. I don't think Denise
ever had sex with her real sons. I just believe that like all the whores at the
Palace, she went a little crazy. I know I had strange dreams on a regular basis.
My weirdest was a public orgy with my brother, mother, and father. It always
occurred at the food court in the Manchester Mall where I used to shop. My dad
would fuck me while I ate mom's pussy. My brother's cock would be down my
mother's throat choking her. For some unknown Freudian reason, my brother was
always brutal and sadistic when he fucked mom in my dreams. He'd slap her until
her nose was gushing blood then bend her double and slam his meat into her
asshole causing her to scream. Given that my parents were totally straight
arrows, the bizarre dreams could only have been produced as a result of living
in this hellhole.

  One positive or negative factor depending on your point of view was that a
Jivaro with anything greater than a three-inch dick was considered a stud.  I
could fuck twenty miners in a night and never get sore even if was anal. You
could suck off three cocks at a time, have three in your pussy and two in your
ass and not feel crowded. Occasionally, someone from the coastal area or from
the mining company would show up at the Palace with a larger than normal cock.
All we whores would have to crowd around and take a look.

  When the soaps were over, it was dinnertime. The evening meal was around seven
and that consisted of pork or chicken and local vegetables. Gisela was the cook
and she was pretty capable considering what she had to work with. After dinner,
we went upstairs and got ready for work. Occasionally, we try to copy hairstyles
we saw in a soap opera. We had to trim each other's hair. I discovered I
actually had a little talent for cutting and styling hair. I'd put on make up,
spray my underarms and cunt with cheap cologne, apply lipstick, and dress in
whatever piece of clean lingerie that fit me. From somewhere, Enrique acquired
an endless supply of inexpensive lingerie that looked like it came from a very
downscale version of Victoria Secrets. A typical outfit for me would be a sheer
baby doll top, thong panty and a push up bra. The bra would be open ended and my
nipples would stick out. I'd apply rouge to my buds to make them more visible.
Hey, I'm a whore and dressing the part was required. Besides, Enrique would beat
the shit out of anyone who didn't dress the part.  If the relative humidity
wasn't one hundred percent and it usually was, I'd go for a garter belt and
stockings.

  Most evenings, we girls stand along the far wall in what we call the "meat
line". Customers look us over. Often they feel us over. I've seen guys go up and
down the line feeling each girl's tits as if they were at a supermarket shopping
for a fresh cantaloupe. I once had a guy bend down and smell my pussy before
making his choice.

  For a potential customer shopping my wares, I smile, turn around, put my arms
around them, and do whatever it takes to make the sale. If a girl doesn't,
Enrique will punish her with a whipping.

  In the six months, I've been here; I've been whipped five times. I work hard
to avoid a sixth time. I think the first was because I was new and Enrique
wanted to put me in my place. The second time was when I tried to keep some
money a customer left on the table beside my bed. I thought it was a tip and
belonged to be. After all I was the one who fucked his brains out.

  Denise has been whipped more often than just about anyone and I think that's
because Enrique actually gets a thrill from stripping her white ass. Denise will
get the shit flogged out of her for something the rest of us whores would just
get yelled at. He also makes her play submissive for the occasional customer who
gets his nut off causing a girl pain.

  The whippings follow a ritual. They're always done first thing in the morning.
They make us assemble downstairs in the lounge. It reminded me of those scenes
in a movie where the ship's Captain assembles the crew to watch punishment.
Enrique begins by making an announcement. Mine was something like this.

  "Arlene kept half of a fifty Real tip that a customer left. Since she stole 25
Reals, I'm going to give her twenty five solid strokes on her ass to remind her
who gets the money and who gets fucked."

  After that, Ernesto and Hector grabbed me and stripped me naked. They made me
face the bar and bend over so my tits were smashed against the top of the bar.
They tied my ankles to the brass foot rail spreading them wide as they would go.
They pull the ropes so tight you hip joints are screaming bloody murder. Next
they tied my wrists and stretched me over the top of the bar. The ropes are
stretched so taut you feel your rotator cups about to separate.

   I was helpless lying there knowing that in a minute I'd be screaming my head
off.  I pleaded with Enrique not to whip me, promising never to steal money
again but he wasn't listening.

  Enrique used a leather flogger. I could hear it whistling through the air was
he was warming up. He'd be screaming obscenities and working himself up to a
fury. You had to count each one as it landed. Miss a count and he started all
over again. You learned quickly to scream the number as each one landed. The
first time I was whipped, I messed up twice. I miscounted at ten. Enrique
proceeded to slowly repeat the first ten. One of the girls, Xaviera, was always
getting whipped and never could keep count. It was almost funny because Enrique
would finally get tired and give up. But not before, Xaviera's back and butt
were bright red and dripping tiny droplets of blood.

  Enrique always worked from shoulders to thighs. You knew the first whack was
going to land right on your shoulder blades. Knowledge was not power or anything
else in this case. You heard the whip cutting the air. Next it landed across
your back. Pain came into your sensory system like a freight train and you
screamed "One" with all the lungpower you could muster.

  At the end of twenty-five blows, I was desperately holding onto enough sanity
to shriek "twenty five" then I collapsed. Sometimes, just to add a little
degradation to the punishment, Enrique would let Ernesto and Hector butt fuck us
while everyone watched. In this case Enrique uses humiliation to reinforce the
punishment.

  Being publicly screwed in the ass after being whipped does give you a clear
understanding of where you place in the hierarchy at Enrique's Palace of Sin.
You are at the absolute bottom of the barrel. Here you are sobbing and feeling
nauseated with pain. You body is on fire from shoulder blades to knees and
someone pulls you ass cheeks apart and spits on your butthole. They chew some
sort of awful tobacco here so this is a big glob of brown gooey spit that burns
like hell. Afterwards, you ass looks like the inside of a spittoon. They work a
finger in you to open you up, spit some more then give you all their fingers
spreading you wide till you feel like your assholes being ripped apart. Ernesto
likes to use the first finger of each hand to pull you wide open while he spits
several gobs of tobacco juice into your rectum. After that, its ass fuck time
and their cock works your ass while their hands either slap your reddened butt
cheeks or twist your nipples until you scream some more. Ernesto is a
self-trained sadist that would make the Marquis de Sade proud.

  They take their time and make it last. I've seen whores vomit right on top of
the bar while being ass fucked by those two. If you do puke, Enrique will make
you lick it off the top of the bar before he'll untie you.

  Once, when Xaviera puked her guts out after a savage beating, Enrique had
Ernesto pour the contents of one of the spittoons down her throat while Hector
forced her mouth open. Somehow, she kept it all down.

  They took turns in my asshole that morning. Afterwards, Enrique just let me
hang there for an hour with cum and tobacco spit leaking out my butt before he
cut me down.  Occasionally, a customer who for some reason wasn't working in the
mine that morning would come in and drink a beer while watching Enrique meet out
punishment. If a customer wanted to fuck a girl after she'd been whipped, it was
fine with Enrique as long as he was willing to pay. Sometimes the customer would
screw the girl right there at the bar while we all watched. Other times, he'd
take the sobbing whore upstairs for a more private fuck.

  I can't say that Enrique's were the worst whippings (the one Kelly gave me in
the basement with the garden hoses was much worse) I ever got but they were
painful enough that I was willing to do anything to avoid them.  If Hector or
Ernesto wanted me, I was more than willing to oblige. Staying on their good side
was important to my survival.

  As for the degradation, it was hard to degrade us after what we went through
each day. Still, I felt less than human the times I was whipped. It was like you
weren't really a person, just a dog to be whipped for any minor infraction. The
whippings were a way of reminding us that we didn't count for anything in this
world.

  I suppose I might as well describe the Saturday night show we put on for the
Palace's customers. From 9:00 to 11:00, we girls performed for the customers. It
was Enrique's way of creating some interest. He referred to it as 'marketing'.
It did get the customer's attention and I have to agree that you could get
awfully busy after the show with lines waiting for each girl.

  Other days, things were much more leisurely. Downstairs, you stood politely in
the meat line and let the customer make his selection. If he chose you, you took
him upstairs and helped him undress. You might make out to get him worked up. I
know whores aren't supposed to kiss but this isn't the United States. Some of
the Jivaros were good kissers once you got past the idea you were making out
with someone who had a piece of wood the thickness of a quarter through their
nose and had never visited a dental hygienist in their entire lifetime. They
were into face licking and sticking their tongue in your ears. After the first
few times, I found it erotic to have my face licked.

  Of course, you can't take forever or Enrique will get pissed so you worked
their cock and balls with your hands while making out. We kept a big bottle of
hand lotion beside our bed. You squirt some into your hand to warm it then
slowly worked stroked their cock until it was hard. I had never used hand lotion
to jerk a cock until I got to the Palace where it was standard operating
procedure. Most of the time, a few deep hand strokes of a well lotioned cock and
the guy was ready with a capital 'R'.

  If the guy was having trouble getting hard, you went to work on their butt
hole. There are doctors in the US who if they practice for lifetimes have not
felt as many prostrates as Arlene, the whore.  I know where that little gland is
and how to use it to get a cock hard. I even know how to make it eject a little
pre-cum. I can even tell when it's become enlarged. Not that we ever tell the
customer that he's possibly pre-cancerous and should immediately consult his
primary care physician.

  Erection and alcohol aren't complimentary at a certain point. A few drinks and
a little feel gets a customer hard. With a lot of booze his brain wants it but
his cock would just rather sleep it off. I've had the occasional drunk customer
who couldn't get a hard on if the Dallas Cheerleaders were naked and begging him
for a fuck. Those you have to send on their way with a few words of sympathy. I
always tell them it happens to everyone at least sometimes and come back and see
me when they've had a good night sleep and they're not drinking. Men are kind of
sad when they can't get it up. They can also get mean if you belittle them.

  One of the new girls, Siena got pissed at a guy who just couldn't stay hard. I
guess she was horny or stupid. He could get hard but once inside her, he lost
it. She sort of nastily remarked, "I give up, come back when your pecker's
working." Well, the customer pulled out a knife and slashed her face cutting all
the way through the cheek. Siena managed to get away from him before he could
slice her more. Hector and Eduardo took him outside and beat him pretty much to
death. But Simone is now 'Scarface' and only gets chosen when everyone else is
busy.

  Anyway, once the customer is prepped, it's choice time. Most purchase a half
and half just like in the states. You do all the work. They lay on their back.
You suck for a while with your fingers in their asshole; then you either get in
the cowgirl position and slip it in or let them screw you dog style.
Occasionally, it's missionary.  Anal costs extra but only a little extra so you
take it up the ass frequently.

  Enrique bitches we should spend no more than twenty minutes with a customer
but most of the time we take thirty. On special occasions, a customer will ask
for two girls at once and even three. That's a male ego thing. Usually they want
to watch we girls eat each other. Frankly, that's the part I enjoy the most. By
the way, I can fuck twenty guys in a night and I don't cum. I can't say I don't
feel a sense of pleasure from having a cock in me but it's not enough sensation
to make me cum. I fake it if the guy wants me to cum when he does. Ever once in
a while, I actually do get into being fucked and hit the big 'O' but that's a
rarity.

  The thing that's different about Saturday night is that it can turn into a
gangbang. Especially, if the miners have a good week in the pit and they have
plenty of fresh cash. The Palace is about the only place to spend it. The guys
form lines on the stairs and we girls just lay there on our beds taking on
customer after customer. Normally, it's on a next available basis. If you're in
that line, you fuck the next girl who doesn't have a man between her legs.
Enrique runs it like he was trained by an efficiency expert.

  There are normally ten whores working. Each girl has a small bed and a night
table with a lamp. There's a curtain separating you from the bed beside yours
but there's no curtain at the foot of the bed. In other words, if you walk the
length of the room, you can see ten whores getting fucked. When a guy finishes
and leaves, another immediately takes his place. I've been on my back for three
hours doing a guy every fifteen or twenty minutes. You become exhausted and
filthy. Cum is in your belly, and leaking out your ass and pussy. You're covered
in sweat and smell like a sewer. This is whore's work in the trenches. When your
guy finishes, you wipe the cum out of your cunt with a few squares of toilet
paper and yell "Next".

  Enrique has a fit if you have to leave to piss so he put a slop jar by the
door on the stairwell landing. You can only pee if you're desperate enough to do
it in front of fifty guys standing on the stairs waiting their turn. On the
other hand, squatting down to relieve yourself in front of a crowd of horny
miners occasionally appeals to my exhibitionist side and I make a production of
it. I spread my legs and squat over the wide mouth thunder mug. I spread my
labia exposing my piss hole while fifty sets of eyes watch me as if they had
never seen a woman piss.

  I slowly start my flow and they lean forward to get a better view. I'll use my
muscles to stop and restart the flow several times. I always finish with a noisy
spray that delights them. One night a drunken miner grabbed the mug after I
finished and chugged it down to the cheers of the crowd. That struck me as
something only a Brazilian gold miner or a Pagan would do.

  On Saturday night, I starred in the show that the Palace put on. The show
began with me doing a bump and grind, as I slowly got naked. When I had stripped
and after I have provided every miner at the edge of the stage an extreme close
up and feel of my orifices, Denise would arrive on stage and hike up the hem of
this incredibly tight spandex dress she was wearing. She would bend over with
her legs wide, hands palm down on the ground with her ass toward the audience. I
would roll down these large cotton drawers she was wearing exposing the end of a
large anal dildo. Denise would reach back and grab her cheeks to provide the
viewing audience with the best possible view of her rectal opening. I'd grab the
handle of the anal dildo and give Denise a fast and hard twenty strokes while
she worked her clit and pussy with both hands. When Denise simulated her orgasm,
I'd withdraw the dildo and walk around the edge of the stage offering the
customers a lick or a suck on the brown stained latex recently plucked from
Denise's shit chute. There were usually some takers who found the idea of
tasting Denise's shit a delicacy.

  When the audience's craving for eating Denise's shit was satisfied, I'd bend
over and Denise would dildo fuck my ass until I faked a loud screaming orgasm.
The next phase involved Denise pulling the spandex dress over her head and
stepping into a harness mounted with a ten-inch latex cock. I'd also put on a
similar strap on cock then Denise and I would strap on fuck in half a dozen
positions.

  For the finale, Denise and I would bring a sturdy table on stage. I would
recline on my back and interlock my ankles behind my neck. My flexibility never
seemed to amaze the audience. My holes would be open and pointed toward the
crowd as Denise wheeled out a glass box containing snakes that I prayed to God
were non-venomous herbivores.

 My snake tattoo gave Enrique the idea.  Denise would hand me snake after snake
and I would push the head inside my vagina. That caused the serpent to become
curious about what was up there and go inside to see. It was not easy to get
used to and Enrique had to threaten to whip me bloody to get me to try it the
first time.

  If you want a mind trip, have a five foot reticulated python crawl three feet
inside your cunt for a visit. After I lost my fear of snakes, I actually found
it erotic to feel his highly flexible and muscular body crawling into your
uterus, eventually hitting a dead end and slithering back out. Once or twice, I
even got Denise to give it a try in spite of the fact she considered it the most
disgusting thing she had witnessed.

  Denise would feed several of the smaller snakes inside my rectum and that was
really weird because your large intestine is fourteen feet long and several
times, a snake with a touch of the explorer in him traveled the entire distance
before turning back. I could look down and watch my abdomen slowly rise as the
snakes went deeper inside my cavities.

  The crowd loved it. The other whores also performed but it was Arlene and
Denise's snake act that was the real crowd pleaser.

  The other thing we did was make digital videos that were sold over a number of
Brazilian Web sites. Most of them were scat but we also did face sitting, foot
worship, gut punching (yowl!), smothering with plastic wrap, and some other off
the wall fetishes.

  Denise really hated the scat films. They always ended with us taking a dump in
each other's mouths or puking in each other's faces. The videos are really
gross. The camera is two inches from your face. The girl positions her butt hole
over your mouth. You watch as her sphincter muscle slowly dilates to reveal the
end of a turd. You hold your mouth open and the turd slowly goes into your mouth
that you start chewing and swallowing. All the time you're expected to smile at
the camera as if eating another whore's shit was the most wonderful experience
in your life.

  Then you would take shit you didn't swallow and smear it all over your body.
Or you and another girl engage in torrid kisses where you swap shit between your
mouths. We did scat films with as many as ten of the Palace's girl's present.
The synopsis of a typical scat film would be something like this.

  Aurora and Xaviera return from shopping to find the lazy maid, Arlene,
sleeping. To teach Arlene a lesson the two force Arlene to eat their shit.
Denise, a friend of Aurora arrives and she releases a large pile of kaviar in
Arlene's mouth. After Denise vomits into Arlene's mouth and makes her swallow
it, they make up and decide to share the delicious kaviar among them.

  God knows what kind of sick fuck watch this crap.

  The days here are pretty much like another. There are no holidays. I often
wonder how long before disease, a drunken miner, or Enrique kills me. Lately,
I've been thinking it would be better if I killed myself.




Chapter 41 - Arlene Part 20



Please take note! Adults Only Literature

The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written for
adults only.

If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing this
file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
now.

This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
is purely coincidental, etc.

Email HarryBerg01@aol.com with your comments.

Copyright 2003

                                                             ****



Section 20  - Candace Makes A Decision



  Candace read the last line of the notebook then placed it back in the courier
envelope. She thought about the problem for a while then made a decision.

  She picked up her encrypted satellite telephone and dialed Senor Ernesto
Ramirez at his cocoa plantation in the foothills of the Bolivian Andes. Ernesto
was an American born and educated Bolivian, thirty-two years of age, who had
moved back to Bolivia ten years ago to run the drug syndicate's largest cocoa
plantation. It was an enormous operation that involved thousands of poor
peasants and many hectares of cocoa plants. He had recently suffered a major
tragedy when his American born wife had died when her Land Rover ran over a
mine. After the usual Latin American niceties, Candace laid out her plan to the
Senor. He readily agreed.

  Next Candace dialed Senor Delgado in Sao Paulo, Brazil. Candace began the
conversation by complementing the Patron about his daughter who was living in
Lynnfield at the Williams' compound while she attended MIT.

  "Consuela is doing very well. She and Briana have become the best of friends
and Dan thinks of her as his own daughter," said Candace recalling with a sense
of the erotic how Consuela had screamed her pleasure when Dan had taken her
virginity soon after she arrived in Boston. Over the last two years, Consuela
had refined her taste for the exotic. Candace realized a certain glow between
her legs when she recalled Consuela's skillful mouth administering to her own
sex.

  "I am most gratified to hear that. Her sister, Estella is anxious to continue
her education in the United States."

  "Then she must come and join Consuela. She would be most welcome," said
Candace. "Now, let me tell you what I have in mind with regard to Senorita
Fairchild."

   Candace explained what she had in mind. Senor Delgado saw the possibilities
and also endorsed the plan. Candace then requested Senor Delgado to patch her
call through to the Palace of Sin.

  When Enrique Podaris answered, he was overwhelmed that he was actually talking
to the Senora Senator herself. Candace patiently listened to the flowery
complements of Enrique. Candace realized that to someone like Enrique, she was
somewhere above the current president of Brazil, perhaps at the same level as
the Pope. After exchanging complements, Candace explained her intentions to
Enrique. She next requested Enrique to put Arlene on he telephone.  It took a
few minutes but finally Arlene came to the phone.

  "Is this really Senator Williams?" asked Arlene.

  "Yes, it is. I understand you have been a bad girl."

  "I suppose that's true. There was an American mining engineer here and I tried
to persuade him to help me escape."

  "That was foolish, Arlene, you would have been dead in five minutes after you
got back to the states. And he would have been too."

  "I know. Would you please tell Enrique to make it quick? He wants to feed me
alive to the Jaguars."

  "I've got a better situation for you than a quick death. I read your
manuscript. I think we misjudged you. But any more screw-ups and you're dead
that same day and it won't be a pleasant ending. Reconcile yourself that you are
never returning to the United States."

  "I am. I thank you for giving me another chance. Anything, I'm listening."

  "Senor Ernesto Reynaldo is thirty-two years old cocoa plantation owner with
five male children. His lives in Bolivia and runs a large cocoa plantation,
actually one of our largest. The rebels killed his American born wife six months
ago. She drove over a land mine. He's asked me to find him a new American wife.
My analysis is that you are his type and you two would be compatible. You're
going to have to clean up your act and be a lady. That might not be all that
easy after your time with the Pagans and the House of Sin."

  "I'll do anything you say. I want to live," said Arlene.

  "He also needs help running the plantation. Just between us, he's a little
weak administratively. I need much better record keeping and bookwork if the
place is to be a success. You'll be the wife of the patron, lots of servants,
beautiful home, nice clothes that you will order off the Internet, five sons to
raise, and a certain degree of danger. Growing cocoa and turning it into powder
is a very risky business. Are you interested?"

  "Yes, when do I leave?"

  "No second chances, Arlene, you screw this up and you are dead."

  "Understood, you can trust me. Can I bring Denise along? She had sons back in
the states. She'd be a great nanny. She's wonderful with children and I have no
experience."

  "Denise, that was the wife of your boss at the Manchester Union. Five boys are
a lot if you haven't been a mother before. You've caught me in a generous mood.
You tell Denise that if either of you screw up, both of you will wish that
Enrique had allowed his pets to slowly eat you alive."

  "We won't screw up, Senator Williams, I promise."

  "Put Enrique back on the phone."




Chapter 42 - Arlene Epilogue



Please take note! Adults Only Literature

The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written for
adults only.

If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing this
file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
now.

This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
is purely coincidental, etc.

Email HarryBerg01@aol.com with your comments.

Copyright 2003

                                                             ****

Section 21 - Epilogue



  "Oh yes, that's good," gasped Ernesto as Arlene forced the large strap-on cock
in as far as it would go. Her pubic mound pressed into his butt crack as her
hands clutched the tops of his shoulders. Arlene pushed harder to sink the last
centimeter inside her husband. Ernesto was down on all fours; his face resting
on his pillow and his butt angled upward. Arlene was standing on the bed in a
crouch slowing stroking the twelve inches of latex into Ernesto's anus.

  "Shut up, you whore," responded Arlene delivering a powerful open handed slap
to Ernesto's buttocks causing him to whimper loudly and shed real tears onto his
pillow.

  Ernesto found the pressure inside his abdomen both painful and pleasurable at
the same time. When Arlene withdrew, he could feel the walls of his intestine
compressing excruciatingly inward due to the suction. He groaned loudly acutely
aware of each millimeter of the dildo's passage. But when she drove forward, the
dildo's flared mushroom head forced the collapsed walls outward creating a quite
different sensation. Ernesto would expel a loud hiss of air as he clamped his
sphincter around the intruder and squeezed it tight to amplify the pain.

  His buttocks and back were crisscrossed with painful bright red stripes.
Arlene's whip was still within her reach and she would undoubtedly use it again
before they were done. During their time together, Arlene had learned to
accurately gage Ernesto's capacity to withstand the whip. She could skillfully
take him to the very edge of his endurance but never go beyond it. Ernesto
considered President Williams almost god like in her understanding of human
nature. Arlene was perfection itself in terms of her capability to meet his
sexual needs.

  Ernesto's cock and balls were incased in a metal and leather contraption that
stretched his gonads downward while his cock was extended through a series of
concentric metal rings that constricted every inch of its length. At the very
tip, the points of a set of sharp spikes pushed against the soft spongy cock
head. Each time his growing erection caused his cock head to impale itself on
the spikes; it was unbelievably painful.  There was no way he could achieve the
orgasm he so desperately wanted until Arlene agreed to remove the device.

  Ernesto's legs were dressed in mid night blue hose and a matching lace garter
belt maintained the hose in the proper position. The French cut panty still
clung to one ankle right above the navy open toe four-inch ankle strap sandals
tightly buckled to his feet.  A blonde wig covered his graying hair and
prosthesis underneath the matching bra provided Ernesto respectable 38C breasts.

  He couldn't pass as a girl at Macy's thought Arlene when earlier she had
dressed him as a woman and applied make-up that complemented his dark Latin
complexion; but he's not all that bad either. Arlene had been dressed in combat
fatigues when their little play-acting had begun. The uniform trousers were now
open and the leather dildo harness was visible above the fatigues lowered to her
knees.

  Ernesto's current fantasy was closely patterned after what regularly occurred
when government or rebel troops made sweeps through the surrounding villages.
Punishing the peasants for cooperating with the other side by publicly raping
their wives and daughters in the town square was a frequent occurrence. Playing
on the large screen television in the far end of the room was a video made when
the rebels captured eight officer's wives who had gotten lost on a jungle road.
Arlene had watched the video several times. She became aroused and reached for
her favorite vibrating dildo when she watched it alone. There was something very
real and credible about the fear in the women's eyes as they were forced to
strip and dance for the rebel commander and his officers. One of the rebels was
a female and the naked wives were slapped and kicked until they knelt before her
and performed oral sex. It was exciting to see the light skinned descendants of
the Spaniards with their bloodied faces burrowing their noses and mouths into
the dark hairy mound of the rebel whose flat features identified her as one of
the natives whose ancestors were savagely suppressed by Pizarro and those who
came after him. The finale of the film took place in the square of a nearby
village.  The officer's wives were arranged around the octagonal fountain and
raped by every male in the large village. The rape went on from early morning
until dark. Next day, the naked and half dead women were dumped out in the
center of La Paz on a busy street.

  Of course, the army had its revenge when it captured rebels or arrived in
villages suspected of supporting the rebels. Some of the village women had been
publicly raped in more than one long afternoon.

  One of Arlene's wifely duties was to cater to Ernesto's sexual fantasies.
Arlene paid close attention to detail. One of the wives in the video was dressed
almost identically to how she had clothed Ernesto that evening. Arlen had poured
through a dozen catalogs before she located a near identical dress. Ernesto had
marveled when he had stood close to the screen and compared himself to Senora
Mariposa Sanchez, wife of Colonel Sanchez. Colonel Sanchez had recently returned
from training in the United States. He had attended the School of the Americas.
His Black Hawk Helicopter Battalion had commenced a number of deadly sweeps
through rebel territory.   When by sheer luck, the rebels captured the Colonel's
wife they made an example of her. Pictures of her being raped had been
transmitted to every hard core WEB site in Latin America.

   It had been after midnight when the couple had retired to their soundproof
master suite and began their fantasy play. Arlene had forced Mariposa to remove
her dress and be manacled to an overhead rack. Arlene had hoisted her husband to
where his toes barely touched the floor. She had made a number of digital
pictures of him partially dressed. A vicious whipping that left him begging her
to stop followed.

  At the end, Arlene freed Ernesto's cock from its metal and leather prison,
handed him a beaker of her urine and ordered him to drink it while he
masturbated. Arlene took the video camera off the tripod and filmed her
lingerie-dressed husband sitting on a straight chair stroking his cock and
sipping her piss until his cock exploded. Afterwards they showered and slept.

  Over the years of their relationship, Arlene had used the Internet to acquire
what was needed to respond to Ernesto's rather bizarre needs. This year he felt
a need to be punished and humiliated in the Bolivian style. Last year, Arlene
had arranged for several beautiful transsexuals to fly to their hacienda for a
weekend of kinky sex. Because of her ability to be creative and her intuitive
sense of exactly what he needed most, Ernesto had grown to treasure Arlene and
their relationship had become a loving one.

  However, it still required a considerable amount of work and worry outside of
sex and their Arlene had also made a substantial contribution.

  Arlene finished keying the latest production figures for cocoa paste into the
spreadsheet and emailed it to an address in the capital city La Plaz.  Arlene
removed her glasses and rubbed the bridge of her nose. She stretched her
shoulders and back. Ernesto would be back soon from visiting one of the
processing factories hidden deep in the jungle and they would all have lunch.

  Ten years had passed since she and Denise had made the perilous landing at the
nearby jungle airstrip. Denise was nearby on the veranda reading a Spanish
version of a Dr. Seuss classic to five year old, Pablo. Pablo was the youngest
son of Ernesto and Arlene. The five boys of Ernesto's first wife, Kay, were well
past Dr. Seuss. The youngest of the five was twelve-year-old Adrian. The oldest,
Ernesto Junior would soon be off to Yale University.

  "Would the Senora like some coffee or tea?" asked Maria, one of the house
servants.

  "I think tea today," responded Arlene.

  Arlene looked over the grounds of the estate. Several men armed with automatic
weapons and accompanied by guard dogs patrolled inside the large stone fence.
The hacienda was truly magnificent. Constructed of local stone hewn from Andean
rock it was impressively sited on a gentle slope at the foot of an extinct
volcano. A huge satellite dish provided broadband access to the Internet along
with television. In spite of the remote location, there was every convenience.

  In the ten years, there had been six attacks by rebels. After the first one,
the one that came closest to succeeding, Arlene had insisted that she and all
members of the household be trained to use a weapon. Ernesto had been surprised
when she asked for an H&K MP5N. She had remembered it was what Kelly carried and
it was light and easy to use. Ernesto ordered her one. After he saw how
effective it was, he ordered several more. Later Arlene had arranged for an
ex-British SAS officer to consult on security and train the guards. The last two
groups of attackers had been slaughtered. Their mutilated and castrated bodies
had been returned to the rebels.

  Situated throughout the grounds were hidden entrances to the underground
bunker where the children and servants were trained to run at the first sign of
an attack. Arlene insisted on regular drills and no one wanted to anger the
Senora by not moving as quickly as possible. Early on, some of the children
realizing it was another drill had ignored the alarm. After the Senora vented
her fury, no one had the courage not to run to the nearest entrance.

  Only nineteen-year-old Ernesto Junior was allowed to arm himself and join the
other men in the defense of the compound.

  Arlene thought about how she had become a one-man woman fifty weeks of the
year. I didn't fuck anybody but Ernesto for my first eight years. Now, she had
gained everyone's trust; Arlene was permitted two one-week vacations at the
nearby resort city of Cartagena, Chile.  She checked into a luxury suite at the
city's most exclusive hotel. The hotel manager for a consideration arranged for
a succession of incredibly handsome and well-equipped young men to entertain the
senora night and day. If Ernesto knew or cared, he never mentioned it.

  Arlene suspected that Ernesto occasionally screwed one of the young girls who
worked in the cocoa factories but she let that pass.

  As the mother of his two youngest sons and only daughter, Michaela, she knew
her position was secure. Ernesto adored the three year old girl child and
spoiled her every chance he got.  He also valued Arlene's work and contribution
to the plantation. They had become very comfortable together.

  Arlee had been surprised at how well things had worked out. It was obvious
that President Candace Williams had an innate understanding of human nature. She
and Ernesto had been a good match from the start.

  President Williams understood that Arlene always had a gift for adaptation.
Just as she became the complete Pagan girl willing to do anything expected of
one, she innately understood how to act the role of the patron's Senora.
Handling servants, resolving petty disputes, and taking on the tasks expected of
the great lady of such a large plantation were roles she quickly assumed.

  Arlene handled all the record keeping for a huge enterprise that employed
thousands of farmers and factory workers. She had insisted Ernesto deposit large
sums of cash in various Swiss and Caribbean banks in case the government decided
to send the army to eradicate cocoa production. If they were ever shut down,
they would immigrate to Europe.

    Denise loved to take care of the children and had proved the perfect nanny.
She lived nearby in the compound with one of Ernesto's managers.  Her hair had
just begun to turn gray.

  I guess things did not turn out so badly thought Arlene as Maria served her
tea. It certainly is an improvement over being eaten alive by a pair of jaguars.




Chapter 43  - Vatican Visit



Please take note! Adults Only Literature

The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written for
adults only.

If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing this
file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
now.

This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
is purely coincidental, etc.

Email HarryBerg01@aol.com with your comments.

Copyright 2003

                                                             ****



  "I'm cold, Rodrigo," said Pope Paul feeling a chill seep into his aged body.

  "The thermostat reads eighty two, Your Holiness," answered Monsignor Rodrigo
DeSuiza taping the wall thermostat with his finger.

  It's already like an oven in here though Rodrigo conscious of the perspiration
that was dripping down his back.

  "Still, a slight increase might help," said Pope Paul.

  "Yes, certainly, Holy Father," said Rodrigo pushing the thermostat's setting
to its maximum setting.

  The heat never stops running so it doesn't matter decided Rodrigo. Maybe the
final audience of the day will improve the Holy Father's spirits. He had been
somewhat despondent lately. Monsignor Rodrigo had noticed that His Holiness was
often more animated in the presence of pretty girls and women.  That only proves
the Holy Father is human decided Rodrigo. Years ago, when Monsignor Rodrigo had
first been appointed his Holiness's appointments secretary; he noted how Pope
Paul's eye's gleamed when he had a particularly attractive female visitor. The
Holy Father is something of a flirt concluded Monsignor Rodrigo mindful that the
sick and ailing pontiff was capable of nothing more than smiling at a female.

  Still this visitor may brighten his spirits decided the Monsignor. When
moments before, he had first met Senator Williams, he had been astounded at her
youthful looks and beauty. The briefing that his staff had prepared stated her
age as thirty-seven but there was not a wrinkle in her face and she radiated the
energy and vigor of a twenty year old. Her skirt was a little short for the
Vatican but His Holiness won't mind concluded Rodrigo recalling the Senator's
long perfectly shaped dancer's legs. Senator William's blonde hair was covered
with a lace mantilla and that was really the only dress requirement for
individuals granted a private audience with the eighty seven year old pontiff.

  "Cardinal Wallace believes she will become the first female President," said
the Pope.

  "Yes, and she's a good Catholic," responded Rodrigo.

  "But not the first Catholic President, Kennedy was Catholic but they killed
him," said the Pope.

  "Oswald," said Rodrigo.

  "Yes, Oswald, a Protestant and a Communist," said the Pope. "She looks young
to have achieved such a high position."

  "Remarkably young looking for thirty seven," said Rodrigo.

  "And she has a child," said the Pope focusing his failing eyes on the picture
of Candace Williams with her husband and daughter.

  "Yes, a girl, her priest says her husband is a devout Catholic also. They have
contributed large sums to the parish and the diocese."

  "But only one child, a daughter," said the Pope.

  "The report says that for medical reasons she could only have one child," said
Monsignor Rodrigo all the while wishing the Pontiff would hurry and give the
word to usher in the Senator. It was getting late and Monsignor Rodrigo was
anxious to leave the Vatican and meet Father Xavier for their final dinner
before the young priest departed for his new assignment as Parish Priest of St.
Vincent's, a large Catholic parish on the outskirts of Buffalo, New York. It was
through the efforts of Monsignor Rodrigo that such a young and inexperienced
priest as Father Xavier was able to secure such an important posting.

  Monsignor Rodrigo would miss the young priest terribly. He felt warmth in his
groin as he recalled the pleasure that Xavier's mouth provided him when they
managed to slip away and spend the night together outside of Vatican City.
Monsignor Rodrigo's body involuntarily experienced the sensations of their last
meeting. It had begun as always at the little cafe near the Piazza del Popolo.
They had visited the nearby church of San Maria del Popolo and inspected the
paintings by Caravaggio of the Conversion of St. Paul and the Crucifixion of St.
Peter. Afterwards, they had gone to an apartment loaned by a friend. They had
slowly undressed one another exchanging kisses, and sucking on each other's
nipples. At the end, Father Rodrigo had impaled the younger priest with his cock
and sodomised him until at last his cock erupted and his semen filled Father
Xavier's anus. Afterwards they had slept in each other's arms.

  The memory and its pleasure were so vivid as he recalled the intensity of his
orgasm that Rodrigo sounded a low moan.

  "Did you say something, Rodrigo?" said the Pope looking toward his assistant
with a puzzled expression.

  "No, nothing Holy Father, just perhaps a sigh," answered Monsignor Rodrigo
coming instantly aware of the inappropriateness of his thoughts and the
astonishing physical fact that his briefs were filled with ejaculate.  Rodrigo
was astounded at his own orgasm. That Rodrigo had day dreamed his way to orgasm
struck him as not only a first but perhaps impossible. Monsignor Rodrigo was
thirty-six years old, well past the age of autoeroticism. But the monsignor had
no time to contemplate the strange phenomena.

  "I will see Senator Williams now," announced the Pope.

  "Of course, Your Holiness," said Rodrigo rising quickly and hurrying to the
restroom to clean himself. He was surprised at the quantity of semen coating the
crotch of his underwear. He cleaned it as best he could then hurried to the
alcove where the Senator was waiting.

  "His Holiness will see you now, Senator," said Monsignor Rodrigo arriving in
front of Candace breathing rapidly.

  "Thank you, Monsignor Rodrigo, This is a great honor," responded Candace in
flawless Italian. Earlier Monsignor Rodrigo had spoken English to the Senator
assuming like most Americans, she had only one language, American English.

  "You speak beautiful Italian," said a surprised Monsignor Rodrigo.

  "Thank you, we can speak Brazilian Portuguese if you like," said Candace
speaking in Monsignor Rodrigo's native tongue.

  "The Senator is a linguist. I was not aware of that," said Father Rodrigo in
genuine admiration and making a note to reprimand his staff for not informing
him of the Senator's linguistic capabilities. Strange she knew I am from Sao
Paulo thought Rodrigo.

  "I know just a few words. Before we go in, allow me to thank you for your
assistance in having Father Xavier assigned to St. Vincent's. Although he is
young, he will make an excellent shepherd to the faithful of that parish."

  "I was glad to help. But I was not aware that Father Xavier knew anyone in
America, let alone a United States Senator."

  "We are family friends. Father Xavier has told me of how you and he have
become more than friends and what pleasure he has taken in the relationship. He
speaks of you highly and thinks you will wear a Cardinal's hat before long,"
said Candace placing her hand on the back of Monsignor Rodrigo's. Instantly, the
Monsignor felt a wave of sexual pleasure engulf his person. What in the name of
God is happening to me though the Monsignor? I must get control over myself.

  "He is a good friend," was all Father Rodrigo could manage. His mind was in
turmoil. Senator Candace Williams was neither the first important politician to
visit the Vatican nor the first important female. Over the years many female
heads of state had visited. But this was different. Somehow she not only knew
Father Xavier but she had just hinted that she knew the Father and he were
lovers. She also knew that he had intervened in the selection of St. Vincent's
new priest. That was impossible. No one knew outside of the Vatican and only two
others within it.

  "This way, Senator," said Father Rodrigo desperate to end the conversation
before Senator Williams revealed that she knew even more about his illicit
relationship with the young priest.

  Pope Paul looked up as Monsignor Rodrigo ushered in his visitor. The Pope's
audience room was a narrow rectangular room with the doorway at one end and the
papal throne at the other. Clement V commissioned the construction of the room
in 1458. Later Augustine II had commissioned various Renaissance painters to
provide appropriate art related to the life of the first bishop of Rome, St.
Peter. A wall size painting of St. Peter walking on water toward Christ adorned
the wall behind the papal throne. Notably missing among the paintings was the
moment where Peter denied Jesus three times to the Roman authorities.

  Do to the sight and hearing difficulty of the Holy Father visitors were seated
quite close to the Pope and on his left side where his hearing was better.

  Pope Paul blinked twice and almost cried out when he saw that his visitor was
not the Senator from the United States but Katja Cedowicz, a girl he had known
and even loved in a small village outside of Lodz, his first posting after he
was ordained.

  "Katja, is that you?" the Pontiff wanted to cry out but hesitated. My mind is
playing tricks thought His Holiness. Katja was dead, executed by the Germans
during the war. She had joined the partisans and been arrested by the Gestapo.
They had tortured her for five days before she revealed the names of others in
her partisan band. After that they shot her.

  It cannot be Katja realized His Holiness. She is as young and beautiful as the
day we first made love in the old abandoned mill. She gave herself to me and I
committed the mortal sins of adultery and breaking my priestly vows.

  Yet it is her, cold black hair, large luminous brown eyes, soft lips and round
firm breasts, His Holiness recalled how he became fascinated with the dark skin
that surrounded her nipples. He suckled those nipples as he mounted and rode her
until he spilled his seed into that warm seductive tunnel between her legs.

  "This is Senator Candace Williams," said Monsignor Rodrigo presenting Candace.

  "The next President of the United States," said the Pontiff smiling at the
beautiful blonde Senator who appeared before him.

  "So I have your vote, Holy Father?" said Candace smiling and kneeling to kiss
the Ring of St. Peter.

  "Most certainly, we will move the Vatican to New York so we can all vote for
you, see to it, Monsignor," said the Pontiff.

  "As you wish, your eminence," said Rodrigo. "I will leave you in private."

  "Sit close Candace, " said the Pontiff marveling at the beauty of the
Senator's long perfectly shaped legs. Candace with one hand effortlessly moved
the heavy chair to where it was within inches of the Pope then sat down allowing
her skirt to ride up to the top of her thighs.

  She must be incredibly strong thought the Monsignor. That chair was mahogany
filigreed and inlaid with gold and ivory. It must weight two hundred kilograms.
It's all I can do to drag it a few inches and I am twice her size.

 Given the Pope's age and health, a private audience was not exactly private.
Monsignor Rodrigo discreetly walked to the other end of the room where a desk
was hidden behind a small wooden screen. He would wait at the desk until the
Pope pressed a button by his throne, signaling that the audience had ended.

  When the Pope turned to Candace after Rodrigo had disappeared behind the
screen he saw that Candace was once again become Katja. He tried to rise and
flee but a woman's hand restrained him.

  "Don't leave me, Dobry, it's been such a while since we talked," said a voice
that the Pope recognized as Katja's. She was speaking Polish and calling him by
his given name. It had been so very long since anyone had called him that.

  "Katja?" said the Pope.

  "Yes, your Katja."

  The Pontiff felt her hand touch his thigh and his body was flooded with warmth
he hadn't experienced in decades. He felt a stirring in his groin that had been
absent for almost as long.

  "Remember the time, you took me to the mill, you told me you loved me," said
Katja.

  "I had to have you, you were so beautiful," said the Pope recalling how he had
been transfixed by her innocent beauty and purity.

  "You said we would always be together. You said that if I gave myself to you
that you would never leave. You wanted me to touch you there," said Katja
pushing her hand under the Pontiff's robe bypassing his undergarments.

  "It was a sin. I was a young priest, still weak in my faith and unable to
withstand the temptation of the flesh," said the Holy Father closing his eyes
unable to protest as the warm soft hand reached his groin and gently touched his
penis. The Pope's eyes flickered when her touch aroused him and he felt his cock
respond.

  "You wanted me to touch you and I did," said Katja. "You said it wasn't a sin.
I was an innocent peasant girl and a virgin unknowing in the ways of the world.
So I did as my priest asked."

  "It was sinful. You should not have allowed me to do those things," said the
Pope starting to breathe more rapidly as Katja's hand came in direct contact
with his flesh.

  "But it feels so wonderful, doesn't it. Relax Dobry and recall how you asked
to see me without my clothes. Then you told me to lay down on the straw and you
laid on top of me."

  "Yes, I recall. It was wrong but I couldn't resist you were so beautiful."

  "And you had to have me even if it meant destroying my innocence, making me an
outcast among my people."

  "Yes," said the Pope breathing heavily as he become erect, responding to the
warm soft hand that was slowly traveling the length of his now hard cock.

  "And after I touched and stroked your manhood until it was as firm as the hard
stone floor underneath us, you rolled over on top of me and took my maidenhood.
You put your hand over my mouth so I wouldn't cry out. Do you remember my virgin
blood spilling out coating my thighs, mixing with your semen?"

  Yes, oh yes, I remember now. It was glorious," said the Pope his eyes now
closed breathing in time to the hand that was gliding back and forth the length
of his cock. The hand paused at the bottom the fingers caressing his testicles
then resumed the stroking until at last the Pontiff ejaculated into the palm.

  "And do you remember how after many meetings at that mill I told you I was
pregnant?" said Katja.

  "Yes, you were with child."

  "And I begged you to leave the priesthood. You refused saying you were called
to serve God and that I had seduced you.  You took me to that Jewish doctor in
Lodz and he stuck instruments in my womb to kill our son."

  "I don't want to remember that. It was too long ago. I have served God
faithfully and been his servant. He has forgiven me."

  "Holy Father I bring you greetings from my Master in Hell. Katja and your son
are there with him and they await you to join them in internal damnation," said
a voice that the Pope recognized as belonging to Senator Williams.  She was now
speaking in Latin, the language of the church.

  When he opened his eyes, he saw that the Senator was licking his semen from
the palm of her hand.

  "Your holiness's cum tastes like any man's," said Candace speaking Latin.

  "You are the anti-Christ," whispered the terrified Pontiff.

  "I serve the Lord of the Underworld. He looks forward to your arrival. Not
confessing to such mortal sins makes a mockery of your life. Satan considers you
his own," spoke Candace leaning forward to where her face was only inches from
the Pope's. Then she leaned ever further forward and kissed him on the lips,
pushing her tongue coated with his semen into his mouth intertwining it with his
tongue.

  Monsignor Rodrigo was startled to feel a hand touch his shoulder. He whirled
quickly around to face Senator Williams.

  "The Holy Father has taken ill. I will see myself out," said Senator Williams.

  Rodrigo looked toward the papal throne and saw that the Pope was leaning over
to one side of the throne with his eyes closed. He got up immediately and
hurried to the Pope.

  Later in the papal apartment, Monsignor Rodrigo knelt, praying by the Pope's
bed, rosary in hand. The doctors were in agreement that it would be only a
matter of hours at most before the Supreme Pontiff of the Roman Catholic Church
expired. The room was filled with the sound of his heavily labored breathing.

  Monsignor Rodrigo looked affectionately at the frail aged hand lying on top of
the coverlet. Something not quite right caught his eye. At first he thought his
eyes had deceived him but then he stood up leaned over and took the Pope's hand
staring hard at the Ring of St. Peter. It was covered in dried, milky white
sputum and the sputum had tarnished the 18 cart gold ring. The large ruby in the
center of the ring was cracked.

  "Impossible," observed Monsignor Rodrigo removing a white handkerchief from
his pocket, wetting it and wiping off St. Peter's ring.




Chapter 44  - Voodoo Mile High Orgy



Please take note! Adults Only Literature

The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written for
adults only.

If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing this
file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
now.

This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
is purely coincidental, etc.

Email HarryBerg01@aol.com with your comments.

Copyright 2003

                                                             ****



   This is beyond the call of duty though Dan as he took another long lick
traversing the deep fold between Queen Naomi's inner and outer labia. His tongue
swirled around the thick knob of flesh that had extended itself over her gaping
vagina. Queen Naomi responded with an appreciative grunt.

  "That's right, Mister Dan, you suck old Queen Naomi's clit and she'll give you
a charm that will make your cock hard as a rock even after you've been busting
cherries all day," breathed Queen Naomi.

  "Dan has a very talented tongue," said an unseen Candace from the other side
of the bed.

  Dan felt the huge body quiver as his tongue swirled wet circles around her
clit. The degree to which the Queen's clit and labia had become engorged
surprised Dan. Her clit's sticking out like a pecker said Dan to himself as he
took the projecting flesh between his lips and gently sucked it.

   The rhythmic vibration of the mattress told Dan that Candace was fucking the
shit out of Prince Freddie, Queen Naomi's consort.  Dan was on his belly in the
V formed by the Queen's widely spread legs giving Queen Naomi the kind of
quality head he normally reserved for the young girls that lived on their
estate.

  Dan felt like his head and body were in a deep ravine with Queen Naomi's
enormous thighs providing the canyon walls. Her pudgy ring covered fingers held
her labia apart so Dan could focus his tongue where it did the most good. Dan
had no idea how old the Queen was but she definitely wasn't young, in her
fifties or sixties, maybe older. But she still liked a good fuck and reacted
like a much younger women.

  There was a clear sticky fluid slowly seeping out of her vagina. Dan had
marveled at the rate and quantity of seepage.  When its aroma reached his nasal
passages, it acted as a pheromone and he moved quickly to bring his mouth in
contact with it. His face was wet from ear to ear. He continually lapped at her
seeping hole desperate to take in as much as possible. Wettest pussy I've ever
eaten thought Dan aware that his mind and body were extremely aroused.

  My partner may be heavy as a dray horse; but I'm hard as a rock though Dan
feeling his fully erect cock lying under him. I'm going to fuck the Queen like
there is no tomorrow once I get her off with my mouth. I've never seen so much
pussy fluid. And it just keeps coming like a mountain stream. Dan took a long
slow lick of the bottom portion of the Queen's vagina and came away with a
mouthful of her glandular product. He played the sticky fluid across his taste
buds then swallowed.

  "That's right, Mister Dan, you swallow the Queen's love juice and you'll never
get old," said the Queen. Dan was surprised she knew what he was doing since he
was out of her line of sight.

  Dan had certainly been ingesting the Queen's glandular secretions. The thought
came to mind of the royal jelly provided to the queen bee that kept her alive
far longer than the normal bee's lifespan. After all the royal jelly I've
consumed I may live forever thought Dan.

  Dan's had been sweeping up dollops with the tip of his tongue then passing
them around and over his taste buds before swallowing. My God this is what I
call eating pussy thought Dan as he worked to extract more of her nectar. He
used the side of his thumb to flick back and forth across the Queen's clit. He
found he was syncopating with the sound of the drums coming from up forward.

 Dan wondered if all Voodoo queens were on the same scale as Queen Naomi. At
least three hundred pounds estimated Dan when he'd watched earlier as she
climbed the stairs to the door of the luxury Boeing 757 that Candace had leased
for her campaign.

  This was to be a special trip to establish Candace's campaign for President in
the caucus state of Iowa. Normally, Dan usually stayed out of Candace's
electoral efforts only participating when she asked. He preferred to stay
focused on his position as CFO of the Raytheon Corporation. He was being groomed
for the CEO position. But Candace had requested he make the Iowa trip.

  "Briana will lose her virginity in a ceremony the night we arrive," said
Candace. She and Dan were in bed at their Lynnfield estate. Candace had just
looked up from sucking Dan's cock. She had a way of looking him in the eye as
she swirled her tongue around his cockhead that drove him crazy. He had once
told her, "You don't have to suck the cum out of me, it rushes out to meet you."
After all these years of S&M, bizarre fetish play, and young willing girls and
boys, there was no question in his mind his wife was the hottest fuck of all.

  Dan occasionally thought back to those early days when sex was a once a month
event with a wife that made a point of communicating that she didn't enjoy it.
The change had been overnight and profound. In the back of his mind, he knew the
reason but he didn't want to admit it. Why fuck up a good thing by questioning
it decided Dan.

  "Good, her hormones are out of control, she's driving everyone crazy,
especially me. She gives excellent head by the way," said Dan wondering whether
his daughter Briana would be as incredible a fuck as her mother.

  "Something she inherited from her mother," said Candace before passing her
tongue over Dan's cockhead while looking him directly in the eye. She teased his
piss hole with the tip of her tongue then dived down to stick that pointed
tongue inside his asshole.

  "Yes, but not quite as good as Mom at least not yet. Who's going to do the
honors and spill her virgin blood?" asked Dan before he let out a long hiss of
air in response to Candace's slipping her index finger in his rectum.

  "A very special being that I can't tell you about. But you will get to watch.
Afterwards, you can have sloppy seconds," said Candace. "But you may be too
tired. I plan on you getting fucked to the point that you need eight hours sleep
and four bowls of Wheaties to recover."

  Dan recalled the conversation as Candace told him they were being joined by a
group of Haitians and that his oral services were required. 

  "As a favor to me," said Candace after she made her request that Dan have sex
with the enormous black woman. "And of course, you can have any of the young
priestess afterwards. They're all very beautiful."

  "Maybe I can get into fatties. Some guys are. They say they keep you warm at
night," said Dan laughing. Actually, he wasn't finding the idea of sex with
Queen Naomi all that uninviting. He'd had an endless supply of young attractive
females during the last decade. The bizarreness of sex with the corpulent voodoo
queen appealed to his desire for the exotic. Something he had been satisfying
lately with groups of girls, transsexuals and young males.

  "Things are going to get pretty wild on the trip to Des Moines. We're going to
have an orgy on the plane," said Candace as they watched the Haitian airliner
taxi toward them. Candace, Dan, and Briana were standing at the top of the
stairs awaiting the arrival of the Queen and her entourage.

  "I can't wait to get to Des Moines. What time is the ceremony?" said Briana.

  "Tonight at midnight," said Candace.

  "Our little girl is going to lose her virginity," said Dan. "Are you excited,
Briana?"

  "Yes, I just wish it was going to be you," said Briana.

  "That's not your destiny, Briana," said Candace.

  "I know, mother. But I still wish daddy could be first. Will my first be
strong and have a huge cock like Daddy?"

  "Yes, very powerful, and you will go on a journey in another life that will be
something only the very select have ever experienced," said Candace. "Now no
more questions. There'll be a surprise for both of you. Go see to Lt. Claiborne
and Sgt. Lasker. They could use some company."

   "Dan, you've been a wonderful father to Briana," said Candace after Briana
had left.

   "Is she excited about being deflowered during a voodoo ceremony? I hope she
doesn't get stage fright with everyone watching," said Dan.

  "It's not a traditional voodoo ceremony. This one is unique. And actually,
everyone's going to be too occupied to watch Briana."

  "What about me?"

  "A very special surprise is planned for my wonderful husband. This will blow
your socks off," said Candace.

  "What is it?"

  "If I tell you it won't be a surprise," said Candace. "Can I count on you to
go down on the Queen while I fuck Prince Freddie?"

   "Of course, I'll fuck her brains out. I'll ring her bell like I was the
Hunchback of Notre Dame." 

  "Great, I knew I could count on you," said Candace leaning over to kiss Dan.

  The Queen and her consort, Prince Freddie, had arrived after dark on a smaller
jet straight from Port au Prince. Both planes had been parked on a remote part
of the tarmac at Hanscomb Field. Dan had watched through the plane's window as
Rhonda and her Amazon security team moved a number of trucks in place to shield
the two planes from onlookers.

  At least twenty Amazons in full battle dress had stood by while nine large
boxes and one very large box were moved from the cargo bay of the smaller jet to
that of the Boeing. Based on the way the boxes were handled by forklifts, Dan
could tell they were heavy especially the one very large box.

  After the cargo was loaded, the Queen and her entourage boarded. Dan and
Candace had greeted them at the top of the stairway. There were a good dozen
younger priests and priestesses. Dan found himself fantasizing how it would feel
to have one of the more beautiful priestesses restrained in his basement dungeon
in Lynnfield. He would hang her naked body by her wrists. First he would burn
her breasts with a red-hot iron. Then in a prolonged whipping session he would
slowly layer by layer peel off her flesh while she screamed. Bernice Creswell
would help him torture the girl's breast and pussy until the priestess was
driven mad.

  Besides the Haitians, the big Boeing 757 wide body contained Candace's
election staff plus several other special guests.

  Dan's meeting for the first time with Sergeant Wendell Lasker and Lieutenant
Oliver Claiborne had been awkward. Lt. Claiborne had no hands to shake and Dan
had almost winced when he grasped the lobster claw hand of Sgt. Lasker. He's
incredibly strong thought Dan looking at the horribly disfigured body. Briana
had already taken his shirt off and was busily running her hands over the
horribly scarred flesh. She seemed fascinated by the rough scars and wide swaths
of discolored flesh.

  "The Sergeant says he is very pleased to meet the Senator's husband," said Lt.
Oliver translating the odd guttural sounds that the Sergeant had made when they
was introduced.

  My God the Sergeant is a nightmare on legs though Dan when the two boarded at
a private airport near Reston, VA. The armless and legless Lieutenant had been
carried on board by the Sergeant who was grotesque to the point that he could
star in a gross-out horror movie without make-up or special effects. Dan had
been astounded that Briana, along with Anna Estelle and Maria Consuela had
greeted the two without a hint of reservation. They had hugged the Sergeant and
kissed him on cheek. You would have thought they would take one good look at the
Sergeant and run in the other direction thought Dan.

  There were several private sleeping cabins in the rear of the 757. The main
cabin with seats was forward. Briana showed the two disabled veterans to one of
the sleeping cabins. Later, when Dan passed the cabin door he glanced in to see
his fifteen-year-old daughter in the Sergeant's lap. Her arms were around the
Sergeant's neck and they were making out. She was working her tongue into the
small round hole that served as the Sergeant's mouth as he slipped what served
as a hand inside her blouse to feel her young breasts. Anna Estelle and Maria
Consuela were giving Lt. Claiborne a tandem blowjob. Over the years, the two had
perfected their technique for mouth working a guy's asshole open while deep
throating his cock. Countless times Dan had lain there while the two girls had
got him off their fingers jointly massaging his prostrate to extract every last
drop of semen.

  The orgy started shortly after the plane took off. The hypnotic beat of voodoo
drums began to fill the cabin. Bottles of rum were passed around. Young Haitians
began slowly dancing in the aisles of the forward cabin. The Amazons and other
members of the Committee to Elect Williams President team soon joined them.
Clothes began to come off as the dancing picked up in intensity. Couples,
threesomes and foursomes formed.

  Dan and Candace escorted Queen Naomi and Prince Freddie to the executive
cabin. Candace was speaking Haitian French to the two. Prince Freddie stooped
over when he walked. Dan had guessed his height at close to seven feet. Dan was
6'2" and he recognized that Prince Freddie was almost a foot taller when they
were standing at the top of the stairs together. Prince Freddie was thin to the
point of being skeletal in marked contrast to his Queen.

  Queen Naomi must eat all the food causing Prince Freddie to starve decided Dan
as the foursome headed back to the luxurious bedroom suite at the rear of the
plane.

  Dan was eating Haitian pussy when he felt his ass cheeks being parted and a
warm lubricant sprayed on his sphincter. Candace's hand reached under him and
pulled his rigid cock straight downward He widened his legs as he felt a warm
mouth engulf his balls while another pair of lips formed a seal around his cock.
The cocksucker slowly moved to take it deep into a warm throat he recognized as
his wife's. Prince Freddie and Candace had decided to engage in a little ass
play with him. Dan relaxed his butt cheeks to ease their access.

  Dan moaned as first one finger then another different finger forced his rear
passage. A long finger that Dan assumed was Prince Freddie's pushed deep inside
to find and stroke his prostate.

  When Dan raised his head to look back he saw that Candace was lying on her
stomach between his legs. Her mouth was wrapped around his cock head and one
hand was stretched forward with its index finger penetrating his asshole. Prince
Freddie was mounted on Candace's rear, his cock embedded in her ass. His body
length allowed him to suck Dan's balls while finger fucking his asshole. Dan
returned to the task of eating Queen Naomi as his cock and asshole experienced
waves of erotic feelings.

  Dan moaned and writhed with pleasure each time they changed positions. Candace
took over eating Queen Naomi's pussy while Dan straddled her enormous head
slowly face fucking her mouth. At some point, Queen Naomi signaled she was ready
to be penetrated. Dan mounted her and began to pound his cock into her hole,
grinding his pubic mound against her clit all the while kneading her enormous
breasts with his hands.

  Dan was surprised that the thick folds of fat flesh that hung from her thighs
did not put him off. He found himself running his hands along the many seams and
creases of the Queen's body, even passing his tongue along the deepest parts of
the cellulite crevasses.

    At some point the Queen experienced an orgasm that caused her to hug Dan to
her body almost smothering him. After her orgasm, the Queen closed her eyes for
a rest. Candace and Prince Freddie returned to straight intercourse, changing
positions every few minutes. Dan flooded the Queen's cunt with his semen then
caught his breath watching his wife fuck Freddie.

  Dan observed that the two of them were fucking like two untamed animals. It
was as if two great cats of the jungle were engaged in sex. The action was
incredibly savage as they rolled around the large bed, thrusting their
perspiring bodies together. Prince Freddie switched his long thin cock between
all three of Candace's holes.

  It's war not sex thought Dan observing their pairing. Candace was on top now.
Her asshole sliding up and down Prince Freddie's cock. The anal tissue clutched
at the brown cock as it emerged from Candace's rectum. Candace's nipples were
wrapped in Prince Freddie's long delicate fingers. It isn't sex, its rape but I
can't tell who's raping who realized Dan.

   Dan decided to go see what was happing forward. He knew that Bernice
Creswell, his partner, in the S&M world, had something special planned for any
submissives that would be on board.

  Outside the master cabin, Dan could hear the voodoo drums beating ever faster.
Leaving his wife and Prince Freddie to their act of sexual savagery, Dan
wondered into the aisle.

  In the adjoining cabin, Briana was seated naked with Lt. Claiborne's torso in
her lap. The Lieutenant was also naked and Briana was slowly stroking his hard
cock, occasionally leaning down to take it in her mouth. The Lieutenant kept
turning his head to take one of Briana's nipples in his mouth and suck it.
Briana and her lap partner were watching Anna Estelle and Maria Consuela force
one of the voodoo priestesses to slowly lower her body down on Sergeant Lasker's
giant misshapen cock.

  Dan was intrigued by the tableau of the beautiful girl impaled on the
disfigured Sergeant. The dark skinned priestess looked terrified. She was
covered in perspiration and whimpering as the two former nuns pushed her down
driving that column of fire hardened flesh into her most sensitive parts. Dan
sensing her terror and pain felt his cock harden.

  God that's the biggest, meanest looking cock I've ever seen. John Holmes got
nothing on the Sergeant marveled Dan as he watched. That's a fucking weapon not
a penis. The priestess thighs were coated with her own ruby red blood.

  The girl was wide eyed and kept repeating 'No, Please No," over and over again
in French. Dan could tell from the look on her face she was in agony. Maria
Consuela and Anna Estelle were laughing and having a good time torturing the
priestess. The pressure of the Sergeant's mighty tool was crushing her organs,
expanding her birth canal far beyond what was normal.

  "Oh quit whining, Claudine, you said you could take it," said Maria Consuela
throwing her legs over the tops of the whimpering girls shoulders. Maria
Consuela quickly wrapped her arms around Claudine's head and pulled her own body
weight upward and onto the girl's shoulders. The added weight of Maria
Consuela's body forced Claudine rapidly downward until her buttocks landed with
a plop on the Sergeant's hard muscular thighs. The act was so vicious that even
a hardened sadist like Dan winced in sympathy.

  Claudine opened her mouth to scream but what came forth was more of a chortle.
Her eyes rolled up in her head showing all white then she pitched forward
unconsciousness onto the Sergeant's chest.

  "Worthless bitch," said Maria Consuela rolling Claudine off onto the floor.
Claudine's hands automatically traveled to her blood soaked crotch. Claudine's
body lay twitching on the deck.

  "I'll go get another one," said Anna Estelle jumping up and leaving.

  Dan walked over and sat down by Briana and Lieutenant Claiborne.

  "The Lieutenant is going to get more than a hand job when we fly back," said
Briana to her father. She had stopped for a moment to apply K-Y Warming Jell to
the Lieutenant's erect cock then resumed stroking it.

  "You girls seem to be enjoying yourselves," said Dan.

  "Yes, it's wild. Did you see the Sergeant split her open? I thought his cock
was going to come out her mouth," said Briana indicating the prone Claudine by
kicking her in the ribs. Claudine responded with an unconscious moan.

  "It was something. I've never seen a cock that big," said Dan.

  "And the Sergeant's such a good kisser. I got wet the minute I stuck my tongue
in his mouth. His tongue is mostly gone but the part that's left is hard and
strong," said Briana.

  "I got another one for the Sergeant, meet Sergeant Lasker, Veronique," yelled
Anna Estelle dragging a screaming voodoo priestess into the cabin by her hair.

  The girl took one look at the Sergeant's still hard cock and bolted for the
door. She forgot that Anna Estelle's strong hand was still intertwined in her
long black tresses. Veronique's head jerked violently and her feet went out from
under her. Maria Consuela grabbed one on Veronique's legs and Anna Estelle the
other. They lifted the screaming girl high into the air. Maria Consuela grabbed
the Sergeant's cock in one hand and guided it into Veronique's vagina that was
dripping cum from two previous fucks when she had been sent into the cockpit to
service the flight crew.

  As the head of the Sergeant's cock brutally wedged open her vagina, Veronique
grimaced in pain then kicked her legs wildly. Her well-lubricated cunt swallowed
a good eight inches of monster cock before it stopped from friction. Veronique
let out a howl of pain and reached down to grab the Sergeant's cock to prevent
its further penetration.

  "Play fair, Veronique," said Anna Estelle slapping the girl's face and pulling
her hands away. Maria Consuela placed her hands on the tops of Veronique's
shoulders and pushed downward. Rivulets of bright red blood coursed down
Veronique's chocolate thighs.

  "Enjoy," said Dan deciding to leave the girls to their fun. As he exited the
cabin, Veronique began to scream and curse in French causing the others to
laugh.

  Dan moved forward down the aisle stepping over naked bodies copulating with
whomever was in reach. He passed by Rhonda and several of her Amazons engaged in
oral sex with the other passengers. Rhonda's face was buried between the thighs
of one of the young interns who worked in the Senator's Washington office. There
was another intern lying on the floor with her face underneath the crouching
Rhonda. The sounds of lesbians slurping their tongues over wet pussies permeated
the main cabin. Two coal black Haitians at the front of the main cabin
maintained the constant beat of the voodoo drums.

  When Dan reached the very front of the cabin, he found Bernice Creswell
engaged in her favorite pastime. There were two naked females restrained in
their seats by wide nylon straps. One was a young Haitian girl and the other was
Trudy Knox, Candace's chief of staff for her Senate office.

  You know Trudy," said Bernice. "And this is Adelaide, one of Queen Naomi's
priestesses. Say hello to Dan, girls."

  The women glanced nervously at Dan. An O-ring gag in their mouth prevented
them from speaking. Both females were perspiring heavily and somewhat wild eyed
with pain.

  "Having fun, Trudy," said Dan stepping directly in front of the fifty year old
female who ran Candace's office with unheard of efficiency. Dan was surprised
that Trudy had allowed Bernice to place her in what must be an agonizingly
uncomfortable position. The soles of Trudy's feet were pointed directly at the
cabin ceiling. Her arms were tightly restrained to the armrests. Trudy's butt
was on the seat but her legs had been drawn straight upward and three two inch
bands of blue nylon were wrapped around the seat back completely immobilizing
her.  Dan's back almost ached in sympathy as he observed how Trudy was bent like
a hairpin.

  Adelaide, a tantalizingly beautiful Negress was in the same uncomfortable
situation. Both women were taking short quick breaths trying to control the pain
to their hip joints.

  "Where did you get these, Bernice?" said Dan referring to the odd looking
clamps that were attached to Trudy and Adelaide's nipples.

  "Master Conroy sold them to me. He bought them on his last trip to Croatia. It
pulls the nipple and part of the areola into a metal cylinder then the cylinder
compresses. There are holes along the sides of the cylinder that you can push a
pin through. Here try one," said Bernice handing Dan something that resembled a
ladies hatpin.

  "Hang on, Trudy," said Dan as he placed the pin in the hole and pushed. A
small spurt of blood seeped back out the hole. That reminded Dan of what Bernice
always said about nipple clamps. "If there's no blood, you're not doing it
right."

  Trudy squirmed around when Dan failed to line up the hatpin with the hole on
the other side of the cylinder. He had to reposition the pin until it matched
the other hole.

  "Takes a few tries to get it right. But Trudy doesn't mind, do you?' said
Bernice. Trudy was making unintelligible sounds through her O-ring gag.

  "Looks like the state-of-the-art in nipple torture," said Dan.

  "Here, do Adelaide and I'll finish Trudy, eight in each knocker," said Bernice
handing Dan a handful of hatpins.

  "The tit cinch at the base, is that from Master Conroy also?" said Dan. He was
referring to the metal bands at the base of the females' breasts. The metal band
had contracted forcing the breast into a balloon shape. Large red veins and
arteries were clearly visible in the dark red flesh.

  "Yes, the man's a genius when it comes to TT. You turn this little knob and
the circle gets smaller and the boob gets bigger and harder," said Bernice
turning a small knob that caused the metal band to constrict on Trudy's left
breast.

  "Nice," said Dan placing his hand on Trudy's painfully swollen breast. The
surface felt extremely tight, like the surface of a balloon about to pop. Dan
flicked the side of her breast with his thumbnail. Trudy writhed in pain.

  "He makes an attachment you can use to hang them up by their tits but the
airplane ceiling's too low for that," said Bernice.

  "When we get back to Boston, you can show me," said Dan who particularly liked
to see females hung up by their breasts.

  "You're on. I know of a couple of young femmes I'm dying to get into my
dungeon," said Bernice.

  "Watch Adelaide, don't look away," said Dan forcing the girl to watch as he
pushed a hatpin through the side of her nipple and out the other side.
Adelaide's whimpers of pain caused Dan's cock to stir.  Dan licked the drops of
blood off his fingers reveling in its iron flavor.

  "Adelaide, I bet that does hurt," said Dan looking into the girl's eyes in
hopes of seeing true human suffering. The eyes are truly the windows of the soul
when it comes to pain thought Dan as he detected her agony and more importantly
her helplessness to prevent it.

  "Now, let's give their holes something to think about," said Bernice handing
Dan two one foot long aluminum batons. One of the batons was thinner than the
other though of the same length. There was a grooved metal bulb on one end and a
circular knob on the other.

  "What are these?" asked Dan.

  "They're a modern version of what were called Pears in medieval torture
chambers. The originals contained sharp spikes and were used to execute
prisoners provided you wanted them to take several days to die an agonizing
death. These have been modified for S&M play," said Bernice.

  "How do they work?"

  "You slip the small one up their ass then turn the knob on the end and the
pear expands like so," said Bernice twisting the knob to cause the bulb end to
open like a rose bud coming into full bloom. "The larger one is for their cunt.
Here's some lube. We don't want to be savages."

  Dan applied the lube to Adelaide's anus, slipping his fingers inside. He felt
her rectal muscles attempt to first expel the intruders then accept them and
even apply some pressure.

  "I'm getting the impression that Adelaide likes it up her ass," said Dan.

  "Good, she'll enjoy the pear," said Bernice working the well-lubricated bulb
inside Trudy's asshole until the anal ring relaxed and the bulb disappeared
inside. "Put it just inside their hole. That's where all the muscles are that
keep your butthole shut."

  "Now how many turns?" asked Dan placing his fingers on the knob ready to
twist?

  "You know how many," replied Bernice.

  Dan knew what Bernice meant. You turned it until you got the desired reaction
from the submissive. Dan experienced a feeling of satisfaction as Adelaide's
initial grunts turned to whimpers and then squeals as he spun the knob.

  "Marvelous," said Dan looking at Adelaide widely expanded sphincter. Adelaide
was grunting from the pain of her rectal muscles that were involuntarily
attempting to expel the intruder.

  "And it takes a while for their hole to close afterwards so you can have some
fun putting other things in their cavities, perhaps a gerbil," said Bernice
laughing.

  "You look to be enjoying that so much, Adelaide, I'll pear your other hole,"
said Dan lubricating Adelaide's vagina.

  "Don't they look deliciously uncomfortable," said Bernice after she and Dan
had finished. The pear in Adelaide's cunt had expanded to the size of a soft
ball.

  "How would you characterize the pain?" said Dan.

  "Well, given that the pear expanded is about the size of a baby's head, maybe
a little larger, it's possibly on the same level as childbirth," said Bernice.

  "Do you have a closing act?" said Dan.

  "You know me too well, Dan," said Bernice reaching into a nearby canvas bag.

  "This is also from Master Conroy. It's for their clit," said Bernice handing
Dan a small metal apparatus with a rubber squeeze ball.

  "How does it work, it looks complicated?" said Dan.

  "Very unlike the traditional clit clamps we used before. Normally, we use a
hemostat or pliers and pull the little man out then let an alligator clamp snap
shut on it. The problem is that all the really sensitive parts are down at the
base," said Bernice working the thin curved metal edges under the hood of
Trudy's clit.

  "It was effective," said Dan recalling the way his last victim screamed when
he allowed the sharp teeth of the alligator clamp to bite into her cruelly
extended clitoris. He and Bernice had been at Bransford Farms Club for Extreme
Fetishism the previous month and one of the members had provided Dan and Bernice
his new wife to be tortured.

  "This little baby fits up under the hood to form a seal. It goes all the way
down to the base of the nerve ganglia and grabs it at its root, so to speak.
When you give it a few pumps, a vacuum draws the entire clit into this tin metal
tube. See," said Bernice demonstrating the device.

  "There's a good three inches in there. I don't think Trudy is enjoying
herself," said Dan noting that Trudy was shifting back and forth in her seat.
Her eyes were looking at Dan pleading for him to stop. Tiny cries were pouring
through the O-ring.

  "After you gotten every millimeter of what makes her a woman inside the
cylinder you spin this tightening screw and it crushes the base like so," said
Bernice.

  The strain in Trudy's arms and the way her sinews struggled against the nylon
straps told Dan that the woman was in hellish pain.

  "Here, let me do Adelaide," said Dan working the shiny edges underneath the
folds of skin that encased her clit.

  "That's good. For a little women, she's got a big clit," said Bernice.

  "A few pumps to draw that little sucker right to papa," said Dan squeezing the
black rubber bulb.

  "Also, a three incher," commented Bernice.

  "And now we crush it," said Dan twisting the small wheel. Adelaide twisted her
body as the base of her clitoris was flattened in a tiny metal vise.

  "Now for the final touch," said Bernice handing Dan a long needle. "Put that
straight through the hole at the tip. It'll penetrate the clitoris from the very
tip lengthwise down through the base. Here let me go first to show you."

  Dan watched as Bernice slipped the long needle through the very tip of the
device then slowly shoved it deeper until the needle had fully inside Trudy's
clit with its pointed end embedded the sensitive mass of nerve ganglia at its
base.

  From the sounds and actions that Trudy was making, Dan realized they had
reached an entirely new level of delivering pain.

  . Dan performed the same feat on Adelaide. Both women were obviously in
incredible pain from having the needle inserted lengthwise through their
clitoris.

  "Now, attach this tube to the end of the needle," said Bernice handing Dan one
end of a clear plastic tube, the kind used in an intravenous drip. Bernice had
removed two small plastic pouches from her bag. They contained a small quantity
of a clear plastic fluid.

  Dan watched Bernice carefully as she attached the bags to the overhead luggage
storage.

  "What's in the IV?" asked Dan.

  "Sterilized and concentrated African bee venom," said Bernice. "Let's release
the IV on three, one, two, three."

  The result was almost instantaneous.

   "Look at them. I'm glad those seats are bolted to the floor," said Dan
watching their struggles.

  "Master Conroy says the bee venom will keep them in absolute agony for the
next twenty minutes, let's watch and enjoy ourselves, champagne or rum?' said
Bernice relaxing back in a nearby seat to watch her victims.

  "Rum, in keeping with the occasion," responded Dan.

  "Let's fuck while we watch, reverse cowgirl so we can both watch," said
Bernice.

  The two sadists slowly fucked as they watched the two submissives writhe, the
plastic pouches of venom emptying drop by painful drop.

  "Where are you two headed?" said Bernice to two of the young Haitian males
walking past in the aisle.

  "Take a piss, Mistress," said one of the two.

  "Use's those holes, piss there," said Bernice pointing her finger toward Trudy
and Adelaide.

  Dan watched while Bernice raised and lowered herself on his cock as the males
stepped up on the seats, placed their cocks inside the O-ring gags and relived
themselves. The boys pissed slowly allowing Adelaide and Trudy to swallow.  It
took a while for them to empty their bladders.

  If we were at my place, we could feed them our shit but I don't want to stink
up the plane," said Bernice after the boys had retuned to their seats.

  "Landing in Des Moines International Airport in thirty minutes," blared from
the plane's PA system.

  "Well, it looks like we better get ready. Want to finish in their mouths? Put
a layer of cum on top of Haitian piss," said Bernice.

  "Sounds good," said Dan.

  Dan stood on the seat with his cock in Trudy's mouth as Bernice jerked him
off. He shot a sizeable gob in her mouth; then managed to stop and step to the
adjoining chair and unload the rest into Adelaide.

  Dan wiped his cock clean in Adelaide's long black hair and returned to the
executive cabin.

  "Have a nice flight, dear?' asked Candace who was dressing in her
characteristic blue suit.

  "One of the nicest, I don't know when I've enjoyed a flight more," said Dan.




Chapter 45 - Iowa Caucus With Satan



Please take note! Adults Only Literature

The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written for
adults only.

If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing this
file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
now.

This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
is purely coincidental, etc.

Email HarryBerg01@aol.com with your comments.

Copyright 2004

                                                             ****





  Dan was seated in the second row of the huge semi-open shed. Dan estimated
there were at least two hundred in attendance, maybe more. The diamond encrusted
Ebel watch Candace had given him for his last birthday read 11:50PM.  Nearby in
the open field were parked the shed's former residents, an acre of plows,
harvesters and combines used on the Barker's farm.

  "About $20million," Lester Barker had responded to Dan's query as to his
capital investment in equipment.  "Of course, I've got several other operations
this size or larger throughout the Midwest."

  It was a warm summer night. A hot wind was blowing from the West and the sky
was occasionally illuminated by streaks of lighting that seemed to cover half
the sky. Cumulous clouds moved quickly overhead and the full moon appeared and
disappeared as the minutes pasted. Candace had casually mentioned that between
midnight and 12:30, there would be a full lunar eclipse.

  Dan was facing a makeshift altar. Over the center aisle suspended from a beam
in the shed's roof supports was an enormous crucifix with a larger than life
sized statue of Christ hung naked and upside down slanted toward the back of the
building. The statute projected out and over the audience.  As much as half of
the large floor space was under the statue. Directly over Dan's head was the V
where Christ's legs met. The statue's corpulent white limbs were spread wide and
an outsized penis with a bright red cock head angled down toward the crowd.
Cherubs hanging from invisible polymer cables surrounded the penis, their long
pointed tongues licking the cock head from all angles. A look of wicked delight
shone from their faces as their tongues sought their lord's cock. An enormous
black angel was hung between Christ's legs and behind him. The black angel was
burying his cock downward into Christ's ass. Christ's balls were being sucked by
two hermaphroditic angels equipped with wings, breasts with bright red nipples,
vaginas with thick bulbous lips, and erect cocks. Christ's face was turned to
the left; his mouth filled with the cock of another black angel that Dan could
only assume represented Satan. Christ's long tongue was licking the underside of
Satan's cock.

  If that thing falls, we are all dead thought Dan. I wonder who made it and who
brought it here. It would take several large flat bed trailers to carry it. That
statue doesn't leave any doubt as to whom these people worship thought Dan as he
studied each detail of the enormous work of satanic art.

  Dan cast his eyes toward the stage occupying one entire end of the building.
He now understood what was in the large boxes that were loaded into the belly of
their plane. There were nine regular size wooden coffins standing on end and
arranged in a semicircle on the sides of the altar. The tenth large box had
contained a huge gold coffin and it was positioned in the center but down front
only a few feet from the first row.

   The voodoo priests and priestesses that had accompanied them from Boston were
kneeling in groups around each of the coffins chanting in a low indiscernible
voice. Voodoo drums were pounding out a hypnotic beat.  Queen Naomi and Price
Freddie were kneeling in front of the gold coffin. Queen Naomi had stripped off
her clothes and she was swaying and holding her enormous breasts as she prayed
to the gold sarcophagi. Prince Freddie was stroking his long thin cock that not
too many hours ago had been inside Dan's asshole.

  In the center of the altar, Father Gregory presided over the ceremony. A few
minutes before he had slit the throat of a newborn infant and drained the blood
into a silver and onyx chalice. He was dressed in the black robes of a priest of
the underworld performing the ancient ritual of the Black Mass. Dan was nervous
and more than a little scared. Candace had promised that no harm would come to
Briana or him but was she dealing with forces she could control. There was
enough light from the halogen lamps in the ceiling to enable Dan to look over
the audience most of whom were naked and masturbating as they chanted prayers to
Lucifer.

  Sgt. Lasker and Lt. Claiborne flanked by Maria Consuela and Anna Estelle were
seated directly behind him. The Sergeant's black robe was parted and Maria
Consuela was stroking his enormous scarred cock.  Ever so often they exchanged a
sensuous kiss or the Sergeant leaned over to take her nipples into the round off
center black hole that a military surgeon's scalpel had carved for a mouth.
Women in the audience had made it a point of introducing themselves to the
Sergeant. They had kissed his face and stroked his cock looking enviously at
Maria Consuela.

  Something that the average woman would have night mares over, this crowd
embraces and desires thought Dan as earlier he watched a young woman with a new
born baby in her arms kneel down and pass her tongue over the length of the
Sergeant's cock. The child was sucking her breast.

  "Look, Adriana, he is so beautiful," whispered the mother to her girl baby.

  "The Master has generously provided Candace with a human demon," said Maria
Consuela.

  The Sergeant said something unintelligible to Maria Consuela. Maria Consuela
interpreted the Sergeant's statement.

  "The Sergeant wants to hold the baby and drink your milk," said Maria
Consuela.

  "I will be honored," said the mother handing the child to Sergeant Lasker. He
cradled the baby in one arm as the mother slipped into his naked lap. The mother
placed her nipple in the Sergeant's mouth. The Sergeant held the baby to the
mother's other breast. Dan watched in total awe as the Sergeant and the baby
drained the mother's breast. Milk spilled out of the Sergeant's clumsy mouth.
Getting his fill, the Sergeant handed the baby to the mother who after kissing
the Sergeant and thanking him departed. Maria Consuela carefully blotted the
Sergeant's mouth with a lace handkerchief that Dan recognized as one made by a
group of Belgium nuns know for the exquisite detail of their lace.





 

  Anna Estelle was holding a naked Lt. Claiborne in her lap kissing him then
offering him her breasts to suckle as she slowly stroked his cock. A young girl
that Dan had never seen before was aiding Anna Estelle in her cock sucking
duties. The thin naked girl was giving the Lieutenant's balls a slow sensuous
mouth massage. At the same time, the girl was pushing a sizeable dildo in and
out of her pussy. Her eyes were closed and she was moaning, obviously in a state
of intense sexual ecstasy. The girl's mother was seated besides her holding a
pet chimpanzee in her lap. The chimp's mouth was alternating sucking the woman's
nipples and one of his long hairy arms reached to her crotch. The ape's
phalanges were inside the woman's vagina and the heel of his paw was stroking
her clit. Like her daughter, she was in a trance.

  Not all of the attendees were familiar to Dan. Off to his left and half dozen
rows back were five of the most beautiful young boys that Dan had ever seen.
Four of the boys looked to be twelve or thirteen and the older boy Briana's age
or a year older. When Dan had looked their way, they had waved to him and spoken
excitedly among one another. When Dan got a good look at the older boy, his
breath was taken away. The boy's face was absolutely the most beautiful visage
that Dan had ever seen.

  Oh God would I love to fuck him thought Dan staring in admiration at the boy's
exquisite beauty. It reminded him of Donatello's David that he had seen in
Florence, Italy only a few weeks ago. He and Candace had toured Italy. Candace
had been granted a rare private audience with the Pope only days before the
Pontiff passed away.

  Even more puzzling to Dan was the presence of what looked to be a dozen
Catholic schoolgirls. They were seated several rows back to his right. They
girls were dressed in black and white oxfords, white blouse, and a short red
plaid skirt. But the girls had pulled the blouse out of the skirts waistband
unbuttoned the bottom buttons and tied it up below their breasts exposing their
mid rifts. They'd also unbuttoned their blouses. They had painted their lips
with bright red gloss. They'd applied heavy mascara and eye make-up.

  They look like schoolgirl prostitutes thought Dan.

   The girls were engaged in passionate embraces with one another. They'd
removed their cotton panties moments ago throwing them high in the air. Exposing
their sex, they were opening masturbating as they performed oral sex on each
other.

  A nun was seated on each end of the girl's aisle. The girls had stripped the
nun's of their habits. Both nuns were wearing large strap on cocks underneath
their black robes. The schoolgirls were taking turns riding the dildos. The
aisle of schoolgirls was a tableau of lesbian erotic acts.

  Most of the audience was nude or wearing only a robe that was parted to reveal
their nakedness. Dan like the rest of the audience was masturbating as he
watched the Black Mass.

  "Oh Beelzebub, breed your servant Bernice, make her the vessel of your
procreation," whispered Bernice Creswell. "Rip into my womb with thy fiery cock
and give me your hell spawn as reward for my services. I have been true to you
and ask that you fill my belly with your demon."

  When Dan had looked into Bernice's eyes he saw only black orbs. There was only
solid blackness, no whites or irises. Both of her hands were buried in her
crotch stroking her sex as she repeated over and over again her prayer for
satanic impregnation. 

  Connie Barker was seated to Dan's immediate right. Connie had adhered the
suction cups of two large dildo's to her seat before she sat down. Then with her
husband's help she had lowered herself slowly down penetrating both her vagina
and anus. Once she was fully lanced, Lester had taken a large needle, pulled
Connie's clitoris out and pushed the needle through embedding it in the wooden
seat. He had used a larger gauge needle to puncture her left breast and provided
Dan with a similar needle for the left. At the moment, Connie was slowly
stroking Dan and Lester's cocks as she raised and lowered herself. Blood
trickled down her breasts to join that in her pierced clitoris.

  "All those who worship the Master will be there, we have waited all our lives
for this day," said Connie on the drive from the airport.

  Dan saw Briana seated in the first row wearing only a white wedding veil. Her
nakedness was clearly visible through the diaphanous material. It contrasted
sharply with the black worn by Father Gregory and most of the assemblage.
Candace was beside Briana naked dressed in a similar red veil. Of all the people
there, only Briana wore white and Candace red.

  Both were wearing tall matching boots with high heels.  Dan felt his cock stir
when he looked at the naked back of his wife and daughter. They had promised him
a three way on the return flight to Boston. Dan was anxious to plunge his cock
into his daughter.

  On the flight from Boston, Dan had a moment to reflect on his life with
Candace. Dan had normal fatherly qualms about what was going to happen to Briana
at midnight. He understood that this experience might well be the most powerful
of her entire life. Dan had to keep reminding himself that he would soon be the
spouse of the President of the United States, the most powerful human on the
planet.

  The public portion of the visit would begin tomorrow. There was going to be a
large political rally on Government Plaza in downtown Des Moines. Candace
Williams for President offices would be opening in every major city in Iowa.
There seemed to be an endless supply of money to fund her campaign.

  The private part of the visit was taking place tonight on the farm of Connie
and Lester Barker.  The Barkers were the wealthiest family in Iowa, possibly the
entire Mid West. Lester was the CEO of the largest privately held company in the
United States. Barker & Sons processed much of the corn, wheat, and soybeans
grown in the United States.

  Candace had met Connie Barker at the retreat where she decided to pursue a
career in politics. Connie and Lester served the same Master as Candace. They
were committed to doing everything possible to help Candace become the runaway
winner of the Iowa Caucus, the first step to the White House.

  Dan recalled the conversation that Candace and he had with Briana during the
flight.

  "So what happens to me tonight? What do I get to wear?" asked Briana.

  "You get to dress up. But I'm not going to tell you in what. I want it to be a
surprise. Our Master will take your virginity."

  "Mother, will it hurt when Satan takes me for his bride?" said Briana.

  "Yes, it will be the ultimate in both agony and pleasure. As your body fuses
with his, his incredible energy will pour into your being. The fires of hell
will enter your body. It will be an agony that only the very few throughout
human history have experienced. You'll feel like your heart and brain are going
to explode. Your blood will boil in your veins. It will be hell on earth."

  "And will my pussy bleed when his cock enters me," said Briana.

  Yes, your virgin blood will coat your thighs. Afterwards, you will take on the
Master's cunning and intelligence. Your mind and body will grow stronger. You
can bend the weak to your will and physically overcome the strong. The changes
will be profound.  As a preliminary step, the Master will take you on a journey
into mankind's most evil and sordid history. It will be terrifying beyond words
and absolutely real. You will experience things you didn't think possible."

  "Will you go on a journey, too, Mother?" said Briana.

  "Yes, but mine will be to a different place," said Candace.

  "And did you first time with the Master hurt?"

  "Yes, it was beyond agony. Each individual cell in my body screamed its hurt."

  "Good, I want it to hurt. I hope it burns like fury when his cock is inside
me."

  "It will. His sperm will pass through each path of your body like liquid fire.
Each artery and vein will be filled with his essence. You will scream like the
most savage banshee and your pain will be far greater than ordinary humans ever
experience."

  "I'm going to make you proud of me. No matter how much it hurts, I'm going to
fuck the Master with every ounce of energy I possess," said Briana with a
determined look on her face.

  Spoken like the true daughter of Candace Williams thought Dan. Dan watched and
listened to Candace and Briana talk. Mother and daughter were unusually close.
They certainly looked alike. Dan often marveled at how Candace didn't seem to
age. She was now thirty-five but her body and face were still as youthful
looking as the day she returned from the Retreat to announce she was running for
Congress.

  Several years past, Dan had quietly accepted the idea that his wife served the
Dark Lord. He was more than intelligent enough to realize that her meteoric rise
in politics was not solely the result of her considerable talents. The rewards
of being Candace's spouse compensated for the occasional qualms about the
presence of Satan in their lives.

  Dan had grown to love the wealth and power that her position provided. He had
enjoyed a level of sexual gratification that few men had ever experienced. Being
Candace's husband had afforded him the opportunity to fuck countless women and
to sample every form of human sexual depravity. He and Bernice Creswell still
made monthly visits to the S&M Club where he was able to indulge his passion for
causing others pain.

  Only a week before, he and Bernice had tortured a young couple that had been
blackmailed into participating by a DEA agent anxious to please Candace. At the
time of the arrest there was a sufficient quantity of heroin to indict the
couple as major dealers. Faced with a no parole lifetime of prison, they had
readily agreed to whatever punishments that Dan and Bernice could devise.

  Dan felt his cock stir when he thought about their cries for mercy and how the
husband had screamed and writhed when Bernice landed the quirt with full force
on his cock. She had stretched his balls to the breaking point. He recalled with
lust the look on the wife's face when he had pressed the glowing red branding
iron into her sex. He stared directly into her eyes as he branded her for life.
Unfortunately for the woman, she hadn't fainted when the large H signifying
heroin had burned itself into her flesh. The branding iron H was large enough to
frame both her clitoris and her vagina. While her tissue was still smoldering,
Dan had thrown himself on the women and fucked her like a savage, grinding his
hard pubic mound against her charred flesh. Her pathetic screams intensified the
sexual experience.  Dan's orgasm left him gasping for breath as he licked the
salty tears off her cheeks.

  After their session had ended, an ambulance took the couple to a nearby clinic
where they would spend several weeks recovering.

  Sex with Candace was still the most intense erotic experience of his life. Dan
had learned to share her appetites and to participate with her in orgies with
the rich and powerful that she now came in daily contact with.

  Still, the thought of Lucifer impaling his daughter caused Dan to shift in his
seat. He had agreed to Candace's demand that they save Briana's virginity for
tonight. During the last year, Briana had done everything possible to seduce
him. Sensing Dan's frustration with being unable to take advantage of the
youthful sex that Briana offered him, Candace had provided him with a number of
beautiful young girls and boys Briana's age to deflower. Dan had also discovered
that he had a taste for transsexuals. His latest conquest was a sixteen-year-old
named Scott that had the most perfect woman's body Dan had ever seen on a man.
Dan had spent hours sucking Scott's penis and rimming his ass before sodomizing
him. Dan recalled Scott's perfect breasts and how much he loved to whirl the
young trannie around the dance floor slowly lifting his skirt to fondle his cock
and balls through the sheer panties. A fascination with transsexuals was Dan's
most recent excursion into the world of perversions.

   Candace had taught Briana to suck Dan's cock. Candace carefully trained
Briana to take Dan's penis in her mouth and slowly suck it hard, then suppress
her gag reflex by taking long deep breaths through her nose and finally to
slowly push it into the opening of her throat. Briana loved it when Dan's cum
exploded into her mouth. She and Candace would embrace while massaging each
other's clit and swapping mouthfuls of saliva and sperm until they too climaxed.

  Only the day before, Candace had ridden him cowgirl style while he ate
Briana's pussy. I definitely have no reason to complain concluded Dan thinking
of the many men who lived boring routine sex lives.

  "The incubi and succubi are coming," whispered Bernice as the lights in the
shed dimmed. There was a crack from lightening that caused the lights to
flicker. When the lights came back on, Dan saw that that the coffin lids were
slowly opening.

  "The Master has brought us the living dead to give us pleasure," screamed
Connie Barker standing up. There was an audible sucking sound as the dildos
exited her orifices. She ignored the blood spurting from her torn clit as the
needle ripped from her flesh.

  Naked men were climbing out of the coffins. Their bodies were gray. Long hair
and nails were visible in the half-light. Their eyes shone soullessly in the
poor light. From the large gold coffin a giant man creature emerged. He has to
be seven-foot tall thought Dan. His thick long and erect cock stood out before
him as he took halting steps toward Briana.

  "Baron Samedi, the voodoo king, he has been dead five hundred years," screamed
Bernice pointing toward the creature. Dan watched as Briana stepped forward into
Baron Samedi's arms. Briana jumped upward wrapping her beautiful legs around his
waist. In one violent motion, she reached down and placed his cock at the
entrance to her virgin sex. Dan watched in astonishment as his daughter's body
tensed and then using every muscle in her body, she slammed the Baron's dead and
very hard cock into her vagina. Blood spurted down her thighs onto the wooden
floor. The Baron opened his mouth revealing his white teeth and sounded a primal
roar of triumph. He captured Briana's breast in his mouth and bit her savagely.
Briana screamed in pain as she began to pump her body against the Baron's.

   Others rushed forward to couple with the zombies. Bernice felt to her knees
before one of the zombie and engulfed his cock with her mouth. Dan felt
something cold touch his arm. He looked toward Connie Barker to find her impaled
on the cock of a zombie who somehow had gotten to the second row without Dan
being aware of it. The zombie opened his mouth and bit down on Connie's breast
creating two bleeding semi-circles of teeth marks. Connie wrapped her arms
around the living dead and tongue kissed her lover from the grave. The smell of
moldy earth filled the air when the zombie opened his mouth.

  Dan heard a giant roar that seemed to be coming from the direction of one of
the Barker farms endless cornfields. The roar got louder until it became
deafening. Dan watched as Candace stood up and shed her red veil. Father Gregory
had just mixed the consecrated blood of Christ with the innocent blood of the
new born. He stepped forward and offered the chalice to Candace.

  She grasped it in one hand and turned to the assembled crowd of Satan
worshippers. In a voice that sounded far too powerful for a person of her size,
she began to recite a prayer. Dan found himself along with everyone joining in.



  "Hail Lucifer, Hail Satan, Ruler of Hell, Master of Eternal Darkness, accept
our adoration. We commit to the defilement of all that followers of Christ
consider holy. We dedicate ourselves to the destruction of the pious. We pledge
our beings to your service. Help us to do thy bidding and bring Hell to this
earth. We welcome your minions that come to join themselves with our bodies and
provide the ecstasy of the underworld. Our immortal souls are thine for
eternity.  We seek only to exist forever in the Legion of the Damned."



  When Candace finished the prayer, she raised the chalice to her lips and
drank. Blood spilled from the corners of her mouth down onto her breasts.
Instantly, an enormous pitch dark winged creature enveloped Candace. Nearby
Briana screamed as she was impaled repeatedly on the cock of Baron Samedi. Her
screams could be heard above all the noise. Powerful bolts of energy flew out
from the dark space where Candace and Satan coupled and renewed their bond. Dan
tried to watch but had to shield his eyes as the two women in his life gave
themselves to Satan in two of his forms.

 A great being appeared in front of Dan and he felt his body wrapped in arms far
more powerful than he could even consider resisting. Dan found himself
surrounded in wings, arms and even tentacles. He buried his face in the
creature's neck as they left the ground. He heard a giant roar as he was swept
up into the embrace of a succubus that took him high into the rafters. Dan
screamed in horror as he looked up into the burning red eyes of the she-devil
that held him. He felt a taloned claw grasp the base of his hard cock and force
it inside her gaping sex.  The creature's vagina grasped the very base of his
cock and balls and pulled it inside and closed tightly around his manhood. He
felt captured inside a cauldron of powerful seething flesh that burned his skin.

  Dan felt intense heat surround his cock and balls. A tight ring of muscle
circled the base of his balls gripping it painfully. Inside the demon's vagina,
he fell the start of a slow powerful surge that pulled him even deeper into her
vagina. He felt like his cock was being ripped off.

  My God she is going to either burn off or tear off my dick and balls thought
Dan. Dan felt talons dig into the soft flesh of his buttocks separating his butt
cheeks. A pointed tentacle of hot squirming flesh instantly penetrated his
rectum. It quickly passed into his lower intestine, plunging deep inside his
body coursing through his bowels until he felt it coiling inside his stomach. 
From somewhere Dan recalled that the average person's intestines were at least
sixteen feet. My God this can't be happening thought Dan as his belly swelled
with the coiled tentacle.

  Dan found himself staring into the most evil and demoniac eyes he thought
could possibly exist. He was horrified to the point of madness but could not
look away. Several small tentacles forced their way into his nostrils. When he
opened his mouth to breath a large tentacle passed down through his esophagus to
join its companion in his stomach. He could feel the two slime covered limbs
pressing against one another inside his belly. It was as if they were making
love inside him as they intertwined and slid against one another.

  Dan's entire body was invested with writhing tentacles. He felt a small tube
pass into his urethra and wind its way to his bladder. Another moved slowly into
his ball sack creating the most incredibly flood of gonadal pleasure he had ever
experienced. He felt like he was climaxing from the inside out. He was conscious
that his bladder was being emptied. He tasted urine in his mouth and realized
that the she-devil was feeding him his own piss. That was followed by the taste
of his semen. Thick, incredibly strong vicious fluid filled his mouth
overwhelming his taste sensations.

  Now, its her piss realized Dan as he greedily swallowed the mixture. Thank you
Candace for this gift. No other man ever had a better wife thought Dan.

  Dan gave himself over to the moment. His arms tightly embraced the creature as
his mind and body embraced the experience. His lips ringed and sucked the slimy
tentacle down his throat. His rectum was stretched impossibly open as a million
tiny filaments along the tentacle arm stimulated the lining of his bowels. His
cock was firmly gripped in a powerful muscular vagina that was rhythmically
pulsing his cock and balls.

  No human has ever been so completely and thoroughly violated thought Dan. He
breathed in the aroma of the fluid he was ingesting along with the foul breath
of the demon and reveled in the sensation.

  He delighted in the simultaneous defilement of so many parts of his body as he
and the creature writhed and spun in sexual abandonment high above the floor.
His hands gripped her scaly back forcing his body closer to hers. When Dan
looked down he saw that the audience was a moaning seething mass of devils and
their worshippers.

  In the center of the altar, Candace and Briana were copulating with Satan and
the Voodoo lord. Dan looked back into the face of the succubus and felt an
overpowering love.




Chapter 46 - Pillage and Rape in Jerusalem



Please take note! Adults Only Literature

The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written for
adults only.

If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing this
file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
now.

This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
is purely coincidental, etc.

Email HarryBerg01@aol.com with your comments.

Copyright 2004

                                                             ****



  This is the first part dream sequence that Satan gave to Candace during the
celebration of the Black Mass.



  Candace heard and felt a loud 'thunk' sound coming from her right shoulder.
Her armor plate and chain mail instantly transmitted the vibration whose source
was the body of the knight wedged tightly against her side. Even in the
semi-darkness amidst the heat and smoke and the screaming from below, she knew
that a Saracen arrow had found a home. Somehow it must have gotten through one
of the cracks separating the rough boards used to construct the rolling siege
tower.

  Candace was able to turn her head slightly to the right and see the shaft
sticking from Sir Charles DuCasey's eye. Sir Charles was screaming in pain but
with over thirty knights packed into the top floor of the wooden tower, there
was no room to raise an arm or move in any way.  Blood poured out of his eye
socket cascading down onto his breastplate. Sir Charles was left standing to
scream his way to a painful death. The knights pressed against him understood
there was a high probability that Sir Charles fate would be theirs in a matter
of moments.

  Breathing inside the siege tower, normally difficult in the confined space and
intense desert heat was becoming impossible as heavy black smoke from burning
pitch and oil filled the air.  Pots of burning oil had rained down from
catapults located behind Jerusalem stonewalls. Several had landed directly
against the exposed wood of the lower sections of the siege tower setting it
ablaze. Candace's legs could feel the heat drafting up from the lower levels of
the wooden tower. If the bottom level was on fire that meant the men operating
the shaft that turned the wheels could not drive the tower forward toward the
walls of Jerusalem. Once the tower ceased to move, everyone in the top of the
tower would be trapped and burned to death.

  The Crusaders had laboriously constructed two siege towers in an attempt to
break their four-month siege of the Holy City. Each tower was to be rolled up to
the walls surrounding Jaffa Gate. Once at the wall, the top of the siege towers
contained a short drawbridge that could be lowered to allow a group of hand
picked knights to cross onto the parapet. After the walls were taken, the
knights could be re-enforced and the Jaffa Gate opened to the main army.

  Candace, known to the other Crusaders as Sir Giles De Monmouth, an English
knight from Cornwall, had volunteered for the assault group of the second tower.
She could hear the sharp knocks of Saracen arrows as they struck the sides of
the tower. It was a constant din. Constance turned her head toward Sir Charles.
He had ceased the loud shrieks of a moment ago. He was slumped forward either
dead or fainted. There was no room for him to fall. The bodies of the still
living held him erect.

  Sir Charles DuCasey had been with the Crusades since Pope Urban II had
preached 'God Wills It,' in 1095 at Clermont Cathedral. Sir Charles had fought
in every battle and siege but now within a few feet of Jerusalem the city of
Jesus that he had come to liberate from the unbelievers, he was dead.

  Sir Charles, like most of his fellow Franks, had been a merciless and
unrelenting foe of the followers of Muhammad. He considered it God's work to put
to death not only captured warriors but their wives and children. At Aleppo,
Candace had watched him pull an infant from his mother's arm, hurl it into the
air and catch it on the point of his sword. He had a wide grin on his face when
he successfully impaled the infant in mid air.

  After he had killed the rest of the family except for the young mother, he and
his squire raped her while other Crusaders watched. When they had finished with
her, Sir Charles rammed his dagger into her vagina and twisted it. The
'Prophet's Fuck" was becoming the preferred way to kill Muslim female captives
since it resulted in a slow and painful death. Using daggers and swords to
impale Muslim women in their vagina and rectum had become common practice during
the first crusade. Superstitious knights believed that the warm blood of the
dying female purified their cocks during the rape of an infidel. The blood of
Muslim females atoned for the sin of rape. Some Crusaders had developed a taste
for continuing the rape after the woman's vaginal walls had been cut to shreds
by the sharp blades.

  Sir Charles had bragged that once inside the Holy City he intended to provide
every Muslim woman he encountered a 'Prophet's Fuck'. He had made a show of
sharpening the dagger he planned to use.  Candace understood that Sir Charles
wasn't the exception to how the Franks treated the followers of Mohammad. He was
the rule.

  Candace felt a strong lurch. She was encouraged that in spite of the fire, the
tower continued to move forward toward the wall. She was in the third rank of
knights. Someone among the knights shouted news that was not encouraging.

  "The Lord is not with us today, the other tower has fallen, Jesus have mercy
on their souls," said one of the knights who had a view out of the side of the
tower.

  "We'll all burn to death," screamed another knight.

  "Oh Saviour, help me, I can't breathe, Help me Sweet Jesus and Mother Mary. I
don't want to die in fire," cried another in panic.

  "We're almost there, death to the Saracens," screamed a braver knight toward
the front.

  The siege tower gave two long lurches forward. Candace would have fallen but
the knights were packed so tightly together, everyone was held upright. The air
grew thicker with black oily smoke. Candace's nostrils recognized the smell of
burning flesh. She heard more screams from below. Another long lurch forward and
the drawbridge front of the tower dropped open. Candace saw through an opening
that the end of the drawbridge was a good yard short of the wall. Saracen and
Turkish arrows immediately clanged off the shields of the front row of knights.
Most glanced off but several found their home and knights fell forward
screaming.

  Candace felt the knight in front of her shudder as an arrow pierced his chest.
She reached round her own shield and grabbed him by his armor holding him
upright. She intended to use his body as a shield to block Saracen arrows.
Knowing it was now or never, she moved forward carrying the knight's body and
stepping over the twisting bodies of dead and dying knights. The rough wooden
floor was slippery with blood and Candace almost lost her footing as she emerged
in the bright sunlight of Palestine.

  Around her, the bowmen on the wall were quickly dropping the knights before
they could cross the tower's drawbridge. Holding the dying knight upright as a
shield Candace reached the open space at a dead run and jumped the yard of empty
air between her and the stonewall. Candace flung the body of the knight now
festooned with dozens of arrows into a group of Saracen bowmen. As she rolled
forward, she felt the stinging impact of several arrows as they ricocheted off
the curved surface of her armor.

  Candace fell heavily her body slamming into the stone floor of the parapet.
Knowing death was an instant away, Candace rolled to her feet. She glanced back
to see that several other knights were attempting to follow her but were being
cut down in mid air as they leaped toward the parapet. Candace unsheathed her
sword and flung herself on the bowmen. She quickly killed several of the bowmen
and the others fled from her murderous assault. Candace was single handedly
forcing back a small group of warriors when Saracen reinforcements arrived. She
found herself alone on the wall being slowly driven back toward one of the large
stone towers that anchored Jaffa Gate. The sheer number of the opposition made
her give ground until her back was to the tower wall. A dozen Saracen swordsmen
surrounded her on three sides. The fight was a desperate one. Candace's
amazingly quick sword killed anyone who came within its reach.

  Jerusalem's defenders were well aware of how the Crusaders treated the
citizens of Antioch, Aleppo, and other cities that had resisted their advance.
If they weren't able to keep the Crusading Franks from entering the city, they
knew that they along with their families would be slaughtered. Regardless of the
carnage Candace was creating they pressed in toward her.

  There were half a dozen dead Saracens at Candace's feet. But there were now
over forty surrounding her. Candace intended to fight to her last breath when
all of a sudden; the nearest Saracen's head was split wide open by a Frankish
axe. There stood Thomas of Marle, whose fief was near Laon, France.

  In an army of brutal knights who obeyed no law other than their own, Thomas
was recognized as one of the most cruel and violent of the Crusaders. In the
Saracen's attempt to kill Sir Giles/Candace they had failed to notice that Sir
Thomas and a group of knights had climbed a ladder to reach the top of the wall.
The numerous and heavily armed Franks made short work of the Saracens.

  Candace found herself fighting shoulder to shoulder by the mammoth Crusader.
In an age were most knights stood no more than a few inches over five feet,
Thomas of Marle at six feet four inches was a giant.

  "Good work for an Englishmen," growled Thomas as he and Candace fighting side
by side hacked down the remaining Saracens.

  There was a brief respite while more Crusaders climbed the walls in
preparation to mount an attack on the large number of Turks, Egyptians and
Saracens gathering in the open area behind Jaffa Gate. Jerusalem's defenders
knew that if that gate opened, the Frankish warriors on their chargers would
pour through and nothing would stop them.

  "I know what kind of English bulldog you are, Sir Giles," said Sir Thomas
shoving Candace into a dark alcove of the tower gate using his vast bulk to
press Candace against the wall of the stone tower. He unashamedly shoved his
crotch against her body.

  "And what kind is that?" demanded Candace shoving Thomas back, surprising him
by her strength.

  "A bitch in heat and ready to be bred, not a bull by any man's measure," said
Sir Thomas leaning down to plant his lips across Candace's as his chained mailed
hand grabbed between her legs at the non-existent cock.

   "Not a trace of balls or dick," laughed Sir Thomas as he groped between
Candace's legs. His rough fingers pressed against her sex arousing her in spite
of the circumstances.

  "And what makes you so certain? Are you not Sir Thomas of Marle, the knight
most renown for his love of young boys, it's said there's a thousand young ass
holes between here and Laon that know the sport of your cock," said Candace
grabbing the collar of Sir Thomas's chain mail and pulling him downward for
another passionate kiss. Their tongues met and swirled against one another.

  "Only a thousand you say, more boys than that have felt my cock in their
backside," laughed Sir Thomas.

  His hand stroked her crotch causing her to feel intense pleasure heightened by
the heat of battle. In return, Candace grabbed Sir Thomas's crotch and felt the
size and power of his cock. In spite of the thick fabric, she was able to grasp
his gonads and stroke his long and hardening member. Candace's own sex responded
to the knight's rough handling of her sex.

  "You're wet cunt signals its ready to savor my staff. Were there not Saracens
to kill, I would strip you and fuck you on Jaffa Gate," said Sir Thomas.

  "I will be the one to take you at my leisure. Then I will give you to my
servants to enjoy," said Candace once again exchanging a passionate kiss with
Sir Thomas.

   "I saw you and your squires bathe in a pool near Aleppo. You did not see me.
You committed the same abominations that the Nuns of St. John of Cluny were
infamous for before I destroyed their convent and burned them alive. They too
practiced the Sapphic arts."

  "Did you enjoy them before you burned them?"

   Candace recalled how she and Rhonda and her other women-at-arms had slipped
away from the Crusader army after the pillage of Aleppo and the wholesale
slaughter of its inhabitants. They had ridden some distance to the pool of water
where John The Baptist had baptized Christ. The women had removed their armor
and bathed in the clean crystal waters. Rhonda had found a secluded sandy beach
where the warm sun allowed them to relax.

  They had happened upon two very young and beautiful shepherdesses who had
brought their flock to the pool to drink. At first the Arab girls were terrified
of the female Frankish warriors but Candace was able to assure them in their own
language that no harm would come to them. Candace invited the girls to share
their food. The women played together in the water.

  Their lovemaking had begun slowly with kisses and embraces. Candace embraced
the youngest of the shepherdesses and kissed her lips and breasts. Candace and
the women quickly progressed to using their mouth and fingers to pleasure one
another. It had been a warm languid afternoon of satisfying sex.

   "I kept them in my dungeon for a month. My men-at-arms and I raped them each
day to purify their sex. After that I had my dungeon master pour boiling holy
water in their cunts to wash away their sins. Then we burned them at the stake
in the square at Laon on market day."

  "So it not only young boys that enjoy your cock?' said Candace.

  "When the city is taken, I'll show you why all those lads loved being impaled
on the pike of the Lion of Laon."

  "If you survive this day I will give you that opportunity, I'll take my
pleasure of you and your knights; however, the city is not yet ours," said
Candace, "We have enough knights now, let's open Jaffa Gate to the army of
Christ."

  Candace gave Sir Thomas one more passionate kiss promising herself that once
the battle was over, she'd take her pleasure from the giant Crusader.

  "God wills it," screamed Candace and Sir Thomas as they lead a large party of
Crusaders down the stone steps and hurled themselves on the massed defenders of
Jaffa Gate.

  The fight for the gate was ferocious. Quarter was neither asked nor given.
Candace herself killed the Saracen commander. Her blade split his helmet open
allowing his brains to spill out on the blood soaked stones that were once
traveled by Jesus' apostles and the members of the House of David.

   The Saracens sent every available re-enforcement they had to keep the gate
shut. It took over a an hour of close brutal combat for the Franks to fight
their way to the gate and pull back the great cross bar that sealed it against
the Crusaders.

  When finally, it opened, the area in front of the gate was strewn with Saracen
and Frankish bodies. The white Crusader coverlet that Candace wore was
splattered with blood. Sir Thomas's axe and sword arm were covered in blood and
brains. As soon as the giant gate parted, the Frankish knights rode in on their
armored warhorses scattering the remaining defenders.

  "Sir Giles," Candace heard someone yell. She turned to find her squire,
Jeffrey/Rhonda, who was an exact duplicate of Rhonda Powers, offering her the
reins of her charger. Her six women-at-arms disguised as men, all expert bowmen
who had been with them since they departed Cornwall, accompanied Jeffrey.

  "Follow me, Jeffrey, I mean to secure our fortune," said Candace swinging into
the saddle and ridding into a cross street off the main road and away from the
army that charged directly into the heart of the city. Candace had only ridden
for a short distance down the narrow lane before she came to a large palatial
residence. She leaped from her horse and slammed her shoulder into the front
door forcing it open. Two Saracen warriors immediately confronted her. Her sword
dropped both in a matter of moments. Jeffrey and the men at arms joined Candace
inside the entranceway of the home.

  During the siege, Candace had taken the trouble to learn the location of the
home of the wealthiest merchant in Jerusalem. Pasha Sellim controlled the spice
trade between the East and Europe. His caravans traveled the Silk Road bringing
perfume, spices and silk from Samarkand, China and even the Japans. He was far
wealthier than the kings of England and France combined. As she rounded a
corner, she came upon the old merchant and his family. A giant black servant
wielding a scimitar taller than a man barred her way. Candace's sword arm lashed
out knocking the huge piece of steel out of the man's hand. The giant threw
himself at her feet begging not to be killed.

  Pasha Sellim and two of his sons were armed and offered resistance. She
quickly dealt with them. The remaining sons and the rest of the numerous
household immediately prostrated themselves before her. Candace walked slowly
among the figures lying trembling on the marble floor. She carefully examined
each member of the Pasha's household. Deciding that none of them represented a
threat, she relaxed and slid her bloody sword back into its scabbard.

  Truly beautiful and incredibly exotic were the Pasha's four wives allowed him
by the Koran, rather widows now thought Candace. The wives of his sons, a large
number of female concubines plus all their younger children numbered over a
hundred. There were also numerous servants cowering on the floor begging not to
be slaughtered by the Crusaders.

  Candace looked carefully at the merchant's remaining sons.  She decided to
wait and choose which ones to keep and which to sell into slavery. One of the
sons was so handsome, that Candace felt a stirring between her legs. She would
have liked to see him naked but decided that would have to wait.  The wives of
the slain sons and their children were wailing and screaming begging the
Crusaders not to kill them. The women exposed their breasts and offered
themselves to Candace and her warriors in return for sparing their and their
children's lives. The children were wailing in fear and the women cowering on
the ground.

  "If you stay calm and obey our orders, you will not be harmed," shouted
Candace in Arabic seeking to calm everyone. They quieted down to listen to her.

  "I intend to establish this as my household. My soldiers will protect you from
the Franks."

  Candace was anxious to rejoin the battle. She instructed Jeffrey to place the
Monmouth crest on the door of the palace.

  "If any Crusader tries to force their way inside, kill them. Protect this
place and I promise rich rewards for all of you," said Candace was she swung
into the saddle of her charger.

  "Nothing living will get passed us," said Jeffrey/Rhonda raising her sword in
salute.

  Candace rode back to the main thoroughfare and turned toward the sound of
battle. The battle sounds came from the center of Jerusalem. In the open plains
of Palestine, the nimble horses and accurate mounted bowmanship of the Saracens
had been devastating to the slower and less maneuverable Franks. But in the
crowded street, the powerful chargers and thick armor of the Crusaders was a
significant advantage. The Crusaders were ridding down the mounted Turks and
Saracens and trampling the enemy's foot soldiers.

  Like at Aleppo, Candace sensed that the battle once won would spin out of
control of the Crusading army's commanders and give over to an uncontrolled
slaughter by the Frankish knights. Already, dismounted knights and men at arms
were wading into the crowd of fleeing civilians. The broad swords of the knights
were indiscriminately cutting down old men, women and children.  The rough
stones of the street were being turned red as the slaughter intensified.

  Nearby, Candace saw a Frankish knight she recognized from the camp. There was
a family of six kneeling in front of him begging to be spared. The knight walked
behind the kneeling father pulled out his dagger and slit the man's throat. The
knight quickly went down the line slitting the throats of the wife and children
till he came to a daughter that Candace took for a teenager. He grabbed the
young girl by her hair and used his bloody dagger to cut her clothes off. The
knight and his squire forced her into the doorway of a nearby shop. Candace
watched as the knight used a short sword to run the girl through the stomach
pinning her to the wooden door behind her. He pulled her legs up and thrust
himself into her. He finished quickly. As soon as he was done, the squire took
his place. The girl was slumped forward dead as the soldier raped her.

  "The Saracens are gathering for a last stand at Damascus Gate," roared Sir
Thomas of Marle sweeping by Candace on his giant charger. Candace followed
quickly. As Candace rounded a corner, she saw that the Turkish and Saracen
commanders had rallied enough troops to make a credible stand. The force was
sufficiently numerous to cause the Crusaders to hold off attacking until more
men arrived. Unfortunately, for the Crusader's many of their troops were too
busy sacking homes and raping women to concern themselves with finishing off the
enemy.

  There were several thousand enemy soldiers standing in front of a huge crowd
of terrified civilians. Candace could see the enemy commanders attempting to
organize their troops into formations. At that point, Prince Tancred of Bohemia
arrived with a hundred mounted knights and a large force of foot. The Prince was
known for his impetuousness. Without a moment of hesitation, he charged forward
shouting "God wills it."

  Candace realized it was not to be the defender's day as the Turkish infantry
scatted even when being charged by a much small force of Crusaders. Candace and
Thomas of Marle rode with Tancred into the mass of soldiers and civilians. It
was another time of slaughter. Candace hacked her way through the crowd
destroying all who came into her path. She saw Thomas of Marle reach down and
grab a small boy from his mother's arms. He rode quickly over to his squire and
handed him the screaming child. The squire tied the wrist of the boy to a line
of five other boys similarly tied. The squire held the line of six catamites as
one would fish on a string.

  The men at arms had weighed into the crowd cutting throats and looking for
treasure. Candace wondered why the Turkish and Saracen soldiers fell to their
knees before the Crusaders to be slaughtered. Candace was covered in blood. Her
horse was splattered with blood to its withers.

  Candace found herself bored and sickened with the slaughter and the lack of
battle. She looked up at the Dome of the Rock.  The mosque was located on Temple
Mount, a high point that overlooked all of Jerusalem. She knew this was the
place where the followers of the prophet believed, that Muhammad himself had
ascended into heaven. Candace left the slaughter in front of Damascus Gate and
rode up to the al-Aqsa mosque, the second holiest site in the Muslim world. She
hoped that the Saracens would make their last stand there but when she rode up
to the beautiful gold domed mosque, there was no one outside. From inside the
mosque, Candace heard screams. Candace rode her horse right into the mosque to
find the Franks slaughtering the last of the thousands of civilians who gathered
there thinking it would provide a sanctuary. There was blood spilling down over
the steps. Candace shook her head at the pointlessness of the slaughter. A
pretty young Muslim girl ran past her followed by a blonde Frankish warrior. As
he caught up with her, he released a powerful sword stroke that almost severed
her head. Her legs carried her several steps forward before she crashed to the
ground, her neck gushing a fountain of gore. Her head still attached by a small
strip of fresh.

  "Wouldn't it have been better to let her warm your bed tonight than murder
her?" called Candace to the knight. She had dismounted her warhorse.

  "Defile myself with followers of a false prophet, never," screamed the young
knight,  "They are an affront to the one true God. Any man who sleeps with the
whores of the enemy is not a Christian knight." Candace saw that his eyes were
glazed and that he had lost control to the murderer within himself. It was the
same look she'd sent at Aleppo where the Crusaders killed every last man, woman,
and child in the city. Even the animals were slaughtered.

  "I find the whores of the enemy warm companions for the cool desert nights,"
replied Candace in a calm measured voice that she knew would enrage the young
Crusader.

  "I will slaughter thee, unworthy knight," yelled the Frank hurtling forward.

  Candace waited till the last moment, stepped to one side then swung her sword
across the abdomen of the charging Crusader. He immediately knelt down
attempting to hold his intestines in as they slipped from the gaping wound.

  "I am slaughtered," whispered the young knight staring down at his hanging
guts. He pitched forward on to his face. Candace looked around to see that the
inside of the mosque was now quiet. The Crusaders had no one left to kill. A few
men at arms were searching the bodies hacking rings off dead fingers.

  Candace rode away from the Dome of the Rock. On her way, she passed a burning
synagogue. A knight she knew told her that every Jew in the Holy City had fled
there for refuge. One of the Crusader princes had ordered his men to set the
building on fire and rid the city at a single stroke of its entire Jewish
population. Some Jews half on fire were trying to escape through a side window.
A group of Flemish bowmen were calmly shooting arrows into their burning bodies
as they emerged. Candace stopped a while and listened to the screams of men and
women as they burned to death. The smell of burning flesh crept over the city.
There was a large party of monkish knights chanting a hymn as they watched the
synagogue burn. Candace stopped for a moment to listen to the words.



"O new day, new day and exultation, new and everlasting gladness.... This day,
famed through all centuries to come, turned all our sufferings and hardships
into joy and exultation; this day, the confirmation of Christianity, the
annihilation of paganism, the renewal of our faith!"

 

  Nearby, Frankish men-at-arms were raping five young Jewish girls who somehow
had escaped the conflagration. Some enterprising Franks had nailed the girls
outstretched hands to the wooden door of a stable beside the burning synagogue.

  Candace recalled it was common practice for the Crusader to crucify Jews they
encounter in the Holy Land. They considered it just revenge for the Jew's
crucifixion of Christ a thousand years before.

 Lines had formed in front of each of the five girls. As each soldier finished,
another took his place. The soldier grasped the girls' slender legs and lifted
them as they slipped their cocks into whichever orifice they desired. Blood was
seeping out of the girls' hands where the nails had been driven. Two of the
girls were crying and begging the Crusaders to stop. The others were quiet as
they endured their fate.

  Candace spurred her warhorse and hurried toward the Church of the Holy
Sepulcher.




Chapter 47 - Deutscher Madel In the Bunker



Please take note! Adults Only Literature

The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written for
adults only.

If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing this
file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
now.

This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
is purely coincidental, etc.

Email HarryBerg01@aol.com with your comments.

Copyright 2004

                                                             ****



  This is the first part of the time travel that Satan gave to Briana during the
celebration of the Black Mass. Briana is transported to the final days of the
Third Reich.



  "If one out of a thousand soldiers of the Wermacht were as brave and capable
as Fraulein Williams, the Communists and their Jewish masters would have been
destroyed on the steppes of Russia," said the Fuehrer stepping forward to pin
the Iron Cross on Briana's black wool tunic.

  Briana had been appalled at the condition of her supreme leader. There was a
noticeable twitch in his face. One of his arms hung useless by his side and he
appeared to be unable to raise it. His walk was more of a shuffle than the
stride she had come to expect from newsreels. Hitler's color was pale to the
point of whiteness. His hands trembled as he attempted to force the medal's pin
through the coarse wool material of her Wermacht uniform jacket. Briana stood
patiently at attention as her Fuehrer made several attempts to fix the medal in
place.

  "Here, allow me, Fuehrer," said Eva Braun Hitler coming to the aid of her
husband of less than a dozen hours. Eva briskly took the medal from Hitler's
shaking hands and deftly pinned it to Briana's breast.

  "You are much too pretty to be a soldier, you are so beautiful, isn't she
Fuehrer?" said Eva kissing Briana on the cheek. The smell of perfume invaded
Briana's nostrils. While Adolph Hitler looked a physical wreck, Eva Braun Hitler
appeared rested, even cheerful. Briana considered her the most beautiful woman
outside of her mother that she had ever seen. Ingrid, her best friend in the
Deutscher Madel, the girl's component of the Hitler Youth had seen Eva Braun at
a party function some months before. Briana recalled Ingrid's description of
that time.

  "She absolutely sparkles. Her smile lights up the room. She is much prettier
than any movie star. The Fuehrer adores her. His eyes never leave her," said
Ingrid when she returned to the dormitory of the special school attended by only
the most elite female members of the Hitler Youth.

  "How was she dressed?" asked Briana who had stayed up to find out what Ingrid
had seen.

  "An exquisite teal blue gown. She was wearing a necklace of perfect pearls
that the Fuehrer gave her."

  "Oh I wish I didn't have this awful cold. I told Frau Kleiner I was well
enough to go but she said that ill people are not allowed in the presence of the
Fuehrer. Germany cannot afford for him to be sick at this time when the
Communist Jews and the Americans are attacking the Fatherland."

  "I think I could style your hair exactly like hers," said Ingrid.

  "Could you really? That would be wonderful, please try," replied Briana.

  Briana wondered where Ingrid was or even if she was still alive. They had been
best friends and practically inseparable since they both arrived at school three
years ago. However, they were separated when they had been assigned to the
defense of different sectors of Berlin. Weeks had passed since they had said
their goodbyes at the school for the female members of the Hitler Youth. Both
had completed two weeks of sniper training. Normally, the course was three
months and limited to experienced military personnel. But Germany was desperate
and young women fifteen and older were being pressed into combat roles in a
final desperate defense of the Fatherland. Someone had decided that the
Deutscher Madel would make excellent snipers since it was a role that required
patience and precision.

  Briana had spent her last years at the Deutscher Madel academy studying to
become the archetype of mother required for the Reich to last a thousand years.
She planned to be sent to former Soviet territory to establish a German colony
where inferior Slavs would labor on large plantations.

   Briana had sworn an oath to always act in a manner befitting the master race.
She accepted the role of a providing Germany with racially pure Aryan male
children who would become soldiers in the SS. She expected to be bred over and
over again to produce offspring who were in every respect members of the Master
Race. She had solemnly pledged to never engage in sexual contact with cripples,
mental defectives, Jews, Slavs, Gypsies or other racially inferior persons.

  A suitable mate named Klaus Guderin had been selected as the first to breed
with Briana when she reached her sixteenth birthday. Although she had never met
the SS lieutenant, she carried his picture with her always. They frequently
exchanged letters. She sometimes took out the photo of him in his black SS
uniform and looked at it. Briana knew by heart the measurements of his head and
body that assured her Klaus was a pure Aryan. Her own measurements were
similarly that of a perfect Aryan woman.

  She had not gotten a letter from Klaus in weeks. When she last heard, his
Panzer division was in Silesia fighting the Red Army. 

  Briana's reverie was interrupted by a comment of the Minister of Propaganda.

  "Fraulein Williams is one of our most effective snipers. She has accounted for
eighty six of the enemy, I plan to feature her on a future broadcast," said
Goebbels who was standing close by with his wife Magda.  Their six children,
five girls and a boy, stood watching the medal ceremony.

  Briana was aware of the hollowness of Goebbels statement. The Red Army had
captured the Ministry of Propaganda along with its radio station days before. It
was April 29, 1945. The end of the Third Reich was very near.

  Briana was in the dining room of the third level of the Fuehrer's bunker in
the Reich Chancellery. Although she had never been allowed to visit them, she
knew there were three more levels underneath her. They contained the Fuehrer's
personal apartments and command center. It also included the living quarters of
his immediate personal staff. In spite of the distance underground, Briana could
still hear and occasionally feel the explosions of Red Army artillery shells.
The 203MM shells shook the earth when they landed.

  Briana was a member of the polyglot forces defending the Chancellery against
Zhukov's Red Army Group Center. Many of the solders were members of the Walfen
SS. Dutch and Norwegians of the Norlander Division combined with the remnants of
the French Charlemagne Division made up the majority of the defenders.
Auxiliaries from the Hitler Youth, Volkstrum, SS, SD, and the odd Wermacht
soldier completed the detachment assigned to defend the Chancellery. Briana like
her mother had a gift for languages and was able to converse in the half dozen
tongues spoken by the defenders.  General Grishin a crippled veteran of the
Eastern Front commanded the hopelessly outnumbered and outgunned defenders.
Marshall Zhukov's entire Army Group Central was concentrated on the capture of
Berlin and the Chancellery.

  What the Chancellery's defenders lacked in numbers, equipment, and tactical
cohesion, they made up with their fervor. The Walfen SS was comprised of
fanatical anti-communists. They had turned their backs on their own countries.
Each French, Dutch, or Norwegian soldier knew they would be hated, reviled as
traitors and publicly tried and executed if they ever returned to their
motherland. They had nowhere else to go and were determined to fight to the very
last.

  The Red Army was now within a few hundred yards of the Chancellery. There was
a rumor that Zhukov had promised Stalin that the Chancellery would fall by May
1, the day that the Soviets celebrated as their national holiday.

  When the brief medal ceremony over, Briana walked up the steps to the second
underground level. She entered the small vacant room she found several days
before. The room had become her refuge. It allowed her some privacy away from
the increasingly aggressive soldiers. She had noticed the way they looked at
her. Several times when she had passed groups of men in the narrow stairwells
they had reached out and touched her breasts. Lewd suggestions had been
whispered in her ears. Briana had sworn to remain a virgin until she was able to
breed with the mate selected by the Fatherland. Having sex only with a racially
pure Aryan male was one of the prime directives of the Deutscher Madel.  However
as the battle against the Red Army looked increasingly hopeless, Briana had come
to realize the pointlessness of maintaining racial purity in a dying cause.
Viewing the physical condition of Adolph Hitler had only added to her feeling of
hopelessness.

  Brian sensed how exhausted she was when she entered the closet like room off
the main hallway. Her sniper rifle and several blankets were stacked neatly in
the corner. Briana arranged the blankets; took off her boots, lay down on the
floor and fell instantly sleep from exhaustion.

   It soon would be daylight and she would have to climb the stairs to above
ground and become a sniper. Before first light, she would ascend high into the
shell-like remains of the Chancellery and find a vantage point among the ruins.
She'd lay absolutely still watching for a target. Briana was keenly aware that
there were snipers in the Red Army who would be looking for her as well. Several
times, bullets had missed her by inches. One had passed through the cloth cap
she wore to hide her blonde curls. Sergeant Klintz, her commander, had been
killed the day before by a Soviet sniper. The death of the Sergeant had left
Briana without anyone to report to, not that it mattered anymore. Without the
Sergeant, there was no one to even talk to. She was now completely on her own.

  The Sergeant had been a sniper in the First World War. In his sixties, he had
been forced to join the Volkstrum. He had treated her kindly, almost like a
daughter and reacted fiercely when other soldiers made comments of a sexual
nature. He showed her pictures of his own daughter and his two sons. Both boys
had been killed on the Russian front. The Sergeant had been killed when he went
to investigate why one of his charges had not returned. The same Soviet sniper
that killed the young boy that the Sergeant went to check on probably killed the
Sergeant.

  Inside her tunic, Briana kept a small notebook that detailed each of her
eighty-six kills. The date and time, circumstances, location and rank if known
were printed in her neat hand.  She had been taught to keep such a record in
sniper school. In spite of being a tall lanky fifteen-year-old girl, the
grizzled veterans treated her with respect when they learned she was incredibly
gifted as a marksperson.  Furthermore, she had the patience and methodical
nature required for a sniper. She could remain motionless for hours.

  "I've never seen her waste a bullet, one shot means one dead Russki, she's an
angel of death," was what Sergeant Klintz had said. Her angelically beautiful
facial features and curly blonde hair caused the nickname to stick. Several
times, she saw soldiers pointing her out to others and she heard the phrase
"angel of death" repeated. They had even begun to call her "angel" rather than
Briana or Fraulein Williams.

  After two weeks of continuous battle, Briana was one of the few snipers still
alive. At first, there had been over thirty in Sergeant Klintz's sniper
detachment. Now it was only Briana and a boy from Cologne. And maybe he was
dead; she had not seen him in the last few hours.

  Briana woke with a start when someone touched her foot. She looked up to see
an SS Major. He was standing over her with a bottle of cognac in his hand.

  "Want to join the party?" asked the officer she recognized as Major Franz
Betz. He had obviously been drinking. Somehow he had found Briana's secret room.
There was an unlimited supply of schnapps, brandy, cognac, and champagne stored
in the bunker. As the Red Army closed in and the hopelessness of the situation
became increasingly apparent, the amount of alcohol consumed rose dramatically.
Many of the bunker's defenders were always drunk.

  "No thank you, sir," said Briana mindful she was speaking to a major in the
SS. Absolute obedience to a superior officer had been drilled into Briana's head
over the last five years.

  "Suit yourself but we're going to have a private party right here in your cozy
little hide-a-way, you can stay or go as you please."

  Major Betz left for a few minutes then returned with two other officers Briana
recognized, Captain Reinhardt Heinz also SS and Lieutenant Marcel Gaston of the
Walfen SS's Charlemagne Division. They brought two young women who Briana took
to be in there twenties. They were carrying armfuls of blankets, food, and
several bottles of champagne and cognac. The girls and the officers had already
been drinking.

  "This is perfect," said one of the women looking at the small room, "we can
enjoy ourselves here without everyone joining in."

  Berliners were starving. However, the Bunker had an enormous supply of
foodstuffs and spirits. Nightly, SS officers went out among the civilian
population and invited attractive young women to the Bunker for food and drink
in return for sex. The hungry women were shameless about it. Briana had
encountered drunken females walking the corridors naked. The women were willing
to couple with any soldier they happened upon in the dark. As the war ended and
hunger grew, the morals of the German people disappeared.

  "Who's this little angel?" asked one of the women sitting down on the floor
and pointing to Briana. She had inadvertently used Briana's nickname.

  "Hilda, Elise, this is Briana, we call her the angel of death," said the
Major.

  "She's so pretty, too pretty to be a soldier but pretty enough to be an
angel," said the pale brunette named Elise. Briana saw that Elise's dress was
unbuttoned almost to her waist.

  "She keeps a little book where she writes down everything after she kills a
man. Show them the little book, angel," said Captain Heinz.

  "Don't tease her, Reinhardt, she'll think we're mean, come here child and let
Hilda embrace you like a sister," said Hilda leaning over to give Briana a hug.
In spite of the circumstances, Briana felt herself melting into the warm arms of
the older girl. It had been months since she had been in her parent's arms.
Briana's mother and father were safe in the West. The Americans had captured her
father at Normandy when his staff car made a wrong turn. The Americans had
occupied her mother's family estate when they crossed the Rhine. Hilda's arms
around her felt comforting. Briana had gone out every morning for the last two
weeks expecting to die. Every night she had returned to the Bunker and listened
as the Sergeant called the roll. Each day there were fewer responses. With the
death of the Sergeant, there was no one to even call the roll. Her isolation was
complete.

  Still, Briana knew what kind of party the officers and the women would have.
It would end in an orgy that was no place for a girl who had taken a sacred oath
to remain racially pure.

  Briana considered getting up and leaving. But it was dangerous to go outside.
And if she just moved somewhere else in the Bunker, she was just as likely to
find the same thing happening. Briana could at least hope the SS officers would
treat her with more respect than enlisted men. She knew of girls being raped in
the dark halls by privates and corporals. Briana had acquired a 9MM Luger from
her sergeant as protection.

  "Stay with us, we'll see they leave you alone," said Elise, "Hilda and I can
take care of these three, can't we?"

  "Yes, don't go, it's better for you in here with us," said Hilda. Hilda had
taken Briana's hand and gave it a reassuring squeeze.

  The women insisted Briana join them and Briana surprised herself by agreeing.
She had not appreciated the state of her loneliness until now. The six arranged
themselves seated in a circle on the floor of the room.

  "Cognac?" asked the Major handing Briana a bottle.

  "Thank you, Major," said Briana. Briana took the bottle and had a small
draught. The liquid burned her throat but it relaxed her.

  "Call me Franz," whisper the Major, "People who are going to die together
shouldn't be so formal with one another."

  The Major set out a wheel of cheese and began to slide wedges with a bayonet.
Briana was seated between the Major and the Captain.

  "They say that when the Spandau fortress surrendered, the Communists took
every woman there and raped her dozens of times out in the prison courtyard. Old
women and girls as young as ten were gang raped while relatives and neighbors
were made to watch. The let the Asiatic Cossacks and Mongols rape the women who
looked Aryan. They raped mothers in front of their children and husbands. One
pregnant woman was raped until she had a miscarriage and lost her baby," said
Hilda. Spandau fortress was only a few kilometers away, on the other side of the
city.

  Briana had heard stories about how Stalin had ordered the Red Army to rape
every German woman they encountered. Briana like all German females had seen the
pictures of what the Red Army did to German women when they captured the East
Prussian town of Nemmersdorf the previous summer.  The Red Army had only held
the town for a week before a Wermacht counterattack recaptured it. The pictures
of the seventy-two raped, tortured and murdered German women had been widely
distributed by the Ministry of Propaganda. Briana had read the account of the
Swiss Red Cross worker who happened to be present when the Russians first raped
all the women then turned them over to some Polish convicts. The Poles also
raped the women then used saws to cut off their breasts.  The photograph of a
young girl Briana's age naked and nailed to a barn door with two gaping wounds
where her breasts used to be was an image burned into Briana's brain. Briana was
determined not to be captured alive. As a member of the Hitler Youth, Briana was
aware that she would not survive capture and that her death would be a painful
one. Dying in battle seemed much the preferable way to end her life.

  "So you two will be raped when the Reds win," said Lieutenant Gaston, "Here,
let me show you exactly how they will go about it." The Lieutenant pulled Elise
to him and slipped a hand inside her blouse and fondled her breast. She didn't
resist as his hand exposed her breast and he bent down to kiss the dark nipple.

  "The Chinese have a saying. If rape is inevitable, you might as well lie back
and enjoy it," said Captain Heinz. Captain Heinz started kissing Hilda and
slipped his hand up her skirt.  Briana watched as Hilda moved her leg to permit
the Captain to feel her sex.

  "And what will you do, Briana, will you lie back and enjoy it?" asked Major
Betz placing his arm around Briana's shoulder and offering her another drink
from his bottle of cognac. Briana took another small swallow. Somehow the idea
of drinking enough to get drunk seemed all right to her. She had been through so
much the last two weeks.

  "I'll die first. I've never been with a man," announced Briana emboldened by
the effects of the cognac. The alcohol, fatigue, and emotional strain of living
with death had loosened Briana's normal reserve and shyness.

  "Really, you're a virgin, how old are you Briana?" asked Elise who was
ignoring the fact that Lieutenant Gaston had exposed both her breasts and was
sucking one of her nipples while his hand caressed the other breast.

  "Fifteen, I'm a Deutscher Madel. I took an oath of racial purity."

  "Fifteen, so there is such a thing as a fifteen year old virgin in Germany,"
laughed Lieutenant Gaston.

  "You're teasing her again, Marcel, Here let me do this before you tear
something, " said Elise standing up to finish removing her dress. Elise slipped
out of her brassiere and removed her slip. Next she slipped down her panty. All
that remained was a garter belt and stockings. Briana forced herself not to
stare at the dark patch of hair that covered Elise's sex. Her breasts were small
and the nipples very dark. Elise was thin and tall as were many German women who
had eaten sparingly the last few years.

  Captain Heinz pulled Hilda to her feet.

  "Your turn," said the Captain to Hilda as he pulled her to her feet. Hilda
held her arms out so the Captain could finish unbuttoning her blouse and pulling
the material out of the waistband of her skirt. She slowly removed her brassiere
exposing a large pair of breasts that she was obviously very proud of. She
cupped her hands under each tit so the Captain could kiss her nipples.

  "Magnificent," murmured the Captain as he kissed her breasts and sucked her
nipples.

  Next, Hilda turned her back to the Captain so he could unzip her skirt. She
let the skirt fall to the floor as the Captain took her in his arms and kissed
her passionately.  He ground his crotch against her and let out a loud growl.

  "I'm like a dog in heat," announced the Captain as he pressed his groin
against Hilda' ample bottom.

  "Allow me, Fraulein," said the Captain as he knelt down to pull Hilda's slip
down.  The Captain quickly removed Hilda's panties. He turned her backside to
the group and spoke as he ran his hand over Hilda's bottom.

  "Is that not a perfect bottom for a German girl? See how it has exactly the
right teardrop shape, just the right amount of curve to make a good German boy
hard?"

  "I must agree, it's an excellent rear and a very nice large set of tits. The
Red Army will enjoy them immensely," said Lieutenant Gaston.

  "Let's not speak of things like that tonight," said Hilda, "You'll frighten
our little angel. She probably thinks we're very mean as it is. Here, I'll make
a toast," Hilda sat down and raised her glass in a toast.

  "I say let's live for the pleasures of this moment. What comes tomorrow,
comes. We women will do what we have to in order to survive. If that means, we
let the Red Army between our legs so be it. But tonight, I'm spreading my legs
for the German army." As Hilda spoke she spread in hers in a V-shape and pulled
her labia apart to expose her vagina.

  "Prost," was spoken in unison. Briana took a swallow of cognac and bit into
the cheese and bread the Major handed her. Briana felt a slight buzz in her head
from the alcohol.

  "Now your turn, angel, I will help you, a woman should not have to take her
own clothes off the first time she allows a man to see her body," said Major
Betz standing up and pulling Briana to her feet. Briana realized that the Major
was asking her to strip like the other two women. Somehow, she couldn't find the
will to resist.

  "Look at her blush," giggled Elise who had taken the Lieutenant's cock out of
his trousers and was stroking it.

  "I love the breasts of young German girls, there's nothing more beautiful,"
said Major Betz as he began to fumble with the buttons of Briana's uniform
blouse.

  Briana stood quietly as Major Beta removed her blouse. Next he pulled the
camisole over her head. The camisole was a gift from her mother. It was
embroidered with fine Belgium lace.

  "How pretty," said Hilda picking up the camisole and examining it after the
Major dropped it to the floor.

  The Major turned Briana around to where she was facing the fall. He quickly
unsnapped her brassiere and slipped it over her shoulders allowing it to fall to
the floor.

  "Show us," exclaimed Captain Heinz as he massaged one of Hilda's sizeable
breasts.

  Briana half expected Major Betz to turn her around but he didn't.

  "Yes, Briana, show everyone how beautiful you are, turn around," said the
Major.

  Briana slowly turned around resisting the urge the raise her arms and cover
her breasts with her hands.

  "You are exquisite, I drink to your beauty," said Captain Heinz obviously
taken with the perfect size and shape of Briana's breasts.

  "Look how charming. There's still just the tiny bit of young girl puffiness
about the areola. Turn sideways, Briana so everyone can see," said the Major who
turned Briana so the group was looking at her standing profile, " See right
there, isn't that lovely?" The Major traced his finger over the slight rise that
began a quarter inch before the rose pink of her areola.

   "See what a beautiful shade of pink surrounds her nipples." The Major slowly
traced his fingers around Briana's areola then moved his thumbs over her nipples
causing her nipples to harden.

  "Virgin or not, you're getting her nipples hard, Major," laughed Lieutenant
Gaston.

  "Show us the rest," said the Captain beginning to undress himself with some
help from Hilda.

  "Allow me," said the Major. Major Betz unbuttoned her uniform trousers and let
them drop to the floor. Candace had removed her boots when she first arrived.
She placed her hand on the Major's shoulder to steady her as he knelt down so
she could step out of her trousers. The Major didn't hesitate to grab the waste
band of her panties and pull them down.

  "An exquisite delta of Venus, come here Briana, I want to see more closely,"
said Lieutenant Gaston who like Captain Heinz had fully undressed. Briana
glanced at their hard cocks. Her experience with male anatomy was limited and
based on pictures not actual viewings. Briana took the few steps to stand
directly in front of Elise and the Lieutenant.  Behind her, Briana sensed that
Major Betz was undressing.

  "She's made so pretty. See how beautifully she's formed," said Elise leaning
forward to look closely at Briana's sex,  "She could be a model."

  "Briana, let's drink to this example of the perfection of German womanhood,
your body was made to accept the love of a man," said Lieutenant Gaston.

  "Or a woman," said Elise placing her hand on Briana's pubis and slowly moving
her finger across her clitoris. That caused Briana to take a deep breath that
caused a low moan to rise from her throat. Briana realized the bottle of cognac
was still in her hand so she took another swallow.

 "Ah, our little angel purrs like a kitten when she's stroked" remarked Captain
Heinz.

 "Here, let's show them what will really make you purr," said Elise.  Elise
raised herself from a seated position to a kneeling one. She placed her hands on
Briana's buttocks and pulled her pubis to where it touched her face. Briana felt
her body tremble and knees shake as Elise's tongue traced a warm and wet trail
across her clitoris. Briana moaned longer and louder this time.

  "More purrs from our kitten, she likes her pussy stroked," laughed Captain
Heinz.

  "Turn around and show Hilda your pudenda, Briana," said Elise.

  Briana turned her body to Hilda who drew her closer. Hilda used both hands to
part Briana's labia exposing her clitoris. Hilda flicked her clitoris with the
tip of a polished red fingernail. Once again, Briana found herself emitting a
lot moan when her clitoris was stroked.

  "Did you ever engage in the Sapphic Arts with your school mates?" asked
Lieutenant Gaston.

  "No, That was strictly forbidden. You would be expelled in disgrace if they
caught you making love to another Deutscher Madel," answered Briana.

  "Unfortunately, no one is going to expel you from here," laughed Captain
Heinz.

  "I would love to see that," said the Major.

  "See what, Major?" asked the Captain.

  "See Hilda and Elise make love to Briana. Briana, your virginity would not be
compromised. In German folk mythology, the love between women was considered
sacred," said the Major.

  Briana looked around her. Everyone including her was now naked. Hilda was
stroking the cocks of both the Captain and the Lieutenant. They were kissing her
breasts.  Elise had bent over to suck the large cock of Major Betz. Briana found
herself without the will to resist what's happening. She didn't expect to live
past tomorrow or the day after. Somehow everything she had sworn to uphold
seemed so pointless. The Major interpreted the fact that Briana did not object
as Yes.

   "Lay down on your back, Briana. Let Hilda and Elise do the rest," said the
Major with a distinct impression of the authority of his superior rank.

  Briana felt almost disembodied as she sunk to first her knees and then onto
her back in the middle of the circle of five.  Briana felt two hands grab her
ankles and push her legs further apart. A mouth took one nipple and another
mouth her other. Hands stroked between her legs parting her labia and stroking
the tiny mound of flesh that seemed capable of producing so much pleasure.

  A soft tongue flicked the tiny highly sensitive nub of flesh and Briana rose
up and moaned in ecstasy. She knew there was a third mouth on her body but
didn't care. She felt the slight beard stubble of a male jaw on her labia. She
found herself unable to object as the waves of pleasure washed over her body.

  "Using your tongue to make love to a woman is an art we French perfected,"
said Lieutenant Gaston. His voice came from a direction only a few inches above
Briana pubis.

  "I say leave the muff diving to you French, do you agree Major?" asked Captain
Heinz.

  Briana sensed bodies being rearranged. She opened her eyes and looked to one
side where the Captain was taking the Major's large cock into his mouth. The SS
was notorious for its homosexual practices. Briana had wondered whether her
Klaus participated in homosexual sex. The Major was able to reach over to
Captain Heinz's cock and stroke it while the Captain sucked him.

  It wasn't long before Briana felt the onrush of her orgasm. Three mouths were
busily pleasuring her body. The three changed positions ever so often. Before
long, Briana felt the long curls of a one of the women tickle her thighs. The
pleasure reminded her of ridding ever-increasing ocean waves at the beach in the
Adriatic where her parents took her on holiday. She would travel along for a
moment only to switch to an even larger and faster wave until at last in a
moment of intense ecstasy she crashed onto the sandy beached and slowly rolled
in the warm shallow surf.

  "Watching a young girl reach an orgasm while many mouths are pleasuring her is
so erotic," said Lieutenant Gaston, "I think Briana would not object if we
showed her other pleasures."

  "As the senior officer, I claim the honor of being first," said the voice of
Major Betz as Briana felt him climb between her legs. She knew what he was going
to do but she had no desire to resist. What did it matter? She would be dead
tomorrow or the next day.

  "Rank has it privileges," said the Captain.

  "Our little angel is very wet, but be gentle, it's important a girl has a good
memory of her first time, here let me spread her flower open so she can enjoy
the sensation of being entered by a man for the first time," said Elise.

  Briana's skin was covered with a thin film of perspiration. Elise's fingers
pushed her labia back to expose her opening. Elise's fingers pressed inside her
vagina causing her to moan.

  "She's ready," whispered Elise.

   She felt the Major's hard cock slid between her labia. There was a back and
forth sensation as his cock head rubbed between her clitoris and the opening to
her vagina. The cock head settled in her opening and pushed slightly inside. She
was so wet that the tip of his cock quickly found and settled in the tiny
opening. She could feel the weight of his naked body stretched along hers. His
muscular thighs pressed against hers.

  Briana had a strong sense of erotic pleasure as she felt the Major's weight
press down on her. The pleasure was centered on the contact between his muscular
pubic mound with its curly hairs and her clitoris. She rotated her sex upward
then downward anxious to increase the pleasure provided by friction.

  "Open you eyes and look at me as I take you, Angel," said the Major. "After
this moment, you will no longer be a virgin."

  Briana opened her eyes. The Major's face was only inches away. She could smell
the cognac on his breath. She wrapped her arms around the Major's shoulders and
she shifted the position of her legs to better accommodate what she knew was
going to happen. The soles of her feet met the floor and braced themselves. The
Major's mouth moved to hers and a long passionate kiss followed. His tongue
invaded her mouth and married with hers in a pool of warm saliva.

  "Our little Deutscher Madel is anxious to be deflowered," said Lieutenant
Gaston almost solemnly.

  Briana inhaled deeply as the Major's cock began its journey. The Major pushed
slowly inside her. Briana had no hymen but it was a cavity unused to the
invasion of a large and hard male member. There was a strong sense of being
stretch in a painful fashion. Briana considered asking the Major to withdraw but
decided to endure the pain a while longer. The girls had been taught at the
school that the first attempts at vaginal intercourse were likely to be painful.
However, for the sake of the thousand years Reich, they were to endure the pain
and even make sure their partner enjoyed having sex with them. Briana commanded
her lower abdomen to relax as she took deep breaths to control the pain.
Finally, the Major's cock reached the depth where she felt his balls touch her
buttocks. Her vagina was conscious of the pressure and even some discomfort but
she found herself wanting more.

  "Your virginity is a thing of history," announced the Major as he withdrew his
cock and this time plunged it inward with greater speed and force. Briana
groaned as she felt her cavity expanded by the length and girth of the Major's
cock.

  "Thank you, Major," whispered Briana her entire body clinging to the
sensations coming from her sex.

  "Excellent, Major, you have taken the virginity of the Angle of Death," said a
drunken Captain Heinz, "I'm going to fuck her next."

  "Try to relax, Angel, take a couple of more deep breathes, you will begin to
enjoy Franz's cock in a few more strokes," advised Elise reaching out to massage
Briana's breast.

  "She's very warm inside and its holds my cock firmly," said the Major.

  The Major began to raise and lower himself vigorously. Briana flexed her long
legs then raised them and rested her ankles on the Major's buttocks. Briana
found herself grunting each time he thrust into her. Her pleasure increased as
his forceful stroking continued. Briana used her locked ankles to leverage
herself upward to meet the Major's downward strokes.

  "She learns quickly how to take her pleasure from a man," said Hilda.

  "Our angel has tinted her wings crimson with virgin blood," said Lieutenant
Gaston as he reached between the Major's buttocks to dip a finger into the small
trickle of blood that seeped out of Briana's vagina toward her anus. Briana felt
the finger touch her. She watched as the Lieutenant exhibited the red digit for
everyone to see. Then he placed the incarnate finger in his mouth and sucked on
it.

  "In the Middle Ages, people believed the blood of virgins had magical powers,"
said the Lieutenant.

  The Major tried several different positions including one where Briana's legs
were placed on his shoulders and she bent double as he pounded into her. Her
body adapted and she experienced a slow transition of sensation that moved from
discomfort to intense pleasure. By the end, Briana enjoyed the presence of the
Major inside her and considered the pleasure wonderful but very different from
anything she had experienced before.

  "Finally, the Major rose up thrust inside as far as he could reach and
climaxed. He rolled off Candace breathing heavily.  Briana felt the Major's
semen slowly trickling out of her vagina.

  "See, that didn't hurt so bad. You only bled a drop or two. Your first time
was much easier than mine. Have some more champagne to celebrate?" offered
Hilda. Briana took the bottle and swallowed. Hilda was right. It hadn't hurt
horribly, perhaps a little uncomfortable at first but it felt wonderful for the
most part. She looked down and saw the Major's sperm seeping out her opening.
Curious, she reached down and captured a drop on the tip of her finger then
touched the finger to her lips. It tasted salty.

  "And what was your first time, Hilda?" asked Captain Heinz who was lying back
against the wall while Elise sucked his cock.

  "My Uncle Reinhardt raped me when I was thirteen," responded Hilda.

  "Are you sure, you didn't rape him?" asked Lieutenant Gaston.

  "Quite the contrary, my family and my father's brother's were camping at a
lake near our home in Bavaria. My Uncle came into my tent at night, put his hand
over my mouth and took me. He didn't prepare me. He forced himself inside me as
I tried to scream. The next day he bought me presents."

  "Did you tell your parents?" asked Elise.

  "Yes, I told my mother. She got very angry with me and told me to never speak
of it again. My father worked in a factory owned by his brother."

  "What happened afterwards?"

  "That night he came back and raped me again. He did it ever night until the
trip ended."

  "I suppose we can say your experience with your uncle prepares you for what's
going to happen when Berlin surrenders to the Red Army. Anyway, I'm going next
with our Angel," said Captain Heinz as he climbed on top of Briana.

  Briana surprised herself by adjusting her body to accommodate the Captain
without giving it much thought.  There was a moment when she asked herself why
she was allowing this to happen. But her mind could not provide a plausible
reason to resist. The Captain's cock easily slipped into her wet hole. While he
fucked her, Briana was surprised to see the Major and Hilda alternating burying
their face in the crack of the Captain's ass. They were taking turns licking his
asshole. Briana had understood that in the final days of the Bunker's defense,
the soldiers seeing their impending death became completely decadent. Nothing
was too immoral or degrading not to be performed.

  The Captain sprayed his semen inside her. After a brief respite in which Hilda
had sucked on her clitoris to make her reach an orgasm, Lieutenant Gaston
mounted her. The Lieutenant made her change positions several times. He
positioned her on all fours and took her from the rear.

  "Look at that perfect rosebud, "said the Lieutenant touching a moistened
finger to her anus and pushing it inside to the first knuckle.

  "Oh, that feels good," exclaimed Briana as her body reacted to that orifice
being penetrated for the first time.

  "I believe our Angel has the making of a great courtesan. Most girls her age
would be begging me to take my finger out of her ass," said Marcel.

  "No, it feels good, please push it in and out," said Briana experiencing a
wave of pleasure as her anal ring squeezed the Lieutenants finger.

  "Marcel, I'll wet her ass so you can use two fingers. Let me kiss it," said
Elise. Briana felt Elise's warm tongue gently lick her anus. Afterwards, the
Lieutenant slipped more fingers in her anus and stroked her butt hole as he
fucked her on all fours. In moments, Briana began to orgasm and unlike the
others, this one only led to another as she climaxed over and over again.

  "Apparently, marksmanship is not the only thing our little Angel excels at,"
said Major Betz who had been observing Briana's multiple orgasms while Captain
Heinz and Hilda sucked his cock.

  After the Lieutenant climaxed, Briana crawled over to a corner to rest and
watch the others.

  Captain Heinz had positioned himself on all fours. Elise was underneath him
sucking his cock. Major Betz was stroking his cock into the Captain's butt hole.
Captain Heinz was grunting each time, the Major pushed inside him.

  "Come here, Angel, and I'll teach you how to pleasure a man with your mouth,"
said Hilda who was sucking Lieutenant Gaston's cock. Briana crawled over and
followed Hilda's directions taking the head of Lieutenant Gaston's cock in her
mouth. Hilda showed her how to lick and suck the Lieutenant's scrotum gently
taking one of his gonads in her mouth and massaging it with her tongue. Briana
surprised herself when without hesitating she joined Hilda in licking his
asshole and penetrating it with her fingers. The alternated. One would suck the
Lieutenant's balls or tongue his anus while the other sucked his cock.

  "I'm going to cum," said the Lieutenant after they had orally pleasured him
for a period of time.

  "You take it in your mouth, Briana, but don't swallow it yet. We'll kiss and
share it," said Hilda.

  Briana felt the warm semen drop onto her tongue. She engaged in passionate
kisses with Hilda that turned into a prolonged session where they make love to
each other's sex with their mouths. Briana had her third climax.

  Afterwards Briana drank more cognac and ate a tin of beluga caviar the Major
gave her. The lovemaking resumed. Over the next several hours, they had
uninhibited group sex. Briana and the two women engaged in a long session of
lesbian sex as the three officers watched and masturbated. As soon as the three
females climaxed, the officers climbed on them for intercourse in which the men
changed partners every few minutes. At some point, Briana went to sleep nestled
between the Major and Hilda. She could feel the warmth of Hilda's large breasts
against her back.




Chapter 48 - The Holy Sepulcher



Please take note! Adults Only Literature

The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written for
adults only.

If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing this
file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
now.

This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
is purely coincidental, etc.

Email HarryBerg01@aol.com with your comments.

Copyright 2004

                                                             ****



  This is the second part dream sequence that Satan gave to Candace during the
celebration of the Black Mass. Candace returns to the Jerusalem during its sack
by the Crusaders.



    Candace rode on the Via Delorossa towards the Church of the Holy Sepulcher,
the holiest place in Christendom. It was the same path she had walked with the
Tenth Legion leading Christ to his crucifixion. The streets were strewn with
bodies.  Buildings were on fire. Crusaders were rushing everywhere searching for
the inhabitants of the city they came to save for Christ. Candace passed groups
of Crusaders raping young women and girls in the street. There were naked bodies
of young girls with their legs spread and a pool of blood surrounding the
opening of their vagina. Their last rapist had been the Crusader's sword.

  When Candace reached the large church, there were the dead bodies of the Greek
Orthodox and other non-Roman clergy and nuns scattered about the courtyard in
front of the huge doors to the cathedral. Most of the nun's bodies were
partially naked and the position of their legs indicated they had been raped.
One nun's nude body lay backward across a water barrel. Her legs widely
separated. A Crusader had used her large rosary to strangle her to death.

 With the exception of St. Peters in Rome, the Church of the Holy Sepulcher was
the largest church in Christendom. Six different sects of Christianity had
peacefully shared this immense place of worship for centuries. Roman Catholic
and the Eastern Orthodox were the principal ones with Coptic Christians a close
third. There was a large population of Coptic Christians living in Jerusalem
that morning but few survived by nightfall.

  Immediately inside the cathedral entranceway, Candace recognized the huge
boulder that was split in two when on the third day Christ rose from the dead.
This was the boulder used to seal Christ's tomb by the Romans. It rolled away
from the tomb's entrance when Christ arose from the dead.

  There were many naked or near naked nuns being raped by Crusaders. The Franks
were openly sodomising several young boys. The rumor had spread among the
Crusaders that the priests and nuns of the cathedral had been engaged in satanic
rights and had raised the Prophet Mohammed over Jesus Christ in their worship.

  One knight was raping an aged sister on top of the slit boulder. Her thin legs
were kicking in the air as he vigorously pumped his cock inside her until
recently virgin cunt. Other nuns were lying on the stone pavement with a
Frankish warrior between their legs. There was a constant din of their begging
the knights to stop and God to help them. In front of each sister, there was a
line of knights or men at arms waiting their turn. As soon as a knight finished,
another immediately replaced him. Candace looked down at a pretty young sister
at her feet. She was staring vacantly over the shoulder of a Crusader as he
raped her. The knight looked up at Candace and spoke.

  "Want her next, Sir Knight?  If you don't want her, I'll give her to my
squire. He's anxious to have a go at her."

  Candace shook her head and walked further into the church. When she reached
the Chapel of the Crucifixion, she saw Father Gregory preparing to say Mass. The
bodies of dead priests and nuns surrounded him. There was a Coptic priest in his
vestments with his head split open lying across the end of the altar. Sightless
eyes stared upward at the giant dome of the cathedral. His strange cap adorned
with mystical symbols of stars and moon contained a gaping red smeared hole, a
wound from a Frankish axe. The Coptic priest's blood and brains spilled out onto
the white marble of the altar dripping slowly onto the marble floor. At the side
of the altar three Frankish knights were raping a nun.

  "I'll make this defiler of Christ's tomb squeal," said one of the knights who
had forced the nun's knees back to her ears and was pushing his erect cock into
her bloody cunt.

  "Pull out a minute and let me cut her again," said a knight kneeling beside
them.

  Candace watched as the knight pulled his cock out of the nun's crimson vagina.
His companion stuck a dagger into the nun's opening and twisted it around
causing more blood to gush forth. The nun screamed and writhed as the dagger cut
into the walls of her vagina.

  "I'll fix her other opening too," said the knight as he stuck the double
bladed dagger into the nun's rectum and twisted it. A second fountain of blood
poured from her anus. The other knight stuck his cock back inside the blood
filed hole and began to rape her once more.

  "That's better. Her blood is purifying my cock. Bathing it in the warm blood
of this whore who defiled the tomb of Christ will earn me passage into
eternity," breathed the knight as he resumed thrusting into the screaming nun.

  "Hurry and finish. I want her before she goes to hell," commented the knight
with the dagger.

  "Greetings my child, I saw you on the wall at Jaffa Gate. You were
magnificent," said Father Gregory greeting Candace.

  "Father Gregory, I thought you would be here," said Candace stepping forward
to kneel and kiss the outstretch hand.

  "I'm Bishop Adhemar today. Yes, I wanted to be the first to celebrate Mass in
this holy place where Christ was crucified and buried. Of course, it had to be
cleansed of the non Roman Catholics, a task the Crusader knights are handling
with enormous enthusiasm."

  "I think the knights have also killed a number of Roman Catholics. Aren't the
nuns they're rapping of an order founded near Rome?"

  "Yes, how observant of you. Of course in the heat of battle, mistakes are
made. The Franks are certainly enjoying their victory. I would have thought that
one would have died some time ago given the quantity of blood she's lost."
Father Gregory gestured toward the nearby nun being raped and tortured by the
knights. There was a yard wide pool of blood surrounding her body.

  "How many of the population are slaughtered?"

  "History says between sixty and one hundred thousand. Of course, at that time,
demographics were anything but an exact science. It only stopped when the Franks
were unable to find anyone else to kill. The chroniclers of the massacre being
good Christians have nothing bad to say about it. The Master considers this a
very great day in the history of Christianity."

  "The mosque is full of dead Muslims, the synagogue of burned Jews and this
cathedral of dead Christians. I can see why the Master would be pleased."

  "Do you remember it from your first visit?"

  "Yes, but it is much changed."

  "True, but surely you must recognize the boulder where you sat and pleasured
yourself while Christ and the two thieves were crucified. You were absolutely
shameless that day. Your fingers were buried in your pussy as you watched the
crucifixion. You were positively dripping as you watched those nails being
driven into their flesh. You made a small puddle of cum and vagina fluid on top
of the large rock. You were also drunk on Roman wine. You kept pissing yourself.
That night they used the boulder to seal his tomb.

  "I recall it well, I had screwed the two thieves in the dungeon and their two
jailers. While the Pharisees watched, I gave Jesus half and half in the
courtyard of the Fortress Antonia. The Pharisee women almost had an orgasm when
they saw the size of his cock. I thought the crowd was going to join in they
were so excited. I was out of my mind with lust."

  "And afterwards the Romans took you over and over again. It was on this very
ground under our feet that eighty members of the First Cohort enjoyed you that
day. What a drunken slut you were? Do you remember drinking wine and being
fucked senseless by the legionnaires?  It was your first real group fuck."

  "I remember it well and thank the Master for the pleasure he gave me that
day."

  "Would you like to receive Holy Communion?"

  "Yes, Father."

  "Then kneel and partake of the body and blood of Christ on this most sacred
ground. Afterwards, you can serve as my altar boy. The Franks, I'm afraid, have
buggered and killed the ones who were here."

  Later, after Mass, Candace was seated beside Father Gregory. There were only a
handful of knights left in the church. There were few nuns alive or with dead
bodies warm enough to fuck. During the Mass, Candace functioned as Father
Gregory's altar boy reciting the proper responses to the Latin Liturgy and
helping him give communion to the knights especially those actively engaged in
rape. It was somewhat bizarre to walk up to a knight pounding his cock into a
half dead nun, tap on his shoulder and motion for him to open his mouth and
accept the white wafer. Father Gregory dutifully intoned "Body of Christ, blood
of Christ," as he placed the white wafer on the outstretched tongue. Two of the
nuns pleaded with Father Gregory to stop their rape but he ignored them. Father
Gregory and Candace conversed afterwards.

  "Has anyone discovered your secret?" asked Father Gregory.

  "As far as I know only Sir Thomas of Marle. He saw Jeffrey and I taking a bath
in a pool near Aleppo. He witnessed us having sex. I gather watching excited
him. The horny bastard took time during the battle for Jaffa Gate to feel
between my legs."

  "And you returned the favor?"

  "Yes, I felt a serious engine of war that I am anxious to test."

  "He won't be a problem. The Master has a certain fondness for that bad boy
knight. Unfortunately, he comes to a bad end when he returns home after the
crusade."

  "How so?"

  "He fancied a ring worn by the Cardinal of Rouen. When the poor cleric
couldn't get it off his finger quickly enough, Sir Thomas impatiently hacked the
ring finger off with his sword. The Cardinal happened to be an important ally of
Louis VI the kingly saint. Saint Louis took offence and managed to conduct a
successful siege of Thomas's castle at Laon. When Louis captured Thomas, he
decided against an easy death."

  "Sir Thomas does not seem to be the type who would die in bed," responded
Candace.

  "Saint Louis himself directed his execution. They stripped Sir Thomas then
tied his hands behind his back and his ankles together. Louis by his own hand
took a length of silk rope and bound it tightly around the base of Sir Thomas's
balls. It took three men at arms to raise Sir Thomas off the ground and up in
the air suspended only by his nut sack.

   He hung like that in the square of Laon for a full day while all the
townsfolk watched. His tendency to grab their sons off the street and take them
to his castle for buggery did not endear him to his subjects. He screamed for
someone to kill him but the king forbade that preferring that the rope be his
executioner. Many wagered as to the hour when his privates would give away and
his viscera pour forth. But he lasted all day and the next morning, there was
Sir Thomas still twisting in the wind."

  "Amazing, you would have thought they would rip off."

  "They were certainly much stretched but still intact. Louis had him lowered to
the ground, took out a jewel dagger and castrated Sir Thomas as the townspeople
watched. You should have heard the crowd cheer when Louis flung the bloody
carrion into their midst. Louis was angered by Sir Thomas's insistence on
continuing to live. He placed a heated iron against the wound and cauterized it
to staunch the flow of blood. After that, Louis had his chief executioner insert
a long necked funnel in Thomas's ass. The executioner slowly poured molten lead
into his bowels through the funnel. Thomas died the next day. It wasn't a very
pleasant death."

  "He is a brute but an interesting one."

  "Ah, my dear Candace is horny for the Lion of Laon. You know he prefers boys,
preferably very young ones."

  "He prefers ass holes to cunts but I have one of those too."

  "Invite him to the Merchant Sellim's palace that you have appropriated. You
are going to acquire some beautiful boys that should interest him. Get Thomas
drunk and he can't tell one butt hole from another."

  "I'll schedule that five days from now. Will you come too?"

  "Of course, my dear, some godly person will need to absolve everyone of the
sins against all that is holy that will be committed there. I'll also bring a
troupe of entertainers that'll make your party equal to the most sexual
debauched of the Roman Empire at its prime. Caligula and Tiberius would consider
it worthy of attending. Pasha Sellim's palace is perfect. Have you had a chance
to visit the bath house he constructed at the back of the palace?"

  "No, I had to rush back to the battle."

  "Such a love of killing in one so young and beautiful, especially the kind you
do with a sword, I can see why the Master chose you. Plan the celebration around
the idea of a Roman orgy. You can enjoy Sir Thomas and all his men."

  "Is the bathhouse large enough?"

  "Yes, It was designed by Pasha Sellim to satisfy his libertine desires. The
old man had become quite a satyr in his retirement. He regularly fucked his
daughters and sons even his son-in-laws and grandchildren for that matter.
Sellim only finished the bathhouse's construction months ago and because of the
siege never got to use it on the scale he intended."

  "The idea of a Roman orgy to celebrate the Crusader's victory in the city of
Christ has appeal. I'll invite Sir Thomas and his men."

  "Good, that's settled, now come with me, I have a personal gift for you,
something the Master instructed me to arrange. Follow me," said Father Gregory
as he stood up and pulled Candace to her feet.

  He led Candace away from the enormous cathedral into a part of the convoluted
structure where the priests lived. Candace followed through several dark
chambers and passageways until they came to a small open courtyard. There was a
fountain spraying water into a clear pool of water. In the pool were four naked
young boys. They were playing in the clear water splashing each other. Their
laughter filled the small courtyard. But when they saw Candace in her blood
stained armor, they stopped and looked at her fearfully.

  There was a fifth boy, an older boy standing nearby also naked. Candace
guessed the ages of the younger boys between twelve and fourteen. The older boy
was at most three or four years elder. Father Gregory leaned closer to explain.

  "They're Coptic acolytes. They've been kept absolutely pure and untouched by
the outside world. They have been protected and kept from all temptations of the
flesh. Other than the occasional nun, they've not seen a woman since they were
removed from their parents before they're five. They were chosen for their
beauty. They've been told they must please you to survive."

  "They're beautiful, especially the blonde," whispered Candace to Father
Gregory. The oldest boy was the lone blonde. He was also naked and his long
slender cock hung down straight between his legs. Candace resisted her urge to
take it in her hand then her mouth.

  "Peter, introduce your charges," said Father Gregory to the eldest.

  "Mathew, Mark, Luke, and John," said Peter as he pointed out each of the boys.
They turned to Candace and smiled.

  "You're safe here. Take off your armor and join them, relax for a while and
enjoy your new sons," said Father Gregory.

  Candace placed her helm on a nearby stone bench. As she removed each item, she
marveled at how it was covered in dried blood. Her sword was coated from the
very tip to the handle. Father Gregory took the sword from her hand and examined
it.

  "How many did you kill today?"

  "I don't know. There was no time to count."

  "I would estimate almost twenty on the wall at Jaffa Gate."

  "That seems right. Maybe that many more in the battle to open the gate."

  "Yes, you were absolutely superb. The Crusaders would still be rotting outside
Jaffa Gate except for you."

  "The Master made it possible."

  "Yes, we owe him so much. And he rewards our efforts with such generosity.
These are your children and you are to use them for your pleasure. You and
Daniel always wanted sons. Now you have five of them."

  Candace pulled her chain mail over her head and sat down to remove the rest of
her armor.

  "Children, come here and help your mother undress," commanded Father Gregory.

  The four naked boys scurried to Candace's side. Peter followed. They attacked
the buckles and ties with their small hands. In a moment, Candace was as naked
as they were. The boys all looked startled when Candace was revealed not to be a
man but a blonde woman.

  "Pardon them for staring, they've never seen a woman without her clothes,"
said Peter looking at Candace's breasts.

  And you have?" asked Candace looking at Peter and smiling as she noticed a
slight twitch in his penis.

  "No, I've always lived her with the priests. You are so beautiful," said Peter
his eyes fixed on Candace's breasts.

  "Go ahead and follow your desires, touch them and kiss them, make love to your
mother's breasts," said Candace stepping toward Peter and offering her breasts
to his hands. Peter stuck out a hand and rubbed it slowly over Candace's nipple.
Candace let out a sigh as the pleasure of his innocent touch created a spark
that transferred pleasure between her breast and her vagina. She felt other
smaller hands on her buttocks and a small finger touched her clitoris. Candace
looked down to see that John, the youngest has pushed the folds of her labia
back and was rubbing her clitoris with a tiny finger.

  "Momma's are different down there," said John using his fingers to investigate
Candace's clitoris.

  Candace spread her legs slightly to allow John easier access to her pubic
area.

  "Come into the pool with us. We'll wash your body," said Peter. Candace was
almost too transfixed too move. All four of the small boys were standing tightly
around her running their hands over her buttocks and vagina.

  Candace looked down to see that Peter's cock was becoming erect. They moved to
the fountain followed by Father Gregory.

  "You boys must do as I say or your new mother will not be pleased. First, wash
her body," said Father Gregory. Candace stepped into the warm water of the pool
that surrounded the fountain. There were several statues in the fountain's
center. The central figure was of Mary, the Mother of Christ. She was pouring
water from a stone jug onto a laughing baby Christ while her husband Joseph
looked on.

  Candace sat in the shallow pool as the hands of her sons rubbed every part of
her body. The warm Mediterranean sun warmed her body. She saw that Peter had
brought her armor and weapons to a nearby smaller pool and was washing the blood
off them.  Candace felt a mouth envelope her nipple and begin to gently suck on
it.

"That's right, Luke, suckle at your mother's breast. Mark, you suckle on the
other," said a nearby Father Gregory.

  Candace let the pressure of their hungry mouths as their lips applied pressure
to her nipples. Her nipples reacted instantly becoming long and hard. The boys
used their hands to wash the dried blood off Candace's skin. Candace luxuriated
in the warm sun and the touch of so many hands and mouths. Sensing that she was
clean and now overcome by lust, Candace stood up and stepped from the pool.
There was a straw mat lying beside the fountain. Candace lay down on her back on
the mat and closed her eyes against the sun's rays.

  "Luke and John, you suck Mother's breasts. Matthew and Mark, you two kiss the
area between her legs," directed Father Gregory. Candace lay quietly enjoying
the sensation but all the while, feeling the growth of her need for an orgasm. 
After a few minutes, she began to breathe deeper."

  "You boys are doing well, your mother is pleased," whispered Father Gregory.

  Candace let the full force of her climax wash over her. There in this holiest
of holy places, Candace's body writhed and twisted as wave after wave of
pleasure rolled over her body until she finally relaxed and was engulfed in a
warm glow of pleasure not known to ordinary people.

  As she lay there, she felt a hand take her hand and place it on a hard cock.
She looked to see Peter kneeling beside her with his beautiful cock full erect.

  "Boys, sit over here with me and watch your brother Peter. After he has
released his sperm inside your mother, each of you will get their turn to have
intercourse with your new mother," said Father Gregory.

  Candace spread her legs and raised them as she felt Peter's slim young body
slide on top of hers. The mere contact of his naked body with her breasts caused
Candace to climax once again.

  "See your mother enjoy her orgasm, children, you are very lucky to have a
mother who climaxes so readily," said Father Gregory.

  "And she is a great warrior," added Mathew.

  "That she is, my son, Now watch as she takes Peter's virginity, next she will
take yours in the same way," responded Father Gregory his arms around the four
boys as they watched Peter slide his erect cock into Candace's cunt.

  "Oh, this is so sweet," moaned Candace as she lifted her upper body off the
ground to kiss Peter's lips. The walls of Candace's vagina sent waves of
pleasure through her body as Peter's cock slid into her. At first, Candace's
legs pointed straight into the air but once Peter's cock had sunk to its fullest
dept, she interlocked her ankles behind Peter's buttocks and pulled him firmly
against her clitoris. The youth sucked and licked Candace's nipples as he pumped
himself into her warm cunt. In a matter of a few strokes, the anxious youth
released a flood of semen into Candace.

  "We're going in the order of the Gospels, so Mathew is next," said Father
Gregory.

  Little Mathew replaced Peter on top of Candace. Candace reached down and took
his cock in her hand and guided it into her cum drenched hole.

  "How is it, Mathew?" asked Father Gregory.

  "It feels good. It's all wet and warm and my cock feels like it is going to
burst," responded Mathew as his prick slide between the folds of Candace's
vagina.

  Candace took the young boy in her arms and kissed him, intertwining her tongue
with his. Candace pumped her body against Mathew's using her interlocked ankles
to draw his young body into her as they fucked. Candace had immediately felt a
mother's love for all five boys. They were now just as much her sons as if she
had given them birth. In only a few strokes, Mathew expended his semen into his
mother's vagina.

  "Don't be disappointed, Candace, by the staying power of your sons. I assure
you they will recover in a matter of minutes, your turn Mark," said Father
Gregory as he pushed Mark toward Candace's spread legs and took Mathew rejoined
the priest on the bench.

  "It's so warm, almost like an oven, said Mark as he slipped inside Candace.
Candace was given over to an exquisite pleasure as she took the virginity of
each boy. Her consciousness that her vagina was the first for each of her
adopted sons added to the feelings of intense eroticism of the moment. Luke and
then John followed Mark. John proved to be the stud of the group, pumping
Candace vigorously and holding tightly to her nipples as he fucked her.

  "John, can you feel how tight your mother's cunt is?" asked Father Gregory.

  "Yes, Father, it squeezes me and makes me want to burst," said John raising up
and taking his mouth from Candace's nipples.

  When John climaxed and returned to the others, Candace lay quietly savoring
the moment. The Mediterranean sun warmed her body and she felt the boy cum
slowly ooze out the closed lips of her vagina.

  "Thank you Lucifer, thank for this glorious day and moment," whispered
Candace.

  Candace shook off her lethargy as her feelings of lust returned. She crawled
over to the bench where the boys sat and took Mathews's cock between her lips
and began to suck it.

  "Peter, get behind your mother and put your cock in her from the rear," said
Father Gregory.

  Candace felt Peter's cock enter her dog style as she sucked Mathew's boy dick.
The taste of virgin cum filled her mouth. Candace grunted as Peter's long,
beautiful, and perfect cock slide deep inside her.

  "Peter, lick your finger then gently stick it in your mother's ass," directed
Father Gregory.

  Candace felt the pleasure of Peter's finger as it pushed past her anal ring
and enter the antechamber of her super sensitive rectum. Within a half dozen
thrusts of Peter's cock, Candace climaxed again. As she did, she was rewarded by
a warm spurt of Mathews's cum entering her mouth. She swallowed it greedily and
sucked more from its source.

  "Now, Mark, you're next," said Father Gregory.

  Candace energized by her climax and the taste of Mathew's semen, took Mark's
cock in her mouth and applied her tongue and lips to the task of extracting
another flow of warm cum. Mark's will to orgasm was strong and after only
moments, Candace felt a warm salty puddle of cum land on her tongue. She sucked
Mathew dry then switched her mouth to Luke. Peter continued with the energy of
youth to screw Candace's warm and clinging pussy. Candace swallowed Luke's
portion of cum in short order then transferred her mouth to John. John surprised
her by climaxing quickly where before he had been the one to take the longest.

  "Mathew, stand up and let your Mother once again place her mouth on your
cock," said Father Gregory.

  Mathew did as he was told. He stood silent as Candace once again took his cock
in her mouth.

  "Now, your Mother wants very much for you to pee in her mouth. She wants to
swallow your piss. So relax and release your bladder so your golden urine can
flow between her lips," whispered Father Gregory.

  Candace felt Mathew strain for a moment then she tasted an initial spurt of
urine followed by a more fulsome flow. Candace swallowed as Mathew pissed until
he was finished. She quickly did the same for Mark, Luke, and John. Peter
emptied his second load of cum into Candace's pussy as Candace gulped the last
of John's pee down. Peter placed his own cock in Candace's mouth and released a
flood of hot pee that she allowed to flow down her throat. The feeling of a full
belly of warm urine from her five new sons thrilled Candace.

  "That's right, Peter, piss in your Mother's mouth," said Father Gregory,
"Mathew, take Peter's place in her pussy."

  Candace had sex in different positions with her five new sons for the next
several hours. At the end, Father Gregory helped Peter to enter Candace anally.
After Peter came inside Candace's anus, the other four boys followed suit.
Before they sank their cocks in Candace's butt, Father Gregory had the boys
gather at her rear and each stick a wet finger in her asshole. Candace sucked
one of her son's cocks while the other screwed her anally.

  Candace spent some time sucking the boy's cock to get them hard. Then she
would ask them to turn around and bend over so she could lick and tongue their
assholes. Candace found it incredibly sweet to suck and lick the anus of young
boys.

  It was dark when Father Gregory announced it was time for Candace and the boys
to return to Pasha Sellim's palace.




Chapter 49 - Russian Rape



Please take note! Adults Only Literature

The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written for
adults only.

If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing this
file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
now.

This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
is purely coincidental, etc.

Email HarryBerg01@aol.com with your comments.

Copyright 2004

                                                             ****

  Briana's internal clock awakened her at exactly 5:30AM. Her head was pounding
and she had to fight off successive waves of nausea.  The memory of what she had
done last night almost overwhelmed her.

  I'm no better than the others thought Briana thinking of how she had condemned
the young German girls walking drunkenly through the bunker's corridors. I
allowed myself to be seduced and engaged in sexual activities forbidden to a
Deutscher Madel. I will die today in defense of the Reich so it does not matter.
Nothing really matters decided Briana as once again she steeled herself to
perform as a sniper.

  Everyone else was still asleep. She managed to find her uniform in the pile of
clothes and dresses. She stuffed some of the leftover cheese and bread in her
pocket. She hesitated for a moment then placed a half finished bottle of cognac
in her army coat.

  When she emerged from the Bunker's entrance, she saw the flames of a fire in a
nearby courtyard. She crept closer and found a number of soldiers staring
solemnly at the fire.

  "What is burning?" Briana asked one of the Norlander captains in her perfect
Dutch.

  "The Fuehrer and his wife committed suicide last night. They're burning the
bodies; also Goebbels and his wife took poison. They committed suicide after
they poisoned all six of their children. We don't have enough petrol to burn all
the bodies," responded the Captain pointing to a nearby spot where Briana could
barely make out the unburned bodies of Goebbels and his wife. By the firelight,
Briana saw that the captain's eyes were full of tears.  Briana thought for a
moment of how Eva Braun had kissed her cheek only yesterday.

  Briana looked around for an appropriate spot to kill as many of the Red Army
as possible before she was killed. She noticed that part of the Chancery roof
was still standing. Although it took several minutes and was a perilous climb,
she managed to scale higher than any of her previous perches. She had brought
along as many boxes of cartridges as she could carry. She carefully organized
everything then waited for the Red Army to attack. From her eyrie, her Zweiss
binoculars allowed her to look out over much of Berlin. Briana looked toward the
still standing Brandenberg Gate down the broad expanse of the Unter den Lenden
toward the Alexander Platz. The scene was of almost total destruction. The
imperial city of the Kaiser was in ruins. The Red Army controlled the broad
parade route provided by the boulevard of the Unter den Linden. Fires were too
numerous too count.  A flag showing a red star was waving over most of the
government buildings. It was April 30. Berlin had one more day.

  At 7:30AM, the attack started. Russian T-32 tanks approached the Chancellery.
Briana immediately picked off a tank commander who was foolish enough to expose
himself. It was a perfect shot to the center of his forehead.  Several of the
tanks were destroyed with Panzer Faust attacks, the anti-tank launchers were
wielded by young boys formed into suicide squads.  From somewhere a King Tiger
appeared and quickly destroyed a half dozen Russian tanks. However, having
exhausted its anti-tank munitions, it was forced to retire. Briana saw hundreds
of Soviet soldiers streaming toward her. She started firing. She was no longer
the careful, methodical sniper. She fired and reloaded until the rife got to hot
to touch. She didn't bother to write in her notebook. She quickly lost track of
the number that she had killed. Bullets buzzed all around her and several times
her face was sprayed with small stones caused by near misses striking the marble
walls. One of the cross streets six blocks away was littered with bodies of men
she had killed. Smoke began to obscure the battlefield. Targets became more
difficult to acquire.

  In late afternoon, Briana could hear that the battle had reached inside the
Chancellery itself. She found herself shooting almost straight downward. For a
while, it seemed that the Red Army would prevail and the Chancellery captured.
But the sounds of battle faded as darkness fell. Briana wearily climbed down
from her perch. There were hundreds of dead and wounded soldiers scatted over
the grounds of the Chancellery.

  "The Reds got inside but we managed to drive them off," said an exhausted SD
officer whose arm was being bandaged.

  "Tomorrow, we will not be so lucky," said another.

  The scene inside the Bunker was chaos. The stairwells were slippery with
blood. Wounded were screaming in pain. Briana stepped over injured and dying
soldiers too exhausted to do anything to help. Briana returned to her
hide-a-way. The uneaten food and the additional blankets left by the previous
night's visitors were strewn about on the floor.  Candace drank more cognac
while she ate some bread and cheese; then she partially undressed and went to
sleep.

  Lieutenant Gaston awakened her sometime during the night.

  "I thought you would be here. Is there any cognac left?" asked the Lieutenant.

  Briana handed him a bottle.

  "Where are the Major and the Captain?" asked Briana.

  "Both dead, tomorrow I will be also. The Charlemagne Division will attack at
dawn; all three hundred that are left will engage in a suicide attack. The
National Socialist Party of France will die with us."

  "There's plenty of food," said Briana gesturing toward the small pile of
bread, cheese, and meat tins she had stacked into the corner.

  "Very tidy, you will make some man a good wife."

  "I plan to die tomorrow also."

  "Dead at fifteen while still so young and beautiful. It seems a tragedy. But
then all death is a tragedy. For that matter, life is a tragedy too."

  They ate in silence for a while. After they finished, Lieutenant Gaston turned
off the light and they slept. Sometime toward dawn, the Lieutenant kissing her
lips awaked Briana.

  "I would like to make love to a woman one last time," said the Lieutenant in
the darkness.

  Briana didn't speak but began unbuckling her belt. The Lieutenant helped her
remove her trousers and panties. He opened his pants and rolled on top of her.
It took several tries for him to enter her. With increasing intensity, he pushed
into her until his cock reached its maximum penetration. At first Briana felt
sore from the prior night's sex but as her sex adjusted to its intruder, she
found her pleasure growing until she was forcing her body upward to meet the
downward thrust of the Lieutenant. Briana began to pant and moan in response to
the Lieutenant's male member tunneling into her vagina. When she sensed the
Lieutenant's orgasm, she allowed her own to wash over her body. She twisted and
writhed as she used every muscle in her fifteen-year-old cunt to squeeze the
final drops of cum from the Lieutenant's spewing cock.

  "That was sweet, mon cherie, you would make a fabulous courtesan, you could be
the toast of Paris and men would shower you with jewels in return for your
favors. They would do anything for one look from your beautiful face," said the
Lieutenant standing up and buckling his pants. In an instant, he disappeared
into the dark corridor. Briana fell back asleep but was awakened by the crash of
an intense bombardment.

  The bunker shook and dust trickled down from the ceiling as the shelling
intensified. Briana prepared herself to go outside. At some point, the artillery
ceased and the alarm sounded. That meant the preparatory enemy barrage had ended
and the infantry attack was beginning.

  When Briana reached the surface, the firefight had already begun. The morning
barrage had destroyed the entire top of the Chancery building. Machine gun fire
splattered against the marble walls. Briana discarded the sniper rife and picked
up a submachine gun that was lying near a dead SS soldier. Once again, she
stuffed her pockets with all the ammunition she could carry.

  "The Reds are inside," yelled someone and Briana ran with the other soldiers
toward the firing.

  The next several hours were a blur. Briana joined a group of defenders who
were protecting the main entrance. Time and time again, hundreds of Red Army
soldiers stormed through the doorway only to be shot down by the defenders.
Briana tackled the job of grabbing Red Army grenades before they could explode
and hurling them back toward the Soviets. At times, the enemy soldiers were only
a few feet away as they drove the defenders back into the Chancellery.
Regardless of how many enemies they shot down at the Chancellery entrance, more
came to take their place. The rumor was Zhukov had promised Stalin that the
Chancery would be taken so that victory could be commemorated on May 1st, the
most important commemorative date to the USSR. The lives of Zhukov's soldiers
were not as important to the general as the consequences of not making good on
his promise to Stalin.

  By midday, the Soviets had gained a foothold inside the building. Briana
joined in a desperate counterattack that would have succeeded had not enemy
reinforcements arrived at the last minute. When the exhausted attackers fell
back, they knew that it soon would be all over. Briana's throat was raw from the
smoke. Her shoulder ached from the recoil of the machine pistol. She had never
been so utterly exhausted.

  During a brief lull in the fighting, Briana looked around to see how few of
the defenders were still alive. Movement outside the entrance meant that the
enemy was being reinforced for a final push to take over the shell of the
Chancery. The remaining defenders knew that the end was very near. There was a
yell from the opposition then enemy soldiers ran forward firing. Grenades landed
around Briana just as she stood up to throw a grenade back at the on rushing
soldiers. Explosions surrounded her and a near by blast lifted her off the
ground into the air. When she came down, she hit her head and everything went
black.

  Someone's boot kicking her in the ribs awakened Briana. When she opened her
eyes, there was a Red Army soldier pointing a gun in her head. Briana's head
ached so badly she wanted him to shoot and end her pain. Briana watched his
Asiatic eyes as he cocked his weapon and aimed at her temple.

  "Not that one, stop, Vasily," spoke a calm voice.

  Vasily looked disappointed but moved to a wounded German moaning a few feet
away. Briana heard a shot and the moaning stopped.

  "Get her up, let's see what we have," said the voice. Somewhere she had heard
the voice before.

  Two Red Army soldiers pulled her erect. They pulled the cloth hat off allowing
her blonde curls to cascade downward.

  "A maiden and a pretty one," said that same voice. Briana was having trouble
focusing her eyes.

  The soldiers searched her pockets throwing everything on the ground. They ran
their hands over her breasts as they searched. Briana hurt all over and it was
hard to hear but she didn't seem wounded. When the search was over, the soldiers
stepped aside and Briana found herself face to face with a general officer. He
was a Soviet Colonel General.  His uniform was spotlessly clean and different
from regular Red Army soldiers.  He had obviously not been participating in the
battle. Briana found herself staring into the handsome face of Father Gregory
dressed as a Colonel General in the NKVD.

  "Is she wounded?" The General asked the two NKVD soldiers on either side of
Briana as he examined the contents of her pockets.

  "I don't think so, Sir," replied Briana in the perfect Russian she had learned
at the school.

  "Ah, you speak Russian?" asked the General.

  "Yes, Sir."

  "And how did you learn to speak Russian?"

  "In school, I was raised to marry a officer and establish German colonies in
Russia."

  "Oh yes, the Reich planned to make we Slavs their slaves on large farms they
would establish once we were defeated. They were going to re-establish the
system of serfdom abolished by Czar Alexander I in 1843. I recall reading that
somewhere. What other languages beside Russian and German?"

  "French, English, Dutch, Italian, some Magyar." Briana's father was a warrior
diplomat. She had lived in the German embassy of many major European capitals.

  "Impressive, search her again, Ivan." Briana stood while they re-emptied her
pockets. This time they found the small notebook that Briana kept in the breast
pocket of her uniform. They handed the notebook to the General. He quickly
looked it over. The picture of Klaus Guderin fluttered out of the notebook to
the ground. One of the soldiers snatched it up and handed it to the general.

  "Is this book what I think it is?"

  "I am a sniper. It's a list of my kills."

  "Amazing, over ninety, you must be very good."

  "They said I was a natural marksman."

  "And who is this? Your lover?"

  "I was to be mated with him on my sixteenth birthday."

  "Oh yes, I see now that you and he are perfect Aryans who were supposed to
rule over Mother Russia and all lesser races."

  Briana remained silent as the General placed the photo back in the notebook
and then put the notebook back in his own pocket.

  "Where's your Fuehrer?"

  "Dead."

  "How?"

  "I was told he committed suicide. I watched them burn his body in the
courtyard behind the Chancery."

  "Were you sure it was him?"

  "From what I could see, it looked to be him. It was definitely his wife beside
him."

  "I wasn't aware Hitler was married."

  "He married Eva Braun two days ago."

  "How touching. Show me."

  Briana walked on unsteady feet through the destroyed building. When she
reached the courtyard she pointed out the shallow pit that contained the badly
charred skeletons of two bodies.  Briana stood quietly while the General
carefully examined the remains. A soldier called the General's attention to
another site toward the back of the courtyard. Briana and the General walked
there to see the partially burned bodies of a man and woman.

  "Who's that?" asked the General.

  "Goebbels and his wife, Magda."

  "Yes, I can still recognize him. Why weren't the bodies burned more
thoroughly?"

  "They lacked petrol."

  "You belong to the Deutscher Madel?"

  "Yes, General, I would like to be immediately shot."

  "In time, you will get your wish, but for now, I decide how long you live.
Lieutenant, take her away for further interrogation. Tell Sergeant Susov to
enjoy himself but deliver her more or less intact to Spandau. "

  Briana was marched away with her hands over her head. Once outside, she was
ordered into the back of a waiting truck. Behind her, she could hear single
shots as the Reds finished off the wounded in the Chancellery.

  It was a large army truck. There were six soldiers of the Red Army seated in
the back. The only other Germans in the vehicle were an SS Colonel and a
Wermacht General. They were seated right behind the truck cab. When Briana moved
to be seated with the other Germans the soldiers halted her and sat her down
between them. The truck sped off toward another part of Berlin.

  As soon as the truck began to move, one of the soldiers stood up and grabbed
Briana by the hair. He pulled her off the wooden bench and threw her onto the
truck bed.

  "Since I'm the Sergeant, I'm going first, Yusov, grab her arms," said a burly
soldier who had stripes on his sleeve.

  Another soldier grabbed Briana's wrists and pulled them straight over her
head. The Sergeant pinned her legs to the floor by placing his knees on her
inner thighs. Briana screamed and moaned in pain as his kneecaps forced her legs
down against the hard wooden floor. Briana watched helplessly as his hands began
unbuckling her belt.

  "She's a pretty one underneath all that dirt. One of you help me," said the
Sergeant struggling to remove the uniform trousers from Briana's kicking legs.

   Immediately, a third soldier grabbed her blouse and ripped it open. He then
took a bayonet and cut her camisole and brassiere off.  Her breasts were
exposed.

    "She is young, those are girl titties, this is going to be sweet, like those
two sisters in Konisberg," announced the Sergeant as he at last succeeded in
pulling her trousers and panties down to her ankles. He stopped for a moment to
remove her boots and socks. Then he pulled her trousers and panties off and
tossed them aside. Briana was too tired to struggle more. She realized she was
now completely exposed and naked. The soldiers looked at her hungrily. She
understood she was going to suffer the same fate as over two million German
women. The soldiers turned her over and forced her into the all fours position.

  "Fuck her like she's a dog, that's the way these German bitches like it," said
one of the soldiers.

  The six soldiers were laughing now. The two German officers were pretending
nothing was happening. They were staring away from what was occurring at the
back of the truck. Briana didn't blame them. There was nothing they could do.
Any attempt on their part to intervene would get them shot. Briana was naked and
exposed to their lustful stares of the six Cossacks. She listened as they made
jokes about what they would do to her. She wanted to cover herself from their
hard stares and lustful looks. The soldiers started to take their cocks out of
their pants. Briana knew she was going to be raped.

  Strangely, she hadn't thought about that possibility until the soldier began
to undress her. She started once again to struggle but one of the soldiers held
her by her hair and slapped her face until she began to lose consciousness. She
could taste blood in her mouth. At that point, she heard the soldier kneeling
behind her spit on his cock. She felt the firm knob touch her between her legs
and the cock head plow its way toward her opening. This was no German officer
carefully slipping his member inside a young girl like the Lieutenant had done
last night. This was to be a brutal rape and the more pain they caused her the
better. The soldier placed his hand on her hipbones and quickly shoved his cock
inside her. Briana screamed in pain and humiliation.

  There was more laughter from the soldiers when the soldier announced he had
succeeded.

  "Tight young German pussy, look at the blonde hairs around her cunt, this
one's definitely a member of the master race," said the soldier as he started to
fuck Briana.

  "How many does that make, Sergeant?" asked one of the soldiers.

  "Twenty three since we crossed the Neisse River, but who's counting," replied
the Sergeant. That occasioned more laughter.

  "Here, suck on this, German whore," said the soldier who had held her wrists.
He pushed his cock between Briana's lips. Briana opened her mouth and took it
in. It smelled of urine and unwashed flesh.

  The Sergeant didn't take long. The one who'd exposed her breasts replaced him.
Briana didn't struggle. A soldier ejaculated in her mouth and she reflexively
swallowed his sperm.

  "These German sluts know how to suck your dick," said the soldier as he wiped
his slime covered cock in Briana's blonde hair.

  "We might as well enjoy her. She's Hitler Youth. When we get her to Spandau,
they'll turn her over to the Poles. They'll cut her tits off and hang her using
piano wire She'll be glad to be dead when the Poles are finished with her," said
someone watching the rape.

  She remained on her hands and knees as each of the six raped her. She grunted
each time they shoved themselves inside her. One of the solders walked forward
past the German captives and knocked on the glass window separating the truck
from the cab.

  "Anton, pull over and come get a piece, she's Hitler Youth. She deserves a
good fucking by Soviet dicks," said the soldier, as the window was slid open.
Briana felt the truck pull over to the side of the road.

  In a moment, two different soldiers climbed up in the truck. One of the
soldiers was a curly headed youth who was much taller than average.

  "Anton, that cock of his will make her squeal, put it in her ass like you did
to that nun in Hamburg. See how she likes that."

  "Roll over Nazi bitch, I want to see your face when I split your asshole
open," said Anton. The rough wooden floor had rubbed Briana's knees raw. At that
point, she willing rolled over and spread her legs.

  "See, she's anxious for Red Army cock, give it to her Anton," said the
Sergeant.

  "Someone grab her ankles and bend her double, let's get her ass pointed
straight up," said Anton. The Sergeant clutched each ankle as he bent Briana's
legs back toward her chest until her knees almost touched her shoulders. Briana
felt like her back was going to break in two.

  "I bet she's never had it in her ass, before," sand Anton. He spit on his
fingers then worked a single finger into Briana's asshole. Briana grunted and
moaned as the digit moved forward to its maximum reach. Briana whined in pain as
a second finger joined the first. She felt him applying pressure to stretch her
anal ring to its maximum extent. Briana groaned and whimpered as she tried to
relax and control the pain.

  Briana had heard that the Russians were anally raping German women in order to
make their rapes more painful and humiliating. Briana tried to relax her anus
even more as Anton pushed a third finger inside her rectum.

  "Hold her while I work her wide open," said Anton. Briana heard someone spit
and felt liquid land on her butt hole. It was only a few more minutes before she
felt herself painfully stretched some more.

  "Four fingers in her hole, you could stick your fist in her shitter, the
little Nazi bitch will shit blood for a week when you're done," said the
Sergeant.

  Briana sensed Anton's shifting positions. She knew what was coming next. She
gritted her teeth as she felt a large blunt cock head at her anal opening. There
was a slight push and the head moved inside her anal ring. Then there was a hot
burning pain as it traveled into her rectum. That caused her to cry out and
writhe in pain.  Anton drove himself up inside Briana's virgin ass twisting and
pushing hard against her bowel walls to maximize the pain.

  "Take it out, please take it out," screamed Briana in German as she felt a
fiery pain travel the length of her lower intestine. She instantly felt her
intestines cramp.

  "Now you got her going, fuck her ass, Antonivich," said the Sergeant.

  "Briana screamed in pain the first half dozen times that Anton slammed his
long hard cock into her bowels. It was an awful feeling to have that hard tube
of flesh move deep inside her rectum. She felt stretched out to where she had a
sensation that her anal ring was about to tear.

  "I think our little Nazi isn't having a good time," said one of the soldiers.

  Tears came to Briana's eyes and she began to sob in pain. At some point, the
pain began to diminish. Briana grunted each time Anton forced his cock inside
her anus. Finally, he ejaculated. When he pulled his cock out of her ass, it was
streaked with shit. He crawled up onto her chest and announced, "Clean your
German shit off my dick with your mouth."

   Briana was too exhausted to argue. She opened her mouth as Anton slipped the
brown streaked cock between her lips. She licked it clean enough to satisfy him
and he got up off her. The other driver promptly climbed on her and fucked her
switching between her ass and pussy.

  After the second driver finished inside her, the truck resumed its journey.
All six of the soldiers raped her a second time.  Some climaxed in her ass and
others in her vagina. The Sergeant ejaculated on her face then smeared his sperm
around with his cock.

  Briana wanted to pass out but someone kept slapping her face and breasts as
they raped her. When the last one finished, she fell over on her side. She was
too exhausted and traumatized to move.

  "How old?" asked one of the soldiers in bad German? He kicked her in the ribs
with his boot to emphasize that he expected an answer.

  "I am fifteen years old," responded Briana wearily in Russian.

  "We have someone who speaks a little Russian. Why were you fighting for
Hitler?" asked the Sergeant.

  "I was fighting for the Fatherland. Why did you rape me?"

  "Why not? No one can stop us. You Germans raped our Russian women. My own
brother's wife was raped just outside Lvov. They raped her twenty times. They
made my brother watch then they shot him."

  Briana stayed down and motionless. She hadn't managed to redress herself when
the truck stopped. When the tailgate opened, they shoved her out onto the ground
naked. Someone threw what was left of her clothes out with her and the truck
drove off. Briana managed to scoop what was left of her uniform off the pavement
before guards pushed her toward a large building that Briana assumed was a
prison.  Briana recognized that she had arrived at Spandau Fortress. The ancient
fortress had been converted to a prison years before. During the siege of
Berlin, the Wermacht had attempted to use is once again as a fortress but it had
quickly surrendered to the Red Army.

  Briana was marched naked to a large cell containing hundreds of women. The
guards made lewd comments as the nude girl staggered toward the cell with an
obvious sheen of body fluids dripping down on to her thighs. The women watched
as Briana was forcefully shoved into the cell. They knew that she like almost
all of them had been raped. Several women stepped forward to catch Briana before
she fell. They placed her on an army cot and covered her with a blanket. One of
the older women cleaned her face with a wet rag. The woman then carefully and
gently wiped between Briana's legs.

  "Here, let me clean their filth off you," were the last words Briana heard
before she totally collapsed from trauma and exhaustion.




Chapter 50 - Victory Celebration



Please take note! Adults Only Literature

The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written for
adults only.

If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing this
file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
now.

This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
is purely coincidental, etc.

Email HarryBerg01@aol.com with your comments.

Copyright 2004

                                                             ****



  This is the third part dream sequence that Satan gave to Candace during the
celebration of the Black Mass. Candace returns to the Jerusalem during its sack
by the Crusaders. She returns to Pasha Sellim's palace to plan an orgy to
celebrate the capture of the Holy City.



  The walk back from the Church of the Holy Sepulcher had not been uneventful.
It was dark when Candace and her new sons departed. Candace carefully placed the
four youngest boys on her warhorse. She had to proceed slowly since this was the
first time the boys had ridden a horse. She and Peter walked beside the charger
making sure the children didn't fall off. Burning buildings provided the only
light. They had to move cautiously to avoid stumbling over the many dead
Jerusalemites lying in the streets. They had almost returned to Pasha Sellim's
Palace when a drunken group of Crusaders loomed out of the darkness blocking
their further progress.

  "Well, what have we here, a sodomite with his booty," announced a tall
Frankish knight. He waved his torch to illuminate Candace and the boys. Candace
could tell from his accent that he was from the Troyes region. There were two
other knights and several men at arms with him.  They quickly formed a line
blocking the narrow street.

  "Sir Giles of Monmouth on a mission of Bishop Adhemar let us pass."

  "Whose are these catamites? Why does one knight need so many pretty boys to
sodomize? We fought hard today and deserve a share," said the tall Frank
grabbing his crotch for emphasis.

  "They're not catamites but acolytes learning to serving Christ as his holy
priests, I am conducting them to a place of safety, stand aside."

  "If they're studying to be priests, their bottoms surely know the feel of a
good strong staff. It is said that the Copts bugger each other during the Mass.
They climb on the altar and sodomise one another," said another of the knights.

  "They are untouched followers of the true Christ and under the Bishop's
protection. Stand aside or die," said Sir Giles.

  "Bravely spoken sir knight but have you not noticed there are seven of us and
one of you. Let's us relieve you of three of them. I'll take the pretty blonde
boy. He can learn to suck Crusader cock for a start, " said the tall Frank
drawing his sword as once again he grabbed his crotch and gestured toward Peter.

   The others taking their cue from their leader drew their swords. Their eyes
gazed lustfully at Candace's newly acquired sons.

  "Hold the horse steady while I take care of this," said Candace handing the
bridal to Peter and drawing her own sword.

  "Mother, will you be all right," cried Luke the youngest.

  "Mother, Sir Giles is the boy's mother," roared the drunken Frank thinking he
had somehow heard a huge joke. The other in the party laughed also as they moved
toward Candace and the boys.

  "Mother will be fine, Luke. You and the others be brave and wait with Peter
while I kill these men," said Candace.

  Candace turned and moving with incredible speed and with a single sword stroke
severed the head of the nearest Crusader, a stocky squire who never had time to
raise his sword arm. A fountain of blood rushed from the truncated neck as the
squire's head rolled into the shadows. His fellow Crusader's mouths dropped open
in astonishment.

  "Did you see that? She killed," screamed the man at arms beside the falling
headless body. He never finished naming his dead companion since his head was
also separated from his spine by Candace's sword.

  "It's a devil," cried one of the men at arms astounded at the speed and force
Candace had demonstrated.  The Frank's realized they had made a mistake but they
were not the type of men to back down even if it meant certain death. The leader
charged Candace. She parried his roundhouse swing then struck her sword across
his outstretched arms severing both wrists. The sword clattered to the ground
with the knight's hands still firmly grasping the hilt. Blood spurted from the
stumps of his arms as he knelt and waved them in mute agony. The point of
Candace's sword flicked across his abdomen and his entrails bulged out through
the wide slit left by the blade.

  Peter and the children lost sight of Candace in the dark street as the torches
were dropped to the stone pavement. The boys began to sob as they peered
anxiously into the dark listening to the clang of sword on sword and seeing the
occasional spark. In a matter of seconds, the sounds of battle stopped. They
listened as footsteps approached out of the darkness.

  "You are going to have to bathe me again," said Candace stepping into the
light of a fallen torch. She was covered in fresh blood.

  "Our mother is the greatest swordsmen in the world," remarked Luke.

  "That's swordsperson," corrected Candace.

  When they reached the gate of Pasha Sellim's Palace, they saw that the street
and inner courtyard were strewn with the bodies of Crusaders. One or more
English arrows were embedded in each body.

  "Halt, who goes there?" cried a voice from the shadows.

  "A friend," replied Candace.

  Rhonda aka Jeffrey stepped out of the shadows clutching an English long bow.

  "I see you've been busy," said Candace gesturing toward the bodies of the dead
Franks.

  "They didn't seem capable of learning. There are more dead Franks in the back.
They tried to come in over the wall. Kelly and Sybil took care of them. Are we
starting a day care center?" said Rhonda gesturing toward the boys.

  "They're a gift from the Master. He has sent me five wonderful sons."

  "I would have preferred daughters," said Rhonda.

  "I know you would but the Master is not to be questioned," said Candace
entering the gate. Rhonda had always professed a dislike of children, especially
boys.

  Servants appeared and took Candace's horse to the stable. Several female
servants helped with the children. It had been a long day and Candace quickly
settled the boys into the great bed of Pasha Sellim. Everyone including Peter
curled up on the pillows and went quickly asleep. Candace allowed the female
servants to remove her armor and wash the dried blood from her body. The female
servants were astounded to learn that Candace was not only a woman but also one
of unsurpassed beauty. Seeing that Candace was a woman, the female servants
provided her an exquisite yellow silk robe brought from China. The fact that
Candace easily spoke their language only added to the awe she inspired among the
inhabitants of Pasha Sellim's palace.

  Seeing that the boys were settled Candace walked back to the palace gate to
confer with Rhonda about security arrangements. She found Rhonda speaking with a
small-wizened man who was holding the leash of half a dozen enormous guard dogs.

  "This is Kiam. He is the keeper of the kennel. He says the dogs protect the
palace at night."

  "They look fierce enough. Are they well trained?" said Candace reaching down
to rub the head of one of the dogs.

  "Yes, mistress, they'll make short work of anyone who climbs over the wall.
Last year they killed two thieves who sought to steal the Pasha's treasure,"
said Kiam.

  "Crusaders are not as easy to kill as thieves but I suppose the noise would
raise the alarm, commented Candace, "I think we can relax our guard for the
night. I suspect the Franks are too exhausted to continue their looting and
rapine."

  Candace returned to the bedroom and curled up between the naked bodies of
Peter and John. She fell asleep almost instantly. Candace slept for several
hours but toward dawn she came awake. She saw in the morning light that John was
no longer asleep by her side. Candace felt a mother's concern and went searching
for her new son.

  When she entered the main hall, she found John sleeping beside Rhonda on a
couch facing the great entry door. His cheek was resting on Rhonda's naked
breast. Rhonda's bow and sword were on a nearby table. Rhonda had also changed
into a silk robe and it was open revealing her nakedness. Her powerful
well-defined muscles were clearly visible even when she was sleeping.  The huge
head of a war dog poked up as Candace entered the room. Deciding that Candace
was a friend, the dog returned to its reclining position.

  Candace stood for a moment and admired the beauty of Rhonda holding the small
boy in her arm.

  "Madonna and child, both beautiful and erotic," whispered Candace.

  "How about father and son, I've decided you're the mommy and I'm their daddy,"
responded Rhonda without opening her eyes?

  "Sounds fair, I must research which of the Renaissance Masters are alive at
this time and have him paint you like that. I sometimes forget how beautiful you
are."

  Candace laid down on the recliner and cuddled up to Rhonda on the side
opposite from John. She rested her cheek on Rhonda's other breast.

  "I see you found our son," said Candace.

  "He was wondering about half asleep looking for a drink of water. After I gave
him one, he said he was too tired to walk back to your bed so I let him sleep
here."

  "They are all such beautiful children. John and Luke have the face of angels.
Peter looks like a movie star. It's almost unearthly how beautiful how he is."

  "Untouched and unspoiled."

  "They were all that until today. We spent the late afternoon enjoying each
other in a garden of the Church of the Holy Sepulcher. Father Gregory brought me
to them and watched as we had sex."

  "So you deflowered five virgin boys, you should be ashamed."

  "I am mortified. Luke, the youngest, is only twelve but managed to deposit a
decent load of warm cum in his mother's pussy. Peter the oldest, has the most
beautiful cock I've ever seen. It doesn't have a single flaw. Even the semen
tastes wonderful."

  "Five sons out of the blue from the Master, any idea why?"

  "None, I may sleep with Satan occasionally but he doesn't confide in me."

  "I guess they'll grow on me. They look so sweet when they're asleep. Let's
hope Briana takes to having brothers."

  "She'll screw them to death. I'm astonished she's reached fifteen without
impaling herself on somebody's cock. She's been driving Dan crazy trying to
seduce him."

  "Well, she won't be a virgin when we leave Iowa."

  "I know. The Master had taken her virginity. His semen courses through her
body permitting her to share his power and strength," said Candace.

  "It seems like only yesterday, she was a baby," said Rhonda.

  "I know. She's a teenager now. Time passes so quickly. She had just turned
five when we met. Her birthday was the Monday before I walked into the Cabaret
Lounge to gain your support in my election."

  "I'll never forget that day. My initial guess about why you had come to see
Brady was one hundred percent wrong."

  "Why did you think I was there?'

  "I thought you were a housewife whose husband had lost his job or suffered
some other economic reverse, gambling, health, whatever. Or maybe he had left
you and taken all the money. Someone had told you that nude dancers make serious
money.  You knew you were beautiful and that was what you had left to sell. You
didn't want to slide down the economic ladder and give up the good life."

  "I suppose that's plausible. Does that sort of thing happen often?"

  "Not that often, most housewives aren't attractive enough or don't have the
nerve. But maybe once a month or so, some femme wonders in prepared to make the
ultimate sacrifice for the family. Years ago, there was one who came to earn the
money for her son's tuition to a private pre-school. Mothers are often willing
to trade their body for something their family needs."

  "And does Brady let them dance?"

  "If they're pretty enough and they're willing to fuck him and any Pagans who
happen to be there for the interview. Most get up and run as soon as Brady makes
his initial demand," said Rhonda.

  "And you've never take advantage of the situation," asked Candace placing her
hand on Rhonda's breast and stroking her nipple as she kissed her lips.

  "Many times, I've played the angel of mercy role. Helped them into the shower,
douched their ravaged sex, applied ointment to their raw and stretched anus then
offered them the soft comfort of a fellow female's gentle arms to rest after
their ordeal," laughed Rhonda.

  "Shameless hussy, did that work?' said Candace.

  "Yes, more often than not," said Rhonda.

  "Don't most women know what to expect?"

  "Most know there's more to being an exotic dancer than dancing. They're just
not expecting to get off to such a quick start. Show me the goods is how Brady
phrases it," said Rhonda.

  "But they have to expect that," said Candace.

  "Yes, they do. You'd have to be simple minded to think that Brady is going to
let you dance without seeing you naked. But once a girl's naked that's when the
fun begins."

  "What happens?"

  "More often than not, Brady tells them they haven't got the body for the job
and sends them on their way or he might tell them to lose ten pounds or get a
boob job and come back," said Rhonda. "Nine out of ten never make it past a
quick walk naked past Brady's desk."

  "And for the one out of ten?' said Candace.

  "You have to sit on the table and pull your labia back so he can inspect your
vagina and then he takes a similar look at your asshole. Sometimes a very pretty
girl will have a bad case of hemorrhoids and have an asshole that looks like a
cabbage. He gets rid of ugly pussies and assholes pretty quick," said Rhonda.

  "All right, Miss America has passed the initial tests but never danced before.
What's next?"

  "They have to prove to Brady how much they want the job."

  "That's when the gang rape starts,' said Candace.

  "Some decide it's not worth it at that point and flee the premises. Others may
be young whores who are used to pulling a train. Maybe they gave the entire
basketball team a piece of ass after they won the state championship. For them
it's no big deal. Lay down and tell them to line up."

  "But there are exceptions," said Candace.

  "I've seen a few lay there with tears in their eyes as they take on a dozen
Pagans. They got a husband at home who's out of work. Maybe he worked
construction and got injured and can't work. Rent or mortgage is coming due.
They're pretty, very pretty and desperate. They think getting naked and dancing
is all they're going to be asked to do.  Brady will point out they can take a
grand a week home tax-free. That can be pretty hard to resist if you're running
out of groceries."

  "And that was what everyone thought I was all about. I certainly enjoyed
screwing Brady and his guys that day. All that power was new to me and using it
was an incredible turn on."

  "You gang banged them not the other way around and they knew it. They couldn't
quit talking about you after you left. They weren't interested in a rematch
either. There was a big psychological difference between you and what normally
happens. Have you ever seen a fairly innocent house wife pull a Pagan train?"
said Rhonda.

  "No, never had the pleasure," said Candace.

  "To the Pagans, making a woman lie there with her legs spread while six to
twenty men screw her is an expression of power and control. It's the essence of
being a Pagan. It allows you to do that and get away with something others go to
jail for. They make a videotape of the event so they have a hold over the
woman."

  "But they enjoy it," said Candace.

  "They enjoy that kind of sex more than any other. First of all it's a fresh
set of holes and what man doesn't enjoy that. But the real turn on is degrading
her. They go wild if she is the innocent wife who has never done that sort of
thing before. They prefer an inexperienced twenty something with a small child
and a nice house in the suburbs to some nineteen year old who thinks nothing of
pulling a train for a few hours. They'll screw anybody but they prefer the
innocent wives to the sluts any day," said Rhonda.

 "It's the tears and the sobs that make them hard," said Candace.

  "Exactly, the Pagans know that this is probably the first time the woman's
ever had sex with more than one man. That alone is a very humiliating and
degrading experience if you have been living the decent life in the suburbs. A
lot of women never regard themselves in the same light after they've pulled a
train of Pagans. Their self-esteem goes to shit. The Pagans have ways to make it
worst than just a normal fuck, too. It may be her first time for anal. They do a
lot of ass to mouth so she sucks her own shit off some Pagan's dick. And she
usually winds up rimming any number of assholes of guys without the greatest
personal hygiene. Licking the shit off some biker's hairy asshole does not
contribute to your sense of self worth."

  "But they need the money," said Candace.

  "Right, if a woman has never been subjected to it, it breaks them down
mentally and makes them compliant. I've seen some confident independent types
walk into Brady's thinking they would dance for a few months until hubby got a
new job or they got ahead of the Visa bill. After they've pulled a train and
been video taped doing it, they're ready to do whatever Brady says and that
includes prostitution. If they're making Brady a lot of money, they can't quit
until he says so. He uses them up."

  "I enjoyed my first gang bang. It is such an incredible experience to have man
after man climb between your legs and screw you in either hole. I can get wet
just thinking about it. The boys certainly took good care of their Mother this
afternoon," said Candace.

  "That day at Brady's you were different. You were in control from the
beginning. The housewives are desperate and terrified. They hope that somehow it
won't make any difference in their lives. But most of the time, the neighbors
find out. You wind up winking your asshole for a dollar at the guy who lives two
doors down. He tells his wife who tells the world and your kids and husband have
to live with the idea that Mom is a stripper whore."

  "That time at Brady's wasn't my first gangbang. The first was here in
Jerusalem the night I first coupled with the Master. It was half the First
Cohort of the Tenth Legion. There were eighty of them, all coarse cruel Roman
legionnaires. They were rough professional soldiers who belonged to Rome's
killing machine. They got me drunk and did what they wanted. They screwed me
during the crucifixion of Jesus and the two thieves. I recall one of them
pounding his cock in me in synchronization with the hammer driving the nails
into Jesus' wrists."

  "Somehow, that sounds like something that would happen to you. Eighty, I'm
impressed. While Christ was being nailed to the cross, Candace was being nailed
by the Romans."

  "It was quite a day. That was first vision the Master gave me. I'm surprised
that a suburban housewife is willing to become one of Brady's dancers just to
keep up appearances."

  "Some are more than willing. Of course, thinking back, you looked too smart
and sophisticated for that."

  "I guess life's full of surprises. But after Brady and the Pagans gang rape
them, does he let them dance?"

  "He'll let them dance a day shift in one of the smaller clubs to see how they
do. Being an exotic dancer puts you at the mercy of the club managers if you
want better shifts like Saturday night. The bouncers and their friends get in
the act too. Any favor has to be comped by an exchange of body fluid. If you
want Security to escort you to your car at 2:00AM, you will need to provide the
occasional blowjob. After a month of sex on demand, you don't mind if a lap
dance customer wants to go into the VIP Lounge for a half and half. You start to
think of it as business."

  "You and Brady own an escort service," said Candace.

  "Elite Escorts of New England is the name. It's an incredible money machine.
Really beautiful dancers become escorts and they do make some serious money. Not
so pretty girls we put on the street corners under the control of Amos, a black
pimp who keeps the girls under control with the liberal use of his pimp stick.
Once a girl is on the streets she can develop a drug problem."

  "So they become a full fledge prostitute. I think that's what he had in mind
for me."

  "He saw dollar signs the minute you walked in. He was thinking he could charge
$1,000 a trick for you. Of course, he quickly learned you were going to cost him
money not earn him money. He still so afraid of you he practically shits himself
when he hears your name."

  "Don't know why. I never harmed a hair on his head."

  Candace leaned over and kissed Rhonda's nipple.

  "Oh, that feels good. We haven't done anything since Aleppo."

  "Speaking of Aleppo, you and I were secretly observed by Sir Thomas of Marle.
I'm going to have a celebration of the Crusader's successful capture of this
holy city. I plan to invite Sir Thomas and his followers. Father Gregory said
this place is perfect for a Roman orgy."

  "There's a bathhouse in the rear that looks like it was designed for just
that."

  "Father Gregory promised to come and bring entertainment. All we have to do is
locate food and wine. Plus knowing our fellow Crusaders, we'll also need women,
girls, young men and boys."

  "Definitely men and boys, in terms of bisexuality, the Crusaders were
certainly ahead of their times. I've never seen men so unphased by having sex
with little boys and young men. I think they actually prefer them. I've heard
Sir Thomas certainly does."

  "So have I. Somehow I've taken that as a challenge. I plan to let him try my
asshole first to see if I can alter his point of view."

  "I'm not sure screwing you in the butt will put him on the path to
heterosexuality. A Roman orgy, that sounds delightful. There's plenty of food
stored in the cellar and barrels of wine. I've come to doubt that anyone in
Jerusalem really follows the Prophet's ban on alcohol. As for entertaining your
guests with lots of sex, the inhabitants of this place, regardless of sex, are
so thankful to be alive; they'll do anything we ask. I gather that there's not
an orifice in the palace that doesn't know the feel of Pasha Sellim's prick. I
understand the old man was quite the satyr. He buggered his own sons and even
his grandsons."

  "They'll need to accommodate our guests."

  "I don't see a problem. Kelly and Sybil are curled up at this moment with the
two oldest wives. Diane and Gale with the two youngest. Gwen and Mary with
several of the son's wives. I sure the Pasha's sons and grandsons regularly
practice buggery. Mustafa, the giant Nubian is worthless as a warrior but has a
cock that the women worship. I haven't got the full story but I gather no one in
the family knows how to say 'no'."

  "Excellent, then all we have to do is get organized."

 Candace's hand was stroking between Rhonda's legs rubbing her thighs and
clitoris. Rhonda automatically changed her position to spread her legs wider.

  "If you keep doing that, I'll cum and wake little John." Candace slipped down
between Rhonda's legs and began slowly licking her clitoris.

  "Your pussy is irresistible. You always smell and taste so damn good.
Sometimes, I can just think about how your pussy tastes and get wet." Candace
was working circles around Rhonda's clit with her tongue.

  "Oh, you do that so wonderfully. It'll be your fault if the little one wakes
up to see his Mommy munching rug."

  "He and his brother's have already munched mine. The feeling of four busy
tongues working between my legs sent me over the top several times this
afternoon."

  "Just like you're sending me now," gasped Rhonda as she climaxed. Rhonda
writhed from side to side as Candace forced her legs further apart and smashed
her mouth and lips against Rhonda's cunt.

  "I cum so fast with you," said Rhonda afterwards. Candace had resumed her
previous position. She was lying with her face on Rhonda's breast. One hand was
stroking lightly across Rhonda's belly.

  "He slept right through it," remarked Rhonda raising up slightly to look at
John, "Look, the little monster has a hard on."

  "Let me see," said Candace leaning forward to get a better look, "Boys get
those in their sleep. I'm going to exercise my prerogatives as a mother and take
advantage of it." Candace glided over the top of Rhonda and slipped between
John's legs. First, she gently touched the semi-soft cock then leaned closer and
licked the tip.

  "Join me," said Candace offering the small cock to Rhonda.

  "Last time, I checked I was a dedicated and fully committed bull dyke."

  "Just pretend it's a clit. You've sucked clits bigger than this. Pretend its
Abigail's."

  At the mention of Abigail, Rhonda broke into giggles.

  "I let that stupid cunt fuck me with it one time. She's deformed." Rhonda and
Candace were referring to one of the Amazon's who was notorious for having a
four-inch clitoris that stuck out like a penis when it was aroused.

  "Just put it in your mouth and gently suck it. Here, I'll suck his balls while
you give him a blowjob. Let little John take your oral virginity."

  "I've sucked a cock before."

  "You told me that no man had ever been inside you."

  "No man has ever been inside my pussy or asshole for that matter. However, I
had two older brothers and a step dad. The way I kept them out of my pussy was
by using my mouth. I was quite a blow job artist when I was young."

  The two women worked on John's cock and balls for a few minutes. John started
to breathe quicker and quicker as Candace and Rhonda alternated sucking his dick
and balls.

  "Our son's going to pop," whispered Rhonda.

  "You want to take it?" asked Candace.

  "That's your job. You're his mother. You take it and share it with me."

  John's small body twisted as he climaxed into Candace's mouth. Candace sucked
gently until every drop of semen had passed into her mouth. She turned her head
sideways to give Rhonda a long lingering kiss in which they passed John's semen
back and forth between them. After the kiss ended, Candace and Rhonda relaxed
with John between them.

  "How was it?" asked Candace.

  "Tasted just like my step daddy's," responded Rhonda.




Chapter 51 - Rape Survival



Please take note! Adults Only Literature

The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written for
adults only.

If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing this
file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
now.

This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
is purely coincidental, etc.

Email HarryBerg01@aol.com with your comments.

Copyright 2004

                                                             ****



  This is the third part of the time travel that Satan gave to Briana during the
celebration of the Black Mass. Briana has been transported to the final days of
the Third Reich. Briana has been transported to Spandau prison for
interrogation.



  "Briana, wake up and drink some water," said a voice that Briana recognized.
When she opened her eyes there was her best friend from school, Ingrid, holding
a cup of water to her lips. The two classmates hugged tightly. They had never
expected to see one another alive.

  "What happened?" asked Briana.

  "I arrived a few hours ago and found you here. I'm sorry I woke you but I was
desperate to know you were all right," said Ingrid.

  "I'm glad you did. Has there been any news?" asked Briana.

  "They say the city has surrendered and the war is over. I was captured the day
before yesterday when my detachment surrendered. Our commander was a coward. He
curled up in bed with his Italian whore and shot her then himself. He sent his
second-in-command to surrender. We never really fought. We gave up at the first
opportunity. You're all bruised?" said Ingrid.

  "They raped and beat me in the truck on the way here. They were Cossacks and
just raping me wasn't enough," admitted Briana.

  "They don't waste any time when it comes to German women. They raped me and
the other women who surrendered. They say the Red Army intends to rape every
woman in Germany, even the very young and aged."

  "Was it awful?' asked Briana.

  "Yes, I was taken out in the square near the Fredrickstrasse while hundreds of
Berliners watched. I lost count but I think they did it to me twenty or thirty
times. I hear they have plans to rape us more when they interrogate all the
women who worked for the party or were in the government or army. They're
hanging members of the Hitler Youth that fought as soldiers. That includes the
Deutscher Madel. There are already bodies of Deutscher Madel hanging in the
courtyard. They let the Poles do awful things to them before they hang them."

  "I need rest. Sleep by my side and we can tell each other more about what
happened later," said Briana unable to resist sleep.

   Ingrid laid down on the edge of the cot and put her arms around Briana who
immediately fell back asleep. When Briana woke up, Ingrid was nearby.

  "You slept all night. How are you feeling?" asked Briana.

  "Much better. Is there a place we can clean up? I'm filthy," asked Briana.

  "Yes, there's an washing area in the back of the cell. We should bathe. You
look a fright," said Ingrid.

  Ingrid took Briana over to a long sink at the back of the cell. Following the
example of the other women around them, the two removed all their clothes.
Briana had not realized how covered in dirt and grime she was. There were dark
bruises on her thighs, breasts, and buttocks. She barely recognized herself in
the mirror. Several women were standing naked at the long sink washing. Modesty
didn't seem to be something one should worry about under the circumstances.
There were male guards nearby watching the naked women through the bars. The
guards moved closer to see the two young pretty girls wash their bodies.

  "German sluts, look at what I have for you," yelled a soldier who spoke a
little German. He had unbuttoned his trousers and was busy fisting his cock. In
his other hand, he held a loaf of black bread.

  "If you want this bread, you must show your love for Red Army cock," said the
soldier.

  "I haven't eaten for days," said a young German women moving toward the bars.

  "Suck me off and eat," spoke the soldier watching as the woman went to her
knees placed her face between the bars and took his cock into her mouth.

  "We may all be sucking Russian cock for a crust of bread before this is over,'
said an aristocratic-looking woman standing nearby. She had casually placed one
foot on a nearby stool and was washing her vagina.

  "That's true," commented Briana watching the woman's head move as she used her
mouth to pay for the bread.

  "I have some of my daughter's clothes if you want to change. It would be
better if you weren't wearing those uniforms," said the lady continuing to wash
her sex.

  "Your daughter is not here," said Ingrid. 

  "Magdalena was foolish enough to admit her husband was in the SS. They didn't
let her take her suitcase but gave it to me to carry. Her things should fit
you."

  The lady showed them a suitcase containing a young woman's clothes.

  "What happened to your daughter?' asked Briana.

  "I'm not sure. She's pretty like you too. They wanted to rape her some more
after they separated us. My husband was an official in the party. They made him
watch while they raped Magdalena and me. Afterwards, they shot him. They said I
was to be held for further interrogation. When I last saw her, she was on her
back with a Russian between her legs and a line of twenty or so more waiting
their turn with her."

  The lady said it so matter of factly it surprised the girls. It was as if she
were talking about the weather. The woman seemed to be in some kind of shock.

  Briana and Ingrid found clean underwear and dresses in the suitcases. After
washing, they dressed themselves and combed their hair. The lady offered them a
comb and brush that they used to fix their hair. She suggested they use her
daughter's make-up.

  "Fix yourselves up, apply some lipstick, rouge and powder. Here, use some of
this perfume. It may be helpful," said the lady.

    Briana realized the woman's family must have been wealthy. The clothes were
very expensive and well made.  When they looked in the mirror, they realized
they looked like two stylish young women.

  "Good, you should attract officers, I'm told the Russian officers prefer young
blonde German girls," said the lady. "If you get a chance sleep with an officer,
become his girl."

  "Why would we want to do that?" asked Ingrid.

  "You might survive if you become the mistress of a high ranking officer. If
you stayed as you were in those uniforms, they will let a company of Don
Cossacks rape you and then hang you in the courtyard. They might even turn you
over to the Poles for torture. They're doing unspeakable things to young girls
that were affiliated with the party. An officer can protect you from the
soldiers and the filthy Poles if you cooperate and give him pleasure."

  "Cooperate?" asked Ingrid not exactly understanding what the lady meant.

  "Spread your legs when they ask and make sure they enjoy themselves and have
no reason to complain. You're both far prettier than most. Take advantage of
that, live for a better day in Germany," offered the lady. "Keep the suitcase,
Magdalena will not need it."

   They thanked the woman and returned to the place in the cell where they
originally were located.

  "I see you've decided to become some officer's whore?" said a much older woman
eyeing the two girls with a disapproving stare.

  "Our uniforms were filthy and torn. We had nothing else to wear. A nice lady
gave us some of her daughter's clothes," replied Briana indignantly.

  "I know what you're up to, you little sluts.  I suppose if I were young I
would try to attract an officer. Who wants to be raped by Cossacks or Poles?
They'll stick their cocks in your ass and make you eat your own shit off them.
They did that to me while my Hagen watched. The Reds like to make we Germans eat
our own shit. "

  "I've already been raped by eight Cossacks and yes they put their cocks in my
ass," answered Briana quietly realizing the woman's experiences had left her
mentally unstable.

  Time passed slowly in the cell. Briana told Ingrid about everything that
happened in the bunker including the part about where she gave up her virginity
during a drunken orgy. Ingrid also told her story.

  "I lost mine too. It was nothing as dramatic as yours. I wish it had of been.
At least you were treated decently. My immediate superior was a Wermacht
officer. I developed a terrible crush on Klaus even though he was married and
had three sons. He showed me their photos. He protected me from the other
soldiers. When right out of the blue, he politely asked if he could make love to
me I said yes. It seemed silly under the circumstances to say, 'No, I am saving
myself for the future and the thousand year Reich.' Especially when I didn't
think the Reich or I had a future. Klaus took me behind a trench work and
deflowered me in an ammunition bunker. He was gentle the first time and it only
hurt a little. That was the nice part. He even told me he loved me."

  "And afterwards," asked Briana.

  "We made love every day for a week. He taught me how to use my mouth to please
a man. He turned out to be a louse. The day before we capitulated, he took me to
that same bunker. This time it wasn't empty. There were a dozen officers and
several women already there. Everyone was drunk and the soldiers were undressing
the women. Klaus said it was party and made me drink a bottle of schnapps. I got
drunk and passed out. I woke up naked on the floor beside the other women. One
of the soldiers was fucking me. When I looked for Klaus I saw he was standing by
me urging the man between my legs to enjoy himself.

  "I taught her to fuck and suck," he yelled to the others. "Now you can all
enjoy her."

  They took turns with us. I no longer cared. I did what they wanted and even
found pleasure in it. I'm a horrible person. That lady is right. We're nothing
but whores," said Ingrid breaking down into sobs.

  "I know. The oaths we took and signed in our own blood about keeping ourselves
pure for the Reich seemed so completely irrelevant that when an SS Major said he
wanted me, I could not think of a single reason to say no," said Briana. "I even
did things with the two girls that I knew were wrong. Go on finish your story."

  "The party got drunker. Klaus put me on a table so everyone could see three of
them take me at the same time. After a while I crawled over in a corner and
passed out. When I woke up, everyone said to get dressed, we had surrendered."

  "Was the rape awful? Mine was. It wouldn't have been so bad if the Cossacks
had fucked me and left it at that. But the beat and hurt me as they raped me,"
said Briana. "They kept slapping me and one of them kicked me in the ribs. They
got the truck driver who had a large cock to rape me anally so it would hurt
worse."

  "After we surrendered, the Russians separated the women and men. They shot
some of the officers and marched the rest off. There were twelve women soldiers
and they took us to the Fredrickstrasse. They pulled furniture out of the houses
that hadn't been bombed and made a big fire in the center of the plaza. One by
one they made us strip naked while they laughed and whipped us with their belts.
They drug some mattresses out of the houses and threw them in the middle of the
plaza. They forced the civilians out of their bomb shelters to watch. If one of
the civilians was a woman or a girl, they made her strip and join us. They must
have been fifty women when they started raping us."

  "I've heard girls much younger than us were raped," said Briana.

  "One of the women kept screaming that her daughter was only eleven and to rape
her in her place. The Commissar laughed at the woman and told her she could lie
beside her daughter as both of them were violated. Since the girl was a virgin
they rolled dice to determine who went first. A fat sergeant won. When the girl
started crying and clinging to her mother, he slapped her and threw her on the
mattress. They clubbed the mother with the butts of their Kalishnokov's put her
right beside her daughter and a burly soldier mounted her. They made everyone
watch what they did to the little girl. Two of the sergeant's comrades pulled
the girl's legs apart. He spit on his cock, put it in her tiny opening and
yelled, "for Mother Russia," as he forced himself into her. The girl screamed
and passed out.  A line for soldiers formed and as soon as the Sergeant
finished, they slapped the girl awake and another soldier raped her."

  "What happened next," said Briana?

  "It got worse. They raped a pregnant woman who also had a young daughter. The
girl who couldn't have been older than nine or ten became hysterical at what
they were doing to her mother. She wouldn't stop screaming; so a Russian officer
pulled her out of her grandfather's arms and put her beside her mother. The
Mongol's raped her and her mother while her parents watched."

  "It must have been awful. How were you raped?" asked Briana.

  "I was placed beside a soldier's widow who had three infant children. They
kept threatening to slit her children's throat if she didn't give them a good
fuck. They held a bayonet to the children's throat. She was desperate to save
her children. She acted like she was enjoying the rape. They told me that if I
weren't as good a fuck as her, they'd slit both our throats and the children's.
The soldiers said they would first kill the children while we watched, and then
kill us. I couldn't stand to be the cause of the children being murdered so I
imitated their mother and screwed each soldier like I loved what was happening.
I even pretended to like it when one of them stuck his cock in my ass. Even
though, it hurt my insides terribly at first. When it got dark and they were
satisfied, they stopped and brought me here."

  Briana held the sobbing Ingrid while she told her story.

  "There's no reason to cry or be ashamed. You did what you had to in order to
survive. Let's agree here and now that we will do whatever it takes to live. You
do want to live, don't you?" said Briana.

  "Yes, but how do we get away? We're Deutscher Madel and snipers. They'll
torture and execute us for certain," said Ingrid.

  "The lady who gave us these clothes said that if we became officer's whores,
we might survive. Let's look for a chance to pair with an officer. In the
meantime, we'll tell everyone that we are students not Deutscher Madel," said
Briana.

  "And if they want to rape us again?" said Ingrid.

 " Just as you pretended to enjoy the rapes to keep the woman's children alive,
let's use our sex to keep us alive. You're very beautiful, Ingrid, some Russian
general will fall in love with you. He will protect you. I will try to do the
same."

  "I'm not a pretty as you. But you're right, let's use the only weapon we have
left to live."

  "You mean the weapon between our legs?" asked Briana.

  "Well, they also like us to put their cocks in our mouths, so I guess we have
two weapons, oh, and we also have our butt holes. They seem to love putting
their Communists dicks inside there," laughed Ingrid through her tears.

  The two girls laughed for a second. They then sat and exchanged information
about what they had learned about having sex.

  Two days passed without much happening. Women were taken out of the cell and
interrogated. Some did not return. Others returned with stories of being gang
raped and tortured. They lifted their dresses to show cigarette burn marks on
their breasts or the stripes and welts left by the Cossack's whips. .

  "They let a machine gun platoon of Mongolians rape me. It went on for hours.
They were like wild animals. They chewed on me," announced a woman as she
staggered back into the cell with a look of absolute horror and degradation on
her face. She only made it a few steps before she collapsed. Briana and Ingrid
caught her before she fell. They took her to a cot. When they removed her dress
to wash her, they saw teeth marks covering her breasts and circling her clitoris
and vagina. Someone had bitten a chunk of flesh out of her thigh.

  Food was scare. One day Ingrid disappeared for a while then returned and
handed Briana a piece of coarse bread.

  "Where did you get this?" asked Briana biting into the bread.

  "When I went to pee, a soldier showed up and offered it if I would suck his
cock through the bars," said Ingrid.

  "Good, I will buy it next time," said Briana.

    "They want anyone who speaks Russian to come forward," announced one of the
women. It was past dark on the third day.

  "Do you think we should admit that we can speak Russian?" asked Ingrid.

  "Why not? There's nothing to do here but wait to be interrogated. They need us
to translate for them. If we make ourselves useful, they may not interrogate us.
Let's go."

  Ingrid and Briana were the only two women who admitted to speaking Russian.
The young Lieutenant seemed very pleased that Briana and Ingrid spoke his
language. He asked them several questions in Russian to prove their fluency. The
questions were of a sexual nature.

  "How many Russian soldiers have fucked you?" asked the Lieutenant.

  "Twenty, I think," answered Ingrid.

  "Eight," answered Briana after thinking a minute.

  "And do the two of you like to suck Russian cock?"

  "Yes," both girls replied.

   "And you wouldn't mind it happening some more?"

  "No, we would enjoy it," responded Briana.

  "Filthy Nazi whores," commented the Lieutenant looking at the girls with
distaste.

  Briana hopes fell as she heard that remark.

  "But Russian speaking whores are what our officers want; so you'll do.
Corporal, release these two."

  The Lieutenant and Corporal walked the girls away from the cell but halted
when they came to a dark hallway.

  "Corporal, we should make use these German whores are willing to suck a
Russian's cock, said the Lieutenant stopping in front of a small dark room.

  "Yes, Lieutenant, they could be lying and the general would not be happy,"
said the Corporal reaching down with one hand to unbutton his trousers.

  "In there," ordered the Lieutenant guiding Ingrid and Briana through the door.

  "Show me," said the Corporal pushing Ingrid to her knees. "Pretend it's a
German sausage."

  Briana fell to her knees.

  "Allow me," said Briana placing her hands on the Lieutenant's crotch and
starting to unbutton his fly.

  "My little whore's so anxious to suck my dick, she's unbuttoning me herself,"
said the Lieutenant.

  "This one has a warm and soft mouth and she uses her tongue well," said the
Corporal.

  Briana placed one hand around the cock and cover the head with her mouth. She
tried to recall what the two women had taught her that night in the bunker. She
passed her tongue over the soft spongy head of his cock and then took his cock
deeper into his mouth using her tongue to massage its surface.

  "Suck it, Nazi slut, suck it well and you may not wind up hanging by your
neck," said the Corporal.

  "Lick my balls," commanded the Lieutenant raising his cock to allow Briana to
lick and suck his scrotum.

  "Swallow my cum, German whore," said the Corporal his rapid breath signaling
that his orgasm was near.

  "Yes, I'll give you a bellyful of spunk," said the Lieutenant holding Briana's
head firmly in his hands as he spewed his semen into her warm mouth.

     "Now lick it clean," said the Corporal.

  Moments later, Ingrid and Briana had resumed their walk to a different area of
Spandau.

  They left the prison part of the ancient fortress and went to the officer's
quarters. The Lieutenant refused to speak to them or answer any questions.

  They were ushered into a small dining room where a group of Russians officers
and several women were drinking and listening to music. The Lieutenant and
Corporal saluted the Captain that met them at the door.

  "Captain Vasilevitch, these two Germans speak good Russian," said the
Lieutenant.

  "Who cares what language they speak. Do they like to fuck?" roared the Captain
who was already drunk.

  "They said they were willing," said the Lieutenant.

  "And you didn't try them before you brought them here?" said the Captain.
"They're pretty. I would have." The Captain looked closely at Briana and Ingrid.
"They're also very young. Let me see your legs, Fraulein."

  "What," said Ingrid not understanding?

  "Raise your skirts," said the Captain impatiently.

  Briana and Ingrid reached down grabbed the hem of their skirts and pulled them
up.

  "Higher," said the Captain.

  Both girls pulled their skirts up as far as they could. The Captain stepped
forward and put his hands on the elastic bands of the girl's panties.

  "Did you check their pussies?" said the Captain sliding his hand down the
front of the girl's panty through the soft curls of their pubic region and onto
their sex. Briana felt a finger pass into the area between their labia. Briana
released a long breath when she felt the finger pressing on her sex.

  "You feel very warm, Frauleins. Did the Lieutenant and Corporal fuck you?"
asked the Captain rubbing both girls' sex.

  "No, Captain," they both replied.

  "Are you sure?"

  "Yes, Captain," was their joint reply.

  Briana and Ingrid were breathing heavily and becoming moist between their legs
as the Captain rubbed their slit.

 "These girls are whores, Lieutenant. Look at how they are pressing themselves
against my hand, pretty little German whores. Are you sure you didn't fuck
them?" said the Captain.

  "We did do something," admitted the Lieutenant.

  "And what was that?" said the Captain.

  "They sucked out cocks," said the Lieutenant.

  "Were they good at it?" asked the Captain.

  "Yes, Captain," said the Lieutenant.

  At that moment, the strange scene at the door was interrupted by the arrival
of a tall Colonel.

  "Bring them over, the General wants to see them," said the Colonel. "You can't
stand here finger fucking them."

  The Colonel without another word put his arm around Ingrid and Brian and
conducted them to the round table where everyone was seated. The girls pushed
their skirts down as they approached the table.  

  A gramophone was playing Russian music. An officer was singing a sad song
about his girl back in Minsk. Empty and full vodka bottles were scatted over the
table. There was also bread. Briana smelled the bread and realized how little
she had eaten since she arrived at Spandau.

  There were two Russian female soldiers and four German girls seated at the
table. All the women were partially undressed. The German girls had allowed
their blouses to be unbuttoned and soldiers were kissing and fondling their
breasts. There were more men than women.

  "Sit beside the General," ordered the Colonel as they reached the table. 
Briana sat on the General's right and Ingrid on the left.

  "Lieutenant General Dimitri Orlov," announced the General as he kissed both
girls' hands.

  "I'm Briana and this is Ingrid," replied Briana in Russian.

   The General handed both girls a large glass of vodka.

  "Thank you," replied Briana and Ingrid.

  "You speak Russian?" said the General.

   It seemed an odd question since they had assumed it was the reason they were
there.

 "Yes, my friend Ingrid and I learned in school. They told us they needed people
who speak German and Russian. Is there something for us to translate?"

  "How old are you?" said the General ignoring Briana's question.

  "Fifteen."

  "What's your name again?"

  "Briana."

  "That's not a German name."

  "It's Italian. I was born in Rome. My father was assigned to the German
Embassy."

  Briana felt the General's hand on her knee. She felt her skirt being raised
until the General's hand rested on her bare skin. She kept still as it traveled
up to her thigh and rested there.

  "You are very beautiful, the prettiest girl I've seen since I got to Berlin,"
said the General to Briana.

  "Thank you but my friend Ingrid is much prettier than me."

  "Your friend is very attractive, maybe the second prettiest girl in Berlin but
there is no doubt that you are more beautiful. And you look so stylish and grown
up."

  "A lady gave us these clothes. They were her daughters. Ours were dirty."

  "Are you a virgin, Briana?" asked the General.

  "No," laughed Briana. "I doubt there are many virgins left in Berlin."

  "Good, How about you friend Ingrid?"

  "No, we are both experienced," replied Briana.

  "Then you won't mind when I make love to you," said the General as he placed
his arms around her shoulders and kissed her. The fact that the General had his
arm around her did not stop the Colonel on Briana's other side from placing his
hand on her other thigh. Brian could tell from Ingrid's face that she too was
being felt up under the table. Ingrid was talking with the Colonel seated on her
other side. Briana recalled that Ingrid was very interested in politics and
geography. Ingrid was also very knowledgeable about the tenets of National
Socialism. Briana could only hope that Ingrid did not start quoting from Mein
Kampf.

  The officers and girls drank and sang. There was a thick cloud of cigarette
smoke hanging over the table. A gramophone was playing Russian music. The
General encouraged Briana and Ingrid to sing along with them. Both girls sang as
hands moved up and down their thighs and fingers worked their way inside their
panties to feel their sex. Ingrid didn't object as her Colonel unbuttoned her
dress to expose her breasts.

   At one point in the evening, Briana and the General were kissing passionately
while he maneuvered one hand inside her dress to fondle her breast. The General
stopped and unbuttoned Briana's dress then pulled the top down.  He slipped the
camisole straps off her shoulders and exposed her breasts. He applied his mouth
to her nipples and Briana responded by kissing the General and stroking his
cock. Her young tits attracted the lustful stares of the drunken officers.
Briana wondered if she and Ingrid were going to be gang raped right there on the
table. The party got wilder as the drinking continued.

  A very drunk German girl and an equally drunk officer climbed up on the table
and began to dance. The girl was only wearing her skirt. The Russian reached
down and lifted her skirt exposing her sex. You could see the dark patch of hair
as she danced with the Russian.

  "What did you do during the war?" asked the General.

  "I was a student," replied Briana thinking it was not exactly a lie.

  "You remind me of my wife. She is fair."

  "Where is she?"

  "Misha, she's in Moscow with our children."

  Being married did not stop the General from moving his hand up to where it
touched Briana's sex through the thin silk material of her panties. She began to
feel warm and wet between her legs as the General slipped his fingers along her
clitoris.  The General seemed pleased with how her sex was responding to his
touch.

  "Rape's all right for the Cossacks but I prefer my women to be agreeable. Are
you agreeable, Briana?" asked the General.

  "Yes, Dimitri, I want you to make love to me," responded Briana who emphasized
the correctness of her response by slipping her hand between the General's legs
and massaging his cock.

  After a while, the General made Briana stand up so she could remove her
panties. She ignored the stares of the others as the General held her skirt up
as she slid her panties down and off. She stuffed them in a pocket of her dress.
When she sat back down, the General rubbed his fingers between her legs as
everyone watched. Briana found herself pushing her clitoris against the
General's hand to increase the pressure. She felt herself growing wetter as she
experienced the friction of his fingers. He slipped a finger inside her vagina.
Briana contracted her muscles to squeeze his fingers.

  "Eager little thing, I've always heard rumors about the wantonness of the
women of Berlin but until now I just thought they were wild stories," said the
General.

  He kissed her and she found herself returning his kisses. Briana saw that
Ingrid was also kissing the Colonel who had almost completely undressed her

  The party went on for several more hours. Briana drank enough vodka to feel
dizzy. Ingrid and the Colonel whose name was Ivanov engaged in a long drunken
conversation about who would emerge the dominant power after the war, the United
States or the Soviet Union. The Colonel had taught history at a university in
Leningrad before the war.

  There were some couches on the side of the room. Officers began to take the
German girls over to the couches and have sex with them. One of the older girls
was very loud and expressive when she was laid out onto the couch and an officer
began to fuck her dog style while everyone watched. She was literally screaming
'Da' each time the officer thrust himself in her. The officers thought this was
funny and loud laughter echoed through the room.

  "I'll shut her up," announced another officer as he staggered over and pushed
his cock between her lips. She did quit yelling 'Da' but changed to loud moans
and squeals.

  Briana figured that Ingrid's and her turn on the couch would eventually come
but the General was content to watch and he refused to let one of the officers
take Briana or Ingrid to the couch. 

 Somewhere during the evening, Ingrid's Colonel announced he was going to bed.
He pulled Ingrid up from her chair. She was clad only in her panties and they
were pushed down to her knees. Ingrid grabbed her clothes and pulled her panties
up so she could walk. Ingrid wrapped her arm around the Colonel. Two other
officers followed along.

  "We're coming with you," announced one the two officers who placed Ingrid's
other arm around his neck. He grabbed one of Ingrid breasts in his hand and
squeezed it. Ingrid turned her face and kissed the officer.

  "The more the merrier," said a drunken Ingrid.

  "She has three holes, so you will need a third," said the third officer
staggering behind the trio as they headed for the door.

  The remaining officers made a number of laughing comments about sharing the
spoils of war. They also laughed about how a Berlin girl was only happy when she
had a cock in every hole. Ingrid took one look back at Briana as she reached the
exit. Briana sensed that Ingrid was resigned to her fate. In a few moments,
Ingrid would have all three cocks inside her. Briana was confident that Ingrid
had enough presence of mind to pretend that she was enjoying what the officers
were doing and make them want to keep her for themselves. Briana turned her
attention back to the General. She kissed him passionately and began to stroke
his cock under the table. She moaned when she felt his hand clutch her breast.

  Other officers left taking women with them. The two Russian female soldiers
offered to have sex with anyone who lacked a German girl. Several of the
officers left with them. The party had dwindled down to only a few hard drinking
souls who were too drunk to leave.

  Finally, the General got unsteadily to his feet pulling Briana up with him.
Briana grabbed her clothes as they left.

  "Help me to my quarters, your sleeping there tonight," was all he said as they
left.

  He leaned heavily on her as they staggered back to his quarters. The General
passed out as soon as they got to his room. He fell across the bed and started
snoring loudly.

  After a struggle, Briana managed to get his boots off. She removed his uniform
trousers and blouse. After a good deal of pushing and pulling, she was able to
get him properly aligned with the bed and under the covers. Briana recalled the
times she had helped her mother undress and get her father in bed when he had
been out drinking.

  Having finished putting the General to bed, Briana was uncertain what to do
next. It seemed pointless to try to get back to the large cell where she had
been held. She wasn't quite sure of her directions and wondering around in the
fortress late at night was unwise. Briana hadn't slept in a real bed in weeks.
There was plenty of room beside the General. Briana carefully folded her dress
and the rest of her clothes and climbed into the bed naked. Within minutes, she
fell asleep.

  Sometime before dawn, Briana felt the General ease his body on top of hers. He
lowered his mouth to her breasts and spent some time kissing her nipples. The
General's mouth on her sensitive breasts combined with his hand rubbing her
clitoris aroused Briana to the state that her body demanded copulation. She felt
a hot itch between her legs and she knew it could only be satisfied when the
General's member penetrated her vagina.

  "Please, put your cock inside my vagina. I need you, Dimitri," moaned Briana
in Russian.

  "You are eager for one so young," replied the General.

  Briana felt an almost desperate desire to get the General inside her. Briana
spread her legs wide and moved her sex against his hardening cock. When he
raised himself off her, she reached down and guided his cock into her vagina.

  "Here, let me," whispered Briana. "I need you, Dimitri."

  She gasped with pleasure as it slowly entered her. She found herself raising
her body to meet his downward thrusts. By locking her ankles around his
buttocks, she was able to pull him into her each time he moved his cock forward.
Briana relaxed as she took pleasure in the sex act. She expressed her pleasure
by loudly moaning each time the General's cock thrust inside her. As time
passed, her desire grew. It expanded and took over her being.

  "I want to be fucked, fucked hard, fucked deep, take me, use me, make me your
whore," chanted Briana as her desires seized her being and became her master.

  She fucked the General with a sense of desperation. She twisted her body to
grind her clitoris against his pubic mound each time it came in contact with
her. Briana felt herself driven by a profound yearning to have the General's
penis reach inside to her deepest point, the very core of her being. Her arms
held the General and one hand embraced the back of his head as her tongue
invaded his mouth and she felt his warm saliva mix with hers.

  "Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me," Briana repeated over and over again in Russian.

  Finally, the General climaxed and rolled off her. His body had shuddered
several times as he released semen into her vagina. He fell back asleep almost
immediately. Briana felt her opening. She wet her fingers in the semen that was
dripping out of her hole. She massaged her clitoris with her wet fingers until
she too climaxed. Briana positioned herself to where she was in the arms of the
sleeping officer. Within minutes, she was asleep.




Chapter 52  - Jerusalem Orgy



Please take note! Adults Only Literature

The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written for
adults only.

If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing this
file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
now.

This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
is purely coincidental, etc.

Email HarryBerg01@aol.com with your comments.

Copyright 2004

                                                             ****



  This is the fourth part dream sequence that Satan gave to Candace during the
celebration of the Black Mass. Candace returns to the Jerusalem during its sack
by the Crusaders. Candace organizes an orgy in Pasha Sellim bathhouse to
celebrate the victory of the Christians over the infidels.



    The massacre of the city's inhabitants had ceased on the second day simply
because the Crusaders couldn't find anyone else to rape and slaughter. The few
survivors were too well hidden in cellars and concealed rooms for the drunken
and impatient knights to locate. The Crusade's leaders aware of the incredible
damage the marauding knights had done ordered the fires to be put out and the
looting stopped.  The leaders also passed the word that anyone caught looting
and destroying property would be beheaded.

  Candace had the bodies surrounding the palace along with the corpses of Pasha
Sellim and his two eldest sons stacked in a courtyard and burned.  She was
surprised at the height of the funeral pyre. All over Jerusalem, immense piles
of human remains were being torched.

  Based on the amount of preparations required Candace decided to hold her
celebration five days after the battle at Jaffa Gate.  Father Gregory, as usual,
had been accurate when he declared the bathhouse or spa of Pasha Sellim's palace
as the perfect place for a Roman style orgy. Candace thought an orgy modeled
after the Romans the perfect way to celebrate the Crusader's victory in
Jerusalem.  She planned a full night of orgiastic sex that would have made a
Roman Senator feel at home.

   The bathhouse enclosed an immense area. The main room of the spa measured
some fifty feet wide and one hundred fifty feet long. The center of the spa was
a large tiled bathing pool with steps at both ends. The underwater tiles
depicted female and male water nymphs engaged in various forms of sexual
intercourse. The center mosaic was an octopus assaulting a female nymph using
his tentacles to penetrate all of her orifices. It was so carefully rendered
that Candace had dived in and swam the length of the pool underwater to view the
erotic imagery.

   There was a gold railing and steps at several places along the sides. There
were smaller satellite pools where in one the water was ice cold and the other
extremely warm. A large area at the end of the main pool was furnished with
couches and chaises. The couches were arranged on three different tiers above
floor level. There was also a space where entertainers and musicians could
perform in full view of guests while they reclined on the couches.

  "Tanya told me that the Pasha would gather his entire clan in the spa to watch
him perform acts of incest. He liked to screw the son's wives while everyone
watched including their children. The Pasha grandchildren were made to watch
their grandfather screw their mother. And of course, the woman's husband was
made to watch also.

  After he fucked his daughter-in-law or daughter, he'd bugger her sons. It was
sort of an inter-generational thing. Pasha Sellim would put the son and family
up on the top tier with him and the rest of his extended family scattered about.
Several of the servants are musicians. The musicians would play while he screwed
the son's wife. If the son was in favor, he might be asked to join in for a
three way.  Next they'd dine and for dessert, he'd cornholed the grandsons and
screw the granddaughters," said Rhonda.

  "Sounds like a fun guy. I slit his throat too fast," responded Candace.

  "If you hadn't done the deed, there'd be a long line among the household
willing to cut the old man's balls off and make them eat them. He wasn't well
loved," responded Rhonda.

  The clear, clean water of the pool was controlled by a system of hydraulics
whose sophistication impressed Candace. A nearby hot spring warmed the water and
a complex arrangement of valves replaced the water with the fresh output of the
spring every several hours.

  Candace gathered the entire household staff to inform them of the orgy she was
planning. She could tell they were still very fearful of the Crusaders. Of
course, thought Candace, they have every reason to be.

  "Four nights from now a party of Crusaders will arrive here as my guests. You
will be expected to help entertain them," began Candace. There were fearful
murmurs in the crowd.

  "The celebration will be held in the bathhouse. You will be expected to serve
food and wine and accommodate whatever sexual desires they may have. As you
know, the Franks have a variety of sexual tastes."

  "Princess, does that include the men and boys?" asked one of the Pasha's
remaining sons. The Palace's inhabitants for unknown reasons referred to Candace
as "Princess".

  "Yes, if a guest wants his cock sucked or to penetrate your ass hole, I expect
you to participate willingly and with enthusiasm. Can you do that?"

  "Yes, Princess, during Ramadan, we Muslim men engage in sodomy as part of our
religion. I have often pleased my brothers and sons that way."

  "Good, the Franks like men and boys so there will be plenty of sodomy for
everyone."

  "Princess, how do we know they won't kill us? They've killed so many," asked
one of the wives.

  "They will not be allowed to bring their weapons into the celebration I
guarantee that any violence against you will be severely dealt with. You should
recall that while the members of other households were being slaughtered, you
were kept safe. "

  "They are very hairy men, their ball sacks are covered with fur," commented
one of the wives who'd seen a naked Crusader's body being burned in a pyre.

  "Ismay, your tongue can part that fur," laughed another wife. This caused
everyone to laugh.

  "Let them take their pleasures with you. Participate willingly and find
pleasure for yourselves in these acts. This is to be a celebration. I want you
and them to enjoy the evening," spoke Candace as a final word.

  Afterwards, Candace had commented to Rhonda, "That seemed to go well as you
predicted it would."

  "Yes, they're up for anything that allows then to keep their head."

  "By the way, our sons want to come to the party. I've told them they have to
be able to suck cock and take it in the ass before they can go. They want us to
watch them play with the Pasha's grandsons this afternoon. We need to make sure
our sweet little angels can take a Crusader cock in their ass without freaking
out."

  The days passed quickly. The city returned to some semblance of normality. The
servants willingly showed Candace's the hidden treasure room. The amount of gold
was incredible. Coins and ingots were piled on the floor along with casks of
jewels. Candace was able to buy enough fresh fruit and vegetables to feed the
household and prepare for the celebration. Getting ready for the party kept the
staff and Sellim's family busy. In spite of their fears, they were genuinely
curious about the strange and fierce warriors from the north. The women of the
household bantered with each other about their plans for the party.

  "They say the Crusaders are huge and that they rip the holes of our women,"
said Tanya.

  "Mustafa has already widened your hole, Tanya, The Franks won't be able to
reach its bottom," replied Asma.

  "Mustafa has never touched me. This morning, I watched Mustafa and the
Princess practice her dance for the guests. The Princess has no problem with his
size."

  "That's the nature of a Crusader princess. They can handle any size man."

  "Tanya, what does Rashad say about the celebration."

  "He is worried that the Franks will slaughter us as they have done to everyone
else."

  "Not with the Princess and her warriors here, did you see how many Franks they
killed who were trying to get into the palace?"

  "Yes, the tall one called Rhonda uses a bow better than any man."

  "They say the Princess can be both man and woman. They say she alone took
Jaffa Gate and allowed the Franks to enter. I heard Rhonda say that no man is
her equal with a sword."

  "Did Rhonda tell you this last night after you crawled into her bed?"

  "Yes, I haven't slept so well since the siege began. Rhonda is very skilled in
the art of making love to a woman. She says that tonight I can be with her
during the party."

  "Tonight, I will take my pleasure from whomever wants me. I will do as the
Princess wishes. I told Kamal and Ahmad they too must please the Franks."

  "I saw those two at play with the Princess's sons. They were getting ready for
tonight by sodomizing each other.  They are bragging about how many Crusaders
will put their cocks in their asses."

    The wives and servants had spent hours fussing over Princess's Candace's
makeup and dress for the celebration. They began by carefully shaving Candace's
pubic hair. They meticulously plucked the small hairs that surrounded her anus.
They bathed her in exotic oils from the East and painted her sex and nipples
with gold body paint.

  "Only the Princess will wear gold tonight," said Rhonda as she entered the
room in a midnight blue silk gown that exposed her nipples.

  "You look beautiful Rhonda, good enough to eat," said Candace casting a
lustful eye toward the slender but muscular leg that showed to Rhonda's waist
when she walked.

  "Not bad for an aging dyke. Did they yank the hairs out of your ass?" said
Rhonda looking over Candace into the mirror.

  "Ouch, yes."

  "These Muslim women treat seduction as an art form. They decorated my cunt and
nipples with a paint that glows in the dark. It also matches the dress. They
keep telling me how the Crusaders will crawl between my legs and impale me on
their hairy cocks. The concept of a committed lesbian is new to them."

  "However, they love to go down on one another," responded Candace.

  "Don't they. I never saw such a collection of lipstick lesbians in my life. I
told Kelly, Sybil, Diane, Gale, Gwen and Mary that they can do whatever tonight.
If they fancy Crusader cock, they can have it. I think Gwen has her eye on
Mustafa. I heard her mutter something about 'once you go black, you never go
back.'

  "I plan to use him and that monster dick of his in a little dance to get the
orgy started. After that, Gwen can satisfy her need for that enormous tool. I
suggest she uses a lubricant."

  "I saw you practicing with him this afternoon. If Las Vegas were willing, you
two would run Siegfried and Roy out of business. By the way, everyone is
color-coded. The Amazons are in midnight blue. The males are wearing red. The
wives are in green and the young girls in yellow. The serving staff will be sort
of a dark orange."

  "And the catamites?" asked Candace.

  "Our sons and the other boys are dressed in white for purity. The four
youngest look adorable. Peter insisted on wearing red like the men.  When Sir
Thomas and his fag knights take one look at Mathew, Mark, Luke, and John, they
will develop an instant boner. The boys are competitive about tonight. They keep
arguing about who can suck off the most Crusaders and take the biggest and
hairiest cock in their ass. I hope they still feel that way when they've got a
Crusader schlong slamming into their little rear ends."

  "They've been practicing with the men for the last three days. I can tell they
like it when they're being butt fucked. They've started sodomizing each other
before they go to sleep."

  "I must say the Master chose the right kind of sons for us."

  "So we're all color coded. I'm not sure how useful that will be once our
clothes come off."

  "My pussy is rouged purple just like this gown. Which by the way looks like
something out of a Victoria Secret catalog."

  "You look beautiful. If we were back in DC, one of our California Senators
would fall in love with you and spirit you away."

  "No thanks, I like my Senators tall and blonde. Although the thought of
spending an afternoon with the two of them has a certain appeal. Think we could
arrange that?"

  "Why not? I'll need California's electoral votes if I'm to win the next
election."

  "Well, I suppose I have no choice other than to go down on two right honorable
senators from the golden state. Are they into women?"

  "I've heard Barbara is. I don't know about Diane. Don't forget Nancy Pelosi.
She looks hot."

  "Her district contains San Francisco. She has to know how to eat a pussy. All
right, I'll make it my mission to have sex with every female member of both
houses."

  "Color coded, now I know why my pubic mound is covered with gold tinted
rouge."

  "Once you understand the color scheme, you can tell whose hole you're in. The
jewelry may have to go. I can barely lift my arm this bracelet's so heavy."

  "Mine feels like it was made in Fort Knox too. Well, how do I look for my
first Roman orgy?" asked Candace as she stood up.

  "Let's forget the orgy and go to bed for a week of fucking. You'll drive Sir
Thomas out of his mind. Just looking at you makes my twat start to drip pussy
oil like a Ford truck with 200,000 miles on the odometer."

  Candace looked at herself in the polished silver mirror. Her gold gown
shimmered in the light. It was almost transparent at the top. Her gold tipped
nipples were clearly visible. The lower part of the gown was less transparent
but one could see the faint outline of the golden triangle that decorated
Candace's pubic area. An exquisite gold and black onyx necklace and bracelet
completed the ensemble. Tiny golden sandals adorned her feet.

  The debauchery was scheduled to start in the spa after everyone had stripped
naked and gotten in the pool.

  Candace greeted Sir Thomas's party in the reception hall of the palace. She
had invited Sir Thomas of Marle, his knights and men at arms. Ten knights and
dozens of squires and men at arms accompanied Sir Thomas. As soon as they
arrived, Candace stepped forward and embraced Sir Thomas. She held him close as
she kissed him passionately pressing her sex against his groin.

  "Greetings, Sir Knight, I've planned an evening that a Roman Emperor would
envy. Tell your knights to undress and put on these robes," announced Candace to
Sir Thomas and company after they arrived.

  "The lady wants us naked and naked we shall be," announced Sir Thomas as he
began to pull the heavy Frankish clothes off. The others followed suit. The
wives and consorts of the deceased Merchant Sellim and his sons passed among the
retainers helping the men undress. The women were dressed in sheer cloth and the
knight's hands pressed against warm breasts and buttocks as the women handed out
the bathing robes. Candace was helping Sir Thomas undress when she noticed Peter
helping a young handsome knight remove his clothes. Candace was pleased to see
Peter pass his hand slowly over the young knights buttocks. The knight turned
and embraced Peter and they kissed.

  The women and men of the household were under no illusions about what was
expected of them. They would be at the mercy of the Crusaders lust but Candace
had promised that no one would be harmed. The fact that weapons were to be left
in the entranceway encouraged the members to relax and accept Candace's
assurance.

  Candace held the silk robe open for a naked Sir Thomas to step into. Sir
Thomas was a great hairy giant of a man with a thick cock nestled among a thick
patch of pubic hair. Once in the robe, he turned around facing her, not
bothering to close it. He wrapped his hand around his cock and held it out
toward Candace.

  "If I recall correctly, you said you were going to get some of this when we
were fighting our way toward Jaffa Gate," said Sir Thomas.

  "And that I will, Sir Thomas," said Candace reaching forward to wrap her hand
around the Crusader's cock. She looked down at his large uncircumcised cock. It
was not the longest Candace had encountered but it may have been the thickest.

  To the Muslim women, the Franks were incredibly hairy men. They marveled at
the thick fur covering their body. Many of the women whether out of curiosity or
a desire to please the Princess let their hands wander over the men's bodies at
they undressed.

  Candace stroked Sir Thomas's cock. She felt it harden to her touch. Sir Thomas
placed one hand on her breast and took her nipple between his fingers. They
kissed one again passionately.

  "I keep thinking of you in your armor with your sword in the guts of the
Saracen commander. I'm going to stick the sword you have in your hand in your
guts, right in your butt hole, " said Sir Thomas growing harder as Candace
wrapped her fist around his member and stroked it.

 "Before this evening is over, this will be inside all my orifices, Let's take
your men to the bathhouse, there are women, girls, men, and boys for their
pleasure, there's also wine and food, later there will be entertainment," said
Candace restraining herself from slipping Sir Thomas's cock inside her wet cunt,
right then and there. Candace looked over to see that one of the more impatient
knights had already mounted one of the women. Her feet were locked around his
hips as she pulled him into her each time he thrust forward. A small crowd had
encircled them and was watching the two have intercourse.

  Candace was pleased that her instructions to the members of Sellim's household
were being followed.  Several of the other Franks were in various stages of sex
play with the men and women. Peter and his knight were slowly stroking each
other's cock.

  "Everyone follow me," yelled Candace briefly holding onto to Sir Thomas's cock
as a means to pull him in the right direction. Sir Thomas draped his huge
muscular sword arm over Candace's shoulder allowing it to fall down and rest on
her breast as they lead the party of Crusaders back through the palace. At the
last moment, the Frankish knight climaxed in the girl that Candace recognized as
one of Sellim's son's wives. He quickly pulled her to her feet and they followed
behind.

  There was a collective 'ahhh' when the Franks reached the bathhouse. Sellim
after a lifetime of hard work building his trading empire had decided to enjoy
his great wealth. He was a libertine and even at the age of sixty maintained a
keen interest in matters of lust and sexuality. He was an educated man and
familiar with the works of the Roman writer Suetonius. Using a combination of
ancient texts plus the finest architects and builders, he had constructed a
facsimile of a Roman villa of the third century.  The bathing pool dominated the
center of the room.  The chaises and couches were covered in the finest silk.
The walls were decorated with brightly covered tiles that depicted scenes from a
Roman orgy. There were figures of Roman lords and ladies engaged in sexual acts
with young girls and boys. There were also scenes from Greek mythology. There
was a giant bull thrusting himself into Europa.

  Candace and Rhonda had been amused that the faces of the people participating
in the orgy had decidedly Arabic features.  Candace led Sir Thomas to the couch
that was situated on the highest part of the tiered floor. When she arrived at
the couch, she made an announcement.

  "I want all of you to watch Sir Thomas and myself. After we have finished, you
may take whatever pleasure you will from the members of this household. There is
wine and food and entertainment will arrive shortly. But first I claim the right
as your hostess to copulate with Sir Thomas while all of you watch."

   As Candace finished her speech, she reached up and unclasped a golden broach
that held her garment. It fell lightly to the floor revealing her naked form. To
the dark hair Muslim women and men, Candace's blondness was enough to inspire
wonder. There was a moment of silence while everyone took in her perfect figure
and unmatched physical beauty.

  After a moment's hesitation, Sir Thomas placed his giant hands on Candace's
shoulders and pushed her down to her knees. Once there, she smiled and warped
her delicate hands around Sir Thomas's cock and took the head in her mouth and
began to suck it. A cheer went up from the crowd as Candace forced her mouth
down to the base of Sir Thomas's hardening member. Candace's lips reached the
root of Sir Thomas's cock and her tongue flicked out past her bottom lip to
swipe his balls.

  "They teach all the whores in Cornwall to suck cock that way," commented a
nearby knight as he took the hand of the young Muslim boy at his side and placed
it on his own hardening cock. That same knight turned his head to kiss the boy's
twin sister who was standing to his other side.

  Servants were passing among the party goes handing out silver goblets of wine.
The crowd watched transfixed as Candace's mouth made passionate love to the
hairy cock. When her lips pulled back, they saw that Sir Thomas's cock was full
extended and dripping wet with Candace's saliva.

  Rhonda was standing nearby. She glanced down to confirm that her and Candace's
sword were discreetly hidden under the chaise where she and Pasha Sellim's two
eldest wives intended to enjoy a prolonged session of lesbian sex. Both wives
were gorgeous creatures barely in there mid teens. Pasha Sellim in accordance
with the laws of the Prophet had divorced all of his older wives and replaced
them with young beauties that his agents found in the slave markets. They had
been selected for their loveliness and their skill in the art of lovemaking.
Rhonda decided that everything was going well enough that she could relax and
enjoy herself. As Candace had predicted, the Franks had left their swords and
even their clothes at the entranceway. Rhonda was pleased that her mistress was
enjoying herself.

  Candace seemed enraptured with the enormous Frank whose body was covered with
a thick mat of hair. Her hands were squeezing his buttocks as her mouth worked
on his cock. Sir Thomas's pubic hair was wet from saliva.

  "Does that please you?" asked Sera, the young woman kneeling in front of
Rhonda and slowly twirling her tongue around Rhonda's clit interrupting her
thoughts.

  "Yes, very much," replied Rhonda realizing how wet she'd become. Rhonda knew
that before the celebration was ended she would see sexual acts that were
nothing short of wonders. Candace had promised that the mysterious Father
Gregory would arrive; bringing an exposition of human lust and depravity that
was incomparable.

  "Here, let me lick her too," pouted the other wife, Tanya, who was also
kneeling in front of Rhonda.

  "Don't fuss, you can share me," said Rhonda as she pulled her gown over her
head revealing her muscular body. Rhonda lie back on the divan and spread her
legs. She exposed her clit with her fingers, surprising herself with her
wetness.

  "My cunt's like a spring," remarked Rhonda.

  "One that we can drink from," cooed Tanya as she dipped her tongue into the
opening and withdrew it coated with a glistening puddle of the product of
Rhonda's glands.

  "Why is it so hot to be fucked in public?" wondered Candace noting that
perhaps a hundred people were watching her suck Sir Thomas's fat sausage of a
cock. Ever since that night on the slope of Golgotha when the Romans fucked me
until I was out of my mind, I can take enormous pleasure from being exhibited. I
am shameless when it comes to public sex.

  Candace stood up and fell backward onto to the chaise. She reached up and
grabbed her ankles pulling her legs backward over her head and offering her
holes to Thomas. He reached down and stuck a giant finger in her cunt and
twisted it about. His digit reached clear to her G-stop and she writhed in her
first orgasm of the evening at his single touch.

  "Are you not the greatest whore in Cornwall?" asked the impressed Sir Thomas
after he had taken a deep draught of wine.

  "The greatest in all Christendom. Take whatever hole you choose," responded
Candace pulling her legs even higher to better expose her anus to his view.
Candace pulsed the muscles of her anal ring to make them open and then close as
an invitation.

  "I see you know what I like,' responded Sir Thomas as he took his erect cock
in hand and aimed it toward Candace's anal ring.

  "Sodomize me, my lord," whispered Candace relaxing her asshole to allow his
easy entry.

  "You're as tight as a ten year old," groaned Sir Thomas as his cock felt the
heat and grip of Candace's rectum.

  "She's a witch, only witches can control their ass holes like that," said one
of Sir Thomas's knights who were watching the scene from a nearby chaise.

  "Witch or not, I hope I get my turn with her, she's fair beyond comparison,"
said another.

  "Oh, yes, my tits, hurt them, my lord," said Candace twisting in pleasurable
agony as Sir Thomas's fat cock pummeled her rectum and his giant hands mauled
her breasts.

  "Look, she takes it all in her greedy ass and wants more," yelled Sir Thomas
as he buried his cock in Candace until his balls slapped against her buttocks.

  The crowd watched transfixed at the frantic coupling on the highest chaise.
Sir Thomas was stroking himself faster and faster in Candace's rectum. The
muscles in Candace's long powerful legs were flexing as she drew Sir Thomas's
cock deep into her anal passage each time he drove downward. Finally, the giant
knight's entire body shuddered as he drove one final thrust into Candace and
released his sperm. Candace allowed her own orgasm to take place. Orgasms while
a hundred sets of eyes watched were always her preference. Candace's rectum
clutched Sir Thomas's cock with all the force that the muscles lining her bowels
could muster forcing the last drops of semen to flow into her anus.

  "My God, by all that is holy, you are without equal," yelled Sir Thomas rising
up off Candace in triumph and drinking the rest of his wine as a salute.

  There was a period of prolonged applause and shouts of approval from the
crowd. Candace got to her feet and performed a short bow acknowledging the
crowd's endorsement. Candace slipped back into her gown. Immediately, Matthew,
Mark, Luke, and John appeared and raced to Sir Thomas and threw themselves into
the arms of the giant knight. Other young boys and girls appeared and walked
among the guests until invited to stay by a Crusader with a desire for sex with
the very young.

  "They will keep you entertained while I attend to other matters," said Candace
to Sir Thomas who had already exposed Matthew's boy cock and was licking the
tip. The other three boys were playing with Sir Thomas's cock and taking turns
sucking on his giant nut sack.

  "Where did you get all these beautiful young boys?" asked Sir Thomas taking
his mouth off Matthew's cock for a moment.

  "In church, enjoy them, sodomize them, I will return before long," said
Candace.

  Candace looked around the room to determine how her party was progressing.
Rhonda was over in the corner of the room with her head buried between the
thighs of Tanya whose own face was between Sera's thighs. Sera's face was
greedily sucking on Rhonda's clitoris.

  Peter was on all fours being sodomized by his young knight. One of Pasha
Sellim's granddaughters was underneath Peter sucking his cock as the Frank
fucked his ass. Most of the Franks had chosen either a young boy or girl to
fuck. The older men and women were participating by slipping their fingers or
tongues into the assholes of the Franks. A number of sex acts were going on in
the pool. A man-at-arms on the steps of the pool was energetically screwing a
young Muslim wife who was making loud sighs of pleasure each time his cock
reached its deepest point in her vagina.

  Candace checked the kitchen to make sure there was a steady flow of wine and
food to the guests. She decided that everything was proceeding as planned. She
hurried away from the kitchen to return to the pool area.

  As soon as she reached the pool, a tall knight appeared in front of her and
took her in his arms. He scooped her up in his arms and carried her a few steps
to a nearby chaise where another knight was having his cock sucked by one of the
granddaughters.

  "Move over," said the knight to the other occupant as he laid Candace down on
the chaise and positioned himself between her legs. Without any ceremony, he
worked the head of his erect cock into the entrance of Candace's vagina. Sensing
he had found the hole he wanted, he shoved his cock deep into Candace's pussy.
Candace found herself enormously turned on by the abruptness and surprise of the
sex act. The knight began to vigorously thrust his cock into Candace's hole as
he kneaded her breasts and pulled on her nipples.

  Candace fucked him like a woman possessed. I love being used like a common
whore thought Candace as she squeezed the cock invading her pussy. She pressed
her G-spot against the cock to create a multi-orgasmic state that resulted in a
mini-climax each time the knight's cock sunk home.

  The knight's cock emptied warm semen into Candace as the knight's body
shuddered and convulsed. Simultaneously, Candace experienced repeated orgasms in
response to each pulse she felt in her vagina. Candace was not allowed five
seconds to recover as the other knight on the chaise pushed the young girl
sucking his cock away and climbed between Candace's legs. The young girl,
Yasmina, immediately took the cock just extracted from Candace's pussy into her
mouth and began to slowly suck it in order to make him erect again. Yasmina
appeared to relish licking semen and Candace's juices off the softening cock.

  The replacement knight balanced Candace's ankles on his shoulders as he pushed
two fingers into her asshole. As he did, some of the semen deposited by Sir
Thomas oozed out.

  "You have a butt full of Sir Thomas's cum," announced the Knight as he cock
fucked Candace's pussy and finger fucked her asshole. "I'll dump my load in to
mix with Sir Thomas's," said the second knight.

  Deciding that was sufficient lubrication, he placed his cock head on Candace's
anus and pushed. He was gratified to see her anal ring opening and his cock head
engulfed. Not hesitating for a second, he buried his cock in Candace's rectum in
one downward push that only ended when his ball sack slapped against her bottom.

  "Your ass is truly a wonder," said the knight as he savored the sensations
created by Candace's rectum applying a pulsating pressure to the length of his
dick.

  Candace grunted with the pleasure of her second anal intercourse as she felt
waves of delight that centered on her invaded bowel and radiated outward.  
Candace wet two fingers in her mouth and began to vigorously stroke her already
engorged clitoris.

  Candace felt the chaise shift as the knight she had just fucked straddled her
head placing his anus directly over her mouth.

  "Suck my shit hole," commanded the knight as he crouched lower to bring his
hairy butt hole in contact with Candace's mouth. Yasmina had repositioned
herself to continue sucking the knight's cock as Candace pleasured his anus.
Candace's tongue parted the curly hairs that covered his anus and licked across
his wrinkled aperture. Candace's lips formed a tight ring around his brown
pucker hole. She applied suction and felt the butt hole open slightly. Candace
sucked harder then slipped the tip of her tongue inside the opening.

  "That's good, fuck my ass with your tongue, and you little one, suck my cock
dry while your mistress sucks my asshole," said the knight.

  Candace allowed herself to be consumed by the physical pleasure she was
experiencing from being ass fucked while sucking on the ass of another knight.
Candace felt her breasts being mauled by three pairs of hands. Candace's lips
had opened the knight's anal ring to where it could host a full two inches of
her tongue. She reveled in the taste of the knight's feces as her tongue licked
the walls of his rectum.

  "How is it, Roland?" asked the knight fucking Candace's ass hole to his
compatriot.

  "Beyond anything you would find back in France. Her tongue is deep inside me.
How goes her back door?"

  "I think only a bishop or a cardinal could squeeze your cock with their ass
this firmly. I've heard it said there is a monk in Paris that could make a grown
man scream his butt is so strong."

  "I'm going to cum, swallow every drop, Muslim whore," announced the knight a
few seconds before he ejaculated in Yasmina's hungry mouth.

  Moments later, both knights had climaxed. Candace and the Yasmina kissed,
passing the knights semen between their lips.

  "Don't go, I want to screw you some more," said the knight as Candace rose up
off the chaise.

  "Sorry, but I need to see to the entertainment of my guests. Enjoy yourself
with Yasmina. Do with her what you like," said Candace leaving.

 "Are all the boys taken?" asked one of the two knights.

 "Ahmad, come here, please" commanded Candace to one of Pasha Sellim's grandsons
who had just finished sucking the cock of a stout man-at-arms.  The squire had
apparently drunk too much wine and passed out the minute he released his semen
into the boy's hungry mouth."

  "Yes, Princess," said the young boy that Candace recognized as one of her
son's playmates and a frequent partner in the group sodomy they had been
practicing for the last three days.

  "Stay here with these two knights and Yasmina and let them take their pleasure
of you," said Candace.

  "Yes, Princess," said Ahmad as he positioned himself on all fours. There was a
thin trickle of cum leaking out of his hairless butt hole.

  "Yasmina, get beside the boy. We're going to cornhole the two of you," said
one of the knights.

    Candace surveyed the situation. Many of the guests were taking a break
having satiated themselves with sexual pleasure for the moment. On the top
level, Sir Thomas was lying flat on his back. John was straddling his cock,
slowly raising and lowering his little body to impale himself on the fat member.

  Candace signaled for the musicians to take their places and begin to play. The
servants lowered the lights except for those on the small stage. The music began
with a strong drumbeat that slowly increased in intensity. Everyone watched as
four of the youngest of Pasha Sellim's granddaughters lead the giant figure of
Mustafa forward onto the stage.  The Frankish knights had never seen a
blackamoor let alone one as large as Mustafa. The four young girls looked tiny
compared to the enormous Negro.

  The girls were excellent dancers and Candace had rehearsed them carefully.
Mustafa stood tall and silent as the four females danced around him picking up
speed and intensity in time with the music. Each girl slowly removed her top as
she moved forward to offer her body to the giant blackamoor. The girls pressed
their naked breasts against the back and front of his huge torso. Their skin was
glistening with perspiration as they passed their erect nipples across his
muscular body.

  They seemed to revel in the pleasure of rubbing their hard nipples against his
skin. They began to lick his ebony skin as they rubbed themselves on him.

  The milky whiteness of their breasts contrasted with the cold blackness of his
flesh. Mustafa stood unmoving and unnoticing as the four women undulated in a
circle around him.

  One of the women stepped out of her harem pants revealing a sex that the
labial lips had been rouged the same black shade as Mustafa's skin. Her labia
were clearly visible and she pulled her lips apart to reveal a clitoris also
rouged black. The other three women stripped naked as they danced. Their sex was
similarly painted.

  Candace looked around to see that everyone was enthralled by what was
happening on stage. Everyone had stopped their sexual play to watch the
entertainment. As the music played, the four naked females approached Mustafa on
all four sides and rubbed themselves wantonly against the legs and hands of
Mustafa. Slowly, the women unwrapped Mustafa's only covering. It was a gold
cloth wrapped around his groin. There was a loud "ah" sound as Mustafa's erect
cock came into view. It stood straight out.

  "That's the biggest dick I've ever seen," commented one of the knights.

  The four naked women stroked and licked Mustafa's cock as they danced. The
music was playing faster and faster. One of them pushed a nearby chaise onto the
stage and the women placed Mustafa on his back as they continued to play with
his cock. One hoped up on the chaise straddling Mustafa's head. She lowered
herself until her sex was in range of Mustafa's pink tongue. He held it in a
rigid point as the girls took turns sliding his tongue into their vagina.

  Mustafa was now lying on his back with a hard, thick fifteen-inch prick
pointing toward the ceiling. The music went into a crescendo as the women danced
furiously. All of a sudden, the music stopped and the room went completely dark.
The four girls had gone into the audience and joined a knight or squire on a
chaise to watch the rest of the performance.

  The spa stayed dark for a few seconds then the light reappeared but only on
the stage. A golden rope dropped from the ceiling and fell through the air to
end at the base of Mustafa's balls. There was a collective "oh" from the crowd
as the naked figure of Candace climbed down the rope headfirst. Her feet were
intertwined in the rope as she quickly moved from the high ceiling to a spot
about a foot above the head of Mustafa's cock.

  The crowd was absolutely silent as Candace hesitated for a moment then opened
her mouth and moved downward taking the enormous cockhead in her mouth. Again
there was a brief hesitation then Candace used her hands and feet to slowly
lower her body taking in more of the length of Mustafa's cock. At a certain
point, the audience observed the sides of Candace's throat expand as Mustafa's
cock entered her esophagus. Candace only stopped when her lips reached the base
of Mustafa's cock.

  "That's isn't possible," said someone in the audience.

  "It's like a snake swallowing its prey," said another.

  Candace began a rhythmic raising and lowering her body using only her hands
intertwined in the golden rope. Each time she lowered herself Mustafa's cock
disappeared down her throat only stopping when she reached the very base of his
cock. The audience watched intently as Candace's tongue slowly appeared and
passed over Mustafa's huge nut sack.

  After swallowing Mustafa's cock over twenty times, Candace pulled herself up
the rope then reversed her body so her feet were now pointing toward the floor.
She slowly raised her legs until her feet were directly in front of her face,
the soles pointed toward the ceiling. The simple fact that someone could get
their body in such a position awed the onlookers. Her vagina was the lowest part
of her body.

   Once more Candace lowered her body using her arms until her pussy took in the
head of Mustafa's cock. To the audience, it appeared that the hungry mouth of
her vagina and opened and swallowed the glistening black knob that capped the
largest cock any of them had seen. Once inside her hole, Candace once again used
her arms to lower herself until her buttocks touched Mustafa's groin. All
fifteen inches of his erection was once again inside her body.

  "It must be a conjuror's trick," said one of the Frankish knights who had
temporarily stopped sucking the cock of one of Pasha Sellim's sons to watch the
performance.

  Candace used her arms to raise and lower herself many times. At a certain
point, the music began a drum role. Mustafa tightened every muscle in his body
and clasped his powerful arms across his chest and crossed his ankles. Candace
carefully lowered herself once more stopping at the very bottom. The drum role
increased its intensity.

  The muscles in Candace's body, especially her arms grew hard as stone as she
raised her body pulling Mustafa off the chaise using the muscles in her cunt.
Many in the audience stood up in order to see better. Most thought it a
magician's trick. Candace slowly lifted Mustafa in the air holding him by the
muscles in her cunt.

  At ten feet in the air, Candace slowly changed her position to hold her body
perpendicular to the rope. Mustafa stayed in place secured by Candace's cunt.

  At that point, the drums stopped and the lights went out. A few seconds later
when the lights went back on, Mustafa and Candace were standing on the floor
holding hands fully dressed. The audience was quiet for a moment then loud
applause broke out.




Chapter 53  - Red Army Whores



Please take note! Adults Only Literature

The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written for
adults only.

If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing this
file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
now.

This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
is purely coincidental, etc.

Email HarryBerg01@aol.com with your comments.

Copyright 2004

                                                             ****



  This is the fourth part of the time travel that Satan gave to Briana during
the celebration of the Black Mass. Briana has been transported to the final days
of the Third Reich. Briana has been transported to Spandau prison for
interrogation. Briana and Ingrid find themselves at the mercy of the Red Army.





  It was almost noon, when the General awakened Briana by getting out of bed and
yelling for his orderly. Several minutes passed before a young corporal
appeared. Briana pulled the covers over her naked breasts when the orderly
appeared. Then she thought better of it and let the sheet slip down to where her
breasts were exposed.

  I'm the whore of a Russian officer now. I have no reason to be modest.
Everyone will know what I am thought Briana. I hope Ingrid is all right. She
left with three officers. I imagine they kept her busy most of the night.
Fortunately I got to rest and feel much better.

  "Sergey, get us some food," ordered the General. The orderly rushed back out
the door. The General got back in bed.

  "We have some time. Use your mouth," said the General placing his hand on the
back of Briana's head and pushing her downward under the covers toward his cock.
He was already hard. He had been too drunk last night to really enjoy the
beautiful German girl.

  "Yes, General," said Briana taking his cock in her hand and stroking it.

   Briana sensed what the General wanted. That night in the bunker Elise and
Hilda had taught her how to pleasure a man with her mouth. Briana took the
General's member in one hand and began to slowly lick the cock head. She
carefully licked and sucked the General's balls then pushed her tongue up and
down the ridge of skin on the underside of his long hard penis. She recalled how
Hilda had taught her to suck Lieutenant Gaston's cock. Briana could tell from
the quickening pace of the General's breath that he was moving toward climax. He
pulled the covers off her so he could watch her perform orally.

  "Amazing for one so young, that's wonderful, you are exceptional, Briana,"
whispered the General.

  When she heard someone open the door and enter the room, she reacted by
starting to rise up and stop sucking the General's cock. The General's hand
grabbed the back of her head and forced her mouth back down on his hard penis.

  "Don't stop, its only Sergey bringing food," said the General.

  Briana blanked the presence of another man out of her mind as she returned to
providing oral pleasure to the General. She smelled food as she sucked the
General's cock and that reminded her how hungry she was. She picked up the pace
forcing the General's cock to the opening of her throat. Briana positioned the
cock head into the gateway of her throat then took a deep breath and forced the
head to slide a few centimeters down toward her esophagus. She recalled Elise
telling her that men felt an intense pleasure when they feel their cock inside
the tight and warm throat of a woman.

  "They feel superior and their penises think they're inside your pussy," said
Elise demonstrating with Lieutenant Gaston's cock.

  Briana slowly forced more of the cock into her throat breathing through her
nose and managing to overcome her gag reflex. She withdrew to where the
General's cock was between her lips. Her tongue probed his piss hole. Then she
drew her lips tight around the circumference of the cock and slowly drove
downward until five centimeters of the cock wedged itself into her throat. The
General moaned his pleasure.

  "Don't stop, do that again. You're beyond excellent."

  Briana repeated her slow mouth fucking of the General. Then she began to hurry
her pace grabbing the shaft in her hand and stroking it as she sucked on the
head. Briana successfully gauged she was doing a good job based on the General's
comments and the way he was breathing. Behind her, she could hear the orderly
setting up their food. Finally, the General climaxed releasing his sperm into
Briana's mouth. Briana gently sucked on the piss hole slowly extracting all the
semen from the General's gonads. She held it in her mouth for a moment, rolling
it over her tongue and feeling the ecstasy of the salty taste. Then she
swallowed it reveling in the feeling of the warm liquid sliding slowly down her
esophagus and entering her stomach.

  "That was quite amazing for a fifteen year old. I wish my wife was half as
proficient at sucking my cock as you," said the General kissing Briana on the
lips.

  "You liked it? General" asked Briana.

  "Yes, it was wonderful, when we are alone, you may call me Dimitri, are you
hungry?"

  "Very, Dimitri."

  "It's only bread and canned meat." There was a loaf of black bread and several
square shaped tins of meat on the table. Candace was surprised to see that the
label on the tins of meat was in English. She picked it up and discovered an
American company named "McCormack Meat Packers" canned it in Chicago, Illinois.
It was called "Spam". On the label there was a picture of a pretty American
housewife opening a tin as her family looked on approvingly.  Briana understood
from the name it was some sort of processed pork or ham. Sergey took the square
tin from her brushing the back of his hand across her breast. He detached what
looked to be a slotted key off the bottom and used it to open the metal tin.
Sergey cut the Spam into even slices and handed one to Briana.

  "Thank you, this is wonderful. It's American," said Briana as she ate a slice
of Spam.

  "Part of Lend Lease, its not very tasty but it kept the Red Army from
starving," replied the General.

  Briana had jumped out of bed naked. Sergey was nearby hanging up the Colonel's
uniform. Briana saw that the young corporal was glancing in her direction.
Briana slipped on the dress that she had folded neatly across the chair. She
didn't bother with the underwear. The dress was the only thing she had to wear.

  She and the General ate and drank in silence. Briana was famished and she
consumed two tins of Spam and an entire loaf of the coarse brown bread. The
silence also gave her a chance to take a closer look at the General. He was
young for a general officer. He seemed to be in his late thirties.

  "What are you thinking?" asked the General when he saw Briana studying him.

  "I was wondering how old you are? You seem very young for a general."

  "You're very young for someone who knows how to make love as well as you do.
However, as for myself, many of the senior officers of the Red Army are quite
young. I was a lieutenant first grade when Germany invaded. A large portion of
the senior officer corps were killed or captured in the first days of the
attack. The Red Army has increased in size several folds since the start of the
war. If you were a lieutenant at the beginning and managed to survive, you are
bound to be a general by now."

  "You are too modest. You must be a good officer. What is your command?"

  "The 544th Tank Division of the Twelfth Shock Army of Marshall Zhukov's Army
Group Central. I have to go out for a while. But I'll return before dark. You
are to stay with me for now. There's a party tonight at the Fortress. It's a
large celebration of the victory of the Red Army in capturing Berlin. There's a
rumor that Field Marshall Zhukov will attend. You're coming with me."

  Briana didn't know what to say. She nodded her head that she understood.

  "Sergey, my dress uniform needs to be cleaned and my boots polished."

  "I only have the one dress," said Briana realizing she had nothing to wear to
a party.

  "Sergey, take Briana to the quarters of the Fortress Commander. His family
included daughters and I believe a younger sister. You should be able to find a
gown there."

  The Russian officers had taken over the quarters of the German officers who
were assigned to the Fortress before it surrendered. However, the Fortress
Commander had a separate residence within the fortress walls.

  "Is Ingrid invited? She loves a party," asked Briana taking the General's hand
in hers. She knew she was taking a risk but the General surprised her by readily
accepting her suggestion. Having two beautiful girls on his arms at a party
attended by Marshall Zhukov would be a political feather in his cap. General
Orlov was aware that the Marshall had an eye for pretty young girls.

  "Excellent idea, Sergey, tell Colonel Ivanov that Briana's friend Ingrid will
also be accompanying me to tonight's celebration. Take both of the young ladies
with you to the Commander's Residence so they can find something to wear."

  Sergey left the room for a while then returned.

  "The girl Ingrid will be along shortly. Colonel Ivanov and Captain Roskolnokov
decided to have her one more time before she left," said Sergey.

  "Horny bastards," commented the General.

  "Is Ingrid all right," asked Briana concerned for her friend.

  "She had the Colonel's cock in her ass and the Captain's in her pussy and she
was moaning and cursing in German and Russian. She looked liked a whore that was
getting all she could handle," said Sergey smiling at Briana.

  "We Soviets have fought long and endured much thanks to Germany. Enjoying
German woman is one of fruits of our victory," said General Orlov matter of
factly.

  "I understand that German women must pay for the war. I was just concerned
about my friend. She and I were schoolmates," said Briana leaning over to kiss
the General on the cheek.

  "Sergey, see that Briana and Ingrid find what they need," said the General
leaving.

  "Thank God, I thought he would never leave," said Sergey grabbing an uneaten
crust of bread. "Now it is my turn. Get on the bed and spread your legs, German
whore."

  "Sergey, my name is Briana," said Briana.

  "I saw the way you sucked the General's cock and the way your friend was
fucking Ivanov and Roskolnokov. You two are whores. I'm going to put my cock in
you and I'll fuck your friend when she arrives," said Sergey moving across the
room to stand in front of Briana.  

  That afternoon, Briana and Ingrid discovered that although they were with
high-ranking officers that did not mean they were safe from the sexual advances
of enlisted men and non-commissioned officers.  As soon as General Orlov
departed, his orderly had stopped brushing the General's uniforms and confronted
Briana.

  For a moment, Briana considered resisting. However, she didn't know for
certain whether the General minded if his orderly screwed his German whore when
he wasn't using her. Keeping the orderly happy seemed the wisest course. Sergey
looked to be only a few years older than Briana. She decided to let him have her
willingly.

  "Let me take my dress off. I don't want to ruin it. It's the only one I have,"
said Briana pulling away from the Corporal.

  Sergey smiled as he watched Briana unbutton the dress and fold it neatly on
the back of a chair. She was wearing any undergarments. Briana turned to face
the young orderly. He halted a moment to allow his eyes to take in her beauty.
He had limited experience of women. As the General's orderly, he had not had the
opportunity of other soldiers to rape German women. He recalled driving through
captured German towns with the General and witnessing long lines of Red Army
soldiers lined up waiting their turn with the German girls that they had first
stripped naked and forced to walk through the town square before mass raping
them.

  Briana sat back on the bed and spread her legs. She placed her fingers on her
sex and parted her labia.

  "Come Sergey, take what you want," breathed Briana.

   Sergey quickly unbuckled his belt. He pushed his pants and shorts down to
reveal a very large hard cock. It was far larger than anything Briana had seen
before except for the Cossack who raped her on the truck.

  "It's huge," said Briana hopping back up to wrap her hand around Sergey's
cock.

  "Lay back down," said Sergey aroused and in a hurry to satisfy himself.

  Sergey pushed Briana back onto the bed. He lifted her legs balancing her
ankles on his shoulders. Briana realized that he intended to fuck her standing
up beside the bed.

  "Put it in. I'm ready," said Briana surprised at how anxious she was to
experience Sergey's sizeable penis. Briana reached down to part her labial lips
and pushed two fingers into her vagina to open herself. She stroked her clitoris
with another finger as she watched Sergey's large cock approach her opening.

  His cock is so large thought Briana. Even though it may hurt I want it inside
me. What kind of a woman have I become? I see a big dick and I want it. What did
Lieutenant Gaston say in the bunker? If rape was inevitable, you might as well
lay back and enjoy it. I'm certainly enjoying myself although it is a question
of survival.

  "Hurry, spit on it and put it in, I want you," was all she said as Sergey
worked the head of his cock into her vagina.

  "Oh, it's so big," grunted Briana as she felt his cock began to shove into
her. The blunt head was wedging her open. It wasn't going in easily. Briana
watched as the Corporal withdrew his cock, once again spit in his hand then
rubbed it over the cock head.

  "Force it in me," said Briana wrapping her legs around Sergey to pull him into
her. This time the spit provided sufficient lubrication for his member to fully
enter her. Sergey's member reached its achievable depth and he halted for a
moment so they could savor the sensation.

  "Oh this is wonderful. You are enormous Sergey. Suck my nipples as you fuck
me," said Briana feeling both the pleasure and pain of being penetrated by such
a large member.

  For the first half dozen strokes, copulating with the Corporal contained an
element of discomfort. As her vagina stretched to accommodate the over sized
penis, the discomfort vanished and every stroke became a powerful wave of
pleasure. Briana wrapped her legs around Sergey's boyish waist using them as
leverage to thrust her sex against his groin each time he penetrated her.

  Sergey pinched and twisted Briana's nipples causing those pleasure centers to
respond. 

  "Hurt my titties," whispered Briana feeling the sensitive nerve endings in her
breasts being painfully manhandled. Briana gasped with pleasure at the
sensations created by his fingers squeezing her small pink buds. She breathed a
long deep breath as her nipples hardened and became small erect nodules that
gave her great pleasure. When the Corporal took his hands away to grab her
ankles and bend her legs toward her chest, Briana grabbed her own hard nipples
and pulled them out and away as she squeezed and twisted them. It amazed her
that the pain was a form of pleasure.

  The Corporal picked up the pace of his thrusting. The pain in Briana's vagina
grew to overwhelming pleasure. She sensed the walls of her vagina begin to pulse
and contract in response to the deep insertions of the Corporal's penis. The
Corporal's lower body became a blur as his hips drove his cock inside Briana's
cunt. The Corporal had staying power and stamina as he fucked Briana for several
minutes. Finally, the Corporal's entire body jerked and convulsed as he
climaxed. Briana sensed the muscle movements that expelled warm semen into her
vagina and she climaxed in return. She reached up and pulled the Corporal's
mouth to hers and traded deep tongue kisses as they writhed in a final climax
that left them both breathless. The Corporal fell forward pressing his weight
down on Briana.

"Briana, you must teach me how to do that," said Ingrid standing just inside the
door. 

Briana came back to awareness when she heard a familiar voice speak her name.
Briana glanced toward the door where Ingrid stood watching with one hand slowly
rubbing her crotch. The Corporal hopped up awkwardly when he realized someone
else was in the room. Apparently Ingrid had entered sometime ago and had been
observing Briana and the Corporal have sex.

  "Ingrid," was all Briana said. She was slightly embarrassed at discovering
that Ingrid had been watching her.

  "I'm sorry I didn't knock. Colonel Ivanov sent me here to find you. The
Corporal came by his quarters and told him that he planned to take both of us to
tonight's party. I don't think the Colonel was too happy about it. He and
Captain Roskolnokov had planned to keep me in bed with them the rest of the day.
The Corporal said we have to find gowns for tonight," said Ingrid.

  "This is Sergey. He is General Orlov's orderly." Briana saw that her friend
was staring intently at Sergey's softening cock. Briana was still lying on the
bed with Sergey's semen trickling out of her cunt.

  "It's huge," was all Ingrid could manage. She took a couple of steps closer to
get a better view.

  "Let me get dressed. We need to find something to wear for tonight's party.
Dimitri, General Orlov, said it was to be a big celebration."

  Briana started to dress. Sergey pulled up his trousers stuffing his penis back
into his underpants.

  "I'll be back in a few minute to take you to look for clothes," said Sergey as
he hurried out of the room.

  "When the General left, his orderly screwed me. I let him, I didn't see any
point in resisting," said Briana as soon as she and Ingrid were alone.

  "His penis was very large. Did it hurt?" asked Ingrid.

  "At first, then it began to feel wonderful. I experienced an orgasm when he
climaxed."

  "I know I was watching. I had a great orgasm last night when one of the
officers was licking me between my legs and putting his fingers in my asshole."

  "We should be ashamed. We swore an oath to the Reich that we would only engage
in intercourse with pure Aryans. Four days ago, I was a virgin. In the last
three days, I've slept with German officers, been raped by Cossacks and now I'm
giving myself to any Russian that asks. I also practiced Sapphic love with two
women in the Bunker," said Briana. "So much has changed in so little time."

  "The Reich is no more and we have to do whatever it takes to survive. I'm no
better than you. I spent last night in bed with Colonel Ivanov and two other
officers. I did everything they asked. They put their cocks in my vagina,
rectum, and mouth at the same time. That was very busy."

  "Did you enjoy it? I cannot deny that I like having sex."

  "Yes, it hurt at first and I didn't know what to do. But they were patient
with me. They taught me to suck their cocks. I found that I could reach an
orgasm when they were inside me. Do you think anyone would mind if I ate some
bread and meat? I'm starving."

  "Go ahead, there seems to be plenty," answered Briana. "I doubt they'll miss
it."

  "The Americans sent food and military supplies to the Russians. That's how
they won," said Ingrid holding up a tin of Spam.

  "Here, let me show you how to open that," said Briana as she detached the key
from the bottom of the square tin. She inserted the metal tab in the key slot
and proceeded to wind up the metal strip and open the can.

  "They say the Americans, British, and French will be here in a few days to
occupy Berlin. They are dividing the city into four sectors. I think the
Americans will be at war with the Soviets in a few years. The United States will
destroy Russia and the Bolsheviks," said Ingrid as she bit into a piece of Spam.

  "It's delicious, isn't it?" asked Briana.

  "Yes, it tastes wonderful. Without the Americans the Russians are nothing."

  "Dimitri said that Marshall Zhukov will be at the celebration, He told Sergey
to take us to look for something fashionable to wear tonight. I understand it's
going to be a very large party," said Briana.

  "Yes, Kasha, that's Colonel Ivanov name, said a military band would play. I
bet it ends in a drunken orgy. I don't think the Russians consider a party a
success until everybody passes out from too much vodka."

  "We must work hard to look well tonight. We need to show the Russians that the
German people can rise above their loss in the war," said Briana with a
determined look.

  "Agreed, we'll do whatever it takes to survive, prosper, and reach the
American Zone once the city is divided. I want to meet the Americans. This Spam
is truly delicious."

  The two girls had finished eating and were talking when Sergey and another
Corporal returned. The new arrival looked to be about the same age as Sergey.

  "I've already had that one, so you can take her. I'll fuck the other one,"
said Sergey to the other corporal. Briana understood exactly what Sergey
intended.

  "The General said we were to go look for something to wear to tonight's
celebration," said Briana.

  "We'll go as soon as Alexi and I fuck you. He's my brother and I promised him
a piece of German pussy. I told him how pretty you two were," said Sergey as he
grabbed Ingrid by the wrist and steered her toward the bed.

  "Let's not argue, we'll fuck you then we'll go," said Ingrid reaching down to
pull her dress over her head.

  "All right, I'm Briana and this is my best friend Ingrid. We're students,"
said Briana to Alexi as she took her dress back off.

  "My brother and I are from Moscow. We were in the university when the war
started," replied Alexi stepping forward to place his hand on Briana's breast.
Sergey had already pushed Ingrid on her back. He was pulling her legs outward
and upward. Briana fell backward beside Ingrid. They were lying shoulder to
shoulder. Briana saw that both brothers were equally well endowed.

  "They're both so huge," whispered Ingrid looking somewhat wide eyed as Sergey
rubbed the head of his cock between her labia.

  "Alexi, spit on it so it slides in without hurting," said Briana. He obliged
her by depositing a large gob of sputum in his hand that he proceeded to rub
over his cock. Briana was holding her labia apart with one hand while vigorously
rubbing her clitoris with the other.

  "Rub yourself to get wet," suggested Briana to Ingrid. Ingrid glanced down to
see what Briana was doing then quickly followed suit. Both girls masturbated as
the brothers positioned their cocks at their openings.

  "Hold my hand, I want to feel it when he enters you," requested Ingrid. Briana
grabbed Ingrid's hand in hers. The brothers entered the girls at the same time.
They pushed forward forcing themselves into the girl's vagina.

  Briana and Ingrid let out a long slow breath as the large cocks slide inside
their vaginas. Briana felt Alexi's balls touch her anus.

  "It's not so bad, your pussy stretches to make room for the big ones," said
Ingrid as she adjusted her body. Briana relaxed as Alex began to pump into her.
The two girls slowly began to react to the boy's cocks. Ingrid was grunting
loudly each time Sergey thrust inside her.

  "Squeeze their cocks with your pussy," suggested Ingrid, "that what Colonel
Ivanov taught me last night. Ingrid grunted loudly to emphasize that she was
using her cunt muscles to clutch Sergey's dick. Briana concentrated on using her
vagina to put pressure on Alexi's cock. Judging by his reaction to her efforts,
she was successful.

  The two brothers picked up the pace as they rammed their cocks into the girls
fifteen-year-old pussies. Alexi like his brother was a general's orderly. He
also had been denied the opportunity to participate in the rape of German women
that had been carried out by soldiers engaged in front line combat or the rear
echelon occupation forces.  They had heard many tales of gang rapes where entire
companies had raped proud German fraus and frauleins while their male relatives
were made to watch. German women with Aryan features especially Nordic blondes
were subjected to greater humiliations than other women. Often they were paraded
in front of townspeople naked or raped in the city square while a crowd of
Germans was forced to look on.  The brothers considered themselves extremely
lucky that the two beautiful young German girls had fallen into their hands.
What was even luckier was that the girls seemed to be enjoying the sex and
cooperating.

  "Play with my nipples while you fuck me," said Briana to Alex. Alex promptly
reached down and pinched Briana's breasts. He pulled her nipples up and twisted
them slightly. He felt himself get more aroused as he watched the pink flesh of
her areola wrinkle and harden as he manipulated her nipples.

  "Oh, that feels so good, pinch them harder," gasped Briana as she cupped her
breasts and held them up for Alex to pinch.

  "Do mine, Sergey," said Ingrid imitating Briana.

  As the soldiers approached their climax, they pushed the girls knees back
toward their chests. The two brothers finished within a few seconds of one
another.  The girls felt their cunts accept the warm emissions of male semen.
Briana exulted in the feeling of more semen oozing out of her cunt and slowly
dripping toward her asshole.

  "Here, let's finish each other with our mouths," said Briana as she rolled on
top of Ingrid while reversing her body so they were in the sixty-nine position.

  Ingrid was surprised that Briana had initiated sex with her but the feeling of
Briana's tongue on her clitoris created an undeniably pleasing sensation. Ingrid
responded in kind. Briana immediately began long slow licks from above Ingrid's
clit down and into her well-fucked and open cunt.  Ingrid reacted by positioning
her mouth on Briana's cum drenched cunt and beginning to lick around her clit.
The girls licked each other to orgasm in less than a minute.

  "I love to watch whores make love," said Alexi to his brother.

  "Those two are insatiable," replied Sergey. 

  Briana glanced toward Sergey and Alex. They were obviously pleased with the
performance the two girls had put on. Briana recalled how in the bunker that
night, the officers encouraged the three women to have sex with one another. She
recalled how Major Betz took her right after Hilda had used her mouth to make
Briana climax.

  "That was unexpected but I enjoyed it," said Ingrid. "Your mouth was
wonderful."

  "It gives great pleasure and men like to watch women lick each other," said
Briana.

  "Dress and let's go," said Sergey to the two girls who were slowly kissing
each other.

  "Let's fuck them again, I'm already hard," said Alexi.

  "Later, the General will cut my balls off if he comes back and I haven't taken
them to find something to wear tonight."

  "I'll go with you, if they find something quickly, we'll screw them there."

  Ingrid and Briana dressed then followed the two corporals to the commander's
residence. When they left the building containing the officer's quarters they
passed through the main courtyard. Briana and Ingrid could see that the
Communists had erected hundreds of simple scaffolds.  Many of the scaffolds had
a naked body hanging underneath. Most were men but there were women. Beneath
each body was a pile of shit where their bowels had released as they died. The
smell of decaying flesh and feces was sickening.

  "Poles," commented Sergey with a tone of disgust as they saw Polish soldiers
emerge from a nearby building. They were dragging along two German women. The
women's hands were tied behind their backs.

  "Sergey, ask them what was their crime?' said Briana.

  "Comrade, what was their offense?" yelled Sergey to the Pole who seemed to be
in charge.

  "They're Germans, that's enough," said the Pole.

  The four watched as the Poles dragged the women toward two unoccupied
scaffolds. Both women's hands were tied behind their back. They had been
horribly beaten and were covered with large bruises on her legs and abdomen.
Their breasts were discolored to where they appeared black with yellow streaks
and there were deep cuts in the flesh surrounding their nipples. Both women
could barely walk. Their sex and upper thighs were bruised a dark purple.

  Their faces were also discolored and one of women's eyes was black and swollen
shut. Both were crying and begging the soldiers not to hang them. They offered
sex of any kind but the Poles ignored their offer. Their executions were
mercifully quick. Two soldiers held each woman high off the ground while another
Pole climbed up on a stool and placed a noose around their neck. The women
screamed and struggled. Once the noose was in place, they dropped her. The noose
slowly tightened. The Poles watched laughing as the women danced in the air for
several minutes. The executioners pushed their buttocks to cause her body to
swing back and forth on the gallows. Briana could hear gasps for air as the
noose slowly strangled them. At some point, the women's bowels released and
feces ran down their legs onto the ground.  When they walked closer by, Briana
could see tongues protruding from blue lips.

  "They must have been soldiers," said Alexi.

  "They're letting the Poles torture and hang any woman who served in the
Wermacht. They say that women who killed Red Army soldiers deserve to die like
that."

  "Those Poles hate the Germans, that's for sure. They're letting Poles whose
families were killed by the Germans interrogate the women soldiers. They rape
and torture them first. I'm surprised they didn't cut their tits off before they
hanged them," said Alex.

  Briana looked around to see that the executed men had been castrated and most
of the women had a least one breast missing. Briana wondered what Ingrid and her
fate would be if someone discovered they were Deutscher Madel trained as
marksmen. Briana recalled that the NKVD General who kept her from being shot at
the Chancery still had the little book where she recorded her kills.  He would
be able to recognize her.

  Briana had decided she wanted to live. In order to do that, she had to please
her Red Army captors. The only thing she had to offer them was her body. She
determined that she was going to make that something they considered too
valuable to hand over to a group of Polish murderers.




Chapter 54  - Circus of Perversity



Please take note! Adults Only Literature

The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written for
adults only.

If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing this
file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
now.

This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
is purely coincidental, etc.

Email HarryBerg01@aol.com with your comments.

Copyright 2004

                                                             ****



  This is the fifth part dream sequence that Satan gave to Candace during the
celebration of the Black Mass. Candace returns to the Jerusalem during its sack
by the Crusaders. She organizes a Roman orgy in Pasha Sellim bathhouse to
celebrate the victory of the Christians over the infidels. The Bishop arrives
bring a troop of performers to entertain Candace's guests.



  As the lamps were re-lighted, Candace looked over at the entrance to the spa
to see Bishop Adhemar standing and clapping. Candace and Mustafa bowed to their
audience. As the applause died out the room was flooded with all manners of
strange creatures that had accompanied the Bishop. A hunchback dwarf no more
than thirty inches high jumped into Candace's arms and surprised her with a wet
kiss. The dwarf was incredibly hairy and wore only a pair of leather shorts.

  The dwarf reached between his legs, pulled open a clearly concealed seam in
the leather and out popped an equally hairy cock that was incredibly fat and
long in proportion to the dwarf's stature. The audience laughed at the way the
dwarf's cock seemed to spring out of the leather pants into Candace's face.

  Candace laughed too and took the dwarf's cock in her hand and kissed and
lipped around the tip. She held the dwarf under his arms and lifted him above
her head all the while sucking his disproportionate cock. When it was fully
erect, she turned him around for all to see before lowering him back into her
arms.

  She cradled the dwarf in her arms like a baby as she walked the few steps to
Bishop Adhemar. Once there, she knelt down and leaned forward to kiss the
Bishop's ring.

  "Quite an impressive performance for a knight of Cornwall," said the Bishop.

  "I hope everyone enjoyed it," replied Candace.

  "I'm sure they did. Most will never live to see anything to equal it. In fact
very few of the Crusaders made it back home to tell of the wonders they had
seen. I came as I said I would, bringing unnatural beings to add to your
celebration."

  "I have never seen so many marvelous creatures," said Candace observing the
bizarre beings flooding into the room. Nearby a female with four breasts was
offering her nipples to a party of Frankish knights. The knights threw her down
on the chaise and attacked her nipples with their mouths.

  A knight who was between her legs attempting intercourse exclaimed, "By all
the saints, she has two pussies." Immediately, there was a rush to observe the
phenomena.

  "Mankind has an infinite thirst for sexual congress with the bizarre and
freakish," said the Bishop.

  "It is something I feel strongly myself," said Candace once more kissing the
still erect cock of the dwarf.

     "I see your new sons are enjoying themselves," said the Bishop.

  Candace followed the Bishop's eyes to a nearby couch where Peter was between
the legs of Pasha Sellim's youngest granddaughter slowly pumping his cock in
her. The girl who was little more than a child had been a favorite of the Pasha
and he had taken her to his bed when she was ten years old. Now at fourteen, she
was experienced in every art of lovemaking. Her olive skinned legs made a strong
contrast to Peter's white skin as she pulled him into her each time he thrust
forward. A young knight was hunched over Peter timing his own thrusts to sink
their deepest in the youth's ass each time he withdrew from the girl's vagina. 

  "A handsome tableau of fornication and sodomy," commented the Bishop. "And I
see our little Gospel quartet are entertaining Sir Thomas."

  Mathew and Mark were taking turns sucking Sir Thomas's cock and balls while
Sir Thomas had managed to get both Luke and John's cock in his mouth at the same
time. Sir Thomas had a finger in the asshole of both boys who cocks he was
sucking.

  "They insisted on coming and are competitive about who can suck the most cocks
and be sodomised by the greatest number of Crusaders," said Candace. "I am very
grateful for the master's gift. They suit me well."

  "Sir Thomas seems to be enjoying himself with the four of them. What an
appetite for boys has the Lion of Laon. Strange but he has a wife in Laon that
he has provided with seven children. I don't doubt that once he returns his four
sons will learn how to suck their father's cock and accept it in her little
rears.  Has he enjoyed the favors of the Princess Candace?"

  "His sperm along with others is slowly leaking out my anus," said Candace.
"Who are all these marvelous creatures?"

  "The dwarf that you hold there is named Loki. He has a body the size of a
child but a cock that most men would envy. This little beauty is Loki's wife,
Esmeralda," said the Bishop indicating the girl dwarf standing beside him her
tiny hand in his.

  "Give the Princess a kiss, Esmeralda," said the Bishop.

  Candace leaned down to scoop up Esmeralda so she could hold the dwarf couple
in her arms. Where Loki was grotesque and misshapen, Esmeralda was a perfectly
beautiful miniature person. Every feature and body part was in proportion. The
overall effect was of an exquisite doll of a woman in her twenties.

  "And this is Myra and her mate Caligara," said the Bishop referring to a
handsome couple standing nearby. "Show the Princess what makes you special."

  Myra opened her robe to reveal a beautiful feminine physique with one oddity
of a long thick male cock hanging between her legs. Caligara had a decidedly
male body except for the female vagina that hung between his legs.

  "And this is Kalaya who has the best of both worlds," said the Bishop as
another female shed her robe to reveal the presence of both a male cock and a
vagina. The hermaphrodite came closer so Candace could examine her dual sex
organs.

  "And of course, I brought Tatiana the bearded lady, and Zaprano the lizard
boy," said the Bishop referring to a nearby youth whose body was covered with
hard scales. As the Bishop spoke one of the troupe stepped forward to light a
small torch off a lamp. The torch burst into flame. The performer stuck the
torch in his mouth them blew out a large tongue of flame as he removed the
torch. There were loud exclamations of wonder from the crowd.

  "Nigeli gives an exceptionally hot blowjob," said the Bishop matter of factly.

  "Come and sit," said Candace leading the Bishop to a nearby chaise. "What
would please you eminence tonight?"

  "Bring me the two oldest and fattest women in the household," said Bishop
Adhemar.

  Candace summoned two of Pasha Sellim's discarded wives and placed them beside
the Bishop. Both women were surprised that their sexual services were needed.
They had only been allowed to continue to live in Pasha Sellim's household
because they had given birth to his eldest sons.

  "Do whatever the Bishop requires," directed Candace.

  The two elderly females approached the Bishop. At his command they undressed
completely. Candace watched the scene as the two women no longer beautiful and
bordering on obese danced around the chaise shedding their clothes. The women
recalling their younger days when dancing for Pasha Sellim was a nightly
experience slowly took off each garment moving sensuously to the music. At the
Bishop's command the two were joined by one of the entertainment troupe whose
weight Candace would have estimated between five hundred and six hundred pounds.
Candace instructed two servants to slide another of the chaises beside the
bishop's.

  The three corpulent women began to kiss and caress one another as they danced.
The two wives ran their hands and tongues over the giant breasts and nipples of
the entertainer. At some point the Bishop issued a command and the three women
joined him. They lifted the Bishop's robe to expose his cock. The Bishop took
one of the women in his arms and kissed her on the lips as the other two passed
her tongue over the head of his cock. Candace marveled at the enormous mound of
quivering flesh that covered the Bishop's body.

  "Who is that, Mother?" said Luke who had apparently wandered away from Sir
Thomas who at the moment had his cock in the ass of John. John's small body
straddled the knight's enormous body. He was using his legs to raise and lower
his body driving several inches of cock up his ass each time. There was a wide
grin of pleasure on John's face each time he sunk down to where his buttocks the
tops of Sir Thomas' thighs. Candace seeing that all was well with her other
children returned her attention to Luke and answered his question.

  "Esmeralda and Loki, aren't they wonderful?" said Candace realizing Luke was
referring to the two tiny adults she was holding in her arms.

  "She's very beautiful. Can I fuck her?" said Luke reaching out to take
Esmeralda's hand in his.

  "Let's fuck them together as mother and son," said Candace leading the way
toward an unoccupied chaise.

  Candace and Luke held hand as Loki and Esmeralda fucked them. The doll like
Esmeralda straddled Luke moving her pubic area against the boy's as she slowly
rode him. Luke's hand pulled and twisted Esmeralda's tiny pink nipples as the
pair slowly had sex.

  "I'm so glad you're my mother," said Luke turning his head to tongue kiss with
Candace. "I love you so much."

  "I love you too, Luke. And I'm thrilled that the five of you are my sons. I've
very anxious for you to meet your sister, Briana. Briana is very beautiful,"
said Candace.

  "Not as beautiful as you, Mother, you are the most beautiful woman in the
whole wide world," said Luke lifting his hips to impale Esmeralda deeper with
his cock. Luke reached down with his hand and using his thumb began to run
Esmeralda's clit. Esmeralda responded by increasing the tempo and energy of her
body

  "Briana is very beautiful and she will love the five of you with everything
she has," said Candace.

  "Will she let us fuck her?" said Luke.

  "Of course," said Candace. "She will let you have her as many times as you
wish."

  Candace looked down at the top of Loki's head savoring the feel of his fat
cock entering her vagina.  His face was at the same level as her navel and his
tongue was teasing her belly button as he pounded into her. Candace wrapped her
legs around Loki and used them to move him slowly back and forth increasing the
contact of his pubic region with her clit.

  After Luke had soaked Esmeralda's pussy and Loki had deposited more than a
full-sized man's semen into Candace, the orgy became a prolonged circus of
depraved acts who degree of perversity exceeded or equaled the most extreme of
the Emperor Caligula's dinner parties. Candace partook of all the freaks of
nature that the Bishop had brought. She impaled herself on the hard scaly cock
of the lizard boy. She and Rhonda made desperate lesbian love with the
hermaphrodite, Kalaya. Later she found her face between the enormous thighs of
the troupe's fat lady sucking on a clitoris whose size equaled the cock of a
normal man.

  As the orgy continued, various members of the troupe performed. Candace
watched as two women from the east who were joined at the hip invited two
Frankish knights to come forward and have sex with them. The women claimed that
they could feel both cocks in their vaginas at the same time.

  The orgy halted for a moment when the musicians sounded that a new act would
be appearing. The small stage darkened for a few moments before illuminating to
reveal an alabaster white donkey or ass and two very beautiful oriental girls
that were twin sisters. Few of the crusaders had ever seen an Oriental let alone
a female as exquisitely beautiful as those two. Their almond shaped eyes and
olive skin immediately capture the audience's attention. And the fact they were
identical twins added to the exoticism of the scene.

  The donkey's pure white coat provided an exotic contrast to the skin tone of
the females. A red and gold harness adorned the beast. The females were dressed
in matching red and gold outfits.

  The music started softly and the women slowly began to dance around the
donkey.  They took turns embracing its long neck and caressing its ears. The
donkey was extremely well trained and it patiently allowed the dancers to fondle
it. Each of the dancers placed their mouths against the donkey and his long pink
tongue appeared and slipped into the dancer's mouth. The large tongue of the
animal filled the mouth of the dancer allowing them to act as if it was a cock
and they were sucking it. Next, they showed the audience how she and the
donkey's tongue intertwined. The other dancer repeated the act of tongue
kissing.

  Candace looked around to see that the audience's eyes were raptly focused on
the stage. Men and women were slowly stroking their sex as they watched the
stage. Even Sir Thomas had ceased his buggering of Mark and Luke to watch.

  As the music's tempo slowly increased, the dancers shed their tops revealing
small breasts with dark nipples. They offered the donkey their breasts holding
them together as if they were begging the beast to take them.  Candace's quick
glance at the audience confirmed that everyone's eyes were glued to the stage.

  The beast's tongue passed lasciviously over the breasts lingering on the
nipples. Members of the audience could see that the dancers nipples were
hardening as the donkey's tongue made mouth love to them. The dancers exchanged
more kisses with the donkey.

  As their passion for sexual congress with the animal grew, both women
undulated their bodies rubbing them over the donkey's flanks. The pressed their
sex against his legs and writhed against them. The dancer's hands passed
underneath the animal caressing his cock that had begun to grow. The dancers
moved into the audience offering their breasts and sex to the caresses of the
Crusaders.

   Candace noticed that while the girls were in the audience, an assistant
placed a small stepladder in front of the donkey. The audience found the
performance so erotic that many decided to pleasure themselves as they watched.
Many of the women and boys were slowly sucking their partner's cock as they kept
one hand firmly between their legs working their sex.

  When they returned to the stage, they slipped out of the bottoms of their
costumes revealing a naked lower body completely covered in tattoos. Elaborate
scenes and symbols decorated their skin from the waist downward.

  One of the performers climbed the stepladder placing her sex directly in front
of the donkey's muzzle. A command was whispered and the animal's tongue attacked
the dancer's sex. The other dancer climbed under the donkey and began to stroke
his increasingly long and hard cock.

  "I've heard of such things but never seen it," whispered Sir Thomas to Candace
who had arrived at his chaise and taken his cock in her mouth. She began slowly
sucking it in rhythm with the music. Her fingers entered his anus and she
located his prostate.

  "In Laon we would burn you for a witch," whispered Sir Thomas feeling
Candace's fingers touch the walnut sized gland and give it a gentle squeeze.

  At her touch, a single large drop of semen landed on her tongue.

  "I would become your succubus and come to you each night," said Candace
forcing more fingers inside the Crusader's asshole.

   Candace's eyes were fixed on the stage where the musical tempo had increased
and the movements of the dancers had grown more frenetic. The performers changed
places and the donkey's cock found its way into the performer's mouth. The
donkey's long tongue was servicing one dancer's sex and the other dancer's mouth
and hands were working on the now fully extended cock.

 The assistant reappeared with a small wheel cart that fit under the donkey.

  While one sister licked and stroked the animal's cock, the other took a small
vial of oil and offered it to a knight in the audience. She poured a small
amount of the oil into the knight's hand then leaned backwards coming into a
handstand. She spread her legs in a wide V. The knight reached forward and
rubbed the oil into her vagina and at her urging poured some of the oil directly
into her vagina.

  The dancer returned to the stage sat down on the cart and laid on her back.
The assistant pushed the cart under the donkey. Her sister quickly adjusted the
cart then placed the head of the donkey's cock at the entrance to her sister's
vagina. The assistant began to slowly move the cart toward the donkey's
hindquarters as her sister held the cock straight. Slowly the enormous cock
disappeared into the girl's vagina. The crowd strained forward to better view
the girl's penetration and to marvel that the entire penis disappeared into her
vagina.

  "Shit, it must be in her lungs," commented Sir Thomas.

  The donkey began to thrust forward as the assistant moved the cart back and
forth. At some point, the dancer whispered a command to the donkey and he began
a strong back and forth motion driving his cock deep into the girl.  Her loud
moans of pleasure were heard above the music.

 Many in the crowd stood up to see this phenomenon. Cocks were being sucked and
stroked in the audience. Women were fantasizing that they were the ones
underneath the white donkey. The donkey was braying loudly and his back was jack
knifing as he slammed his cock into the girl. The assistant struggled to hold
the cart in place.

  All of a sudden, the Assistant moved the cart from under the donkey, the
dancer jumped off and joined her sister underneath the animal stroking and
licking his thrusting cock. A final deafening bray and the animal spewed semen
on the faces and into the open mouth of the twins.

  Loud applause erupted from the audience as many of the watchers climaxed as
the final act took place. Candace savored the flow of Sir Thomas's cum into her
mouth. She allowed it to coat the lining of her mouth holding a quantity on her
tongue before she swallowed and emptied her mouth. She felt intense pleasure as
the warm sticky fluid passed down her esophagus and into her stomach. She cupped
the knight's balls and gently squeezed the last drops of semen from them as she
sucked on his piss hole.

  When Candace had finished, she looked at the front of the bath and saw that
the Bishop's performers had brought in six more white donkeys and a large black
stallion. Candace automatically understood what Bishop Adhemar intended. Several
of the braver and more adventurous women had already come forward and were
stroking the large donkey cocks as the Oriental twins and their assistants
applied oil to their vaginas. Candace smiled as she heard one of Pasha Sellim's
wives grunt loudly as the donkey forced his huge cock into her much smaller
whole.

  Candace watched in admiration as the woman took a deep breath then ordered the
assistant to fully impale her on the animal's cock. Her loud moans filled the
bathhouse as inch by inch the cock disappeared inside her.

  Candace approached the stallion. He turned his head toward her as she placed
her hand on his muzzle. His eye had the wildness of untamed fury. Unlike the
placid donkeys, the stallion was straining against its ropes. It occasionally
reared up. It's powerful hooves clawing at the air. Candace looked underneath
the stallion and saw that his cock was fully erect and dripping whitish fluid.

  "Is that for me, boy," whispered Candace releasing her gown and allowing it to
fall to the floor. Candace slipped under the quivering animal bending forward
then reaching back to grasp his penis. Candace pressed her back against the
animal's warm belly. The stallion neighed loudly. Taking a firm grip on the
horsecock, she pressed it to the entrance to her vagina feeling the large head
wedge just inside her opening.

  "Now," screamed Candace and the animal instantly obeyed. He bowed his back
driving his cock into Candace as deep as possible. Candace had braced herself on
the animal's forelegs. She held her ground as the cock plunged then withdrew
then plunged once again.

  Candace opened her eyes and found herself staring into Satan's black orbs. The
odor of the billions of souls burned in Hell's flames filled her lungs. His
blood red tongue dripping saliva was deep inside her throat and his cock was
buried in her womb moving back and forth savagely attacking her womanhood. She
could feel his semen passing almost electrically through her body.

  His long tentacle tail was whipping back and forth inside her bowels. She was
back in the farm shed in Iowa. Around her the angels who had forsaken God were
copulating with the ungodly.  Screams of erotic ecstasy filled the air as the
incubus and succubus used the worshippers for their pleasure.

  Candace smiled as she watched Lucifer and Briana. Briana was contorting her
body to meet Lucifer each time he thrust forward. Lucifer's talons were embedded
in Briana's crimson covered breasts. Blood dripped down her thighs. When Briana
opened her mouth to scream her pleasure, her blood stained gums were visible.
Briana's hands clutched the archangel's flanks pulling him into her with all her
strength.

  "Our time is almost here," whispered Satan into Candace's ear.




Chapter 55 - Field Marshall's Whores





Please take note! Adults Only Literature

The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written for
adults only.

If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing this
file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
now.

This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
is purely coincidental, etc.

Email HarryBerg01@aol.com with your comments.

Copyright 2004

                                                             ****



  This is the fifth part of the time travel that Satan gave to Briana during the
celebration of the Black Mass. Briana has been transported to the final days of
the Third Reich. Briana has been taken to Spandau prison for interrogation.
Briana and Ingrid find themselves at the mercy of the Red Army. However, the get
promoted to a higher level of whoredom.



  The residence of the Spandau Prison Commander was a separate building set at
the very back of the fortress. Luckily, the large home appeared was untouched by
allied bombs or Red Army artillery. Somehow all the thousands of pieces of
ordinance had missed this impressive brick mansion. The grounds even contained
blooming spring flowers and decorative plants. A group of five bored-looking
soldiers guarded the entrance. As Briana and Ingrid along with the two corporals
approached, the soldiers barred their way.

  "You're not allowed to enter," barked the Sergeant in charge of the guard.

  "I'm here on the orders of General Orlov. I'm his orderly, Corporal Sergey
Samonovitch."

  "And what's your business here?" asked the Sergeant.

  "These ladies are to attend a party tonight with the General. They are to
search the residence to find something appropriate to wear."

  "No one can enter. Major General Kasanov has issued orders that no one is to
enter the residence. He wants it to remain as it was when Spandau surrendered."

  "But my General ordered me to bring them here to look for clothes," said
Corporal Sergey.

  "And my general outranks yours, said the Sergeant with an air of finality.

  Briana, sensing that Sergey was not getting anywhere, decided to speak
directly to the Sergeant. She stepped forward and spoke.

  "Sergeant, General Orlov expects myself and my friend Ingrid to accompany him
to an important function tonight. It's a celebration of the victory of the Red
Army over Germany. Unfortunately, bombing destroyed our homes and all our
belongings. All we have to wear are the dresses we have on." While Briana spoke,
she noticed that the Sergeant was looking at her body in a certain way.
Immediately Briana realized what it was going to take to get the Sergeant to
allow them to enter.

  "And you two German whores anxious to fuck a general of the Red Army want to
go inside and steal clothes that now belong to the citizens of the USSR?"
answered the Sergeant.

  "Borrow, not steal, we can return them tomorrow after we wear them tonight,"
added Ingrid.

  "My commanders orders were very specific. Absolutely no one may enter," said
the Sergeant.

 "Is there nothing we can do for you that would make you change your mind?"
asked Briana reaching down and lifting the hem of her skirt to expose her
thighs. The Sergeant eyes and those of his comrades went immediately to what
Briana was offering.

  "What do you think Comrades? Are they pretty enough to risk it?" said the
Sergeant to the four others.

  "I haven't fucked a German girl in three days," said the Corporal reaching
down to cradle his crotch. "I could use a good fuck."

  Briana unbuttoned her front of her dress then reached down and took the
Sergeant's hand and placed it on her breast. Briana also took a wide legged
stance. The meaning of her gesture was unmistakable.

  "You can all you want," said Briana pressing her sex forward as one again she
lifted her skirt higher this time to expose her panty.

  "Both of you?" asked the Sergeant in a quiet voice allowing his fingers to
press Briana's nipple.

  "Yes," replied Briana, "you can have both of us, right Ingrid?"

  "Yes, both of us," said Ingrid. "And we won't just lay there either. We'll
make sure you have a good time."

  "And my comrades?" asked the Sergeant indicating the other four soldiers who
had become intensely interested in the conversation. Briana saw that two of the
soldiers were Asiatic. She decided that didn't matter. The men on the truck who
raped her included several Cossacks or Circassians.  Anatomically, they were the
same as other man. What did it matter if the cock inside you was from Uzbekistan
or Moscow? It was still a man's dick that would fill your pussy with cum after
he thrust in you cunt enough times to climax.

  "Yes, your comrades too. First you let us pick out the things we need. Then we
will do what you want," said Briana. Briana wanted to make sure they got what
they needed before they let the soldiers have their way.

  "All right, go inside and get what you need, as soon as you're done, you'll
get to pay rent for the clothes," said the Sergeant as she squeezed Briana's
breast.

  "We'll only be a minute then you can have all you want of this," said Ingrid
as she raised her skirt to show the soldiers her panties.

  Once inside, Briana and Ingrid worked quickly to locate what they needed. They
found the upstairs bedrooms that belonged to the commander's wife and sister.
Briana opened two large suitcases she found in a hall closet. To begin with,
they selected make-up, perfume, and toiletries from the dressing room of the
commander's wife. Next they acquired hose and lingerie. Briana slipped the
Commandant wife's box of jewelry into one of the suitcases. They stuffed several
fancy dress gowns and some every day clothes into the suitcases. The clothes
were beautiful and expensive. Several were from Paris. Shoes were their final
selections. Fortunately, the clothes and shoes of the commander's younger sister
were the exact right size for Ingrid. The commander's eldest daughter was the
same size as Briana. Briana and Ingrid stopped for a moment to admire the many
photographs of the Commander and his family.

  "Wonder where they are now?" asked Ingrid.

  "I heard he fled to the Americans before the Soviets arrived," replied Briana.

  "Traitor," remarked Ingrid.

  "Now we have to pay for them," said Briana.

  "Yes, let's take our suitcases to the front door. There are couches in the
living room we can use."

  The girls placed the two suitcases just inside the entranceway.

  "We're taking a lot of stuff. They may object," said Ingrid.

  "We'll have to make sure they don't have a reason to complain," answered
Briana,     "Let's get undressed and invite them inside."

  The two girls took all their clothes off and went to the front door naked.
Briana opened it and spoke.

  "Sergeant, we're ready to pay the Red Army for what we're taking."

  The Sergeant was smoking a cigarette with the two orderlies. He turned around
and almost did a double take when he saw the two girls standing in the doorway
naked.

  "It's like you said, Corporal, they're very willing whores, Raskov, you and I
are going first. The rest of you can drop your spunk in on top of ours," said
the Sergeant.

  The Sergeant and a fat corporal quickly slipped inside the front door. The fat
corporal grabbed one of Ingrid breasts in his pudgy hand. His other hand moved
to between her legs. Ingrid spread her legs so his hand could cup her sex.
Ingrid pressed her lips against the Corporals and pushed her tongue into his
mouth.

  "Fuck me, I need a good hard fucking," breathed Ingrid into the Corporal's
ear.

  "This whore's already wet," said Raskov as he held up his fingers to show the
other soldiers they were glistening with moisture.

  "Of course, I'm wet now lets go inside and you can put your dick in me," said
Ingrid.

  "There are couches in the room across the hall. Let's go in there and get
comfortable," said Briana reaching down to rub the Sergeant's cock through the
coarse material of his uniform.

  "Its hard already," said the Sergeant, "It's really developed a taste for
young German pussy since it arrived in Berlin."

  They walked into the well-appointed room that Briana took to be what was
called a "day room." Briana and Ingrid helped the two soldiers to undress. To
Briana, time was of the essence. They had to fuck five soldiers each and get
back in time to dress for the party. It was getting late in the afternoon.

  "Sergeant, any chance, that the Captain will come by?" asked the Corporal, "I
would want him to find me fucking some German slut when we're supposed to be on
guard duty." Ingrid was playing with the Corporal's cock as he unbuttoned his
tunic.

  "Don't concern yourself.  I saw him leaving the Fortress about half an hour
ago. He's going to the Grimwald Frost to meet that friend of his from Leningrad.
His unit liberated over a hundred French girls who worked as slave laborers in a
ball bearing factory hidden in the woods. They're fucking the whore's brains out
before they have to give them back to the Frenchies. They want to teach them a
lesson about working for the Nazis. He won't be back for hours. Fuck her and
don't worry," advised the Sergeant.

  "Start by getting down on your knees and sucking my dick, what did you say
your name was?" said the Sergeant sitting down on the couch naked and spreading
his legs.

  "Briana, that's my friend Ingrid," answered Briana as she began to lick the
tip of the Sergeant's cock.

  "Where does a German whore learn to speak Russian?" asked the Sergeant.

  "School, I was hoping to become a translator," lied Briana, "Ingrid was a
classmate."

  "So you two whores learned Russian and now you plan to fuck the whole Russian
army so you can get some clothes. I bet you wind up naked tonight getting
pronged by any officer not too drunk to get it hard."

  "God I hope so. I've developed a taste for Red Army cock and can't get enough
of it," responded Briana anxious to get serious about sucking the Sergeant's
cock and end the small talk. She reached between the Sergeant's legs and rubbed
a wet finger across his anus. She pressed a fingertip into his sphincter.

  "You don't mind if I finger your ass while I suck your dick," Briana asked the
Sergeant?

  "Stick your tongue up my ass and taste Soviet Shit," said the Sergeant raising
his legs to better expose his anus.

  "Oh, you do that good. There's nothing like a cock sucking German whore, right
Raskov?"

  "Yes, This one is good too, just like that girl in Breslau, the German bitch
who was afraid we were going to hurt her baby," answered Raskov.

  Behind her, Briana could hear Ingrid noisily sucking on the Corporal's cock.
The Corporal had begun to moan.

  "Oh shit, I'm going to cum quick," said the Corporal who then released a load
of semen into Ingrid's mouth. Ingrid sucked the Corporal dry. Briana smiled to
herself as she heard Ingrid swallow.  At this rate, they would be back in
General Orlov's quarters before too long.

  "That was delicious, Corporal," said Ingrid as she passed her tongue across
his cock head while looking him directly in the eye.

  "Damn, Raskov, you always pop too quick, get dressed and send in one of the
others."

  "I'm going to smoke a cigarette and then have another go. I always last longer
the second time. How's that one?"

  "She sucks like she was born to do it. Next send in Mikal, he knows how to
fuck a German whore," said the Sergeant.

  Briana felt a hand touch her shoulder.

  "Let me help," said Ingrid as she leaned in to take the Sergeant's cock in her
mouth. Briana switched to sucking on the Sergeant's balls as Briana worked his
cock.

  "Hop up here and climb on, Briana," said the Sergeant.

  Ingrid heard someone behind her and left Briana's side to help the soldier
called Mikal undress. Mikal wasn't interested in oral sex.

  As Briana straddled the Sergeant using one hand to insert his cock in her
pussy, she looked back to see that Mikal had dropped his trousers and was
kneeling in front of Ingrid working his cock into her hole. Ingrid ankles rested
on the tops of Mikal's shoulders.

  For the next hour, the two girls sucked and fucked the five soldiers. Both
girls had sex with each of the five. Since it was almost dark, Briana and Ingrid
hurriedly dressed and left when they finished. Their pussies were leaking cum as
they walked back to the general's quarters. The orderlies took the suitcases as
soon as the girls appeared at the exit.

  "We have to hurry before the General returns," advised Sergey taking the
suitcases from the girls' hands and walking quickly away from the residence.

  When the four got back to the officer's quarters, Alex wanted to fuck the
girls once more but Sergey refused and sent him away.

  "We'll screw them tomorrow. The General could arrive any moment," said Sergey
to an obviously disappointed Alex.

  Alex left none too happy at not getting another opportunity to have sex with
one of the girls.

  "We need to bathe," said Briana, as she and Ingrid stripped off their dresses
and put on robes they took from the Residence.

  "There's only a shower room down the hall. Everyone uses it. There will be
other officers in there."

  "I'm filthy. I have to clean myself. Show me."

  Briana and Ingrid managed to take a warm shower at the cost of having to fuck
only a single Soviet captain who was lucky enough to be showering when the girls
arrived. He even lent them a bar of crude soap. The girls quickly sucked and
fucked him as the hot water cascaded off their bodies.

  "Sorry, but we have to hurry back to get ready for a party," said Ingrid as
she straddled the Captain and guided his cock into her hole. The captain wasn't
Russian but Ukrainian. He had a large cock that the girls sucked together at the
start. Ingrid squatted over the captain as he lay on the tiles of the shower
room. She moaned with satisfaction as the captain's cock sunk into her. The
position allowed her to raise and lower her body. Ingrid decided she didn't mind
doing all the work since she was able to control the physical contact. On each
downward plunge, she was able to grind her clit against the hairy groin of the
Ukrainian.  It wasn't long before Ingrid commenced a cycle of multiple orgasms
that caused her to twist and writhe as her vagina contracted and gripped the
captain's prick.

  "Stand facing her and let her eat your pussy," said the captain to Briana who
had been playing with Ingrid's breasts as she fucked the captain. Briana placed
her sex against Ingrid's mouth. Ingrid hungrily licked and sucked Briana's clit
as she experienced climax after climax.

  "Now, to finish it, turn around and piss in my mouth," said the captain. Even
though the idea of urinating in someone's mouth had never occurred to Briana,
she obeyed the captain and let go a stream of pee that splashed first on the
captain's face and then into his open mouth. Briana squatted with her urethra
only a few inches above the Captain's mouth. She held her labia open with her
fingers as she unleashed a wide stream of urine. The captain gulped down
mouthful after mouthful of Briana's yellow fluid as he raised his hips to thrust
his cock into Ingrid pussy. After the captain climaxed, the girls finished their
bath and rushed back to the room to get ready.

  "I never heard of pissing in someone's mouth," said Briana as they walked back
to the General's room.

  "He's a fucking Ukrainian.  They're a filthy race of people," commented
Sergey.

  When they got back, General Orlov had returned and was already dressed. He
looked very handsome in his dress uniform. His chest was covered in medals and
citations. Briana found herself looking forward to having sex with Dimitri and
Ingrid after they returned from the party.

  General's quarters or not, it was a small room. The General watched as Briana
and Ingrid shed their robes and began to work on their hair and make-up in the
nude. General Orlov took a long look at the two girls and felt his cock
hardening.

  "I'll go down early and have a drink. If I stay, I'm going to wind up fucking
the two of you and we'll never get to the party. Sergey will bring you to me
when you are finished." announced the General.

   The two girls spent considerable time on their appearance. Fortunately the
evening clothes fit. Briana wore a navy blue gown while Ingrid wore a dark green
dress. The hair and make-up took a while but when it was done they were
surprised at how sophisticated they looked. As they were about to leave, Briana
and Ingrid took one final look in the mirror. What they saw was no longer
schoolgirls but beautiful young women.

  "Is this how a whore is supposed to look?" asked Ingrid as they admired their
image in the glass.

  "I've fucked nine Communists today and I liked it.  I liked the things we did
with the soldiers. I'm definitely a whore now," said Briana.

  "Someone else will probably put his cock in us before midnight, maybe more
than one," said Ingrid. "I can't seem to get enough sex. It feels so good to
have a man inside me."

  The evening had not gone as Briana thought. It was toward midnight that Briana
and Ingrid found themselves sitting on the knees of Field Marshall Gregory
Konstaninovitch Zhukov. Marshall Zhukov was a large man and there was room for
him to hold Briana on his right knee and Ingrid on his left. The front of Briana
gown was unbuttoned and one of her breasts exposed. The Marshall was openly
fondling her breast as Briana and Ingrid kissed his neck, ears, and face.

  Briana knew the Marshall had just had his forty- ninth birthday and that he,
more than any other Soviet officer, had contributed to the defeat of the
Wermacht. First at Stalingrad and later at Kursk, Zhukov had created the wining
strategies that had devastated the German army. Briana buried her mouth in the
Marshall's neck as he leaned down to suck on her exposed nipple. Briana and
Ingrid's skirts were up around their waist exposing the tops of their silk
stockings.

  Ever so often, Briana and Ingrid would stop kissing the Marshall and
passionately kiss each other then return to Zhukov's face and neck. Zhukov had
been encouraging the girls to kiss and play with each other's breasts.

  The night had started off hours before with a cocktail reception. That part
had reminded her of the Embassy receptions she had been allowed to attend with
her parents. Everyone seemed on their best behavior. Both girls hung on to
General Orlov's arm as he walked through the crowd of general officers. The
attendance was limited to general officers. Briana could not see a single
colonel. 

  Several officers asked to be introduced to Ingrid and Briana. The fact that
both girls were able to carry on a conversation in Russian caused something of a
stir. Briana had only met one Soviet officer that spoke German and that had been
the NKVD general that kept her from being shot when the chancery was taken.

  There were many young German girls attending but few spoke any Russian.  There
were a number of very pretty Russian girls at the party. Briana was aware that
above a certain rank, an attractive female Russian soldier accompanied a general
officer as a paramour. It was a practice followed in the German army and there
were rumors that the American army had more female soldier who served as whores
than the Allied and Axis armies combined.

  Marshall Zhukov had arrived midway through the reception. He was accompanied
by a tall dark haired beauty whose facial features blended the high cheek bones
of the Slav with the almond eyes of Asia. The Marshall greeted General Orlov
warmly. They exchanged pleasantries as the girls stood beside the general.

  "And who do we have here?" asked the Marshall gesturing toward Ingrid and
Briana.

  "Briana and Ingrid, not only the two prettiest girls in Berlin but also some
of the very few that speak Russian," responded General Orlov.

  "They're so young. You should be ashamed, General Orlov. How old are you?"
asked the Marshal in Russian.

  "Fifteen, Field Marshall," replied Ingrid.

  "And where are your parents?"

  "Mine are dead, killed by bombs," responded Ingrid. That was true. Both Ingrid
parents had been killed during a raid on Cologne.

  "My father was captured at Normandy. He is a Prisoner of War in Canada. The
last I heard my mother was still on our estate in the Rhineland," said Briana.
Briana's mother had managed to call her the day after the Americans arrived.
Briana had been amazed the telephones still worked. Briana recalled the
conversation.

  "Are the Americans treating you well?" asked Briana.

  "They're being very nice, Tommy, that's General Roundtree has been very
gallant. He's assigned a squad of military police to guard the chateau."

  Briana knew her mother well enough to know that she would wield her beauty and
charm to make sure that no harm came to the castle or the lands. If that meant
sleeping with an American General, then it would be done. Her father would not
be critical of his wife doing all in her power to protect an estate that had
been in the family for generations.

  "A landowner, you are part of the nobility then?" asked the Marshall.

  "Yes, my father is a Baron, but we do not use those titles anymore," answered
Briana. That was true. Use of nobility titles had been largely discarded after
the Kaiser abdicated at the end of World War I.

  "Well, Comrade General, you have been sleeping with nobility," said Marshall
Zhukov to General Orlov.

  "I was not aware of it. I only found Ingrid and Briana the day before
yesterday," replied General Orlov. He looked a little uneasy at finding out that
Briana was part of minor German nobility.

  "Too busy making love to ask such unimportant details, I can't say I blame
you, they are very beautiful," said the Marshall with a smile, "Natasha, you sit
with General Orlov, I'll dine with Briana and Ingrid." Zhukov said to the female
solder at his side. She nodded her assent and immediately placed her hand on the
General's arm.

  Effectively, Marshall Zhukov had pulled rank to take Ingrid and Briana from
General Orlov. If General Orlov was disappointed he hid it well. He could hardly
refuse to allow the two girls to sit with the Field Marshall. Natasha didn't
seem surprised at what happened.  Briana assumed it wasn't the first time that
she had been traded off when the Marshall saw someone new he wanted to try.

  During dinner the two girls and the Marshall had a very animated conversation
about the future of Europe. The Marshall seemed surprised the two girls were as
knowledgeable about European politics as they were. The education at the girl's
school had been very rigorous and the girls had been selected not only for pure
Aryan beauty but also intelligence. The children they were to produce were to be
not only beautiful but also highly intelligent.

  Toasts of ice-cold vodka were repeatedly made during the meal. At some point,
Briana felt the Marshall's hand on her knee. She reached down and took his wrist
and moved the hand up toward her sex.  She gave the Marshall a warm smile as he
looked at her in surprise.

  "Only fifteen and so much a woman of the world," said the Marshall.

  "It is an age when one grows up very quickly or one doesn't grow up at all,"
responded Briana.

  "Does your friend Ingrid share your views?" asked the Marshall.

  "Yes, we both hope and plan to survive," responded Briana.

  "No matter what it takes?" asked the Marshall moving his hand to Briana's
crotch and rubbing his fingers against her sex.

  "No matter what it takes," declared Briana as she reached down to feel the
hard cock of the Marshall and give it a long slow sensuous stroking.

  Briana watched as the Marshall made a motion that indicated his other hand was
on Ingrid's leg. Ingrid sensing what was happening, moved the Marshall's hand to
where it touched the crotch of her silk panties.

  One of the stranger aspects of the evening was that Briana found herself
attracted to the gruff soldier. In spite of the hostility between Germans and
Russians, she felt comfortable with the highly intelligent commander. Goebbels
and his Russian counterparts had painted their opponents as less than human.
However, both she and Ingrid found herself laughing and singing with the
Marshall.

  Marshall Zhukov in no way reminded her of her urbane, cosmopolitan father who
was more diplomat than warrior. As the evening wore on, the two girls found many
things to talk about with the Marshall. He surprised them by telling them he had
fought for Czar Nicholas II in the First World War and had almost joined the
White Army. It turned out his parents were members of the minor Russian
nobility.

  It was early morning when the two girls and Marshall Zhukov returned to his
quarters at the Fortress Commander's residence. The Sergeant who had screwed
Briana and Ingrid that afternoon was on guard duty when they approached with the
Field Marshall. He gave them both a look of grudging respect as they entered the
building arm in arm with the Soviet Union's best known and most successful field
commander.

  The two girls helped the Marshall undress. As soon as he was naked, he lay
back on the big bed with his back bolstered by two large pillows. He began to
stroke himself. He had a sizeable cock.

  "Undress each other, slowly, I love to watch pretty girls take each other's
clothes off," said the Marshall as he masturbated. 

  Briana and Ingrid slowly stripped one another. They engaged in long passionate
kisses as they removed articles of clothing. When they were completely naked,
they lay down at the foot of the bed and made love to each other's sex.

  "You two are breathtakingly beautiful. One of you climb on my cock while I eat
the other's pussy," order the Field Marshall.

  Ingrid straddled the Field Marshall's cock and slipped it into her already wet
hole. Briana straddled the Marshall's face as she lowered herself to allow his
tongue to reach her hole. The Marshall's tongue busily licked and sucked at her
clitoris. Briana felt Ingrid mouth on her ass. Briana relaxed and enjoyed the
double mouth action.

  "Switch," directed the Marshall repeatedly. The girls changed positions
several times before the Marshall finally released his semen in Ingrid cunt.

  "That was incredible," said the Marshall as he relaxed.

  "We are going to suck you hard and fuck you again," said Briana.

  The Marshall was astounded that the two girls working together were able to
make him climax four times before he fell asleep completely relaxed and
satisfied. The next morning he complemented them.

  "We've made love all night. I haven't done that in many years. You are much
better than Natasha but don't tell her I said that. She tries very hard. Her
father was a good friend," said the Marshall when they were done. The two girls
were curled up on each side of the Marshall. The sun was coming up when Briana
closed her eyes.

  It was afternoon when Briana and Ingrid were awakened by Zhukov's orderly,
Sergeant Vasilov.  The Marshall had apparently dressed and left. Briana assumed
that the Sergeant like General Orlov's orderly expected to have sex with them
when the Marshall was absent.

  "Get up, eat, dress, hurry, we have to be at the airport in two hours,"
announced the Sergeant pulling the covers off the naked girls.

  "Airport?" asked Briana.

  "Yes, the Marshall has two week's leave scheduled. Stalin himself has ordered
him to rest. You are to accompany him," said the Sergeant.

  "Where," asked Ingrid?

  "None of your business now get dressed. I brought your things from General
Orlov's quarters," said the Sergeant pointing to the two suitcases that the
girls had taken from that very same building the day before.

  "Is there anything to eat?" asked Briana.

  "I'm not surprised you're hungry. There's soup and bread in the dining room.
The Marshall said the two of you screwed him all night. I heard him tell his
aide, Colonel Antonov that he hadn't been so hard since he was a cadet in the
military academy of St. George. That's why you two are going to Yalta," said the
Sergeant.

  Two hours later, Ingrid and Briana were seated in the back of a Turpolev
multi-engine aircraft flying toward the Crimea. Seated nearby was Natasha.
Natasha informed the girls that as a reward for capturing the Chancellery on May
1, Stalin had insisted that Zhukov spend two weeks at Stalin's resort home or
dacha located near Yalta on the Crimean Sea.

  "You'll be expected to have sex with me. The Marshall likes to watch women
have sex with one another," said Natasha matter of factly.

  "That's not a problem. He watched us made love to one another, last night,"
said Ingrid.

  "You should know I'm Jewish. I hate the Germans. A company of the Hermann
Goering Division killed my parents at Kiev. They raped my mother, two sisters
and me while they made my father and older brothers watch. Afterwards, they shot
us and threw us in a ditch. But I wasn't dead. Some peasants pulled me out and
hid me. They got me to a hospital and I survived. I joined the army. I hoped to
fight and kill Germans. But they said I was too pretty and they made me into a
whore for the officers. Marshall Zhukov was kind enough to make me his
companion. I try to be grateful. But the problem is that I'm still afraid of men
and aren't very good at sex. The Marshall knew my father so he took me in as his
army wife. Nevertheless, I'm still just a Field Marshall's whore. At times, like
last night, he loans me out to others. General Orlov was very nice but I could
tell he would have much preferred to have you two in his bed. He told me he was
going to miss you, Briana."

  "Natasha, our situation is not all that different. Russians raped both of us.
They raped Ingrid in a Berlin square while hundreds watched. I was beaten and
raped ten times by Don Cossacks in the back of a truck while on my way to
Spandau Fortress. Since then we have survived by sleeping with whoever wants us.
Ingrid is also an orphan. British bombers killed her parents. Mine are in the
custody of the Americans."

  "We're two young girls trying to survive. Whatever the Marshall wants we will
do and willingly. If that includes making love to you, a Jewess, then we will
make the best of it. Honestly, I find you very beautiful and desirable. I plan
to enjoy sex with you," said Briana who then leaned forward to kiss Natasha on
the lips. Ingrid joined in the embrace as the three girls kissed.




Chapter 56 - Yalta



Please take note! Adults Only Literature

The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written for
adults only.

If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing this
file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
now.

This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
is purely coincidental, etc.

Email HarryBerg01@aol.com with your comments.

Copyright 2004

                                                             ****



  This is the sixth part of the time travel that Satan gave to Briana during the
celebration of the Black Mass. Briana has been transported to the final days of
the Third Reich. Briana has been taken to Stalin's dacha at Yalta to vacation
with Marshall Zhukov. After nights of drunken sexual orgies, they spend their
days lying in the sun.



  Ten days later, the three girls were sunbathing naked around the swimming pool
of what was once the summer palace of the Czar. Years before, Stalin had quietly
restored the palace to its former luxury. Outside of the missing portraits of
the Romanov's the Yalta palace was in the identical condition when Czar Nicholas
II and the royal family spent several weeks there each summer. Briana noted that
Stalin had removed all the portraits of the Czars except that of Peter The
Great.

  The Yalta Palace had been the recent site of a conference of the Allied
leaders where they made important decisions regarding the post war world. Briana
was reminded of her father's large estate in the Ruhr. Although their palace was
much less grand than that of the Czar, it was still a large castle with a formal
garden, hundreds of acres, and many servants. Briana had lived a very luxurious
life before her idealism drove her to commit to being a baby factory for the
Third Reich. Once she was selected for the special Deutscher Madel School, she
lived an austere existence of military drills, books, and studies.

  Briana and Ingrid's hair had turned to golden blonde in the warm Crimean sun.
There bodies had tanned and they had become rested from the ordeals of the
previous weeks.

  "Our pussy hair is shades lighter. Yours is almost white," commented Ingrid.

  The palace overlooked a small private beach where the girls had just enjoyed a
luncheon picnic that ended with the three of them having oral sex with the
Marshall.  The girls had laughingly attacked the old soldier forcing him to lie
still while they sucked his cock. The sensation of three tongues licking the
sides of his penis resulted in the Marshall ejaculating several inches in the
air.

  "I haven't shot that far since I was a boy. You three are positively wicked.
These have been good times," announced the Marshall as a servant was collecting
the luncheon dishes and uneaten food, "I'm going to divorce my wife and marry
the three of you."

  "Just let us come live with you and Katja. We can be her daughters," laughed
Briana.

  "I don't think Katja would approve, wives aren't fond of accepting daughters
into their marriage bed," responded the Field Marshall. "And now I must leave
for the afternoon. I'll be back by dark. Let's plan a quiet evening for just the
three of us. I don't think I can take another night of watching the three of you
screw my old comrades in arms."

  "You said we were good for their morale," said Ingrid putting her around the
Marshall and kissing his cheek.

  "Everyone thought it was very funny, especially when we made love to the fat
nurse," said Natasha.

  "She was nice but perhaps a little overweight," said Briana. Briana was
referring to one of the hospital nurses that worked at the large military
hospital nearby. The hospital was reserved for convalescing senior officers.
Nurses often accompanied some of the recovering soldiers to Stalin's dacha for
the parties thrown by the Field Marshall.

  At last night's party, one of the nurse's had gotten very drunk and engaged in
a lesbian sex with the three girls. The lesbian sex was a prelude to an orgy
that lasted all night.

  "Nurse Sonja arrived with every intention of keeping her clothes on," said
Marshall Zhukov.

  "She probably shouldn't have drunk an entire bottle of vodka," said Ingrid.

  "I thought I would die from laughing when she stood in the middle of the room
and took all her clothes off and danced with you three," said the Field
Marshall.

  "In spite of what she said about having never been with another woman, she
certainly didn't hesitate to eat my pussy," said Natasha.

  "Did you enjoy watching us?' laughed Briana addressing the Field Marshall.

  "It was most enjoyable to see Comrade Nurse feasting on you three. She was
like a starving woman as a buffet," said the Field Marshall.

  "Her tongue was huge, like a cow's tongue,' said Ingrid.

  "Ingrid, Nurse Sonja was big boned and slightly overweight," corrected Briana.

"Slightly overweight, you inherited a gift for diplomacy from your father,
Briana. Comrade Nurse weighed more than the three of you put together. Her
breasts were bigger than your head," responded the Marshall.

  "I thought I was going to smother when I was eating her pussy.  She secreted
so much juice; you could have filled a glass. When Briana stuck her arm inside
her pussy, she orgasmed and peed all over Briana," said Natasha. "How did that
feel, Briana?"

  "Very strange, I imagine that Nurse Sonja is sore today," said Briana.
"Besides, you were the one that put your fist inside her butthole. The poor
woman won't shit for a week."

  "She squealed like a pig when you girls put your fists inside her," laughed
the Field Marshall.

  "But that did not discourage her from lying in the middle of the floor and
inviting every man there to fuck her," said Natasha.

  Afterward the picnic lunch on the breach, the Marshall had left to visit
General Chubilov, a close friend who had been badly wounded in the siege of
Berlin. The Marshall had received word that the General was failing and would
only last a few more hours.

   It had been nights of parties and orgies as the Marshall entertained old army
comrades who were recuperating at the large military hospital located in the
nearby city of Yalta. Many of the soldiers were missing limbs and were still
convalescing. It was easy to see why Marshall Zhukov was one of those rare
commanders who commanded the intense loyalty of the men under his command. He
arranged for sumptuous parties of all the wounded senior officers who were able
to attend. Vodka, fine food and the company of beautiful girls were provided.
Red Army female soldiers, hospital nurses, and the occasional local Ukrainian
beauty joined the three girls. They would all wind up naked in the former throne
room of the Czar having sex in every position with multiple partners. The orgies
usually did not end until dawn. Natasha, Ingrid, and Briana then spent the day
sleeping by the pool and going for the occasional swim to cool off.

  "It's hard to imagine Czar Nicholas II and his family swam here," said Briana.

  "They say the evil Monk Rasputin visited the palace one summer. While he was
here, he seduced the Czarina and her daughters. He took the four girls into the
green house and deflowered each one. The Czarina was completely under his
control. She held the girl's head in her lap as he raised their skirts and
removed their underclothes. She even unbuttoned their dresses so he could suck
their nipples as he entered them," said Natasha.

  "I've never heard that before," said Ingrid reaching down to rub her sex. "I
would have loved to fuck Rasputin."

  "His cock was huge and it never lost its erection. It's size caused the four
girls to bleed, especially Anastasia the youngest. After each of her four
daughters was deflowered the Czarina cleaned his cock with her mouth and allowed
him to fuck her in the asshole. During his visit, she and her daughters gave
themselves each day to the Monk Rasputin and to some of his friends. They had
drunken orgies in the chapel where the Czar worshiped. Rasputin would perform
the mass dressed in a black robe with nothing underneath. One by one the
Czarina, her daughters and several of her ladies-in-waiting would step forward
and take Rasputin's cock in their mouth and suck it. Later after he had blessed
and pissed on some consecrated wafers and given them Holy Communion, they would
kiss his naked ass and stick their tongue in it," said Natasha.

  "I stuck my tongue in several assholes last night," said Ingrid. "And several
tongues and cocks found their way into my bottom."

  The previous evening, Ingrid, Briana, and Natasha had each been involved in
group sex where they found their mouth, vagina, and rectum all penetrated at the
same time with Red Army cock. The girls had energetically fucked anyone who
asked. Briana recalled the times she had sex with men missing arms or legs.

  Briana had been surprised that she found the horrible wounds suffered by
Colonel General Dimitri Kornilov erotic and she had made passionate love to his
horribly burned body. General Kornilov had been injured when his T-34 had
encountered a King Tiger. His face was badly disfigured and most of his fingers
were burnt off. His back and chest were covered with scar tissue.

  At dinner, the General had requested that he be allowed to dine separately
knowing that his appearance caused others to loose their appetite. But Briana
insisted that he sit beside her.  Briana sat beside him during dinner and helped
him eat. Afterwards, she led the General off to a nearby bedroom where she
undressed him.

  She began by making love to every part of his body passing her tongue over
every inch of scar tissue. She put the brunt stumps of his fingers in her mouth
and sucked them. She rubbed her breasts across the ravaged flesh of his back and
chest. She placed passionate kisses on his ruined face using her tongue and lips
to caress the twisted flesh of his nose and the socket of his missing eye.

  She carefully straddled General Kornilov and lowered her pussy on to his now
erect penis. Then she fucked him to a climax. She stayed with him several hours
making love several times before rejoining the party. Marshall Zhukov later
thanked her by giving Briana an emerald necklace.

  "Very few girls of your age or any age would have been able to face let alone
have sex with General Kornilov. I salute you, Briana. You are exceptional," said
the Field Marshall as he fixed the necklace around Briana's neck.

  Some officers were too injured to participate other than to lie there while
the girls sucked them hard them climbed on top and rode their dicks until they
climaxed. At first Natasha was hesitant, but then she slowly began to follow the
girls example and joined in. She became a willing participant who almost
overnight changed from a passive to a highly active sexual player. She also
showed a great willingness to engage in lesbian sex with the two girls or other
females in attendance.

  "You two have brought Natasha out of her shell. You know she was a virgin when
she was raped, it made her shy and passive with men, I thank you for that," said
the Field Marshall.

  Briana was asleep in the warm afternoon sun when a shadow over her caught her
eye. She looked up. The Colonel General who captured her in the Chancellery
above Hitler's bunker and another even larger man in a dark civilian suit were
looking down at her. The man in the suit was tall and powerful looking. In spite
of the well-cut suit, he had the rough features of a peasant.

  "I recognize her. She's definitely the one. Their Aryan features are obvious
and should have been recognized by Comrade Zhukov. Her friend is one also," said
the General to the man in the suit as he pointed toward Ingrid.

  "Who are you?  These young ladies and I are part of Field Marshall Zhukov's
personal staff. The Marshall will be furious that you have come into his
residence uninvited," yelled Natasha as she stepped forward to place herself
between the two men and the girls. Briana and Ingrid quickly stood up. She saw
that there were numerous men dressed in the uniform of the NKVD moving through
the palace. There were a good dozen men behind the Colonel General and the other
man. They were looking at the three naked girls with considerable interest. The
realization that she was going to be raped occurred to Briana.

  "I am Comrade Deputy Prime Minister, Lavrenti Beria. I'm responsible for the
internal security of the Union of Soviet Socialist Republic. You are the Jew
whore, Natasha Oboiskia. Your father was a traitor and enemy of the state who
would have been executed if he had not been first captured and shot by the
Nazis," said Beria.

  "That's a fucking lie," screamed Natasha as she threw herself on Beria. She
ineffectively flailed his broad chest with her fists. He easily grabbed her and
turned her around as his giant hands closed like claws around her breasts and
squeezed. Natasha let out a scream of animal pain as the powerful hands mashed
her tits flat. Soldiers in NKVD uniforms rushed forward to grab the struggling
girl and pull her away from their leader.

  "Captain Roskolnokov, take the Jew whore over there and punish her for
attacking the Deputy Prime Minister," said the Colonel General pointing to a
nearby trellis of the large garden that adjoined the pool. In a matter of
seconds, they had bound Natasha with ropes by her wrists to an overhead
crossbeam. Her toes barely scraped the ground. Her nude body was fully
stretched. Briana sensed that the soldiers were hoping the Deputy Minister would
give them permission to rape the three girls.

  "How many strokes, Comrade Deputy," asked the Captain?

  "Shall we say a hundred on each side? Be sure they concentrate on places the
Jewess will not soon forget."

  "And those two?" said the Captain referring to Ingrid and Briana.

  "Twenty five on each side to start then have your men spread their legs and
give them ten on their sex. Let's them see what happens to war criminals that
attempt to avoid Soviet justice by offering themselves as whores.

  Briana and Ingrid found themselves hung up by their wrists to the trellis. The
soldier felt their breasts and sex after they were restrained. Briana's toes
barely rested on the lawn. There was considerable pain in her arms that were
stretched overhead.

  Briana and Ingrid watched in disbelief as two stocky soldiers shed their
uniform shirts, limbered up long evil looking whips and positioned themselves at
Natasha's front and back. Briana looked around and saw that several of the
soldiers were already showing a large lump in their trousers. They were rubbing
their crotch in anticipation of what was going to happen after the three girls
were whipped.

  Briana and Ingrid were far more beautiful than the women that usually fell
into the hands of the NKVD. Briana knew enough about the NKVD to understand that
the men surrounding her were fanatical communists and were recruited from the
most brutal and savage of Soviet citizens.  Many like Stalin and Beria were
Georgians not Russians. Georgia was known as a savage, uncivilized part of the
world where rape, torture, banditry, and murder were still commonly practiced.

  "Begin with her," said the Captain. "Let her fellow whores watch how we treat
a Russian Jew whose father was a traitor. If she passes out, revive her, I don't
want her to miss a single blow."

  The Captain signaled the two half naked men to proceed. They landed their
whips simultaneously on both sides of Natasha. The crack of the whips was
followed by a shriek of agony torn from Natasha's lips. Briana and Ingrid
watched in horror as Natasha twisted and writhed in pain as the whips landed.

  Several times Natasha passed out from the pain only to be revived by a
drenching from a bucket of cold water.

  "Captain, begin with the other two. Sergeant Timoshenko, Corporal Deniester,
that one was a sniper that killed over a hundred Red Army soldiers. I suggest
you make her pay accordingly," said the Colonel General pointing out Briana to
the two soldiers who had shed their uniform shirts and were limbering up their
whip arms. 

  Briana screamed as soon as the whips landed on her bare flesh. She heard
Ingrid scream at almost the same time. The whips tore at her breasts and sex. It
was more pain than she ever recalled experiencing. Each time the whips landed it
was like the very first time. The pain did not dull or fade. After a while she
felt someone grab her ankles and separate her legs.

  My God they are going to whip my pussy realized Briana right before a whip
passed along her entire sex turning the flesh from her clitoris to her anus into
a strip of fiery pain. At some point, she passed out and was revived with a
bucket of icy water. She came awake sputtering. The scourging of her sex
continued.

  "Are you ready to fuck some more Red Army soldiers?' said the Captain stepping
up to Briana and cruelly jamming his fingers into her suffering vagina.

  "Don't. Please don't. I'm hurting terribly," pleaded Briana. Briana could
still hear Natasha screaming as her whipping continued.

  "Go ahead, Sergeant Karloff, you and your men entertain yourselves with the
Field Marshall's German whores while I busy myself with other matters," said the
Colonel General walking back into the palace.

  Almost immediately, Briana and Ingrid were untied and thrown back down onto
the same cushioned mats they had been sunbathing on. In a matter of seconds,
Briana's legs were pulled wide part and a soldier was between her legs working
his cock into her painfully whipped pussy. Briana's legs were pulled so far
apart that she though her hips would be dislocated. She could hear Ingrid
groaning as she too was spread and raped. In the background, the crack of two
whips was always followed by the loud screams of Natasha.

  Briana grunted and moaned as the soldier forced himself into her. His coarse
rough hands twisted her nipples.

  "Make the bitch shed tears, Alexi, she's a German and a Nazi youth. She needs
to pay for what the Fascists did to Mother Russia," said some soldier behind the
Alexi. The young soldier slammed his cock into Briana grinding his pubic bone
against her clitoris that was bright red from the whip. Briana screamed as his
rough pubic hair came in contact with her tortured sex.

   Briana heard a loud slap and then heard Ingrid start to sob. Briana had no
idea how many times she was raped or how long it lasted. Men got on her, slid
their cocks in her pussy or ass, ejaculated, then climbed off so another could
take their place. By the position of the afternoon sun, Briana estimated it went
on for at least two hours. Briana's vagina and rectum were worn raw by the
whipping and repeated rapes.

  Both girls were viciously slapped many times. At some point, they finished
whipping Natasha. Briana watched as they threw the bloody sobbing girl down on a
cushion and began raping her. The girls became inert as exhaustion set in.

  "They're all fucked out. Let's liven them up," said someone.

  Briana didn't resist as she was forced onto all fours. Her hands were tied
behind her back. Briana and the other two girls were positioned so that their
face was over the pool. Briana had no idea what their rapists were going to do.
All of a sudden someone pushed her head under the water. She struggled to bring
her head above water as she felt a large hand force itself inside her stretched
out cum soaked vagina. Briana started to panic as she ran out of air. The hand
was causing her intense pain as she struggled to breathe. When she sensed she
was about to pass out from lack of oxygen, the hand holding her head pulled her
out of the pool by her hair. Briana screamed for them to stop. But the idea was
to fist rape the girls while their head was held under water. They would be
allowed to breathe only seconds before they passed out and drowned.

   The rape by water torture was repeated over and over again.  One soldier
fucked her ass while another forced her head under water. Briana struggled with
all her strength but she was unable to raise her head until the hand clutching
her blonde curls yanked her face out of the water.

  Briana could hear Ingrid and Natasha screaming for the water torture and rape
to stop. Finally it did.  The three girls lay there sobbing as the solders
laughed at them while they smoked cigarettes.  It was quiet for a moment. Briana
listened as two of the NKVD soldiers commented about what happened.

  "Too bad we're not back in Moscow at the Lubyanka Prison. They hold the slut's
head down in a bucket of ice water from the Neva while you fuck their ass. It
makes it more interesting."

  "How so?"

  "They're crazy as a Siberian wolf after a couple of fucks. Remember Yaganov?
We did his daughter while Poppa Yaganov watched. Comrade Beria arranged it as a
demonstration of what happens when someone in a position of trust betrays Stalin
and the Soviet people. The little bitch was totally insane when it was over. I
was one of the five that fucked her. She was babbling like a mad woman when we
were done."

  Briana lay there exhausted too tired and sore to move. Nearby, she could hear
Ingrid and Natasha crying. Moments later, Briana heard the voice of the Colonel
General.

   "Captain Roskolnokov, get the two Nazis ready to travel. We're taking them
back to Berlin for execution."

  Briana and Ingrid were pulled to their feet.  Briana's crotch and ass burned
and it hurt to walk. She felt like her hip sockets had been dislocated.

  "Go inside and dress, go with them Sergeant," said the Captain.

  It took a superhuman effort but the two naked girls climbed the stairs to the
room they shared. As they hurriedly packed, Briana whispered to Ingrid.

  "Put on a pretty dress, the yellow one and let's fix our hair and face."

  "Why bother, they're just going to give us to the Poles to torture and hang,"
replied Ingrid her face stained with tears. Her eyes and cheeks were puffy from
being slapped.

  "We're not hanged yet. We still have a chance to get out of this. We have only
one advantage and that's the fact that we have youth and beauty and these are
men. Let's make them see us as too desirable to execute."

  "I don't think that Beria character cares what we look like," said Ingrid.

  "I agree, but others will and who knows what may happen."

  Two hours later, Ingrid and Briana were seated in the back of a plane flying
back to Berlin.

  "Captain, what will happen to us?" asked Briana very politely. The two girls
had managed to pull themselves together. There was no opportunity to say goodbye
to Natasha. Briana's last memory was of Natasha lying by the pool. Whelps
covered almost her entire body. Any spot where a whip had landed over the top of
another, the skin was broken. Natasha's legs were spread so wide she looked as
if her hips had been dislocated. But she was breathing.

  "Odd, you speak good Russian. I've met few Germans who know our language.
Where did you learn?" said the Captain.

  "In school, we learned in school. Please tell us what will happen to us."

  "I heard the Comrade Deputy say something about showing you two to Stalin. The
Comrade Deputy has no great love for Marshall Zhukov. Coddling war criminals is
a serious offence."

  "We're not war criminals," responded Ingrid.

  "Hitler Youth are considered war criminals by the USSR, especially ones who
served as soldiers. I understand you were trained as snipers."

  "Yes, that's true but being snipers doesn't make us war criminals."

  "I don't make the rules. Comrade Beria does," answered the Captain with an air
of finality.

  When the plane landed, the girls were transported back to Spandau Prison. They
were shown to a small cell sometime after midnight. They were the cell's only
occupants. The Sergeant who had commanded the men who raped them by the pool
threw their suitcases in with them.

  "The boss said I'm to take very good care of you two for the next couple of
days. I'll get some food," said the Sergeant.

  "Why are they going to take very good care of us?" asked Ingrid as soon as the
Sergeant left.

  "I suppose that comes under the general heading of coddling. Beria said that
the Field Marshall was coddling war criminals. If we look like hell, we don't
look coddled. However, we need to look as good as possible when they take us to
Stalin."

. The Sergeant soon returned with some bread and several cans of Spam. There was
also a bowl of watery stew. The food was a stark contrast to what the two had
been eating for the previous five days. He immediately made it clear that his
kindness was going to come with a price.

  "Which one of you wants to get screwed this time?" asked the Sergeant.

  "Let us both do you with our mouths," said Ingrid mindful that both of their
other holes had taken a beating that day.

  "You two are a couple of real sluts. German whores really know how to get a
man off with your mouths," said the Sergeant as she unbuttoned his trousers and
let them drop.

  The girls were exhausted but moved forward and knelt before the Sergeant.

  "Bend over, I'll lick your ass," said Briana as she got behind the Sergeant.
The Sergeant obliged her by leaning slightly forward and reaching back to pull
his ass cheeks apart. Briana took a long slow swipe of her tongue across his
brown hole. It wasn't clean but Briana wasn't in a position to care. Ingrid
wrapped her fist around the Sergeant's shaft and took the head in her mouth and
began to gently suck it.

  "I can see why Zhukov kept you two. That's right, Nazi whore.  Eat the shit
out of my ass. They say you Fascists sluts used to fight over who got to eat the
turds out of Hitler's ass," said the Sergeant as he took a long deep breath.

  "My name is Briana. I like sucking your asshole. Feel me stick my tongue in
your butt and wiggle it. Ingrid is the one with your cock in her mouth. What's
your name?" said Briana looking up as she tongue cleaned the Sergeant's ass. As
brutal and nasty as the Sergeant was, Briana felt that she could establish some
level of rapport with him that they might use to their advantage.

  "Mikhail Rossovich Dennis," responded the Sergeant.

  "Dennis does not sound Russian, Mikhail," said Briana.

  "My mother married a Finn whose people were originally from Denmark. They were
traders. That's right; use your tongue to open my hole. When its wet, put your
finger inside," directed the Sergeant.

  Briana carefully slipped a digit inside the Sergeant's anus. She located his
prostate and gave it a gentle nudge. Briana made a mental note to thank Elise if
she ever met her again for providing her the knowledge of how to massage a man's
prostate to make him reach a powerful orgasm.  She remembered Elise and her
working open Major Betz's asshole with their fingers and tongues. Then Elise
taught her the location and feel of the Major's prostrate.  The Major cooperated
by showing how a drop of precum appeared at the end of his pecker when the
walnut sized organ was massaged.

  "Oh, that's great, you going to get a load in a minute, Inga," said the
Sergeant.

  "It's Ingrid that's going to swallow your load," corrected Ingrid.

  "Here it comes," said the Sergeant taking hold of Ingrid's head and pumping
his cock into her mouth. Briana stuck her tongue in the Sergeant's asshole and
wiggled it back and forth.

  The Sergeant held Ingrid's mouth onto his pulsing cock as she drained the last
drop of semen out of his balls. The Sergeant collapsed onto one of the two beds
in the cell.

  "Wow, I've got to hand it to Zhukov. He knows how to pick them," said the
Sergeant slowly recovering and getting to his feet.

  "Mikhail, if we're going to take good care of you tomorrow, we'll need our
rest. If you see that we're left alone, we'll do anything you want," said Briana
putting her arm around the Sergeant's neck and kissing him.

  "The Boss said he wanted you fresh," responded the Sergeant.

  Briana and Ingrid listened as the Sergeant spoke to the jailers.

  "Comrade Deputy Prime Minister Lavrenti Beria gave strict instructions that
the two German whores in Cell #1245 should not be disturbed. You are not to go
in there and fuck them tonight or anytime unless I say so."

  "I just saw you getting your cock sucked by the two of them," replied one of
the jailers.

  "Comrade, Look more closely at my uniform. I'm NKVD. We do what we want. If
you or any of the others, screw them, I'll have to tell the Comrade Deputy and
he will see that your balls are cut off and you eat them for lunch."

  "All right, we'll let you look to them. There are plenty of other Nazi whores
here for us to fuck, Comrade Sergeant."

  Briana and Ingrid spent five days in the cell. There were other women
prisoners in the cellblock. During the day, Criminal Poles would come and take
females out of adjoining cells. The interrogation chambers must have been
downstairs. Briana and Ingrid listened fearfully as horrible screams were heard
from below. Late in the day, half dead women were drug back to their cell.
Often, their thighs and legs would be covered in blood.

  "What do the Poles do to them?" Briana asked one of the Sergeants standing
outside their cell after they watched a middle aged woman being taken away for
interrogation.

  "They work inside their cunt with medical instruments. Sometimes they use a
heated iron to burn the lining of their vagina then they fuck them. I've watched
a couple of times and it's no fun at least for the whore. The Poles are scum
like you Germans. Who cares what they do to you," said the Sergeant.

   Twice Poles stopped by their cell and inquired about the Briana and Ingrid.
One of the Poles once made the hand sign of a throat being coat as he looked at
the girls. 

  Sergeant Dennis took them out for a walk in the prison courtyard once in the
morning and afternoon. They had sex with him each time he delivered food. By the
end of the second day, the girls felt well enough to have vaginal intercourse
with the Sergeant. The next day, they encouraged the Sergeant to take them
anally.

  The jailers having heard the name "Beria" stayed away for the most part. They
did come by to look at the girls when they squatted over the metal bucket they
used as a toilet. One of the guards would appear each morning, loosen his
trousers, exhibit his sizeable cock, and masturbate as he watched the girls.
Briana always made it a point to pee in the bucket as he masturbated. Ingrid
would stand close to the guard and speak to him.

  "Don't you wish she was pissing in your mouth?" asked Ingrid.

  "Yes," said the guard. "I'd swallow every drop."

  "Does your wife let you piss in her mouth?"

  "Sometimes if she's drunk enough vodka," said the guard.

   If he hadn't ejaculated by the time Briana finished, Ingrid would squat over
the bucket holding her skirt up to expose her urethra and pee for the guard.
Briana would casually walk over to the bars and use her hands to jerk the guard
off.

 "We're getting bored and horny," declared Briana one day after the guard had
left and she was wiping semen off her hand.

  On the afternoon of the fifth day, the Sergeant announced that the girls were
being taken to Potsdam that afternoon.

  "Potsdam, why Potsdam, Mikhail?" asked Ingrid.

  "Big conference of the Allies at the Ceciluhoff Palace. Americans, Brits,
French are getting together with Stalin to divide up the world. The Conference
is almost over. Comrade Beria wants to show you to Stalin to demonstrate what
Zhukov's been up to."

  "We need to bathe before we leave. We can't appear before Stalin looking like
this," said Briana.

  "There's a shower room at the end of the corridor. I could arrange to take you
there," answered the Sergeant.

  "Take us there. We can all three get naked and make love under the water,"
said Briana putting her arms around the Sergeant.

  "All right, but I'm bringing a Comrade. He didn't get a piece of you two in
Yalta. He had to follow Comrade Beria from room to room looking for documents
that would incriminate the Marshall."

  "That's fine. We'll fuck him also, but just the two of you. We need to look
fresh when we get to Potsdam."

  Mikhail's comrade turned out to be a young soldier who grew up in the same
village as Mikhail. He had a large cock and the stamina of youth. Briana and
Ingrid screwed both of them as the warm shower cascaded down on their bodies as
they lay on the tile floor.  At some point, they formed a chain so that both
their mouth and pussies were being pleasured. It was enjoyable and relaxing.
Briana began to once more take hope that somehow they would get through this
alive.




Chapter 57  - Potsdam



Please take note! Adults Only Literature

The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written for
adults only.

If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing this
file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
now.

This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
is purely coincidental, etc.

Email HarryBerg01@aol.com with your comments.

Copyright 2004

                                                             ****



  This is the seventh part of the time travel that Satan gave to Briana during
the celebration of the Black Mass. Briana has been transported to the final days
of the Third Reich. Beria has taken Briana and Ingrid to Potsdam to meet Stalin.
.



    Briana and Ingrid were in the rear seats of a confiscated Wermacht staff car
racing toward Potsdam. Potsdam was known as the imperial city. It was located
about 40 kilometers outside Berlin. Briana knew that Potsdam was where Fredrick
The Great had built his famous palace, Sans Souci.  But Allied bombs had heavily
damaged it. The Ceciluhoff Palace was a huge rambling structure that had escaped
bomb damage. Briana had been in the Ceciluhoff Palace many years ago with her
mother.

  "You look very beautiful,' whispered Briana to Ingrid seeking to bolster both
of their confidences.

  "I just hope it's quick,' said Ingrid squeezing Briana's hand.

  "We're not dead yet," said Briana. "We will find a way out of this."

   The two girls had recovered from the whipping and gang rape at Yalta. They
both looked blonde, tanned and healthy. They also looked very young and
beautiful. Briana was wearing the emerald necklace that Marshall Zhukov had
given her.

  "Maybe we can get away and find the Americans," whispered Briana.

  "Get away from the NKVD, is that possible?" answered Ingrid.

  "We must try. This may be our last chance."

  When they arrived, they were hurriedly ushered into a small waiting room.
Beria walked in with them but didn't speak or acknowledge the girls in any way.
The two girls were directed to sit down on a couch on the far side of the room.
After a period of quiet waiting, a Colonel came and summoned Beria to another
room. Someone forgot to completely close the door between the two rooms. The
girls were able to listen to the conversation.

  "Comrade Stalin, I brought proof of Marshall Zhukov's treason's against the
state. The war criminals are waiting in the next room," said Beria.

  "Comrade Beria, you went too far this time. Field Marshall Zhukov called me
and demanded I punish you for invading his dacha, whipping and sexually
assaulting his military aide. He was incensed over the mistreatment and arrest
of two young ladies that were helping him to improve the morale of wounded
general officers" said a voice that spoke with a heavy Georgian accent. Briana
could only assume that the speaker was Joseph Stalin.

  "The two young ladies are Nazi war criminals of the worst kind. They are
Hitler Youth trained as snipers. One of them was known as the Angel of Death.
She accounted for over ninety of our Red Army soldiers during the siege of the
Reich Chancellery and Hitler's Bunker."

  "Comrade Beria, please understand two points. First, Marshall Zhukov is the
Red Army's most famous and respected soldier. Our propaganda has portrayed him
as second to only myself in achieving our victory. I cannot hand him over to the
NKVD because he likes two young German sluts. Secondly, we have now won the war
and gained control over a major portion of Germany. It's important that the
German people under our control view the Soviet Union in a positive light. I
intend to immediately stop the executions of all but a few of the top Nazis. We
cannot rule a country where we are hated and despised. Finally, one day I will
give Marshall Zhukov to you, Lavrenti. But that will be when and where I decide,
not you. Understood?"

  "Yes, Comrade Stalin."

  "Now, you've made me curious. You tell me there are two highly dangerous Nazi
war criminals in the other room. Marshall Zhukov tells me a completely different
story. I want to meet them."

  "Pull your skirt up a couple of inches," whispered Briana to Ingrid. The two
girls exposed their knees.

  Seconds later in strode Joseph Stalin. Briana and Ingrid slowly stood up.
Briana was surprised at Stalin's small stature. He was definitely not a big man.

  "These are your war criminals? They're just two very pretty young girls, very
pretty I would say," said Stalin looking at Beria incredulously.

  "May I speak, Comrade Stalin?" asked Briana in Russian.

  "Ah, she's not only pretty but speaks Russian in a lovely voice. No wonder
Zhukov was enchanted. Go ahead, tell us what you have to say, Comrade."

  "Comrade Beria is correct in that we were both in the Deutscher Madel and
trained as snipers in the final months of the war.  I did fight in the defense
of the Chancellery as Comrade Beria described. My friend, Ingrid, was also a
sniper but in a unit that surrendered without combat to the Red Army. She did
not kill anyone. If anyone is to be executed, it should be me, not Ingrid."

  "So you are the one they called the Angel of Death. When I talked to the Field
Marshall during the siege of the Chancellery, he said there was a female sniper
who almost single handedly was holding up the attack. Any Red Army officer who
showed his face was a dead man. Entire assault companies were left without
officers. He learned from a captured soldier that the sniper was a young girl
they called the Angel of Death. We thought it was more of Goebbels nonsense but
I see that it is true."

  "Yes, Comrade Stalin, they called me Angel," said Briana.

  "And do you speak Russian as well as your friend?" asked Stalin of Ingrid.

  "My Russian is not as good as Briana's but I had a chance at Yalta to improve
it, Comrade Stalin,' said Ingrid.

  "Did the Field Marshall know he was making love to someone who helped keep him
from achieving his objective?"

  "No, Comrade Stalin, we did not tell the Field Marshall anything other than we
were in school," said Briana.

  "How old are you?" asked Stalin?

  "We are both fifteen years old," answered Ingrid in her best Russian.

  "Fifteen, beautiful, dressed very prettily, speaking fluent Russian, why would
the Field Marshall ask any questions. Comrade Beria, however, is somewhat immune
to the charms of the opposite sex."

  "The Field Marshall asked us to help him raise the morale of wounded officers
who were at a nearby hospital in Yalta," added Ingrid.

  "And I have a very complete report on exactly how you went about it. Marshall
Zhukov should have understood the dacha staff reports to me not him.  Comrade
Beria, I know you are very busy. I won't keep you."

  "Yes, I have to return to Moscow tonight, Captain bring these two."

  "No, they're staying with me for now. I want to question them further about
the last days of the Reich Chancellery. I understand our Angel witnessed the
burning of her Fuehrer's body."

  "That is correct, Comrade Stalin," answered Briana.

  "I will take my leave," said Beria.

  The girls watched as Comrade Beria strode out, obviously in a terrible mood.
Briana thought to herself that somewhere someone was going to die because
Comrade Deputy was in such a bad humor.

  "If I had let you go with him, he would have killed you as soon as he gotten
far enough away that I wouldn't have heard the shots or possibly your screams,"
said Stalin.

  "We're very grateful, Comrade Stalin," remarked Ingrid.

  The two girls stood still as Stalin moved closer. He looked very closely at
them for a moment. No one made a sound.

  "Turn around," said Stalin. Stalin was ignoring the fact that his military
aide and personal servant were still in the room along with two guards.

  The two girls turned their backs toward Stalin coming between the girls and
placing his arms around their shoulders.

  "Exquisite, Comrade Zhukov has excellent taste," said Stalin as he ran his
hand down the girl's backs and felt their rear. He allowed his hand to linger
there. Briana pressed her bottom against Stalin's hand.

  "Briana, it was reported that you were not repulsed by the appearance of
General Kornilov. In fact, I was told you made love to him while other's
watched. His scars did not frighten you as they did his wife. Elsa Kornilov has
refused to come near him since he was wounded."

  "The General's scars were won honorably in battle. They should be treated as
symbols of pride and bravery."

  "When General Kornilov found out from Marshall Zhukov that Beria had taken
you, he called me and begged me to protect you from Beria. He even threatened to
return his Order of Lenin if any harm came to you. Strange how feminine beauty
can attract such devotion."

  Ingrid felt the hem of her skirt being raised. A hand slipped inside her panty
to caress her buttock. Ingrid moaned slightly as she spread her feet a few
inches wider to allow Stalin to slip his hand into the cleft between her
buttocks.

  "I don't deserve such concern from General Kornilov but I am thankful for it,"
responded Briana with a slight moan. She found the feeling that Stalin was
feeling her butt erotic. At the dacha on the Crimea, Briana and Ingrid had
discovered sex was infinitely more erotic if others were watching you. The fact
that Stalin's aide-de-camp and several guards were observing Stalin running his
hands over their bottoms was exciting the girls and causing them to feel a
growing warmth between their legs.  Ingrid was also shifting her weight to press
back against his hand. Briana smiled at an aide who was uncomfortably watching
Stalin grope the two young girls.

  "Follow me," said Stalin as he stepped back and walked quickly away.

  Both girls followed Stalin down the cavernous central room of the palace. As
they moved through the room, Briana and Ingrid were able to see down a long
hallway at the end of which was an American flag and two American Marines in
dress uniforms. Briana realized that the Americans were located in that wing of
the palace.

  After a considerable walk they reached the USSR's wing of the Ceciluhoff and
entered Stalin's private apartment.

  "Dimitri, we are not to be disturbed," said Stalin to his servant as they
approached his bedroom door.

  "Undress me," ordered Stalin as soon as they entered the room. Briana and
Ingrid were aware that Stalin was now sixty-six years old. His skin was wrinkled
and his hands and face were covered with liver spots. Stalin's complexion was
stark white in contrast to their dark tan.   Briana guessed that like Hitler,
Stalin's life had been hard, especially in the early years when the Czar had
exiled him to Siberia.  Briana and Ingrid knew that he would expect them to do
everything. The two girls carefully unbuttoned the white military tunic and hung
it over a nearby valet. Stalin sat down on the bed as the two girls untied his
shoes and removed them.

  Impulsively, Briana pushed him back onto the bed and kissed him. She found
herself laughing as she pressed her tongue into his ear. Stalin laughed too.

  "That tickles," responded Stalin surprised at the relaxed and spontaneous
behavior of Briana.

  "I'm glad. I was finding this much too solemn," said Briana, "What do you
think Ingrid? Shouldn't Comrade Stalin just relax and let us take care of his
needs?"

  "I agree. Comrade Stalin should lie back and enjoy himself, two fifteen year
old girls are going to fuck him for as long as he can take it," said Ingrid
removing Stalin's socks and ticking the soles of his feet.

  Stalin laughed again and tried to twist away but Brian straddled his chest to
keep him from moving.  Briana returned to using her tongue on his ear as Ingrid
ticked his feet and calves. After a few seconds the girls stopped ticking him.
Ingrid placed his big toe in her mouth and began to slowly suck it.  Briana
reached behind to unzip her dress. She let the bodice fall forward as she
unhooked her brassiere. She pulled the brassiere off and flung it aside with
abandon. The orgies with Marshall Zhukov had given Briana and Ingrid opportunity
to study what kind of woman really pleased men who had spent the last years in a
war that many of their comrades did not survive. Lovers who not only were good
sexual partners but who made them laugh and be happy were the most sought after.

  "They're lovely,' said Stalin admiring Briana's breasts.

  "Here, suck my nipples, Joseph," said Briana leaning forward to place her
breast in Stalin's mouth. He responded by wrapping his lips around the pink bud
and licking it with the tip of his tongue.

  "Oh, that's so very nice, now do the other one," said Briana as she pushed her
other breast into Stalin's eager mouth.

  Briana performed a half turn but stayed straddle of Stalin. She pulled her
skirt up as she moved to expose her pantied bottom. Briana commenced to unbuckle
Stalin's trousers. 

  "Do you like my ass?" asked Briana as she pulled one side of the loose fitting
panty aside to reveal the tanned flesh of her rear.

  "Yes, it's beautiful."

  "And do you like what Ingrid is doing to your toes?"

  "Very much, I'm already hard."

  "We're going to finish undressing you. Then we're going to suck your cock and
do other nasty things," said Briana as she pushed down Stalin's trousers and
underwear to reveal his hard cock.

  "Pull Comrade Stalin's trousers off, Ingrid" said Briana. Ingrid who was
busily sucking Stalin's toes ceased her efforts and helped Briana wrestle off
Stalin's pants and underwear.  The girls quickly finished undressing the Soviet
Union's supreme leader. Ingrid carefully folded the uniform trousers along the
crease and placed them on the wooden valet. She lined up the shoes properly with
the valet then folded Stalin's underwear and placed it on the valet shelf.

  "Are all German girls this neat?" asked Stalin watching Ingrid handle his
clothes.

  "We are both neat and capable of pleasing a man with our mouth," said Briana
as she leaned forward and took the head of Stalin's cock in her mouth.

   "Oh yes, you are everything Marshall Zhukov said you were," breathed Stalin
as he closed his eyes and allowed the girls to pleasure him.

  Stalin had spoken in response to Briana's taking his hard cock in her mouth
and wrapping her lips first around the tip then going down until the head of his
cock reached her throat and pushed inside the tight opening. Ingrid carefully
placed her mouth around one of Stalin's balls as Briana sucked the shaft.

  Stalin busied himself playing with Briana's ass as the two girls worked on his
cock. She raised her buttocks so he could part her cheeks and examine her
asshole.

  "You want to make love to my ass?" asked Briana playfully.

  "Yes," responded Stalin sticking out his tongue.

  Briana scooted back to where his tongue could reach her puckered hole. He
licked across the anus and felt a slight twitch in the surface. Stalin realized
he was becoming more aroused that he had been in years.

   In a matter of seconds, he surprised himself by climaxing into Briana's
mouth. For the last few years, orgasms had not come easily to Stalin.  A chronic
workaholic lifestyle further exacerbated by the strain of the war had left
Stalin with little energy or enthusiasm for women. Although he was supplied with
a constant stream of pretty young Soviet girls, he found for the most part that
it was difficult to achieve an erection let alone reach a climax. Even though
the girls were attractive and willing enough, they were too passive and overawed
by the act of being in bed with the Supreme Leader to take an active part. But
Briana and Ingrid were different.  When Zhukov had called Stalin to prevent
Beria from executing the two girls, he told Stalin that the two girls were
extraordinary sexual partners.

  "Beria is wrong. They are not war criminals. Frankly, I brought them to Yalta
because they made an old man feel young again. I haven't been so hard in fifteen
years," was how Zhukov phrased it. "They made me climax four times in a single
night. I haven't done that since I was a cadet at the military academy."

  Stalin had not been interested enough in sex to think about what Zhukov had
said until he saw the two girls. He had almost decided to allow Beria to execute
them just to teach Zhukov a lesson. But when he observed how beautiful they
were, he changed his mind. Once he saw them standing in the meeting room looking
like a fifteen-year-old girl dressed as a twenty five year old woman, he changed
his mind. As he emptied his cock in Briana's mouth, he decided he had made the
right decision.

  "We're going to get undressed now," announced Ingrid beginning to slip out of
her dress. In a matter of moments, the two naked girls were up on the bed
working to get his cock hard once again. Stalin relaxed as Ingrid pulled his
skinny legs up so Briana could use her mouth on his asshole. Briana ignored the
large rosette of hemorrhoid tissue that framed Stalin's anus. Briana licked and
sucked the loose protruding tissue until it was coated with her saliva. Stalin
moaned as her warm wet tongue caressed his brown hole. Briana held his ass
cheeks apart and used her lips and tongue to massage his butt hole open.

  "Comrade Stalin, you don't mind if we suck your asshole for a while, it's nice
and open, I can see inside, " asked Ingrid.

  "No, go ahead," was all Stalin could manage. None of the Russian girls he
bedded had been so depraved and uninhibited.

  Stalin was hard again in a matter of minutes. Ingrid sucked his cock while
Briana tongued his asshole. Briana carefully worked a finger inside his asshole
and began to rub his prostrate. Stalin realized he was hard again.

  Ingrid straddled him and slipped his cock into her cunt. Stalin heard her
grunt then felt a powerful squeeze of his cock by her contracting vagina. With
Ingrid fucking his cock as Briana finger fucked his asshole, he climaxed for the
second time.

  Without breaking stride, the girls curled up on each side of Stalin for a
short break. They slowly caressed his cock and balls as they kissed his body.
Ingrid kissed and sucked on his nipples. Briana gently sucked his balls and
licked the underside of his flaccid cock. After several minutes of slow careful
attention, Stalin was once more erect. This time Briana straddled him slipping
his cock into her hole. She positioned her feet under her and began to raise and
lower herself. Briana concentrated on creating as much pleasure as possible for
Stalin. Stalin felt an incredible surge of erotic sensations as her cunt muscles
massaged his cock on both the upward and downward stroke. Ingrid positioned her
pussy over Stalin's mouth. Without hesitating, he began using his tongue to lick
his own semen out of her pussy. The third climax took much longer but finally he
ejaculated into Briana's pussy.

  "I must rest now," was all Stalin could say as he turned over and fell asleep.
The girls carefully covered him. Ingrid and Briana took a seat in a nearby
armchair. Briana and Ingrid watched the clock.

  "We'll wait one hour then let's dress and go find the Americans," whispered
Briana.




Chapter 58  - Candy Bar Sex



Please take note! Adults Only Literature

The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written for
adults only.

If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing this
file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
now.

This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
is purely coincidental, etc.

Email HarryBerg01@aol.com with your comments.

Copyright 2004

                                                             ****



  This is part eight of the time travel that Satan gave to Briana during the
celebration of the Black Mass. Briana has been transported to the final days of
the Third Reich. Ingrid and Briana escape from Stalin and wind up as whores for
the Marine detachment guarding the President.



  It was 2:00 in the morning when the girls quietly opened the door to Stalin's
apartment. The guard looked at them questioningly.

  "We were disturbing Comrade Stalin's sleep. He suggested we go find somewhere
else to rest," said Ingrid to one of the two sleepy looking guards outside the
door.

  "I can't let you leave without permission," said the senior of the guards.

  "We are very tired and need to rest. Comrade Stalin wants us to return for
breakfast," said Briana.

  "What do you think, Dimitri?" said the guard uncertain about what to do.

  "I think they're very pretty and if they are nice to us we should let them
sleep in one of the empty bedrooms. This palace of the imperialists certainly
has enough rooms for the capitalists to keep their whores," said the other
guard.

  "Excellent idea, Dimitri. Are you two prepared to be nice to a pair of
corporals or do you only fuck Comrade Stalin?"

  "Whatever you want?" asked Briana placing her hand on the lump of flesh inside
the corporal's trousers and giving it a gentle squeeze.

  "I want you to suck my cock," said the Corporal.

  "And you Comrade Dimitri, how can I be nice to you?" said Ingrid placing her
hand on the Dimitri's cock and rubbing it.

  "It will have to be oral sex now. Maybe later we can fuck," said the Corporal.

  Briana and Ingrid sunk to their knees as they unbuttoned the trousers and the
two guards and removed their cocks. Both guards were quite young and it was only
a matter of moments before the girls tasted semen.

  "That was delicious," said Briana wiping her mouth with the back of the hand
as she rose to her feet.

  "Now we must rest but please come and fuck us when your duty is over," said
Ingrid who had also finished. 

  "There are some bedrooms down the hall," said the Corporal. "We will be
relieved two hours from now. Samsonov and I will bring a bottle of vodka."

  "We can get drunk and make love until we are exhausted," said Ingrid putting
her arm around the Corporal's neck and kissing him as she ground her pubic bone
against his cock.

  "Is there a bed big enough for the four of us?" asked Briana her arms around
the neck of the other guard.

  "Yes, go and rest until we come," said Corporal Samsonov. 

  The girls quickly found their way back to the hallway where the two American
Marines stood guard. The guards became alert as the girls approached.

  "What's your business here, frauleins?" asked a handsome Marine sergeant
wondering what he had done to be so lucky to find two very beautiful young girls
talking to him at 3:00AM.

  "We need to see the President," responded Briana in English. Ingrid's English
was much more limited than Briana's.

  "Where did you learn English?" asked the Sergeant.

  "London, my father is a diplomat, please, the Soviets consider us war
criminals and will hang us if you don't help, they've already raped us many
times."

  "War criminals, how old are you?"

  "We're both fifteen, please, you must help us, they've already allowed Polish
convicts to rape, torture, and hang many like us. We have to see the President.
Please let us inside."

  "I'll have to talk to my lieutenant about this."

  "Can we at least go inside and wait. If they discovered we've escaped, they'll
come and take us away and hang us on the spot." Briana stepped closer to the
Sergeant so he could see she was crying. Briana had often heard how Americans
were sentimental and easily persuaded by pretty women. It was time to find out
if that was true.

 "Reno, you stay here. I'm taking them to the Lieutenant. If some Russians show
up, you ain't seen nothing."

 The Ceciluhoff was truly an enormous palace. The girls followed the Sergeant
down another long hallway to a small dark office where a Marine Lieutenant was
sitting at a desk smoking a cigarette. He jumped up as soon as the Sergeant and
girls walked in.

  "Sam, I told you no whores this time, Goddamn, man, the President of the
fucking United States is less than fifty feet away and you're trying to sneak a
couple of whores in here."

  "They're not exactly whores, Sir.  They want to see the President," said the
Sergeant as he saluted.

  "God, they're young, these German girls start peddling their ass early. How
many chocolate bars did they cost you?" said the Lieutenant as he got a closer
look at Briana and Ingrid.

  "We are not prostitutes. Ingrid and I were attending school in Berlin. As the
Soviets approached, we were trained as Wermacht snipers. Because we were members
of the Hitler Youth's Deutscher Madel, and served in the Wermacht, we are
considered war criminals by the Soviets. They will rape, torture, and execute us
if you do not help us," said Briana in a quiet voice.

  "English, limey English no less, what makes you so different from all the
German women the Reds raped? I heard a Russian Colonel bragging the other day
that in territory captured by the Red Army over ninety eight percent of all
German women were raped. He said that included young girls of age ten and up,
old women, and even nuns. I got the impression that nuns were a priority," said
the Lieutenant laughing at his remark.

  "We've already been raped numerous times. I admit that Ingrid and I can be
raped over and over again but we can only be hanged once. We want to avoid being
tortured and executed.  We can be very generous to anyone who helps us escape to
the American sector," said Briana coming very close to the Lieutenant. The
Lieutenant looked her up and down. Briana could tell he was interested not in
helping her but in her body.

  "Nice looking, better than anything I've seen on the streets, show me your
legs," said the Lieutenant.

  "What," asked Briana?

  "Don't play stupid, I like to see the merchandise before I make a purchase,
you and your friend raise your skirts and show us what you got."

  Briana instructed Ingrid in German to pull her skirt up. Ingrid reached down
and slowly pulled her hem up to reveal a pair of silk panties.

   "Man, I think I've died and gone to heaven, look at them pretty pink
drawers," the Sergeant said before he let out a low whistle as he looked at
Ingrid's legs.

  "You too, honey," said the Lieutenant indicating Briana.

  Briana pulled her skirt up to show her panties. However, she didn't stop
there. She pushed them down and off one leg then sat down in a nearby armchair
and spread her legs over the armrests. She used her fingers to separate her
labia.

  "Is this what you wanted to see?" asked Briana?

  "Yes, you and her clean?" asked the Lieutenant.

  "Clean, of course, we're clean, we showered at Spandau Fortress before we came
here," said Briana.

  "I don't mean soap and water clean, stupid, is that little pink pussy you're
showing me got any diseases, gonorrhea, syphilis, things like that."

  "We don't have any venereal diseases."

  "Yea, I bet, who was the last guy you two fucked?"

  "Joseph Stalin."

  "You got a smart mouth. I like that. Who before Stalin?"

  "A couple of guards at Spandau, a platoon of NKVD soldiers at Yalta, Marshall
Zhukov and several dozen wounded general officers from a hospital near Yalta,
Soviet General Dimitri Orlov and his two orderlies, various other guards at
Spandau, eight Don Cossacks in the back of a truck right after I was captured
and two SS officers and a Walfen SS officer from the Charlemagne Division."

  "You accomplished a lot for being only fifteen. You must have started when you
were ten."

  "I was a virgin until April 29th of this year, so was Ingrid."

  "Who popped your cherry?"

  "I don't understand."

  "Who deflowered you?"

  "SS Major Franz Betz of the Herman Goering Division."

  "Did he rape you too?"

  "No, we were in the bunker at the Reich Chancellery. We thought we were all
going to die. I gave myself to him willingly."

  "Oh, so you were in the Bunker with Hitler. You fuck him too?"

  "No, of course not, he had just married Eva Braun."

  "But you did know him, right?"

  "Not really, I only spoke to him once when I was decorated. I saw him several
times in the two weeks I was in the bunker."

  "What were you doing in the bunker? Fucking Nazis?"

  "I was a sniper."

  "Oh, you saw combat, I bet you won the Iron Cross."

  "Yes. The Fuehrer awarded it to me."

  "And he pinned the metal right there on your tit?"

  "Actually, Eva Braun Hitler pinned it on my jacket. The Fuehrer couldn't
manage it."

  "What was the medal for? Giving the most pussy to the SS?"

  "I said I was a sniper. At the time, I had eighty six kills."

  "Eighty six, very impressive, your girl friend also kill eighty six Reds?"

  "Ingrid's unit surrendered without firing a shot."

  "I imagine she was very disappointed. You know how many of you Nazi fucks I've
killed?"

  "No, how many?"

  "Zero, spent the entire war in Washington DC guarding the President, never
fired a shot in anger. How many kills did you end up with?"

  "I lost count during the last two days, but many more."

  "So what happened to Adolph and Eva?"

  "They committed suicide. I watched them burn their bodies."

  "So he didn't get on a U-boat and go to Argentina."

  "No, I saw their bodies. I identified them to the NKVD."

  "Now that's damn interesting. Did you know that Stalin told the President that
they couldn't find Hitler or Goebbels bodies?"

  "No, I wasn't aware of that. Goebbels and Magda's bodies weren't burned. They
used all the petrol to burn Hitler and Eva Braun. I showed Goebbels and his
wife's bodies to the NKVD."

  "What did you think of Eva Braun? I heard she was a real piece of ass."

  "She was very beautiful. She always seemed happy. She loved Hitler very much.
I admired her."

  "Must have been some hot pussy for your Fuehrer to marry right before he offed
himself. I see you and Ingrid got an all over tan. Is her pussy tanned too?"

  "Show him your pussy," said Briana to Ingrid in German. Ingrid lifted her
skirt again, pushed her panties down and sat down in the other arm beside Briana
and hooked her legs over the chair arms.

  "Lieutenant, I want some of that. That's prime meat. Let's keep them around if
for nothing else an occasional fuck."

  "Quiet Sergeant, keep it in your pants. You girls are certainly tanned in all
the right places. Every fucking German whore I've seen is as white as a sheet.
Where did you lay out in the sun naked?"

  "Yalta, at the Czar's summer place, we were there with Marshall Zhukov."

  "Oh yea, Marshall Zhukov, did you meet any other high Soviet officials besides
Stalin and Zhukov?"

  "Only Deputy Prime Minister Lavrenti Beria and Field Marshall Vorishilov."

  "You fucked Beria, too"

  "No."

  "Vorishilov?"

  "Yes."

  "Just you or both of you?"

  Briana asked Ingrid if she remembered whether she fucked Vorishilov.

  "I can't remember. I was pretty drunk and we were screwing everybody,
probably," responded Ingrid.

  "Ingrid says probably but she was drunk. It was an orgy."

  "Probably, she doesn't know for sure."

  "It was a large party with a dozen general officers and a number of Soviet
nurses and female officers. Everyone had sex with everyone else."

  "Fucking Red Army orgy, you and Ingrid do the lesbo thing with each other and
Soviet women?"

  "Lesbo thing, I don't understand."

  "Did you have sex with each other, you know rug munch, muff dive, eat pussy?"

  "Yes, we've done that."

  "Man, Lieutenant, let's get them to put on a show for us. I'm already hard as
a rock just looking at those quims."

  "Great story girls, I should let you tell it to the President. Harry Truman
loves that kind of horseshit. Seriously, I got eight horny Marines who've been
stuck here in this drafty shit hole for two weeks. I've got to get them laid
before we go back to the states or I'll never hear the end of it. This has been
a tough assignment. I've heard some of the most boring speeches known to God or
man. We asked that bitch Captain Annette Jenkins to let some of us go into
Berlin for some R&R but the dyke cunt refused. Our cocks need some relief before
we leave day after tomorrow. Let's cut a deal," said the Lieutenant reaching
over to open a desk drawer and extract two cartons of American cigarettes and a
handful of Hershey chocolate bars.

  "I'll give you two cartons of Pall Mall and six of the Hershey bars, shit
that's a lot. You can get an ass fuck in Berlin for two packs of cigarettes or
three chocolate bars but what the hell. No point in hauling all this crap back
to the states. You girls stay here with us for the next couple of days and take
care of my detachment. We'll feed you, fuck you, and keep you way from the
Russians."

  "I want four cartons and a dozen chocolate bars and you take us to the
American sector when this is over. We can't fall back into Soviet hands. Beria
will make sure we're hanged."

  "Oh yea, I forgot about Beria," said the Lieutenant with an air of disbelief.
He took another look in the drawer, pulled out two more cartons and some more
chocolate bars."

  "Only got nine Hershey bars, take it or leave it."

  "And you will leave us in the American sector?"

  "Sure, we'll drop you off in the middle of the 101st Infantry. You can get
right back to work earning more smokes and candy."

  "All right, done." Briana then turned around and explained to Ingrid what she
had just negotiated. Ingrid stood up and began to unbutton her dress.

  "Little whore friend is awfully eager to suck some American dick, you can get
naked too, the Sergeant and I are going first, I'm not into sloppy seconds, oh
yea, you just fucked Stalin so I'll be dumping my load right on top of Poppa
Joe's," laughed the Lieutenant. 

  Briana and Ingrid got fully undressed. Briana and the Lieutenant watched as
Ingrid walked over to the Sergeant and embraced him. He spent a few moments
admiring her breasts with his mouth. Then he pushed her down to a kneeling
position.

  "Take it out and suck it, fraulein," said the Sergeant. In spite of Ingrid's
lack of English, Ingrid knew what expected. She unbuttoned the uniform trousers
as the Sergeant unbuckled his web belt. Ingrid carefully slid his trousers down
to his knees. The Sergeant's cock was already hard. Ingrid began by lightly
playing the tip of her tongue around the pink cock head.

  "Just like a New Orleans Storyville whore, see how she uses her tongue to
tease it before she get down to business, lick them gyrene nuts too, " said the
Sergeant pulling his cock straight up so Ingrid could suck his balls. He spoke
in what Briana now recognized as the accent of an American who grew up in the
southern area of the United States.

  "Let's find out if you suck cock as well as you bullshit," the Lieutenant said
to Briana.

  Briana decided not to answer other than to reach down and rub her hand across
the bulge in the Lieutenant's uniform trousers. The Lieutenant leaned down and
took her nipple in his mouth and gently sucked on it. His hand moved to between
her legs and he rubbed her slit as she pressed it into his hand and moaned.

    "Nothing sweeter than the sound of a whore's moan. You're awfully pretty for
a whore. I've heard you German girls suck dick better than a Harlem nigger
wench," said the Lieutenant as he too placed a hand on her shoulder and pressed
Briana down toward his crotch. As Briana listened to Ingrid noisily sucking on
the Sergeant's cock, she worked the Lieutenant's cock from his fly and began to
lick the head of his cock. She looked up in his eyes as she began with long slow
licks that began at his balls, traced the ridge of skin on the underside of his
shaft and ended with her mouth engulfing his cock head.

  "Man you are good. I'm not going to last long if you keep that up. They teach
you to suck cock like that in the Hitler Youth? What's your name again?" asked
the Lieutenant.

  "Briana, that's Ingrid. No, they were very strict at the school."

 "So where did you suck your first cock?"

  "In the bunker?"

  "Oh yea, the SS Major."

  "Actually, an SS Captain was the first cock I sucked."

  "Man, you really get around. Jesus, fuck, I'm going to cum. It's been too damn
long since Lt. Perry Williams blew his load."

  "Me too, Lieutenant, let's take a blowjob now, then swap for a fuck."

   "All right Sergeant, honey, Briana, open wide and prepare to swallow your
first load of Marine jism," said the Lieutenant beginning to breathe louder and
faster.

  Briana concentrated on the Lieutenant's piss hole as it spurted warm semen in
her mouth. Behind her, she sensed that Ingrid was accepting the Sergeant's sperm
in her mouth. She held his semen on her tongue and did not swallow it. When the
Lieutenant finished and Briana had performed a final tongue cleaning of his
prick, she stood up and walked over to Ingrid who had finished with the
Sergeant. The two girls embraced and kissed. Their tongues darted back and forth
as they shared their mouthfuls of semen.

  "Shit man, look that those sluts swap that jism back and forth, you don't see
that back home in Nashville," said the Sergeant.

  "Nor in Chicago, unless you got a couple of whores so drunk they'll do
anything for a few bucks."

  "Here, have a glass of water. No offense, Sergeant, but I don't want to taste
your spunk in case I get carried away and kiss her on the mouth."

  "Whew! That was a Class A hum job. But hey, I'm already getting hard again."

  "Me too, tell your friend we're going to switch."

  As she finished the glass of water, Briana explained to Ingrid that they were
going to swap. The Sergeant was going to fuck her while the Lieutenant did
Ingrid.

  "Let's screw them dog style over the desk, we'll do it together, we can even
swap holes," said the Lieutenant.

  "Sure Lieutenant," responded the Sergeant.

  Briana began to carefully move the papers toward one end of the desk as she
placed her elbows on the desk blotter and leaned forward. Ingrid did the same.

  Briana moaned as she felt fingers slip into her cunt.

  "Hot, wet, and ready, this is some fine pussy, shit I want a transfer to
Germany," said the Sergeant as he slipped two fingers into Briana's vagina.

  Briana turned to kiss Ingrid as the Sergeant's fingers worked inside her
vagina. Briana slipped one hand down between her legs and began to stroke her
clitoris.

  "You girls get fucked in the ass a lot?" asked the Lieutenant.

  "Yes, you can fuck Ingrid's ass if you want. Sergeant, you can screw my ass if
you prefer," said Briana. She informed Ingrid that the Lieutenant was interested
in anal intercourse. Ingrid reached back and pulled her butt cheeks apart.
Briana did the same.

  "I'll fuck your pussy first," said the Lieutenant, "Then I'll finish in your
butt. Nothing sweeter than the sight of jism leaking out of a baby whore's
asshole."

  The two girls stretched out and grabbed the edge of the desk as the Marines
slipped their cocks into the girl's cunts.

  "Good stuff, ain't it?" commented the Lieutenant as he stroked his cock into
Ingrid's cunt. "Squeeze that pecker, Ingrid, feed that hungry pussy. You know
you want all the Marine cock you can get." Ingrid instinctively moaned loudly
and commanded her cunt muscles to contract around the Lieutenant's cock.

  "You bet, it's hot, wet, tight, and knows just how to grab your dick where it
will do the most good. This one also has a tight asshole," answered the Sergeant
as he moved forward and back in a steady rhythm. He had slipped a finger deep in
Briana's ass hole. Briana responded by pushing herself back and forth in a
complementary fashion.

  "Oh, this is so good," said Briana looking sideways at Ingrid and smiling.
Briana found herself enjoying the way the Sergeant was screwing her pussy while
vigorously finger fucking her asshole.  The Sergeant kept working more fingers
into her asshole as he fucked her pussy.

  "I'm going to travel the Hershey Highway," said the Sergeant. Briana had no
idea what he meant until she felt him withdraw his cock from her pussy and began
to work it inside her anal ring.

  "Yea, why not? It's not like they got anybody to complain to," said the
Lieutenant.

  It only took a few strokes for both Marines to unload their cum in the girl's
rectum. The two girls remained lying across the desk as the Lieutenant
instructed the Sergeant on what to do next.

  "Sergeant, we need to take a break and get these whores out of my office
before someone comes by. Set these two up in the unused bedroom across the hall.
There are two twin beds in there so it's perfect. You go out and take Reno's
place. Let him have a go with them. When the guard changes at 4:00, they can get
a piece. You warn everyone to keep their mouths shut. If Captain Jenkins or
Commander Tate finds out, we could all wind up in the brig.

 The Sergeant conducted them to a nearby bedroom with two twin beds. Almost
immediately, they were paid a visit by a tall lanky corporal who informed the
girls he was from right outside Lubbock, Texas and that his name was Reno
Stevens.

  "Since there's two of you and only one of me, let's make a sandwich. This can
be the meat," announced Reno as he pulled down his pants to reveal a long
slender cock.

  It took a few questions and answers for Briana to understand what Reno were
asking. When she did she translated for Ingrid who laughed and stepped forward
to take Reno's cock in her hand.

  "Such a nice cock. May I suck it?" asked Ingrid in her limited English.

  "You bet you can, sweetheart. Man, you two are some fine looking pussy," said
Reno undressing rapidly.

  Reno had requested something he called an "around the world". After he
explained what that was to Briana, she had to translate for Ingrid. The girls
got busy and provided Reno with a complete "around the world." Reno must have
been pleased with their performance and mentioned it to the other Marines
because Briana and Ingrid were asked to perform an "around the world" on each
Marine in the early morning hours.

  Between visits by the Marines, the girls had not slept that night. At 9:00,
the Sergeant had shown up with an American breakfast of real eggs, ham, and
bread he referred to as a biscuit. There was also a pitcher of orange juice and
fresh milk and a pot of coffee. The Sergeant and another Marine named Corporal
William Pope chatted with them while they ate.

  "How's the chow? Briana" asked the Sergeant.

  "Chow, I don't understand," replied Briana.

  "Grub, food, chow, you know what you're eating."

  "It's delicious. Thank you very much. It has been months since I had fresh
eggs. We haven't seen orange juice or real coffee in years."

  "Must have been tough not having coffee or fruit," said Corporal Pope as he
watched the naked girls eat.

  "Listen after breakfast, you two girls get some sleep. I'll come by with lunch
around 1:00PM. After that, we've organized another round of visits by the
detachment." The Sergeant handed Briana a piece of paper.  It was a typed
schedule for the afternoon. Two Marines would visit the girls for one hour
beginning on the hour at 2:00PM. The Sergeant strung blankets on a rope down the
center of the room separating the two beds.

  "Some of the guys like a little privacy when they're getting laid," were how
the Sergeant's explained the curtain of blankets.

  Briana and Ingrid climbed into one of the beds, curled up with one another and
went sound asleep. The girls slept soundly until the Sergeant and Corporal Pope
showed up with lunch. The girls were amazed at how well the Americans ate. Even
Marshall Zhukov at the Czar's palace did not eat as well as the American
Marines. Lunch consisted of a small steak, potatoes, and green beans. The
dessert was something the Sergeant called "pie a la mode". It had been years
since Briana and Ingrid had eaten this well.

  "We got a problem, Briana and Ingrid," announced the Sergeant.

  "Yes," answered Briana as she finished the pie.

  "We had to explain to the chef why we needed two extra breakfasts and lunches.
He wants a piece. I know you and the Lieutenant only agreed upon the Marine
detachment but he said that since he was supplying all the food, he deserved a
piece of ass. He threatened to tell the Captain about you two if we didn't let
him fuck you."

  "All right, when?"

  "As soon as you finish eating?"

  "All right."

  "There's something more you should know."

  "What is it?"

  "Ernie is a nigger. He's not a white man. But he's real clean and as you can
see, one hell of a cook."

  Briana turned to Ingrid and explained what was being said.  Ingrid nodded her
head in agreement.

   "We will have sex with the cook," announced Briana.

  "So this is the new schedule," said the Sergeant as he handed Briana another
typed piece of paper. Briana saw that the start of the afternoon sexual
activities had been moved back an hour.

  When Ernie's done, I'll sneak you two across the hall to the bathroom. You're
going to need to wash up after you've fucked Ernie," said the Sergeant getting
up to leave. Corporal Pope gathered up the luncheon trays and carried them away.

  The Sergeant came back with a young well-built black man who Briana would have
guessed was in his twenties. He was dressed in a white chef's uniform.

  "Briana and Ingrid, this is Ernest Whittier," said the Sergeant.

  "Pleased to meet you ladies," said Ernest.

  "Would you also like an "around the world?" asked Ingrid.

  "Yes, Miss Ingrid, that would fine, just fine," answered Ernie looking
surprised at what he had just been offered.

  " I'll be back in forty-five minutes so don't waste time, Ernie," announced
the Sergeant as he left.

  As soon as the Sergeant left, the two girls almost attacked Ernie. They were
very curious about his cock. It was only a matter of moments before Ernie was
standing there with his trousers around his knees and his cock being alternately
sucked by the mouths of two of the prettiest white women he had ever seen.
Ingrid especially found herself fascinated by the long ebony cock. Ernie was
shocked when Briana went behind him, pushed his ass cheeks apart and began to
gently lick his anus.

  Forty-five minutes later, the Sergeant showed up just as Ernie was dumping his
third load of semen into Ingrid's asshole.

 "This was some of the best white pussy a nigger can get," said Ernie as he
recovered.

 After Ernie left, the Sergeant snuck the girls across the hall to bathe.

  "Wash all that nigger smell off you," advised the Sergeant as he handed the
girls two bars of soap.

  The Sergeant watched as the girls bathed. He found himself aroused as he
watched them wash each other in the shower.

  "Want some company? I could use a wash," asked the Sergeant. The girls laughed
when the Sergeant entered the shower. Briana started washing his cock while
Ingrid poked a soapy finger up his asshole. The shower ended with the Sergeant
squirting semen into Briana's mouth that she immediately shared with Ingrid in
some deep tongue twisting kisses.

  Once they returned to the room, they started on the afternoon schedule of
fucking each Marine. The time passed quickly. It was during the last hour on the
schedule that Briana looked up to see two uniformed female officers of the US
Navy watching her screw Corporal Pope in the missionary position. On the other
side of the blanket, you could hear Ingrid moaning as Corporal Reno screwed her
dog style. Ingrid was going to say something to the Corporal when the senior of
the officers put a finger to her lips indicating she was to keep quiet.

  Briana's first thought was that the situation with the two female officers
would be like that of the cook, Ernie. They had somehow learned of the girl's
presence and decided that they too required sex. Briana returned her
concentration to Corporal Pope. She wrapped her legs around his buttocks and
began to pump furiously. Moments later, the Corporal tightened his nut sack and
pushed its contents of fresh sperm into Briana's vagina. On the other side of
the blanket, Corporal Reno yelled, "I'm cumming, Ingrid baby," thereby
indicating he had completed his orgasm.

  "Corporal Pope, I hope you enjoyed that piece of tail since it may be the last
get for a long while," said the senior office.

  "Shit, Captain Jenkins, I didn't see you," said the Corporal jumping off
Briana and grabbing for his pants. He saluted with one hand as he attempted to
cover his cock with the other.

  "How was it?" asked Captain Jenkins. There was a loud "Oh my fucking God,"
spoken by Corporal Reno from the other side of the blanket.

  "Get your ass out here, Corporal Reno," said Captain Jenkins.

  The two corporals hurried dressed and stood attention before the officers.
They were trying to get dressed and come to attention at the same time.

  "Commander Tate, take these two to Lieutenant Williams. Find out if he is
aware of this. I'm going to stay here and question these two ladies," ordered
the Captain.

 As soon as Commander Tate had left with the two corporals, Captain Jenkins
walked over to the window and threw open the drapes flooding the room with the
later afternoon sun.

  "You two sit down over there," ordered the Captain in crude German.

  "I speak English. My friend Ingrid speaks some English," said Briana as she
took Ingrid's hand and the two of them walked over to a small couch and sat
down. The girls did not put any clothes on.

  "Good, my German's rusty. How old are you?"

  "We're fifteen. We are fleeing from the Soviets who will torture, rape, and
execute us if we are caught. They consider us war criminals. We came to ask the
President for his protection."

  "That's ridiculous. How can two fifteen-year-old girls be war criminals? If
you were fleeing from the Reds, why did you decide to stop here and screw our
Marines? You're whores and prostitutes. That's the long and short of it."

  "We're considered war criminals because we were members of the Deutscher Madel
and we served in the Wermacht during the defense of Berlin. Women that served in
the Wermacht are being treated as war criminals. We've witnessed what they will
do to us. If the President won't protect us, they will give us up to Polish
convicts who will begin by raping us. Then they will torture us and finally hang
us. We pretended to be prostitutes because that was the only way that we could
get the Lieutenant not to turn us over to the Red Army. He said that if we
serviced his Marine detachment for the two days, he would drop us off in the
American sector of Berlin. Please help us Captain, we don't want to die," said
Briana allowing her eyes to fill with tears as she threw herself into the arms
of the female officer.

  The Captain was about to say something when a man in a suit wearing wire
rimmed glasses stepped inside the bedroom. The Captain immediately stood up. The
girls rose also.

  "What's all the hullabaloo, Captain Jenkins? I just saw Commander Tate having
a very lively conversation with Lieutenant Perry about two fifteen year old
hookers, the Marines smuggled in here. Heavens to Betsey, they do look like
they're fifteen and pretty as a peach," said President Harry S. Truman when his
eyes settled on the nude bodies of the two girls.




Chapter 59 - Fun With HST



Please take note! Adults Only Literature

The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written for
adults only.

If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing this
file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
now.

This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
is purely coincidental, etc.

Email HarryBerg01@aol.com with your comments.

Copyright 2004

                                                             ****



  This is part nine of the time travel that Satan gave to Briana during the
celebration of the Black Mass. Briana has been transported to the final days of
the Third Reich. Ingrid and Briana meet President Harry Truman and seek his
protection from Stalin.



  Briana immediately threw her naked body into the arms of the President. Ingrid
joined in the embrace.

  "Mr. President, I implore you to help us get away from the Soviets. They will
kill us if you don't help," sobbed Briana. "Beria hates us."

  "Hold on young ladies, I need to know what this is all about?" said the
President taking a very close look at the two naked girls. Briana's young
breasts were pressed up against his chest.

  "Get away from the President," said Captain Jenkins grabbing Ingrid by the arm
and attempting to pull her off the President.

  "I can handle this, Captain, you young ladies sit over there. I want to hear
what's going on," said the President. Briana and Ingrid returned to sitting on
the couch. President Truman pulled up a chair. No one suggested the girls put on
clothes.

  "Now, I have a couple of hours before another state dinner which will be
boring as shit. I heard Lieutenant Perry say something about your screwing
Stalin last night and that you saw Hitler's burned body. That sounds far more
interesting than the crap I'll have to listen too."

  "It's not a story, Mr. President, we did have sex with Stalin last night,"
said Briana. "We snuck away after he went to sleep. We came here and your
Marines were kind enough to hide us in exchange for our having sex with them. We
hope they haven't gotten in trouble over us. Sergeant Reno taught us how to do
round the world."

  "That part I think I can confirm. Joe told me this morning that he had the
best night's sleep since the war started. He credited two young German females
that had since disappeared. He said Marshall Zhukov had discovered their sexual
talents and sent them to him as a gift. He told me that he was searching
everywhere for them. Somehow in the middle of the night, they escaped from the
Ceciluhoff."

  "That's not exactly true. Beria kidnapped us from Marshall Zhukov. He brought
us to Stalin to prove that Zhukov was harboring war criminals. Stalin upbraided
Beria for what he did. Beria left very angry last night. If he captures us, he
will execute us," said Briana.

  "Seems you girls had quite an adventure. I want to hear the story from the
beginning. If the part about you being in Hitler's bunker at the Reich
Chancellery is true, I want to hear every detail. Stalin told me they couldn't
find Hitler's body but Stalin is a lying son-of-a bitch."

  "Mr. President, perhaps the young ladies should dress before we start. It's
not entirely appropriate they are nude with the President of the United States,"
advised Captain Jenkins.

  "I like them just the way they are. Please don't interrupt again, Captain.
Now, let's begin with your names, girls."

  It took almost two and a half hours for Briana and Ingrid to relate the entire
story. Briana let Ingrid tell the story of her being raped in the city square
after her unit surrendered. Briana translated Ingrid's part into English. The
President asked a number of questions about Hitler's last days in the bunker. It
was 8:30 when they finished.

  When Briana began the part about her bargain with Lieutenant Perry, she showed
the President the schedule that the Sergeant provided her earlier in the day.

  "Amazing, you two sweet little girls took care of my Marine guard detachment.
No wonder they all look so relaxed and happy," said the President looking at the
typed schedule.

   "So although Captain Jenkins was correct in referring to us a prostitutes, it
was something we were forced to do," said Briana.

  "Corporal Reno taught us the 'around the world'," added Ingrid.

  "I bet he did and enjoyed the hell out of doing it," said the President.

  "It's hard to believe looking at you, Briana, that you had a documented eighty
six kills, you must be quite a marksperson," said the President.

  "The instructor at the school said I had a gift," said Briana.

  "She scored the second highest ever at the school. It came so easy for her,"
said Ingrid.

  "According to Joe, there's another thing you two are naturals at," said the
President shaking his head.

  "Captain, I'm now thirty minutes late for dinner. That British prick, Atlee,
will be having a fit because I left him alone with Stalin. You are to conduct
these young ladies to my quarters. I am personally taking responsibility for
their safety.  The First Lady would never forgive me if I didn't do everything
possible to keep them from harm."

  "Yes, Mr. President," answered Captain Jenkins.

  "Make sure they get a nice dinner. I want you to figure out a way they can
leave tomorrow with us. They'll need some kind of disguise. They look to be the
same size as Commander Tate. Maybe we can smuggle them out as two female Naval
officers." The President spoke with a tone that he expected to be obeyed not
questioned.

  "Yes, I sure Commander Tate has uniforms that can be made to fit," said the
Captain.

  "Thank you very much, Mr. President," said both girls as the President stood
up to leave. Briana and Ingrid spontaneously threw their arms around his neck
and hugged and kissed him. The President patted both girls on their bare bottoms
and said; "I'll see you two girls later."

  The President's quarters were only a few steps down the corridor.  They were
obviously built for a royal personage. Briana noticed that Captain Jenkins
attitude toward her and Ingrid changed. She had become very protective. She was
to learn that people who were devoted and loyal to him surrounded the President.
Whatever Harry Truman wanted, they wanted.

  As they walked the few steps to their destination, they passed Corporal Reno
and Corporal Pope in the corridor. The two Marines broke into a broad grin when
they saw the two girls.

  "Wipe that shit eating grin off your faces, Corporals," barked Captain
Jenkins. Briana and Ingrid found themselves smiling at the exchange.

  "Yes, Ma'am," responded the two with a salute.

  Once inside the President's rooms, Captain Jenkins suggested the girls get a
bath while she had dinner brought in. The two girls spent considerable time in
the luxurious bathroom. They filled the enormous tub with hot water and climbed
in together. It wasn't long before the two of them were using their toes to
masturbate one another. They also splashed each other and began to laugh. They
were playing when Captain Jenkins entered the room.

  "It's looks like dinner is going to be another hour. They're running late
because of the banquet. Mind if I join you? I've been stuck in this uniform all
day," said Captain Jenkins as she entered the room. The Captain didn't wait for
an answer but immediately began stripping off her uniform.

  Briana estimated the Captain's age as forty something. Briana would have
described her figure as rubenesque. She wasn't fat just a large person with
broad shoulders, long arms, and large hands. What Briana did not know was that
Captain Jenkins was the highest-ranking female officer in the US Navy. She had
convinced the President that as soon as the war was over, he should integrate
the male and female components of each service. Briana watched as Captain
Jenkins removed her D cup size brassiere and immediately rubbed her sizeable
breasts.

  "Too long in the harness, these puppies need to breathe," said the Captain who
next proceeded to unhook her stockings from her garter belt and slide down her
panties revealing a pubic area covered with a wide triangle of black curly hair.
In a few seconds, a fully nude Captain Jenkins was standing beside the tub
looking down at the two girls. Briana and Ingrid, although only fifteen had
learned enough in the last month to know that the Captain was looking for more
than to just get clean.

  "I heard you too giggling in here, what are you doing?"

  "We use our toes to play with each other's pussy. The one that has her orgasm
first loses. I always win. Briana climaxes if you look at her pussy, let alone
touch it with your big toe," said Ingrid laughing.

  "That's not true. Please come in and play with us, Captain. Let's see how long
you last," said Briana moving to the same end of the tub as Ingrid.

  "What are the rules?" asked the Captain as she slipped into the water.

  "Spread your legs so we can touch your pussy with our toes. Take each nipple
in your fingers and pull and twist them as we use our toes to make you climax."

  "And what do I do to you too?"

  "Put your foot between our legs and use your toes to masturbate our clitoris,"
said Ingrid.

  Captain Jenkins separated her feet and placed them up against the girl's
vagina. The girls adjusted her foot until their clitoris were between the
Captain's big and second toe. The Captain looked at the two beautiful girls as
they positioned their sex against her feet and began to move in a slight up and
down motion. "Damn, I don't blame Lieutenant Perry and his unit for fucking them
for a night and a day. They're absolutely gorgeous and seem crazy about anything
to do with sex. Jesus, fuck, I'm hot," thought the Captain as she felt one of
the girl's grab her clit between her toes while the other slipped a toe just
inside the opening of her vagina. The three women masturbated each other for a
few minutes before Briana climaxed.

  "See, I was right. She always has the first orgasm. This morning, she climaxed
every time Corporal Reno stuck it in her," said Ingrid in a voice of triumph.

  "I can't help it. I do have orgasms very quickly. Maybe it's something I will
grow out of, as I get older. May I suck your nipples, Captain?" asked Briana who
didn't wait for a response but moved down to the other end of the tub and placed
her mouth over the Captain's nipple and began to suck. Briana used her hand to
squeeze, twist, and pull the other nipple. It only took a moment for the Captain
to climax.

  After that, they had Ingrid sit on the side of the tub as Briana and Captain
Jenkins licked her clitoris and pussy until she climaxed. The lesbian sex would
have probably continued for some time but the Captain announced that she heard
dinner arriving so they had better go in the other room and eat before it got
cold.

  "Commander Tate brought two night gowns for you to wear," said the Captain
pointing to two very beautiful silk gowns and robes. The girls quickly donned
the gowns and went into the other room where Commander Susan Tate was helping
Ernie the cook set up dinner for four at a round table in the far corner of the
room.

  "Hello Ernie," said Ingrid, "How do you like my gown?" Ingrid twirled around
to show Ernie.

  "How do you know Ernie?" asked Captain Jenkins.

  "We fucked him earlier today," said Briana matter of factly.

  "You did, why?" asked an incredulous Captain Jenkins.

  "To thank him for lunch," said Ingrid, "Dinner looks delicious Ernie, come by
whenever you want us?"

  "That will not be necessary. You may leave, Ernest."

  "Yes, Ma'am," said Ernie hurrying out of the room.

  "In America, white women do not have sexual relations with Negroes," said
Captain Jenkins in a stern voice, "Furthermore, since you will be disguised as
female officers in the US Navy, you will not engage in intercourse with enlisted
men."

  "But Ernie has this beautiful cock and it's longer that any of the Marines and
he can get hard right away after he climaxes. Plus he really knows how to slam
it into you and make you cum," responded Briana.

  Briana's response caused Commander Tate to burst into laughter. Captain
Jenkins looked at Commander Tate sternly for a few seconds then she too burst in
laughter.

  "Listen girls, tonight, you are going to be sleeping with the President of the
United States. That means you are going to have to behave like ladies. Oh hell,
how big was Ernie's cock? Bethea, one of the cooks at the White House told me it
was like having a black snake inside you," said Commander Tate continuing to
laugh.

  Dinner was very convivial. Ingrid tried to speak only English. Her mistakes
occasioned more laugher. After dinner, the girls tried on uniforms provided by
Commander Tate.

  "They're much prettier than what we wore in school," said Briana looking at
herself in the mirror.

  "Or that awful Wermacht uniform they made us wear when we were snipers," added
Ingrid.

  "I need to cut your hair. Female naval officers are expected to be neat. And
we have to teach you to salute American style. It wouldn't do to have you goose
step up to the President and shout 'Sieg Heil'. We better get busy," said the
Commander she removed a par of hair clippers from a leather case.

   The four were just finishing up when the President returned. Ingrid and
Briana were dressed in the dark blue uniforms of Commanders in the US Navy.

  "We should put you two on a recruiting poster. Every horny male in America
would be wanting to join the Navy," announced the President holding out his arms
for the girls to come to him. They rushed to the President and gave him a big
hug.

  "Have my little darlings been playing dress up with Captain Jenkins and
Commander Tate?" asked the President as he bent over to kiss the two girls.

  "Mr. President, the uniforms fit. The girls are tall enough to pull this off
with the right make-up," said Commander Tate.

  "Briana, Ingrid, if you will excuse us, go into the bedroom and change for the
night. We have a few things we need to discuss with the President about walking
out of here tomorrow with half the Red Army watching," said Captain Jenkins

  The girls had changed back into nightgowns when the President walked into the
large bedroom. He sat down in a large armchair by the fireplace. He gestured for
the girls to join him. They came over and climbed up into the chair with each
sitting on one knee.

  "I want you to call me 'Daddy' when it's just the two of us. I'm going to take
you back home to the White House for a little visit.  You can stay there with
Mrs. Truman and me until it's safe to return to Germany. You'll love Bess,
that's Mrs. Truman. She'll want you to call her 'Momma' although sometimes Bess
and I play a little switch game about who are the Momma and Daddy. Is that all
right?" asked the President.

  Briana and Ingrid squealed a "yes" and kissed the President.

  "You'll also have a big sister, Margaret, that our daughter. The three of you
can play together," said the President.

  "We'll call her, Sis," said Briana.

  "I think Captain Jenkins and Commander Tate have everything worked out about
tomorrow. You will just need to stay alert and do exactly as you're old."

  "Yes, Daddy," responded both girls.

  "Now let's get to bed, Daddy's had a long day."

  The girls carefully undressed the President. They climbed up on the large bed
and used their mouths on his ears, lips, nipples, cock and balls to get him
hard. Ingrid repeated her toe-sucking act she first used on Stalin.

  "That tickles, Daddy's never had his toe's sucked," laughed the President.

  Briana grabbed the other foot. Both girls sucked his big toes before they
moved up to his cock. Once the President's cock was hard, Briana inserted it
into her pussy as she straddled him. Briana got her feet directly underneath her
hips so she was squatting over his dick as she eased it inside her wet and hot
hole.

  "Oh, that feels good Daddy, you just fill your little girl up with your big
hard cock," said Briana.

  "Does Daddy want to lick my pussy while Briana's fucking his big cock?" asked
Ingrid.

  "You bet I do. Come up here, sweetie. Let Daddy lick that creamy little twat
of yours. Can you give me just a little squirt to wet my whistle?"

  Ingrid looked questionably at Briana who translated in German that she should
dribble a small amount of urine unto the President's mouth.

  "Open wide, here it comes," said Ingrid in heavily accented English as she
pissed a small stream of golden urine into the open mouth of the President.

  "That tastes delicious. Best tasting piss anyone ever peed in Daddy's mouth."

  Briana focused all her energy on using the muscles lining the walls of her
cunt to apply pressure to the President's cock. It was a pull up and squeeze
down action as she forced the President's cock inside as far as it would go then
slowly raised her body using her thigh muscles all the time pulling her abdomen
in and upward to maximize the pressure on the President's cock.

  "Jesus Fucking Christ, this is what I call fucking. Ain't no pussy this good
in Independence, Missouri," breathed out the President.

  After the President climaxed for the first time, the girls spent some time
getting him erect again. They propped the President's butt up on two pillows so
his rear was exposed. Briana positioned herself so she could use her mouth on
his asshole while Ingrid sucked his cock. When he was hard, Briana made an
announcement.

  "Ingrid want you to fuck her in the ass."

  "Let's do it dog style. That way you can keep sucking my asshole while I fuck
Ingrid's butt. Use your mouth to get her butt hole wet and ready," suggested the
President.

  Ingrid kept sucking the President's cock as she presented her butt to Briana
who promptly attacked her rectum with the intent of making it wet and slippery
so the President's cock could slide in. Moments later, Briana was guiding his
erect member inside Ingrid's anal ring. Ingrid clamped her ring tight once the
President's cock was inside.

  "That's a tight ass. Now get behind me, Briana, and give Daddy's hole a tongue
bath," said the President.

  Briana went to work on the President's asshole as he pounded his cock into a
moaning and sweating Ingrid. Ingrid kept repeating, "ass fuck me, Daddy, ass
fuck your baby girl," over and over as Harry screwed her butt. Briana was proud
of Ingrid in that the phase did not contain a hint of a German accent.

  Several times, Harry directed Briana to come forward to where she could suck
his cock when he jerked it out of Ingrid's butt.

  "Look at Daddy's pretty little girl lick the shit off his dick," said the
President as he pulled his brown streaked cock out of Ingrid's pulsating hole
and plunged it into Briana's eager lips.

  "That's it, baby, eat her shit and tell Daddy how good it tastes then give
Daddy a kiss so he can taste it too."

  "Oh, it's good shit, here Daddy taste it," said Briana as she brought her
brown stained lips up to the President's and gave him a hungry, torrid kiss that
transferred a small amount of Ingrid's shit to his mouth. Briana would then grab
the President's cock and re-insert it in Ingrid butt hole and return to using
her mouth to lick and suck the President's asshole.

  The anal sex continued on in that manner until the President climaxed inside
Ingrid's rectum.

  "Let me watch you suck my spunk out of Ingrid's open ass hole as I go to
sleep," said a weary but happy President relaxing back on a pillow. Briana
positioned her mouth on the still open ass hole and slowly sucked a mouthful of
cum and shit from her hole. She opened her mouth to show the President that
there was a full mouthful of brown streaked semen.

  "Damn, that was worth winning the war for," said the President as he went to
sleep.   

   He fell sound asleep after his second orgasm. The two girls quietly had oral
sex until they both climaxed. After that they curled up on both sides of Harry
Truman and fell asleep.

  The following morning was tense as Briana and Ingrid stood in the third row of
the US military formation drawn up to participate in the closing ceremonies of
the conference. Briana's shortened blonde curls were hidden under the cap of a
US Navy Commander. Commander Tate was standing between the two girls. Captain
Jenkins was directly in front of them in the second row.

  Briana watched as the President mounted the dais and shook hands with Stalin
and the British Prime Minister, Clement Atlee. The worst moment came when Stalin
looked out over the assembled formation. He casually scanned the small group
then did a double take as his stare focused on Briana and Ingrid. He looked
directly at the girls. Then he leaned over and said something to the President.
The President laughed and placed his hand on Stalin's shoulder, as he shook his
head "No". Stalin then reached inside a pocket, took something out and handed it
to the President. President Truman looked at the small object as Stalin
explained what it was.

  Later in the limousine taking the President to the airport, he leaned over to
the girls and said, "Joe must have really liked you girls. He said I could have
Poland if I gave you back."

  "What did you reply?" asked Ingrid.

  "I told him that he'd have to throw in Hungary and Rumania to make it worth my
while. Like I would ever thrust the word of that son-of-a-bitch. He did give me
something for you, Briana." The President handed her the small notebook where
she recorded her kills.

  "I guess the part about you being a sniper with eighty-six confirmed kills is
no bullshit. I must say I'm impressed. Is that your boyfriend?" asked the
President referring to the snapshot that Briana had removed from the notebook.

  "Actually, I've never met him. I was to be bred with him on my sixteenth
birthday. He's probably dead. I haven't heard from him in months."

  The President's party flew out of the still damaged aerodrome at Templehof. 
American construction battalions were working furiously to fully repair the
runways, hangars, and passenger terminals. A large escort of fighters
accompanied the President's plane on the flight to LeHarve in France. There they
boarded the heavy cruiser USS Augusta for the voyage across the Atlantic. The
Augusta was a brand new warship, very fast and very well armed. Briana and
Ingrid found they shared a small cabin with Commander Tate and Captain Jenkins.
Presidential party or not, the Augusta was a warship and crew's quarters were
cramped and spare. There were four bunk beds in the room where the girls were to
sleep. As soon as the President was on board, there was to be a short ceremony
on the aft deck. Briana watched as President Truman sat down at a table with
representatives of the newly formed French government. Briana recognized the
tallest of the French representatives as General Charles deGaulle.




Chapter 60 - Ocean Voyage



Please take note! Adults Only Literature

The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written for
adults only.

If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing this
file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
now.

This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
is purely coincidental, etc.

Email HarryBerg01@aol.com with your comments.

Copyright 2004

                                                             ****





  This is part ten of the time travel that Satan gave to Briana during the
celebration of the Black Mass. Briana has been transported to the final days of
the Third Reich. Ingrid and Briana accompany President Harry Truman on a voyage
to America.



  Once all of the dignitaries were seat, there was a small commotion as several
of the American aides to the President jumped up and ran off like they were
looking for someone.

  "My God, they sent the President's French translator back last week. There was
a death in his family and no one replaced him. What a fuck up? Someone's going
to get their ass chewed over this," whispered a nearby officer.

  "This meeting was not scheduled until the last minute. The head frog,
DeGaulle, pitched a bitch about the Americans ignoring him," said another one of
the officers standing nearby.

  "We're going to look like shit, a bunch of country hicks, my French isn't up
to translating for the President. Does anyone here know English and speak fluent
Parisian French?" asked a tall distinguished looking man that Briana surmised
was a diplomat. He had walked over to inquire of the group of naval officers
standing by the ship's rail.

  "I do," responded Briana without thinking.

  "Your French is that good?" asked the diplomat. Captain Jenkins started to
intervene and then thought better of it and shut up.

  "I lived five years in Paris with my parents. My French is fluent and my
accent is Parisian," answered Briana not including the fact that her father was
Germany's military attache to the embassy. Briana spoke the words in English and
then French.

  "You're sure you can handle this. This is important," asked the diplomat?

  "Yes, I have experience in diplomacy and know how to handle translations of
this sort," said Briana. That was true. Briana had practically grown up in
German embassies.

  "All right, I just hope you don't make a fool out of the President of the
United States."

  Briana walked with the diplomat up to the small table on the fantail of the
Augusta. Seated at the table were General deGaulle, his translator, and the
President.

  "Commander Williams has volunteered to handle the translation from French to
English," announced the diplomat as he pulled out a chair for Briana to be
seated.

  "I didn't realize you were talented in so many other ways," said the President
looking startled to see Briana seated beside him. He had just looked up from a
briefing document and surprise showed on his face.

  'They said you needed a translator," said Briana. The diplomat held Briana's
chair as she sat down beside the President. Almost immediately she felt his hand
on her knee pushing her skirt up so The President could feel her bare thigh.

  Briana spent the next hour working to translate General DeGaulle remarks into
English as the President felt her up under the table. Briana's pussy was soaked
by the time the meeting ended. A young Frenchman translated the President's
statements into French. It was obvious that DeGaulle was not one of the
President's favorite human beings and equally obvious that DeGaulle was not a
fan of Harry Truman.

  Later after the meeting was over, Briana was standing behind the President as
he waved to well wishers on the quay.

  "DeGaulle would have shit himself if he knew you were German, it serves him
right, condescending frog motherfucker," said the President to Briana as he
waved and smiled at the crowd of French dignitaries standing on the quay.

   The tall American diplomat who had allowed her to be the President's
translator stopped Briana on the way below deck.

  "I'm Averell Harriman. You did very well back there. I thank you for that. If
there's anything I can do for you, please don't hesitate to ask," said the
diplomat.

  Briana and Ingrid turned in after mess and went to sleep until the next
morning.

  "If the President needs you two, he'll send for you. He's very tired from the
trip. He suggests we all get a good night's sleep," said Captain Jenkins. Briana
and Ingrid undressed and got into the bunk beds. They slept for twelve hours.
Both girls were enveloped with an enormous sense of relief at being out of
Germany and safely traveling with the President of the United States.

  During the next morning, Briana worked with Ingrid to improve her English and
eradicate her German accent. After lunch, the girls went for a walk around the
deck. The sea was calm and the sleek cruiser was gliding through quiet Atlantic
waves. A large number of British destroyers provided an anti-submarine screen.
Briana was not sure why a destroyer screen was needed since Germany had
surrendered and Japanese submarines did not operate in the Atlantic Ocean. Still
it made for an impressive site.

  The President had sent word through Captain Jenkins that he had contacted
Briana's mother and informed her that Briana and Ingrid were both safe and would
be spending some time with him at the White House.

  The girls were walking together on the main deck when Lieutenant Perry and a
very handsome officer offered to give them a tour of the ship.

  "Commanders, would you like a tour of America's newest and fastest heavy
cruiser?" asked Lieutenant Perry.

  "What does a Marine know about a naval vessel?" asked Briana smiling at the
Lieutenant. Briana noticed that Ingrid was staring intently at the Lieutenant's
companion.

  "That's why I brought Commander Travis along. He's been with the Augusta since
they laid the keel at Newport News Shipbuilding and Drydock.  He knows
everything there is to know about the Augusta."

  "Elliott Travis, Commanders, I have to ask. Are all German girls as pretty as
you two? When Matt told me there were two frauleins aboard that were pretty as
movie stars, I called him a lying bastard. But you girls ought to be in
Hollywood."

  "Thank you, Commander. Is your heritage Nordic?" asked Ingrid who let her hand
tarry in the giant paw of Commander Elliot.

  "Norwegian, my grandparents live in Minnesota but they came from Oslo, Norway
and started a dairy farm, But actually, I was born and raised in Knoxville,
Tennessee," answered Commander Travis.

  Commander Travis was incredibly good looking in a very Nordic Aryan way. He
had a deep voice with a trace of a southern accent. Tall and blonde with
piercing blue eyes, Briana resisted the urge to ask him his facial measurements.
But she would have guessed that he could easily have gotten in the SS.

  He was also a very large man, standing well over six feet. He towered over the
two girls and the average size Lieutenant Perry.

  The girls agreed to take the tour. Briana had never been on a modern warship
and was curious about what was below decks. It turned out the tour of the ship
was a walk down two decks to the two-man cabin that the two officers shared.

  "We'll start by showing you our quarters," said Lt. Perry.

   As Briana ducked to enter the hatch of their sleeping quarters, she felt
Lieutenant Perry's hand pass over her bottom. As soon as they were inside the
small room, the Lieutenant pulled Briana into his arms and kissed her. Briana
watched as Ingrid climbed through the hatch in front of Commander Elliot. She
was laughing as she tried to push his hand from between her legs.

  "I think they want to fuck us not improve our knowledge of the ship," giggled
Ingrid.

  "Think we should let them? I really wanted to see the engine room," teased
Briana.

  "Come on girls, we're going to be stuck here seven days. How about some
poontang? We might as well have some fun, nothing else to do. Elliot has got
something to show you, right Elliot?" said Lt. Perry.

  "Here, this might change your mind," said Commander Elliot as he unsnapped his
web belt and unzipped his trousers.

  The girls watched as Commander Elliot reached into his under shorts and
extracted the largest cock they had ever seen.

  "It's called a Tennessee Taddlewacker," said the Commander as he gave it a
stroke.

  Ingrid stepped forward fascinated. Briana knew that Ingrid was a girl where
size mattered. Ingrid placed her hand under it and hefted it as if she was
trying to guess how much it weighed.

  "My hand won't reach all the way around. It takes two hands, I've never seen
one that big," said Ingrid as she used both hands to stretch around the
circumference. "See, they barely reach as it is, you try Briana," said Ingrid
noting that her fingertips barely touched.

  "Let me try," said Briana.

  Briana stepped up to Elliot and placed her hands around its girth. It felt
warm to the touch. Briana sighed as she realized that the decision whether to
fuck the two officers was already made. Ingrid had begun to undress.

  "I want to go first, I want to experience how it feels to have something that
large inside my pussy," announced Ingrid as she climbed out of her panties and
unsnapped her hose from the garter belt.

  "All right, I want to watch and see if you can get it inside you, it may not
fit," said Briana as she stepped back and began to undress.

  "All right, Commanders, let's get naked," announced Elliot with a good deal of
enthusiasm.

  Moments later, Briana and the Matt were on the bottom bunk. Elliot had pulled
the thin mattress off the top bunk and thrown it on the floor. Briana was
sucking Matt's cock. On the floor, Ingrid was licking the head of Elliot's
penis. Briana observed that the head was almost the size of Ingrid's face.
Briana could tell that licking Elliott's cock was really turning on Ingrid.

  "I can get the tip of my tongue in the piss hole," announced Ingrid who then
proceeded to demonstrate what she had just said.

  "Ingrid, do you think it will fit in your pussy?" asked Briana.

  "I'm going to make it go in," responded Ingrid with a determined tone to her
voice.

  "I've got something here that will help When your cock is as large as mine,
you always bring some lubricant," said Elliot as he opened a small drawer and
extracted a blue colored tube that Briana took for some kind of ointment, "K-Y
Jelly will make it slide in easy and smooth."

  "I want a try after you're done," said Briana who then proceeded to suck
Matt's cock down into her throat.

  "There's enough peter here for everybody, Ladies," said Elliott as squeezed a
small amount of the lubricant on his fingers then proceeded to work it into the
opening of Ingrid's vagina.

  "Oh, that feels nice, put your fingers inside me," whispered Ingrid who was
adjusting her body to allow Elliot to have maximum access to her vagina.

  "They make Elliott pay double at the whorehouse," said Matt.

  "I'm wet and ready. Let's try," said Ingrid.

  "Here, let's do it dog style, that makes it easier to get it in," said Elliott
who pulled Ingrid into the all fours position. Ingrid's face was on the floor
and her rear was practically pointed toward the ceiling

  "Look at that cute little brown hole," said Elliott as he coated his fingers
with lubricant and stuck his index finger in Ingrid ass hole to his first
knuckle. Ingrid let out a long deep breath followed by a long low moan. Elliot's
fingers were three times the diameters of most men's. Ingrid pushed back to bury
Elliott's finger to the second knuckle.

  "Keep your fingers in my ass while you fuck me," asked Ingrid.

  "May I try some of this," asked Briana as she coated her fingers with the
lubricant. She kept sucking Matt's cock as she pushed her index finger inside
his asshole.

  "Oh, that feels good, finger fuck my ass," groaned Matt as he pulled his knees
to his chest to open his asshole to Briana's fingers. Briana slipped a second
finger inside his anal ring and pressed against the wall of his rectum to locate
his prostate. Briana used both fingers to put pressure on Matt's prostate and
slowly stroke it through the thin flesh wall of his bowels. In a matter of
moments, Matt's cock erupted in Briana's mouth.

  "Now, you can eat me as I watch Elliott fuck Ingrid," announced Briana as she
changed positions so Matt could place his head between her legs and lick her
clitoris.

  "Never come so fast in my life," said Matt between long slow licks of Briana's
pussy.

  "Tell me if it hurts too much," said Elliot as he placed his hands on Ingrid's
hips and began to push forward. Ingrid let out a low deep groan as the cock head
slipped past the opening of her cunt.

  "Ingrid, you okay?" asked Elliott.

  "Yes, keep going. I want it all I don't care how much it hurts," said Ingrid.
Briana saw that her fists were clinched and she was holding desperately on to
the mattress. Elliot's hands tightened on Ingrid's hips as he forced several
more inches inside Ingrid.

  "More, give me more," said Ingrid through clinched teeth.

  "All right, let's see how deep it will go," said Elliott straining to force
his cock further. After it went in about six inches, it stopped. Ingrid was
taking deep breaths. She felt like her insides were going to burst.

  "You've taken half of it. Maybe I should pull out and let you take a break,"
said Elliott.

  "No, give me more," said Ingrid pushing back to bury another inch inside her
body.

  "It's really something to watch, isn't it?" said Matt looking up from between
Briana's legs. His mouth and chin were coated with Briana's juices.

  "This time, go as far as it will reach," said Ingrid reaching between her legs
to play with her clit. She found the effect of her fingers on her clit electric
along with the sensation of the huge cock stretching her vagina. Her physical
senses were reeling from the impact of all that hard male flesh inside her body.

  "Well, don't forget you asked me for it," said Elliott as his hands tightened
on Ingrid's hips and he held her body steady as he slid the last six inches
inside her body. Ingrid was gratified to feel Elliot's giant ball sack touch her
thighs.

  "You got the whole twelve inches," announced Elliott.

  "Now fuck me nice and slow while I masturbate," said Ingrid as she pushed her
butt against Elliott.

  Elliott began slowly but soon picked up speed as he stroked into Ingrid's
stretched pussy. Briana could tell that Ingrid's hand combined with Elliott's
cock had caused Ingrid to start a series of orgasms. Briana enjoyed her first
climax as Matt ate her pussy with wild enthusiasm.

  "Let me fuck you," said Matt.

  "Face to face or on all fours like a bitch in heat," challenged Briana.

  "I want to see your face when my cock reaches the bottom of that sweet little
snatch of your," answered Matt.

  Briana spread her legs and wrapped them around Matt's butt as he climbed on
top of her. After a period of hard fucking, both men climaxed inside the girls.
Ingrid let out a long yellow stream of warm piss as her final convulsing orgasm
combined with the internal pressure of Elliot's cock pressed down on her bladder
causing her to piss a wide yellow puddle on a mattress. Elliot gave Ingrid a
towel to soak up her piss. The four rested for a while then they changed
partners.

  Not wanting to piss on Elliott's mattress, Briana squatted over small metal
trashcan in the corner of the room and relieved herself.

  "There nothing that can get me harder quicker than watching a pretty girl pee
in a bucket. Hold your pussy open so I can see your pee hole," said Elliott who
was slowly stroking himself. Briana pulled her labial lips apart so Elliott
could watch her urinate.

  "Like that?" asked Briana.

  "Yes, exactly like that, here let me clean that little pussy off with my
tongue," said Elliott as he bent forward to lick golden drops of Briana's
urethra.

  "How does it taste?" asked Briana as she felt the warmth of Elliott's tongue
linger on her pisshole.

  "Just like a Tennessee virgin, sweet but strong, flavorful but not bitter,"
said Elliott.

  "Turn around, I'm going to suck your asshole until you're hard again" directed
Briana to Elliott.

  "Goddamn, I think I've died and gone to heaven," said Elliott as he positioned
his butt toward Briana.

  "You feel up to a little butt munching?" Matt asked Ingrid.

  "Yes, let's see how far I can get my tongue up your ass," responded Ingrid who
stuck her long tongue out and twirled it to emphasize her willingness to use her
mouth on Matt's rectum.

  Both girls slowly worked the men's holes with their mouths and fingers until
their sphincter's relaxed and fell open. The girls used their fingers to massage
Matt and Elliott's prostates. In a matter of minutes, both guys were moaning
like bulls with cocks so hard they felt ready to explode.

  "Ready to fuck my pussy, Elliott?" asked Briana.

  "I want it in my ass, Matt, said Ingrid.  

  Elliott fucked Briana while Matt took Ingrid in her ass. Briana's entire body
reacted as she felt Elliott's war club first force open her entrance then expand
her cunt walls until they felt like they were stretched paper thin. When
Elliott's cock was fully buried in Briana hole to its maximum depth, Briana had
the sensation that it had entered parts of her body where no cock had ever been
before. It was somewhere, uterus, cervix, who knew, where cocks did not
ordinarily go.

  When Elliott climaxed, his sperm was left deep inside Briana's body. The girls
spent almost two hours in the small cabin engaged in sex before it was time to
go back up on deck.

  "My pussy is so sore but I wouldn't have missed it for anything," said Briana
as they walked back toward their cabin.

  "I can barely walk but it was a lot of fun. Next time, it will be easier,"
said Ingrid.

  They spent each of the six afternoons the girls were on the ship in Elliot and
Matt's cabin fucking. Three nights they spent with the President. The other
nights they engaged in long slow bouts of pleasant girl sex with Captain Jenkins
and Commander Tate. The Commander had a large collection of marital aids
including a harness that fit around the waist and allowed a female to screw
another female like she was a man. Briana loved to use the harness and dildo to
fuck the other three women.

  The girls confided to Commander Jenkins and Captain Tate about their afternoon
trysts with Matt and Elliot. They also told them about the size of Elliott's
cock. That occasioned an evening where the four women took on the two men in the
girls cabin one night. Captain Jenkins climaxed so forcefully the first time
Elliott screwed her that she lost consciousness.

  Briana wasn't too sure how Lieutenant Perry felt about having to lay under
Captain Jenkins eating her pussy in the sixty-nine position while Commander
Travis's balls rested on his forehead. Briana tried to make sure he enjoyed it
by tongue fucking his asshole while Ingrid sucked his cock.

  Later, the ladies had some very good laughs about the impact of Commander
Travis's penis on their sensitive parts.

  "I feel like Babe Ruth stuck his bat in my twat," laughed Captain Jenkins.

  "Commander Travis certainly hit a home run in my box. I thought it was going
to come out my mouth. I never felt anything like that before," said Commander
Tate.




Chapter 61 - The White House



Please take note! Adults Only Literature

The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written for
adults only.

If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing this
file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
now.

This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
is purely coincidental, etc.

Email HarryBerg01@aol.com with your comments.

Copyright 2004

                                                             ****





  This is part eleven of the time travel that Satan gave to Briana during the
celebration of the Black Mass. Briana has been transported to the final days of
the Third Reich. Ingrid and Briana. The two enjoy themselves in the White House
with the President and First Lady. 



   The voyage to America went smoothly. Ingrid and Briana worked on their
American English when they weren't engaged in sex with the President or his
advisors. The weather was good and the trip uneventful.

  On the final day, Briana was standing alone on the flying bridge of the
Augusta as it entered Atlantic Fleet headquarters at Norfolk, Virginia. Ingrid
and Commander Tate were down below taking turns ridding Commander Elliot's
enormous cock. Lieutenant Perry was most likely shoving his dick into one of
their assholes timing each stroke to complement that of Commander Elliott.
Briana had decided to take a break from screwing the two officers and watch the
arrival of the cruiser into Norfolk.

  It had seemed like half of the British Navy's destroyers had escorted the
Augusta to midway across the Atlantic before a sizeable American destroyer
escort met them.  However that morning, the entire American Atlantic battle
fleet had sailed out to meet the President and escort the cruiser through
Hampton Rhoads and into the port of Norfolk.

  As Briana watched the row of battleships, heavy cruisers, cruisers, and
destroyers surround the Augusta she understood what her father meant when he
said the war was lost when Germany declared war on America immediately after the
Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor.

  "Germany is finished. It's over. We will be crushed," said her father at
breakfast. He was seated at the breakfast table reading the newspaper. Briana
recalled that he was dressed in his Wermacht General's uniform. He was assigned
as the chief of intelligence for Field Marshall Guderin and had just returned
from the Eastern Front.

  "That's defeatist, you should be ashamed. We can beat the Americans," snapped
Briana back at her father.

  "You don't understand. America is an industrial giant. If we shoot down a
hundred bombers a day, they will build five hundred. They will drown us in men
and equipment. They will produce war material on a scale never before seen. The
war is lost."

  Briana had yelled, "Traitor," at her father and ran from the room. "I must
apologize," thought Briana, "Father was correct. The Americans were far too
strong for Germany. The Communists could never have defeated Germany without the
American's Spam."

  Briana as she watched the enormous fleet crash through the waves realized how
right her father was. It had been a wonderful voyage. Both girls for the first
time in months fell safe and relaxed. The sex had been better than satisfying.
They had perfected their American English. Briana had worked diligently with
Ingrid to remove any trace of a German accent.

  "Shit, you two sound like you were born in Missouri," announced the President
one night when the three of them were curled up in bed after a session of hard
fucking. The President had added immeasurably to the girl's knowledge of
American slang. He had started off the evening using one of his favorites.

  "You two little darlings get naked and give your daddy some poontang," said
the President as soon as the girls entered his stateroom.

  "Daddy, your little girls' twat needs your big pecker inside. Can Briana and I
suck you off and swallow your jism?" said Ingrid joining in the filthy language
that seemed to give the President an instant hardon in spite of his fifty-seven
years.

  President Truman's wife, Bess, was extremely hospitable and warm toward the
two girls. On their first night in the White House, the First Lady had invited
the girls to sleep in her bed. Although Bess Truman was in her mid fifties, she
and the girls engaged in four continuous hours of lesbian sex. Commander Tate
had warned the girls that the First Lady was a fifty-five year-old matron with
the libido of an eighteen-year-old streetwalker. The President decided to sleep
elsewhere.

  "I'm sleeping in the Lincoln Bedroom. It'll give you a chance to get to know
the girls. I'm tired and need to rest. Big day tomorrow," said the President
leaving Bess and the girls lying naked across the bed. Bess Truman had a large
collection of sex toys. The most recent were a gift from the Queen of England
who had acquired them from the English Viceroy in India. The girls watched as
Bess opened a large ornately carved wooden box.

  "Harry brought this back with him on the Augusta" announced Bess as she pulled
a wooden box out from underneath the bed.

  First, Bess showed the girls a beautifully illustrated version of the Kama
Sutra.

  "Of course, the Kama Sutra is the classic how to manual for good sex of all
kinds. But this part focuses on sex between women. You two find something that
looks interesting that the three of us can do and we'll give it a try,"
announced the First Lady.

  The box also contained all the necessary sex toys to perform the sexual
practices depicted in the book itself. The Indian sex toys were modeled after
those in the book. Briana and Bess began by pushing a tapered dildo containing
rings of soft rubber up Ingrid rectum while they licked her clitoris and pussy.
When the last ring popped inside Ingrid's anal ring, Ingrid let out a satisfied
moan.

  "Oh my God that feels heavenly, I'm going to cum and keep cumming until my
brain turns to pudding," moaned Ingrid.

  After Ingrid was satisfied, the girls took a slightly larger version of the
ringed anal plug and slipped it into the First Lady's rectum.

  During the four hours, the three had worked their ways through that part of
the Kama Sutra that dealt with lesbian sex. The girls and the first lady
fastened leather harnesses around their waist and then took turns trying
different size and shaped dildos that mounted on the front of the harness. 
Briana loved the feeling of having Ingrid fuck her pussy while Bess worked a
smaller dildo in her asshole.

  At one point, the two girls were slamming nine-inch rubber dongs into Bess'
pussy as Bess let out little whooping sounds each time the dildos reached
bottom.

  It was three days after they reached the White House when the President and
First Lady arranged an orgy in their living quarters of the East Wing of the
White House. It was a select crew of Presidential advisors who usually
participated in the Truman's orgies.   Commander Elliot and Lieutenant Perry had
been invited along with Captain Jenkins and Commander Tate. An old friend of the
President's Admiral Barney Kellogg attended along with the President and First
Lady's daughter, Margaret. Margaret had just returned from a trip to visit her
fiance in New York. The girls had been surprised at how frankly mother and
daughter discussed her sex life when they all first met at breakfast, the day
the orgy was scheduled.

  "Did you get enough of Clifton's big dick while you were in New York?"
casually asked the First Lady.

  "Yes, I took it in every hole. We had a blast. He took me to the most
outrageous club in Harlem. I had a delirious time. He and this black musician,
Burl, played a game of eight ball to see who got to fuck the other's girl and of
course Clifton lost. Burl screwed me right on the table while everyone watched.
Clifton was drunk out of his mind so he started charging everyone $2.00 for a
piece of my ass."

  "How much did you make," asked Bess?

  "Who the fuck knows? That bastard Clifton kept it all. I was on that table for
a good two hours. Then Burl throws his girl, Minnie, on the table and we eat
each other while the guys jerk off on us. You never saw so much nigger cum,"
laughed Margaret.

  "We're giving Briana and Ingrid a party tonight to celebrate their safe escape
from Communism. Tell Clifton to get on a train and come down," said Bess.

  Briana was fucking Lt. Perry as she watched the orgy. She was bent over on all
fours. As Matt fucked her pussy, he worked two fingers in and out her asshole.

  The President was in drag. Wearing a blonde wig and a green silk dress, Harry
Truman was seated on Admiral Kellogg's lap heavily making out as the Admiral's
hand was stroking the President's cock under his skirt. The President was
heavily made up and there was lipstick smeared all over the Admiral's face.
Everyone had been instructed by the First Lady to call the President by the name
"Helen".

  "Helen, stand up and bend over. I'm going to fuck you in your man pussy," said
the Admiral as he stood up forcing to his feet.

  "I want that big cock of yours in my man pussy," said Helen as she bent over
bracing his arms on the chair. The Admiral slowly raised the green skirt to
where it passed the top of his hose and exposed his dark green panties.

  The Admiral pulled Helen's panties down then pulled her butt cheeks apart to
expose Helen's asshole.

  "Turn around and suck me and get my cock wet," said the Admiral. Helen took
the Admiral's tool in one hand and gave it a long slow lick then engulfed the
large red head in her mouth.

  On the other side of the room, Margaret Truman had been tied in a position
that Briana would have thought would be terribly uncomfortable. She was lying on
her back naked on a mattress on the floor. Her legs were bent at the knee joints
back under her thighs. Leather straps tightly contracted her legs to the point
that the soles of her feet rested against her buttocks. Rope was attached to the
leather belting around her legs to pull them as wide apart as they would
stretch.

  "Margaret, you look obscenely available. Like some whore trying to tell the
world to come and take all the pussy they want," said Bess.

  "That's the idea, Mother. Anybody who wants can fuck me. It is here and it's
ready. Just shove it in," responded Margaret.

  "I going to go get some of the Secret Service and let them have you," said
Bess as she walked to the door and said something to a guard standing outside. A
few minutes later, there were half dozen members of the Secret Service standing
around Margaret's mattress taking turns fucking her.

  Briana had never felt so relaxed and happy. Ingrid was mounted on Commander's
Travis giant cock while Margaret's fiance Clifton was pushing his cock into her
ass.  Briana turned to kiss Lt. Perry and pull his cock deeper into her when she
realized she was no longer in the White House having sex with the Truman's.

  Briana was back on the dirt floor of the Barker's equipment building in Iowa.
Her vision was over. Briana heard a scream and looked over to see Ingrid being
sweep up in the arms of a winged creature. Ingrid was screaming from fear as the
creature forced his cock into her vagina. Briana felt a claw like hand grab each
of her ankles and violently force her legs apart to the point that her hip
joints screamed. Something alive moved between her legs. It was a kind of cock
but it was covered with sharp ridges and it seemed to have a movement of its
own. Pain engulfed Briana's body as the cock probed between her legs until it
found her opening. Briana looked into the black eyes of the creature
effortlessly holding her. She smelled the foul stench of the creature's breath
and opened her mouth to receive the creature's tongue that felt more bone and
gristle than any tongue she had experienced.

  The creature rose up and emitted a howl that caused Briana's eardrums to ache.
Briana screamed as his cock coursed like a lightening bolt far up into her body.
It traveled further than she though possible. Her vagina burned as the walls
came in contact with the creature's cock. The creature began to fuck Briana in a
violent motion that made her entire body convulse as if it was subjected to
powerful electric shocks. The pain almost instantly turned to pleasure. Briana
forced her vagina forward to meet the creature's cock. She found herself
straining to get the cock deeper into her body.

  Briana looked over to see her mother in the embrace of a far larger creature.
Briana was awestruck at the size of beast and the roars it was making as it
forced its cock into Candace. Briana was overcome with pride in her mother as
she watched the muscles in her mother's arms and legs contract to pull Lucifer's
cock deep within her body. Briana redoubled her own efforts to give herself to
the creature between her legs. She realized that all around her, creatures from
Hell were copulating with those humans loyal to Satan.

  Briana sounded a cry of triumph as a powerful orgasm approached. To one side,
she heard her mother answer with her own scream that welcomed her hellish
orgasm.




Chapter 62 - Senator's Night Out.



Please take note! Adults Only Literature

The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written for
adults only.

If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing this
file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
now.

This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
is purely coincidental, etc.

Email HarryBerg01@aol.com with your comments.

Copyright 2004

                                                             ****

  Candace eased Dan's Mercedes-Benz 500SL roadster into an open parking place on
Pleasant Street in downtown Worcester, MA. The illuminated dash clock read
8:45PM. The drive from her home in Lynnfield had taken less than an hour.

  Candace looked in the mirror to check her disguise. A rinse had turned her
normally golden blonde hair to a strawberry blonde. Clear contacts had
transformed her blue eyes to an emerald green. Her hair was teased out and she
was wearing cheap costume jewelry she'd borrowed from Briana.

  Damn my nipples are hard already and nothing's happened yet realized Candace
looking down at the two hard bumps showing through the thin cotton top. The knit
skirt had ridden up to her crotch during the drive. I look like a whore on the
make which is exactly what I am. I'm ready to go inside and get fucked. I want
it down and as dirty as I can make it.

  Driving was enjoyable thought Candace as she walked toward the theatre
entrance. I never drive myself anymore. Now I always travel by limousines,
helicopters, and planes. Come to think of it, I don't even have a car to call my
own. Driving was something she had loved since she first got her license. While
zooming along the interstate at a conservative ten miles above the speed limit
(it wouldn't do for a US Senator to be arrested for speeding), she had realized
how much she missed it.

  It had been right after lunch that Saturday afternoon when Candace decided she
needed to get off by herself. She realized she couldn't just disappear.

  "I'm going out tonight," Candace informed Rhonda.

  "I'll tell Sybil to make sure your car is ready."

  "I want to drive myself. I'll borrow one of Dan's cars."

  "Kelly and Inez can follow in the Suburban."

  "Don't take this wrong, but I need some time to myself. I have this desire to
prowl like a lone she-wolf. I need a break from my routine."

  "I understand. We all need time to ourselves. I could come along to watch your
back. I'd stay out of the way."

  "No, you're always looking out for me. But I need to be on my own somewhere no
one knows me as a US Senator. People making sure that my every desire is
satisfied always surround me. Everyone works so hard to see that I lack for
nothing. I need an evening where I'm just like anybody else."

  "All right, just be careful. If I didn't know better, I'd say a certain
she-wolf is horny and intends to prey on the weaker sex."

  "Maybe that's it. I just need some fresh cock, a lot of it. Actually I don't
want it fresh. I want it dirty and unwashed."

  "I know the feeling. Last week, I went down to P-town and picked up these two
big-boned girls who weren't in to personal hygiene. I had a ball.  Just keep
your cell phone with you."

  "Will do."

  After lunch, Candace asked Dan to borrow his car.

  "I'm going out tonight on a solo foray. Can I borrow one of your cars?"

  "Sure, take the 500SL, the dealer serviced it yesterday and it handles like a
dream." The car was a recent gift from Candace to Dan to celebrate his promotion
to CEO of the Raytheon Corporation.

  "What are you planning for the evening?"

  "Watch a movie with Briana and the boys. We'll watch a Hollywood movie first
then a Brazilian scat film. Lars said it was pretty decent. If no one wants to
watch pretty young Brazilian girls eat each other's shit, he also sent another
rape and torture DVD. "

  "The last one he sent was pretty hot," said Candace.

  "You mean the one where the Serbs gang rape the Bosnian girls while their
families watch," said Candace.

  "Yes, that one got everyone in the mood including you," said Dan.

  "Made me wish I was there with Milosevic's black shirts," said Candace.

  "How's our little mother-to-be doing? She's been a little cranky lately. She
says the baby is kicking at night keeping her up," said Dan.

  "She's getting along well for fifteen and pregnant with the Master's spawn.
I'm very proud of her. It's exciting to believe that our granddaughter will rule
this earth," said Candace.

  "The boys treat her like a goddess and she's been very nice to them in return.
After being raised on a steady diet of girl sex with Maria Consuela and Anna
Estelle plus all those Amazons, she loves the idea of having five brothers to
have intercourse with. She and her friends Gloria, Ingrid, and Gillian spent all
morning getting drilled by the boys. They wore them out," said Dan pointing
toward a sleepy looking Mathew, Mark, Luke, and John. Even Peter looked tired.

  "I suppose you helped out."

  "I'm almost too old for that kind of romper room action. I did give Gillian a
tumble. Have you taken a close look at the size of her knockers? What's the
future for a fifteen year old girl with a Double D bust?"

  "Double F or breast reduction surgery," responded Candace.

  Candace returned to her study and began searching the Web for something
interesting to do that night. She spent some time with her Web browser before
she found what she seeking. Saturday night was Couples Night at the New Art
Cinema in Worcester, MA. Single women were also very welcome according to the
Web banner. Worcester was a good sixty miles away but that meant she was less
likely to be recognized. Worcester was a blue-collar town with a raunchier
reputation than Boston.

   Candace had read an article about how the few remaining "art" theatres had
become centers for illicit, casual sex. Before the days of home videocassette
and DVD players, there were thousands of movie theatres where men went to watch
XXX features and masturbate or engage in oral sex. Today, there were only a few
of these theatres remaining and they were located in the depressed downtown
areas of large cities.

  The clientele had changed also. It was no longer limited to old men jerking
off to hard-core porn and giving or getting the occasional blowjob. Single women
and couples were showing up for group encounters. There were stories on the Web
about men taking their wives or girl friends there to watch them get gangbanged
by the other patrons.

  I could use a gangbang where the guys think I'm just another cock hungry whore
who wants her pussy stuffed decided Candace. I want it to be down and dirty. The
kind where the men mount me, and shoot their load then climb off so another guy
can take their place. I want blue-collar types that don't bathe that often.

  Candace downloaded several MPEG files from the New Art Cinema Web site. They
showed what happened inside the theatre. Candace watched as her computer screen
displayed a dimly lit video of a girl on her knees sucking one cock while giving
two hand jobs. Men playing with their cocks surrounded the girl. The guys kept
leaning in to feel her tits. The girl would finish sucking one cock and have it
immediately replaced with another. At the end several men squirted semen on her
face and hair.

  "Now that's exactly the kind of sex I want, anonymous, soulless," whispered
Candace to herself.

  Another MPEG file showed a different girl kneeling on a theatre seat taking it
from the rear while she sucked the huge cock of a black man standing in the row
behind her.  An MPEG titled "Gloryhole" displayed a young brunette sucking a
cock poking through a hole in the wall. At the end of the MPEG, the cock shot
cum all over the girl's face. The idea of sucking an anonymous cock through a
small hole in the wall excited Candace.

  Dirty, impersonal, sex with total strangers, the more sordid the better. Why
does the idea turn me on? I suppose because its something I've never done before
decided Candace.

  After dinner, Candace dressed to go out.  I want to look like a trollop
thought Candace as she walked into her closet. She picked out a simple white
cotton tank shirt and a short green skirt. The shirt was Egyptian cotton and
very thin and clinging.  Her nipples were plainly visible through the white
gauzy material. The knit skirt was tight and didn't quite reach mid thigh. The
knit material hugged her rear. At first, Candace slipped on a pair of raw silk
thong panties that she bought at a La Perla boutique in Miami. She took them off
when she decided that she was more turned on by the idea of her sex being
covered only by the thin material of the skirt. I want to be able to pull up my
skirt and say, "Come on guys, here's my pussy, take what you want." Candace
stood in front of the mirror and raised her skirt as she pictured herself doing
at the New Art. Being able to raise the skirt and show her hairless cunt excited
her.

  "Exhibitionism is something I've never tried before. Tonight, I want to look,
feel, think, and act like a slut," said Candace to her image in the mirror.

  She selected a pair of gold strap slings with a four-inch heel. She went to
Briana's room and borrowed several pieces of cheap gaudy jewelry.  Candace
devoted some time to applying more make-up than usual. "I'm after that street
walker look," said Candace to herself in the mirror as she brushed on a thick
layer of eyeliner. Candace teased out her hair to where anyone who saw her
standing at the curb waving to Johns would have thought she fit in. She'd
already applied a rinse to temporarily change her hair color.

  "Down to my bare essentials," said Candace to herself as once again she pulled
up the hem of the medium green skirt to expose her pussy. Candace licked a
finger and passed it over her clit.

  "Oh God that feels good. Strange mood I'm in. This girl definitely needs
something different tonight," said Candace aloud.

  On her way out, Candace stopped by the Audio Visual Room where Dan was queuing
the DVD player to show a movie just released to the theatres that week. The kids
were seated in the large comfortable movie theatre chairs used to furnish the
room. Of all the perks that came with being a US Senator, the one that impressed
Dan the most was the weekly arrival of DVD's scheduled to begin showing in the
movie theatres in a few days.

  Briana spotted her mother first and ran to give her a hug.

  "You look beautiful, Mommy. Are you going to watch Matrix III with us?"

  "No, Mommy's going out for a while on a personal matter. You and your brothers
stay here with Daddy and watch the movie. Where's Peter?"

  "Peter's gone with Mandy to a party. I think he's in love. When I asked him
whether she was any good in bed, he got all red in the face and said, "Mandy's
not ready for that to happen." I think she's just a slut who's playing him."

  "Well, learning how to manage his women is something that Peter has to learn
for himself."

  "That's a different look," said Dan walking up to embrace Candace. He placed
one hand on her rear and cupped her buttocks and squeezed. Candace felt his cock
press against her pubic region. For a moment, she considered staying home and
screwing Dan and her sons. But she decided she needed an adventure. Something
different was required.

  "No bra and no britches, someone is going to get lucky tonight," said Dan.

  "It better be me. I need some strange. Is that little red head with the
enormous chest, Gillian?"

  "Yes, she's very anxious to have another go with me?"

  "What fifteen year old girl wouldn't want that inside her?" asked Candace was
she felt Dan's cock through his slacks.

  "I had to promise to fuck her again."

  "Tough job but somebody's got to do it. I'd love to watch you two."

  "That thought makes me horny. I'll pretend your watching as I screw her
senseless."

  "Well, save some for your wife," said Candace as she followed up her words
with a kiss.

  Candace kissed the boys good night. Briana introduced her to Gloria and
Gillian.

  "Your husband is so nice," gushed Gillian.

   Briana walked Candace to the front door. She passed her hand over her
mother's bottom as they reached the front door.

  "Mommy's not wearing any underpants," stated Briana.

  "Mommy's feeling adventurous tonight."

  "Take me with you. I'm so bored with having sex with my brothers."

  "Not this time, sweetheart, you have to be eighteen to get in."

  "You can fix that. Just tell them you're a Senator."

  "Not being a Senator is the point tonight. I don't want to be treated like
something special."

  "Well, since I can't go tonight, next time, I'm in Washington, will you take
me to see the Sergeant? I'm dying to fuck him again," asked Briana.

  "Let me think about that. Sergeant Lasker is very well endowed. Maybe you
could fuck Lieutenant Claiborne. You have to take care of the baby."

  "The one with no arms and legs?"

  "Yes, its unusual sex but he's very sweet."

  "That'll be neat to do a man with no arms or legs. I bet none of my friends
has done that. Can I watch you and the Sergeant after I screw the Lieutenant?"

  "Yes, you can watch. You can even help me. The head of the hospital is a
lesbian and you can do her also."

  "That would be great mommy, have a nice time," said Briana returning to join
the others.

  Candace walked outside to find Rhonda holding open the car door. The silver
500SL glistened in the moonlight.

  "If the men of this state knew that Candace, the she-wolf, was on the prowl
tonight, they'd stay in their homes and tremble in fear."

  "I'm only going to fuck them not kill and eat them," responded Candace.

  "I see we're not wearing panties tonight. There's a clear statement of your
intent to allow easy access to your female parts."

  "My God is it that obvious? Dan and Briana both commented on my bareness."

  "The skirt's short and tight, no panty line."

  "I want it to look easy. And I want it quick without a lot of hassle.  I'm
interested in quantity not quality tonight."

  "There a Glock 19 concealed in the glove box with a couple of extra clips.
There's also two hundred dollars."

  "I'm going fucking not shooting. Thanks for remembering about the money
though. I always forget to carry some."

  "Just in case you need it."

  "I'll be back sometime after midnight."

  Candace drove down Highway 128 exited onto the Mass Pike. She drove west for
thirty miles in I-290. She took the exit for downtown Worcester and followed the
Mapquest directions to Pleasant Street.  The neighborhood did look a little
rough. Candace gave a passing thought whether the car would be there when she
came back out. Parking a car like the 500SL on the street was possibly not the
wisest decision. Candace looked around but couldn't see a parking garage.

  The car had a reasonably good anti-theft system but Candace knew that a
professional could drive away with the $125,000 automobile in less than ninety
seconds.

  "It's insured," thought Candace deciding not to worry. If the car was stolen,
she'd call Rhonda and they'd send a car to pick her up.

  Candace studied the front of the New Art Cinema. The marquis read "Open
10:00AM Close Midnight Continuous Showing". The front of the building looked
shabby and run down. Candace watched as a middle aged couple walked in. They
exchanged some friendly remarks with the fat lady in the ticket both. They must
be regulars decided Candace.

  Candace approached the ticket booth. The heavyset woman was wearing a cheap
wig of curly cold black hair. In spite of the wig, Candace would have guessed
her age at between fifty and sixty. A thin mustache covered her upper lip. There
was a dark brown mole with several protruding hairs at the corner of her mouth.
She was reading a paperback romance novel. There was a picture of an
eighteenth-century heroine about to be ravaged by pirates on the cover.

  "One please," stated Candace

  "Single ladies and couples are free after 6:00 on weekends." The lady said as
she glanced up from her book. She looked Candace over carefully before she spoke
again.

  "Go right in honey, there's plenty of what you're looking for inside."

  Candace thought she saw the woman's hand slip underneath the counter for a
second. Candace walked across the space behind the ticket booth and entered the
lobby through the one of eight doors marked "Enter Here." Candace recognized
that at one time, the New Art was one of those elaborate downtown art deco movie
palaces built in the 1930's. It had definitely seen better days. The carpet was
worn through in places and repairs were made with duct tape. Words like "seedy"
and "run down" best described the current condition of the New Art. It smelled
like mold, carpet cleaner, and disinfectant.

   A chubby girl wearing Goth clothes and makeup was seated behind the
concession stand. The girl had at least eight studs in each ear. There was a
safety pin in her eyebrow. A large CZ stud decorated her nostril. When she
opened her mouth, there were two metal studs in the tip of her tongue. Candace
also noted a slight resemblance to the lady in the Ticket Booth. Maybe the New
Art's a family business thought Candace. The Goth girl looked up from her copy
of Teen People magazine as Candace approached.

  "Small diet coke," said Candace.

  "Something to get the taste out of your mouth," said the girl as she filled a
paper cup with ice and pressed the button on the drink dispenser. Candace
surmised that the girl was referring to the taste of semen.

  "I like the taste," responded Candace handing the girl a $50.

  "I don't have change," answered the girl.

  "Keep it," said Candace taking the drink and starting to walk toward the
theatre entrance.

 "Thanks," said the girl looking totally shocked.

  "Where does a girl take a piss?" asked Candace. "I had a long drive."

  "The Ladies Room is closed. Use the Men's room if you can stand the smell and
the company," said the girl pointing toward a sign that read Men's Room. It was
supposed to be lighted but the bulb had burned out two years ago and hadn't been
replaced.

  Candace walked down the narrow curved steps to the basement restroom. As she
descended the final steps the smell of urine and excrement was overwhelming. As
she entered the dimly lighted room, she saw there was a man standing at one of
the urinals. A misshapen gnome like creature was sucking his cock. Candace's saw
that the man was not kneeling. He had no legs. Two small flipper-like feet
rested on a wooden board equipped with carpet coasters. He was moving the board
back and forth a few inches with body motion as he sucked the standing man's
cock.

  "Come on Kenny. Suck that dick. You want some pecker juice. Don't you?" said
the standing man.

  "Yeah, Earl, give old Kenny some juice," said Kenny.

  Candace saw there were three stalls. The middle stall had no door and the
doors of the other two were closed. 

  "Well, Kenny look what we have here,' said Earl noticing that Candace had
entered.

  "Just another whore," said Kenny glancing sideways all the while keeping
Earl's cock in his mouth.

  "Pretty decent looking one thought. What do you need sweetheart?" said Earl.

  "Pee," said Candace.

  "Hey guys, we got us a piss queen," announced Earl.

  One of the stall doors swung opened. Candace looked inside and saw there were
two men engaged in sodomy. A scrawny naked kid his body covered with tattoos was
squatted over an enormous black man on the commode. The kid was raising and
lowering his body. Candace could see that bottom man's cock sliding in an out of
the kid's ass. The kid was jerking his pierced cock. The Prince Albert glinted
in the pale light.

  "Want some of this, lady?' said the kid fisting his cock at her.

  "Let me piss first," said Candace going in the middle stall. Candace used her
foot to flush the full and reeking commode then hiked up her skirt and sat down
on the broken toilet seat. She noisily released her bladder.

  "Love that sound," said Earl. "Nothing louder and hotter than a woman taking a
well deserved pee."

  Suck my dick," said someone in the closed stall. At that moment, a fully erect
cock appeared through the hole in the partition separating the two stalls.
Candace reached out and took the warm cock in her hand and stroked it.

  "Put your mouth on it bitch," yelled a voice.

  Candace leaned over and licked the cock head her nose capturing the aroma of
unwashed flesh.

  "That's right. Hey Earl, what's she look like?" said the voice of the man
whose dick Candace was sucking.

  "Damn good, better than we usually get here at the New Art," said Earl.

  "That ain't saying much. Most of the New Art whores are pigs," said the voice.
"She's suck's pretty good."

  Candace found the idea of sucking cock through a gloryhole a turn on. She
reached between her legs and ran her fingers over her urethra wetting them with
her own urine. Then she began to massage her clit with her pee soaked fingers.

  "What's your name, whore," asked Earl.

  "Candy," said Candace.

  "She's a hot one. She's jerking off while she sucks you, Sam,' said Earl.

  "No shit, go ahead Candy, suck that juice right out and swallow Sam's hot
load," said Sam.

  Candace jerked herself off as she sucked Sam's cock through the gloryhole.

  "This bitch had talent. I'm going to blow," announced Sam.

  Moments later, Candace felt her mouth fill with a warm salty fluid. To Candace
there was something terribly wonderful and satisfying about the sensation of
sperm in her mouth. She captured all Sam had to offer holding it on her tongue
and savoring it before she opened her throat and swallowed. Candace moaned as
she reveled in the feeling of the liquid as it passed down her esophagus into
her belly.

  "How was it, Sam?" asked Earl.

  "Fucking good," said Sam.

  Candace heard movement in the other stall. All of a sudden the skinny kid with
the Prince Albert was in front of her. The very large black man who still had
his cock in the kid's ass was holding him off the ground. The man was slowly
pumping away as he pounded his cock inside the boy's ass holding him easily in a
crouch.

  "Suck Billie's dick while I fuck his ass," boomed the man.

  "Yeah, that's cool, Amos, make the whore suck Billie while you butt fuck him,"
said Earl.

  Candace took Billie's cock in her mouth enjoying how the Prince Albert made
his cock feel.

  "That one's a nympho," said Earl. "She's on something, probably a speedball or
PCP,"

  "Suck Billie good, Candy, or I'll beat the shit out of you," said Amos.

  "Better do as Amos say, Candy. Last whore that disappointed him lost most of
her teeth," said Earl.

  Candace reached one hand through Billie's legs and took a grip on his balls as
she sucked his pierced cock. She reached her other hand between Billie's legs
and grabbed Amos's ball sack. She massaged both sets of nuts as she sucked
Billie's cock.

  "Cunt's too scared not to cooperate," said Amos. "She'd pretty though. Afraid
to get her nose flattened and lose those straight even pearly whites."

  "The pretty ones scare easier. They got something to lose if Big Amos goes to
work on their kisser with his fists. How's she doing, Billie?" said Amos.

  "She's terrific. I'm about to squirt," said Billie breathing rapidly.

  Moments later, Candace swallowed her second helping of fresh semen.

  "I think I'll try some of that,' said Amos discarding Billie into a heap on
the tile floor. "Candy, is your ass nice and tight? Little Billie's rear has
taken one too many butt fucks. He's loose as a five dollar whore's pussy."

  "Yes, I'm tight," said Candace.

  "And you don't mind the fact that my Johnson is all covered in Billie's shit?"

  "The nastier the better. Put it in my shit hole," said Candy. 

  "Turn around bend over and grab the rim. Candy," said Amos stepping into the
stall.

  Candace saw and smelled the long brown streaks of shit that coated Amos's
cock. She slowly stood up and turned around. She hiked her skirt up to expose
her ass then placed her hands on the rim of the toilet bowl. The strong smell of
her own urine assaulted her nostrils. She heard Amos hawk a gob of spit into his
hand then felt the blunt cock head push against her sphincter. She moaned as her
asshole opened and she felt the large cock travel into her rectum. Amos placed
his hands on her hips.

  "Nothing like using another man's shit for lube," said Amos grabbing Candace's
hips in his giant hands clinching her tight to hurt her.

  "Oh fuck that's good," said Candace as Amos' cock slid all the way home and
she felt his balls smack against her pussy lips.

  "Spank your ass to get you going," said Amos landing an open palmed slap
against Candace's buttocks.

  "Harder, Nigger, harder, is that the best you can do. I want to be nigger
fucked," said Candace.

  "Hey, Candy, that wasn't very nice. Amos, Candy's new here. She didn't mean
anything," said Earl.

  "Yeah, Amos like in Amos and Andy, I thought all niggers were studs. You just
another limp dick bastard who can't handle white pussy. You call that butt
fucking. Every white dude in Worcester can screw me in the ass better than you,"
said Candace giving Amos's cock a powerful squeeze.

  "You fucking white whore. When I'm through banging your white ass until it
bleeds, I'm going to work on your face. You won't be able to buy a fuck when I'm
done," said Amos delivering repeated powerful slaps to Candace's flanks as he
fucked her with all the violence and brutality he could muster.

  Finally Amos let out a howl and unloaded his semen as he slammed his open palm
against Candace's buttocks. Candace remained bent over the commode savoring the
feeling of semen trickling out of her rectum.

  "Now, let's see how much you like to call me a nigger after I make you swallow
your teeth," said Amos reaching out to put is hands on Candace's shoulders and
turning her around to face him.

  Candace reached down and grabbed Amos by the base of his nuts and lifted him
off the ground with one hand. The other hand she wrapped around his throat
choking him. Amos wailed in pain as her iron grip crushed his balls.

  "Fuck, you see that. She's lifted him off the floor," said Kenny. "That's
impossible."

  Candace held Amos steady as she looked in his eyes and spoke.

  "Sit down on the commode. When I bend over, I want you to suck your jism and
Billie's shit out of my asshole. Or I will rip your cock off and make you
swallow it. Understand?"

  Candace gave Amos's balls a powerful squeeze causing the big man to scream.

  "Yeah, I'll do it," said Amos as soon as he got his breath. "Anything you
say."

  Candace stepped aside as Amos sat down on the commode. She bent over and
spread her buttocks.

  "Get your tongue in there and suck my ass until I tell you to stop," said
Candace.

  Amos was so frightened he did not hesitate to put his mouth on Candace's still
open anus and start to suck the contents into his own mouth and swallow it.

  "That's right, Amos. Suck my ass clean. Earl come over her so I can blow you
while Amos rims me. Kenny, roll over and eat my pussy."

  Both men immediately complied. Kenny put his knuckles on the tile floor and
used them to propel himself under Earl. He put his mouth on Candace's pussy and
started licking. Right above his head he heard Candace's giving Earl a noisy
blowjob.

  It wasn't long before Candace accepted Earl's sperm. The sensations were so
intense that Candace climaxed. As she did she sounded a loud roar that shook the
entire room. Tiles cracked and the mirrors shattered.

  When she stood up. Amos had collapsed back against the toilet tank. Candace
walked over to the sink. She wet a handful of paper towels and washed her ass
and her pussy.

  "Guys, it's been fun but I need to check out the movie," said Candace walking
toward the stairs.




Chapter 63 - Manager's Couch



Please take note! Adults Only Literature

The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written for
adults only.

If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing this
file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
now.

This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
is purely coincidental, etc.

Email HarryBerg01@aol.com with your comments.

Copyright 2004

                                                             ****



  "Not so fast, sweetheart," said a high-pitched male voice behind Candace.
Candace had just returned from a very satisfying group fuck with the quasi-human
creatures that inhabited the Men's Room. Candace felt a male hand roughly grasp
the back of her arm and pull her away from the theatre door she was about to
enter. Candace spun around to confront a tall skinny man dressed in a
cheap-looking brown plaid suit. Candace almost laughed out loud when she saw the
white loafers and matching white belt. There was a large grease spot in the
middle of his clip-on yellow tie. A copper colored badge that read "Roy Stevens
- Mgr" was pinned to his breast pocket. Candace relaxed, putting aside her urge
to break the man's arm.

  "Is there a problem, Roy?"

  "Yeah, we don't allow pro's in the theatre. It pisses off the customers who
come for the freebies."

  "I'm not a prostitute," responded Candace deciding that she may have overdone
it with the streetwalker look.

  "Sure, you just happen to look like one. Let's sort this out in the office."

   The Manager didn't wait for Candace to agree. He applied a lot of pressure to
her upper arm as he guided her toward a door marked "Manager" located directly
behind the concession booth. It was just a few steps. The girl behind the
concession stand smiled knowingly at Candace as she walked by.

  "I said I'm not a prostitute," Candace said with some emphasis as they entered
the office. The furnishings weren't much: an old beat up wooden desk with a
swivel desk chair, a couple of plastic straight chairs, a well worn leather
couch with some major tears in the fabric and a filing cabinet. The stuff looked
as old as the theatre.

  "You're just going to give pussy away cause you're the Good Samaritan."

  "I hadn't decided. Maybe, I'll just watch a movie and jerk off," said Candace.

  "Oh, so you're a Rod Stryker fan?"

  "Who's Rod Stryker?" asked Candace.

  "The star of tonight's film, Boot Camp Orgy. It's twelve inches and thick as a
man's forearm. He drives the queers crazy. It's a twink buster. The twinks in
the boot camp whine like little girls when Rod splits their asshole open. A
couple of them can't close their shitter after he takes the snap out of their
O-ring. "

  "Never heard of him but if he's got twelve inches I'm interested. My shitter
has taken twelve inches before and it still works."

  "You've got a smart mouth," said Roy leaning in to Candace to rub his groin
against her.

  "And you prefer your women dumb, too bad," said Candace pushing her pubic
mound against Roy and moving in a circle to arouse him.

  "Stupid cunt, I have a way to make you keep that smart little mouth shut. Have
you heard of Sergeant Lobetti?"

  "No, what movie is he in?"

  "Bitch, you better watch that mouth of yours. Lobetti's Worcester PD and an
old army buddy of mine. You wouldn't like him though. He plays rough with street
whores that harass legitimate businesses. After he sticks his billy club up your
ass and make you lick your shit off it, you'll learn some respect."

  Candace was giving serious thought to killing the Manager, Concession Girl and
the woman in the Ticket Booth. It would have been easy. There were no security
CCTV cameras. She was almost certain she could get away with it. But on the
other hand, she was out for sexual adventure and this unexpected turn of events
was providing it. Candace decided to take a different tack with Roy.

  "Why would you do that? I'm not a hooker. I just came here tonight to check
things out. Maybe I'll decide to do the same thing others come here for. See, I
didn't wear any panties," said Candace as she raised her skirt and exposed
herself. The way that Roy's eyes immediately focused on her sex turned Candace
on.

  "Look, you're not the first whore who thought she could make a few bucks off
those perverts sitting in the audience. You're way too hot to be one of hogs
that come here to get plowed. We don't get amateurs here who look as good as
you," said Roy looking a little uncertain.

  "Let me repeat myself. I'm not a hooker. I do not intend to charge anyone for
sex. I read about the New Art on the WEB and decided I wanted the kind of sex
this place provided. You're right about me being a whore though. I love to
fuck," Candace stuck one finger in her mouth then reached down to rub the saliva
on her clit.

  "I still say you're just some crack whore trying to make a few dollars to buy
a couple of rocks. But there's a way you can prove you're not lying," said Roy
unconsciously reaching down to grab his crotch.

  "How can I prove it, Roy?" said Candace turning her body sideways and pulling
her skirt further up to expose her rear.

  "Suck my dick for free."

  "Don't you want to fuck me, too?" said Candace leaning slightly back on the
desk and pulling her labia apart. "You can put your cock in my pussy."

  "You better not be bull shitting me. Lobetti is only five minutes away. We're
three blocks from the station."

  "There are laws against forcing women to have sex. The law against anal
intercourse is still on the books here in Massachusetts," said Candace turning
further around and pulling her buttock apart to expose her anus.

  "I'm serious. I had some cunt from the burbs in here last month. She was a
cock teaser. Walked around shining her pussy and talking like a nympho but it
was all for show. Turned out she was a schoolteacher from Medford acting out her
fantasy. She brought along her husband to run interference in case anyone
thought she was serious. Some of our film loving patrons complained," said Roy.

  "So you called your old Army buddy," said Candace pushing one finger into her
pussy and moaning slightly.

  "Fucking A I did. Lobetti put his sap up side the husband's head. We let the
queers strip him naked and tie him over a chair back. They had a three hour
bareback orgy that ended in a fisting that he didn't enjoy all that much since
he was screaming his head off when he didn't have a cock in his mouth," said
Roy. "He was a vice principal. That's a laugh, vice principal."

  "I get the joke and I like violence. You can be rough with me. What did you do
the schoolteacher? Tell me." said Candace. She was masturbating as she faced
Roy.  She held up her glistening fingers and spoke, "See I'm all wet just
hearing about it."

  "Lobetti started off by flattening her nose. She bled like a stuck pig. We had
to pack her nostrils with toilet paper so we wouldn't get blood on our dicks.
Then when the stupid cunt said she'd bite the cock of any man that put it in her
mouth, we pulled out her upper and lower front teeth. Teacher's not going to be
biting anything for a while. Lobetti and I fucked her in all her orifices. When
we were done, Lobetti stuck his night stick up her ass and frog marched her to
the fuck rail and handcuffed her there for the enjoyment of the New Art
clientele."

  "Did she enjoy the film?" asked Candace.

  "I never asked but since she hasn't come back; I doubt it."

  Candace knew at this point she was the victim of a scam the Manager attempted
on every decent looking woman who walked in the theatre. The lady in the ticket
booth had pressed a button to signal the manager that a new female had entered
the theatre. The manager's exercise of what little power he had in this world to
prey upon women and force them to have sex with him fascinated Candace. Candace
wondered if the stories about the policeman were true or a lie to scare the
woman into doing whatever Roy wanted. It was a perfect example of the dark side
of human nature that Candace enjoyed exploiting.

  "I don't want to get hurt by Officer Lobetti. If I give you a blowjob, you'll
let me go in and watch the movie," said Candace playing along.

  "You'll give me whatever the fuck I want. If I'm okay with it, you can watch
the movie, suck cock until cum runs out your nose, and butt fuck fifty guys; I
don't give a shit what you do. But I get to screw your slut ass first. And I'm
going to call the shots."

  "All right," said Candace placing her diet coke on the desk's green blotter.
As she turned to face the manager, she pulled up her tee shirt to expose her
breasts.

  "Nice tits, real nice," said the Manager. He took a step toward Candace then
changed his mind and walked back toward the office door and opened it. Candace
listened as he spoke to the girl at the Concession Stand.

  "Eileen, tell Tommy to come to my office right this fucking minute."

  He closed the door and turned back toward Candace.

  "You might as well take care of the projectionist while you're at it," said
the Manager as he stepped toward Candace.

  "I didn't come here to fuck the help."

  "Tough tit, this is your learning trip. You should have been smart enough to
bring your pimp. You'll need someone inside there to direct traffic. The guys
can get aggressive. You're going to come out looking a little shop worn after
they're through with you," said Roy as he walked up to Candace and placed his
hands on her breasts. He leaned over and starting sucking on one nipple as he
crushed the other between two fingers. Candace found herself turned on by the
pure sordidness of what was happening. He was making a lot of mouth noise as he
worked on Candace's tit.

  "You're a fucking pig, Roy, you know that don't you?"

  "Oink, oink, yes, a fucking pig that going to put his dick in your mouth, I'll
piss in it too just to show you who's the boss around here. All first timer get
to swallow some of my high octane piss," said Roy as he pulled Candace over to
where he was standing with his back to the couch.

  "Unbuckle my pants, pull my drawers down and get to it, Hurry up, I haven't
got all day, I got a business to run," commanded Roy wanting to make sure
Candace understood that he was in charge.

  Roy squeezed and kneaded Candace's breasts as she unbuckled his white belt.
She unsnapped the trouser front, unzipped his fly and pushed the double knit
polyester material down past skinny hairy thighs. Next she hooked her fingers in
the waistband of a pair of briefs that looked like they hadn't been changed in a
few days and pulled them slowly down. Candace watched a good size cock spring
out. It was already hard. It had a banana shape and curved slightly to the
right.

  "Nice piece of meat," said Candace taking it in her hand. Roy sat down on the
couch forcing Candace to kneel down in front of him between his legs.

  "Yea, it's a nice piece of meat. You cock crazy whores who come here are all
the same. Show them some dick and they get all lovey-dovey. Just suck it bitch.
Later you can tell me how wonderful my jism tastes."

  Candace took Roy's cock in her mouth and sucked on the mushroom head while
working up a mouthful of warm saliva. After a moment or two of sucking just the
head of Roy's cock, Candace tightened her lips around the surface of member and
moved her mouth forward to where the cock head touched the entrance to her
throat.

  "Time for you to join the exclusive club of New Art piss drinkers," said Roy.

  Candace felt a warm liquid flood her mouth and instantly smelled and tasted
urine tinged with a slight hint of tobacco. Receiving a mouthful of warm piss
had always excited Candace.  Hot, as fresh coffee with an extremely strong and
unique taste and an aroma that overwhelmed your sense of smell was how Candace
described it. She reached one hand down between her legs and fingered her clit
as she began to swallow. This is turning out all right concluded Candace.

  "Surprise, surprise, that's for giving me so much lip. Swallow that piss,
slut."

  It took several deep swallows for Candace to accommodate the long squirt of
pee that Roy flowed into her mouth.

  "And you say you're not a pro. Last cunt that drained my pipe puked her guts
out."

  "I'm not a hooker but I loved every ounce of piss you gave me," said Candace
taking her mouth off Roy's cock for a second to answer him.

  Candace was sucking Roy's balls and stroking his shaft when she heard the door
open behind her and someone step into the room.

  "Eileen said you wanted me, boss."

  "This lady has offered us some free pussy out of the kindness of her heart.
Want a piece?"

  "I got to change the reel in thirty minutes."

  "Plenty of times to screw, uh, what did you say your name was, slut?"

  "Candy."

  "Candy, good name for a whore. I like that."

  Candace felt her skirt being raised from the rear. The thought that another
man was staring at her butt hole and pussy excited her. A finger slowly trailed
across her rectum and probed the entrance to her vagina. Candace moaned as it
touched the opening to her vagina.

  "Nice pink pussy, not a hair anywhere, you got a condom, boss?" asked Tommy.

  "No."

  "Think Eileen's got some?"

  "Why would a fucking lesbian have a condom, stupid? Go head and fuck her.
Candy wants it bareback, don't you?"

  "Put your raw cock in me, Tommy," said Candace.

  "I wouldn't want to give Gale a dose."

  "You fucking simple minded moron, I'm surprised that whore hasn't give already
given you a dose. She's fucking every Spic at the diner including her fat boss,
Ricardo."

  "Why do you say that, Roy? Gale and I are engaged."

  "Cause Ricardo told me he was putting it to her. Jesus fucking Christ, quit
being such a chump. Ricardo says she likes it in the ass, does Gale like it when
you butt fuck her?"

  "Yes, she's into anal."

  "Well, that proves it. You want some of Candy, stick it in. She probably likes
her shitter worked, don't you Candy?"

  "I love a hot cock in my ass," responded Candace.

  "I don't know," responded Tommy. 

  "For the love of Christ, don't worry about it, she looks clean enough,
bareback her."

  "Think I should, you can catch something from fucking whores without
protection."

  "If you don't want any, go back to the projection booth, This whore's a lot
hotter than anything I seen come in lately. I'm just trying to help you out
here."

  There was a moment's hesitation before Tommy spoke.

  "You clean, Candy?' asked Tommy.

  "I was when I came in here," said Candace.

  "She is a fine looking piece of ass. Ok bareback it is, here it comes, Candy,
all eight inches."

  "Quit bragging and fuck the bitch before I change my mind," said Roy.

 Candace felt a cock working its way past her labia. Tommy used his fingers and
the tip of his dick to work himself into the entrance of her vagina. The fact
that he wasn't particularly gentle about it excited her and she was almost ready
to cum by the time the tip of his cock found the entrance to her vagina. Candace
felt two hands grab her hips and sensed the familiar sensation of a man using
her hips as handles to push his cock deep inside her. Candace moaned as Tommy's
cock slipped inside her vagina and she felt his balls touch her thighs.

  "Listen to that, I think we've found the key to Candy's heart. Next, she'll be
asking you to marry her, Tommy. Go ahead and moan some more, Candy."

  "Oh God damn, yeah, that feels good, fuck me," moaned Candace as she licked
the underside of Roy's cock and massaged his balls with her hand.

  "She really likes it, doesn't she boss?" asked Tommy.

  "The kinds of whores that come here by themselves are nymphos that can never
get enough cock. When we're done with her, she'll go in the theatre and fuck
everyone who can get it up. Won't you Candy?"

  "Yes, I'm a fucking nympho. I need cock tonight, lots of it," was all Candace
answered as she lost herself in the squalid pleasure of sucking Roy's cock while
Tommy's dick fucked her vagina. After several minutes of double penetration,
Candace felt a large drop of spit land on her anus. A finger pushing past her
anal ring followed that. The pleasure of having her rectum invaded caused
Candace to moan loudly.

  "You just put your finger in her shitter, didn't you?" asked Roy.

  "Yea, how'd you know?"

  "You fuck as many sluts as me, you recognize the sound they make when someone
works their butt hole. Do it again, use two fingers this time. ."

  Candace felt another gob of spit land on her asshole. Two fingers slipped into
her rectum and went in as far as they could reach. Candace felt her pleasure
grow for each millimeter the fingers traveled in her bowels. Candace more
growled than moaned this time.

  "Candy likes it in the ass, don't you baby?" asked Roy.

  "I love it, I need your cock in there, Tommy, split my ass," answered Candace
concentrating on the sensations that Tommy's cock and fingers were giving her
fuck holes.

  "Let's DP her, I'll take her pussy first," said Roy leaning down to pull
Candace's up off her knees. Candace climbed on the couch and squatted over Roy's
thighs. She reached down to guide his cock into her cunt.  As soon as Roy's cock
slide home, Candace felt her butt cheeks being parted. There was the sound of
more spit. She felt a blunt cock begin to push into her anus.

  Roy was alternating his mouth on her nipples.

  "Love them gumdrops," said Roy as he sucked her nipples.

  "Pinch them, make them hurt" gasped Candace as she relaxed her sphincter and
felt Tommy's cock enter her anus.

  "You like it a little rough, most of the whores who patronize the New Art do.
How about this?" Roy grabbed her throat in one hand and choker her. He used the
other hand to deliver a hard open palmed slap to the side of her face.

  "Hit me again, harder," said Candace putting her arms around Roy's neck and
ridding his cock hard.

  "See what did I say, Tommy. Candy likes a little slapping around. Roy Stevens
knows his whores. Grab her hair and pull it toward you while you fuck her ass."

  Candace felt Tommy grab a handful of her hair and pull it toward him. He was
using it as a handle to push his cock deep in her asshole.

  Roy was slowly slapping her face and breasts.

  "Pull her head back until her neck breaks," said Roy.

  "Oh yea, that feels good," moaned Candace feeling Tommy's cock slide in all
the way. Tommy was kneeling behind her fucking her ass while she raised and
lowered herself on Roy's cock. Tommy twisted her head around and they tongue
kissed. For the first time, Candace got a look at Tommy.  "Tommy" wasn't a
Hispanic name but he definitely looked Hispanic. He also looked young, late
teens or early twenties.

  Candace heard the door open behind her. Candace recognized the booming voice
of the lady from the Ticket Booth.

  "Eileen, get your lazy fucking ass out to the ticket booth. I know exactly how
much money's in the box so keep your thieving hands off." Candace sensed that
the Ticket Booth lady had entered the office.

  "Shit, Momma, you know it embarrasses me for you to watch," said Roy taking
his mouth off Candace's nipple. Candace noted that while Roy might have been
embarrassed he managed to keep pounding his cock into her pussy. Roy and Tommy
had established a rhythm that told Candace she wasn't the first woman the two
had double penetrated.

  "You don't mind doing her with Tommy but you don't want your own Mother
watching."

  "It's just not right. Haven't you ever hear of incest?"

  "What's not right is you fucking every slut that walks through the door and
your Momma having to go home and jerk herself off every night." Candace watched
out of the corner of her eye as Roy's Mother first kicked her loafers off then
pulled down her tight stretch knit pants. She kicked her slacks off then turned
around steadying herself on the couch arm and rolled her panties down. Candace
found herself looking at a very large ass with a cellulite-dimpled surface.

  Mrs. Steven's reached back and pulled her butt cheeks apart. Candace watched
as he sphincter opened and expelled a long hissing fart. The aroma invaded every
corner of the office.

  "Been wanting to get that one out for the last hour. I saved it for you guys,"
laughed Momma Stevens.

  "Goddamn, Momma, something crawl up in you and die?" said Roy.

  Mrs. Stevens plopped herself down beside her son. She draped one leg over the
arm of the couch and reached her hand down to part a large swath of salt and
pepper pubic hair. The pubic hair starkly contrasted with the wig. Mrs. Stevens
was obviously of Mediterranean extraction based on the amount of body hair.

  "As soon as you finish with my son and Tommy, I'm going to let you eat my
hairy twat. You like that idea?" said Mrs. Stevens starting to masturbate.

  "I can't wait," said Candace.

  "How's her back door, Tommy?" asked Mrs. Stevens.

  "Real tight and it kind of massages your cock as you go in, never felt
anything like it, Mrs. Stevens."

  "Pretty tits, I see you shave your twat, never understood why a girl does
that, snatches are made to be hair," said Mrs. Stevens working her hands through
her abundant growth.

  Mrs. Stevens reached over and grabbed the nipple that Roy was not sucking and
rolled it between her fingers. The fact that a third person was now touching her
and that the person was a woman caused Candace to experience another orgasm.

  "Oh my God this is good," said Candace as waves of orgasmic pleasure shook her
body.

  "Man, feel that bitch cum, she's squeezing my pecker with her asshole, it
feels like a vise," said Tommy.

  "What's your name, honey?" asked Mrs. Stevens as she rubbed her own large
clit.

  "Candy," replied Roy, "she said her name was Candy."

  "You want to eat my pussy, Candy?" asked Mrs. Stevens.

  "Yes, oh God yes, " said Candace.

  "It's hairy and nasty. I'm not much for wiping after I take a piss, still want
some?"

  "I love to eat a dirty box," moaned Candace.

  "You guys hurry up. I want my rug munched. Candy sounds like my kind of
female." 

  A few more strokes and Tommy pushed his load out into Candace's bowels.

  "Spit in her open ass, Tommy," suggested Mrs. Stevens leaning forward to look
into Candace's open rectum as Tommy pulled his cock out.

  Candace felt a large gob of warm spit land inside her open rectum and slide
down to mix with Tommy's cum. Candace concentrated on getting Roy to climax. She
flexed her cunt muscles and used them to massage his cock as they fucked. In a
few strokes, he ejaculated inside Candace with a jerking motion. Roy made little
squeaking sounds as his jism spurted inside her vagina.

  "God that was a good fuck,' said Roy looking carefully at Candace. "We should
chain Candy up in the basement and fuck her brains out."

  "Kidnapping is not my bag. Hear those little squeaking sounds Roy made when he
blew his load. Sounds just like his daddy when he shoots. Ed Stevens made those
exact same squeaking noises, like a fucking mouse blowing his load," said Mrs.
Stevens.

  Candace climbed off Roy so he could stand up.

  "Dive in, Candy, show me what you got," said Mrs. Stevens spreading her legs
wide and parting her labia with her fingers.

  "I better get back upstairs," said Tommy.

  "I'll let Eileen get back to the Concession Stand," said Roy.

  "You guys don't want to stay and watch Candy eat my box?" asked Mrs. Stevens.

  No one answered and Candace heard the office door open and close as the two
left.

  Candace pushed her face into the warm, damp, and smelly environment of Mrs.
Steven's sex. Her upper thighs were covered with stretch marked rolls of
cellulite-dimpled fat. Tiny brown spots denoting a bad case of prickly heat
covered her inner thighs. There was a strong smell of urine, unwashed flesh, and
the rank odor of a vagina that hadn't experienced a douche in more than a month.

  "Little motherfucker, he couldn't wait to nail me when he was a kid. Now that
I've taken on a few pounds, he wants them young and skinny with bare cunts.
These days he prefers whores like you, Candy. He's forgotten about his own
mother who gave him his first piece of ass when he was in the eight grade," said
Mrs. Stevens.

  "You were his first?" asked Candace working her fingers into Mrs. Steven's
slimy vagina.

  "First female, his older brother and daddy started butt fucking him when he
was in the fifth grade. But that didn't count," said Mrs. Stevens. "He loved it
when Ed and Carl took him out to the garage and plowed his little ass over the
hood of our car."

  "I could tell Roy had an idyllic childhood," said Candy between licks.

  "Oh you are good, Candy. You just keep eating Lois's pussy like that and we'll
get along fine."

  "I can taste jism. Who you been fucking, Lois?" asked Candace.

  "Not that it's any of your business, honey, but I got a couple of nigger
janitors that clean the place before it opens. After they mop up the dried cum
off the floor, they give old Lois a quick tumble."

  "Are they good?" Candace was working hard on Lois's clit and cunt. Long swipes
of her tongue were causing Lois to breathe louder and produce copious amount of
vaginal lubrication.

  "Hey, they're niggers. Nigger cock is the best. You know what they say. Once
you go black you never go back. You like nigger dick?"

  "I like all dicks."

  "Yeah, I bet you're a regular United Nations when it comes to being a whore.
My son piss in your mouth?"

  "Yes, he emptied his pipe in my mouth."

  "Crazy fucker, last girl he did that to puked all over him and the office. But
I bet a princess like you swallowed his yellow river without a hiccup."

  "That's right. Ever drop is safely stored in my gut."

  "Since you like it so much, put your mouth on my piss hole and I'll give you
another batch."

  Candace placed her mouth over Lois's urethra and began to slowly lick the
hole. In a moment, the flow of urine started. It began as a small trickle but
quickly gained volume.  "Here it comes. Now don't spill a drop," breathed Lois.
"Piss drinking is what separates the real whores from the sluts."

  The office was silent for several minutes. The only sound was the occasional
gulp made by Candace when her mouth filled and she had to swallow. 

  "Oh that was nice. Saved me from going to the john. Roy's dad loved to piss in
my mouth. I guess it's the old father like son. I mean it runs in the family."

  "A couple of bladder loads of piss warm a girl up," said Candace.

  "You're a real piss slut, Candy. We had a girl in here a couple of months ago
that asked every guy in the place to drain his pipe. She must have swallowed a
couple of gallons. Something must have disagreed with her because she collapsed
in the gutter as she was leaving the theatre. Slut was sweating like a pig. The
EMT's took her over to St. Mary's ER and pumped her stomach. When she woke up,
she was mad as hell because they emptied her belly. She told the doctors that
having a gut full of piss was the only thing that made her happy. Oh yeah, now
you're getting me there. Go, Candy, go."

  Candace wet a finger in Lois snatch and then slipped it into the brown crusty
opening of Lois's anus. Candace pushed her finger past several hemorrhoids.

  "Oh, that's mighty fine cunt licking, be careful, I got a little bound up last
week, shoved too hard and managed to blow out a couple of rhoids that are
killers. It felt like my asshole was hanging down to my knees."

  Candace finished off Lois using two fingers in her rectum and three in her
vagina. Candace was sucking on Lois's outsize clit like it was cock when Lois
reached her climax. Lois squeezed Candace's head between her thighs as she
climaxed.

  "Oh that was good rug munching," commented Lois as she reached over to Roy's
desk and grabbed a tissue to stick up her twat.

  "Don't want to leak all down my leg," commented Lois.

  Candace took a tissue and ran it down the crack of her ass to mop up some of
Tommy's jism and spit that was oozing out of her butt. She stood up and pushed
her clothes back in place.

  Lois had wiggled back into her stretch pants and was departing.

  "Come on, Candy, I can't leave you in here alone, Roy would have a fit," said
Lois ushering Candace out the office door.

  "How was she Grandma?" asked Eileen who had returned to the concession stand.

  "Ate pussy like your mother," said Lois.

  "I'm going inside and get fucked," said Candace realizing she had been at the
New Art for over an hour and had not made it into the theatre.

  "You should have a good time. There's plenty of dick in there and some of it
's actually clean," said Lois heading toward the ticket booth and leaving
Candace to pursue her desires.




Chapter 64  - On The Rail



Please take note! Adults Only Literature

The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written for
adults only.

If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing this
file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
now.

This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
is purely coincidental, etc.

Email HarryBerg01@aol.com with your comments.

Copyright 2004

                                                             ****



  Candace walked into the dark theatre and sat down in an empty aisle seat in
the back row.  She wanted to get her bearings before she made her next move. It
was a large theatre and the audience was scattered. Most of the patrons seemed
to be seated either down front or in back. There was a cluster of people
standing down front directly in front of the screen. There were several alcoves
leading to exits. There were men in the alcoves down on their knees sucking
cock.

  A transvestite was four rows down. He was standing in the aisle bending over
holding on to the armrest of the aisle seat. He was wearing a pair of ridiculous
high platform heels. His short skirt was hiked up revealing black lace top hose
and a garter belt. The man fucking his ass had moved his thong aside. Another
man was standing at the transvestite's front getting a blowjob.  The guy in the
transvestite's ass finished and was quickly replaced by another man who had been
standing nearby jerking his cock.

  Candace watched the film for a few minutes. Five California surfer types were
at a beach house having homosexual sex. It was four thin young boys and one
older man who had the body of a serious body builder. The body builder Candace
assumed was Rod Stryker. He was shoving his enormous cock up the butt of one of
the boys who was whimpering each time the massive prick slide all the way into
his bowels. Close ups revealed the boy's anus was stretched paper thin by Rod's
tool. The sight of that large a cock caused Candace to squeeze her thighs
together forcing cum to ooze out of her vagina.

   She decided to take the jet down to DC for the day and visit Sergeant Lasker.
She'd take Briana and let her fuck his armless and legless companion, Lieutenant
Claiborne. She and Briana could do a three way with Dr. Edith Fogarty to
entertain the two crippled veterans then engage in more lovemaking.

  A loud squeal from the screen recaptured Candace's attention. Rod was pounding
every inch of his huge dick up the boy's ass and his whimpers has turned to
cries of pain. Candace also make a note to visit California's San Fernando
Valley and seek out some Rod Stryker types for her personal pleasure. She had a
fundraiser scheduled for the end of the month in Los Angeles and she would
arrange to meet Mr. Stryker or someone like him. Several Rod Strykers would be
even nicer decided Candace.

  On screen, Rod's massive hands had a firm grip on the boy's narrow hips. And
he wasn't taking it easy with the boy either. He was pounding it home with a
vengeance. The boy's body shook each time Rod went deep. Candace knew that the
homosexual term for young rail thin boys was 'twinks'. A different twink was
underneath the twink getting butt fucked sucking his cock. The other two twinks
were taking turns licking Rod's asshole that was covered with saliva.

  Periodically, one of the twinks would offer Rod his cock to suck or allow the
twink being sodomised to perform oral. There was a plenty of switching around.
Rod would pull his cock out of the twink's asshole. The anus wouldn't close and
one nick would rim that open hole while the other sucked Rod's cock.

   They kept showing close-ups of the twink rimming Rod's asshole. He had a
freakishly long tongue. Candace decided that Rod must have good muscle control
because when the guy's mouth came off his asshole, he was able to keep the hole
wide open. Lighting allowed the cameraman to film a good four inches up Rod's
ass.   The cast kept switching around acting anxious to take Rod's cock in their
ass. Rod was going to fuck each of the four twinks before it was over. The one
he was currently pounding was making little screeching sounds. The cameraman had
an interesting angle. You could see Rod's enormous balls slam into the twinks
causing him to scream. Rod's cock was well past the twink's rectum traveling
inside his lower intestine.

  "Suck it, slut," said a man standing in the aisle interrupting Candace. He had
appeared from somewhere. His cock was inches from her face and he was fisting
it.

  Without a word Candace leaned over and took the cock head in her mouth. He
unbuckled his belt and let his trousers fall to the floor.  He wasn't wearing
any underwear. She stroked the shaft with one hand and worked his balls while
her lips and tongue played his cockhead. Candace eased up her skirt and
masturbated while she sucked. She stuck her fingers in her vagina covering them
with jism. She rubbed her clit while she sucked.

  "God, you're good," said the man leaning over to pull Candace's top up and
feel her breasts. "Let me check these out."

  "Those are nice too," said the man taking Candace's nipple in his fingers and
rolling it back and forth.

  "I'm going to shoot. How about a snowball?" said the man after a few minutes.

  "Sure," said Candace picking up the pace of her cocksucking. In a matter of
moments, she felt semen spurting into her mouth. Candace reached up to put her
hand on the back of the man's neck and pulled his face to her. They exchanged an
open mouth tongue kiss. She spit most of his semen back into his mouth. His
tongue moved it around his mouth then he spit back into Candace's. After several
exchanges, Candace swallowed what remained in her mouth and ended the kiss.

  "Thanks, that was great," whispered the man pulling up his trousers and
disappearing into the gloom.  

  Candace looked over to her right. An old man was slowly masturbating as he
watched the film. Several seats further in, a guy was leaning over sucking his
companion's cock.  Candace moved beside to the old man.

  "Want a blow job and a fuck?" whispered Candace.

  "I can't afford it. I'm retired," answered the old man looking surprised that
a beautiful young woman had approached him.

  "It's free, just lay back and enjoy," responded Candace taking his cock in her
hand. She would have guessed his age at seventy or better. But his cock was
definitely hard.

  The old man scooted down and let Candace take control of his penis. Candace
went to work with her mouth.

  "Oh you are wonderful, young lady," moaned the old man as Candace's lips and
tongue worked on his hard penis, "You are really good. How about that fuck?"

  Candace stood up and straddled the seats placing one foot on each armrest. She
lowered her bottom until the old man's cock entered her.

  "You some kind of gymnast, miss?" said the old man surprised at the difficult
position that Candace had assumed.

  "Just a cock whore desperate for your meat. Fuck me hard, daddy dearest,"
whispered Candace as she vigorously raised and lowered her body impaling it on
the elderly man's cock. The man pushed her shirt up gained access to her nipples
and sucked hard.

  "That's good daddy, suck as hard as you want, bite them, bite them hard," said
Candace.

  "Forgot my dentures or I would," replied the man applying his gums to
Candace's nipples.

  Candace got the old man off within a matter of minutes. She slowly milked his
cock dry drawing every last drop of sperm into her vagina as she tongue kissed
his toothless mouth.

  "Thanks miss," said the old man as Candace stood up to move away.

  Candace decided to check out the front of the theatre. Things were busier
there. When Candace sat down in the front row, she could see that there was a
two-foot high rail that separated the first row of seats from the wall where the
screen was mounted. There were six women lined up kneeling down with their
elbows on the rail. A man was standing behind each of the women screwing them
dog style. There were also men standing on the other side of the rail having
their cock sucked.

  "I need a break," said the woman in the fifth position standing up. "All three
holes are full of paste and my jaw's tired," said the heavyset female. Even in
the dim light, could see that there was semen in her hair and long strands
covered her face.

  "Can I take your place?" said Candace stepping forward.

  "Of course, the more the merrier," said the woman sitting back down to fish a
tissue from her purse.

   Candace stepped forward raising her shirt up as she assumed the same position
as the other women. Before she could move any further, two hands grabbed her
boobs and groped her. Having her tits felt by someone she didn't know and could
barely see made Candace anxious to get down on her knees. She reached back with
one hand and pulled her skirt up exposing herself. Almost instantly, out of the
gloom, an erect cock appeared at her lips. She opened her mouth and took it in.
In a few more minutes, she felt someone kneeling at her rear. A hard cock slid
easily into her wet hole.

  "Now this is what I needed," said Candace as she relaxed and let the pleasure
of having two hard pieces of man meat inside her body. Someone else was leaning
over and playing with her boobs.

  "Don't you just love it? They call us rail birds because we hang on this
railing while they fuck us," said the woman beside her.

  "Yes, its terrific. I wish I'd known about this place before."

  "This must be your first time. I haven't seen you before?"

  "Yes, first time, that's right, stud, fuck me hard, slam it in all the way to
your balls." Candace was talking both to the lady beside her and the anonymous
man who had just pushed his cock into her cunt.

  "A little dirty talk keeps them interested, I'm Mary, the rail bird beside you
is Fran," said the lady.

  "I'm Candy, " said Candace

  "Put your fingers in my shithole," said one of the women off to the side.

  "That's Annie sounding off. She loves butt action," said Fran.

  Candace immediately felt a wet finger slip inside her anal ring. In the dark,
it must be confusing as who was saying what. Candace didn't mind as she squeezed
her anal ring to maximize the sensation of being anally penetrated.

  "Finger fuck my asshole, baby," said Candace to the guy at her rear. How often
do you come here?" Candy asked Mary.

  "Billy and I come here about once a month. He's back there somewhere sucking
dick."

  "Billy, is that your husband?"

  "Yes, He likes to go queer at the New Art. After I'm fucked out, he'll go down
on me and clean my pussy with his mouth. Crazy bastard loves a cream pie," said
Mary.

  "Sounds hot, how about you, Fran?" asked Candace.

  "Ron is watching the hockey game at the bar across the street. As soon as I
get enough cock to hold me for a week, I'll join him. He's like Billy. He loves
to eat other guy's semen out of my holes, especially my backdoor." 

    "Oh, Jesus fuck I just took in a big one, this one's stretching me out,"
moaned Mary.

    "They're some great cock here," commented Fran. "And the god part is you
just hang here and it comes in you."

    "You take it in the ass?" asked the man kneeling behind Candace.

    "Yes, lover, put it in my shithole and fuck me hard and deep, I want you to
pack it down," answered Candace.

    Candy groaned as a large cock entered her rectum.

   "You like it in the fanny, too?" asked Fran.

   "Oh yes, especially when they're long and thick like this one," responded
Candace.

   "Somebody put ten inches in my butt last week. I could feel it rubbing the
backside of my navel," said Mary. "I took a big dump the next day. It was a
single turd two feet long."

  Candace chatted with the ladies on each side of her as men loomed out of the
dark to stick their cocks inside their holes. Occasionally the railbirds amused
themselves by performing what they called a cum wave. When one took a
particularly large load of semen in her mouth, instead of swallowing she would
turn to the woman at her side and spit it in her mouth while they tongue kissed.
The recipient would then use the same technique to pass it on. The woman on the
end was expected to swallow whatever was left.

  The men kept swapping off. A guy would let Mary suck him for a while then
switch to Candace and then on to Fran. Men fucking their pussies and asses did
the same. Finally a guy would dump his load in one of their needy holes and move
away to recuperate. Although the theatre hadn't seemed crowded, there seemed an
endless supply of men.

  The women had the occasional moment where they could talk or comment. The
comments were pretty much on the same topic. Several of the men getting blowjobs
were not circumcised. They occasioned a debate about whether cut or uncut cocks
are better.

  "It's the smell of an uncut cock that drives me up the wall, it just smells
nasty," said Fran.

  "They taste nasty. Jism dries under the foreskin. Gives a good flavor," said
Mary.

  Candace had been a railbird for about an hour when she heard a commotion
behind her. She could hear a young girl quietly sobbing.

  "Squeeze in there, Jessica, between the blonde and the one with the big ass,"
said a voice that was unmistakably Afro-American and male.

  "It's a pimp breaking in a new girl, happens all the time" whispered Mary in
Candace's ear.

  "Don't make me do this, Let's go back to your place. We can make love there.
I'll do whatever you want," said a young female voice that seemed on the verge
of tears.

  "You get your sorry white ass down on your knees like these other whores or
you can forget about coming back to my crib and getting what you know you got to
have, you been using for free, its time you started earning your keep," said the
voice.

  "I just don't think I can do this, please don't make me," pleaded the female.
That was followed by a couple of loud vicious slaps. Candace felt her body
pushed to the side as a very young girl was forced down between her and Fran.
Candace would have guessed the girl's age as no more than sixteen but more
likely fourteen or fifteen. It was hard to tell in the dim light.

  "Hey man, let's swap, this is fourteen year old prime stuff right off the
farm," said the pimp.

  "Sure man, always willing to try some fresh stuff," said the man whose cock
was inside Candace.

  Candace felt the cock that had been fucking her withdraw and move over to the
girl. The girl gasped as the guy's cock already wet from Candace's cunt slide
easily inside her. The girl sobbed as the anonymous guy slowly began to fuck
her.

  "Young tight pussy but not as good as blonde there, that's prime stuff, she
milks the jism out of your cock," commented the guy referring to Candace.

  "Shit, let me try her then," said the pimp. Candace heard the sound of a
zipper then felt someone at her rear. At that moment two guys appeared out of
the darkness. One stuck his cock in Candace's mouth and the other in Jessica's. 
Candace felt the pimp's large cock slide inside her vagina.

  "Oh this is fine coochie, who's your daddy, lady?" asked the pimp.

  "I don't have a daddy," replied Candace taking the short fat cock out of her
mouth for a moment.

  "Well, you shouldn't be in here giving away a fine piece of pussy like this,
you come to work for Big Tee and you can make some cash."

  "I've got a job. I don't need cash or a daddy. I just need to be fucked long
and hard. Can you handle that?"

  "Sure can," said Big Tee as he went to work on Candace's pussy. In a few
minutes, Candace felt him rise up and place his cock at the entrance to her
asshole.

  "Hope you like your shit packed?" asked Big Tee.

  "Pound my turds flat, Big Tee," answered Candace.

   Big Tee proceeded to drive his cock into Candace's butt hole. His hands
reached forward and squeezed her breasts. He took her nipples between his thumb
and forefingers and pinched down hard.

  "Nice tits and a hungry asshole, Man, this is unbelievable. What the fuck are
you doing here?" commented Big Tee.

  "Thanks, darling," said the guy behind Jessica as he finished pumping a load
into her pussy.

  "Hey everyone," yelled Big Tee, "I got a fourteen year old girl with empty
holes, how about it, fellows, last chance for a free piece of little Jessica
Stalsworth of Fort Wayne, Indiana. After tonight, it'll be $50 for a BJ and $100
for half-and-half." Candace heard Jessica sob as Big Tee spoke.

  Candace heard start Jessica groaning again as someone else entered her.

  "You mind if I fuck her in the ass?" said the man who had just entered
Jessica.

  "Nope, just spit on it and use your fingers to open her up a little first,
Jessica used to let her brothers and step dad fuck her ass all the time, didn't
you Jess?" said Big Tee.

  "Yes," was all Jessica could manage between sobs.

  "What's you name, whore?" asked Big Tee of Candace.

  "Candy," replied Candace.

  "Well, Candy, Big Tee got something back at his place that'll make you feel
good. Want to feel good?"

  "I don't do drugs, just fuck my ass, drop your load and move on," responded
Candace.

  "Man you are a mouthy broad. You want me to take my pimp stick to you. You
don't talk to Big Tee like that, you hear?" Candace felt a hand grab her hair
and pull it back sharply. Candace whipped around and grabbed the tall black man
by the throat and threw him into the fourth row of seats. She did it so quickly
that no one saw what had happened.

  "Save my place, Mary," said Candace as she quickly moved to the fourth row and
grabbed Big Tee. He was still stunned from his head hitting the seat back.
Candace pulled his face close to hers.

  "If you don't leave now, I'm going to kill you," said Candace as she picked up
Big Tee and held him high in the air with one hand. She grabbed his balls with
one hand and twisted them.

  "Let go me, let go I'll leave," said Big Tee wide eyed with terror.  He was
having trouble comprehending how a woman or anyone for that matter could lift
his 250 pounds off the ground like it was nothing. The fact that Candace was
only using one hand to lift while the other took a firm hold on his balls
horrified him. When Candace dropped him to the floor, he gave her an unbelieving
look then ran for the door.

  Candace returned to the rail and resumed her position.

  "He's gone now," said Candace to Jessica. Another man had just entered
Jessica. An older man with a beer belly began to work his cock inside Candace.

  "He'll be mad and beat the shit out of me when I go back,' said Jessica.

  "I hate men who wan to talk instead of fuck," said Candace.

  "How did you run the prick off? You have a gun or something," said Mary.

  "He comes here once a month with some runaway. He lets the guys fuck her,"
said Fran.

  "Jessica, Why go back? Being a prostitute and a drug addict is a ticket to the
morgue," said Candace.

  "It isn't so bad. Besides I don't have anywhere else to go," said Jessica.

  "The rest of us are here because we like cock not because our pimp will beat
the shit out of us," said Fran. "Is that you back there, Billy?"

  "No, its Ernest," said the man.

  "Huh, your cock feels just like Billy's."

  "Big Tee's not so bad. He took me in when I got here from Fort Wayne. No one
else would," said Jessica.

  "Why'd you run away?"

  "Mom kicked me out when she caught me with my step dad's cock in my mouth,"
responded Jessica. "Like it was my idea. Shit, as soon as she left for work,
he'd come in my room and fuck me. He was letting his son, my stepbrother fuck me
too. And my own brother was screwing me. I was the family's fuck toy."

   Candace was surprised that Jessica didn't leave immediately. She stayed and
let four more men screw her. Finally she got up and left.

  "She's hooked, she's heading back to his place for a fix," said Mary as soon
as Jessica left.

  "Crack or heroin, she's probably doing speed balls, he owns her now. She's a
dead woman," said Fran.

  "Candy, What did you do to him?" asked Mary.

  "I just threw him out," answered Candace.

  "You must know karate," said Mary. 

  Candace stayed down at the rail until her cunt was sloppy with semen and it
was oozing down her legs. She could feel a puddle of cum at her knees. Some guys
insisted on shooting on her face rather than in her mouth. One guy shined a
small light on her face as he jerked off onto her outstretched tongue. Before
she was done, Candace's face and hair were covered with drying semen.

  "Sometimes it gets real bukkake in here," commented Fran, "I got jism up my
nose the last time."

  Candace reveled in the amount of sperm in her body. Candace had swallowed
enough semen that she felt like she had overeaten. Her asshole was slowly
dribbling out jism that was running down her butt crack. Her pussy was leaking
cum. It dribbled down her inner thigh. She had thoroughly enjoyed the non-stop
anonymous sex. Most of the time, she had never even seen the face of the man
whose dick was inside her body. Just what I needed, squalid, dirty, and
disgusting thought Candace.

  It was getting late and only Mary was still at the rail with her. Candace had
just finished sucking off a black cock and no one replaced him.

  "Candy, I think we fucked the place dry," commented Mary.

  "Yes, nobody's been in me for five minutes," responded Candace.

   Candace had decided to call it a night when she felt someone else kneel down
behind her and take a firm hold on her waist.

  "I'll do one more cock," commented Candace.

  Candace grunted and moaned as a huge cock head wedged itself into her opening.
It almost felt like Sergeant Lasker was behind her. She felt two large hands
grip her hipbones.

  "All the way, Candy baby, all the way," said a familiar voice. Candace felt
his hands tighten and the monster dick battered its way to her uterus. Candace
let out a long deep painful moan then turned back to look at Father Gregory.

  "Sounds like you just took a big one," said Mary.

  "The biggest so far tonight, it's a pussy plow, " said Candace trying to
control her breath.

  "Candy, you whore, your twat's full of cum. How many loads you taken tonight?"
asked Father Gregory.

  "Don't know, didn't count, Father," responded Candy her hands griping the rail
as she was rocked by the pounding of his cock.

  "And your asshole is leaking jism, you must be the world's biggest whore,
you've taken more cock than Jesus' whore, Mary Magdalene. And there was a woman
that never met a cock she didn't consider a friend, " said Father.

  "I am like Mary Magdalene, Father Gregory, fuck my harlot pussy, make my
sinner asshole scream, redeem my soul with your hard cock," groaned Candy.

  Mary was looking back to see who was screwing Candy. She saw the white
clerical collar. At first, she thought that Candy was calling him Father as part
of sexual roll playing. Her own husband Billy occasionally liked to call her
"Mother" and "Mommy" when he screwed her. Mary had been raised a Catholic but
she hadn't been in a church in years. Still she was amazed to see a priest in
the New Art pumping his cock into Candy.

  "You're being screwed by a priest," whispered Mary.

  "Yes, I know him. He's my Confessor and he's huge," answered Candy as she
groaned again as Father Gregory stretched the walls of her vagina to where they
were paper-thin.

  "I never fucked a priest. Is he really that big?" whispered Mary.

  "Yes, he stretching me out. It feels like he's shoving a log in my cunt,"

  "How about sharing him with a fellow railbird?" asked Mary.

  "You want some of my cock, Mary? I guarantee you'll feel this when it slides
home," asked Father Gregory.

  "Sure, if Candy's willing to share," responded Mary.

  "Go ahead, fuck her dirty hole," said Candace.

  Candace sensed Father Gregory's cock slowly withdrawing. The suction pulled
the walls of her vagina inward. It felt like someone was pulling the end of a
baseball bat out of her pussy. There was a large sucking sound as the head left
her opening. Candace waited as Father Gregory shifted positions to Mary's rear.

  "You're going to remember this one, Mary," said Father Gregory as he placed
the blunt head of his dick against her opening.

  "Oh that is a big one, take it easy," said Mary sounding a little nervous as
she sensed the side of Father Gregory's cock head. It felt too big to enter her
vagina even though she had been fucking for hours.

  "When a whore wants my cock, I only know one way to give it to her and that's
full out, I'm going to make you pray for salvation," said Father Gregory who
proceeded to slam himself into Mary's well-fucked cunt in one instant. Mary
opened her mouth to scream but Father Gregory clamped his hand over her it and
all that came out was a long gasp of air.

  Father Gregory proceeded to grab Mary up in his powerful arms and fuck her
like a rag doll for several dozen strokes. Her big tits flopped up and down as
he violently fucked her. Her legs kicked wildly as she tried to deal with the
huge pillar of hard man flesh that was barreling into her cunt then quickly
withdrawing for another painful stroke.

  Mary's body went limp after the first dozen hammer fucks but Father Gregory
gave her another dozen. Even in the dim light, Candace could see Mary's abdomen
protrude outward each time the priest sunk it home. After he was finished, he
allowed the passed out whore to slowly drop to the floor.

  "I think Mary bit off more cock than she can fuck. The soreness should go away
in three or four days," said Father Gregory.

  Father Gregory returned his cock to Candace's opening. He flipped her on her
back and screwed her on the filthy jism covered floor. She wrapped her legs
around the priest and they coupled like two vicious carnivores until they
climaxed. They rolled in the filth, growling and grunting as they fucked.
Finally, they both climaxed and Father Gregory rolled off the top of Candace.

  Father Gregory stood up and helped Candace to her feet.

  "There's nothing better than sordid depraved sex on a floor where thousands
have spilled their seed in soulless sexual depravity. It has a certain poetry,"
said Father Gregory.

  "I thought you might show up here," said Candace.

  "It's a lovely spot. I should come here more often. Let's sit over there for a
moment, I have something to discuss with you."

  Candace considered putting Mary in a theatre seat but decided to leave her
sleeping on the floor. She was snoring loudly with the side of her face lying in
a pool of drying cum.

  Candace and Father Gregory moved halfway back in the theatre and sat down.
Father Gregory relaxed a minute then began to speak to Candace in a whisper.




Chapter 65 - A Person of Interest



Please take note! Adults Only Literature

The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written for
adults only.

If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing this
file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
now.

This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
is purely coincidental, etc.

Email HarryBerg01@aol.com with your comments.

Copyright 2004

                                                             ****

   "There's somebody here you need to meet. But before you do it would be best
if you cleaned up. He's a germophobe," said Father Gregory.

  "He doesn't like his pussy full of other men's jism," remarked Candace.

  "He is unusual and frightfully immature for his age but I think you will find
him interesting."

  "I'll be back in a moment," said Candace.

  Candace entered the lobby and descended the stairs to the Men's Room. The only
occupant was the misshapen Kenny who rolled his wooden platform immediately away
and cowered in the corner when he saw Candace.

  "I'm not going to hurt you. I just came down to wash my cunt and ass," said
Candace.

  "You busted Amos us pretty bad. Where did you learn to do something like
that?" said Kenny.

  "Satan taught me," said Candace pulling her skirt up and putting one leg on
the edge of the basin.

  "You're crazy. There's no such thing as Satan,' said Kenny.

  "Well, what's your explanation then?" said Candace.

  "You're are on some kind of drug like PCP that makes people strong or you're
not human. You're some kind of cyborg," said Kenny.

  "You want to suck the cum out of my cyborg ass? I just spent two hours on the
rail and I've got a butt full," said Candace reaching back to pull her butt
cheeks apart.

  "Yeah sure, as long as you don't hurt me," said Kenny.

  "Then roll over here and put your lips around my shithole," said Candace.

  "You been down front on the rail, huh?" asked Kenny." You let a lot of dudes
ass fuck you?"

  "Sure, anybody that wanted to pack my turds was welcome. You want to suck butt
or not?" said Candace.

  "Yeah," said Kenny rolling over then putting his hands on Candace's hips to
steady himself as he placed his lips around her asshole. He licked around her
sphincter capturing some of the brownish goo that had been seeping out.

  "I'll count to three then you suck hard and I'll squeeze out all the jism
that's inside," said Candace.

  Candace counted to three then tightened the muscles in the lining of her
rectum. Kenny applied suction at the right moment. She felt a rush of fluid
leaving her asshole followed by Kenny's gulping sounds.

  "That was hot," said Kenny when Candace looked around.

  "Do you want to add the contents of my cunt to your belly?" said Candace
turning around to face Kenny. She used her fingers to spread her labia exposing
a vagina oozing semen.

  "Fucking-A I do," said Kenny wiping his mouth on his sleeve.

  "Cover my hole and suck hard on three," said Candace.

  On three Candace squeezed her vagina muscles. She watched as Kenny sucked a
large quantity of semen into his mouth swallowing rapidly.

  "Can I have some piss?" asked Kenny when Candace's had emptied her pussy.

  "Greedy little fucker, open wide," said Candace putting her hand on the back
of Kenny's head and holding him in place as she released a stream of strong
yellow pee that landed mostly in Kenny's mouth.

  "That was hot, Candy," said Kenny licking his lips to capture the golden drops
of his mustache.

  "Glad you liked it. I've got to wash my cunt and get back upstairs," said
Candace. 

  "All cleaned up," said Candace sitting back down beside Father Gregory who had
one hand buried in the curls of a young man kneeling on the floor sucking his
cock.

  "This is Simon. I meet him at a seminar on "The Role of Religion in America"
held at Harvard last week. Simon is attending Georgetown University, your alma
mater. Simon, take my cock out of your mouth and say hello to Candace."

  "It's a pleasure to meet you, Candace. I've heard so much about you," said
Simon as he licked the head of Father Gregory's cock.

  "My pleasure, Simon. Are you enjoying the New Art?" said Candace.

  "Much more than I thought I would when Father Gregory suggested we come here
tonight. He placed me in one of the alcove bent over a trash can and let all the
homosexuals bare back me," said Simon. "My butt's full of semen."

  "Simon is at the seminary and planning to join the Jesuits," said Father
Gregory.

  "The Jesuits are a wonderful order. You must be very clever," said Candace.

  "I already have my medical degree," said Simon.

  "Simon is also an exceptional cocksucker. Aren't you Simon?"

  "I'm glad you are pleased with my poor efforts," said Simon.

  "He's humble too. Now to other matters, Candace. Three rows back on the other
end of the aisle is Gregory Watkins. He's wearing a baseball hat and a red
flannel shirt. Take a discreet peek," said Father Gregory.

  Candace glanced back at the person Father Gregory was referring to. Gregory
had his cock out slowly masturbating as he watched the movie.

  "Looks ordinary enough," said Candace.

  "He is in most ways. However, he has a hobby that sets him apart from most of
mankind."

  "And that is?"

  "Every three or four months, he drives his old pick-up truck to the bad parts
of this wonderful city, sometimes he goes to Boston if he has no luck here. He
cruises around until he encounters a lady of the evening that meets his
specifications. She must be pretty, young maybe 14 or 15, have nice long legs
and large breasts. She must be Caucasian. Gregory's prejudices would make
Goebbels proud. He despises Jews, Negroes, Orientals and especially American
Indians. It's also very important that his victims have large violet eyes like
Elizabeth Taylor. The eyes are very important. Our boy doesn't compromise
either. Sometimes in the dark, he misjudges the eyes. If he decides she's not
quite right after all, he will let her blow him and takes her immediately back
to her place of business. All very politely done. But if she's meets all his
criteria, the story takes a different turn."

  "He kills them, doesn't he?" said Candace.

  "Sometimes I forget we both serve the same Master and how much power he has
given you.  For the lucky girl with the violet eyes, he has a special treat.
Greg fires a tranquilizer dart from an air pistol he conceals by his car seat.
He drives the beauty with the violet eyes to the Watkins family farm located
about thirty miles from Worcester.  Since his parents and his sister died, he
lives there alone. It's over 600 acres quite large for a farm here in the Bay
State. Fortunately for Gregory, there's a sizeable trust and he doesn't have to
worry about making ends meet."

  "And once he's back on the farm?" asked Candace.

  "They get to live for three more days but not comfortably. He begins by raping
them, which is the least unpleasant thing they experience while in his company.
Next he suspends them by their breasts in an old barn. He uses piano wire to
create a noose for each breast. Then he slowly raises them about ten feet off
the ceiling. They hang there all night by their boobs. This gives Greg an
opportunity to catch up on his rest. The poor boy lacks self-confidence and
experiences significant internal turmoil and anxiety as he works himself up to
the abduction. That first night he sleeps peacefully while the girl swings back
and forth screaming. If she's lucky, she passes out after a while. The wire cuts
deep and you would think it might even rip her tits off but they stay attached
as she struggles against the pain.

  Hanging for eight hours by their boobs leave most of his victims just a few
brain waves away from total madness. He lowers them and then he rapes them
anally. Afterwards, he becomes creative. Being raised on a farm, he's good with
tools. He likes to start with their fingers and toes. He uses bolt cutters to
remove all their toes. He cauterizes the wounds so she doesn't bleed out. By
noon on the second day, the young lady would never be able to wear open toes
sandals. He stops for lunch then rapes her again. Next it's off with the
fingers. One by one, the young lady watches as she places the blades of his bolt
cutter around each digit then neatly pops it off. He applies a red-hot soldering
iron to the stump.  That is apparently far more painful than the amputation
itself.  I base that on the reaction of the victim.

  Gregory proceeds from pinkie to thumb over two hours.  He arranges the severed
digits in the same order they were attached. He takes Polaroid's so he can
admire his handiwork afterwards.  He's obsessive about certain things. Gregory
is constantly wiping up blood. He keeps everything spotless. He likes to jerk
off onto the fingerless hands. He rubs his semen carefully over the stumps like
he was applying a healing balm. If the young lady is not out of her mind with
shock, pain, and terror, she soon will be.

  Gregory ties her in a position where her posterior points toward the ceiling.
He uses a speculum to dilate her rectum. He's a good customer at a Web site
where they sell medical supplies and instruments.

  When he has her anus sufficiently dilated, he inserts a tool he designed and
made all by himself into her lower bowel. He possibly has a patentable device
there. Once inside, he triggers a set of hooks that embed themselves in the
walls of her lower intestine. They're barbed and act like fishhooks. Once set,
he ever so slowly withdraws his tool pulling the intestine along with it. Once
he had a few inches of intestine outside, he is able to draw the girl's guts out
inch-by-inch right through her asshole. I have to say in all my centuries of
watching people being disemboweled by executioners' expert in removing a
person's intestinal tract while they are still alive, Gregory has added
something entirely new.  Did you know there are over fourteen feet of upper and
lower intestines in the human body? Gregory managed to extract some ten feet
from his last victim. He keeps them informed of his progress.

  Our boy has had a long and difficult second day so he leaves her there to
watch over her disembowelment while he catches a solid eight hours.  The next
day is only a half-day. He carefully removes her eyes from the sockets. He
places the eyes on a nearby table where if they had the rest of the person they
could watch the finale.

  He strips naked and climbs on the girl for a final rape. This time he brings a
razor that he uses to cut her so she bleeds all over him as he has sex with her.
He cuts her in several dozen places being careful that she doesn't exsanguinate
before he drops his load.  He prefers to finish shortly before she dies.

  All done, he thoroughly cleans up. Everything goes in the farm's wood chipper
except for the violet eyes. Those are his souvenirs. He places those in a
mayonnaise jar of preservative he keeps in the refrigerator. He keeps the jar on
the top shelf right next to a half-gallon of two percent milk. Last weekend he
placed pair number eight in the jar. He has another jar all ready to use when
this one fills up. Thus far he has managed to kidnap six hookers off the streets
but there will be many more before fate intervenes and he's caught.

  "You said there were eight pair of eyes but he's only taken six prostitutes,"
said Candace.

  "Mother and sister's orbs were the first to go in the jar. Perhaps not too
surprisingly they both had violet eyes."

  "Interesting."

  "Yes, I consider him a rare orchid in Satan's garden of evil. I think you
should go over and introduce yourself."

  "I don't have violet eyes, mine are blue."

  "Yes, beautiful Mediterranean blue, however, Gregory's satiated for now. He
killed last weekend which means he's satisfied for another three months, maybe
four."

  "I haven't read anything about this in the media. There's no report of a
serial killer."

  "It takes the authorities a while when the victims are prostitutes. Pimps
rarely file missing person's reports. They just move on to the next busload of
girls arriving in the big city to seek their fortune."

  "I'll give it try. We may not be each other's type."

   On screen, two older men dressed in leather pants that exposed their cocks
and ass were taking turns fucking a skinny blonde kid. The kid seemed to be
enjoying taking their cocks in his mouth and ass.

  "Hello, Greg," said Candace as she slipped into the adjacent seat.

  "How did you know my name?" Candace noticed that Gregory neither looked her
way nor stopped jerking his cock as she spoke. He was staring intently at the
screen as he stroked himself.

  "I just saw you over here playing handball and I thought I could help out,"
said Candace.

  "Why would I let a filthy nigger fucking whore touch my cock?"

  "I just washed my hands in the Men's Room. I used an anti-bacterial soap.
Please let me play with it.  I want to touch you."

  "Keep your hands off. I saw you down there on the rail with the other whores.
Niggers and spics were sticking their cocks in you. You're nothing but white
trash. There was even a fat Chinaman with his cock in your ass. The yellow
monkey was yammering in his lingo each time he shoved his dick in your
shithole."

  "He was repeating, "This whore has a tight ass," in Mandarin. He also said
that he loved fucking white married women because dumping his cum in their ass
is even better than spitting in their husband's food in his restaurant."

  "What did you say to him?"

  "I told him that my husband loved to suck other men's cum out of my ass. That
got him off because he squirted his spunk deep inside my bowels."

  "Fucking dirty chink bastard, but you're no better than they are. How do you
know what he was saying?"

  "I speak Mandarin," replied Candace reaching over to place her hand under
Gregory's balls and cup them. Candace was a little surprised he didn't push her
hand away. His nuts were tight. He continued to stroke himself. He stared
intently at the screen. He still had not looked in Candace's direction.

  "I guess not a lot of whores can speak to Chinamen in their own lingo."  

  "Probably not, in the dark, it's hard to tell anyone's race or color. It's all
just cock when you're on your knees taking it. And I love to take it that way."

  "Your husband knows you're here?"

  "Not exactly, I didn't tell him I was coming to the New Art but I did tell him
I was going out and getting laid."

  "You must have some family life. What's he doing tonight?"

  "He's at home, watching a movie with our children. Afterwards he plans to fuck
one of our daughter's friends."

  "Shit, how old is your daughter?"

  "Fifteen, she wanted to come with me tonight but you have to be eighteen to
get in. Besides Briana's pregnant and needs to take care of the Master's
daughter."

  Candace leaned over and gave the tip of Gregory's cock a long slow lick. "You
taste delicious but different. There's a faint flavor of death about your cock,"
commented Candace.

  "Being just fifteen wouldn't have mattered. Manager could care less if you
bring a five year old in here as long as you let him fuck her. I've seen pimps
bring girls here who couldn't have been more than thirteen. They put them on the
rail to break them down. Two hours of being pumped in all three holes by the
perverts and street trash that come to the New Art gets a girl ready to sell
herself. She has no self-respect left and she's ready to stand on the curb and
fuck anybody who's got the dough.  This place saves a pimp from having to round
up a dozen of his nigger buddies for a gangbang. "

  "Let me put the tip of your cock in my mouth and suck on it," said Candace as
she positioned herself to start sucking Gregory's dick. 

   "I saw what you did to that nigger pimp. You scared the living shit out of
that black bastard. I bet his ass is still shaking."

   "He started it. He grabbed me by the hair." Candace took her mouth of
Gregory's cock to answer.

   "You're one of them, aren't you. I saw you talking to the priest. I've seen
him watching me."

  "Father Gregory is an old friend. He likes you because you both have the same
first name. We all follow the same Master."

  "You're like me. You belong to Satan. That's where you get the power to throw
niggers up in the air. Goddamn I wish he'd make me strong enough to do that. He
talks to me though."

  "What does he say?" asked Candace who now had one hand on Gregory balls while
she gave him a blowjob.

  "He tells me to find someone like my mom and sister and get them off the
street so they can't hurt anyone else. He tells me exactly how to do it. What
does he tell you to do?"

  "I'm afraid my mission for the Master is more complicated than yours. He did
send me to meet you tonight. I want to fuck you." Candace didn't wait for a
reply. She stood up and pulled her cotton tee shirt up exposing her breasts. She
hiked up her short skirt, straddled the seat and slowly lowered herself onto
Gregory's cock.

  Gregory took one of her nipples in his mouth and began gently sucking it.
Candace found herself rocking back and forth pumping Gregory's cock.

  "Yes, you're one of them. You fuck like one of them. Your pussy is hot like
the fires of hell. It burns my cock. You fuck like my Momma. She belonged to
Lucifer. She taught me and my Sister to worship him."

  For someone who had barely looked in Candace's direction, their lovemaking
turned violently passionate. Gregory's hands were cupping her ass, guiding her
to fuck his hard prick. He slipped one finger into her butt hole. He added the
index finger of his other hand and used both hands to stretch her wide open.
Candace straddled Gregory while he sucked her nipples. Several times, she forced
his head back and they kissed fervently. Candace focused on enhancing the
sensations that she felt in the walls of her vagina. She felt her cunt muscles
ripple, convulse, and contract as they caressed Gregory's cock on every inch of
its downward journey. After what seemed like the longest fuck of Candace's life,
she sensed that her orgasm was approaching.

  "Oh Satan, oh Lucifer, oh the Ruler of Hell, use thy servant Candace to bring
forth thy dominion on earth," shrieked Candace as her body slipped off a high
precipice for a long downward plunge into a screaming orgasmic slide. In her
mind, she saw the fiery flames reaching up toward her as she plummeted downward.
Without thinking, she rubbed her rock hard clitoris across the jagged teeth of
the zipper of Gregory's jeans. The zipper teeth caught and scraped against the
flesh of her pleasure nexus as they tore the skin to where it was raw and
bloody.  Her warm blood spilled out and covered Gregory's crotch.

  "You truly are from Satan," said Gregory, as his body was overcome with the
pleasure that Candace's pussy was creating in his cock.

  "I'm one of his brides," laughed Candace, as the first wave of her orgasm
broke then swept over her like a tidal wave. Candace's body jerked and convulsed
as a prolonged climax shook and twisted her body. Gregory answered by releasing
his sperm into her vagina. Another wave of orgasmic pleasure swept over Candace
as she sensed the hot sperm washing the walls of her pussy.

  When her orgasm ended, Candace collapsed forward toward the seated Gregory.
She remained there as she caught her breath. When she recovered enough to look
down, she saw the cold dead eyes of Gregory Watkins carefully studying her.

  Candace dismounted from Gregory's lap and dressed. She leaned down and kissed
him gently on the lips. Then she walked out of the theatre to her car and drove
away. As she drove home, she savored the sensation of Gregory's evil sperm
slowly dripping out of her vagina.




Chapter 66 - Hollywood


Please take note! Adults Only Literature

The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written for
adults only.

If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing this
file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
now.

This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
is purely coincidental, etc.

Email HarryBerg01@aol.com with your comments.

Copyright 2004

                                                             ****



  "Max, they look magnificent. I can't wait to get down there and start the
role-play. I don't know how to thank you for all you've done," said Candace. She
was on the second floor of a 48,000 square foot mansion in the Hollywood hills.
She was looking down at the pool where ten extremely handsome and well-built
young men were waiting for her and Briana.

  "According to Karl, they're the best in the industry. Anything for the next
President of the United States," said the famed motion picture producer who also
happened to be head of one of the major film studios.  "It's an honor to serve
one who serves the Master," he said as he kissed Candace's hand.

  "We raised over $25million at the dinner. That's a new record," said Candace
putting her arms around the man. "Are you sure that Peter and my four apostles
will keep you amused?"

  "Heavens yes. How did you come by such beautiful children? Peter has the face
of an angel," said the Producer.  "He could have a career in Hollywood if he
wanted it."

  "They were a gift from the Master. Father Gregory presented them to me when I
was in the Holy City of Jerusalem."

  "They are all precious. John has the sweetest personality," said the Producer
as they walked away from the window overlooking the pool and proceeded down the
long hallway.

  "Father Gregory says John is destined for the priesthood," said Candace. "He
has an incredible gift of persuasion. He talked one of his female classmates
into an after school blowjob on the school bus his first day in school. Her
mother was furious. He's quite the rascal."

  When they reached the door to one of the master bedroom suites, the Producer
opened it to reveal Peter, Mathew, Mark, Luke, and John sprawled over an
enormous bed. There was a flat panel high definition screen covering the far
wall. They were watching a film that would be released that week.

  "Mommie," screamed the four youngest boys almost in unison as they rushed to
greet Candace.

  Candace hugged them to her.  Candace noticed that there was another young man,
lying beside Peter. They both quickly stood up when Candace entered. Peter being
older kissed Candace's cheek.

  "That's no way to kiss your mother," laughed Candace embracing Peter for a
passionate tongue kiss. Peter and Candace wrapped their arms around one another
placing them on each other's buttocks to grind their sex together.

  "Nothing is more beautiful than the love of a mother and son," said Max as the
two broke their clinch.

  "This is Collin Findley. He's the star of our latest film," said Max as the
young man stepped forward to be introduced.

  "Senator, it's an honor,' said Collin stepping forward to take Candace's hand.

  "Max has told me so much about you and his latest project. He says you're on
the way to the A-list," said Candace holding on to the young man's hand.

  "Max is too kind. But I have high hopes," said Collin. "I've been trying to
talk Peter into coming to Los Angeles. But he's determined on Yale," said Collin
referring to Peter's plans to enter Yale as a freshman that fall. 

  "Education is important. Jack Lemmon was a Harvard grad you know," said Max.

  "Jack who?" said Collin pretending that he did not know of the famous actor.

  "Collin is quite the tease. I kept him in bed all weekend a few months ago
making him watch every good movie that Jack Lemon made," said Max.

  "Then he dressed me up like the Jack Lemon character in 'Some Like It Hot' and
made me go to a club and dance with him," said Collin. "I'd never done drag at
least in public."

  "I had Adrian from the studio do his make-up and wardrobe reproduced the
women's clothes Jack wore in the film. He looked the spiting image of Jack
Lemon," said Max.

  "As a drag queen," quipped Collin.

  "He was so hot I could barely control myself," said Max.

  "Barely, how about not at all. We were at Ripley's on Sunset. We weren't there
half an hour before he took me out behind the club into this rat infested alley
and made me bend over holding on to a dumpster. Then he flips my skirt up over
my back, pushes my bloomers down and buggers me while two winos watch," said
Collin.

  "It was delightfully sordid. If only a film crew had been there to capture
that magic moment," said Max.

  "We were lucky some paparazzi didn't capture it. You'd have been out  $100,000
to buy the pictures to keep them out of the Enquirer," said Collin.

  "Let the Enquirer publish them. No one in this town would believe I was
screwing a woman in an alley," said Max. "A boy yes, but a woman never. They
would have said the Enquirer is using Photoshop again. That's Max's head on
somebody else's body."

  "Are you going to join us this evening, Senator?" asked Collin.

  "No, I'd love to but Max has been kind enough to arrange something special for
my daughter Briana and me," said Candace. "It's a gift to Briana for being a
wonderful and nurturing mother to my first granddaughter."

  "So that's what all that beef waiting by the pool is for," said Collin. "I
thought Max had decided to make a career change into gay porn."

  "The Senator and her daughter plan to engage in a bit of role play. An
innocent mother and daughter come home from a hard day of shopping on Rodeo
Drive to find a group of criminal rapists waiting to viciously assault them,"
said Max.

  "All ten of those monsters, you're very brave," said Collin.

  "Mother and Briana are into the rough stuff," said Peter.

  "Never with you my darling," said Candace once more embracing her son for a
passionate kiss.

  "Max is going to teach us a scene from '42nd Street'," said John.

  "Really, that's wonderful?" asked Candace.

  "I'm thinking of remaking that classic. I'm going to take the role of the
Producer of course. Peter will be the female lead. Mathew, Marl, Luke, and John
will play chorus girls. Collin will be the romantic male lead.  Costumes and
make-up are staged below in my theatre. A good friend, Steven Cameron of mine is
coming over to help with the direction and play the chorus master. In fact I
think I hear his helicopter approaching," said Max.

 "Max is going to teach us to sing and dance," said Luke.

  "Just one number," said Max. "You and your brothers will make darling chorus
girls. I'm getting hard just considering the prospect."

  "Well I better collect Briana and leave you to your fun," said Candace.

  Candace made her goodbyes and set out to find Briana in the enormous mansion.

***

  "When is this going to start?" Drake asked Kyle. The ten very well muscled men
had been waiting by the pool for almost an hour.

  "Whenever the man says it does," answered Kyle glancing once again at the
single piece of paper he was handed when he arrived. It contained a summary of
tonight's role-play "Besides we're getting paid regardless."

  "Whoever set this up wanted the creme de la creme," said Tommy.

  "What the hell does that mean?" asked Joe. Joe at 6'6" was easily the largest
of the ten. Joe was a competitive body builder who financed his training by
appearing in porn features.

  "He means they wanted the very best, the biggest cocks, the ones who shoot the
largest loads, and can last the longest," said Kyle.

  "So why are you here, Kyle?" laughed Drake.

  "They'd heard I had a PMD," said Kyle.

  "PMD?" said Tommy.

  "Penis of Mass Destruction," said Kyle.

  That caused everyone to laugh.

  "Mother and daughter want to be gang raped. Rich cunts got an itch and can
afford to scratch it. They hired us to make it happen. We've all got reps in the
industry as stand up guys," said Leon.

  "So Max Rothstein or someone goes out and hires the ten biggest studs in the
business," said Kyle.

  "It must be Max this is his place," said Tommy.

  "And some place it is. Can you imagine having this much money?" said Joe.

  "His last film grossed over $500million. And that doesn't include license
income. My mom spent a fortune on the toys at Wal-Mart for my little brother,"
said Morris.

  "You work today?" Tommy asked Joe.

  "No, yesterday," responded Joe.

  "What'd you do?" asked Tommy.

  "Twink buster, it was in the valley," said Joe.

  "Shit, they're all made in the valley," said Morris.

  "What's a twink buster?" asked Simon who was relatively knew to the adult film
business and had not done gay porn.

  "You don't know what a twink is?" asked Morris

  "Sure, skinny boy, usually underage, what's the buster part?" said Simon.

  "I fucked four twinks," said Joe. "I put my cock up their tight little butts
and they squeal for the camera. Guys get off watching some boy chick impaled on
my PMD."

  "How was it?" asked Simon.

  "Noisy, the director encouraged them to make a lot of racket when I rammed my
cock in their butts," said Joe. "Two of them didn't need encouragement."

  "What do you mean?" asked Simon.

  "They were new to the business and their holes were virgin. One of them must
have had fake Ids. He didn't look a day over fourteen. They squealed like pigs
when I shoved my Johnson up their rears. Take it out. It hurts," mimicked Joe.

  "This says anal is expected," said Tommy looking once again at the paper.

  "Maybe they'll change their minds after they take a look at our cocks," said
Joe looking around. "I don't think there's anyone here with less than nine
inches."

  "Oral, vaginal, anal, double and triple penetration, it reads," said Kyle
looking at the paper.

  "It says it's to be brutal and vicious," added Morris.

  "Anyone ever done anything like this before?" asked Drake.

  "Yeah, once, remember Vickie and her Ramon, Joe? It was at that place up on
Mullholland," said Gary.

  "I'd forgot about them. That was a mind trip," said Joe.

  "What happened?" asked Drake.

  "Joe and I plus a German named Wilhelm who's no longer in the business were
hired by this Spanish guy to do his wife. Her name was Victoria but she went by
Vickie," said Gary.

  "He watched you screw her?" asked Simon.

  "Yeah but kink wasn't his reason. He was highly pissed at her and he wasn't a
nice guy," said Gary.

  "About what?" said Kyle.

  "He caught her screwing the pool boy," said Gary. "Walked into the pool house
and there was Vickie down on her knees slurping away."

  "So it was a revenge thing?" asked Morris.

  "Yeah, Ramon was one evil motherfucker. We were only a small part of what he
did to her," said Joe. "He was from Venezuela and his family had serious bucks.
I guess she didn't know how serious he would take her screwing around on him."

  "So what did he do to her beside letting you three fuck her?" asked Morris.

  "To start with when we got there, he'd had a dentist pull all her teeth
without any Novocain," said Gary.

  "You're shitting me. He had her fucking teeth yanked out," said Simon.

  "It seems he had just spent $25,000 to have her teeth capped and when he
caught her sucking this kid's peter, he decided he was being taken advantage of
and wanted the teeth back," said Joe.  "He'd also beat the shit out of her. She
was such a bloody mess it was hard to get good wood."

  "And keep it. Her face was like hamburger," said Gary.

  "So what happened?" asked Morris.

  "We fucked her in all three holes," said Joe.

  "Tell him about the French ticklers he made us wear," said Gary.

  "Oh I forgot about that. He called them French ticklers but they weren't from
France. He claimed the Venezuelan state police use them when they captured a
female prisoner," said Joe.

  "Instead of soft little nodules to thrill a girl's cunt they got these hard
rubber spikes that rip the insides of their vagina and assholes. There was
fucking blood everywhere when we finished."

  "So what happened to the girl?" asked Drake.

  "Don't know, not my business. Those were serious hombres," said Joe.

  "As we were leaving the husband was plugging in a soldering iron," said Gary. 

  "Gentlemen, my name is Clyde," said a small well dressed man who had just
arrived at poolside.

  "Hello Clyde," responded the group in unison.

  "You are such naughty boys. I envy Candace and Briana," said Clyde.

  "Who exactly are Candace and Briana?" said Leon.

  "Candace is the mother and Briana the daughter in our little playlet this
evening."

  "Are they really mother and daughter or is this make believe?" asked Drake.

  "Briana is the sixteen year old daughter of thirty eight year old Candace,"
responded Clyde referring to his notes.

  "Thirty eight, not exactly a spring chicken," commented Kyle.

  "Candace is one of the most beautiful women I have ever seen. She makes me
wish I was straight," sniffed Clyde.

  "And the daughter, Briana?" said Joe.

  "Incredible like her mother, you men should be paying us for the privilege of
sex with such rare beauties," said Clyde.

  "$2000 each right?" said Leon reaffirming the monetary amount since Clyde
brought it up.

  "Correct, see me when you are done. I will give each of you that amount at the
end of the evening," said Clyde.

  "This paper says we are to be rough and the women will fight us. How rough is
rough?" asked Morris.

 "No biting or gouging, they have promised not to hurt anyone but expect to get
tossed around before you subdue them," said Clyde. "Of course you'll have an
unloaded gun to threaten them."

  "Tossed around by two women, are you kidding?" said Joe.

  "Candace and Briana are most gifted physically especially Candace. But they
will eventually let you have your way with them after you threaten them with
your pistols," said Clyde.

  "And they want it rough?" said Drake.

  "It should be a brutal vicious rape with extreme verbal abuse and humiliation.
You can pretty much let go and allow your dark side to take over," said Clyde.

  "I know they're asking for it but remind them of that later when they complain
their twats and butt are raw and bleeding," said Kyle. "The biggest cocks in
porn are here tonight."

  "Follow me," said Clyde. 

***

  "I love shopping Rodeo Drive," said Briana as they entered the bedroom. Briana
and Candace were carrying several shopping bags from stores located there.

  "The clothes are fabulous," said Candace.

  "Don't move, you two," said Leon as he exited the closet pointing the 9MM Sig
Sauer at the women.

  "Who the hell are you?" yelled Candace.

  "Your worst nightmare," said Kyle who was also armed and right behind Leon.

  "Come here sweetheart," said Joe grabbing Briana and pulling her into an
embrace and kissing her.

  "Mother," screamed Briana.

  "Leave my daughter alone," yelled Candace throwing herself onto Joe. They
struggled for a brief moment then Joe went flying across the room to slam into a
wall. He looked totally astounded at Candace's strength. His embarrassment at
being tossed through the air by a woman fueled his rage throughout the evening.

  Several of the men tackled Candace and struggled with her. Candace's skirt
rode up revealing the lace tops of her thigh high stockings. The men were
astonished at Candace's strength.

  "Quit struggling lady or I'll shoot your daughter," said Leon who had grabbed
a handful of Briana's hair twisted it painfully until the girl was forced to the
floor. He put his knee in the small of Briana's back s he pulled her hair back.

  "All right just don't hurt my little girl," said Candace relaxing. Her short
skirt had ridden up over her hips.

  "Here, you're not going to be needing these," said Kyle grabbing the tops of
Candace's panty and pulling them down to expose her sex.

  "Nice shaved pussy, no hair in our teeth guys," said Kyle.

  "Leave me alone," shouted Candace.

   "Kick your shoes off and stand on the bed," said Kyle motioning with the Sig
Sauer.

 Candace and Briana unbuckled their Jimmy Choo strap sandals and stood on the
king size plus bed.

  "What are you going to do with us?" asked Briana.

  "Rape you till you scream," said Morris. "I hope you like big cocks."

  "Now undress each other," said Kyle.

  "What?" said Candace.

  "You heard me cunts. Undress each other now," threatened Kyle.

  The men watched intently as Candace and Briana slowly removed each other's
clothes. The ten men began to shed their clothes.

  "This is going up your ass," said Joe fisting his cock, a penis that normally
left women walking bowlegged for days.

  "It's huge. It won't fit," said Briana unsnapping her bra.

  "Don't worry, darling. I'll make it fit," said Joe.

  "I'll stick this in your cunt while Joe fucks your ass," said Leon fisting his
extremely thick prick.

  "Oh my God, they'll ruin us, Mother," said Briana pushing her panty down to
expose her cunt.

  That faggot Clyde was right thought Simon. These two are something else.  

  "Sixty nine," ordered Drake. "I want to see Momma eat her daughter's snatch
while the daughter returns the favor."

  "No way that cunt is thirty eight," whispered Gary to Morris.

  "Must be married to a plastic surgeon," replied Morris.

  "Put your tongue in her pussy," yelled Drake slapping Candace on the buttocks.

  The ten men gathered around fisting their large cocks as Candace and Briana
lay down on the bed with their head between each other's legs. Candace in the
superior position swirled her tongue around Briana's clit as her fingers parted
her labia. The room filled with the sounds of the two women engaged in a noisy
bout of oral sex. Both of the females were highly aroused at the prospect of
what was going to happen to them.

  "What a pair of sluts? You must be some mother to be willing to eat your own
daughter's pussy," commented Simon noting that each woman's face quickly became
covered in the other's vaginal secretions. The men watched and waited until
Candace and Briana experienced an orgasm.

  "This is some sick shit, man. This isn't the first time that mother and child
have munched each other's rug," said Tommy watching the two writhe in a climax.
The men were silent for a moment as they watched the women experience a
prolonged and noisy orgasm.

  "Showtime big boy," announced Joe shaking his dick as he climbed on to the bed
when the two had finished. "Let's give these bitches more cock than they can
handle."

 Joe delivered a powerful stinging blow to Candace's backside as he jerked the
two apart. "Momma Candace is just dying to suck my asshole dry. Aren't you
Candace?"

  "Make me motherfucker," said Candace defiantly.

  Candace cried out as Gary grabbed a full handful of her blonde hair and
twisted it. 

  "Don't worry, Candace, making you is part of the fun," said Gary.

  The ten separated into two groups. Kyle, Judd, Woody, Drake, and Tommy
concentrated on Briana. Joe, Simon. Morris, Leon and Rico surrounded Candace.

  "First thing on the menu is skull fucking," announced Woody.  "I hope you two
know how to breathe through your nose."

  "I'm going to throat fuck you until you choke," said Kyle grabbing the sides
of Briana's head and forcing his cock past her epiglottis. The sudden intrusion
of such a formable penis into her passageway resulted in a powerful gag
reaction.

  "Oh, that's right, Briana, squeeze that meat with your gullet," said Kyle
reveling in the feeling of Briana's throat clinching his cock. "You're going to
take it all," said Kyle placing his fingers at the back of Briana's jaw. His arm
muscles clinched as he forced his penis in as far as it would go. Briana's nose
filled with Kyle's pubic hair as she repeatedly gagged and gasped for air.

  "Does Mommy's little girl need to breathe?" taunted Kyle.

  "Let the little cunt turn blue," said Judd. "I like to see them choke."

  "I bet you like your titties played with," said Tommy reaching under Briana to
capture her nipple between his thumb and forefinger. The muscles in his powerful
hands contracted as he smashed Briana's nipple flat. Briana squirmed in agony as
Tommy's hard hands savaged her breasts.

  Finally Kyle let go of Briana's head and withdrew his cock. Briana loudly
gasped for breath as she coughed up drool that poured over her lower lip. Kyle
grabbed a handful of Briana's hair and used it to wipe his cock.

  "You're a pathetic disgusting pig slut," said Kyle slapping his ten-inch cock
hard across her cheek.

  "Choke on this, bitch," said Judd taking Kyle's place. Judd used Briana's hair
as handles to force her to swallow his meat. He moved her head back and forth.
Each time Briana's throat felt the intense pressure and pain of an object
greater in diameter than her throat forcing her airway to expand. When Judd was
done he smeared his drool-covered cock across her face coating it. His assault
on her throat left her retching.

   "You look disgusting, like a pig that's been rooting in a cock trough," said
Judd as he let Woody take his place.

  Only when she was about to pass out was the cock removed from her throat.
Briana glanced over to see that Candace was also being brutally debased.

***

  "You see that hole in front of you, bitch," said Simon standing straddle of
Candace. "That's going to become your air supply for the next few minutes. Ready
Joe?"

   Candace was on all fours her face inches from Joe's butthole.

  "As soon as Candace establishes an air tight connection, I will start the flow
of my special brand of oxygen," said Joe. "You're going to love it, Candace."

  "Suck on Joe's asshole," yelled Leon delivering a half dozen open palmed slaps
to Candace's buttocks. Her bottom went from pink to red as Leon's handprints
became visible.

  "I'll bite your nipples off if you don't," said Rico sliding under Candace and
taking a nipple in his teeth and crushing it.

  Candace leaned slightly forward to place her lips around Joe's brown eye. She
flicked her tongue over the soft puckered tissue then formed her lips tightly
around this anus and inhaled strongly. She sensed his anal ring opening followed
by a powerful rush of gas into her lungs.

  "That's right, Momma, breathe that fart deep into your lungs, hold it for a
few seconds then exhale slowly through your nose. I won't you to really know
what its like to breathe off Joe Collins asshole," said Joe.

  Candace grunted as Rico forced his fat cock into her vagina. She felt first
one finger then two enter her anus. Her lungs were filled with the fetid gas
produced by Joe's gastrointestinal track.

  "Inhale," yelled Joe as once again his anus opened and a fart passed into
Candace's mouth and entered her lungs. The aroma was so strong Candace could
practically taste it.

  "Let's see if I can generate a wet one for Mom," said Joe as once again he
managed to summon up a large quantity of gas.

  "From the look on Mom's face, I'd say that one had body," said Simon noting
the grimace on Candace's face as her mouth and lungs were filled with something
that was a cross between a fart and a shit.

  "I'm empty," said Joe changing positions.

  "Here, suck my Puerto Rican shithole," said Rico taking Joe's place.

  Candace applied her lips around Rico's anus and sucked his butthole while she
probed it with her tongue.

  "She eats ass like one of those shemales that work lower Sunset," said Rico.
"Get your tongue in there Momma. You might find a little brown surprise hiding
in a crevice."

  Candace was forced to eat the muscular ass of all five of the men.

  "Here, wipe the shit off your face. You're disgusting," said Leon handing
Candace a wet towel when they were done. Candace glanced in the mirror to see
that her lips and chin were stained brown.

  On the other side of the room, Briana had just finished rimming her five
attackers. They were promising her the fucking of her young life. "Like a pile
driver," was how Woody described it.

***

  "Fuck me harder assholes. Is that the best you can do?" screamed Briana.

  Briana was on her back, actually more on her shoulder blades. She was bent
double with her knees beside her ears. Moments before Tommy had just finished
delivering twenty punishing plunges into Briana's cunt. When he dismounted Kyle
took three seconds to replace him. Kyle grabbed Briana's lower jaw in his hand
and forced her mouth open then leaned down to spit a gob of saliva into her
mouth. Briana swallowed his sputum and opened her mouth hoping for more.

  "More," demanded Briana.

  "Spit swallowing pig," said Kyle. "You're a pig, oink for me bitch."

  "Make me," hissed Briana.

  "Make like a sow in heat or I'll break these off," said Woody who was holding
Briana's arms stretched over her head. He began to twist her wrists rotating
them painfully outward. The pain in Briana's shoulders was unbearable.

  "Oink, oink, oink," screamed Briana.

  "That's more like it," said Kyle jumping off Briana so Judd could take his
place.

  "Open your mouth, pig," said Judd.

  Judd leaned close and let a large amount of saliva slowly slip over his lower
lip into Briana's open mouth.

  "Now swallow it and go oink for me," said Judd.

  "Oink, oink," yelled Briana as Woody created an incredible level of pain in
her shoulders.

  The five kept repeating the sequence. They made a point of slamming their hard
muscle covered pubic region into Briana's clit. It slowly became red and bruised
as the savage form of sexual intercourse continued. Each man in turn entered
Briana's vagina and ferociously pummeled her sex with his hard cock and muscled
pubic region. Briana grunted loudly every stroke.

***

  "Normally, Candace, I put an inch up a woman's ass then slowly work it in
using lots of lube. That's cause they say thirteen and a half inches long with a
six inch diameter hurts like Bejesus when it travels your poop chute. But in
your case, honey, I'm going to make an exception and give it to you all at one,"
said Joe. He's just managed to force his cock head past Candace's anal ring.

  Candace could not respond other than to moan because her throat was stuffed
with the front five inches of Simon's ten-inch peter. Morris's eleven inches
were buried in her vagina. His hands gripped her buttocks stretching her cheeks
apart so Joe could have a clear path into her rectum. Simon's fingers were
pinching her left nipple while Morris's teeth were chewing the right.

  "On the count of three you guys crush her nipples as I ram her butt. She can
decide what hurts most."

  Joe counted to three then lunged downward. His descent only ended when his
balls slapped hard against her crotch.

  A moan of agony escaped Candace's lips as the unnaturally large penises
penetrated her orifices. The five constantly switched positions attacking all
her holes with renewed energy.

  Both Candace and Briana experienced triple penetration for over an hour.
Positions were frequently changed.  Every few minutes, hard open palmed slaps
were delivered to their buttocks and breasts.

***

  "Who would have thought the most powerful woman in the country was a cock
crazed fuck whore but Senator Williams is certainly that," whispered Clyde to
Reynaldo the son of Alma the cook. Clyde was seated in a comfortable office
chair located in the security room of the mansion. His pants were down around
his ankles and his legs were spread. When he looked down he could see the
Reynaldo's head bobbing up and down sucking his cock. Reynaldo's small body was
kneeling on the floor in front of Clyde.

  Max has put on some bizarre shows before but this has to be the topper thought
Clyde staring at the bank of security camera. Cameras X-7 and X-8 were focused
on the bedroom where Senator Williams and her daughter were playing gang rape.
The cameras monitoring the grounds showed the several dozen heavily armed
Amazons patrolling the perimeter of the estate.

  Those two females especially the Senator are not human decided Clyde. The
toughest porn star in the business would have cried 'Uncle' before this. Even
the ones who make the gang bang films couldn't handle the sheer brutality the
two women were experiencing. What was even stranger was that they seemed to be
getting stronger as the rape progressed.

  "Lick my balls, faggot," said Clyde not taking his eyes off the screen.

  Reynaldo released Clyde's cock from his mouth and dutifully began to slowly
lick the older man's sack. He captured one gonad in his mouth and massaged it
with his tongue as he applied a gentle suction. Reynaldo placed his index finger
against Clyde's anus that he had licked moments before and gently pressed.

  "That's a good faggot," whispered Clyde.

 Keeping Clyde happy meant that Reynaldo and his mother could keep on living and
working on the estate. As undocumented aliens from Guadalajara staying employed
and out of the INS's radar were critical. Sucking Clyde Tolson's cock was a
small price to pay for such an important benefit. Reynaldo's mother was forced
to sleep with that pig of a chauffeur that drove for the owner.

  "Later, after Max has gone to sleep, I'm going to see if I can persuade one of
those delightful boys to come join us, Reynaldo," said Clyde glancing at the
screens labeled XZ-11 and XZ-12. It showed a small stage from two angles. As
Clyde would have predicted the rehearsal had not gotten far before it had turned
into a bareback orgy. Steve Cameron had managed to teach the four boys to dance
in a chorus line but the sight of the their bare legs under the short skirts had
proven irresistible to the producer and director.

  Mathew, Mark, Luke, and John were dressed as circa 1930s chorines. Max's staff
and done an incredible job of turning the boys into young Broadway dancers. At
the moment, the four boys were on all fours being sodomised by Max and his
director friend. Peter looking incredibly fetching in a print dress was seated
on the top of the piano with his cock in Collin's mouth. Collin was playing the
signature song from the famous Broadway musical as his head bobbed up and down
on Peter's cock.

***

   "Let's show Momma the latest in hardcore porn," said Joe once again forcing
Candace into a shoulder stand. Rico grabbed her ankles and pulling them forward
to the floor bending her like a pretzel. Candace's vagina and anus were pointed
toward the ceiling. Simon straddled Candace from the front grabbed her labia
stretching them wide part then capturing and crushing her clit between his
thumbs. Candace cried out in pain as her engorged love button was caught in a
vise-like pressure.

  "Oh does that hurt? Well how about this?' said Simon forcing his cock into her
pussy. Candace responded with a loud grunt as Simon's cock slammed into her
uterus. 

  "Look at how wide we can open Candace's back door," said Joe using his thumbs
and forefingers to stretch open her anus. "You're going to have to wear a diaper
after this darling cause your asshole won't close," laughed Joe, as he pulled
hard to stretch her anal ring. Joe leaned down and spit in her open rectum.

  "That's not a butt; it's a spittoon but Candace likes spit in her butt, don't
you bitch?" said Joe spitting once again. "Answer me, pig," demanded Joe
delivering several loud slaps to Candace's flanks.

  "I'm a spittoon, spit in my shit hole. I love it," replied Candace. Actually I
do find the sensation of warm spit sliding down the walls of my rectum erotic
thought Candace.

  "That's good because all of us are going to spit in your ass," said Joe. Each
of the other four took turns spitting in Candace's wide-open butthole.

  "You are one disgusting puta," said Rico separating Candace's ankles and
putting his cock in her mouth from one side as Morris did the same from the
other. Candace's tongue worked on the tips of both penises resting on her mouth.

  "Now for the big finale, I bet you and your little girl never had anything
like this," said Joe once more plunging his cock in Candace's open ass as far as
it would reach. His balls made a slapping sound as they landed against her back.
Leon slipped between Joe and Simon. There were three men standing straddle over
the upturned Candace.

  "Even been double butt fucked?" asked Joe as Leon started to work his cock
into Candace's rectum right beside Joe's.

  "No," replied Candace.

  "Then you are in for a treat," said Joe.

  Candace grunted in pain as she felt a second exceptionally large penis invade
her rear passageway. Simon's brutal working her clit had brought her to a state
of one continuous orgasm. The muscles of her vagina and asshole were contracting
and contorting as the orgasm assumed control of her body.

  "Shit, the bitch is coming," said Leon as soon as his cock was inside
Candace's rectum.

  "Power fuck time. Make her scream," said Joe increasing the frequency and
force of his strokes.

  Candace grunted loudly as the men slammed their cocks in her. They fucked her
with a ferocity that went on and on. Finally, covered in sweat, they stopped
from exhaustion. Joe and Leon put Candace on all fours, face on the floor and
butt in the air. One by one they stepped up to her rear and jerked their cock
until they dumped their load in Candace's open rectum. Cum overflowed Candace's
asshole dripping down her slit on to the floor.

  "Bring the bitch's whelp over here," said Joe speaking to the group
surrounding Briana. They drug Briana to where she was directly underneath
Candace.

  "Suck Mother's pussy," said Joe.

  Briana raised her head to lick Candace's cunt that was dripping slime.

  "Hold her mouth open," said Joe. Leon grabbed Briana's nose and jaw forcing
her mouth open. At the same time, Simon and Rico picked Candace up positioning
her so her anus was directly over Briana's open mouth.

  "Open wide, Briana, here comes an ass load of spunk," said Joe.

  "You're going to love this," said Leon.

  "This is the fun part," said Joe as he stepped forward and slammed his huge
fist into Candace's lower abdomen. The force of the blow compacting her internal
organs caused an explosion of semen and saliva mixed with flecks of shit to
burst into Briana's mouth. Briana greedily swallowed all she could of the ass
cocktail but it overflowed her mouth and covered her face.

  "Just to make sure we got it all," said Joe once again using all his force to
punch Candace's abdomen. There was another burst of fluids and solids from
Candace's asshole. Briana gulped down the contents of her mouth as the rest
covered her face and hair. Briana licked her lips and used her finger to push
more of the contents of her mother's rectum into her mouth.

  "Now it is your turn, Candace. I hope you like swallowing jism out of your
daughter's ass," said Joe as they flipped Briana over to a tabletop position.




Chapter 67 - Voter Registration



Please take note! Adults Only Literature

The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written for
adults only.

If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing this
file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
now.

This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
is purely coincidental, etc.

Email HarryBerg01@aol.com with your comments.

Copyright 2004

                                                             ****

     "They're coming, Doctor Freedman," announced Markham quietly as he tapped
on the closed door. Markham was the head of the Reverend Doctor's security
detail, the Brotherhood. One of his gate sentries had just notified Markham that
a caravan of black Chevrolet Suburbans had entered the deserted industrial park
on the outskirts of Columbia, South Carolina.

  "Come in, Brother Markham," spoke a deep resonating voice from behind the
door.

  It was Saturday and everything was quiet. During the week, the floor of the
one story building would have been filled with several hundred employees busily
processing incoming mail and fulfilling mail orders for Brother Freedman's
African American Foundation. While the foundation's base was in South Carolina
and adjoining states, television provided an outreach that covered the US.

  Currently, Doctor Freedman was looking for a larger building to lease since he
was outgrowing the existing one.

  Markham slid his access card through the reader then turned the door handle
when the lock clicked open.

  "Everything ready, Brother Markham?" asked the Doctor who was leaning back in
his high backed desk chair. His pants were down around his ankles and there was
a very young and pretty white girl kneeling between his legs sucking his cock.

  "Yes, Doctor Freedman, they should be here in a minute."

  "Hurry up, Michelle. Some of the Lord's work needs doing," said the Doctor
tilting the girl's head up to look in her face. Her cheeks were coated with
saliva and long blonde strands of hair were stuck to her face. She busily licked
the underside of his cock as she looked up at the reverend with eyes dulled by
drugs.

  "Suck my balls just like the last time," said the Doctor. The girl's red lip
formed a circle as she took one of the Doctor's testicles in her mouth and
sucked gently.

  "Oh I think I died and gone to Jesus," sighed the Doctor as he relaxed back in
the chair.    "Michelle told me she's been sucking cock since she was eleven.
Didn't you honey?"

  "Yes, all my girl friends did too," said Michelle halting briefly to respond
then switching to the Doctor's other gonad.

  "You ever see such a pretty face, Brother Markham?"

  "Michelle is a very beautiful girl," agreed Brother Markham.  Markham had no
use for drug users or white whores but he had to admit that Michelle was a
strikingly beautiful young woman.

  "And from one of the oldest and finest families in the state. Her great great
great granddaddy Cecil Mitchell owned over two hundred slaves at the time of the
Emancipation Proclamation. His plantation, Congaree, was located on the edge of
the Great Congaree Swamp. Legend has it that if one of his slaves got caught
running away, he would feed that poor nigger to the gators.

  "Did you know that about your ancestor, Michelle?"

  "No, Doctor Freedman," said Michelle as she continued to orally administer to
the reverend.

  "Michelle is only fifteen and hasn't had opportunity to learn about her family
history. Have you darling?"

  "Why would I want to learn shit like that?" said Michelle glancing up toward
the reverend from his kneeling position.

  "The young today have no sense of history. Do they Brother Markham?"

  "No, Doctor Freedman, none at all."

  "I also read where Cecil had a fondness for Negress and spent his nights in
the slave quarters. According to the diary he left, Cecil was responsible for
many of the mixed race children born on Congaree Plantation. I have kinfolk from
down by the swamp. Michelle and I could be related. What would you think of
that, Michelle?"

  "Kewl," answered Michelle hardly looking up.

  "I feel like finishing in your pussy for a change. Give you a little black
baby to grow in your tummy. Hop up here sweetheart and sit yourself down on
Doctor Freedman's big prick."

  Markham watched as the model thin girl stood up and kneeled on the arms of the
Doctor's office chair facing him. In one smooth motion she pulled her red plaid
uniform skirt up to her waist then reached down to pull her thong aside with one
hand as she guided the Doctor's cock into her hole with her other hand. Michelle
gave a grunt followed by a hiss as she slid the long black cock into her pussy.

  "See that, girl's got talent," said Doctor Freedman. "Aren't many girls her
age can handle my Johnson like that."

  "She's gifted," agreed Brother Markham as he felt his own cock stir from
watching Michelle ride his boss's pecker.

  "Who busted your cherry, sweetheart? Was it your daddy, the Governor?" said
Doctor Freedman

  "No, it was Uncle Wesley," said Michelle as she began to slowly raise and
lower herself on the Doctor's cock. Her eyes were closed as she concentrated on
squeezing her pussy tight around the nine-inch cock.

  "Senator Wesley Morrison, that old goat, always showing up on TV with a Bible
in his hand talking about doing the Lord's Will in the Congress. When did the
Senator take your virginity?"

  Michelle halted a moment to think then spoke. "It was in the boathouse at his
place on Lake Murray. It was my thirteenth birthday."

  "And how was it?"

  "It hurt like hell. And I couldn't stop bleeding. Aunt Carole had to take me
to a doctor."

  "So your Aunt knew that the Senator had taken liberties with you?"

  "She was there when he did it."

  "I'm surprised a sweet innocent young girl like you allowed an old man like
the Senator to do such a thing."

  "I was pretty drunk. Aunt Carole and I had been drinking wine."

   "Open your shirt up so I can play with those pretty titties."

  Michele unbuttoned her blouse then unsnapped the front of her bra. The
Doctor's large black hands instantly covered her small breasts.

  "Oh those are nice," moaned the Doctor as his kneaded the tender flesh and
squeezed the tiny pink nipples.

  "I'm going to get a boob job for my sixteenth. Mommie said I could," said
Michele.

  "Why, they're perfect just as they are. Aren't they Brother Markham?"

  "They're very beautiful," said Markham.

  "Too small, I want big titties like my Momma," protested Michelle.

  Markham relaxed in a nearby chair as Michelle rode the Doctor to a climax.  As
the Doctor released his sperm in Michelle's vagina he grabbed her as he moved
quickly to the floor bending her double, elevating her rear.

  "Let's just stay like this for a minute. So the Doctor's seed can run downhill
to your womb and fertilize that egg you said you were ovulating. You want to
have my baby, don't you sweetheart?"

  "It would be so cool. Mommie and Daddy would shit in their pants if I got
pregnant."

  "And wouldn't they be surprised when out popped a nape headed black baby?"
said the Doctor.

  "Daddy would just die and so would Momma," said Michelle laughing.

  "All right, Michelle, Markham will have Rodney will drive you back home. Next
time you bring your little sister."

  "I will if you give me something to take with me," said Michelle.

  Doctor Freedman opened a top drawer in the large desk and extracted a handful
of foil packets. He counted out six packets and handed them to Michelle's out
stretched hand but did not release them.

  "You promise to bring Traci next time?"

  "I promise. But she's no fun. She's still a virgin. The only thing she will
let Robert do is make out and play with her titties," said Michelle.

  "Who is Robert?" said the Doctor dropping the foil packets in Michelle's open
hand.

  "Her dorky boyfriend," said Michelle quickly grabbing several more of the foil
packets off the pile lying on the desk.

  "You little scamp, give me a kiss and get the hell out of here," laughed
Doctor Freedman.

***

  Minutes later, Markham returned from escorting Michelle to the car that would
take her back to her girlfriend's house. Doctor Freedman had finished washing up
at a nearby sink and was brushing her hair.

  "You talk to Rodney," said the Doctor.

  "Yes, straight home. I told him the next time he messed up would be his last,"
said Brother Markham.

  "Stupid nigger, you tell him the only thing saved his ass this time is he's
family. If he wasn't Aunt Sadie's boy he and his nuts would be in two different
zip codes."

  "From now on, Rodney will do as he told," said Brother Markham. Earlier, he
and two of his enforcers had stripped Rodney naked and hung him from an overhead
pipe. The Brotherhood's enforcers had begun by using their wide metal studded
belts on Rodney to the point that he was quivering, sobbing, and pleading for
them to stop. Brother Markham had placed Rodney's testicles in the open V of a
pair of surgically sharpened hedge shears. "You got two choices. Rodney, you can
do exactly as you're told and not fuck around or you can continue to screw up.
In which case, the brothers here will work on you with pliers and a blowtorch
for a couple of hours then I'm going to cuts your nuts off with these hedge
shears. What's it going to be, Nigger?" Before Rodney could answer, Brother
Markham had snapped the blade closed a quarter inch below his balls. Rodney
fainted.

  "Did he thing we're so damn dumb we wouldn't find out?"

  "Who knows with an uneducated brother like that? I took care of it. He won't
do it again. I also handled the crack house where he took her. I'm not sure they
realized who she was. Spread the word for them to keep their mouth shut or else.
I kicked in enough free product to keep them all there zonked out of their mind
for a week."

  "Good. In a way it was funny, Rodney selling the Governor's daughter's pussy
to crack heads for $20. She barely remembers it."

  "Nobody is going to believe a crack addict if one does decide to talk," said
Markham.

  "Good, I got plans for her and her sister and Momma. Did I ever tell you I
asked Amanda Mitchell out on a date when I was in college? Of course, she was
Amanda Collins then."

  "No, I didn't know that."

  "Sure enough did. We were freshman together at SC State. I thought I was hot
shit, basketball and football scholarship. White girls always buzzing around
wanting to see if that old saying, 'once you go black you never go back' was
true. But Amanda was different, prettiest girl on campus. Senior year she was
Miss South Carolina, second runner up in the Miss America pageant. Michelle
reminds me so much of her. Looks just like her. Amanda seemed so far above me I
didn't have the never to ask her out until my junior year."

  "She didn't go."

  "Laughed at me. Told me she didn't date coons."

  "You're kidding?"

  "Nope, bitch was a real racist. Told everyone how some uppity nigger had asked
her out."

  At that moment, Brother Markham's cell phone rang. He answered it quickly
spoke a few words and hung up.

  "Senator Williams is here."

  "With her lesbo body guards?" asked the Doctor.

  "Ten of them in body armor, sworn to give their lives to protect her."

  "What does Brother Sharpton say about her?"

  "He says that Candace William scares him shitless."




Chapter 68 - Organizing SC



Please take note! Adults Only Literature

The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written for
adults only.

If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing this
file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
now.

This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
is purely coincidental, etc.

Email HarryBerg01@aol.com with your comments.

Copyright 2004

                                                             ****

  "What can I do for you, Senator?" asked Doctor Freedman taking a good long
look at Candace's legs. The Doctor was giving thought to the idea that he had
never fucked a US Senator and Candace Williams might well be the first.

  Candace was wearing a navy blue suit with a mid thigh length knit skirt,
shorter than her normal public dress. She purposefully had been careless when
she sat down and the hem had ridden up.

  "Doctor Freedman, I want your support in the upcoming primary election," said
Candace crossing her legs to expose more of the under part of her thighs past
the lace bands at the top of her stay up hose. She smiled to herself as Doctor
Freedman unabashedly admired the view.

  "South Caroline as you know is red neck country. I would think your chances of
success are mighty poor given your circumstances," said the Doctor.

  "Female from a northern liberal state, I appreciate that. That is the reason
that I am going to need a record turnout of black voters. If I combine that with
a majority of the women's vote plus a strong showing among Latino voters I can
win. And if I achieve victory in a state where no one thinks I have a chance,
then I can sweep to the party's nomination."

  "Sounds like a plan. However, elections have become enormous expensive. It
takes serious money to get out the vote in a state where your average black
person doesn't see much reason to go to the polls," said Dr. Freedman.

  "True and I am fully prepared to underwrite the most extensive voter
registration drive followed by the best organized get out the black vote
campaign than anyone has ever seen in the South," said Candace.

  "And who is going to lead that for you?"

  "You are, Dr. Freedman, every waking moment, every ounce of energy, every
breath you take between now and election day is going to be focused on one
thing, my election."

  "Do tell. Exactly why would I do that?"

  "I'm going to convince you that supporting me is the most important thing in
your life," said Candace.

   "That's going to cost you. It's going to cost a lot more than coming in here
and showing a little leg. Although I must admit for someone running for
President you are a mighty fine looking woman."

  "Thank you, Doctor Freedman. When Al Sharpton talked about what it would take
to bring you on board, serious amounts were mentioned. $10million, $20million
deposited to your secret account at Carstairs Bank on Grand Cayman. But later
when I really thought about it I decided that it would be better if you worked
for nothing. Of course, my campaign will pay any expenses that you incur on my
behalf but for you personally nothing other than my gratitude."

  "They didn't tell me you smoked weed. But you must be on some of that BC Bud
because Dwight Freedman doesn't work for free. You can hike that little skirt of
yours up and show me your coochie then get down on your knees and suck my cock
but nothing's free," said Doctor Freedman his voice rising. He and Markham had
previously decided that $30million was the starting point in negotiations. 

  "I figured that you would need to be re-educated that's why I plan to spend
several days changing your mind."

  "Damn Senator, are you out of your fucking mind. I ought to spread you out on
this desk and teach you some respect. You look like you could use a good fuck,"
said the Doctor starting to stand up.

  In a blur, Candace sprang across the desk, slammed the Doctor back down in his
chair and grabbed the back of his head and pulled it between her thighs. In a
smooth unbroken motion, Candace hiked her skirt up to her waist and pulled the
crotch of her thong to one side exposing her hairless sex.

  "Eat me, you black motherfucker or I'll break your Goddamn neck," whispered
Candace.

  The Doctor was astonished at her speed and strength. He had no time to react
as his lips came in contact with Candace's already wet vagina. The womanly hand
drawing his head toward her exposed slit was irresistible. Its power was so
great that the Doctor's struggles seemed insignificant.

  "You have the reputation of being a man that does not go down," said Candace.

  "I don't eat pussy. That's for white boys," said Dr. Freedman struggling in
fear against the hand that was slowly rubbing his face in Candace's glistening
pussy.

  "But you are going to eat mine. Aren't you doctor?" said Candace applying
pressure to the back of the Doctor's neck.

  The Doctor felt the bones in the back of his neck bend under pressure of
Candace's hand. He screamed then unable to resist the intense force and pain he
was feeling at the top of his spine he extended his tongue and licked between
Candace's labia. The musky smell of Candace's sex filled his nostrils as his
lips and tongue encountered the moist core of her pussy.

  "Work at it, Doctor. Make me happy or I just might pull your spine out of your
body. Before you and I are done, giving me head is one of the things you'll look
forward to most," said Candace enjoying the sensation created by the Doctor's
tongue as it passed over her sex.

  "Our ride will be here in less than two minutes," said Rhonda entering the
room with Markham's card key.

  "Everything went according to plan?" asked Candace hearing the faint beats of
the rotor blades as the helicopter approached.

  "It went like clock work. Markham is already on the roof waiting for the
chopper," said Rhonda reaching into a leather case to extract a syringe.

  "How is the Reverend Doctor at eating pussy?" asked Rhonda leaning over to
kiss Candace on the lips.

  "Not as good as you. He has a lot to learn," said Candace after breaking the
kiss.

  "This should keep him calm for the journey," said Rhonda jabbing the needle in
Doctor Freedman's arm.

  "Hey, I haven't cum yet," lightly protested Candace.

  "I'll finish you in the back of the helicopter," said Rhonda pushing the
Doctor's head away from Candace's pussy replacing his tongue with her fingers.
"You're nice and wet."

  "Raping men gets me hot," said Candace.

  The drug injected in the Doctor's arm rendered him immobile but still
temporarily conscious. He watched helplessly as several of the Amazons wheeled
in a stretcher and placed him on it. He was rolled to the roof access. On the
way, he passed several members of Markham's people, the Brotherhood. The Amazons
had captured and disarmed them without firing a shot.

  He saw that the Amazons were having some fun at the Brotherhood's expense. As
he rolled past, the Doctor found himself looking into the pain filled eyes of
Delano, Markham's middle son. Delano was laying face down over a barrel. His
pants were missing. A tall black Amazon was forcing a very large strap on dildo
up Delano's rear.

  "I told the girls they could butt fuck the Brotherhood," said Rhonda to
Candace as they walked by the scene of ten black males being sodomised by the
Amazons. Their cries of pain and anguish filled the air. "You know how dykes
love to work on misogynist bastards like these."

  "Boy, have you ever had it up the ass before?" asked Candace of Delano as she
reached down to grab his hair lifting his face.

  "No, never," cried Delano as the fifteen inch dildo traveled up his bowels.

  "It looks like you're not going to shit right for a month," said Candace
letting Delano's head drop.

  "Give his nuts a twist, Sandra. Let's see how loud he can scream," said Rhonda
to the Amazon plowing Delano's butt.

  "Yes, Ma'am," replied Sandra reaching down to take a firm hold on Delano's
testicles. Sandra re-positioned the dildo just inside Delano's sphincter. As she
lunged forward, she crushed Delano's gonads in her hand as she twisted his
scrotum. The boy sounded a long plaintive cry of physical agony as his pain
centers were overwhelmed by the dual sensations of testicular pain combined with
the invasion of his intestines by the long thick column of latex.

  "Excellent scream," said Candace. "Keep up the good work."

  Candace helped the Amazons carry the stretcher up the steps through the access
door to the warehouse roof and the waiting helicopter. In the background, the
agonizing cries of the Brotherhood filled the air as the Amazons competed to see
who could make a Brother scream the loudest.

***

    Doctor Freedman finally lost consciousness during the helicopter ride. He
saw Markham on a stretcher next to his. He had some recollection of Rhonda and
Candace rolling around naked on the floor engaged in oral intercourse. He had
marveled at the energy they expended as they noisily worked on each other's sex
with their mouths. Then he had passed out.

  It was sometime later that he started to awake. Initially, he didn't
understand why his arms hurt so much then he discovered that he was upright
hanging from the ceiling by his wrists. Wide leather straps tightly circled his
wrists. Metal cables were connected to the straps. They reached upward to take
up reels in the ceiling. More straps and cables anchored his widely spread legs
to the ground. He was stretched taut like a star.

  As his awareness grew, he felt the large expandable butt plug that was firmly
inserted just inside his sphincter.

  God, my butt feels like someone stuffed a cucumber in my hole thought Doctor
Freedman sensing that a very large object was pressing outward against the walls
of his rectum.

  He also realized that his cock and balls were incased in a constricting
weighted leather harness that was causing him intense pain.   When he managed to
focus his eyes, he could see in the dim light that Markham was similarly
restrained less than two yards away. Markham's balls were cinched tightly and a
heavy metal weight was pulling them toward the floor.

  "They took our clothes," said Markham groggily acknowledging the fact that he
and the Doctor were naked.  "I feel like my nuts are being ripped off."

  "My God, what the hell happened?" said Doctor Freedman to Markham, his
brother-in-law and the man responsible for his security.

  "I don't know exactly. They were supposed to bring only ten guards but the
next thing I knew there was a hundred of them bitches around us. We never saw
them coming," said Markham dejectedly.

  "Some fucking security you and the Brotherhood were," said Doctor Freedman
disgustedly. "That cunt made me eat her nasty pussy. She's not fucking human.
She's strong, real strong."

  "I heard screaming when I was up on the roof," said Markham.

  "That was the sound of your boy Delano and the rest of the Brotherhood finding
out how it felt to have a rubber dick rammed up their ass while someone twisted
their nuts. It serves them right. They were supposed to protect me," said Doctor
Freedman.

  "Good, you're awake, we can get started," said Candace coming into the room.
All of a sudden the room was flooded with bright light.

  Doctor Freedman and Markham were surprised to see that Candace was wearing a
short silk robe that was open revealing her nakedness. What was even more
shocking was that Candace was carrying a naked girl infant.

  "Sandrine, meet Doctor Dwight Freedman and his associate, Markham Ferguson,
his brother-in-law and the man responsible for his security or lack there of.
Can you say hi to the men, sweetheart?" said Candace taking Sandrine's hand and
waving it toward the two men.

  "If you know what's good for you, Senator, you better get us down from here
and take us back to where you found us," said Doctor Freedman.

  "My goodness is that a threat? And here I am holding my first grandchild.
Isn't she adorable?" said Candace holding the baby for them to see.

  "This is some sick shit, Senator. What the hell is going on?" said Doctor
Freedman looking carefully at the naked child. It was at that point that the
Doctor and Sandrine locked gazes. The Doctor was forced to look away.

  "Her eyes, there's something wrong with that baby's eyes," screamed Doctor
Freedman.

  "Sandrine has her father's eyes. Don't you sweetheart?" said Candace turning
Sandrine around and looking into her face before kissing her stomach.

  "There you are," spoke another female voice. "Are we ready to get started?"
said Briana entering the room. She was dressed like her mother, a short silk
robe that was open revealing large milk filled breasts.

  "Yes, it's time," said Candace walking over to a nearby playpen where she
placed Sandrine who was looking expectantly at the two naked black men.

  "Is my baby girl ready to listen to the black men scream?" cooed Candace to
Sandrine.

  "I'm Briana, the baby's mother," announced Briana to the two astonished black
men. Briana caught the chain that held the weight attached to the Doctor's
scrotum between her toes and pushed downward. The Doctor screamed in response.
When Markham looked at Sandrine, he saw that she was smiling and clapping her
hands at the noise.

  "She loves it. Do it again, Briana," said Candace.

  Doctor Freedman screamed again when Briana once more made him feel the intense
pain of having his testicles stretched toward the floor.

  "How do you want to begin?" asked Briana as Candace left Sandrine in her
playpen and walked over to a wall where several different types of torture
instruments were displayed.

  "Let's start with floggers until they pass out then after we wake them up
we'll switch to canes," said Candace taking two cat-o-nines off the wall and
handing one to Briana.

  "You're not going to hit us with that. Look about the election, we can work
something out," said Dr. Freedman becoming terrified when he saw the heavy black
multi-stranded whips.

  "I've read where you are a recognized authority on the history of slavery in
the United States. Then you should recognize this is the type of whip that an
overseer would use on a runaway slave. It's patterned after the famed cat-o-nine
whip favored by the Royal Navy. You'll find it very effective," said Candace
branding the whip in the air as she took several practice swings.

  "I'll do whatever you say about the election. Just don't use that on me,"
screamed the Doctor as he watched Candace and Briana take their stances.

  "We'll talk about it later," said Candace stepping behind the Doctor then
delivering a full swing of the cat across his back. Before the Doctor's scream
had died, Briana brought her cat across Markham's back.

  "No, for the love of God don't," screamed the Doctor an instant before a
second blow scorched his back. The Doctor had not known such pain existed. The
men lost track of the number of blows.

  "Please don't mention God around Sandrine, you'll scare her," said Candace as
her arm cocked for the next blow.

  The lashing settled down into a pattern as Candace and Briana delivered blow
after blow to the screaming squirming men. In between lashes, the two begged for
mercy. Sandrine watched intently from her playpen most of the time on her back
pulling her feet to her mouth and sucking on her toes.

  At almost the same time, the two black men fainted. The two sweating naked
females took a short break to see to Sandrine before returning to the men.

  "Scarred for life," said Candace running her hand over Doctor's Freedman's
bloody back.  "And it was such a beautiful back, the kind a woman loves to run
her hands over while she's being fucked."

  Candace displayed her blood-covered hand to the Doctor as she revived him by
pouring cold water over his head. He sucked hard on the nipple of the sports
style bottle when Candace brought it to his lips.

  "Now, your back looks like a slave's who's been giving his mistress a
difficult time," said Candace holding the water bottle for the Doctor to drink. 

  "Here's this will liven them up," said Briana handing Candace a canister of
kosher sea salt.

  Briana stepped behind Markham as she filled her palm with a handful of the
crystal white granules.

  "This is going to seriously hurt, Markham," said Briana as she rubbed the salt
into the hundreds of cuts and abrasions on his back. Markham saw that Candace
was also applying salt to the Doctor's back. The pain took a few seconds to
start. It grew slowly from a slow burn to a raging wildfire as it traveled
across his back. In a matter of seconds, Markham threw his head back and
screamed as the sea salt reacted with his open wounds. Each individual cut
became a fierce locus of concentrated agony as the crystals dissolved in the
blood.

  "Some of the old ways are best when it comes to torture," said Candace as both
men sounded a cacophony of piteous shrieks.

  "I wonder who first realized that applying salt to a wound would make it hurt
so much," said Briana.

  "Undoubtedly a name lost to history but given that salt was commonly used to
preserve meat before refrigeration was invented, I imagine its pain inducing
properties were independently happened upon by several different cultures," said
Candace watching as Doctor Freedman writhed in agony in his restraints. His body
shook and twisted as he cried out.

  "Sandrine is certainly enjoying herself,' said Briana looking toward her
infant daughter who was sitting up closely watching the men's agony with a smile
on her face.

  "You got a nice piece of meat there. I hope you know how to use it," said
Briana to Markham.

   "Please, no more," said Markham to Briana as she passed her hand over the
leather codpiece restraining his cock.

  "Will we be able to fuck them later, Mother? I'm feeling a little randy," said
Briana opening a bottle of water and giving Markham a drink.

  "Yes of course dear in due time."

  "Please, Ma'am, just don't whip this poor nigger any more. I'll give you the
best fuck you ever had. I love white pussy," said Markham.

  "Aren't you sweet? What do you think, Mother?" asked Briana.

  "Here's a cane. We need to take them further down the boulevard of hellish
pain before we stop," said Candace.

  "Sorry Markham. Mom's the boss. You are going to have to suffer some more
before you get a piece of my pussy," said Briana trying out the flexible cane in
the air.

  "Oh God, no," said Doctor Freedman watching Candace practice with the cane.

  "Oh God, yes,' replied Candace bringing her arm around in a wide arc to land
the cane across the Doctor's buttocks.

  Both men reacted so strongly to the pain that every tendon and muscle in their
body became visible as they strained against their bonds.  The Doctor fainted at
ten blows of the cane and Markham at twelve.

  Candace revived the two with cold water while Briana cared for Sandrine. When
Doctor Freedman struggled back to awareness, Briana was standing in front of him
nursing Sandrine.

  "Would you like some breast milk, Doctor Freedman?" casually asked Briana.
Sandrine was noisily sucking on Briana's right breast. Her face and mouth were
covered with the whitish fluid.

  "Yes," said Doctor Freedman leaning forward to capture the free nipple in his
mouth. Ordinarily the Doctor would have found the idea of ingesting milk from a
woman's breast highly disgusting but he was in the process of losing his own
will to act. He had become highly susceptible to any suggestion made my Candace
or Briana.

  The Doctor felt Sandrine's tiny hand on the side of his face as he placed his
mouth around Briana's areola. His lips sensed the swollen milk buds and the
large spongy nipple as he applied suction. He was immediately rewarded with a
gush of warm liquid in his mouth. It felt unusually warm.

  "Leave some for Markham,' said Briana gently pulling her breast from Doctor
Freedman's mouth. "You want some titty milk, don't you Markham?"

  "Yes, Ma'am, if that is what you want," said Markham also aware that his own
will was bending to their wishes.

  It was several moments before the men began to feel the impact of Briana's
breast milk. Doctor Freedman felt at first a pleasant warmth in his belly. He
began to perspire, as it grew warmer. Then the warmth turned to a fiery heat and
the Doctor felt the heat course threw his veins. His heart began to gyrate like
it was going to explode.

   The Doctor's terror grew. He had the sensation that his blood was boiling.
When he looked over at Markham, he saw the identical look of utter terror on his
face that he suspected was on his own.

  "My breast milk is very strong. It's the same as Sandrine's father was raised
on," said Briana.

  When Markham looked down he saw that his penis was fully erect, more erect
than it had ever been. The surface was smooth as it had expanded to remove the
wrinkles and creases normally present.

  It was at that moment blood began to stream from their urethra. In spite of
the distance between the men, the stream arced across to land on the other's
cock. It was a reality that the human mind could not endure and both men
fainted.

  Several hours later both men slowly awoke to find themselves in a large
bedroom. Someone had bathed them and placed them naked in the oversized bed.
Slowly Markham had climbed out of bed. There was a small buffet of fruits and
cheeses on a sideboard. Realizing he was very hungry Markham grabbed a handful
of grapes and started to eat. Doctor Freedman soon joined him. The men did not
speak as they ate.

  "Beer or wine," asked Markham finally breaking the silence.

  "Beer," responded Doctor Freedman.

  They had nearly finished eating when Candace and Briana arrived. Both women
were smartly dressed. In fact they had just returned from a meeting across the
nearby Potomac.

  "Good, you're up," said Candace.

  "Yes, Mistress, May I ask how long Markham and I will be staying here? I need
to return to Columbia as soon as possible and get started on making sure that
every black man and women in the state are registered."

  "Tomorrow you can return. But this afternoon, Briana and I would like to
celebrate your joining my election bid by having sex with you. After that,
tonight there is a most unusual party at a friend's house. You and Markham can
be our escorts," said Candace reaching back to unzip her dress. Briana had
already slipped off her jacket and was busily unbuttoning her blouse.

  "I need black cock in my pussy," announced Briana unzipping her skirt and
allowing it to fall to the floor.

  "That would be our pleasure," said Doctor Freedman falling to his knees in
anticipation that he would soon have his face buried in Candace's cunt.



Chapter 69 &ndash; Costume Gala  
Please take note! Adults Only Literature  
The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written
  for adults only.  
If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing
  this file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
  now.  
This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
  is purely coincidental, etc.  
Email HarryBerg01@aol.com with your comments.  
Copyright 2004  
 ****   
 "That's perfect, just keep sucking and licking until my asshole opens up," said
  Candace to Doctor Freedman. Candace, Briana, Doctor Freedman, and Brother Markham
  were in the back of an armored stretch limousine on their way to a costume
  gala. The site of the party was the Northern Virginia estate of George Morgan,
  reputedly the second richest man in America and the fourth richest in the world.  
 Candace and Briana were dressed as high-ranking officers in the Roman army.
  Their dress carried the insignia of a Roman consul. Their shiny plumed helmets
  rested on the seats beside them. Underneath their pleated leather skirts they
  wore no underwear; however a large strap on dildo lay barely concealed underneath.
  At the moment the dildo dangled loosely toward the ground reaching to the very
  hem of the skirt. By marrying the end of the dildo to a fixture on a leather
  waist belt, the dildo could be transformed into a rigid strap on cock suitable
  for penetrating both male and female orifices. A concealed switch at the base
  of the sex toy changed the dildo's surface from smooth to one covered with
  hard punishing spines.  
 Candace had discovered a talented designer of what could be loosely termed
  'marital aids'. He managed a small company in Tokyo who public business was
  the design of cell phones and other electronic gadgets for the youth market.
  However the designer had a side interest or hobby in creating dildos that employed
  the latest technology. Candace and Briana's dildos were packed with electronics
  powered by a miniaturized hydrogen fuel cell. Capable of creating incredible
  pain or pleasure, both women were looking forward to using their newly acquired
  sex toys for the first time.  
 In contrast to Candace and Briana's antique military garb, the Doctor and
  Markham wore identical risqu&eacute; versions of a modern nurse's uniform.
  Platinum blonde wigs, reminiscent of Jean Harlow were carefully fitted to their
  head. Both men had removed all of their body hair as part of the process of
  feminization that Candace had ordered earlier that day. Luckily, the men had
  retained the tall thin physiques they had when they first met on the college's
  basketball team. Experts had applied their make up. Prosthesis gave the impression
  of a substantial bust under the form fitting nurse's uniform. The hemline ended
  well above the hose tops and the straps of their white lace garter belts were
  clearly visible. A matching lace panty slit at the crotch but held together
  by Velcro strained to hold in their large hard cocks. Candace had directed
  them to ingest one of the many drugs on the market intended for male erectile
  dysfunction. The drug insured that both men would maintain a full erection
  for the next sixteen hours. White four-inch pumps completed their outfits.  
 At the moment, the Candace and Briana's legs were spread wide with their
  scandal-clad feet braced against the limo's roof. The men were kneeling on
  the floor with their face buried between the women's legs.  
 The women were rubbing their clit with one hand while the other worked a
  large regular dildo into their vagina. Candace was pumping her pussy as she
  slapped her clit with an open palm.  
 "Opening up now. Suck that open hole," called out Briana as she felt her
  sphincter relax.  
 "Don't you just love it when you feel their tongues swabbing out your asshole," said
  Candace. "Suck my butthole clean."  
 "Too bad, we don't have any semen and piss in our butts for them to suck
  out and swallow," said Briana.  
 "Later, we will on the ride back," said Candace.  
 "We're almost there. We better cum," said Briana.  
 The two women sent the next few minutes working their clit and vagina hard
  as they urged the men to greater efforts.  
 "Blow in my butt like it was a balloon then suck all the air back out," commanded
  Candace.  
 The Doctor formed a seal around Candace's open sphincter and blew with all
  his might into her rectum. Then he inhaled the air in through his mouth and
  out his nose. Markham was noisily providing Briana similar sensations. Mother
  and daughter experienced near simultaneous orgasms as their convoy pulled up
  to the gate.  
 "Security needs to look inside," announced the driver who had lowered the
  partition. The Amazon driver was mildly amused at the sight of the two tall
  thin black men in nurse's costumes providing wet and noisy rim jobs to the
  two females.  
 "Unlock," responded Candace to the driver. Candace's command was immediately
  followed by the sound of the door locks clicking open.  
 "You two just keep sucking ass," said Candace as the driver opened the door.  
 A handsome young man in the uniform of a security guard peered in the limo.
  In one hand was a book containing pictures of the guests. In the other was
  a self-contained portable thumb print recognition system. The guard recognized
  Senator Williams.  
 "Senator, if you would be so kind," said the guard extending the platen
  for Candace to place her thumb.  
 "My thumb is all covered in pussy. Would you like to lick it clean, Gary?" asked
  Candace extending her hand toward the guard.  
 "Certainly," said Gary taking the Senator's secretion soaked thumb in his
  mouth and sucking on it as he ran his tongue over the service. After a few
  seconds, he placed her still damp thumb on the platen then said, "Welcome Senator
  Williams" when the machine's tone reported its confirmation.  
 "Miss Williams," said Gary taking Briana's thumb in his mouth.  
 "Now for your two guests," announced Gary having cleared Briana.  
 "Hold you hand out for the nice man, Maya," said Candace to Doctor Freedman
  who had not ceased for a moment his rimming of Candace's asshole.  
 "Doctor Freedman, welcome to Wilhemina Plantation," said Gary who then repeated
  the recognition procedure of for Brother Markham.  
 It was a half-mile ride from the gate to the main house. The parking lot
  was filled with limousines and the guest's personal security guards. Candace's
  Amazon guards, at least the bisexual ones licked their lips as they scanned
  the well-muscled guards and drivers leaning against the limousines. They knew
  it wouldn't be long before they would be spread across a car seat getting fucked.  
 "Suck my ass hard, Maya, I'm going to fart," ordered Candace using the female
  name she had selected for Doctor Freedman. Candace braced her legs against
  the limo roof as she contracted her abdominal muscles. The sound of a loud
  fart filled the air followed by the rush of air from Maya's nostrils.  
 "That was very satisfying," said Candace catching her breath.  
 "I've got one too, Stephanie, you lucky girl. Mine is going to be a wet
  one, enjoy," groaned Briana referring to Brother Markham by his feminine name.  
 "Oh shit," groaned Briana as she strained to expel the content of her GI
  tract.  
 Briana's fart had a different tone as the combination of intestinal gas
  and anal fluids were propelled into Stephanie's mouth that had formed a tight
  seal around her sphincter. Fortunately for Stephanie, she/he had been inhaling
  at exactly the right moment and the expelled fluids coated his oral cavity.  
 "Stephanie, share with Maya," ordered Briana.  
 The two women watched with amusement as the nurses embraced and engaged
  in a long and busy bout of tongue kissing.  
 "We're here," interrupted the driver.  
 "You two can stop now. We need to fix your make-up and lipstick," said Candace
  handing Stephanie and Maya a canister of wet wipes.  
 "What kind of an affair is this,' asked Maya as the four entered the large
  ballroom.  
 "It is a charity gala. The George Morgan Foundation supports dozens of orphanages
  spanning all five continents. That's the serious part. The fun part is that
  it's also a costume party with the proviso that male guests must dress feminine
  and female guests masculine. Oh, there is our table, Table 2" said Candace
  as they walked toward the front of the room.  
 Maya and Stephanie were surprised that there were already six young people
  that appeared to be in their teens seated at the table for ten. They both had
  to look close to realize that the three dressed as girls were actually boys
  and the three dressed as young boys were in fact girls. The girls were dressed
  as sailors and the boys as high school cheerleaders.  
 I didn't need drugs to keep a hard on for this thought Maya as he felt his
  cock twitch against the raw silk of his panty crotch. I'm going to suck me
  some little boy dick while I fuck some little girl pussy.  
 "How much does something like this cost?" Stephanie whispered to Briana.  
 "There must be several hundred guests," said Maya looking around the enormous
  room noting that thee tables were mostly filled with both adults and teenagers.  
 "Candace always buys an entire table. Each seat is ten thousand so the table
  is one hundred thousand dollars," replied Briana.  
 "Wow, that's serious money," said Stephanie.  
 "It's for charity. The Morgan Foundation does enormous good with its orphanages," said
  Candace.  
 "The number of children from the orphanage depends on your wishes. I thought
  six would be enough to keep us amused," said Briana.  
 "Let's introduce ourselves," said Candace going up to the first boy and
  exchanging names then engaging in a passionate tongue kiss.  
 "Hello, I'm Maya. You look adorable," said Doctor Freedman kneeling down
  beside the blonde girl dressed in a midshipmen's uniform.  
 "I'm Cindy, Maya. If there is anything I can do to make the party more enjoyable
  for you, please do not hesitate to ask," said Cindy before applying her lips
  to Maya's for a prolonged mutual invasion of tongues.  
 "I'm Stephanie, what's your name?" said Brother Markham kneeling on one
  knee by the young boy. Stephanie placed his hand on the boy's knee and squeezed
  it gently.  
 "I'm Lucas and I just want you to know that I'm up for anything you want,
  anything at all," said Lucas leaning in to kiss Stephanie's lips as his hand
  reached under the short nurse's skirt to fondle Stephanie's hard cock.  
 "They're ready to start. We need to sit down and behave for a while," said
  Candace once all the introductions were over.  
 Waiters flowed out of the kitchen pushing carts of exotic food. During dinner,
  a chamber orchestra played Bach cantatas while a huge screen behind the speaker's
  dais showed images taken from the fourteen orphanages operated by the foundation.  
 "How old are these children?" asked Maya during dinner.  
 "They are between thirteen and fifteen. Right children?" said Candace to
  the table.  
 In response, the six announced their ages. Four were thirteen, one fourteen
  and one fifteen.  
 "The orphanages only take that age bracket?" asked Maya.  
 "Oh no, but in the US and Western Europe, it's considered prudent not to
  include children younger than thirteen. In Eastern Europe, younger children
  are invited," said Briana.  
 "Last year at the party in Bangkok, the orphan guests were all less than
  ten years of age," said Candace.  
 My God these rich folks butt fuck children and do it in the name of charity
  thought Brother Markham as he looked around the huge room. Several of the guests
  were already taking liberties with the orphans.  
 Nearby, a distinguished looking black man who Stephanie recognized as the
  UN representative of a large African country had a waif like white girl sitting
  on his lap. His large black cock was deep inside her pussy that looked far
  too tiny to accept such a huge intruder. The girl's trousers and panty were
  pulled down to her knees. Her eyes were closed as she used her skinny legs
  to raise and lower herself on the stiff male prick. The contrast of the girl's
  perfect fair complexion with the cold black skin of the man created an erotic
  surge in Stephanie's crotch.  
 Man this old nigger is going to enjoy some young white pussy and cock tonight
  Maya as he watched guests at adjacent fondling the orphans. Candace obviously
  has a lot of juice thought Maya looking around the room. Our six orphans are
  the pick of the litter. I can't wait to get my hands on them. My cock is going
  right up the ass of those three boys. I can't wait till little Lucas is squealing
  on the end of my pecker.  
 The next hour was spent in a mind numbing presentation of budgetary information
  on foundation operations. Stephanie and Maya were surprised that both Candace
  and Briana paid serious attention to the information making comments about
  particular statistics. Stephanie got the impression that the foundation was
  doing quite well and was about to open its first orphanage in Russia.  
 A tall man dressed in drag introduced himself as George Morgan. He made
  a short talk about the work of the foundation then he thanked an extensive
  list of persons who had helped to sit up the night's gala. As soon as he finished,
  an eight-piece band started to play pop music.  
 "Let's all dance," said Candace getting up to lead the way to the dance
  floor. The floor was getting crowded when the ten arrived.  
 "Let's freak dance," said Briana raising her Roman skirt and rubbing her
  bare pussy up Stephanie's equally bare thigh. She left a trail of slick fluid
  on the top of his thigh.  
 Man this is going to be an evening to remember thought Maya as he felt Cindy's
  hand glide up his thigh to separate the Velcro holding his panty crotch together.  
 "It's so big," squealed a delighted Cindy as she stroked Maya's cock. "I
  hope you fuck me before the party is over."  
Chapter 70 &ndash; Party Time  
Please take note! Adults Only Literature  
The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written
  for adults only.  
If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing
  this file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
  now.  
This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
  is purely coincidental, etc.  
Email HarryBerg01@aol.com with your comments.  
Copyright 2004  
 ****   
 "Man these white motherfuckers got no morals at all," whispered Doctor Freedman
  AKA Maya to himself. He was looking down at the top of Tiffany's head, the
  pretty fourteen-year-old brunette orphan girl sucking his cock. Maya's hand
  had a firm grasp of the girl's auburn curls as he moved her head back and forth
  causing her to gag when his cock closed off her air passage. Maya smiled to
  himself as he watched the girl struggle to breathe. He felt her throat convulsing
  as her gag reflex responded to the presence of his cock in her throat.  
 "That's right, you little white whore. Choke on my black dick. You're not
  the first white bitch to try and swallow it," whispered Maya forcing his cock
  as far into Tiffany's throat as it would reach. Maya held Tiffany's head firmly
  as she struggled only allowing her to breathe when she appeared to be passing
  out.  
 "I can't breathe," complained Tiffany once she had recovered enough to speak.
  Saliva was dripping out of her nostrils and there was a sheet of perspiration
  on her brow.  
 "You'll learn like a good slut or choke to death trying. Black sisters learn
  to breathe though their nose when they're being throat fucked. If they don't
  know how by the time they're twelve, they choke to death. Now let's go again," said
  Maya grabbing Tiffany's ahead and forced it down on his cock. When he felt
  his penis head reach the entrance to her throat, he hesitated for a moment
  to savor the experience then he forced her head downward to wedge his penis
  in her gagging and pulsing throat. Maya watched in amusement as thick bubbles
  of saliva emerged from Tiffany's nose. Her legs were shaking as she struggled
  for breath. Her tongue was aggressively licking the bottom of Maya's cock in
  an effort to please him. Her tongue traced the path of the ridge of skin that
  ran along the underside of his cock.  
 Maya's legs were draped over the padded arms of an easy chair. The skirt
  of the nurse's uniform was hiked up to his waist. His crotch less silk panties
  dangled provocatively from the tip of his left pump. He was seated near the
  dance floor where the dancing had deteriorated into a standup orgy of half
  naked gyrating bodies. Actually it wasn't all that standup since many of the
  dancers were taking advantage of the couches and chairs surrounding the dance
  floor to have sex.  
 Maya felt his cock harden further as he looked around at the depraved activities
  surrounding him. A very thin blonde woman that Maya guessed was in her well-preserved
  fifties was draped across a matching easy chair less than a yard away. She'd
  shed the pants and jacket of her policeman's costume to reveal bright red lingerie.
  Dressed in a bright red garter belt and matching hose with a demi bra supporting
  her aging tits, she looked the part of a worn out street whore.  
 The lady was making grunting sounds as she was forcefully serviced by two
  of the male orphans. Both boys had their cheerleader skirts tucked into their
  waistbands. They were sweating profusely as they pounded away in the woman's
  pussy and mouth. Periodically, she ordered them to switch positions.  
 "Oh shit that tastes divine. I just adore the taste of my cunt on a young
  boy's dick," said the woman to no one in particular as she licked her glandular
  secretions off the head of the boy's cock that had recently found its home
  in her pussy.  
 "That looks pretty hot," said Maya thinking it rude not to comment.  
 "I see you're training that little slut to deep throat. How thoughtful of
  you. These poor orphan children need mentoring. They've no mommies or daddies
  to show them how to fuck," said the woman lifting the boy's cock up with one
  hand to lick his balls.  
 "She's learning," said Maya once more lifting a choking and struggling Tiffany
  off his cock. The sound of the girl gasping for air caused Maya's cock to twitch.  
 "Don't you just love George's parties?' said the woman to Maya taking the
  boy's cock out of her mouth for a moment.  
 "Yeah, they're terrific. It's not often you get the opportunity to fuck
  so many attractive teenagers," replied Maya.  
 "How true. Is this your first party?" asked the woman in between swirling
  her tongue over the cockhead she was stroking with one hand. Her other hand
  was working between the boy's legs buried between his butt cheeks. "They just
  love it when you tickle their ass hole. They're all so anal. They bugger each
  other when they're in the dormitory at night. You love it up the ass, don't
  you Cecil?"  
 "Yes, Ma'am. Sodomy is very enjoyable. The girls like it too," responded
  Cecil, the boy who was screwing the woman's pussy. Taking the hint, he reached
  his hand into the woman's butt crack pushing his moistened finger into her
  anus. The woman moaned slightly then squeezed his finger with her rectal muscles.  
 "That's right, Cecil, put your finger up Momma's butt and stir her shit," gasped
  the woman.  
 "Yes, it's my first," said Maya enjoying the sheer debauchery of the orgy.  
 "Aren't the children beautiful? The Foundation is very selective, only the
  most attractive and intelligent are chosen," said the woman. "I'm Fran Cummings
  by the way."  
 "Doctor Avery Freedman," responded Maya.  
 "Oh yes, I've heard of you. You're with Candace Williams, our next president," said
  Fran.  
 "Yes, my assistant Samuel Markham and I came with Candace and her daughter
  Briana," said Maya.  
 "Briana is such a beautiful young girl and her baby is the most exquisite
  infant I've ever seen. Of course, that's to be expected considering the father,'
  said Fran.  
 "Briana's baby seems unusually intelligent," added Maya as he returned his
  stiff pecker to Tiffany's throat. He didn't want to add that the infant girl
  scared the living shit out of him.  
 "Now, you're getting the hang of it, Tiffany," said Maya as he felt his
  peter slide easily into the warm wet tunnel of the child's throat.  
 "The Foundation is planning to open an orphanage in Nairobi next year. That's
  in Kenya," said Fran. "I'm looking forward to sampling the youth of the Dark
  Continent. Donnie, sweetheart, how about a little squirt of wee-wee for Mommie
  Fran?"  
 Maya watched fascinated as the boy whose cock was in Fran's mouth frowned
  as he concentrated on summoning a quantity of urine from his bladder. His face
  relaxed once he got his flow started. Fran's throat action indicated she as
  swallowing mouthful after mouthful of urine. The aroma of fresh urine wafted
  through the air until it reached Maya's nose.  
 God that rich bitch is a piss drinker realized Maya. I bet little Tiffany
  here would like a sample of Dr. Avery's golden elixir before we're done. These
  people may have money and power but their morals aren't any better than you
  find in the worst black ghettos mused Maya reaching down to put his hand between
  Tiffany's butt cheeks to feel her ass pucker. He slipped the large digit past
  her sphincter noting with satisfaction that she wiggled her butt to embed it
  deeper.  
 "That was wonderful, Donnie. Look at my belly. I'm full as a tick. Doctor
  Avery, boy piss has a marvelous power of rejuvenation. My mother drank a bladder
  of boy piss once in the morning and once in the evening every day for the last
  forty years of her life. She lived to be ninety two and looked much younger
  when she finally succumbed to heart failure," said Fran once she had finished
  swallowing. "Plus the taste is positively marvelous."  
 "Really, I hadn't heard that," said Maya continuing his game of choking
  Tiffany with his cock only allowing her to breathe when she was close to fainting.  
 "But it must be straight from the bladder at body temperature. It's no good
  if you collect it and drink it later," said Fran. "It loses its curative powers."  
 "I'll keep that in mind," said Maya. "Fran, you've attended these parties
  before?"  
 "Oh yes, the Masons and the Cummings go way back. My husband Charles, he's
  the one sodimising that delightful little Mona child over by the bandstand,
  has served on the Foundation's board.  
 Maya looked across the room at a heavyset man dressed in a maid's uniform.
  His short skirt covered the backside of a diminutive red headed girl whose
  trousers had been pushed down to her ankles. The girl grimaced each time that
  Charlie thrust his cock into her ass. When Charles saw that Fran and Maya were
  looking in his directions he waved back.  
 "Yes, I see him," said Maya.  
 "George is so thoughtful. He always makes sure that there is at least one
  pretty red head for Charles to sodomise. Charles' mother was a redhead and
  she was the first woman he had anally," said Fran. "I bet he's over there calling
  sweet little Mona by his mother's name, Gale."  
 "His mom let him fuck her in the shitter?" asked Maya wondering if all rich
  white people were as completely depraved as Fran and her lot.  
 "Gale didn't exactly let him. In fact she had no idea her fifteen-year-old
  son and his friends were traveling her Hershey Highway. She and Charles's stepfather
  had passed out dead drunk in the foyer of their place in West Palm. They'd
  been to a party at the Pulitzer's."  
 "Charles and several of his buddies from St. Andrew's Prep found them there
  dead to the world when they returned from a beach party. Well, you know how
  randy teenage boys are; they stripped the two adults naked and enjoyed themselves
  until Gale threw up all over Sonny Brownlow's boy Danny."  
 "Sounds like they had a good time,' said Maya.  
 "Charles didn't care much for his stepfather so he and his friends screwed
  him royally in the ass then stuck a vintage bottle of champagne, it was a 64
  Krug one of the best years, up his butthole. Charles said it was the only time
  he ever enjoyed any kind of intercourse with his stepfather Count Krushevsky.
  Of course poor Gale only married the Count because he had a noble title and
  an eleven-inch cock. How was she to know that he loved to bugger little boys?
  Still, Charles is awfully proud that from the age of twelve on, he could take
  the Count cock in his ass and never whimper or cry out. He did hate the part
  where after he had been sodomised to the point of exhaustion, he had to lick
  Ivanov's prick clean as a whistle."  
 "The Count really had eleven inches? That's a real hog killer," said Maya.  
 "Yes, it was a wrecking machine. I made the mistake of letting the Count
  screw me right before my first wedding. The Count was a man of daring, a real
  adventurer. He came into the room where I was dressing for my marriage to whats-his-name
  and shooed my mother and the bridesmaids away. He was an unbelievably imposing
  and authoritarian figure. He flung me to the floor and told me to lift my bridal
  gown that he was going to give me the fucking of my life."  
 "And nobody tried to stop him?' questioned Maya.  
 "Why would they do that? After he ripped my panties off, he screwed me on
  the floor of the bride's dressing room at St. Paul's. The head of his prick
  rumbled around in my womb doing untold damage as I screamed my orgasms. Then
  he took my anally and God did that hurt. His peter was covered in shit and
  blood when he pulled it out. He insisted I clean if off with my mouth. I walked
  down the aisle on my father's arm with the taste of my own shit in my mouth.
  It was a beautiful wedding. Mind you, I wasn't a virgin on my wedding day.
  My father had seen to that when I was thirteen."  
 "But you managed to get through the wedding with a wrecked pussy, a bleeding
  asshole and shit on your breath," said Maya.  
 "Yes, I hobbled down the aisle, barely able to walk with semen dripping
  out my twat. It was the wedding of the season. Donnie you switch with Cecil.
  Here use this K-Y warming jell to lubricate Mommy's asshole. I'm ready to have
  my rear penetrated," said Fran handing Donnie the plastic container.  
 "Take your blouse off, Tiffany, so I can see your ta-tas," said Maya after
  he allowed a choking and sputtering Tiffany to come up for a little air.  
 Obedient to a flaw, Tiffany grabbed the bottom of the navy blue midshipmen's
  blouse and pulled it over her head. Maya's cock twitched when he saw how her
  breasts were still not fully formed. It reminded him of his days growing up
  in what passed for the black ghetto of Charleston. He along with other members
  of his gang had competed to bust the cherries of any girl that came into their
  clutches. That had turned out to be quite a few. Maya fondly recalled how they
  squealed in pain the first time they had to take a cock in their vagina and
  how it had thrilled him to pull his blood streaked cock out of a young girl
  writhing in agony each time he slammed his prick in as deep as it would go.
  Of course after a few gang rapes, a girl got used to fucking and then they
  would hang around all the time wanting to screw and making a nuisance of themselves.  
 Maya reached down and took her small buds in his hands and squeezed hard
  while he pulled Tiffany toward him. The girl squirmed and whimpered as Maya's
  strong fingers flattened her nipples. Tears formed in her eyes but she refused
  to cry out.  
 "Listen, you little white bitch, you got to learn to breathe through your
  nose when you're being throat fucked. Now let's try again," said Maya relaxing
  his grip on Tiffany's breasts.  
 "Yes, sir, I'll learn," sniffed Tiffany. Tiffany swirled her tongue around
  the reddish head of Maya's cock. Next she raised the cock with her small hand
  and licked the underside of the shaft all the while making cooing sounds.  
 This is much tougher than the boys at the orphanage thought Tiffany as she
  worked Maya's dick. But the Counselor said there would be some very demanding
  people here tonight and we should go all out all to make them happy. Especially
  since it is their contributions that keep a roof over our heads and food in
  our bellies.  
***  
 George always knows what I like said Candace as the five heavily muscled
  boys slammed her against the wall and began ripping her Roman Consul's uniform
  off. They were being anything but nice about it but that was how she wanted
  it.  
 In an earlier email to George, she had written, "My sex life has gotten
  a little humdrum as of late. It would be much appreciated if you could arrange
  for me to be the subject of considerable violence, humiliation and rape."  
 Kyle, the largest and strongest of the boys brutally pressed his lips against
  Candace's forcing her mouth open with his tongue. His strong hard hands and
  nails dug into her breasts causing her to squirm. Someone ripped the bottom
  of her costume off leaving her clad only in her Roman sandals. Fingers forced
  themselves into her vagina brutally probing her tender parts.  
 Candace had left the dance floor with George Mason. He escorted her to a
  room on the upper floor of his mansion. The five youths were extremely strong
  and athletic. Three of them were on the orphanages wrestling team that had
  won the state championship. The other two ran track and played on the school's
  basketball team. Their young bodies were ripped with muscles and they had the
  superior endurance of their years.  
 Candace wasn't the first woman that the five had violently rapped. George
  responding to the suggestions of certain donors who attended his fund raising
  galas realized that straight sex no matter how depraved did not meet the needs
  of everyone. A year ago, George Mason had assembled the five boys and informed
  them that they were going to be acting as a rape team during the charity galas.
  He had selected not only for their muscular athletic physiques but also upon
  the recommendations of the Counselors that the boys had a predilection for
  violence especially sexual violence.  
 Kyle had raped any number of his fellow orphans leaving them bleeding and
  sobbing in their dormitory beds.  
 "We really should have him sedated on meds before he kills someone," said
  his Counselor when discussing Kyle's joining George's special quintet.  
 "Perhaps in the future we will but for this year, I want our boy Kyle to
  be able fully express his desires," said George.  
 "You are aware that he raped and beat, Inez, one of our counselors. She
  said something that pissed him off. He beat the piss out of her, broke several
  ribs and her nose. Put the stupid bitch in the hospital for a week," said the
  Counselor.  
 "That makes him all the more appealing," said George. "Of course, we have
  out rules and Kyle must obey them. Else, I'll ship him off to our place in
  Brazil where his kind are considered normal," said George.  
 George had explained to the five that the women they would meet had a taste
  for violent sex where there were extreme elements of brutality and humiliation.
  He had also stated that there were limits.  
 "Don't use your fists but open palmed slaps are allowed. In fact, they're
  encouraged,' said George. "You can work on their tits and ass until they're
  cherry red but no permanent damage. Don't break any bones or knock out any
  teeth. But do by all means make them scream."  
 "How about anal?" asked Reggie, a tall black boy known throughout the orphanage
  for the length and girth of his cock and his tendency to force it up the rectum
  of younger girls and boys that happened his way. He had intimidated a number
  of the orphans into regularly visiting his room at night. Their moans and cries
  echoed through the dark corridors. They called it getting 'Regified' and having
  an asshole that was red, possibly bleeding, and not quite able to fully close
  were the hallmarks of a visit to Reggie's room.  
 "Spit on their ass and ram it home. They expect and want it to hurt," said
  George. "Of course, there will be instances where the wife has displeased their
  husband and you will be acting as a punishment squad. Before each event, you
  will be thoroughly briefed about what will be expected."  
 "And their breasts?" asked Samuel. "I got a thing for working on tits."  
 "Pinch their nipples flat, pull them out as far as you can, make them scream.
  Be creative. A good sadist is always on the lookout for something that is new
  and innovative," said George.  
 George's rape team proved very popular with certain types of donors. Usually
  they had abusive husbands or fathers. On two occasions, the subjects had been
  a couple.  
 Kyle, with his handsome but cruel face and inborn skill at creating pain
  and humiliation had been an unqualified success. Kyle's performances at the
  galas had lead to requests for him as a weekend partner. When these requests
  were accompanied by a sizeable donation they were invariably honored. Rich
  patrons had flown Kyle to various exotic locales where he subjected women of
  great wealth to the most humiliating and painful situations. To Kyle, such
  trips were all the more delicious when the woman's spouse watched.  
 Sometimes they were willing participants but in many cases they were the
  trophy wives of rich and powerful husbands. The husbands felt the need to have
  the wife disciplined for some infraction or shortcoming. An afternoon spent
  with Kyle resulted in a significant change of attitude in a rebellious wife
  instilling in her a strong desire not to repeat her offense.  
 "Now the lady you'll be entertaining tonight is very special. You can be
  extremely rough. Rape her. Degrade her. She wants it that way. But she's extremely
  strong and agile so it will take the five of you to subdue her," said George
  in his briefing of his rape team prior to the start of the gala.  
 "Huh, the five of us for one woman, you've got to be kidding," said the
  largest and strongest boy, Randall.  
 "Senator Williams is a very special case. It will take all five of you and
  you'll only succeed because she let's you," said George.  
 George left immediately after introducing Candace to the five. As soon as
  the door closed, Samuel, the winner of the state wrestling championship in
  his weight class, stepped quickly forward and delivered an open palmed slap
  to the right side of Candace's face that snapped her face to one side. A thin
  splatter of blood from Candace's split lip made a line of red dots on the white
  wall.  
 Good thought Candace feeling her sex responds to the brutal act. They know
  what I want and need.  
 "Nothing, that's nothing, is that as hard as you can hit," said Candace
  her voice filled with contempt.  
 "Slut, when we're through with you, you'll be begging us not to hurt you
  anymore," said Samuel right before delivering a lighting kick to Candace's
  groin that sent her sprawling on the floor holding her crotch with both hands.  
 "We're going to strip you naked to start," said Kyle grabbing Candace by
  the hair and raising her off the floor.  
 "And once we get you naked, we're going to whip and fuck you until you shit
  yourself," said Samuel.  
 Candace's cunt quivered in desire when she looked at the coiled whip attached
  to Samuel's belt.  
 "Loop this around her hands," said Kyle handing a length of leather belting
  to the three others holding a naked Candace against the walls. They quickly
  tied her hands behind her back.  
 "Make her elbows meet. I don't give a shit if it breaks her arms," said
  Kyle handing Samuel another length of belting.  
 "You're going to love the way this makes your tits stand out," said Samuel
  pulling the leather tight to draw Candace's elbows together behind her back.  
 Candace screamed in response to the excruciating pain in her shoulders and
  chest. It felt like her ribs were being pulled away from her sternum. Her scapula
  met and pressed painfully against each in this unnatural position. She was
  pinned hard against the wall. The side of her face distorted as she cried out
  when her elbows were pushed together then bound and tightened.  
 "Are you suffering?" whispered Kyle pressing his lips to Candace's ear then
  slowly sticking the tip of his tongue into her ear.  
 "Yes, the pain is unbearable," responded Candace through clinched teeth.  
 "Ah but this is only the beginning, Candace. You will suffer, beg, plead
  and my cock will get harder and harder as a result."  
 "You bastard," said Candace thrilled at what was happening.  
 "On the count of three, spin her around," ordered Kyle who proceeded to
  count off the numbers. But when he reached the count of two, they acted.  
 As soon as Candace was rotated to face the room, her chest exploded in pain.
  In a brief instant, she saw that Kyle and Reggie were each holding a ping-pong
  paddle and the paddles were traveling in an arc toward her jutting breasts.
  There was a round splat as the hard rubberized surface of the paddle flattened
  both her breasts simultaneously. Candace emitted a full throat scream as she
  fell to the floor writhing in agony.  
 "That is so fucking kewl. They're not expecting it and the look on her face
  was priceless," said Samuel high fiving with Kyle and Reggie.  
 "Tit warming time," said Ezra reaching down to take a handful of Candace's
  hair and pulling her upright.  
 "Reggie and I will hold her for you guys," said Kyle stepping behind Candace
  on one side as Reggie took the other.  
 Candace couldn't move. The two muscular boys held her immobilized as Ezra
  and Robert took up positions in front and slightly to the side of Candace.
  Each boy was holding a ping-pong paddle.  
 "I hope you don't mind purple tits because the last slut we paddled told
  George it was a month before the bruises disappeared," Kyle whispered in Candace's
  ear.  
 Candace noted that Ezra was right handed and Robert a leftie. That made
  them an ideal pair to work together.  
 "And a one," sounded Kyle.  
 The impacts mashed Candace's breasts almost flat as the soft tissue was
  violently compressed. A loud shrill scream escaped Candace's throat but it
  was cut short when Kyle announced, "Two" and the paddles landed again.  
 Candace's breasts began to swell and discolor. By the time the count reached
  twenty her breasts were a deep purple and had almost doubled in size. As the
  breast tissue expanded, the pain of the blows increased. At the end count of
  forty, Candace was sobbing hysterically when they allowed her to drop to the
  floor.  
 A foot slammed into her rib cage with such force that her body rose off
  the floor. Kyle embedded his hand in Candace's hair and pulled her upright
  then walked her a few steps to drape her over a whipping bench. They were well
  practiced and in a matter of minutes, they had untied Candace's arms from behind
  her back and secured them to the bottom of the bench. Her ankles were also
  tightly restrained. Candace shivered in expectation as her position. Her buttocks
  were pointed almost toward the ceiling. She was bent like a clothespin over
  the bench.  
 As soon as she was secure, a cane landed across her bottom wrenching a scream
  from the Senator. Kyle felt his cock stiffen as he watched Reggie's cane compress
  the flesh. A red stripe began to appear the instant the cane left the surface
  of the buttocks.  
 "Each of us gives her ten. That's fifty total. Her ass will be raw when
  we're done," said Kyle.  
 Candace screamed each time the cane landed on her buttocks. After a while,
  the skin broke and Candace could feel blood trickling down the back of her
  legs. At fifty, they stopped and retied her hands behind her back. This time
  they worked harder at forcing her arms together behind her back.  
 They stood Candace upright. They had left her ankles shackled to the bottom
  of the whipping bench.  
 "We call this riding the javelin," said Kyle sliding a long pole between
  Candace's legs. "A few bounces on this and you will be begging us to stop."  
 Reggie and Randall took a position at each end of the javelin and lifted
  causing Candace to rise off the floor with all her weight resting on her pussy.
  As soon as the boys reached the point where Candace's ankle chains grew taut,
  they started bouncing her up and down on the flexible pole. The pain emanating
  from her body weight resting on her pussy was agonizing and Candace gave full
  voice to the pain. Her screams reverberated off the sound proof walls.  
 "That's right, give it to her good," said Kyle encouraging his compatriots.  
 After numerous bounces each of which caused Candace to scream, the boys
  conveyed Candace to an apparatus they jokingly referred to as the 'rape altar'.
  Kyle had designed the 'rape altar' then constructed it in the orphanages wood
  working shop.  
 Candace was placed on her back on the altar. The altar was small. Candace's
  head hung off one end and her legs the other. A wide belt around Candace's
  waist her in place. A loop of Nylon strapping with Velcro fasteners was fastened
  around each wrist. Candace's arms were stretched wide using a hand cranked
  take up reel concealed underneath the table. Reggie and Samuel did not stop
  turning the cranks until Candace screamed from the pain in her shoulder joints.
  Next they attached strapping to her ankles and stretched legs back toward her
  head until her knees rested on her shoulders.  
 "Open wide," said Kyle pinching Candace's nose shut. When she opened her
  mouth to breathe, a medical speculum was placed in her mouth and wedged between
  her teeth. Slowly, Kyle adjusted the slide to a position where Candace's mouth
  was as wide as possible.  
 "Preparing you for some serious skull fucking," said Kyle as he fixed another
  strap across Candace's forehead. He tightened the strap pulling the crown of
  her head toward the floor.  
 "Trussed up like a chicken," commented Kyle when they were done.  
 "See this cock, bitch," said Reggie fisting his cock in Candace's view. "It's
  going to split your ass wide open."  
 For the next ninety minutes the five boys took turns raping a moaning and
  grunting Candace in all three of her orifices.  
***  
 "Go ahead and squeal, squeal like a little piglet," whispered Brother Markham
  AKA Stephanie to Lucas. "Thanks to that little blue pill I can fuck you until
  your ass bleeds."  
 "But it's so big," whined Lucas who was a small for his fourteen years.
  Ordinarily, Lucas loved to be sodomised. His roommate, Zack, at the orphanage,
  penetrated him practically every night and Lucas looked forward to being down
  on his hands and knees getting it in the rear from Zack's cock. Sometimes,
  Eddie, from across the hall joined them and he got it in both ends at the same
  time. But Stephanie's cock was much larger than Zack's or any of the boys on
  his floor. Still, Lucas had been trained to deal with the situation. Lucas
  recalled the advice that Gary, one of the older boys had given him when he
  asked how to handle cocks that were too big for his asshole.  
 "There's no such thing as too big. Take long slow deep breaths and play
  with your cock. It'll relax you. On the other hand, the guest may get a kick
  out of your acting like it hurts. If he does, cry and beg him to stop. That'll
  make him really want to split your ass open," observed Gary.  
 "Wiggle your ass, boy," ordered Stephanie pushing his cock as far into Lucas's
  rear as he could manage. "That's right. That's a good little boy whore," said
  Stephanie when Lucas rubbed his skinny boyish ass against him.  
 "Can I eat your ass, Stephanie," said a voice behind Brother Markham. There
  was already a small hand pushing between his buttocks. A finger trailed across
  his crinkled sphincter creating a wonderful sensation that caused Brother Markham
  to moan aloud.  
 "Oh you sure can, Zachary, part my cheeks and suck butt," said Stephanie
  looking over his shoulder at the handsome youth behind him.  
 These orphans have been expertly trained thought Brother Markham as he felt
  Zack's tongue begin work on his asshole. Zack had the good sense to gently
  grasp Stephanie's low hangers and pull them downward adding to his pleasure
  from forcing his cock into Lucas's bottom.  
***  
 "Drain me. Work me. Suck me dry," whispered Briana to the twin girls that
  were painfully sucking on her milk filled breasts. Briana had to remove James'
  boy cock from her mouth to make that statement.  
 The girl's mouths covered the protruding milk buds of her areole. Briana
  could actually sense the flow of milk from her breasts into the demanding mouths
  of Chloe and Marie. Both had their strong youthful hands wrapped around the
  base of Briana's breasts. They were pressing hard to force as much milk from
  her tits as possible. They were squeezing as they sucked. There was certain
  desperation to their actions.  
 "Chew on my nipples, you little whores," ordered Briana lifting James cock
  to suck on his balls reaching past his nuts with one hand to finger his asshole.  
 Briana exulted in the pain she felt as strong young teeth crushed her breast
  flesh grinding the nipples flat.  
 Mother's right about we William's women needing pain to go with our sex.  
Chapter 71 &ndash; Vote Tampering  
Please take note! Adults Only Literature  
The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written
  for adults only.  
If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing
  this file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
  now.  
This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
  is purely coincidental, etc.  
Email HarryBerg01@aol.com with your comments.  
Copyright 2004  
 ****   
 "Tell us about what happened, Celeste. Take your time, we want to hear the
  entire story from the beginning," said Hoover McNally before taking a sip of
  his double mocha latte. Celeste Pearson, Hoover, and Anna Estelle were seated
  in the coffee bar at a Barnes &amp; Noble book store in a mall located right
  off an exit of I-295, the chunk of interstate that circled Charleston, South
  Carolina.  
 Hoover and Anna Estelle actually knew almost all the details of how Colonel
  Mercer had entrapped the young couple and made them into sex slaves but they
  considered listening patiently and intently to Celeste's account a necessary
  step in gaining the woman's trust.  
 "And you will really help us? How do I know for sure?" asked Celeste. Her
  hands were wrapped around a napkin twisting it back and forth. She was clearly
  nervous about her meeting with Hoover and Estelle.  
 "You can talk to the Senator if you like?" asked Hoover handing Celeste
  his cell phone. "Would the word of a US Senator convince you?"  
 "You would recognize Senator Williams if you saw her?" asked Anna Estelle.  
 "Yes, of course, who wouldn't?" answered Celeste. Celeste considered that
  a dumb question. Senator Williams was one of the best-known women in America
  outside of Hollywood.  
 "Some people make a point of staying away from politics," said Anna Estelle. "It's
  good to know that you take an interest in our government."  
 "This is the latest G-3 cell phone model with a built in video camera. Senator
  Williams' is expecting your call. Just press 1 and you'll be connected," said
  Hoover handing Celeste the cell phone.  
 It's truly amazing how my life is changed in the last two months thought
  Celeste as she pressed 1 on the keypad. I never dreamed I'd be talking to a
  candidate for President. Celeste recalled her most recent conversation with
  her husband as she waited for the cell phone to connect.  
 It was Sunday afternoon and Celeste had gone to the mall to window shop.
  Her husband George was playing golf with his dad. He hadn't felt like going
  but he'd agreed to make up a foursome.  
 "At least I'll be standing up for the most part," said George to Celeste
  that morning after they finally managed to get out of bed. Both were hurting
  and sore from the previous night's activities.  
 "My bottom is red as a beet and my cunt and asshole are rubbed raw. Plus
  my tummy feels awful but that's not surprising, " said Celeste standing at
  the kitchen island sipping her coffee. She reached back to touch her butt wincing
  slightly from the contact.  
 "You should be thankful you have a pussy to share the burden of penile penetration.
  I lost count of the times someone stuck a cock up my ass. Take some Tylenol
  and you'll feel better. We've got two weeks to heal up. Hopefully, Mercer will
  leave us alone until the next party," said George.  
 "Not likely, he came over twice last week for a quickie or a booty call
  as he called it," said Celeste. "Until my pussy heals, maybe I can talk him
  into a blowjob."  
 "Yeah, that's just a quick fuck, no fun and games with whips and canes," said
  George.  
 "Cute, speaking of fun and games, you seemed to be enjoying yourself last
  night," said Celeste recalling how her husband had dressed and acted during
  last night's party.  
 "I won't deny that the dressing as a woman thing has struck a chord in me.
  All I can said is that I'm more surprised than you," said George. "The Colonel's
  parties have opened my mind and body to a side of myself I didn't know existed.
  Two months ago, I could honestly say I'd never touched another man's penis
  let alone had once stuck up my ass."  
 "I've changed too but I'm not sure that's a good thing Mercer's such a bastard.
  You weren't here both times he dropped by. He delights in humiliation. After
  he made me strip, he put a dog collar around my neck and lead me around the
  room calling me his bitch. He made me drink out of Spike's water bowl."  
 "I think he gets more of a kick out of degrading us than fucking us. He's
  weird too. He told me last night that at the next party, he expected me to
  dress and look like Senator Williams. He even gave me a picture of her in a
  blue pin stripped suit. He knows we don't have any money. When I mentioned
  we were broke, he told me to go to the Good Will store. He said that's a good
  place for a cross dresser to shop," said George. "How the fuck would he know
  that?"  
 "Who knows? Wednesday he brought his driver Henry inside. I had to suck
  and fuck the both of them and they weren't very nice about it. They kept forcing
  my mouth open and spitting in it," said Celeste with just a hint of bitterness. "They
  called me a cock sucking whore. I had to kneel on the floor sucking one cock
  while I jerked off the other one. I had to ride the Colonel while Henry fucked
  my ass. They kept changing positions and I had to suck their cocks after they'd
  been in my ass. At the end, they ejaculated all over my face and hair then
  smeared it all over me with their peters. It was disgusting."  
 "Sorry I wasn't here to help out. I had to work late. I'd have done my part," said
  George slipping on his lightweight golfer's pullover. "I've sucked Mercer's
  cock before and he's butt fucked me. I've also done Henry. He is a slime ball
  and he loves the spit thing. Swallowing a mouthful of someone else's spit is
  about as low as it gets. I feel half human after I've done that."  
 "If they just fucked us and let it go at that, I could deal with it. I don't
  think it bothers you as much as me that we're no longer a heterosexual couple.
  George, we've done things with Mercer and his bunch that we wouldn't have even
  considered last year. I'm not cut out to munch Debbie Mercer's rug while everyone
  watches. And then when that bitch pissed in my mouth and I had to swallow it
  while everyone laughed, it was just too gross. I barely managed not to puke."  
 "You seemed to handle eating her cunt all right. I was watching you. Your
  fingers were certainly busy enough in your pussy while your tongue was in her
  slit. As I recall, you and that new girl ate everyone's pussies most of whom
  had a minimum of two loads of jism," said George.  
 "I was drunk by that time. Her name is Sally by the way."  
 "Shit, Celeste, our only other option is to go to prison until we are old
  and gray. Given a choice between occasionally dressing up as a woman and the
  things that Colonel Mercer makes us do and a jail cell, I'll choose Colonel
  Mercer any day. How many times a day would I get butt fucked in that maximum
  security prison they put drug dealers? The same would go for you. You'd wind
  up some black girl's bitch eating her cunt twice a day?"  
 "I know you're right about there not being any other option. But you certainly
  did look like you were turned on last night."  
 "There's an old Chinese saying. If rape is inevitable, you might as well
  lie back and enjoy it," said George.  
 "I just worry what's going to come of us? How do we know that when Mercer
  finds a new couple to torture, he won't send us to prison for the rest of our
  lives," said Celeste stepping closer to George and wrapping her arms around
  him.  
 "We don't, at least for sure but what choice do we have," said George pulling
  his wife close for a hug. "We just have to hang on, keep the Colonel happy
  and hope everything turns out all right. Eventually, they'll get tired of us
  and move on to someone new. Hopefully by that time, it'll be too late for him
  to go the District Attorney with that video. He can't very well show up at
  the DA's and ask him to look at a two year old video."  
 "I know you're right. And if that were the only thing we had to face I could
  handle it. Capital One called this morning while you was in the shower. They
  threatened to take us to court for non-payment," said Celeste.  
 "Bastards, Sunday morning, don't they ever take a day off. What the fuck
  did they say?"  
 "Pay or they will take us to small claims court, garnishee our wages," said
  Celeste.  
 "Maybe we should declare bankruptcy and get it over with."  
 "No, that will ruin out credit. We'll never be able to buy a home. They'd
  probably fire me at the Legget &amp; Watson," said Celeste referring to the
  law office where she worked as a paralegal.  
 "I've got to run but we'll talk tonight. Let's make one more try to work
  out a payment plan. I hope Dad's paying for golf because I can't," said George
  as he kissed Celeste and prepared to leave.  
 "I'm going to the mall and window shop," said Celeste. "Lord knows we don't
  have any money to spend."  
 It was mid afternoon at the mall when Anna Estelle approached Celeste. She
  had wandered into Barnes &amp; Noble to browse recently published fiction when
  a stunning red head greeted her. The woman was well dressed in the latest fashion.  
 "Hello Celeste," said the woman.  
 "Pardon me but have we met?" said Celeste sure that if she had ever met
  anyone quite so beautiful and sophisticated she would remember her.  
 "No, Anna Estelle Berlusconi," said the woman extending her hand.  
 "Celeste Pearson," answered Celeste taking the woman's hand noting the size
  of the jewels on her wrists and fingers.  
 "We wish to extend an offer to you," said Anna Estelle.  
 "I'm afraid I can't buy anything. Our credit cards are maxed out."  
 "Yes, we know you owe $68,534.23 as of this morning to twelve different
  card companies You can no longer make the minimum payments. Interests and penalties
  have put you in an untenable position. You are worried about losing your condo
  and the telephone company had threatened to cut off your phone. Also if you
  don't bring your car payment current, the finance company will repossess your
  Acura next month. You face bankruptcy and loss of your job at Legget &amp; Watson."  
 "You seem to know everything about me but nothing that couldn't be found
  on the Internet by contacting Commercial Credit or any of the credit services," said
  Celeste starting to feel threatened. Her recent experience with Colonel Mercer
  had put her on her guard.  
 "True but I don't think there is anywhere on the WEB where we could find
  out about last night. You and your husband George were at Colonel Mercer's
  lake house with the Colonel and the top echelon of the South Carolina Highway
  Patrol including their wives. The two of you and another couple, Duane and
  Sally Waters were the entertainment. The Water's situation is similar to your
  own. During the six hours you were there, you and your husband were subjected
  to various acts of sexual depravity. For example, while everyone watched, you
  performed oral sex on Debbie Mercer until she climaxed. Debbie rewarded your
  efforts by urinating in your mouth insisting that you swallow every drop. I
  could continue describing how they whipped you until you begged them to stop
  or how your husband dressed as a woman was sodomised by Colonel Mercer and
  the other males or is that enough?"  
 "More than enough. What do you want from me?" said Celeste shocked at Estelle
  partial recitation of last night's events.  
 "That's rather involved and something we need to discuss at length. Suffice
  it to say that we offer to solve two problems in return for your assistance.
  First, your credit card balances will be paid in full and second you will no
  longer be under the control of Colonel Mercer. You will once again be in a
  position to fuck only those you chose. Currently that's your husband and that
  handsome Bob Winthrop your boss. Bob's quite the stud. I could even picture
  myself with my legs wrapped around him. Of course, you're not the only female
  at Legget &amp; Watson that's sleeping with Bob," said Anna Estelle.  
 "Jesus, I knew he was fucking that cunt Charlene. I caught her rubbing her
  tits on him the other day in our law library," said an agitated Celeste. Celeste
  had resisted Bob's advances when she first went to work at the firm; however,
  about six months ago, she had succumbed to his offers. She blamed her husband
  George because his lackadaisical land almost non-existent lovemaking had left
  her unsatisfied. The odd thing was that since their encounter with Colonel
  Mercer, George's sexual interest in her had been rekindled. But she still spent
  her Wednesday lunch break at Bob's apartment having sex. Bob's aggressive and
  demanding sexual performance had been just what she needed to keep her satisfied.
  Celeste reminded herself that six months ago she was not getting enough sex.
  Now I'm getting my brains fucked out Celeste reminded herself.  
 "Perhaps I should not have mentioned that. It was indiscreet. Celeste, in
  return for taking the time to talk to Hoover and myself, listen to our offer,
  we are empowered to offer immediate payment of half of your credit card debt," said
  Anna Estelle. "The other half would be paid upon completion of our little deal."  
 "You'd pay half just for listening?"  
 "Yes, half immediately," said Anna Estelle.  
 "Shit, what have I got to lose? Is that gentleman standing over there watching
  us, Hoover?"  
 "Yes, his full name is Hoover McNally and he and I are field operatives
  for Senator Candace Williams," said Anna Estelle.  
 "Senator Williams, the one who is running for President? That's odd. Her
  name came up at last night's party.  
 "How so," asked Anna Estelle?  
 "Two ways really, the Staties were all talking about how a woman from the
  North could never win an election in a red state like South Carolina. They
  did all agree that they would love to fuck her and make her into a whore."  
 "You mentioned two ways," said Anna Estelle.  
 "Colonel Mercer has a thing for Senator Williams. He told George that at
  the next party he was to try to look like the Senator. He even gave George
  a picture of the Senator and told him to use that as a guide."  
 "Interesting, I can only say that Senator Williams is a tremendous person
  who will make a great President. And she is asking for your help to assure
  that the upcoming election is fair and aboveboard," said Anna Estelle.  
 "What the hell have I got to do with that? I'm planning to vote for the
  Senator. Actually that's a lie. I've never even bothered to register. But if
  I did vote, I'd vote for the Senator. George and his dad say that women shouldn't
  be President."  
 "All will be explained in due time. I feel like a mocha latte with lots
  of whip cream," said Anna Estelle taking Celeste by the hand and leading her
  toward the coffee bar. In a matter of moments, Celeste found herself seated
  between Anna Estelle and Hoover listening to their offer.  
 Following Hoover's directions, Celeste pressed one on the cell phone. In
  a matter of seconds, the phone signaled that the connection was made. The tiny
  screen flickered. Celeste found herself staring at Senator Candace Williams
  seated at her desk in Washington.  
 "Good morning, Celeste," said Candace. "It's a pleasure to meet you."  
 "Good morning, Senator. This is really something. I've never met a US Senator
  before," said Celeste.  
 "Celeste, I need your help. While I wish we had more time to chat, I have
  a meeting to attend so with your permission let me cut to the chase. For making
  this call, my bank will wire transfer half of the balance owed to each of the
  twelve credit card companies. Tomorrow noon, you should go to their WEB sites
  and verify that your balances have been reduced by half,' said Senator Williams.  
 "That is just so terrific of you. I don't know how to thank you enough," said
  Celeste starting to cry. "You have no idea the strain I've been under lately.
  I can't wait to tell George."  
 "Telling George might not be a good idea, Celeste but I leave it to Hoover,
  Anna Estelle, and you to work out all the details. What we will be asking you
  to do could be dangerous. But Hoover and his people will always be nearby in
  case something goes wrong. Celeste, are you willing to help?" asked Senator
  Williams.  
 "Yes, if I can," said a teary-eyed Celeste.  
 "Excellent, Celeste, we'll have to get together the next time I'm in South
  Carolina," said Senator Williams.  
 "That would be wonderful. Thank you so much, Senator," said Celeste.  
 Hoover took the cell phone, spoke a few words with the Senator and ended
  the call.  
 "Now, you were going to tell us about how George and you became Colonel
  Mercer's sex slaves," said Anna Estelle.  
Chapter 72 &ndash; Entrapment  
Please take note! Adults Only Literature  
The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written
  for adults only.  
If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing
  this file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
  now.  
This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
  is purely coincidental, etc.  
Email HarryBerg01@aol.com with your comments.  
Copyright 2004  
 ****   
 "I don't exactly know where to start. But I guess the money part is as good
  as any. It's what got us into this mess. George and I were married four years
  ago and we spent a fortune on the wedding and honeymoon. It was money that
  we didn't have so we borrowed. Our parents weren't able to help. Like an idiot,
  I was caught up in the bride thing and just assumed that somehow magically
  we'd pay for everything."  
 "You're not the first young couple to make that mistake," said Anna Estelle.  
 "Then we needed things for our condo and we sort of went crazy there too.
  End result was that we got hopelessly in debt. But you already know that. We
  thought we'd found a way to get out of our mess. George's college roommate
  and best friend inherited a large farm near Cookeville, Tennessee. It's out
  in nowheresville. He grows marijuana, lots of it. He agreed to sell George
  enough to fill up a van at less than half what he normally charges. George
  helped Irwin get through the university and he felt like he owed George. So
  when we got together at his sister's wedding and George told Irwin about our
  money problems, he came up with a solution," said Celeste.  
 "You agreed to become dealers," said Hoover.  
 "More like distributors. We would transport the marijuana from Cookeville
  to Charleston where Irwin put us in touch with a Mr. Melvin Abernathy. Mr.
  Abernathy would repackage the marijuana and sell it on the street," said Celeste.  
 "Dangerous business, you'd never dealt drugs before," said Anna Estelle.  
 "No, never, all I'd ever done was smoke a little grass. Anyway we drove
  to Cookeville in a van that George borrowed from a neighbor and filled it to
  the brim with bags of marijuana. Then we traveled all night to a warehouse
  outside of Charleston where we met Mr. Abernathy and his goons. I was frightened
  so bad my knees were shaking."  
 "George had persuaded me to change into a short tight skirt, V-neck sweater,
  and heels right before we reached the warehouse. He told me that I would be
  eye candy that would help the deal along. Like I idiot I agreed. He said Mr.
  Abernathy would be more impressed with him if he had an attractive female as
  his accomplice. The end result was that I looked like a cheap whore and wound
  up treated as one.  
 All my appearance got me was an opportunity to be felt up as I was passed
  around the room from thug to thug. While George and Mr. Abernathy were counting
  money and weighing the marijuana, I was fighting to keep fingers from being
  stuck in my pussy."  
 "That must have been very frightening,' said Hoover.  
 "I was petrified they were going to rape me. Just as we were leaving, the
  police burst out of hiding. We were about a block from the warehouse when police
  cars stopped the van. My heart almost stopped. It turned out to be a sting
  operation. Everybody got arrested," said Celeste. "They'd captured everything
  on video. Later, I got to watch a DVD of George and I exchanging the money
  and dope with Mr. Abernathy. How could we have been so stupid?"  
 "Not exactly a legitimate sting, Mr. Abernathy and Colonel Wesley Mercer
  are business partners. You were the only ones arrested. Outside of their financial
  arrangement, Melvin Abernathy keeps the Colonel happy by entrapping young attractive
  couples that he blackmails into becoming sex slaves for him and selected members
  of the South Carolina State Police. You are not the first couple that has served
  the Colonel sexually," said Hoover.  
 "Yes, we met another couple last night," said Celeste. "The Waters, they
  were scared to death. It was their first time. Sally Waters looked terrified.
  Lennie, one of the guys didn't like the way she sucked his cock. He tied her
  to one of X-shaped crosses and whipped her until she became hysterical."  
 "What occurred after your arrest?" asked Hoover.  
 "They handcuffed us, read us our rights, and stuck us in a state police
  van. We drove for what seemed like forever. When we arrived, we weren't at
  a regular police station. George said it was an old abandoned state police
  barracks outside Hanahan. They drove right into a horse stable that was no
  longer used."  
 "Colonel Mercer and most of his reports are former or current members of
  the state's mounted unit that is used for crowd control. Their mounts are currently
  stabled at a newer facility just outside Charleston," said Hoover. "However,
  Colonel Mercer still controls the abandoned facility and uses it for special
  occasions like yours."  
 "I gathered they were into horses and riding. Anyway the Colonel was there
  sitting at a small desk with one of those integrated DVD/video playback systems.
  He made us watch the video of our selling drugs and arrest then showed us the
  sections of the South Carolina penal code that applied to major dealers. There
  was enough marijuana in the van for us to be prosecuted as 'traffickers'. That
  carries a penalty of twenty-five years to life with no possibility of parole.
  George and I were frightened out of our minds. Our lives would be over by the
  time we got out of prison. We'd be old and gray."  
 "But Colonel Mercer offered you a deal," said Anne Estelle.  
 "Yes, if we agreed to put ourselves at his sexual disposal as he called
  it, he would not turn the DVD over to the prosecutors. All we had to do was
  participate in sexual activities at parties that he would be having at his
  house on the lake. Then he showed us another DVD of prison rapes. It included
  a scene where other prisoners raped a girl with a broom handle. Blood was gushing
  from her vagina when they were done."  
 "You're going to be fucked either way. But if you accept my offer, it's
  a few months. Else it's twenty five years of prison sex where one out of three
  of your partners will be HIV+," said Celeste quoting the way the Colonel summed
  up his offer.  
 "And you agreed," said Hoover.  
 "Yes, the Colonel gave us a moment to talk it over. But we were both so
  frightened of prison that there wasn't any argument between us. We told the
  Colonel we would do what he wanted."  
 "What happened to the dope?" asked Hoover.  
 "They kept everything. That was the end of us financially. We had begged
  and borrowed to get enough cash to pay Irwin. When we lost the dope and the
  money, we were completely and utterly finished money-wise. We had to beg them
  to give us back the van. It wasn't ours," said Celeste.  
 "Good deal for Abernathy and Mercer, they get the drugs for free," commented
  Hoover.  
 "What happened next," asked Anna Estelle?  
 "To seal the deal as he called it, the Colonel stood up and ordered us to
  kneel down, take out his cock and suck it. I was shocked that he included George.
  But pretty quickly I learned that bi-sexuality was pretty much normal behavior
  in that bunch. The women have sex with other women and the men seem to have
  a preference for feminized men. Gender preferences don't seem to count for
  much with those people."  
 "You found this difficult?' questioned Anne Estelle.  
 "Extremely at first, I'm not saying I'm an angel but until that night I'd
  never done anything sexual with an audience. Nor had I had sex with another
  woman. That night and many times since I've done both. To me, sex was a private
  matter. The idea of having to suck a man's cock while others were watching
  terrified me. It took everything I had to kneel down in front of the Colonel
  with everyone looking on and provide him oral sex. The fact that they exposed
  their own cocks and began stroking them didn't make it any easier," said Celeste
  dabbing at her eyes with a handkerchief.  
 "How many state police were there?" asked Hoover.  
 "Ten, maybe a dozen, all men except for one woman. They were in uniform," said
  Celeste.  
 "The uniformed female was Major Adele Simpson?' asked Hoover.  
 "Yes, Adele, that was her name. Before it was over I had to perform sexually
  with her while everyone watched. I just ate her at first then we did sixty
  nine."  
 "Later, when you have time to think, would you email me all the names of
  those present that you can remember? Here's my email address," said Hoover
  handing Celeste a card with his email address and phone number. "If you want
  to get in touch with me at any time just call the number on the card. Until
  this is over, we'll be close by."  
 "I know it's difficult but can you tell us what happened that night?" said
  Anna Estelle.  
 "Actually, it's doing me some good to talk about it. George doesn't like
  to discuss it. He's more of a survivor than I am. Somehow I think he's too
  much of a survivor. Anyway, we knelt down and unzipped the Colonel's uniform
  trousers. When I brought his cock out, George surprised me by leaning forward
  and licking the head then sucking it like it was no big deal. The Colonel told
  me to suck his nuts while George worked the shaft. After a while, the Colonel
  ordered us to switch. He orgasmed in my mouth but the Colonel ordered me not
  to swallow immediately and share it with George."  
 "And that was just the start?" said Anna Estelle.  
 "Yes, while we were giving the Colonel head, the others hauled several mattresses
  out of a stall. Then they got undressed and the fun and games began. At least
  that's how George refers to them, fun and games. Adele wheeled out a pipe rack
  of lingerie. She handed George and I matching red hose and garter belts and
  told us to put them on. They seem to have a thing about red underwear."  
 "George had to dress in red lingerie too?" asked Anna Estelle.  
 "Yes, I had to show him how to put it on. Frankly, who wears that sort of
  thing anymore except for sex? George is slender and they seemed to like the
  way he looked. Adele found him a wig and applied some lipstick. He looked ridiculous
  to me but I could see that the officers were turned on."  
 "What happened next?" asked Hoover feeling his cock stir.  
 "They whipped us with ridding crops. Our wrists and ankles were tied to
  the horse stalls. I thought the next step would be a gang rape but they stood
  us up against the stall door, bound us tightly and proceeded to whip us on
  our backside," said Celeste.  
 "How long," asked Anna Estelle?  
 "I don't know. The next morning, from the top of our shoulders, all down
  our backs, across out butts and only ending at the back of our knees were red
  strips and whelps. I had to sleep on my stomach for the next three days. We
  screamed and pleaded with them to stop but honestly I think our begging just
  made them hit us harder. We were sobbing hysterically when they finally took
  us down and gave us a drink of water."  
 "Did they explain why they whipped you," asked Hoover?  
 "Not exactly, later, Lennie told me that they always started a new couple
  off with a good hiding just to show them whose boss. Frankly I'd say they are
  a group of sadists that love to hurt people. They like to tell stories about
  hurting people when they are not busy hurting people."  
 "Do you have an example you could give us?" asked Hoover.  
 "At last night's party when it was winding down, Sally Waters and I were
  sucking Zack and Lennie's cocks. They were sitting on the couch together drinking
  a beer. The way they treat you, it makes you feel like dirt. There poor Sally
  and I are blowing these guys, trying our damndest to make them cum and they're
  talking about sports, the weather and oh yeah, this thing they did on a recent
  bust."  
 "Not exactly romantic," added Anna Estelle.  
 "Exactly, they were laughing and talking about how they had brutalized this
  Puerto Rican pimp and his girls. I gather they especially don't like people
  of color and Latinos. They'd arrested him in one of those public projects in
  downtown Charleston. They used an aluminum baseball bat to break his arms and
  legs. Zack was talking about hitting a home run and how it sounded different
  with aluminum when the bone broke. There were three of the pimp's girls in
  the apartment. Lennie broke their legs below the knee then fucked them."  
 "When I bent the black bitch's legs back over her head, the fucking bone
  came right out the side of her leg is a quote. After they fucked them, they
  rammed the fat end of the aluminum bat up their pussies. Can you imagine what
  the pain those girls suffered. I broke a leg in high school so I know how it
  feels. Just the thought of someone sticking a baseball bat in my vagina makes
  me nauseated. But Zack and Lennie were practically giggling about how the girls
  wouldn't be able to work for a month."  
 "Sounds rough," said Hoover.  
 "Those two are real sadists. They made me have anal intercourse with them
  that first night, George too. I'd never done that before. It hurt like hell
  the first time. But like anything you keep repeating I got used to it."  
 "So after they whipped you too, what was next?" asked Anna Estelle.  
 "They put us down on the mattresses and had intercourse with us, sometimes
  one at a time but more often two at a time and in my case, three at a time.
  In my entire life, I had never had sex with more than one man at the same time
  but that all changed. I'd never had anal either. It was an awful night for
  me," said Celeste.  
 "Was the Colonel involved?" asked Anna Estelle.  
 "Oh yeah, he takes Viagra or at least he says he does. He kept a hard on
  the entire time we were there. He organized the ass to mouth fuck," said Celeste.  
 "Describe that," said Hoover.  
 They put George and I on our all fours facing in opposite directions. We
  were side by side so close our flanks were touching. A guy would fuck George
  in the ass for ten strokes, then take it out and knee walk to his side where
  I gave him oral. The trooper I was giving oral would move to my rear and fuck
  my ass. The one in my ass would stick his cock in George's mouth. It was the
  most disgusting thing I had ever done in my life until last night. I could
  taste my husband's shit on the cock that went in my mouth. We hadn't been given
  a chance to douche so our butts were anything but clean. Ass To Mouth or ATM
  was how they referred to it.  
 "And George, how did he fare?" asked Hoover.  
 "You live with a man for four years and think you know him but he surprised
  the shit out of me. George has never been a dynamo in bed or seemed particularly
  interested in sex but that night and our subsequent meetings with the Colonel's
  bunch has transformed him. The bottom line is that he learned that he loves
  to dress up like a woman and have sex. He couldn't wait to get to the Colonel's
  place last night. And he's in his glory when Zack or one of the well-hung studs
  is fucking him in what he calls his man pussy."  
 "How does he explain his behavior?" asked Anna Estelle.  
 "In some ways, he seems freaked out about it. But at the same time, he talks
  about how a new doorway has been opened for him. He makes some fuzzy remarks
  about how he always knew it was there and he might never have gone through
  it unless Colonel Mercer forced him. My assessment is that George has suppressed
  his sexual urge to dress and have sex like a woman. Now that he's experienced
  it, he's very excited and eager to pursue it further. Part of his frustration
  is that we're too broke to allow him to buy a few things. I'm a size 6 but
  George is a 10 so my clothes won't fit him. He made me take him to the Salvation
  Army's Good Will store where we found some used clothes that fit," said Celeste.  
 "And how does his cross-dressing affect you and your sexual relationship?" asked
  Anna Estelle.  
 "That's the odd part. Cross-dressing has transformed our sex life. I used
  to be lucky if I got screwed once a month now he's after me all the time. And
  I mean in a strictly heterosexual sense. It's as if his libido has been liberated
  and he wants more sex of all kinds."  
 "How are you handling having to perform sexual acts that weren't part of
  your repertoire before you ran into Colonel Mercer?" asked Hoover.  
 "I've adapted. Anal which was totally new to me until that night in the
  horse barn has become something I enjoy. I screamed and cried like a baby the
  first time that Zack stuck his peter up my rectum. Now I enjoy it especially
  if there is a cock in my other orifices. I get off on that. That's something
  I've found it hard to admit even to myself."  
 "And sex with females?" asked Anna Estelle.  
 "I never realized how well one woman could eat another's pussy. Debbie Mercer
  ate me out last night. We were doing sixty-nine. I had an incredible orgasm,
  one of my best ever. Then the bitch made me pay for my pleasure by squatting
  over my face and pissing in my open mouth. I had to swallow it or she promised
  to whip me until I did. They always whip us at the start to get the party warmed
  up. Are you familiar with zippers?' asked Celeste.  
 "Clothespins on a string, apply them to a sensitive body part then jerk
  them off all at once," said Anna Estelle. "Your pain levels shoot through the
  roof."  
 "They used four on me last night. They put one all the way around my breast
  with the final clothespin on my nipple. After Debbie zippered both breasts,
  she started at the top of my labia practically on my clit all the way down
  my inner thigh to barely above my knee on both sides. The several of the wives
  tied me up and whipped my backside until I was out of my mind with pain and
  begging them to stop. Once they stopped they yanked all four of the zippers
  off. I screamed so loud I was surprised that the folks living across the lake
  didn't hear me. After I was tortured they did Duane Waters, then Sally Waters
  then George. For the rest of the evening we were their fuck toys. They also
  fuck each other. I suppose it's similar to a Roman orgy. Everybody is screwing
  everybody else regardless of sex."  
 "You mentioned something particularly disgusting happened," said Hoover.  
 "I had to participate but it was Sally that had to do the disgusting part.
  Three of the troopers fucked me in all my holes but they ejaculated in my rectum.
  My butt was filled with their cum. Then Debbie squeezes a douche bulb filled
  with horse piss up my ass. They made poor Sally suck all the piss and cum out
  of my asshole and swallow it. I don't know how she kept from vomiting. I would
  have," said Celeste.  
 "I've heard of that before but not the part about using horse piss, interesting
  variation," said Anna Estelle.  
 "Celeste, are you willing to help us out. We think the risks are small but
  there is always a possibility you could be hurt or killed," said Hoover.  
 "Yes, I can't continue to live like this. The credit card companies are
  driving me insane plus they're going to get me fired. What is it that you want
  us to do?" asked Celeste.  
 "Us, we think it better you don't involve George. The less people involved
  the better," said Hoover.  
 "All right, I understand. George is something of a ninny. I'll do it without
  him. What do you want me to do?"  
 "On Election Day, we believe that Colonel Mercer will take certain actions
  to discourage racial and ethnic minorities from voting. In effect, he will
  be blocking Americans from exercising their constitutional right to vote. I
  won't deny that an overwhelming majority of that vote will be for Senator Williams.
  We need to know the Colonel's plans. We also need to film the Colonel himself
  describing what he intends. With that we can defeat him," said Anna Estelle.  
 "How would I do that?" asked Celeste.  
 "We think there are ways it can be managed but that's a topic for a later
  meeting. It's getting late and you look tired," said Hoover.  
 "All right, I better get home. George's golf must have been over hours ago," said
  Celeste.  
 "Senator Williams instructed me to give you this," said Hoover reaching
  into his suit pocket to extract an envelope and handing it to Celeste.  
 "What is it?" asked Celeste.  
 "$5,000, Senator Williams wants you free of money worries until this is
  over. The Senator wants you focused one hundred percent on our plan," said
  Hoover.  
 "I don't know how to thank you and the Senator. I'll do my best," said Celeste
  rising to leave.  
***  
 "I got horny as hell listening to her story," said Anna Estelle watching
  Celeste exit the coffee bar. "She's got a cute ass that I would love to eat."  
 "Before this is over, we'll get her in bed. She could use an afternoon of
  straight sex," said Hoover.  
 "What's straight about us?" asked Anna Estelle.  
 "We haven't been sucking a horse piss and cum cocktail out of anybody's
  asshole lately," said Hoover.  
 "When you put it that way, we're a pair of regular straight arrows," said
  Anna Estelle.  
 "Let's go back to base and fuck. Maybe Maria Consuela or one of the others
  is up for a group grope," said Hoover.  
 "Excellent idea," said Anna Estelle.  
Chapter 73 &ndash; Family Secrets  
Please take note! Adults Only Literature  
The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written
  for adults only.  
If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing
  this file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
  now.  
This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
  is purely coincidental, etc.  
Email HarryBerg01@aol.com with your comments.  
Copyright 2004  
 ****   
   "Thanks for taking care of the golf, Dad. I've been
  a little short lately," said George to his father. The two were alone seated
  in the kitchen of the three-bedroom ranch style home where George grew up in
  suburban Charleston.  
 "Son, I know. To be truthful, I've gotten several calls from credit card
  companies suggesting I help you and Celeste out. I wish I could but everything
  your mother and I have is committed to our new place in Florida," said Carl
  Pearson taking a sip of his beer.  
 "Jesus, they even called you, the bastards. I understand. It's not your
  problem. Celeste and I blew it. All I can say is we've become followers of
  Dave Ramsey. We're not spending a dime that we don't have to. Unfortunately
  it may be too late to keep us out of bankruptcy court."  
 "I can let you have a couple of thousand," said Carl.  
 "No, you and Mom deserve your retirement. You've worked hard. How's the
  sale coming?"  
 "Our realtor thinks we are going to get an offer Monday. Couple being transferred
  here from Charlotte wants the place."  
 "That's terrific."  
 "So we'll be off to sunny Florida in a month or so."  
 "Where is Mom?"  
 "Over at Mabel and Orin Tucker's visiting," said Carl.  
 "Dad, I'm reluctant to bring this up but something's been bothering me for
  a long time. It concerns the room in the basement," said George after taking
  a sip of his beer. Over the years he'd often thought about having this discussion
  with his father but had always lost his nerve at the last minute. However events
  of the last few months had lead to a change in George's mindset.  
 "Actually, it's more 'rooms in the basement' now. Once you and your sister
  moved out, Arlene and I finished off the rest of the basement and added some
  play space so we could host parties. What made you decide to ask after all
  these years?"  
 "I've learned things about myself I always suspected but was never willing
  to admit. But I've known since high school that you and Mom walked the wild
  side," said George.  
 "Once you and Lenore reached your teens, I knew you'd figure out that Arlene
  and I weren't exactly your average couple when it came to sexual lifestyle."  
 "Yeah, we had a good idea of what was going on by the time we finished high
  school. We figured that was your business. Lately, I've come to realize that
  I'm not quite the straight as an arrow type I always considered myself. I may
  be more like you than I realized."  
 "With us retiring to Florida, it's as good a time as any to talk about your
  mother and my hobby."  
 "Hobby?"  
 "Good a word as any, would you prefer sin, perversion or depravity. I suppose
  fetish is more accurate. You'd have to be a pretty dumb kid growing up in the
  same house not to realize that your mother and I were into certain things considered
  beyond the pale by the good folks down at Briarwood Baptist Church."  
 "You and I share a certain fetish," said George amazed and relieved that
  he was at long last having this talk with his father.  
 "I always thought that Arlene and I were the kind of parents that could
  discuss pretty much anything with their children. But Arlene kept telling me
  to wait until you got older and somehow it never happened. I'm glad we're finally
  talking. It takes a burden off your old dad."  
 "You were a great parent and so was Mom. Lenore and I have no complaints," said
  George.  
 "In our view, sex even the kind that some people call perverted is normal
  and natural. If you recall I bought you your first box of condoms and showed
  you how to use them."  
 "Yes, you embarrassed the hell out of me. I couldn't even get an erection
  I was so embarrassed. The damn rubber kept falling off," said George.  
 "I hope it didn't fall off the first time you snuck Gracie Wells up to your
  room and fucked her," said Carl.  
 "Christ, you knew about that."  
 "Your Mom and I got all excited listening to Grace moan and carry on. She
  was quite the potty mouth for a thirteen year old."  
 "Gracie was my first and thank to you she was impressed as hell at how I
  put on a condom. There's been a change in Celeste and my sexual lifestyle and
  I need to talk about it. Like I mentioned a moment ago, you and I share a certain
  fetish. That's what I want to discuss."  
 "I assume you mean dressing up in women's clothes and being treated like
  a woman sexually," said Carl.  
 "If this conversation is too embarrassing, we can stop now and pretend it
  never happened."  
 "Nope, candor is long overdue. Do you know where your mother is right now?"  
 "You just said she was over at the Tucker's."  
 "Yes but what I didn't say is that she's probably got her face buried in
  Mabel's snatch while Orin takes her from behind. My bet is old Orin has used
  a ridding crop to put a nice red glow on Mabel and Arlene's rear. Orin's brother
  Bill maybe there too. When your Mom gets home, she'll make me lie on the floor
  and suck out the cream pies blasted up her ass or cunt, maybe both. I'm ready
  to be as candid and open as you like. When did you first learn about the room
  downstairs?"  
 "Sophomore year in high school. You left it unlocked one day. The key was
  in the door. I was curious. None of the friends had a room in their basement
  that was always locked and they weren't allowed in."  
 "What did you think?"  
 "Didn't know what to think. At first, I was confused. Then after I made
  a duplicate key and had more time to look I figured it out. Lenore being older
  knew right away what you were into once I showed her the room."  
 "Daddy is a cross dresser and Mom is an S&amp;M player who switches from
  dominatrix to submissive. Both of us are serious swingers who like to party.
  What interested you more, Cross-dressing or S&amp;M? Let me guess, CD."  
 "When I was in high school, I tried on some of Lenore's lingerie. I immediately
  got an erection. I thought there was something wrong with me that I was a faggot.
  I only did it a few times then I quit and swore I'd never go it again. And
  I've kept that promise until recently."  
 "The first time I ever slipped a pair of your grandmother Pearson's panty
  on I got hard as a rock and blew my load right in her drawers. Nylon and my
  cock went together like bacon and eggs. What brought this on at the grand old
  age of twenty-eight? I was dressing up in my mom's and your Aunt Gale's clothes
  when I was twelve."  
 "Sorry, I can't go into that now. Recently. I was forced to wear women's
  lingerie. When that happened, I got off on it," said George.  
 "The feel of silk panties against your cock rocked your world," said Carl.  
 "And how. It was like I had stepped into an exciting new life. I will now
  admit that I like to dress like a woman and have sex like one," said George.  
 "Except you don't have a pussy and won't have unless you go to a doctor
  and have him convert your pole to a hole," said Carl.  
 "Have you ever considered that?"  
 "Yes, but it ain't cheap and don't expect Blue Cross to cover it. I decided
  to treat my asshole as my man pussy and leave it at that. But I know some folks
  that have been snipped. It's a different world. What does Celeste say or does
  she know?" said Carl.  
 "She knows and she's all right with it so far. We've both been exploring
  a new lifestyle lately. She's discovered some things about herself," said George.  
 "Such as mate-swapping, bisexuality?"  
 "Both, she's definitely bisexual."  
 "What woman isn't? Most females are ready to do a little muff diving. Sometimes
  it takes a few drinks or some liquid Ecstasy to get them started. Your Mom
  never touched a pussy until we went sailing with some friends. Our host anchored
  the boat in a remote cove. We had a few drinks more than a few really. There
  were four couples and we decided to go skinny-dipping. After our swim, the
  owner pulls out a mat and suggests we play Naked Twister. Everybody was pretty
  drunk and it wasn't long before only your Mom and the host's wife were left.
  Somehow your Mom winds up with her face between the woman's legs. Arlene found
  something there worthy of a little tongue action and the two proceeded to go
  down on each other while the rest of us watched and jerked off. After that
  it was orgy time. Arlene ate out every woman and fucked every man on board.
  From then on, your Mom has divided her sexual activity between men and women.
  Frankly, I don't know whether she prefers to munch rug or suck dick. But I
  can tell you she loves to do both."  
 "So you've always liked to cross dress?" asked George returning the conversation
  to what interested him.  
 "Yes son. Your dad's a CD and a damn good one. Good enough to go out in
  public and fool anybody. You could too. We're built alike," said Carl.  
 "Would you help me? I've been struggling with so many things, make-up,
    hair, and nails. I'm a complete neophyte and I don't want to look ridiculous." 
"I'd be proud to. Not only can I teach you techniques I can give you a lot of
stuff you can use. I've collected far more than I can fit into our condo in Florida.
Plus I've put on a few pounds lately and some of my dresses are too small. But
they'll fit you just fine. How much do you weigh?"   
 "140."  
 "Height?"  
 "5'11."  
 "I'm 5'11" but I've allowed myself to reach 175. But I was 140 to 145 for
  most of my adult life. I bought a copy of the South Beach Diet at Barns &amp; Nobles
  last week. I'm going to try to lose it. Let's go downstairs and see what we
  can find. Want to play dress up with your Dad?"  
 "Yes, that would be great."  
 "Even if Dad gets a hardon when he sees how pretty you look?"  
 "Even if?"  
 "All right, let's take our beer," said Carl.  
 "Just one more thing, Dad. Do you think there's any chance that I could
  look like this?" said George pulling a photo out of his pocket unfolding it
  and handing it to his father.  
 "That's Senator Williams," said Carl looking at the photo.  
 "Yes, she's the one."  
 "Some stud you want to please got a yin for her and wants you to do a little
  role playing?"  
 "Something like that," said George.  
 "Similar facial structure and coloration, I could get you close. You wouldn't
  fool her husband or close friends. But for this guy who wants to play a little
  make believe, he'll buy it. Luckily, I have one of those blue pin stripe suits
  that she likes to wear. Let's go take a look."  
 George felt a shiver of anticipation as he descended the steps into the
  full basement that he recalled his father painstakingly finishing when he was
  a boy.  
 "You have made some changes," said George recalling the large family room
  where he had spent hours with his friends playing video games. The room was
  smaller by half than he recalled it.  
 "When you and your sister left, we cut the TV room in half to provide more
  space to our 'hobby' as we like to call it. But since we've started to show
  the house to realtors, I've had to remove the S&amp;M furnishing. It wouldn't
  do for potential buyers to see your Mom's whip collection and St. Andrews cross," said
  Carl unlocking the door and turning on the light in what was now a large mainly
  empty room.  
 "This could hold a crowd," commented George.  
 "We had ten couples here last fall. That was one hell of a party went on
  for two days," said George walking through the room to another locked door. "Remind
  me to show you some pictures. I was dressed like Faye Dunaway in that film,
  Mommie Dearest'. I looked real Joan Crawford. Your old man's butt saw almost
  continuous action. Had a sore tail for a week."  
 "I'd love to see them if Mom wouldn't mind," said George.  
 "Neither of us minds. You're all grown up now. You can handle the fact that
  your mother and I were charter members of the pervert's club. Even your Mom
  had become more open about her sexuality."  
 "And here it is. Your dad's inner sanctum, his holy of holies, the secret
  place where he transformed himself from Carl to Carlotta or Charlene or Charlotte," said
  Carl opening the door and turning on the light then standing aside for George
  to enter.  
 "This is really something. You've added a lot since I moved out," said George
  stepping into the brightly lit room. One entire wall was covered in floor to
  ceiling mirror and in the corner was a three-sided dressing mirror. There was
  a large make-up table covered in cosmetics and an empty dress rack. George
  marveled as his father opened a large walk in closet.  
 "To be a successful CD, first of all you have to have the right DNA. You're
  not going to fool anybody if you're 6'6", 300 pounds, with fifty-inch shoulders
  and a barrel chest. Cross-dressing isn't for everyone. But even with the right
  genetic material, you need to work at it," said Carl taking a photo album off
  a shelf and handing it to his son.  
 "That's you?" said George. He had opened the album to a wedding photo. He
  barely recognized his father in a long wedding dress standing beside a tuxedo-attired
  individual he recognized as the man who was his high school soccer coach. "Is
  that Sam Lewis?"  
 "Yes, Sam had a thing for me and suggested we get married. That was taken
  up at the lake. It was a perfect Saturday afternoon for a wedding," said Carl.  
 "You had quite a party," commented George looking at the photos of Sam removing
  his father's garter, the two of them dancing and feeding each other wedding
  cake. When George scanned the crowd, he recognized some of his father's male
  friends dressed up as women.  
 "Who were your bridesmaids?" asked George looking at one of the formal wedding
  pictures.  
 "That's Barry Simpson, Ed Longwood, and Jake Lazarus," said Carl looking
  at the pictures with his son.  
 "They look great, very femme," said George.  
 "Everybody went all out. It was the cross dressing party of the summer.
  Sam spent a fortune. He'd inherited some money when his dad died. There were
  over a hundred guests," said Carl. "Your mother was the flower girl."  
 "It looks like you had a good time," said George turning the album page
  to view a photo of his father kneeling down in front of the groom sucking his
  cock. They were in the center of the dance floor. A circle of admirers surrounded
  the couple. The circle included his mother dressed in a pretty yellow dress.
  She had yellow flowers in her hair and looked quite beautiful. But another
  photo at the bottom of the page was of his mother standing with her back to
  the camera looking over her shoulder smiling. The dress had no back and his
  mother's bare back, butt, and legs were plainly visible.  
 "Your Mom created quite the stir with her backless dress. When she appeared
  to walk down the aisle with a basket of flowers everyone sort of sighed at
  about how pretty she looked. But when she walked past and there was her naked
  ass on view, they freaked out. As soon as the ceremony was over, the crowd
  wanted a piece of her tail," said Carl looking over his son's shoulder at the
  album.  
 "Amazing, I'd love for something like that to happen to me," said George.  
 "Maybe it will one day. I think I can style this like the Senator," said
  Carl selecting a blonde wig off the shelf where a dozen wigs were on stands. "Why
  don't you loose the clothes? There's a set of white lingerie in the top drawer
  over there."  
 As he undressed, George marveled at his father's accomplishments. The closet
  was neat as a pin. Rows of built in drawers and shelves lined one wall. There
  were dozens of shoes and boots lined up on shelves. George felt his cock harden
  as he opened a drawer full of carefully folded women's lingerie.  
 "Try the white stay up hose and matching boy shorts," said Carl standing
  by his son. George flinched slightly when his father touched his bare bottom.  
 "You got my bottom. Everyone always said my rear was made for boy shorts," said
  Carl rubbing his hand over his son's buttocks.  
 "Feels good, Dad, a little weird given that you're my father," said George
  pushing his rear into his father's hand.  
 "I've got some creams that will remove unwanted hair from your hynie. You'll
  be smooth as a baby's butt for the next stud that slips his cock up your ass," said
  Carl.  
 "That would be terrific. I'd like to be completely hairless," said George
  closing his eyes as his cock hardened in response to his father's touch.  
 "You use it in the shower. Works like a charm and there's no mess. I better
  stop the butt play or you and me will wind up on the floor," said Carl removing
  his hand.  
 "How would Mom feel if she found out that you and I got it on?" said George
  turning toward his father.  
 "She could deal with it. She and Lenore did the nasty a few times," said
  Carl reaching down to wrap his fist around his son's cock and stroking it.  
"Mom and Lenore did it with one another?"  
"Yep, the first time was when Lenore was in college. Lenore had broken up
  with that musician fellow and she was really down when she came home on break."  
 "His name was Ethan and he played violin," said George who had never
    imagined that his conservative and reserved older sister had done anything
    so outlandish as having sex with her own mother. George closed his eyes and
    listened as his father talked while masturbating him. 
  One afternoon, your sister started crying on your Mom's shoulder about men
  in general and Ethan in particular. Apparently, she'd really humiliated herself
  to please the bastard. He was a dominant who made her wear a dog collar to
  S&amp;M parties. He liked to take Lenore to slave auctions and sell her for
  the evening then watch as the highest bidder screwed her, that sort of thing.
  Anyway somehow in the process of consoling Lenore, they started kissing and
  that lead to me finding them in bed eating each other's cunt like a pair of
  screaming dykes."   
 "I am really getting turned on," said George. His cock was now fully erect.  
 As much pleasure as this is, let's stop for now and get you dressed as the
  Senator. Then we'll have some fun.  
 George found the next hour one of the most exciting in his life as his father
  transformed him. His cock stayed hard during the entire time he dressed and
  had his make-up applied.  
 "Pretty damn close," said Carl comparing the picture of Senator Williams
  to the finished George.  
 "You're a genius, Dad," said George admiring his appearance in the three-sided
  mirror. He was wearing a dark blue pin striped suit, white silk blouse and
  medium heeled pumps. The blonde wig was perfect. George pictured himself up
  at Colonel Mercer's lake house bent over a chair while the Colonel sodomised
  him.  
 "Nothing that you can't learn to do too. If Celeste is willing, get her
  to work with you on makeup and the rest. Your Mother was my instructor and
  advisor until I learned to do things on my own."  
 "You look terrific too, Dad. And you were so quick," said George noting
  that his father had donned a leopard print dress and curly brunette wig.  
 "Speed comes with practice and of course. Some things are easier to get
  into than others."  
 "Dad, is there anyplace that we could go in public like this? You know as
  father and son?"  
 "Yes, there's a private club in downtown Charleston. Only CDs and the men
  who love them are allowed to join. I'm a member. You could go as my guest.
  Why don't you call Celeste and tell her you and your Dad are going out to dinner
  and you'll be late."  
 "I'll do that," said George reaching for his cell phone.  
Chapter 74 &ndash; The Law  
Please take note! Adults Only Literature  
The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written
  for adults only.  
If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing
  this file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
  now.  
This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
  is purely coincidental, etc.  
Email HarryBerg01@aol.com with your comments.  
Copyright 2004  
 ****   
 "Can you believe that idiot governor of ours is hosting a prayer breakfast
  for Senator Candace Williams next Wednesday? She's a fucking Catholic." Colonel
  Mercer asked his wife Debbie. The Colonel was holding several still publicity
  shots of Candace in one hand while he masturbated with the other.  
 "What did you expect, Wes? Governor Morrison is a politician. Senator Williams
  is one too, birds of a feather," said Debbie climbing onto the bed. She was
  wearing bright red garter belt and hose and a matching corset that bound her
  waist and pushed her boobs up.  
 "Suck my nuts while I jack off on the cunt's face," said Colonel Mercer.  
 "That's not the Senator's face. It's a picture of the Senator," said Debbie.  
 "Shit, I know that. Just do as you're fucking told," angrily yelled the
  Colonel.  
 "All right, sweetheart, no need to get nasty. Want me to pleasure your back
  door too," asked Debbie selecting an anal probe lying on the bed and holding
  it up for her husband's approval.  
 "Yeah, sure, a little ass play would be great," answered Colonel Mercer
  bending his knees and raising his legs to expose his asshole. Debbie slid a
  pillow under his rear to elevate his buttocks.  
 "Want your feet in the straps?" asked Debbie.  
 "Why not? But wipe that shit-eating grin off your face. Just because I like
  a little ass play doesn't mean I'm queer like George Pearson."  
 "Of course, you're not gay nor does the fact that I made Celeste Pearson
  eat my snatch make me a lesbian. It just means we're versatile," said Debbie
  reaching to take hold of the loop in the nylon strap attached high on the bedpost.
  She placed the straps around the Colonel's insteps. When she was done, the
  Colonel's skinny legs were poised at a sixty-degree angle toward the ceiling.  
 "Trussed up like a chicken. I bet George Pearson would love to be here right
  now in this position getting ready to take it up his ass," said Colonel Mercer.  
 "You definitely opened up a new horizon for him. I just love the way he
  pretends to be a girl. It's so cute," said Debbie.  
 "If I hadn't happened along, he'd still be thinking of himself as hetero.
  Thanks to the squad, and me he knows that he 's a cross dressing faggot that
  loves to suck dick and be ass fucked," said Colonel Mercer. "Fucker runs around
  like a French coquette. Shaking his fanny and acting like a queen. But to be
  candid about it, several of the men think he's hot and can't wait to fuck him.
  Maybe there's a little queer in all of us."  
 "Celeste is almost as bad. At the beginning, she acted real disgusted and
  wanted everybody to know that she's being forced to take part. But once the
  party started, she was eager to eat pussy, suck cock and take a dick in all
  three orifices," said Debbie as she wet a finger and pushed it against the
  center of the Colonel's pucker.  
 "She didn't mind swallowing a little piss either. Slut gulped yours down
  like it was mother's milk. Oh, that feels good. I love it when you work my
  butthole. Lots of wives won't go within a mile of their man's shitter. They
  think it's nasty," said the Colonel.  
 "You're a lucky bastard to have me, Wesley Mercer. I think butt play is
  hot. Even when it means you have to taste shit,' said Debbie running a wet
  finger over the Colonel's brown stained anus. She held the brown streaked finger
  up so the Colonel could see then put it in her mouth and licked it clean.  
 "Yeah, I'm a lucky bastard having a shit eating slut for a wife," said Colonel
  Mercer smiling as he spoke. "Now give me a kiss you pig slut."  
 Debbie leaned forward to engage in a lustful tongue kiss with the Colonel.
  The slight taste of shit filled both their mouths.  
 "I'm not the only shit eater in the Mercer family," said Debbie breaking
  the kiss and returning her prior position between the Colonel's legs.  
 "Just showing you that I'm just as big a pervert as you are. Now get busy
  and work my ass," said the Colonel.  
 "You've got the prettiest asshole for a man. It's just the lightest shade
  of tan, not even brown," said Debbie squirting some lube on her fingers then
  leaning down to lick the Colonel's pucker.  
 "I bet you like being fucked in the ass, Senator Williams. You cock sucking
  slut," said the Colonel switching to a photo of Senator Williams exiting from
  a limo showing a lot of thigh. "She thinks she can get elected President of
  the United States by being everyman's wet dream. Just cause I want to dump
  a load of jism up your ass, Senator, doesn't mean I want you to be my President."  
 "Are you going?" asked Debbie working her fingers coated with a lubricant
  intended for use in anal sex into the Colonel's anus.  
 "Going to what?"  
 "The prayer breakfast, silly, maybe when Senator Williams is bent over praying
  for salvation you can sneak up behind her, raised her skirt and stick your
  cock up her ass," said Debbie adding a second finger and twisting the two of
  them together.  
 "I'm required to go. But man would I love that and I just bet she would
  too. Use the other anal thing. I want it deep today."  
 "You are in a mood. I should volunteer down at the Williams for President
  campaign headquarters and meet this woman that has my husband so worked up," said
  Debbie wrapping her hand around the thick handle of the black latex toy to
  hold it steady as she squirted lubricant over it.  
 "Wish you could but we can't take sides at least publicly. She's not going
  to win anyway at least not here in South Carolina. This state's too Conservative
  to vote for a woman even if she is the best-looking piece of ass in the government.
  Plus yours truly will do his best to keep her supporters away from the polls
  on Election Day. Slide it in. I want to be butt fucked," said Colonel Mercer.  
 "It's called the Anal Punisher and I paid $39.95 for it at that store out
  on Highway 6," said Debbie positioning the rounded end of the column of latex
  at the Colonel's anus and applying enough pressure to slip the end past the
  anal ring.  
 "Oh yeah, now we are getting somewhere. I hope nobody recognized you. It
  wouldn't do for someone to see the wife of the head of the state police patronizing
  an adult video store," said Colonel Mercer.  
 "Don't worry. I was wearing dark glasses and my blonde wig. It was my down
  market disguise, black mini and a red tank top. I looked like a street whore," said
  Debbie.  
 "You couldn't disguise yourself as the Senator, could you?" said the Colonel
  looking from the picture he was holding to his wife.  
 "God no, she's almost six feet tall and has that perfect facial structure.
  We're not built anything alike. I wish I did have her face and figure. I thought
  I heard you telling George Pearson to see if he could dress and look like Senator
  Williams," said Debbie beginning to slowly fuck the Colonel's butt with the
  Anal Punisher.  
 "That's right, I figured it would be a hoot to fuck that tight ass of his
  when he's dressed up like Senator Williams. Now pack my shit. What's it like?" said
  the Colonel.  
 "What's what like?"  
 "The store, I haven't been in one of those places in years," said the Colonel.  
 "Busy, I spent over $300. You know me I love to shop," said Debbie.  
 "You didn't use a credit card, did you?"  
 "You must think I'm stupid," said Debbie emphasizing her point by slamming
  the sex toy in the Colonel's ass as far as it would go then rotating the handle
  back and forth.  
 "Oh God, fuck that ass, make me your bitch," whispered the Colonel. "How
  busy?"  
 "Very."  
 "Probably full of old perverts in raincoats," said the Colonel.  
 "You couldn't be more misinformed. There were housewives, young couples,
  and businessmen. Sex even deviant sex is mainstream. There was a couple near
  our age very well dressed. The wife was buying several whips and a ball stretcher.
  You could tell the husband couldn't wait to get home for a butt whipping. The
  clientele was mostly suburbanites I'd say. There were also a group of hunky
  construction workers," said Debbie.  
 "Sounds like they're making some dough. Maybe I should pay the owner a visit
  and see if he wants to make a contribution to the State Police Widow and Orphan's
  Fund. That 's it long deep strokes. Pull it almost out then push it in as deep
  as it will go. I want my shit packed."  
 "Graft and corruption," sniffed Debbie.  
 "Don't go getting self righteous on me. That fund is what pays for little
  extras like the house at the lake and our vacation at St. Bart's. And for that
  matter, where did you think that $300 you spent at the store comes from," said
  Colonel Mercer.  
 "Just teasing. I spent a little more than $300,' said Debbie squeezing the
  Colonel's testicles as she fucked him with the anal toy.  
 "What else did you buy?"  
 "There are video booths in the back of the store. I dropped about $20 in
  them," said Debbie.  
 "You went back into the booths. Jesus, you are a slut," said the Colonel.  
 "Yes, I went out of curiosity but I was glad I did," said Debbie.  
 "Why?"  
 "Because the booth I entered had a round hole in the wall. I wasn't in there
  two minutes before the guy next door stuck his cock through the hole."  
 "That's called a gloryhole. And so what did you do?"  
 "I knelt down and sucked it."  
 "Slut, common whore."  
 "Yes, that's true but you made me that way. I was a wholesome Southern bell
  when you happened along," said Debbie working her tongue across her husband's
  balls.  
 "That's a laugh. My sister says you were the biggest slut the Tri-Deltas
  ever pledged."  
 "Your sister was the biggest slut they ever pledged. I was just trying to
  live up to the standard she set."  
 "Martha was a nun compared to you."  
 "Not hardly loyal brother, she was just a little more discreet about sneaking
  into the athlete's dorm and pulling a train. Martha's got a thing for black
  cock, still does," said Debbie.  
 "You lying tramp. Martha wouldn't allow a black man to touch her."  
 "Sorry to burst your balloon, sweetheart but I saw her take on three ebony
  studs all at once. She was out of her mind drunk, begging them to fuck her.
  They left her on the floor of the sorority house passed out and snoring peacefully
  in a puddle of their piss" said Debbie.  
 "And what were you doing while this was going on?"  
 "I was filling my twat with the dark stuff too. The center of the basketball
  team was 6'10 and his cock was proportionate to his height. That black rod
  was deep in my womb when he shot me full of baby juice."  
 "Jesus, I love it when you talk dirty. I wonder if Senator Williams is into
  the dark stuff. They say that religious con artist Freedman is pulling out
  all the stops to get her elected. Karl Liebert tells me that there is not a
  black man or woman in the state that hasn't registered to vote in the last
  thirty days."  
 "Couldn't Karl have found a reason to prevent them from registering. He
  has in the past," said Debbie.  
 "I asked him that."  
 "And?"  
 "He just mumbled something about being fare to all the state's citizens
  regardless of color or ethnicity. Somebody has gotten to him. Last week, he
  sent a team to several AME Zion churches to register blacks as soon as Sunday
  services were over. Do you believe that?"  
 "I'd say Senator Williams or one of her people has put Karl on the payroll.
  Maybe the Senator herself is sucking his dick. I'd bet she gives good head," said
  Debbie.  
 "Maybe I'll invite her out to the lake house the next time we have a party," said
  Colonel Mercer staring hard at a picture taken by a paparazzi of Candace standing
  on a beach in a minimal bikini.  
 "I'd love that. If George Pearson shows up dressed like her, you could switch
  your cock from his ass to hers and back."  
 "That would be hot. You were telling me about your gloryhole adventure," said
  the Colonel.  
 "Not that much to tell. Stud shot his load in my mouth and I gulped it down.
  You know how I love to swallow semen. I waited a minute and another cock poked
  through the hole."  
 "And you couldn't wait to suck it."  
 "I was very pleased to see a sizeable uncut peter staring one-eyed at me.
  I immediately got busy and before long, my mouth was filled with sweet jism
  that I swallowed even though there was a coffee can on the floor to spit into
  to. It was full of spunk from guys jerking off."  
 "Surprised you didn't pick up the can and drink it."  
 "I considered it but I was interrupted by the appearance of the third cock.
  They must make a fortune with those video booths. You could hear the sound
  of dollar bills being sucked into the money slots every other minute."  
 "Let me guess. You put your mouth on your third dirty dick and got busy," said
  the Colonel.  
 "Exactly, like a Charleston street whore on a busy Saturday night," said
  Debbie.  
 "Except you're sucking dicks for free. I ought to turn you over to a pimp
  and make some money off your ass."  
 "You'd ruin my amateur status," said Debbie.  
 "So what was the final tally?"  
 "Seven or eight, a lady isn't supposed to be too exact in those matters.
  It spoils the romance."  
 "Sounds like you got a belly full of cum."  
 "I didn't eat for the rest of the day. I wonder if you could live off semen."  
 "Ask your mother, she'd know."  
 "I'm being paid back for talking about your sister. That wasn't all by the
  way."  
 "What else happened?"  
 "As I was leaving the booth to get some more change, I ran into the three
  construction workers in the hallway. They took me into a buddy booth and raped
  me."  
 "Raped you, that's impossible. What's a buddy booth?"  
 "It's bigger than the others. There's room for a couple of gays to butt
  fuck each other."  
 "You certainly learned a lot in a single visit."  
 "One of the construction guys called it a buddy booth. There was a gloryhole
  between the buddy booths. While I was bent over for dog style I watched two
  nicely dressed businessmen get it on in the next booth. I think it's hot to
  watch men fuck one another. They were wearing expensive suits. They looked
  like lawyers."  
 "Probably were lawyers, county courthouse is not too far. And what was going
  on while you were watching the two sodomites?"  
 "At first, the three rapists forced me to my knees and I had to suck all
  their cocks. After I got them hard, they pulled up my skirt and ripped my panty
  off. They pushed my sweater up and grabbed my tits hurting them. I begged them
  to stop but they were like animals."  
 "I'll just bet you did."  
 "Then they bent me over this metal stool and had their way with me. They
  kept sticking their big hard dicks in my mouth and pussy. One of them held
  by butt cheeks apart and spit on my asshole. After that he forced his dick
  in my rectum. It hurt so bad I wanted to scream. They kept fucking me until
  finally they shot semen all over my face and hair. I had to drive home that
  way. It was disgusting."  
 "Oh fuck, I'm going to cum," yelled Colonel Mercer as spurts of semen shot
  out to land on the pictures of Senator Williams.  
 "That's right, baby, dump your load on the Senator. If she was here, she'd
  love it," said Debbie squeezing the Colonel's balls to extract every drop.  
 "All right, scan these in and put them out on the WEB site with the others," said
  the Colonel handing the stained images to his wife.  
Chapter 75 &ndash; The Other Law  
Please take note! Adults Only Literature  
The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written
  for adults only.  
If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing
  this file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
  now.  
This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
  is purely coincidental, etc.  
Email HarryBerg01@aol.com with your comments.  
Copyright 2004  
 ****   
   "You're quite the little actress, Sally," said Duane.
  Duane was sitting on the couch typing their weekly case status report into
  his laptop computer. "When I took this assignment I had no idea how much fun
  it was going to be."  
 "Who the fuck was acting? The bastard Zachary liked to have killed me. Look
  at the whelps on my ass," said Sally bending over and lifting her short robe
  to show Duane her bare bottom. She playfully backed up to the couch reaching
  one hand back to pull her buttocks apart.  
 "I'll kiss it and make it well?' asked Duane leaning forward to plant his
  lips on his co-workers rear. He couldn't resist passing his tongue over Sally's
  anus.  
 "How about a butt munch? Feel like sucking that A-hole, tongue fucker?" said
  Sally jiggled her bottom then reaching back with her other hand to fully separate
  her buttocks. Using techniques she'd strengthened during Pilate's class she
  flexed the muscles of her anal ring inward then outward.  
 "What a talent!" exclaimed an impressed Duane. " The Major did mark your
  ass but hell we all know you get off on being abused," said Duane referring
  to Colonel Mercer's second in command, Major Zachary Wallace. Duane could see
  faint red lines and his lips detected places where the skin was raised in whelps.
  He even detected there was a slight amount of heat rising from the surface.
  Still he knew that Sally was a pain slut and that she relished the kind of
  punishment she had suffered last night.  
 "Come on partner, suck my butt and I'll do yours," said Sally extending
  her arm to where she could stick the tip of her finger up her pulsating asshole.  
 "Didn't you get enough cock last night? I've got to finish this report.
  You know how the Agency gets excited when they don't hear from their field
  agents at least once a week."  
 "You're no fun. I'll just fuck myself," sighed Sally plopping down in a
  nearby armchair. She athletically placed her legs over the chair arms raising
  herself up into a split level with the chair arms. Sally took a large dildo
  off the adjacent end table, coated the head with lubricant from a clear plastic
  bottle, positioned it at the entrance to her vagina and then slowly lowered
  herself causing the dildo to slide into her pussy. "My sorority big sister
  taught me to do this. Funny the things you learn at Smith."  
 "Glad you took advantage of everything your school had to offer. You joined
  the DEA right out of college?" said Duane not looking at Sally and continuing
  to type.  
 "Yes, the recruiter said there would be opportunity to work undercover.
  That sounded exciting."  
 "Did he mention that you would be getting fucked all the time?"  
 "Yes, he told me that undercover assignments often involved having indiscriminate
  sex with multiple partners," said Sally playing with her clit as she raised
  and lowered herself.  
 "And your response was?"  
 "Where the hell do I sign up?"  
 "So you weren't required to prove you were a total slut before you joined?"  
 "I offered to blow him."  
 "And he accepted?"  
 Yes of course, I did him right there in the small office at Smith's placement
  center. When I got him to blow his load in record time, he said I had the makings
  of a terrific undercover agent."  
 "I suppose getting you cock sucked by college graduates is one of the hidden
  perks of government service."  
 "Want me to suck yours?"  
 "In a minute, that squishing sound your pussy is making when you ride that
  latex dong is arousing my interest and diverting my attention from our report."  
 "I think I'll go to the gym and work out after we fuck," said Sally. "Maybe
  there's some horny body builder there who'll pay me some attention. I'll go
  in the men's locker room and lay down on a bench and take on all comers."  
 "Most body builders are narcissistic fags."  
 "You were a body builder ergo you are a narcissistic fag," said Sally reaching
  down to spank her pussy while using the dildo to invade her vagina. "Bad pussy,
  bad pussy," chanted Sally slapping her clitoris with an open palm.  
 "I was a weight lifter and a wrestler, very different thing."  
 "Let's go to the mall and try on dresses after the gym," said Sally.  
 "I told you that I'll pick it out but we have to bring it home for me to
  try. There's no way I'm going in the Ladies Changing Room. I could get arrested."  
 "I am getting better at guessing your sizes. You looked darling last night
  in the outfit I got you at Victoria Secrets. All the top echelon of the South
  Carolina Highway Patrol agreed. They lined up to ream your butthole," said
  Sally. "I wish all men's cocks were this big."  
 "All most no men's cocks are that big. That dildo's what, ten inches long?
  The legendary John Holmes was only fourteen."  
 "Who the fuck is John Holmes? Where is he? Can I meet him?"  
 "Unfortunately for you, he's dead, died of AIDS."  
 "Must have been gay?"  
 "Bisexual, he performed in straight and gay porn films. He was quite famous
  in his day."  
 "Too bad, I would have loved to fuck him. That Adult Store where I got this
  has even bigger ones that this. But they're mostly for queers. They got one
  shaped like a human arm. Want me to buy it for you?"  
 "No, my anus is just the right size to fit tight around the average dick.
  Aren't you afraid you'll stretch something down there? Now, got to run this
  through Spell Checker and I'm done."  
 "It always snaps back. As part of my Phi Mu initiation, all the pledges
  had to be fisted by their big sister."  
 "I suppose you didn't have any problem," said Duane.  
 "Cory went in past her wrist and all I did was moan. Then everybody oohed
  and ahhed when she went in to her elbow. Most of the pledges were freaking
  out over a couple of fingers."  
 "An overachiever in so many ways, I didn't know you were so fucking hardcore
  until last night."  
 "The entire evening was hardcore to me. I had a great time. The hard part
  was pretending I was some innocent young thing horrified and disgusted about
  having to participate in such depraved acts."  
 "Yeah but the horse piss and jism cocktail you sucked out of Celeste Pearson's
  butt was what I would term edge play, definitely beyond hardcore. I've suck
  jism out of an asshole before but not with a horse piss chaser."  
 "I don't think it was horse piss. It tasted like regular piss to me."  
 "And you would know. What are you some kind of piss connoisseur?"  
 "I dated a guy in college that was into golden showers, big time. Don't
  tell me you and Carole never traded a little urine," said Sally referring to
  Duane's wife.  
 "Certainly not of an equine nature. You never told me you were into water
  sports."  
 "I only dated Todd for a semester. He was a grad student in Political Science.
  And he belonged to this group at UMASS that was into piss. It was mostly faculty.
  Do you think sticking a dildo in your womb could keep you from having a baby?"  
 "How should I know? So what happened during group meetings?"  
 "Professor Miles, he was sort of in charge, would give everybody a pee sickle
  to lick. At least that was how we started."  
 "What in blazes is a pee sickle?"  
 "And I thought you knew everything. It was frozen pee on a pop sickle stick.
  Didn't your mom have one of those plastic molds she could fill with water and
  flavoring and put in the refrigerator freezer when you were a little boy?"  
 "As a matter of fact, she did, but at my house we favored blueberry or orange.
  We never thought of using our pee. But my dad was a cop and mom taught school.
  It would take a tenured professor at UMASS to realize the potential of frozen
  urine on a stick. So what happened after the pee pops had melted."  
 "We peed on each other. He had an indoor swimming pool. We had sex too."  
 "Did you get off on it?" asked Duane.  
 "Yeah at first, it was cool to have one guy with his cock in your pussy
  or ass while somebody else pisses in your mouth. It got old after a while."  
 "So what did you do when everyone's bladder was empty, discuss the sex life
  of Emily Dickinson? Her home is right off campus."  
 "Emily Dickinson, the spinster of Amherst. The American Lit professors at
  Smith made such a big deal out of her. I think her poems are total shit."  
 "So at Smith you were more into the piss swilling dildo fucking crowd than
  the lesbian poetry reading bunch."  
 "Definitely, although I occasionally let one of the dykes go down on me
  if she asked politely."  
 "Is there any truth to the rumor that the Smith Faculty expects the students
  to engage in lesbian relationships?"  
 "A Smith girl is supposed to be bi-sexual. That's part of the ethos of the
  place."  
 "And all that illicit sex prepared you for a career as an undercover DEA
  agent?"  
 "Not hardly, did I ever tell you about my first undercover assignment?"  
 "No, I don't think so," said Duane responding to the Spell Checker using
  the laptop's mouse.  
 "Roy Beckman was head of the Newark office. Don't quote me on this but Roy
  is a first class prick."  
 "I know Roy and I agree he is a lousy son of a bitch to work for. He'd whore
  his own mother if he though it would score any points with the bosses. So what
  happened?"  
 "He wanted to make a big score to move his career along. So he puts me on
  the street working for this snitch who happened to be a pimp that went by the
  name of Little L."  
 "Little L, colorful name," said Duane.  
 "Yeah, a year before Roy had busted Little L with a rental truck full of
  high quality Jamaican weed. So he had him by the short hairs. Besides weed,
  Little L ran half dozen girls out of his crib near the jersey end of the Lincoln
  Tunnel. I became one of the whores. I was turning twenty tricks a night, mostly
  half and half."  
 "Your initial assignment was working as a hooker? Promising start to a career
  in law enforcement."  
 "Yes, I was supposed to fuck my way to the top of the local Jamaican Posse."  
 "Somebody recognized your talent early on," said Duane.  
 "I caught gonorrhea three times. The last time the infection was in my throat.
  I couldn't talk or suck cock for two weeks."  
 "The loss of income must have pissed Little L off," said Duane.  
 "He took a pimp stick to my ass and beat me until I passed out," said Sally.  
 "How did you get clap?"  
 "I went into a crack house to make a buy. The residents decided that I needed
  to pull a train. They beat me up, ripped my clothes off and tied me to a bed
  frame. I stayed there two days until finally Little L got to wondering where
  I was and found me."  
 "How many cars in the train?"  
 "Shit, I don't know. I lost count after the first twenty. The worst part
  was that some of them hadn't bathed in months," said Sally.  
 "Personal hygiene and crack are not compatible. Did you ever bust any of
  the higher ups?"  
 "I made a case against two of his lieutenants but the top guy wasn't having
  nothing to do with a white whore."  
 "Wise man, done, done, done," said Duane closing the laptop.  
 "Duane, come over here and eat my pussy. I need it so badly. I'll just do
  anything if you go down on me," said Sally.  
 "Love too, partner," said Duane moving to a kneeling position in front of
  Sally.  
 "Nice, you got a warm soft tongue,' said Sally closing her eyes.  
 "How about a little pee? Just pretend you're back at Smith and Emily Dickinson
  is licking your snatch," said Duane after he had been eating Sally's pussy
  for a few minutes?  
 "Put your mouth on my pee hole and don't move. I don't want to have to get
  the piss smell out of the upholstery," said Sally.  
 Duane positioned his mouth over Sally's urethra. Almost immediately, his
  mouth slowly filled with Sally's urine. He greedily gulped the warm acrid liquid
  down.  
 "I see I'm not the only one who likes a piss cocktail," said Sally when
  they were done. Sally leaned down to kiss Duane a deep probing tongue kiss
  then returned his head to her pussy."  
 "Nothing like French kissing a man with the taste and smell of your piss
  in his mouth. It's heavenly," said Sally.  
 "Nothing like eating a hot pussy with a belly full of warm urine," said
  Duane.  
 "How about returning the favor?"  
 "Sure, that coffee is working its magic on me. I feel like I'm going to
  bust," said Duane standing up.  
 "I'm a lucky lady," said Sally taking Duane's cock in her mouth. "Be a good
  boy and empty your bladder in Momma's mouth."  
 "You full?" asked Duane when the last drops of urine had left his bladder
  and Sally had gulped it down.  
 "Tight as a tick as the locals say," said Sally placing her hand on her
  slightly distended belly. "Now, Momma wants to be fucked in her ass."  
 "Turn over and spread your cheeks, Marilyn," said Duane.  
 "Marilyn," questioned Sally.  
 "Yeah, Marilyn was my mother's name," said Duane positioning his cock as
  Sally's well-lubricated anus.  
 "Did you ever get it on with Momma?"  
 "No, Momma was pretty straight with us kids."  
 "Brothers and sisters?"  
 "I taught my little brother Eddie to suck my dick when he was eleven and
  I was thirteen. He threw up the first time I unloaded in his mouth. I beat
  the shit out of him for that. In spite of last night you are still tight."  
 "I love having a cock in my ass," said Sally reaching between her legs to
  cup Duane's balls.  
 "Carole likes anal. She let me butt fuck her on our second date," said Duane
  picking up the pace.  
 "What girl doesn't? At least if she's not a lesbian."  
 Minutes later after changing positions several times, Duane ejaculated deep
  inside Sally's rectum as she masturbated herself to another loud screaming
  climax.  
 "Let's see if it is going to rain," said Duane after they had caught their
  breath. He turned on the television and selected the Weather Channel. An advertisement
  of the Williams for President was playing.  
 "Did you hear the Colonel and Major Zachary talking about Senator Williams?" asked
  Sally idly masturbating herself.  
 "Not surprising, she's on every fucking billboard, radio station, and television
  channel in Charleston. The idea of a woman running for President brings out
  the misogynist in these red neck Southerners."  
 "I've heard rumors that Senator Williams is involved with drugs. In fact,
  she's the head of the world's largest drug cartel. Maybe we can get something
  on her. Bringing down a US Senator would get the both of us promoted," said
  Sally.  
 "Don't even think about it .I'm deadly serious. You've obviously never heard
  the cautionary tale of Mandy Wyman?" asked Duane looking disturbed. He grabbed
  Sally's shoulder and squeezed hard as he spoke.  
 "Who was she?"  
 "Like you, she was a pretty young miss who joined the DEA right out of college."  
 "So you think I'm pretty?"  
 "Mandy was from Boston, went to Tufts on scholarship very ambitious and
  like you a girl fully committed to being a slut. She was a good kid and everybody
  liked her. I was working in the Boston office at the time she joined the DEA.
  She was also a really good-looking piece of ass and very understanding when
  one of the guys needed some strange."  
 "Sluts are always popular with the guys. I learned that in middle school," said
  Sally.  
 "Unknown to anyone, she decided on her own to look into the rumors about
  Senator Williams. Mandy hooked up with these biker chicks that according to
  the word on the street were fanatically loyal to the Senator. Mandy even bought
  a Harley with her own money. Of course, if the agent in charge had known anything
  about this they would have transferred her overnight to Alaska."  
 "Did she find anything?"  
 "Who knows? She disappeared one day," said Duane.  
 "What happened to her?"  
 "Vanished like a puff of smoke, for over a year, nobody had a clue, then
  one day her fianc&eacute; shows up at the office with a scat film."  
 "That's wild, she disappeared to make scat films," said Sally.  
 "Not exactly, her fianc&eacute; was a medical student. He claimed that a
  buddy of his who knew Mandy brought him the DVD because he thought he recognized
  Mandy. The fianc&eacute; his name was Mark as I recall showed us the DVD. Can
  you picture the DEA's Boston office sitting in a conference room watching a
  scat film? Some of them had no idea that there were people on earth who got
  off eating shit. It was almost impossible to recognize her."  
 "So how did you know it was her?"  
 "Her fianc&eacute; stopped on a frame where you could see a small birthmark
  shaped like a ship's anchor high on the back of her neck. He had some pictures
  of her sucking his cock that showed the exact same birthmark. Still she was
  hard to recognize."  
 "Why?"  
 "Her hair was dyed platinum blonde and she'd had a boob job. Her fianc&eacute; said
  she was a 34B when she disappeared but she was more like a double D in the
  film. And that's not all."  
 "Pray continue."  
 "She was tattooed like a Japanese yakusa. I mean every inch of skin was
  covered with some design. Even her face and the inside of her labia were tattooed.
  From her forehead to the tops of her feet, she was inked. It looked bizarre"  
 "So what was she doing on the DVD?" asked Sally.  
 "Among other things, ingesting a very large steamy turd right out of another
  girl's ass. There was a close-up of another girl squatting over Mandy. On the
  DVD, you could hear the other woman groaning and grunting as her sphincter
  opened up and a nice big slug of kaviar appeared."  
 "Kaviar," questioned Sally?  
 "Scat term, refers to feces. Anyway as soon as about an inch is showing,
  Mandy wraps her lips around it and starts chewing."  
 "Now that is truly hardcore," said Sally.  
 "I'll say. Anyway our little Mandy chews and swallows as inch-by-inch a
  foot long log of brown shit emerges. When she finished chewing, she cleaned
  the shit off her partners' asshole with her mouth. Then the partner pisses
  in Mandy's mouth to help her wash it all down. Some other girls then joined
  Mandy and her friend and everybody got to eat some shit and drink pee. They
  smeared it all over themselves then ate each other's shit covered pussy. It
  was nasty."  
 "So were you able to figure out where sweet little Mandy was and rescue
  her from a life of scat?"  
 "Nope, our Washington experts said that the DVD was probably made at one
  of the mining camps located a thousand miles up the Amazon. There were hundreds
  of those places and they are not easy to get to. It would have taken an army
  to find her. All of the camps have brothels and Mandy was most likely working
  in one of them. An agent who grew up in Amazonia came to Boston and explained
  that a white woman would last at most two years in an Amazon brothel. Suicide,
  disease, snake bites, drunken miners all contribute to a shortened life span.
  He also said that a well-connected patron in Sao Paulo owns some of the more
  notorious brothels. His brothels always have a pair of hungry jaguars on the
  premises. If a girl gives them trouble or gets too sick too work, she's fed
  to the cats and that becomes a snuff film. The girl's still alive when they
  tear off a steak or crunch a bone."  
 "Wow," said Sally.  
 "So I never want to hear another word about Senator Williams. She is inviolable
  as far as the DEA is concerned."  
Chapter 76 &ndash; Governor's Lady  
Please take note! Adults Only Literature  
The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written
  for adults only.  
If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing
  this file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
  now.  
This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
  is purely coincidental, etc.  
Email HarryBerg01@aol.com with your comments.  
Copyright 2004  
 ****   
 "You black bastards are all going to jail," screamed Amanda Morrison as
  soon as the hood was pulled off her head. The Amazons who had abducted her
  had roughly pushed her into the room then left.  
 "Hello Amanda, how are things at the Governor's Mansion?" asked Doctor Freedman
  seated on the leather couch that faced the wall size plasma screen. They were
  in the Home Entertainment Center of the Doctor's mansion located in one of
  Charleston's most upscale new developments.  
 "Sidney Freedman, you stupid nigger," said Amanda recognizing Doctor Freedman.  
"Kidnapping is a Class A felony. My husband will have you locked up for the
  rest of your life. And I'll have Warden Winsted assign you to the same cellblock
  as the Aryan Nation. You better get used to having a white dick up your black
  ass."  
 "My oh my Amanda, such language from our state's first lady. How about a
  drink to calm you down? Brother Markham get the Governor's wife one of those
  pomegranate martinis that are so fashionable among rich white folks.  
 "Certainly, Doctor," said Brother Markham who was standing nearby. Brother
  Markham stepped smartly to the small wet bar located on the rear wall and began
  to mix the drink.  
 "I don't drink with niggers," said Amanda turning around to leave. She grabbed
  the door handle but it wouldn't open. She attacked the door with all her strength
  but it wouldn't budge.  
 "Door's locked, Amanda. Calm down. Sit over here by me, please," said Doctor
  Freedman patting the couch beside him.  
 "Sidney, let me go right this minute and we'll forget this ever happened," said
  Amanda giving up on the door. She was beginning to realize that her situation
  was serious.  
 "Sit down, Amanda, we have some things to discuss," said Doctor Freedman.  
 "I have nothing to discuss with you other than how long you and your boy
  there are going to jail," said Amanda remaining standing.  
 "You know some people would consider you a racist since you used the N-word
  several times and refer to Brother Markham as a boy. How old are you Brother
  Markham?"  
 "I'll be forty two next month, Doctor Freedman," said Brother Markham who
  then proceeded to shake the martini shaker.  
 "Hardly a boy unless you are trying to pointedly ignore the obvious masculinity
  of a black man as a means for denying him his proper status as a human being," said
  Doctor Freedman.  
 "Civil rights bullshit, my Mommie and Daddy had no use for your kind and
  they raised me to believe like them," said Amanda.  
 "I know you come from racist stock. Your grandfather, Sam Collins was Imperial
  Wizard of the South Carolina chapter of the Knights of the Klu Klux Klan and
  grandmother Rachel was Imperial Commander of the Kamelias. I got a picture
  of the two of them in their klan regalia in a book in my library."  
 "Good thing for you that Granddaddy Collins is dead. When he led the Klan,
  they'd lynch a Negro for touching a white woman or even looking at her the
  wrong way. Niggers knew their place in my granddaddy's time."  
 "Amanda, you are such a throwback for a college educated white woman. Haven't
  you ever hear of Brown versus Board of Education and the Civil Rights Movement?"  
 "Of course I know. Let's cut the bullshit. Why have you brought me here?"  
 "To watch a movie with me. I crave your company."  
 "I got the same thing to say to you that I said when you asked me out on
  a date twenty years ago. I don't associate with coons, even rich coons."  
 "Its high definition video with Doldy-2 surround sound."  
 "What is it, the life of Martin Luther Coon?"  
 "Ah! That's a funny one, Martin Luther Coon. Was that in your grand pappy's
  KKK Joke Book? If you don't sit down on your own, I'll have my boy Brother
  Markham set you down and he won't be nice about it. Will you Brother Markham?"  
 "Seems to me that we need to teach this white lady how to act around black
  folk?" said Brother Markham taking a small leather black jack out of his pocket
  then taking several steps toward Amanda.  
 "I'll sit," said Amanda eying Brother Markham's blackjack.  
 "Get comfortable, loose the jacket," said Doctor Freedman.  
 Amanda was dressed in a stylish Missoni workout suit. She had been on her
  way to meet her personal trainer when the Amazons intercepted her in the parking
  lot of her health club.  
 "Sidney, you're pathetic," said Amanda unzipping and removing her jacket
  then slipping it off. She was wearing a tank style workout top that exposed
  her midriff. In spite of her age, Amanda had employed strict dieting and a
  rigorous training regimen to maintain her figure. Amanda purposely forced her
  shoulder blades together and arched her back forcing her breasts to stand out. "Does
  that turn you on, black boy? Just like it did when I used to cheer courtside.
  I bet you went back to the dorm and played with your cock while you pretended
  I was there sucking it."  
 "Still a cock teaser after all these years. You're right though. I used
  to watch you cheer for the Gamecocks. There were times when I didn't want the
  coach to send me in the game so I could sit there and watch you jump up and
  down shaking those big titties. And after the game, I'd take some blonde white
  girl that reminded me of you back to my dorm room and fuck her brains out all
  the while pretending it was the Amanda Collins, the prettiest sexiest girl
  on campus. I'd fantasize it was you whining and moaning and telling me how
  terrific my cock felt in your pussy."  
 "SC didn't lack for low down sluts. Well, it's been nice reminiscing about
  our college days but I have things to do. If I'm not back in an hour, the Governor
  will notice my absence and every policeman in the state will be searching for
  me," lied Amanda.  
 "I happen to know that our Governor could care less whether you come home
  tonight or next week. That is unless he's feeling mean and has the urge to
  slap someone around," said Doctor Freedman.  
 "That's a lie. Wesley has never hit me," blurted out Amanda. The occasional
  beating was the price she paid for being the Governor's wife. Amanda would
  have been correct if she had said, "Wesley has never him me when he was sober." Her
  problem was that lately, Wesley had been drinking most of the time.  
 "We have a complete file of your many visits to the ER. That includes the
  one three months ago when you broke your nose running into a door. We even
  have a copy of Doctor Doris Bennett's original report that she believed you
  were a victim of spousal abuse. Poor old Wesley had to appoint her Chairman
  of the State Board of Health to shut her up the first female doctor and the
  youngest chairperson in state history. But we're not here to discuss that your
  husband, the Governor of our great state, regularly uses you for a punching
  bag. We're here to watch a movie," said Doctor Freedman pushing the remote's
  Power On button.  
 "Shit," was all Amanda could manage as the screen flickered on.  
 "Beautiful picture, with HDTV you can't see the little color dots even on
  a big screen. You recognize that place, Amanda?"  
 "No!" exclaimed Amanda in an angry voice. "I don't recognize that place."  
 "Two pomegranate martinis," said Brother Markham arriving with the drinks.  
 "Pomegranate is fresh squeezed and chilled. They tell me pomegranate juice
  is very healthy. Cleanses the blood of free radicals," said Doctor Freedman.  
 Amanda considered throwing her drink in Doctor Freedman's face then decided
  against it when she saw the black jack hanging out of Brother Markham's coat
  pocket.  
 "So what is this place?" asked Amanda in an exasperated tone before taking
  a sip of her drink.  
 "Surprised you don't recognize it. That's the Presidential Suite at the
  J. W. Dant Marriott in downtown Charlotte. You were there four weeks ago to
  the day."  
 "All right I remember now. Are we going to sit here for an hour and watch
  an empty hotel suite,' said Amanda trying to ignore the feeling of unease that
  was settling in her belly.  
 "It'll start in just a second. How's your drink?"  
 "Passable,' responded Amanda. Actually it was delicious but there was no
  way she was going to tell Sidney Freedman that.  
 "Lights, camera, action," said Doctor Freedman as the hotel room filled
  with well-dressed women.  
 "I'll kill you, Sidney, kill you dead, chop you into chum and feed you to
  the sharks," said Amanda recognizing the women. "But before you die, I'm going
  to cut your cock and balls off and stuff them down your throat. Everybody will
  say Sidney Freedman died sucking his own dick."  
 "For a genteelly raised Southern belle, you have a very colorful way of
  expressing yourself, Amanda. Introduce the cast of our little film, Brother
  Markham," said Doctor Freedman ignoring Amanda's threat.  
 Amanda looked to the back of the room where Brother Markham was seated at
  a computer workstation. The screen motion froze as a green circle appeared
  around the face of a young woman.  
 "Sarah Davis Carlson, the bride's older sister, the matron of honor," announced
  Brother Markham.  
 The screen resumed action for a second then froze again. Another green circle
  was drawn on the screen. It was a pretty young brunette whose smile revealed
  sparkling white teeth.  
 "Kathy Wells Parker, the brides best friend, her college roommate, a maid
  of honor."  
 Amanda watched in disbelief as Brother Markham used the screen and the video
  editing station to identify each of the participants in the batchelorette party
  that Amanda had hosted for her future daughter-in-law. It had been an affair
  that from Amanda's viewpoint had gone horribly wrong.  
 At the workstation, Brother Markham was reading from test that appeared
  at the bottom of the screen. The video had been edited and scripted by a team
  of professionals at one of the major studios. There had been six high definition
  digital cameras in the suite's main room. Each was equipped with zoom lens.
  A team of experts had controlled the robotic camera during the course of the
  evening.  
 "Sandra Rowland Pelham, another good friend of the bride, maid of honor."  
 "Michelle Morrison, sister of the groom, maid of honor."  
 "Traci Anne Morrison, also sister of the groom, maid of honor."  
 "Margaret Tate Davis, mother of the bride."  
 "Catherine Tate Davis, bride to be of Kevin Alexander Morrison."  
 "Amanda Collins Morrison, mother of the groom," said Brother Markham finishing
  his presentation.  
 "My God you filmed Cathy's batchelorette party," said Amanda looking stunned.
  She had to fight back the urge to throw up. Things had happened that night
  that would ruin not only her but also the one person in this world she cared
  about.  
 "Yes, we call it, 'Batchelorettes Gone Wild'. Next month we plan on advertising
  it for sale on Spike Television for $19.95. We'll include at absolutely no
  additional cost a short subject that I will show you when we are done with
  the main attraction."  
 Amanda watched as on screen, she opened two bottles of champagne and filled
  enough flutes for the eight women. Amanda made a long emotional toast to the
  bride then everyone drank.  
 "The good thing about Liquid Ecstasy is that it is tasteless and odorless
  but it can sure get a party going," said Doctor Freedman. Doctor Freedman smiled
  to himself as Michelle circulated among the women filling their champagne glasses.
  Senator Williams' Amazons had handled all the details including spiking the
  champagne with enough Liquid Ecstasy to leave each woman without the slightest
  inhibition. Still it was nice to see little Michelle doing her part to entrap
  her own mother.  
 On screen, the suite's door chime sounded. Amanda opened the door to admit
  a group of waiters carrying trays of lobster, crab, oysters, and other delicacies.
  The waiters quickly departed leaving only a young girl to tend the bar. Doctor
  Freedman recognized her as one of Rhonda's Amazons.  
 "Damn you to hell, Sidney. I need another drink," said Amanda.  
 "Brother Markham, Amanda requires another of your delicious pomegranate
  martinis."  
 "Coming right up, Doctor Freedman, " said Brother Markham.  
 Amanda recalled how next morning the eight women had sworn a solemn pact
  to never speak of what happened that night. While none of their memories were
  clear about everything that occurred, there was no doubt that their behavior
  had gotten out of hand to a degree that none would have thought possible.  
 On screen, the women were consuming plates of the food. The newly arrived
  bartenderess was delivering more cocktails and pouring wine. Doctor Freedman
  could tell from the careless way the women were eating and acting that the
  drugs were having an effect. Kisses were being freely exchanged between the
  bride and her roommate, Sarah.  
 The suite's door chime rang. Michelle and the bartenderess answered it.
  The room was immediately filled with a dozen exceptionally handsome identically
  dressed young men. Wearing tight fitting tuxedos they were all in their early
  twenties with well tanned muscular bodies. They had arrived in Charleston from
  Los Angeles that afternoon on one of Senator Williams' planes.  
 "Nobody ever admitted they invited the male strippers," said Amanda.  
 "I took care of it personally. I thought they'd liven up your party," said
  Doctor Freedman. That was a lie of course. Someone on Senator Williams's staff
  had carefully selected the twelve dancers. Personality, appearance, and cock
  size were the criteria. They also had to be able to dance.  
 The large speakers around the room sounded a pounding beat as the men began
  to dance for the women. The women shrieked and laughed as the men danced suggestively
  toward them thrusting their bulging crotches toward them. All of a sudden,
  as if on command, the men removed their tuxedos leaving them clad only in a
  black Speedo.  
 The bride's mother was the first to loose control. Fifty-five year old Margaret
  Davis, wife of a prominent heart surgeon rose to her unsteady feet. She yanked
  her cream-colored silk blouse out of the waistband of her Chanel skirt and
  started to unbutton her blouse as she danced with two young men less than half
  her age. As the other women shouted encouragement, Margaret removed her blouse
  twirled it over her head a few times then threw it across the room. Underneath
  was a beige sheer brassiere that plainly revealed her large dark nipples. She
  and her partners danced wildly in the center of the room.  
 "My God, look at Traci," whispered Amanda her eyes intent on the screen.
  Fourteen-year-old Traci, Amanda and Wesley's youngest child was kneeling in
  front of one of the dancers. Her hands had a firm hold on the waistband of
  his Speedo. She had just lowered the garment to allow the dancer's oversized
  cock to spring free. Traci's mouth had taken in his cock and was busily performing
  oral sex. The aggressive way she was licking and sucking his penis gave every
  indication that this was not Traci's first blowjob.  
 "A talented young lady like her mother," commented Doctor Freedman.  
 Mrs. Davis was being sandwiched between two dancers. She said something
  to the dancer behind her. He responded by unhooking her brassiere. Her large
  sagging breasts came free. Once again she twirled the garment around her head
  before it sailed off across the room. Loud hoots and shouts were heard from
  the other women.  
 Amanda watched herself for a moment. She was standing near Margaret. Two
  men were dancing around her. Amanda's mouth dropped open when she saw her onscreen
  self raise her skirt and step out of her thong. She kept her stylishly short
  skirt raised as she bent slightly over offering her naked rear to a dancer.  
 Margaret cupped her breasts and raised them offering them to the young men.
  Each began to suck a nipple as they removed her skirt and remaining underwear.
  The eight women were all in various states of undress. They were dancing wildly
  with the men who for the most part were already naked.  
 I don't remember it as that bad thought Amanda watching the screen. But
  then again, I don't remember much about what happened.  
 The screen focused on each of the eight in turn. Cathy Davis was on the
  couch straddling a dancer ridding up and down on his cock while another dancer
  was standing up on the couch his cock thrusting in an out of Cathy's mouth.  
 Cathy is so beautiful and attractive thought Amanda. I hope my Kevin realizes
  what a lucky man he is to have her.  
 The wall size screen kept changing back and forth between various split
  screen configurations.  
 "Do you think the bride and her mother fuck alike?" asked Doctor Freedman
  when the screen was half Cathy Davis being fucked missionary style and the
  other was Margaret Davis in the same position.  
 "Margaret Davis is a pig," was Amanda's only comment.  
 For the next half hour, the screen displayed all eight of the women having
  oral, vaginal, and even anal intercourse in any number of positions. Amanda
  had been horrified and shocked at the eagerness and experience displayed by
  her daughters.  
 The final part of that sequence involved a series of eight complex screen
  shots where each female was depicted in multiple frames. The first was one
  the bride's elder sister. In the center of the screen was an oval. It showed
  Sarah, her face covered in semen. She was using one finger to slowly push cum
  into her mouth. A look of obvious delight covered her visage as she enjoyed
  the semen. On the same screen, was a frame of Sarah bent double on her back
  with a large cock slamming into her pussy. Another frame showed Sarah kneeling
  between two dancers jerking one's cock while sucking the other. There was a
  frame of Sarah on her knees and elbows being fucked anally. Each time, the
  dancer withdrew his large cock; he spit into her still open asshole.  
 Amanda's breath quickened when her turn came. The center oval showed her
  being fucked in all three holes.  
 "What's it like having that much dick in you?" asked Doctor Freedman matter
  of factly.  
 "I don't remember," was Amanda's truthful reply.  
 "Good, we are coming to the girl on girl part," said Doctor Freedman noting
  that he would have to complement Michelle on her performance .The little slut
  stayed focused realized Doctor Freedman. Normally, she has the attention span
  of a gnat especially if there is cock around she can stuff in her pussy. But
  there she is, helping pass out water and booze to the others.  
 On screen the dancers were relaxing and enjoying the food. Margaret Davis
  and her two daughters were busily having oral sex with one another. Amanda's
  watched as on screen in another frame, she had buried her face in Traci's sex.
  Michelle was sucking her mother's pussy. The bartenderess had shed her uniform.
  She and the bride's two roommates had formed a daisy chain. Once again, split
  screen techniques highlighted various participants engaged in oral sex with
  one another.  
 "You know incest is one of society's remaining taboos. And there was certainly
  plenty of that, sister with sister, mother with daughters," commented Doctor
  Freedman.  
 The final scene was of the eight women scattered about the room passed out
  on the floor.  
 "One hell of a party, more like a Roman orgy. I suspect the citizenry of
  South Caroline will be properly outraged when they have opportunity to witness
  the perversions practiced by their state's leading lady," said Doctor Freedman.  
 "How much?"  
 "I don't understand your meaning, Amanda," said Doctor Freedman.  
 "Don't play games with me, Sidney. How much do you want for this fucking
  video?" screamed Amanda?  
 "If we are talking money, I don't need any of that. Can't you tell from
  looking around that this poor old nigger has joined the moneyed class?"  
 "What do you want then?"  
 "Stand up and take your clothes off, Amanda."  
 "No way, anything but that," said Amanda.  
 "Show our other video, Brother Markham. Amanda needs more information to
  make an informed decision."  
 The large screen once again flickered and the scene was a nicely furnished
  living room.  
 Amanda immediately recognized the place where the film was shot. It was
  Kevin and Cathy's condo.  
 The doorbell rang. Cathy dressed casually came out of the kitchen wiping
  her hands on a dishtowel. Moments later, Amanda stepped into the room. She
  was wearing a different shade of the same Missoni running suit.  
 The two women embraced and kissed. There was real passion in the way they
  held each other.  
 "I missed you. Are you sure Kevin won't be back tonight?' asked Amanda once
  she and Cathy had embraced.  
 "He just called. He's snowed in at Reagan. No planes until tomorrow noon
  if they're lucky."  
 "Good, we can relax," said Amanda.  
 "I'll open a bottle of Fume Blanc. I got your favorite," said Cathy taking
  Amanda's hand to lead her toward the kitchen.  
 The scene cut to the small kitchen. The women were drinking wine.  
 "To us," said Amanda raising her glass.  
 "To the woman I love," responded Cathy.  
 The two women embraced again. They stood holding each other and kissing.  
 "Did having a lesbian affair with your daughter-in-law not strike you as
  odd? What would Kevin think if he found out his mother and wife were munching
  each other's rugs?" said Doctor Freedman.  
 "It would destroy him. He's crazy about Cathy," said Amanda with more than
  a touch of resignation in her voice.  
 The screen changed to the bedroom. Both women were now naked lying side
  by side on the bed.  
 "Although we have over ten hours of the two of you together, we decided
  to compact it into five minutes. It's kind of like one of those time lapse
  nature films," said Doctor Freedman as the screen went into fast motion.  
 Amanda was numbed by the succession of images of her and Cathy. They ate
  each other then grappled together in a passionate sixty-nine finally screaming
  their climax. They shared a double-ended dildo. Later they played with toys
  in Cathy's oversized tub plunging dildos and vibrators into each other's vaginas
  and rectums as they performed orally. In one scene, Amanda is thrusting a large
  strap on cock into a moaning Cathy.  
 "You two are definitely hot together," said Doctor Freedman as the film
  ended. "The chemistry comes across the screen. That's rare"  
 I can't allow him to destroy Cathy's life decided Amanda. I love her too
  much for that.  
 "I'll do it. I have no choice," said Amanda standing up and pulling her
  tank top over her head. Amanda didn't hesitate as she grabbed the bottom of
  the sports bra.  
 "You still got a fine pair of boobies, Amanda," said Doctor Freedman as
  Amanda's breasts were exposed.  
 Amanda ignored the remark as she kicked off her cross trainers then pushed
  her pants down.  
 "Amanda Collins, down to her panty and socks, never thought I'd see this
  day," said Doctor Freedman.  
 "Please, this is hard for me," said Amanda.  
 "No harder than when I was at SC and I made the mistake of asking the prettiest
  girl on campus for a date. She laughed at me. Called me a coon. Told all her
  redneck friends how some uppity nigger asked her out."  
 "I'm sorry about that," said Amanda hooking her thumbs in the waistband
  of her panty and pushing them down.  
 "I'm sure you are at the moment. Show me your pussy," said Doctor Freedman.  
 "What?"  
 "Spread your legs. Grab your pussy lips and pull them apart. I want to see
  your private parts," said Doctor Freedman.  
 "There," said Amanda complying with the Doctor's request.  
 "Nice and smooth, bet you get a wax job every week or two even though it
  hurts like hell."  
 "It does hurt but I do it anyway," said Amanda holding her sex apart.  
 "Finger your clit with one hand. Finger fuck your pussy with the other," said
  Doctor Freedman.  
 "Can't you just fuck me and get it over with? Why do you have to humiliate
  me?" said Amanda her eyes filling with tears.  
 "I'm not in a hurry. Your humiliation has to do with revenge that according
  to the sages is best when time has passed and circumstances have grown cold.
  You getting wet?"  
 "A little."  
 "Just keep at it until you're sloppy."  
 "Is that good enough?" asked Amanda minutes later. She was holding up two
  fingers covered in her own lubricants.  
 "Excellent, good to know you haven't dried up. Now turn around. I want to
  see your rear."  
 Amanda slowly turned around.  
 "Move a little closer then bend over and spread your cheeks. Show me the
  old brown eye."  
 Tears had started to stream down Amanda's face. A soft sob came out of her
  throat as she bent at the waist. She backed up slowly to the seated Sidney
  Freedman. She exhaled loudly when she felt his finger touch her sphincter.
  The finger moved to her pussy then back to her sphincter. Amanda gasped when
  she felt the moistened finger push slowly into her asshole. The finger began
  to slowly move back and forth.  
 "Let's finalize our arrangement while I finger fuck your asshole. Is that
  acceptable to you?"  
 "Yes," sobbed Amanda wishing she were dead. The shame and degradation associated
  with having a black man inserting his finger in her rectum was almost more
  than she could bear.  
 "Here is the complete program, Amanda, as authorized by my boss, a woman
  of impeccable integrity. You will on occasion visit me for the next three months.
  I will see that you are entertained sexually during each visit. At times, I
  will ask you to find out certain things about your husband's plans for the
  upcoming election. You will devote all your energy and skill in providing the
  information we seek. If at the end of three months, your dedication has pleased
  my superior, all video of you and the others will be returned or destroyed.
  You will be free."  
 "How do I know you won't give it to the media?"  
 "That's a fair question. You still have a nice tight ass, by the way. You
  are going to have to trust the word of Senator Candice Williams."  
 "My God, you did this for Senator Williams?"  
 "Yes, And for that matter, you don't have a choice but I have been told
  to assure you that the Senator always keeps her word."  
 "All right, in three months I get to destroy all the video," said Amanda.  
 "Good, we have an arrangement," said Doctor Freedman taking his finger out
  of Amanda's asshole.  
 "How do you want me to start?" asked Amanda turning around expecting to
  have sex with Doctor Freedman.  
 "Start what?"  
 "I'll suck your cock then you fuck me," said Amanda.  
 "Oh I'm sorry Amanda but I've moved beyond sex with middle aged women even
  if they are white. I prefer the younger stuff, your daughter's age. But Brother
  Markham has arranged something special for you this afternoon. I'm sure you'll
  find it quite exotic."  
 "We're not going to have sex," said a disbelieving Amanda.  
 "Maybe ten years ago, I would have been interested but not today. You just
  run along with Brother Markham and he's see that you get what's coming to you."  
 "Please Sidney, what are you going to do to me? I said I'd do what you wanted," said
  Amanda breaking into tears.  
 "Tell Amanda what's waiting for her downstairs, Brother Markham," said Doctor
  Freedman.  
 "Twenty four foreign students currently attending the University of South
  Carolina under the sponsorship of the Doctor Freedman's foundation have agreed
  to participate in your gang bang. These young men are for the most part from
  Equatorial Guinea, Cameroon, Congo, and Rwanda," said Brother Markham.  
 "I think you will find them to be excellent specimens of the Negro race.
  Unlike black folks you find in this country, these are almost one hundred percent
  pure Negro," added Doctor Freedman.  
 "I can't have sex with twenty four men. That's impossible," said a terrified
  Amanda.  
 "You underestimate yourself. Besides your daughter, Michelle, will be helping
  you out. She'll be acting as your fluffer," said Doctor Freedman.  
 "Michelle is here?"  
 "Yes, she's been part of my team for quite a while. Very smart young lady,
  we think the world of her. Now just go with Brother Markham and he'll introduce
  you to the gang."  
 Totally defeated, Amanda followed Brother Markham out of the room. Doctor
  Freedman noticed that she made no attempt to dress or even take her clothes.  
****  
 "You told them not to hurt her," asked Doctor Freedman when Brother Markham
  returned.  
 "Yes, Doctor Freedman, their instructions are to fuck her in every hole
  but not to harm her in any way."  
 "Good."  
 "May I say you seem to have a soft spot for Mrs. Morrison."  
 "True, she was somebody special to me at one time. Bring up downstairs on
  the big screen. I want to watch."  
 Brother Markham walked quickly to the workstation. Using the mouse and keyboard,
  he filled the large screen with a view of Amanda sitting straddle of a very
  black young man. Her vagina was filled with his cock. A second young man was
  crouched over her driving his cock up her ass. Her loud grunts were muffled
  by the presence of a third cock in her mouth.  
 "Nice contrast?" said Doctor Freedman.  
 "Pardon, Doctor?"  
 "Her white skin makes a nice contrast with the boys fucking her. She's so
  fair and they're black as coal. Where's Traci?"  
 "In the recreation room, playing games on the X-box."  
 "Ask her to come in."  
****  
 "Are you going to fuck me now?" asked Traci entering the room. She pulled
  her white tee shirt over her head as she walked toward the Doctor. By the time
  she reached him she had removed her bra. She tossed the garments on the end
  of the couch as she gave her nipples a pinch.  
 "I sure am, sweetheart," said Doctor Freedman leaning forward to hug Traci
  then kissing each of her small breasts.  
 "Is that Momma and Michelle?" asked Traci looking at the screen as she lifted
  her school uniform skirt and pushed her panty down.  
 "Yes, your Momma are downstairs entertaining some exchange students from
  Africa," said Doctor Freedman.  
 "That looks like fun. I want to do that too."  
 "You will some day soon. But first I thought you wanted to have my baby," said
  Doctor Freedman unbuckling his pants and sliding them down to his knees.  
 "Oh yes, let's make a baby," said Traci climbing up on the Doctor's lap.
  She took hold of his cock and guided it into her fourteen-year-old pussy.  
Chapter 77 &ndash; Duck Hunting  
Please take note! Adults Only Literature  
The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written
  for adults only.  
If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing
  this file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
  now.  
This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
  is purely coincidental, etc.  
Email HarryBerg01@aol.com with your comments.  
Copyright 2004  
 ****   
 "Think the Senator will be all right, Dad?" asked Kevin as the two men climbed
  into the duck blind.  
 "Yeah, Son, the Yankee bitch will be fine and if she isn't that's her problem," said
  Governor Kyle Morrison as he flipped open a small flask of whisky and took
  a swallow. "Have a pop. Keep the chill off," asked the Governor offering the
  flask to his son.  
 "It's a little early for me," said Kevin looking around. It was still dark.
  Dawn was slowly breaking on the horizon. The Governor, his only son Kevin,
  and Senator Candace Williams were in a private hunting preserve on a duck hunt.
  The Senator was in a blind by herself on the other side of the small island.
  Father and son had decided to share a blind. The Governor had whispered privately
  to Kevin he had some things to discuss with his son.  
 "Go ahead, don't embarrass your old dad. Make him feel like he's a drunk," said
  the Governor offering the flask again.  
 "All right, but just one," said Kevin. "She said she'd never been duck hunting."  
 "I know. The only reason the stupid cunt is here is that I told her that
  if she got more birds than me, I'd back her for President," said the Governor.  
 "That's not likely since she's never hunted before," said Kevin. "I'm more
  worried that she'll blow her own head off or something like that."  
 "Won't be no great loss to the republic if she did," said the Governor. "Great
  looking piece of ass though."  
 "She's a beautiful woman and she doesn't look her age. There's something
  rather compelling about her. It's like she can see right through you," said
  Kevin.  
 "She's a pisser all right. But nothing that a prolonged session sucking
  on my Johnson wouldn't improve. Wonder if she would report a rape?"  
 "Think she can win here in South Carolina? The rednecks in the rural counties
  are wacko over the idea of a woman President, especially one from the North," said
  Kevin.  
 "Rednecks ain't got the votes they used to have. The blacks and the Latinos
  think she's hot shit and the women back her. There's more women voters in this
  state than men."  
 "Cathy thinks she is the greatest thing since sliced bread. The Senator's
  got her vote. Whose Mom voting for?" asked Kevin?  
 "Senator Williams if she bothers to vote. How's married life?"  
 "Okay I guess," said Kevin.  
 "Not exactly a ringing endorsement for a young man married a little over
  a month. You still got that piece of dark meat stashed away?" asked the Governor
  referring to his son's secret black girl friend.  
 "Yolanda, you know about Yolanda?" said a startled Kevin. For the last two
  years, Kevin had been in a clandestine relationship with a black girl he met
  in college.  
 "Course I do, Son. I have to protect the family. How is she in the sack?
  Wouldn't want to share her with your old dad?"  
 "It's not that way with Yolanda. We really care for each other," said Kevin.  
 "So why did you marry the ice princess?"  
 "You know why."  
 "Yes I do. Marrying a black girl would not be a smart move here in a Redneck
  state but marrying a white girl from a rich and prominent family with connections
  to all the right folks is a smart move."  
 "Cathy and I get along all right," said Kevin defensively. Actually they
  saw each other as infrequently as possible.  
 "But when you want to empty your gun, you drive over to 19B in Spanish Moss
  Estates," said the Governor.  
 "You do know a lot."  
 "That's why I'm the Governor. But you got the right idea. Have a pretty
  blonde show wife for the media to gawk at and a hot black girl for fun. I should
  have done that. I was a fool to marry your mother especially since she's turned
  into a world class slut," said the Governor unconsciously reaching down to
  rub the bruised place on his forearm.  
 The night before they had a terrible argument. He'd slapped Amanda several
  times. She'd run out of their bedroom crying only to return a few minutes later
  with one of Kevin's old Little League bats. She'd almost broken his arm then
  she had him in the kidneys so hard he almost passed out. He'd wound up on his
  knees begging her not to hit him again.  
 "If you ever touch me again so much as a hair on my head, I'll castrate
  you and stuff your dick down your throat," were Amanda's parting words.  
 "Mom's all right," said Kevin defensively.  
 "I hate to being this up but I'm considering a divorce. Your Mother is no
  longer the woman I married."  
 "What are you talking about, Dad? I know you two have had your differences
  but you've stayed together twenty six years."  
 "Last night, we had a violent argument about these. When I confronted her,
  your mother threatened me with a baseball bat," said the Governor handing his
  son a packet of pictures that he pulled out of the pocket of his hunting jacket.  
 There was a long silence as Kevin stared at the pictures of his mother and
  a powerfully built younger man having sex. Kevin gasped at the pictures of
  his Mother kneeling down before the man sucking his cock and others of them
  in different positions having sexual intercourse.  
 "My God," said Kevin allowing the pictures to drop to the floor.  
 "That was her personal trainer, Joshua Baker. They've been together three
  times a week for the last six months that is until about a month ago. Obviously
  Josh has been exercising muscles she hasn't been using with me for quite a
  few years."  
 "What did Mom say when you showed her these?"  
 "She just laughed and told me what a great fuck he was. She didn't spare
  the details either. How long he could keep it up and how quickly he could recover
  for another screw. Seems young Joshua made her feel like a woman again. She
  also told me she'd moved on. Joshua was no longer in the picture. She has a
  new playmate, a woman."  
 "Mom, a lesbian?"  
 "Yes, I know it's against everything we were raised to believe in. According
  to the Bible, there is no worse sin for a woman to lie with a woman or a man
  with a man," said the Governor.  
 "How did you get these?" asked Kevin referring to the pictures.  
 "Joshua took them with a concealed camera sort of an insurance policy. He
  called me three weeks ago. He'd decided to go to Hollywood and see if he can
  make in the movies. I had to pay $50,000 to keep those from winding up in the
  media," said the Governor failing to mention that after the transaction, Colonel
  Mercer and two of his subordinates detained Josh. After retrieving the Governor's
  $50,000 they took the young man to an abandoned horse barn for as Colonel Mercer's
  referred to it, re-education. The three burly patrolmen had anally raped the
  youth then beat the young man senseless. They'd used iron bars to break his
  legs and arms. "Say goodbye to your balls," said Colonel Mercer as he raised
  a hammer over Joshua testicles. Joshua Baker was currently in a rehabilitation
  facility trying to learn to walk again.  
 "Mom with another woman, I can't believe it," said Kyle.  
 "It's your wife," said the Governor. "That make it more real?"  
 "Huh, Cathy, no way," said a disbelieving Kevin.  
 "Yes, Cathy, apparently Amanda melted the ice queen's heart during your
  wedding preparations. After the business with Mr. Baker, I had Colonel Mercer
  put a tail on her. She's been visiting Cathy regularly. They even spent the
  night together when you were trapped in DC by that snow storm."  
 "This is a lot to process, Dad."  
 "Did you have any idea that your mother and wife were munching rug?"  
 "No, of course not."  
 "You wouldn't lie to me, son," said the Governor standing up.  
 "No, of course I didn't know."  
 "And you wouldn't have any idea why your Mother met up with four women in
  the parking lot of her health club who took her to that charlatan's Doctor
  Sidney Freedman place where she spent the afternoon."  
 "No, that doesn't make sense. You know how Mom feels about black people,
  especially Sidney Freedman," said Kevin. "She once told me she went to college
  with Doctor Freedman and he asked her out on a date. She laughed in his face
  and told him she didn't date coons. Mom hates and despises blacks. That's why
  I never mentioned Yolanda around her."  
 "She spent almost five hours with that coon as she called him. The man that
  was following her couldn't get on the estate. Freedman's got quite a place
  high walls and lots of guards."  
 "I had no idea," said Kevin his head in his hands.  
 "You better not be lying to me, Son," said the Governor pulling Kevin to
  his feet by the lapels of his hunting jacket.  
 "Let go of me, Dad. I'm not a kid anymore," said Kevin grabbing his father's
  hands and pushing him away.  
 "There's one more piece to the puzzle."  
 "I'm listening."  
 "Michelle and Traci were also at Freedman's. They must have arrived earlier," said
  the Governor. "The three of them left together. They climbed into an armored
  limousine driven by a couple of women. The limo was registered to the Committee
  to Elect Candice Williams President."  
 "What the fuck?"  
 "Yeah, what the fuck is right? Colonel Mercer's been nosing around trying
  to find out more. It appears that our nigger preacher Freedman is working his
  ass off to get Senator Williams elected. His entire organization is going 24/7
  to get out the black vote. Every Afro-American church and community activist
  in the state has been enlisted to register blacks and get them to the polls
  come Election Day," said the Governor.  
 "Why would Mom, Michelle, and Traci be involved with Freedman? I can't believe
  what you said about Mom and Cathy. None of this makes any sense," said Kevin.  
 "I agree with you about your Mom not being partial to people of color but
  that sister of yours, she'll fuck anybody even her brother," said the Governor
  taking another sip of his flask. The Governor was obviously enjoying his son's
  mental anguish.  
 "That was a long time ago, Dad. We've already talked about that and I agreed
  never to touch Michelle again. Besides, I was just a kid and so was Michelle."  
 "Michelle was thirteen when you two started playing hide the salami. Of
  course, even at thirteen, out little Michelle wasn't a virgin so you can't
  claim her cherry. That honor belongs to my brother. Wesley."  
 "She said Aunt Cora got her drunk," said Kevin.  
 "Cora fulfills the dual roles of wife and procuress. Aunt Cora got Michelle
  boozed up at the lake so her husband could screw her. That prick Wesley took
  her right on the wooden dock under a cloudless sky. He said she was tight at
  the start but she loosened up pretty quick. He had the nerve to tell me how
  tough her cherry was. His pecker was sore for a week."  
 "Michelle told me about it," said Kevin.  
 "Brother and sister pillow talk," said the Governor.  
 "That's all over now."  
 "Liar, liar, pants on fire. I happen to know that you and Michelle got together
  at your wedding. You're quite the swordsman, Son. You were slamming it to her
  so hard I though you were going to drive her head through the wall."  
 "I was drunk."  
 "Totally shit faced, handicapped bathrooms are a great place for a hidden
  camera. You learn so much. Such as the fact that my sweet little Traci doesn't
  mind taking it in both ends from her cousins or that your mother-in-law Margaret
  Davis, leader of Charleston's society, isn't above paying a Puerto Rican bus
  boy a $100 for an ass fuck."  
 "What are we going to do?"  
 "Let's keep our cool until we figure what this is all about. You might arrange
  a tryst with Michelle and see if she'll tell you anything. That is when she
  doesn't have your cock in her mouth."  
 "What about Senator Williams?"  
 "I'm resisting the urge to work over her way, strip her, fuck her and beat
  the truth out of her," said the Governor.  
 "What the hell!" said Kevin as a fusillade of shots was heard from the other
  side of the island?  
 "Dumb cunt is wasting ammunition. Where did the dogs get to?" asked the
  Governor referring to the three champion retrievers brought to retrieve the
  kill from the surrounding water.  
 "They ran off in her direction when they heard the shots."  
 "Waste of time, ain't going to be nothing to retrieve," said the Governor.  
 "She must be able to reload like lightening," said Kevin noting the rapidity
  sequence of blasts.  
 "Another drink?' said the Governor offering the flask.  
 "Why not," responded Kevin?  
 The two sat in silence as they listened to the repeated volleys of shotgun
  blasts. They passed the flask back and forth.  
 "Always prepared," said the Governor drawing another flask out of his pocket
  when Kevin finished the first. Both men were becoming inebriated.  
 "You know she couldn't say anything if we did rape her," said Kevin.  
 "It would ruin any chance she might have of becoming President. You thinking
  what I'm thinking?" said the Governor.  
 "Like you said. Strip her, slap her around until she tells us what she's
  up to, and then we fuck her," said Kevin his feelings of anger boiling to the
  surface.  
 "Something to tell your grandchildren about. I put the meat to the future
  President of the United States. Dibs on her asshole," said the Governor rising
  unsteadily to his feet.  
 The two left the blind and on unsteady legs staggered toward the other side
  of the small island.  
 The Governor almost slipped when he climbed the few steps to reach the door
  of Senator Williams' duck blind. He would have except that Kevin put his hands
  on his back to steady him. When Kevin looked down he say that the steps were
  covered in blood.  
 A blast of heat struck the Governor's face as he entered. The room was brightly
  illuminated. "Jesus Christ!" he exclaimed at the scene that greeted him.  
 "No, not Christ, Lucifer" said a calm female voice. "Take your clothes off."  
 "What is it, Dad," said Kevin? Kevin was behind the Governor the scene hidden
  by his father's broad back. The heat was almost unbearable. It was hard to
  breathe. The air was filled with the smell of gunpowder.  
 The floor was moving. It was covered with dead and dying waterfowl. Wounded
  ducks were fluttering their wings spraying blood. Blood splatters stained the
  walls.  
 Kevin looked down at Senator Williams. She was naked with her legs spread
  and her feet firmly planted on the wooden floor. Her skin and blonde hair were
  streaked with duck blood. Brandy, a Labrador retriever bitch was between her
  legs licking her sex. Max, a male Labrador had mounted Brandy. He was driving
  his cock into her. Kipper, an older animal was lying quietly on the floor licking
  his cock.  
 This is insane thought Kevin as he removed his coat then grabbed his hunting
  shirt. He ripped it open sending buttons across the room.  
 "Show Kipper some love, Governor," said Candace.  
 Kevin watched in total shock as his father clad only in his hunting boots
  fell to the floor and took the Lab's cock in his mouth.  
 "Can you taste my pussy on his cock?" asked Candace. "He loves to fuck women."  
 "Yes, it's delicious," said the Governor looking up his mouth glistening
  with fluids.  
 "Put your cock in my mouth, Kevin," said Candace gesturing for Kevin to
  come closer.  
 I'm naked realized Kevin. I don't remember taking my clothes off. God it
  is so hot in here and all this blood. Why is there so much blood? Kevin looked
  over his shoulder at his father performing orally on Kipper. As he straddled
  Candace bringing his cock to her lips, a long inhuman serpents tongue appeared
  wrapping itself around his member and drawing it inside.  
 This isn't happening screamed a part of Kevin's brain. No, it just cannot
  be. Kevin felt a wet finger part his butt cheeks. When he looked down, he saw
  Candace's blood stained hand was in the crack of his ass. He grunted as her
  finger forced its way past his anus.  
 Events lost continuity. Reality became a kaleidoscope of depraved sexual
  acts. Later, Kevin would recall being on all fours. His father's cock was in
  his mouth. He felt a stabbing pain in his rectum. Max was mounted on him driving
  his canine cock up his ass. Candace was underneath him sucking his cock. Positions
  changed. He was mounted on Candace while his father penetrated his rear. At
  another time, he penetrated his father's ass and later Candace's ass. With
  disgust, he recalled sucking the dog's cocks and shoving his own prick in Brandy's
  vagina. It was depraved, perverted and totally unequalled pleasure as he unhesitatingly
  responded to Candace's spoken and unspoken commands.  
 It was afternoon when Kevin woke up. The room was still and dark. It had
  grown cold. His father was nearby asleep snoring loudly curled up with all
  thee dogs. Candace was gone. The dead waterfowl were missing. Kevin and his
  father were covered in dried blood.  
 It took Kevin sometime to rouse his father. He used lake water to wash the
  blood from their faces.  
 "Are you all right, Dad?" asked Kevin helping his father to dress.  
 "Never better," said the Governor. "I could use a drink."  
 "What happened with the Senator, the dogs, the ducks?"  
 "Beats me, son, she's gone now. She must have taken her kill with her."  
 "Don't you remember what we did? It was awful."  
 "Yeah, a little, and that little makes me want to forget the rest."  
Chapter 78 &ndash; Highway Patrol Visit  
Please take note! Adults Only Literature  
The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written
  for adults only.  
If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing
  this file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
  now.  
This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
  is purely coincidental, etc.  
Email HarryBerg01@aol.com with your comments.  
Copyright 2005  
 ****   
   "We can talk here without being interrupted," said
  Anna Estelle holding the door open for Celeste Pearson to enter their hotel
  suite.  
 "Too many prying eyes in that coffee shop," added Hoover McNally. "Plus
  we can have a drink and relax."  
 "Excellent idea, Hoover, I've got a terrific chardonnay in the fridge. It's
  from the Senator's vineyard in Sonoma. Care for a glass, Celeste?" asked Anna
  Estelle.  
 "That would be terrific," said Celeste. "It will help me to relax. I had
  quite a night."  
 "Here, let me take your coat," said Hoover to Celeste as Anna Estelle headed
  to the kitchen. Hoover purposefully allowed his forearm to brush across Celeste's
  breasts as he helped her out of the coat. "Sorry," said Hoover conscious of
  the soft mound of flesh pressed against his arm. He felt gratified when Celeste
  smiled warmly at his remark.  
 I can't wait to get my mouth on her knockers mused Hoover. She shouldn't
  be any problem. She owes us big time and she knows it. Plus I can tell she's
  the kind of woman who likes sex, especially the group kind.  
 "Have a seat, Celeste," said Hoover.  
 Celeste sat down in the center of the large couch. She relaxed back in the
  deep cushions allowing her skirt to ride considerably up her thigh. Celeste
  took a look around at the large well-appointed hotel suite.  
 Senator Williams' staff lives well decided Celeste. Thank God she's taking
  care of me. The credit card companies have quit calling. They were driving
  me insane. I couldn't have stood it a daylonger. With the cash they gave me,
  I've paid all our regular monthly bills, and got current on the condo mortgage
  and our car leases. Anna Estelle is so beautiful and sexy. I've got a feeling
  that the big bulge in Hoover's crotch is for real. I liked it when he rubbed
  his arm across my boobs. This could be a very interesting afternoon.  
 In the kitchen, Anna Estelle was filling an eyedropper with Liquid Ecstasy.  
 "That should be enough to get her in the mood thought Anna Estelle as she
  squeezed the black rubber bulb squirting the clear liquid into the wine glass.
  Anna Estelle swirled the glass to mix the contents. Oh hell, I could use some
  X myself and so could Hoover decided Anna Estelle as she added smaller amounts
  of Liquid Ecstasy to the other two glasses.  
 "Just give us the blow by blow with all the details," said Anna Estelle
  as soon as the three were seated. Following Celeste's example, Anna Estelle
  skirt was slightly above the lace tops of her stay up hose. Anna Estelle kicked
  off her shoes and encouraged Celeste to follow.  
 "The wine is delicious," said Celeste after taking a drink.  
 "Thanks, I'm glad you like it," said Anna Estelle feeling her own warm glow
  from the booze and the dope.  
 "I was an Irish Whisky man until Anna Estelle taught me how to enjoy the
  finer things in life. Where were we?" said Hoover.  
 "It was quite an evening. Colonel Wesley Mercer, Major Adele Simpson, and
  Major Zachary Wallace were waiting for me when I got home from work. They were
  sitting in the parking lot in an unmarked car," said Celeste recalling the
  previous night's events.  
 "Just stopped by for beer and a little pussy," said Wesley grabbing Celeste
  and pulling her to him as soon as the foursome got inside Celeste's condo.
  His large hands covered her buttocks pulling her against his groin as he kissed
  her. Celeste put her arms around the Colonel's bull neck and held him against
  her as she pushed her tongue into his mouth. Slowly. Celeste felt the Colonel
  raising her skirt past the tops of her hose. His hands cupped her bare butt.
  She could feel his hardening cock pressing against her pubic mound.  
 "Where's that faggot husband of yours?" asked Zachary heading toward the
  kitchen.  
 "Still at work," said Celeste pressing her groin against the Colonel's hardon
  as the Colonel's hand slipped under the edge of her boy shorts.  
 "You want it. Don't you bitch?" asked the Colonel grinding his cock against
  her.  
 "You know I do. You made me into a slut, Wesley. I was a decent person until
  you came along."  
 "You and that dick sucker husband were a pair of drug dealing criminals.
  You just getting what you deserve,' said the Colonel ending the embrace. Celeste
  did not bother to push her skirt back down.  
 "I got to piss," said Adele ducking into the bathroom right off the entryway.
  Adele dropped her uniform trousers, pushed her panty down to her ankles and
  began a noisy urination with the door open. Ever since she was a little girl,
  Adele had gotten a thrill from urinating while other's watched.  
 "I was about to bust," announced Adele as she noisily sprayed her pee into
  the commode.  
 "Just make yourself at home," said Celeste listen to the sound of Adele
  making water.  
 "Good, you bought some decent beer, not the cheap shit like last time," said
  Zachary returning from the kitchen with three beers in his hands. He handed
  one to the Colonel then another to Adele still sitting on the commode. Adele
  lifted the brown bottle to her lips and took a long swallow then belched loudly.  
 "That's not very ladylike, Adele,' commented Wesley.  
 Celeste was not sure whether the Colonel was referring to her emptying her
  bladder with the bathroom door open or the obnoxious belch.  
 "I'm not a lady. I'm a highway patrolman," responded Adele taking another
  swallow of her beer then wiping her mouth with the back of her fist. "I'm a
  constipated highway patrolman. I haven't taken a dump in two days."  
 "Reminds me, you ever see that television show about the highway patrol?" asked
  Wesley sitting down on the couch and throwing his feet up on the table. He
  began to unbutton his uniform blouse.  
 "Yeah, the one in California with that greaser asshole that's on television
  now trying to sell land in Florida, Erik something or another, it's a greaser
  name," said Zachary.  
 "Erik Estrada, dumb ass, but I'm talking about the old black and white TV
  show called 'Highway Patrol.' It starred Broderick Crawford as Chief Dan Mathews.
  It was terrific not like the shit you see on TV these days," said Wesley.  
 "Never heard of it, when was it on?" asked Zachary.  
 "In the mid 1950's," said Celeste returning from the kitchen. She decided
  that some form of alcohol would help her deal with what was about to happen.
  She'd downed a quick shot of tequila then poured herself a glass of wine.  
 "Way before my time," said Adele standing up to unroll a fist full of toilet
  paper from the roll.  
 "Mine too," added Zachary walking up to Celeste. "So how does a sweet young
  thing like you know about something on TV that long ago?" Zachary did not give
  Celeste a chance to answer. He pinned her up against the door jam and kissed
  her hard. He used one hand to push her sweater up above her brassiere. Pressing
  his groin hard against Celeste's pubic bone, his hand slipped inside her bra.
  Thumb and forefinger captured her nipple. Zachary squeezed hard.  
 "I lived with my grandparents while my parents worked for an oil company
  in Saudi Arabia. My grandfather was a fan of Broderick Crawford. He had all
  his movies on tape. He had copies of the old Highway Patrol series and we watched
  them together. You are hurting me," said Celeste ending her remarks with a
  whimper as Zachary crushed her nipple.  
 "Let her get naked, Zack. My rug needs a good munch," said Adele stepping
  out of the bathroom holding her trousers and panty in her hands. She carefully
  placed her folded uniform trousers across the back of a chair then began to
  unbutton her blouse. Celeste shivered as she recalled the times she'd spent
  between those stout muscular thighs.  
 "You in the mood to eat Adele's pussy, Ms. Pearson?' asked Zachary continuing
  to torture Celeste's nipple.  
 "Sure, I'm up for it," said Celeste feeling anything was better than standing
  there while Zack crushed her nipple to the width of a sheet of paper.  
 "Zack, let her eat Adele. Maybe a good rug much will loosen up her bowels," said
  Wesley.  
 Zack released Celeste giving her bud a final painful twist. Celeste immediately
  headed for Adele now seated in a cushioned armchair with her legs thrown over
  the arms. Adele was busily rubbing her pussy. Adele had parted her labia exposing
  her clitoris and vagina.  
 "Supper time, Celeste, I'm good and ripe too. You're going to get some Omega-3
  oil and fish protein out my hole," said Adele flicking her clit back and forth
  with her fingers.  
 Celeste wondered why Adele didn't shave or at least trim the large triangle
  of thick curly hair that covered her sex but she had never had the courage
  to ask Eating Adele's cunt had become a once a week activity since her arrest.
  In her most private moment, Celeste acknowledged that being dominated by Adele
  and forced to perform oral sex on her less than hygienic sex turned her on.  
 "Strip, honey," said Adele fingering her clit as Celeste approached. "It's
  getting nice and runny for you."  
 "Wes, did you hear about Adele and the drunken soccer moms? It's a hot one," asked
  Zachary as he undressed.  
 "No, I didn't. What went down, Adele?" asked Wesley standing up to undress.  
 "That's right, Celeste. Suck my clit and finger my hole. There's a special
  treat in there for you, darling. Louis, one of the dispatchers dropped his
  load in there right before we left. Just stick your tongue inside and spoon
  out all that good cream. You eat my pussy while I tell the story to the Colonel," said
  Adele placing her hand on the back of Celeste's head and forcing it hard against
  her pussy. Using Celeste's hair as a handhold, Adele rubbed Celeste's face
  vigorously back and forth across her cunt. Celeste's nostrils filled with the
  smell of fresh urine and old jism while her taste buds detected the acrid flavor
  of dead sperm and piss.  
 "Tell the story, Adele," demanded Wesley now seated naked stroking his cock.  
 "Briggs and Tilton got a 911 report of this minivan weaving down the Interstate.
  When they arrived in the scene, they saw a van with two adult females in front
  and half dozen girls in the back. They had a hell of a time getting them to
  pull over. When they finally did, they discovered the adult women were drunk
  out of their minds. They had been doing tequila shots all afternoon then they
  went to the kid's school and picked up half of the girl's fifth grade soccer
  team. Two of the girls were their daughters."  
 "Good looking bitches too, tight jeans and tank tops with their head lights
  on high beam. But did they have a mouth on them no respect for the law whatsoever.
  One of them was married to that lawyer for Mapes, Wilson, and Babcock," said
  Zachary.  
 "The firm that won that $10million judgment against the department for wrongful
  death of that gang banger," said Wesley. "Biggest crock of shit I ever heard.
  Judge said we were murderers."  
 "Her husband is Larry Prescott, the guy who brought the case on behalf of
  the gang banger's family," said Adele. "Anyway, Briggs and Tilton played it
  real cool. They made them take a blood test so they couldn't claim the Breathalyzer
  was improperly calibrated. They were both three times the legal limit. They
  were ranting and raving about how they were going to sue the department for
  excessive force. So Briggs called in one of his buddies from Channel 4 who
  captured the stupid cunts cursing and threatening our guys. They were slurring
  their words. Anyone could tell that they were totally shit faced."  
 "It'll be in the six o'clock news. Drunken soccer moms endanger the kiddies," said
  Zachary.  
 "You enjoying yourself, Celeste?" asked Adele using Celeste's hair to lift
  her head up.  
 "Yes, it's wonderful," replied Celeste her face glistening with Adele's
  fluids. Celeste had two fingers in Adele's vagina stroking her G-spot as she
  circled her clit with her tongue.  
 "What tasted better, piss, sperm or pussy juice?" asked Adele.  
 "All three are great," said Celeste.  
 "Hear that, I have a diplomat eating my snatch," exclaimed Adele. "You know
  we tend to be good at what we like and it is so obvious that you love to eat
  a dirty, recently fucked twat, darling."  
 "So what else happened?" said Wesley.  
 "One of the stupid cunts, the lawyer's wife, slapped Briggs right there
  while the Channel 4 guy was filming. The other one jumped on Tilton's back
  when he went to help Briggs get the bitch under control. So in addition to
  DUI, child endangerment, we got a iron clad case for resisting arrest and assaulting
  an officer," said Zachary.  
 "Some people got no fucking sense," said Wesley.  
 "I decided to process them into the lockup myself. Kathy and I took the
  two to Block 4," said Adele.  
 "Block 4 where bad things happen to bad people, I hope you made them understand
  that assaulting an officer of the law was unacceptable behavior," said Wesley.  
 "Damn right I did. Block 4 is in the back of the jail, completely soundproof
  and very private. I think of it as a rehabilitation center for the hard cases
  that don't benefit from simple incarceration," said Adele.  
 "You can scream your lungs out back there and no one will hear a peep," said
  Zachary.  
 "We ordered them to strip for a body cavity search. By this time, they're
  starting to sober up a little and realize the gravity of the situation. Still
  they had some spunk left. I'm not going to remove my clothes said the lawyer's
  wife. I know my rights. My husband will take you to court and see that you're
  fired."  
 "Kathy must have gone ballistic," said Wesley.  
 "She slapped the bitch silly then tore her clothes off. The other one got
  the message and took her own clothes off. We made them climb up on the examining
  tables and put their feet in the stirrups then strapped them down."  
 "The concealed cameras got it all on video," said Zachary. "It's fucking
  hot to watch definitely wacking material."  
 "Kathy and I had our usual who-can-go-in-the-deepest contest," said Adele.  
 "Who won?" asked Wesley.  
 "I won in the pussy and Kathy the asshole. She was reaching so far up Prescott's
  wife's asshole; I kept expecting her hand to come out her mouth. Based on the
  way, Laura Prescott was screaming, it must hurt to have a hand deep inside
  your large intestine packing your shit."  
 "Her asshole was still open when Kathy took her arm out," said Zachary. "Celeste,
  you got any porn we can watch while we fuck you?"  
 "DVD's are in the cabinet beside the TV in the bedroom," answered Celeste
  taking her mouth off Adele's cunt for a minute. Zachary left the room for a
  minute.  
 "I should have been a gynecologist. When my hand entered her uterus I first
  felt around for drugs. It took me a while to check and did the bitch scream
  when I took a thorough inventory of her baby making equipment," said Adele.  
 "Where did you lean to make them scream like that? I never heard a woman
  scream so loud," said Zachary returning with a stack of DVD cases.  
 "You forget. I started my career in law enforcement at the women's prison
  in Orangeburg. That's where I learned to rearrange the furniture in their baby
  makers. If an inmate gave a guard a hard time, they sent her to me for a cavity
  search. I learned the proper technique from an older matron who was about to
  retire when I joined the staff. Her name was Myra but everyone called her the
  Womb Doctor. Most of the time, all a guard had to do was threaten an inmate
  with a visit to the Womb Doctor. They'd start to behave real quick."  
 "You sure have seen Adele, Wesley. She's in up to her elbow and the perp's
  screaming her lungs out. Then Adele sticks her other arm in the other's one's
  pussy at the same time. It was like she had two game fish on the hook. They
  were twisting, jerking, and carrying on like mad women."  
 "Once I get inside the uterus, I make a fist and give the floor of the baby
  oven a couple of hard jabs. It must hurt like hell," said Adele. "After Kathy
  and I had determined that their cavities did not contain any contraband, we
  strung them up to an overhead beam and went to work on their obnoxious personas
  with a three feet length of one inch rubber hose that we keep for such occasions.
  Now that resulted in some world class screaming. "  
 "Didn't leave any bruises for the media to film, I hope?" asked Wesley sounding
  concerned.  
 "Nary a one but we were thorough. No soft tissue was missed, tits, belly,
  back of the knees, armpits, places where it hurts the most and shows the least," said
  Adele. "I couldn't resist a few swats right on their snatch. That lit up all
  the lights on their pinball machine. Smashed their clit flatter than a pancake."  
 "Sometimes the old ways are best. My granddaddy was a firm believer in the
  efficacy of a length of rubber hose. It leaves no marks and hurts like nothing
  on this earth. He learned his trade working in Harlan County, Kentucky for
  the Peabody Coal Company as a security guard. They used to catch one of them
  UMW union organizers at least once a week. They'd take the union man out in
  back of the mine and suspend him from a tree limb. Two, sometimes three would
  go at him back and front at the same time. They'd flip a coin to see who would
  get to do his balls. Grandpa said that was the fun part. Picture a man with
  his nuts splayed out on a tree stump waiting for you to flatten them with a
  piece of hard rubber hose. If he passed out after they'd done one of his nuts,
  they throw a bucket of cold water on him so he wouldn't miss seeing his other
  gonad squashed. After they worked on them for a couple of hours they put them
  on the bus back to Pennsylvania never to return to coal country."  
 "Anal Intruders No. 6," said Zachary slipping the DVD into the player then
  sitting down. "Celeste, I'd figure you and George for liking anal."  
 "How'd you finish up with the drunken soccer moms?" asked Wesley.  
 "Made them shower off and put on our classic one piece orange suit for their
  booking pictures. Boy did they look like shit. Luckily Vice had raided that
  two-block area downtown where all the hookers hang out. Settled them down in
  the holding pen with a dozen black street whores. Kathy suggested to the sisters
  that the white bitches were real racists that claimed they were too good to
  ever eat a black pussy. Last I saw, they were lying on the floor naked in the
  back of the cell with a black pussy ridding their face."  
 "By the time, those two got bailed out they were considerably the worse
  for wear. They had been rode hard and put away wet," laughed Zachary.  
 "Great job, Adele, the commonwealth owes you a debt of gratitude," said
  Wesley. "Once things quiet down, Prescott will get the DA to reduce the charges
  to Reckless Driving. She'll pay a fine and that will be the end of it. So justice
  has been served."  
 "Rim me, Celeste. Turn my brown hole pink," said Adele scooting down in
  the chair and raising her legs to give Celeste access to her asshole.  
 As Celeste pressed her mouth against Adele's anus, she felt two hands take
  hold of her flanks. A glance over her shoulder showed Zachary kneeling behind
  her about to work his hard cock into her vagina.  
 "You love it when you take it at both ends. Don't you, Celeste?"  
 "Yes, put your cock in me," replied Celeste widening her stance so Zachary
  could enter her more easily.  
 Celeste felt the couch shift and looked up to see Colonel Mercer standing
  upright with his cock between Adele's pudgy lips. Zachary fingers were two
  knuckles deep in her asshole while he fucked her pussy. Celeste felt the pressure
  as Zachary's fingers pried her anus open. Celeste moaned when she felt Zachary's
  spit land inside her rectum and slide into her guts.  
 Positions kept changing after that. Wesley and Zachary watched while Adele
  and Celeste did a sixty-nine that resulted in both women having a screaming
  orgasm. Celeste wound up on the couch straddling Wesley while Zachary fucked
  her butt. When Zachary pulled out to spit in Celeste's open asshole, Adele
  indulged her desire to suck a cock that had been inside another woman's ass.  
 "I'm an ass to mouth whore," declared Adele taking Zachary's brown streaked
  cock in her mouth.  
 Later, Celeste returned the favor sucking Wesley's cock after he took it
  out of Adele's butt. The repeated butt fucking loosened Adele's bowels. She
  had to take a break for a noisy open door shit.  
 While Adele was emptying her GI tract, Celeste was ridding Zachary in a
  reverse cowboy his cock buried in her ass. She was fingering her clit and chanting, "Fuck
  my ass, motherfucker," when she looked up to see that her husband had arrived
  home.  
Chapter 79 &ndash; Girl Talk  
Please take note! Adults Only Literature  
The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written
  for adults only.  
If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing
  this file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
  now.  
This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
  is purely coincidental, etc.  
Email HarryBerg01@aol.com with your comments.  
Copyright 2005  
 ****   
 "Mom and Daddy would just die if what happened at Dr. Freedman's ever got
  out," said Amanda Morrison softly sobbing as she recounted her recent ordeal
  at Dr. Freedman's mansion. Amanda had planned to tell no one. It was too embarrassing
  but once she and Cathy were together, she was unable to resist the urge to
  describe the horrible things that had befallen her.  
 She and her daughter-in-law, Catherine Davis Morrison, were in bed at the
  Arsenal Hill Governor's Mansion.  
 "Granddaddy and Grandmother Collins are probably spinning in their graves
  over the very idea of a female Collins having sexual intercourse with Negroes," said
  Amanda. "I can just picture them up in heaven looking down at me and shaking
  their heads in shame."  
 "Tell me everything," said Cathy attempting to comfort her older lover.
  The two women were intertwined facing each other exchanging kisses.  
 "I was blackmailed. I had no other choice. He could ruin me. No one in Charlotte
  would speak to me if they knew what I did," said Amanda. "Sidney Freedman has
  taken over control of my life."  
 "You said he had you gang raped and you can't do anything about it," said
  Cathy.  
 "Right, I'm helpless. I have to go back in two weeks for God knows what
  kind of abomination he can think of to humiliate and degrade me."  
 "He blackmailed you into having sex with a group of young men," said Cathy.  
 "Yes, African Americans."  
 "There were twenty five of them?" said Cathy who was curled up in her mother-in-law's
  arms. Cathy was having trouble accepting the idea that Amanda had allowed herself
  to be violated by anyone not of the Caucasian race. Although Cathy did not
  share Amanda's racist attitude, she was well aware of Amanda's feelings about
  other races.  
 "Twenty four, I was told but I didn't count. Most of them had me twice and
  some three times. They were all college age," said Amanda burying her face
  in the crook of Cathy's neck and sobbing loudly. "They used me orally and towards
  the end when my pussy got all sloppy anally. I was so sore the next day I could
  barely walk. The back of my throat was raw from where they held my head back
  and pushed their cocks in my throat. I thought they were going to choke me
  to death. The laughed every time they let me up for air and my saliva drooled
  out onto my tits. They treated me the same savage way they treat their own
  women."  
 Earlier that day Amanda had hosted her monthly luncheon for the Preservation
  Committee composed of wealthy Charleston women who made it their business to
  raise funds for the maintenance and restoration of Arsenal Hall, the Governor's
  Mansion After luncheon was finished and a decision made to purchase an ante
  bellum writing desk that was looted from the mansion during the burning of
  Charleston by the Yankees, Amanda and Cathy had raced upstairs to Amanda's
  bedroom.  
 Between passionate kisses, they had undressed one another as they slowly
  progressed across the room. Their lovemaking had been intense each woman greedy
  for the orgasm they knew the other could provide.  
 Two pair of thong panty was looped over the bedpost of the antique bed that
  dated from the time when Charleston harbor was busy with ships filled with
  bales of cotton destined for the grim factories of England. The Arsenal Hill
  Governor's Mansion was steeped in the tradition of what many considered the
  most Southern of the Southern states.  
 A trail of designer clothes was strewn across the carpet from the bedroom
  door to the bed. A double dildo still gleaming on both ends from female fluids
  rested on the foot of the bed. Having temporarily satiated her lust, Amanda
  began her tale of blackmail and defilement to the astonished Cathy.  
 "Yes, Africans, not even American Negroes, they were foreign exchange students
  studying at SC under some insane scholarship program that Sidney Freedman's
  foundation funds," said Amanda unburdening herself to the one person she cared
  about.  
 "How do you know that," said Cathy reaching to Amanda's breast and gently
  capturing her nipple to roll it back and forth?  
 "Each one made an announcement before he mounted me. Part of their objective
  was to humiliate me. Brother Markham, that's Sidney's assistant, lead me into
  the room naked like I was white trash and told them I was theirs for the next
  five hours."  
 "Five hours, you were fucked for five hours? You poor woman, it's a wonder
  they didn't screw you to death. Announcement, what kind of announcement?"  
 "Jamal Obujongo, I'm a junior at SC, studying textiles. I'm a member of
  the Kikuyu tribe from Kenya. Each one said something like that before the put
  his black cock in me. It was like I was in some horrible National Geographic
  documentary. It would have been funny if it hadn't been so disgusting. I have
  never felt so dispirited. Even that time I passed out at the Sigma Chi house
  in college and Kyle let all his fraternity brothers have me."  
 "Kyle did that and you still married him," said Cathy?  
 "I almost decided not to but that was how I got pregnant with Michelle.
  My parents forced him to marry me."  
 "So Michelle may not be his?"  
 "I consider Michelle's father to be the University of South Carolina's chapter
  of Sigma Chi."  
 "Kyle's a slime ball. That's a terrible thing to say about my father-in-law
  but its' the truth," said Cathy.  
 "It was really my fault. Any girl that gets drunk and passed out a college
  fraternity party deserves what she gets. My best friend, Mimi Roberts, drank
  half a bottle of Jaggermeister at the spring SAE ball. The next day, her panty
  was flapping in the breeze from the SAE flagpole with the names of the fellows
  who had her written on the seat. Poor Mimi was terribly upset. She didn't remember
  a thing about it other than her female parts were scraped raw."  
 "Frat boys are awful. Times haven't changed. Several of my girlfriends wound
  up pulling trains while semi-conscious. How did it happen?" said Cathy.  
 "I was a silly coed and wanted to have a good time. It was the second semester
  of my senior year. I should have known better. I smoked a joint with Kyle then
  drank four Southern Comfort Manhattans. My head started spinning and I told
  Kyle I needed to lie down," said Amanda.  
 "You'll be safe in my room," said Kyle and I believed it like the lovesick
  idiot I was at the time. He took me up to the room that he shared with a fellow
  named Mark Winston from Greenville. Immediately, I saw there was a potential
  problem but I was too blown away to exercise sound judgment. Mark was in bed
  with this girl named Chloe Saunders from Trenton, New Jersey. Her people supposedly
  had a lot of money but Chloe was nothing but Yankee trash. Strange but now
  that I think about it she used to hang around after the basketball games waiting
  for Sidney Freedman. White, black, yellow, Chloe Saunders would screw anything
  with a cock but she preferred black basketball players. Chloe was always bragging
  about how their peckers were bigger than white boys and they lasted longer
  once they were inside her pussy and a black could get it up quicker after they
  dropped their first load."  
 "There are a lot of white women who prefer men of color," said Cathy thinking
  about her own Mother's preference for Hispanics.  
 "But Mark was a white boy and when Kyle and I walked in she was on top of
  him ridding his cock. And she didn't stop or anything when we opened the door
  and walked inside. She was a shameless little whore. She just kept bouncing
  up and down on Mark's cock and chanting obscenities."  
 "So there were already two people making love when you got to Kyle's room
  at the frat house?"  
 "If you call making love, grunting like a pig and screaming, "Mark, fuck
  me harder, motherfucker'. There was nothing ladylike about Chloe Saunders."  
 "Whatever happened to her?" said Cathy?  
 "She moved back up to New Jersey and married a stock broker who works on
  Wall Street. We exchange cards at Christmas. She has the cutest little granddaughter."  
 "So how were you raped? Did Kyle go first?"  
 "Chloe went first. Kyle spun me around unzipped my strapless gown and there
  I was in my pantyhose. He pushed me on the bed and ripped them off leaving
  me buck-naked. If I hadn't been drunk and high, I would have died from embarrassment."  
 "What did Kyle say?" said Cathy.  
 "Let's see some lesbo action, Chloe," announced my fianc&eacute;. "Chloe
  hopped off Mark's cock, pushed me on my back and forced me to do sixty-nine
  with her. Slammed her dripping cunt down on my face and started rooting in
  my sex like a starving hog in a cabbage patch. She was so noisy and aggressive
  about it that I didn't have any choice but to go along. Besides, she was half
  dyke and really knew how to eat pussy. I stuck my mouth on her pussy and returned
  the favor."  
 "Was that your first time with a girl," asked Cathy.  
 "No, but the others were nice southern girls who went to Addison Country
  Day School with me. Kyle and Mark shared a beer ass they watched us. Kyle hauled
  out his cock and started playing with it while he told us how hot he was getting
  watching us. The two of them sat down on the other bed and played with themselves
  while Chloe and I munched each other's rug. They just sat wacking off while
  we ate pussy."  
 "Did Chloe do this," said Cathy sliding down in the bed to lick Amanda's
  pussy.  
 "Not as good as you, darling. I love you so much," said Amanda spreading
  her legs wider to accommodate her daughter-in-law's lust.  
 "Then you passed out?" said Cathy positioning herself between Amanda's legs
  to provide her oral sex. Amanda's tale of fraternity rape had rekindled Cathy's
  lust and she decided to satisfy her desires for oral sex while she listened.  
 "I'm not sure when I ever passed out. As soon as I reached an orgasm, Mark
  and Kyle drug Chloe off me. I had to satisfy them both at once. Chloe was playing
  with my boobs pinching my nipples hurting them while Mark and Kyle pounded
  my mouth and pussy. When they finished, Kyle came up with the idea of a contest.
  Cathy, sweetheart, I love it when you eat my pussy. How about a finger or two
  up my ass?"  
 "And I love to eat your pussy. It's so warm and sweet. You taste better
  than any woman I've ever had. What kind of contest?" said Cathy as she dipped
  her index finger in Amanda's vagina to wet it then pushed the first joint of
  the lubricated digit into Amanda's sphincter. Amanda grunted her satisfaction
  when her rectum was penetrated.  
 "Kyle called it a fuck off. Chloe and I were the competitors. Whoever could
  get the most guys to orgasm inside of two hours won. Later, when the line got
  out the door and down the stairs, they extended it to three hours. Sigma Chi
  had a huge pledge class that year."  
 "Who won," asked Cathy?  
 "I did. You know how horny grass makes me. Kyle's dealer had a mule that
  worked for United Airlines. It was coming in from Hawaii, real Maui-wowie,
  none of that cheap Mexican shit. I went sort of crazy. Chloe was also a cheerleader
  and I guess you could say we were competitors. Kyle told me later that I was
  like a sex machine. I made them lay on their back while I sucked them hard.
  Once they had an erection, I climbed on and rode them until they blew their
  load. I'd grab a tissue and wipe out my snatch while another took their place.
  After three hours, I'd done five more guys than Chloe."  
 "Then you passed out?" said Cathy taking long slow licks of Amanda's pussy.  
 "Yeah, and when I woke up next morning, there was this pimply-faced kid
  fucking me in the ass dog style. That hurt like hell."  
 "Anal hurts at first. Where was Kyle?" said Cathy slowly inserting one end
  of the double dildo in Amanda's vagina.  
 "Yeah, Catherine, fill my hole up. Shove that dildo in me and work my cunt," said
  Amanda adjusting her position.  
 "I'm going to put the other end in your ass. Tell me you want me to ass
  fuck you," said Catherine bending the long double dildo in the middle and pushing
  the faux cock head against Amanda's sphincter.  
 "Yes, darling, please stick that rubber dick in my ass. Please, I need my
  rectum filled," said Amanda straining to push her sphincter against the latex
  cock head.  
 "Tell me where was Kyle while this pledge was packing down your shit," said
  Cathy?  
 "He was lying right there beside me rubbing the pledge's butt and squeezing
  his balls. Kyle's bisexual. When's he's drunk, he likes to suck the occasional
  cock or bury his prick in a boy's ass. When I looked over my shoulder, I saw
  my intended was licking the boy's butthole. As soon as he got him wet enough,
  he mounted the kid. He made this cute little squeaky sound when Kyle filled
  his butthole. I don't think it was the first time that Kyle's dick had been
  in the kid's rear. I was on the bottom getting crushed. The pledge was getting
  a sandwich fuck. When I looked over at the other bed, there was Chloe watching
  us with this big stupid smile on her face. As soon as the pledge dropped his
  load in my rear, Kyle released in the boy's butt."  
 "Sounds totally depraved. So what happened at Doctor Freedman's? How was
  it compared to the other time you pulled a train?" said Cathy.  
 "It was more humiliating. Sidney made me undress and play with myself while
  he and Brother Markham laughed at me. He stuck his fingers in my orifices.
  I thought he was going to fuck me. You know that stupid darkie always had a
  thing for me. He even asked out on a date when we were at SC together," said
  Amanda.  
 "You didn't go," said Cathy using both hands to force the U-shaped dildo
  into Amanda's vagina and rectum.  
 "No, I told him I didn't date coons. He's always hated me for saying that," said
  Amanda.  
 "And now he has power over you," said Cathy recalling that whatever goes
  around comes around.  
 "Enough power to force me to lie down on a wrestling mattress on the floor
  and let all those Africans have me."  
 "And all twenty four were from Africa?" said Cathy her mouth working Amanda's
  clit as she dildo fucked her.  
 "Yes, all over Africa, Zimbabwe, Uganda, Angola, even South Africa, they
  covered the continent," said Amanda. "Sidney said he wanted me violated by
  pure Negroes uncorrupted by Caucasian or American Indian blood."  
 "You poor thing, it must have been horrible for you," said Cathy before
  taking Amanda's labia in her mouth and gently pulling and twisting it.  
 "Michelle was there and so was Traci," said Amanda. "That made it more terrible."  
 "No, no fucking way, that's crazy. Your daughters, what were they doing
  there? Surely they weren't involved in anything sexual," said Cathy totally
  shocked.  
 "They're both sluts. I know that sounds harsh coming from their own mother
  but my two girls are whores who'll sleep with anybody."  
 "I've heard rumors about Michelle but Traci's just barely a teenager. She's
  only fourteen."  
 "Traci may be fourteen but she bragged to me she's been performing oral
  sex since she was eleven," said Amanda. "Both my girls have been fucking Sidney
  Freedman. They're hoping he gets them pregnant so they'll have his cute little
  black baby. I'll kill myself if they do."  
 "Heaven help us, what is the world coming to?" said Cathy placing her mouth
  on Amanda's clitoris then slowly taking it in her mouth and tonguing it. Cathy
  was rhythmically working both ends of the dildo into Amanda whose heels were
  digging into the bed contracting her core muscles.  
 "Your hands are always so warm and soft," said Amanda arching her back to
  push her sex against Cathy's hand. "Michelle was present when I was gang raped.
  She helped them defile her own mother. She kneeled on the edge of the mattress
  and sucked them hard before they raped me. Later, some of them fucked her too.
  You should have seen her. She was in cock heaven. Michelle could not get enough
  black dick. Upstairs, my sweet little Traci was ridding Sidney's cock while
  she watched me being raped on television."  
 "It was on television," said Cathy?  
 "Closed circuit. Brother Markham had a fancy digital video camera mounted
  on a tripod filming my gang rape," said Amanda.  
 "Technology has brought so many changes. There are video cameras all over
  downtown Charleston and in the malls. We're all being watched. Perverts are
  sneaking them into the Ladies John to film a poor girl taking a pee. I haven't
  asked the one obvious question. What does Sidney Freedman have on you?" said
  Cathy.  
 "I'm so close to orgasm. Please let's finish and then I'll tell you," said
  Amanda.  
 "All right, Amanda, you just relax and think dirty nasty thoughts while
  I get you off," said Cathy reapplying her mouth to Amanda's clitoris.  
 Amanda's heels strained against the mattress as she arched her back pressing
  her sex to take more of the double dildo lodged in her vagina and rectum. Amanda's
  pleasure built as Cathy stimulated her sensitive areas. Eight inches of thick
  latex was pulsing into her cervix while the same length was forcing its passage
  of her bowels. Inside her, she could feel that a thin wall of tissue separated
  the two objects. Cathy's mouth engulfed her clitoris pulling and teasing it
  with her lips and tongue.  
 "Fuck me you black bastards," screamed Amanda as her orgasm started. In
  her mind, she was back at Dr. Freedman's. When she looked up, there was a dark
  chocolate young man with beautiful white teeth on top of her. Two dozen black
  men surrounded her fisting their cocks anxious for their turn. Her daughter
  Michelle's hand was racing up and down a long black cock as Michelle's tongue
  swirled around the reddish cock head.  
 "He's fucking you next, you slut," silently mouthed Michelle when he stopped
  licking the man's dick for a moment.  
 Minutes went buy before Amanda recovered from her orgasm enough to speak.  
 "Sidney has a digital video of your batchelorette party, the one at the
  hotel," said Amanda pulling Cathy back into her arms.  
 "I don't understand. I didn't see anybody taking pictures," said Cathy.  
 "The cameras were concealed," said Amanda. "There must have been more than
  one. It was a very professional job. Sidney showed it to me. You and I along
  with the rest of the women were filmed from all angles. It was like a Roman
  orgy."  
 "I thought it odd that nobody was willing to admit they invited male entertainers.
  I just assumed that you or Mom arranged for them. They were all so good looking.
  And they were hung like horses. One of them told me he lived in the Silver
  Lake area of Los Angeles. Christ, we went crazy that night. If they have that
  on video, we're all finished," said Cathy despondently.  
 "Exactly, your mother was the first woman naked and the first to go down
  on a dancer," said Amanda. "I remember thinking this is getting out of hand
  and I should do something about it. A minute later I was naked on my knees
  sucking one of those incredible cocks for all I was worth. But your Mom did
  lead the way."  
 "I don't know how Dad puts up with her. She is nothing but a slut that goes
  crazy for Latino pricks. Last year, she and Dad were at the hospital Christmas
  party and he caught her in a utility closet fucking one of the waiters, a Puerto
  Rican. She actually paid him to screw her," said Cathy.  
 "There are hours of video of every woman present including the bar tender
  the hotel provided dancing naked, performing oral sex and getting fucked in
  all three holes. I never understood what got into us. We've all done some crazy
  things but that was too insane," said Amanda.  
 "Not that it matters now, but I think we were drugged," said Cathy. "A friend
  of mine who is normally very shy likes to go to Rave's and take Liquid Ecstasy.
  She claims that once the X kicks in, she'll take on any man or woman in the
  place. She loses all her inhibitions. She strips and walks around naked offering
  herself to anybody who'll take her. She does it right on top the tables."  
 "Sidney also has a video of the two of us," said Amanda.  
 "At my batchelorette party?" said Cathy.  
 "No, at your apartment in your bedroom," said Amanda. "He threatened to
  turn over pictures of us making love to Kyle's political enemies. He was also
  going to post the video on a WEB site for anyone to download."  
 "So that's why you allowed twenty four Africans to rape you," said Cathy.  
 "That's not all. Sidney insists that you come with me this Saturday," said
  Amanda. "This time I am to be your fluffer and you will be gang raped."  
 "No, no way, I'm not going to become Sidney Freedman's fuck toy," said Cathy.  
 "Then he'll ruin all of us including your Mother, sister, friends plus me
  and my daughters. Those images will be all over the Internet. We'll never be
  able to appear in public again," said Amanda.  
 "Blackmail never ends," said Cathy.  
 "The Amazon's who kidnapped me and took me to Sidney's place assured me
  that after May 12 it will all be over. They work for Senator Williams. I have
  her word on this. I talked to her personally," said Amanda.  
 "May 12, why May 12," said Cathy? "What's Senator Williams got to do with
  this?"  
 "That's the day after the state's Democratic Primary election. Senator Williams
  is controlling all this. Doctor Sidney Freedman works for her," said Amanda.  
 "So I get to spend five hours on my back getting fucked by two dozen black
  college students," said Cathy.  
 "Yes, if you don't want your life ruined," said Amanda.  
 "And you will be there with me?" said Cathy.  
 "Sucking every dick before it goes in your sweet pussy," said Amanda slipping
  down in the bed to lick Cathy's clitoris.  
Chapter 80 &ndash; Planning Session  
Please take note! Adults Only Literature  
The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written
  for adults only.  
If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing
  this file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
  now.  
This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
  is purely coincidental, etc.  
Email HarryBerg01@aol.com with your comments.  
Copyright 2005  
 ****   
 "George walked in while you were taking it in both ends? That must have
  been exciting. Celeste, your story is getting me hot. My pussy needs some attention," said
  Anna Estelle casually hooking one leg over the chair arm exposing the crotch
  of her panty. Acting as if it were perfectly normal, Anna Estelle reached down
  to pull the material aside to expose her bare sex. With panache, she ostentatiously
  licked several fingers of her right hand and began to massage her clit.  
 "I had Zachary's cock in my mouth and Colonel Mercer's prick in my vagina.
  They were pounding the shit out of me. I was choking, drooling on Zachary's
  cock. He loves to force his dick down your esophagus until you are desperate
  for air. He's a real sadist," said Celeste.  
 "Worse than the Colonel," said Hoover.  
 "Not, really, the Colonel kept using his fingers to stretch my sphincter
  open so he could spit into my open rectum. That hurt like hell. I was sore
  for a couple of days. George says that after the Colonel's stretched my butt
  it doesn't close and you can see several inches inside. Colonel Mercer's really
  into spit and piss. He thinks there is nothing more erotic than watching spit
  and cum dribble out a butthole. He's also pissed in my butt several times.
  He laughs his head off when I have to rush to the commode and take a dump.
  He stands in the bathroom door with his wife watching me," said Celeste.  
 "In some ways, the Colonel and I are simpatico," said Hoover reaching down
  to take hold of his cock and giving it a squeeze. "You're quite a story teller,
  Celeste. I'm hard as a rock."  
 "There was a moment of levity when George arrived. Just as he walked in,
  Adele moaned like a sick cow when she pushed out a turd that sounded like someone
  dropped a boulder in the crapper. George hadn't realized she was right there
  on the john. You could hear the splash all the way across the room. The downstairs
  bath is right off the hallway," said Celeste before starting to unbutton her
  blouse.  
 "How did George react?" said Anna Estelle using the forked fingers of one
  hand to stroke both side of her glistening clit.  
 "He didn't have much time to react. Adele reached out and grabbed his hand
  and pulled him into the half bath. Later, George told me the smell was overwhelming.
  He was pissed I hadn't lighted a scented candle to cover the odor. Adele didn't
  seem to care that she was taking a dump. She unzipped his pants, hauled his
  cock out and started sucking it while she continued her bowel movement. George
  said to his knowledge, he had never heard of a woman willing to give a blowjob
  while emptying her bowels. Adele is a pervert of the first magnitude," said
  Celeste.  
 "You're kidding. She sucked him off, while she was on the john taking a
  shit. That's absolutely wild," said Hoover.  
 "Correct, George said he just stood there half asphyxiated while she licked
  his nuts and sucked his shaft all the while making splashes in the water below.
  She stuck a finger up his butt while she blew him all the while groaning and
  straining like a constipated elephant. Based on the effort she made we were
  amazed that she does not have a terrible case of the piles. You would think
  all that grunting, groaning, and shoving would result in her butthole looking
  like a rotten cabbage but hers is completely scar free. And I would know because
  I've rimmed her more than once," said Celeste. "She likes for a woman to suck
  her butthole especially after she's moved her bowels and not bothered to wipe
  her ass."  
 "Must have been something to see. Why don't we all get comfortable?" said
  Hoover standing up to unbutton his shirt. "I'm in the mood for a threesome.
  How about you, Celeste?"  
 "Sure, I'd love to get naked and fuck you two," said Celeste also standing
  up but showing a slight tipsiness from the wine and Ecstasy.  
 "Let Hoover and I help you," said Anna Estelle standing up and reaching
  for the buttons of Celeste's blouse.  
 "There is nothing that turns me on more than undressing a pretty girl," said
  Hoover undoing the hook on Celeste's skirt as he kissed the back of her neck. "But
  keep telling us what happened. The level of depravity exhibited by the South
  Carolina state police fascinates me. Colonel Mercer and his bunch would have
  thrived in Nazi Germany or at a weekend party at Caligula's."  
 "Was George upset when he saw you having sex," said Anna Estelle?  
 "Not at all, once he blew his load in Adele's yap, he rushed off to the
  spare bedroom where he stored all the cross dressing stuff his dad had given
  him. He told Colonel Mercer he had a surprise for him. He was gone half an
  hour," said Celeste.  
 "And in the meantime?" said Hoover helping Celeste to step out of her skirt.
  Hoover's excitement grew when he saw Celeste's underpants.  
 "Boy shorts, I just love boy shorts especially when they are on a terrific
  ass like yours," exclaimed Hoover when Celeste was left clad in the new boy
  short style panty she had recently purchased.  
 "And the bra matches," said Anna Estelle pulling Celeste's blouse open.
  Anna Estelle slipped her hand inside Celeste's bra cup to feel her breast.
  Celeste gave out a slight moan when she felt her nipple being gently squeezed.  
 "I have very sensitive breasts. Sometimes I can get myself off by pinching
  by nipples," said Celeste. "I don't even have to touch my pussy."  
 Celeste moaned again when Hoover slipped his hand inside her panty and squeezed
  her buttocks.  
 "You are one hot lady. I love your ass. It's perfect. Anna, I think we should
  strip Celeste naked. You'd like that, wouldn't you Celeste?" said Hoover.  
 "Yes, take all my clothes off. I want you to see me," said Celeste pushing
  her bottom back into Hoover hands as she leaned forward to kiss Anna Estelle
  on the lips.  
 "Are you an exhibitionist? I am," said Anna Estelle slipping Celeste's blouse
  off her shoulders.  
 "Yes, knowing I'm being watched turns me on. That's why having sex with
  Colonel Mercer and the others gets me so hot. I love it when there is a group.
  There's always somebody watching when I'm being fucked. It's my fantasy realized.
  There I am with two or even three cocks in me and there are more naked men
  and women watching, playing with their sex and waiting to mount me as soon
  as there is a hole available," said Celeste.  
 "Ever go shopping for shoes wearing no underwear? That's one of my favorites," said
  Anna Estelle removing Celeste's bra that Hoover has unsnapped. Anna Estelle's
  fingers grasped both Celeste's nipples twisting them hard.  
 "Oh fuck yes, I practically orgasm when the salesman gets a hardon looking
  up my skirt at my bare pussy," said Celeste. "At Westtown Mall in the Cole-Hahn
  store, the manager is this real good looking black guy named Jason. He's got
  a terrific cock too. The last time I bought a pair of shoes from him the store
  was empty except for him and a female co-worker. Her name is Sara and she also
  gets turned on when I flash her. I've been there before and they know me. This
  time I did more than flash. Jason told Sara to watch the store while he took
  me back in the stock room and fucked me. He made me kneel down and suck his
  cock then he bent me over a crate, pulled my skirt up and screwed me dog style.
  He kept telling me what a slut I was. After he finished, he ordered me not
  to move. It was Sara's turn. There was a leather couch in the office and we
  ate each other out until we came. They sold me these darling shoes for half
  price."  
 "The Cole-Hahn store at Westtown, I'll have to give it a try. I like to
  visit the food court at the Mall and let an entire family see my bare cunt?" said
  Anna Estelle.  
 "Yes, I've done that. I just love the way they react. Sometimes it's the
  mother or daughters that look the most interested when they're staring at your
  bare pussy," said Celeste.  
 "Once when I went to the Ladies Room, this Mom handed her two teenage girls
  some money and sent them off shopping so she could follow me. We went into
  a stall and ate each other. There's something really hot about sitting on the
  top of the tank with one foot on the tissue dispenser and the other on the
  femme's shoulder and she's slurping away on my dripping cunt. When we came
  out, both her girls were standing outside the stall looking very unhappy with
  their mom. They'd figured out what she was up to and followed us. They announced
  they were going to tell their father about it as soon as they got home. The
  woman was practically down on her knees begging them not to say anything to
  him. When I left, they were screaming at their mother calling her a bull dyke
  and a whore."  
 Children have no respect for their parents these days," said Celeste.  
 "It appears that I have two exhibitionist on my hands. I'll have to take
  you two out later and let you shine your twats at innocent bystanders," said
  Hoover his hands caressing Celeste's bare flanks.  
 "How about it, Celeste? Are you up for exposing yourself to the good citizens
  of Charleston?" said Anna Estelle.  
 "Definitely," said Celeste.  
 "Walk around so we can see how you move," said Hoover when Celeste was completely
  naked except for her heels.  
 Hoover and Anna Estelle watched as Celeste, her head held high and shoulder
  back strutted around the large room. It was obvious that Celeste was turned
  on by their stares.  
 Hoover and Anna Estelle intercepted her on her second trip around. The three
  of them kissed passionately. Hands roamed Celeste's body rubbing her sex and
  feeling her breasts  
 "As much as I would like to spread you and fuck you, here and now, we better
  listen to the rest of the what happened, then we can screw for the rest of
  the afternoon," said Anna Estelle.  
 "I want to jerk off while we listen," said Hoover sitting down to untie
  his shoes.  
 "Good idea, I'll get us some lube and toys," said Anna Estelle walking toward
  the bedroom.  
 Moments later, the three were seated in various positions listening to Celeste
  recount the events of the rest of Colonel Mercer's visit. Anna Estelle had
  applied a warming jell to her clit and was enjoying the sensations created
  by her active fingers. Her other hand was applying a dildo to her vagina using
  long smooth strokes. Celeste was pressing the pointed end of a vibrator into
  the sensitive tissue surrounding her love button while inserting a curved vibrator/dildo
  in her vagina. It's shape and rough tip was designed to stimulate her G-spot.
  Hoover was slowly stroking his cock as he reacted to the oversized butt plug
  that was stretching his anal ring and pressing against his prostate. He'd consumed
  two tablets of a drug that would allow him to retain an erection for the next
  four hours even while experiencing multiple orgasms.  
 "What happened in the half hour before George re-appeared?" said Anna Estelle.  
 "Things got a little kinky. Adele got off the pot, went in the kitchen and
  found a wine glass for Zachary to shoot his load in. I sucked his nuts while
  she jacked him off right into one of my good burgundy stems. They were a wedding
  gift from my sister. Then Colonel Mercer added his jism to Zachary's," said
  Celeste.  
 "I can guess where this is headed," said Anna Estelle. "Hold it a second.
  I am getting so fucking wet. Watch me everyone. I'm going to cum."  
 Celeste and Hoover watched intently as Anna Estelle shook as she climaxed.  
 "Adele announced that I needed a White Showers. Then she held the wine glass
  between her legs and pissed it half full. She topped it off with a shot of
  vodka," said Celeste.  
 "Cum, piss, and vodka makes a White Showers, didn't know that," said Hoover.  
 "Everyone watched while I emptied the wine glass. Zachary told me I was
  the most disgusting piss drinking slut that he had ever known. He made me get
  down on all fours so he could piss in my ass. While I was in the john, George
  appeared dressed like Senator Williams," said Celeste.  
 "You're shitting me?" said Hoover becoming very alert at the mention of
  the Senator's name.  
 "Nope, then the weirdest role playing I have ever witnessed started," said
  Celeste.  
 "Tell us all about it," said Anna Estelle.  
 "The Colonel sort of went nuts. He called George either Senator or Candace
  the entire time. It seems he's really hung up in some crazy psycho-sexual way
  for Senator Williams," said Celeste. "George had to play the part of the Senator.
  Colonel Mercer told the Senator to beg for his cock."  
 "And George did?" said Anna Estelle.  
 "George loves to act. He belongs to a local amateur theatre company. He
  played the Senator well enough to get Colonel Mercer more excited than anytime
  I've ever seen him."  
 "How did Colonel Mercer act toward the Senator?" said Hoover.  
 "He has a strong desire to degrade and humiliate her. George was certainly
  dressed the part, navy blue pin stripe suit and a blonde wig. Of course, George
  only resembles the Senator in a superficial way. However, the Colonel loved
  it. He made George suck his cock while he called him, rather her, all kinds
  of dirty names."  
 "Such as?' said Anna Estelle.  
 "Cock sucking Roman Catholic whore, the Colonel would say things like pretend
  it's the Pope's cock. But the odd part was that after George had sucked the
  Colonel hard and let the Colonel fuck him in the ass, the Colonel took George
  in his arms and started making out with him talking like he was in love."  
 "Sounds like the Colonel has a fixation," said Anna Estelle.  
 "He also went on about how the Senator was not going to win the election.
  He intends to put roadblocks up between the black neighborhoods and the polling
  places. He told George as he was kissing him that he was going to mobilize
  the entire South Carolina Highway Patrol including calling up all the reserve
  and part time officers to prevent blacks and Hispanics from voting."  
 "What else happened?" said Hoover.  
 "The Colonel and Zachary fucked George in both holes. They were brutal about
  it. I heard the Colonel droning on about how he wished George was the real
  Candace Williams because and his wife would do things to her that she would
  never forget. I missed some of what the Colonel was saying to George because
  Adele and I were sucking pussy and butt in the sixty nine position."  
 "Very interesting, I'll have to pass your information up to the Senator," said
  Hoover standing up.  
 "Make it quick, Hoover, Celeste and I are in the mood for a White Showers
  and we need you for that," said Anna Estelle as she stepped forward to bury
  her face between Celeste's thighs.  
Chapter 81 &ndash; Spring Break I  
Please take note! Adults Only Literature  
The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written
  for adults only.  
If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing
  this file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
  now.  
This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
  is purely coincidental, etc.  
Email HarryBerg01@aol.com with your comments.  
Copyright 2005  
 ****   
 "Undress," said Major Adele Simpson to the terrified girl. They had just
  removed her transport restraints and she was rubbing her sore wrists. The cuffs
  had only been on a few minutes but they had cut into her flesh.  
 "I want to call my parents first," whined Mandy looking down at her hands
  still stained with the ink the trooper had rolled on her fingers when they
  created her ten card.  
 Mandy had discovered that being arrested was just as dehumanizing as it
  appeared on television and in the movies. She was made to stand in front of
  the camera and told not to smile while they took her picture. She hadn't gotten
  to see the result and that bothered her. Mandy was a very pretty girl who knew
  she was pretty and quite vain as a result. The picture in her high school annual
  had depressed her for weeks. She'd shuttered when she recalled the horrible
  mug shots of famous people that occasionally showed up on the media.  
 "That will go in a national database of criminals," said Michael resignedly
  when Mandy asked him about the photo. "It will be with you for the rest of
  your life."  
 "Maybe we can get them to expunge it," whispered Mandy.  
 "Not likely, we're not kids anymore," said Michael looking at Mandy like
  she was an idiot. His reply had added to Mandy's angst. Michael was planning
  a career in criminal law and knew about such things. Mandy's goal was to join
  her father's firm and specialize in corporate law.  
 After the four were fingerprinted and their pictures taken, they were put
  in a holding cell. The four were so angry at each other and what had happened
  they didn't speak with one another. Mandy made a commitment never to associate
  with the other three as long as she lived.  
 Requests to call their parents were ignored by the guards. After a short
  wait, two female state troopers arrived.  
 "Amanda Toliver Potter, step out," said Adele looking at a clipboard as
  she opened the cell door.  
 "That's me. Can I call my parents?" said Mandy standing up and walking toward
  the open cell door. Once again her request was ignored.  
 It took all Mandy's courage not to start bawling as the female troopers
  first shackled her ankles then her wrists to a chain around her waist. Another
  chain connected her wrists to her ankles. She could only walk in short hobbled
  steps.  
 Why are they treating us like we are serial killers wondered Mandy trying
  to ignore the pain of the metal cuffs digging into the flesh of her wrists
  and ankles. Fastening cuffs too tight was standard procedure for the South
  Caroline Highway Patrol.  
 "Is that really necessary?" asked Larry. Larry Kellerman was Mandy's boyfriend
  of the last two months. Mandy now considered him an ex boyfriend for the stupid
  thing he had done.  
 "Standard procedure," said Lt. Connie Tsai, the organizations first and
  only oriental female.  
 "Small steps or you'll fall on your face," said Adele as they lead Mandy
  away.  
 "Where are you taking me?" asked Mandy when they reached the outside of
  the building.  
 "We need to make sure you have not concealed any illegal substances on your
  person," said Adele.  
 "Oh," said Mandy realizing she was going to be strip-searched. She'd feared
  that from the start. The thought of having her body cavities invaded terrified
  her. She'd tried to reconcile herself to the experience saying it was no different
  from a visit to a gynecologist.  
 "Think they will search our vagina?" Mandy whispered to Suzanne when they
  were being processed.  
 "No, way, police can be sued for illegal strip searches. I'm going to sue
  for what they did to me when they arrested us," said Suzanne between sobs.
  Suzanne had been crying since they were pulled over by the state police and
  it was starting to get on everyone's nerves.  
 "I'm not so sure,' said Mandy recalling how during their arrest the trooper
  patting her down had been pretty free with his hands.  
 "Shouldn't a female officer do this?" asked Mandy as the officer squeezed
  her breasts.  
 "Only if one is available," said the trooper. "Drug dealers don't get cut
  any slack."  
 "We're not drug dealers," said Michael. "Get your hands off her breasts."  
 "Better shut your mouth boy or you might lose some of those teeth your daddy
  paid good money to straighten. Two kilograms of cocaine makes you drug dealers
  in South Carolina. Now wouldn't Senator Williams be ashamed if she knew four
  of her supporters were dealing," said the trooper pointing to the Williams
  for President bumper stickers affixed to Larry's new Lexus.  
 Suzanne had loudly protested and even made the mistake of resisting when
  the trooper had run his hands over her. She struggled with the officer. His
  partner came to his assistance grabbing Suzanne's cuffs and pulling them upward
  forcing her arms to lift behind her back. Suzanne screamed as her shoulder
  joints were forced into an unnatural position. One trooper held her by the
  handcuffs with his hand in the small of her back while the other completed
  the search. Suzanne screamed when the trooper slipped his hand down her brassiere
  and pinched her nipples hard.  
 "That's for being a problem," whispered the trooper as he flattened her
  nipples between his strong fingers.  
 "Don't fight, Suzanne. You'll get hurt," said Mandy.  
 "Mandy's right. They'll add resisting arrest to the charges," said Michael.  
 When they reached the holding cell, there had been a brief moment when the
  three informed Larry what a world-class shit he was before lapsing into a rancorous
  silence broken by the arrival of Major Adele Simpson and Lieutenant Connie
  Tsai.  
 Mandy had been mildly surprised when they left the police station. She was
  placed in the back of a golf cart and driven a half mile to a much large building
  located at the very back of the property.  
 "It looks like a horse barn," said Mandy when they arrived. She'd had a
  horse for a while when she was in high school.  
 "It used to be just that," said Connie as they lead her inside the building
  to a large almost empty room. Windows on one wall had been painted over and
  the only light came from the fluorescents. The walls and ceiling were covered
  with plain white tiles. There were drain traps in the floor. Water faucets
  with neatly coiled hoses were located waist high on three of the four walls.
  The only furnishings were a long rectangular table located almost in the center
  of the room and a pair of metal stools.  
 It must weigh a ton thought Mandy looking at the table that compared to
  the surroundings looked almost new. The table was constructed of heavy gauge
  steel held together by stove bolts. Mandy couldn't help but notice that the
  table was tilted downward on one of the long sides.  
 If you put a marble on that, it would roll right off the back realized Mandy.
  What good is that? The dummies must have built it wrong.  
 A sturdy metal pipe supported on each end by steel uprights traveled the
  length of the table three feet above the tabletop. In the very center of the
  table, another metal upright provided additional support for the horizontal
  pipe.  
 "What is this place?" asked Mandy.  
 "It used to be the training facility for our mounted unit but we moved that
  to a new place right outside Charleston," said Lt. Connie Tsai.  
 "Undress, honey, we haven't got all day," said Adele.  
 "There's nothing inside me. I swear there's not," said Mandy desperate to
  avoid what she dreaded with all her being.  
 "A cavity search is never wavered," said Adele stepping closer to Mandy. "Two
  years ago, officers decided a sweet young housewife with two adorable kids
  could skip the search. Later, she pulled a five-inch switchblade knife from
  her vagina and proceeded to kill two guards and another prisoner. Make up your
  mind, Amanda, one way or another. You can cooperate or not but you are going
  to have a cavity search."  
 "I'll cooperate," said Amanda pulling the Kelly green tank top off exposing
  her small breasts. Amanda sat down on one of the stools to remove her cross
  trainers and socks. The low rider jeans followed. The final indignity was removing
  her panty.  
 "Gimme," said Adele reaching for the panty.  
 Mandy watched as Adele ominously stuffed the garment in her pocket. Shocked,
  she was too afraid to protest.  
 "Stand erect, feet hip distance apart and interlock your hands behind your
  neck," ordered Connie. "Don't move."  
 Mandy stood silent as Connie walked slowly around her passing her hands
  over Mandy's bare skin. Tears filled Mandy's eyes as Connie carefully examined
  her breasts lifting each one by the nipple as she looked Mandy straight in
  the eyes. Mandy fought back tears as Connie separated her buttocks to examine
  her anus. The fact that Connie was breathing heavy as she performed the examination
  added to Mandy's worries.  
 "Nice tush, love the tattoo, nothing to report, Major," said Connie ending
  the search by landing a loud smack on Mandy's rear right where the butterfly
  tattoo was located. Mandy responded with a yelp.  
 "I told you so. Can I get dressed now?" said Mandy.  
 "We're not anywhere near done," said Adele taking a box of latex gloves
  out of the canvas bag she'd carried into the building.  
 "Oh God, is that really necessary?" said Mandy.  
 "Necessary and mandatory," said Adele.  
 "Can it wait a moment? I've got to pee," said Mandy all of a sudden realizing
  her bladder was about to burst. She hadn't been to the bathroom since they
  left that morning. She had been holding it and holding it but the possibility
  of someone putting their fingers inside her vagina caused her control to vanish.  
 "Use the drain," said Connie taking Mandy by the arm and pushing her toward
  one of the floor drains.  
 "Isn't there a bathroom?" asked Mandy incredulous they were expecting her
  to urinate right in front of them.  
 "Sure there is but it's at the other end of the building. Lt. Tsai and I
  are on a tight schedule. Go there or not at all," said Adele.  
 "Sweetheart, you might as well get used to pissing in front of a crowd.
  South Carolina women's prisons aren't exactly private. Now squat," said Connie
  forcing Mandy to straddle the floor drain and squat down.  
 "I can't go with you watching," said Mandy after a moment of trying to relieve
  herself.  
 "Connie, turn on a hose. Maybe that will help Miss Potter find the will
  to tinkle for us," said Adele.  
 Connie walked to the nearest wall, uncoiled a length of hose then turned
  the faucet handle. The sound of water splattering on the tile floor filled
  the room bouncing off the walls.  
 I can't believe this is happening to me thought Mandy as she straddled the
  drain and parted her labia exposing her urethra. This is the worst experience
  of my life. I'm going to kill Larry if I get a chance. I've really got to go.
  I'll just close my eyes and take a deep breath trying to relax. God I don't
  like the way the two of them are watching me. I've read stories about pretty
  young females being sexually assaulted in prison by lesbian guards but I thought
  things like that didn't happen anymore at least not in America. Oh please,
  please, God, let me pee. I'm about to burst.  
 It took a couple of seconds but Mandy's bladder finally unclenched. A warm
  spray of golden urine splattered off the grate soaking her ankles.  
 "Girl really had to go," said Connie laughing. "Must have been a while,
  honey, that's strong yellow."  
 "Hose the drain down after she's finished. The Colonel doesn't like to smell
  anybody's piss but his own," said Adele inhaling the scent of fresh urine.  
 When Mandy stood up, she saw that Adele was now wearing latex gloves and
  removing a clear plastic bottle of what she assumed was a lubricant from the
  bag. Mandy jumped at the loud clang caused by Adele tossing two heavy metal
  objects on the surface of the metal table. Mandy visibly cringed at the sight
  of the bright shiny speculum. They looked well used and very different from
  the plastic disposable ones that her own gynecologist inserted in her vagina.  
 "Don't be scared, Amanda. We're just going to take a look inside," said
  Connie obviously enjoying the effect of the proceedings on the young college
  coed.  
 "Have those been sterilized?" asked Mandy.  
 "If you catch a dose of the clap just send the doctor's bill to the South
  Carolina Highway Patrol to my attention. I will personally see that you're
  reimbursed. Now climb up on the table, Amanda," said Adele.  
 "I go by Mandy. My mother is Amanda," said Mandy desperate to establish
  some form of human connection.  
 "We'll take your family history, later. Now climb up and lay down on your
  back with your butt toward me. Put your head on the lower end," said Adele.  
 Mandy shivered when her bare flesh come in contact with the icy metal table.
  Adele made several adjustments to her position before looping a nylon strap
  around Mandy's ankle. Mandy was too frightened to protest as Adele looped the
  other end of the strap over the pipe overhead and pulled it tight before fastening
  the Velcro fastener. Mandy's leg was forced outward at almost a right angle.
  Mandy silently felt grateful that she had kept up with her yoga practice and
  remained flexible.  
 "What are you doing?" asked Mandy.  
 "Preparing you for a cavity search," said Connie now finished with hosing
  down the drain. She had come around to the other side of the table. She looped
  a nylon strap around Mandy's left wrist then looped the free end of the strap
  over the bottom rung of the table. Mandy's arms were tightly stretched over
  her head and down.  
 A minute later, Mandy's other ankle and wrist were secured in the same fashion.
  Mandy's movements were limited to a few inches.  
 Hold on, Amanda, stay in control, Mandy told herself. This will be over
  in a few seconds. God, Suzanne will go nuts when they search her. She is such
  a wuss. Well this is one thing that her daddy's money won't buy her out of.
  A week of listening to her bitch had evaporated whatever concerns Mandy would
  ordinarily feel for a fellow student caught in the same horrible situation.  
 A flash lighted up the room  
 When Mandy raised her head, she could see Adele and Connie between the wide
  V of her legs. Adele was holding a small camera. She had just taken a picture
  of Mandy's privates.  
 "What's that for?" said Mandy almost screaming at the invasion of her person.  
 "Evidence," said Adele using her fingers to spread Amanda's labia before
  taking another image.  
 "That's not legal," screamed Mandy at the two.  
 "What's not legal? Photographic evidence is very effective in the court
  room," said Adele before capturing another image of Mandy's sex.  
 "You got a pretty pussy," said Connie placing her fingers on Mandy's clitoris
  and rubbing the small mound of flesh.  
 "Please don't," pleaded Mandy. I've never done anything with a girl. I'm
  not a lesbian."  
 "Your not being a lesbian is what makes this entertaining. The last time
  we searched a New Jersey dyke she couldn't wait for us to check out her pussy," said
  Connie.  
 Mandy could only watch in horror. The two female troopers were standing
  there looking at her sex as if they were deciding what to do. After a few knowing
  looks had passed, Connie began to unbutton her uniform blouse.  
 "Why is the Lieutenant undressing?" asked Mandy her eyes fixed on Adele
  whose gloved hand was now separating Mandy's labia squirting lubricant onto
  the entrance to her vagina. The action of Adele's fingers spreading the viscous
  liquid over her sexual parts was creating unwelcome sensations.  
 "Since you claim never to have experienced lesbian sex, Lt. Tsai and I thought
  it would be educational to teach you to eat pussy?" said Adele nonchalantly
  as she began to work her fingers in and out of Mandy's well-lubricated holes.  
 "No, never," said Mandy finding it difficult to keep her head elevated.
  She could see that Connie had removed her blouse and bra. Her small breasts
  with their dark brown nipples were exposed. Mandy was totally shocked when
  Adele and Connie embraced exchanging tongue kisses.  
 "Oh my God, no!" screamed Mandy beginning to realize what was in store for
  her. She was going to be the subject of a lesbian rape.  
 Adele's oily fingers were squeezing Connie's small chocolate nipples as
  the two women kissed. When they parted, Mandy could see the shiny smear covering
  Connie's tit.  
 "Looks like you get her lesbian cherry," said Adele releasing Connie. Connie
  began to unbuckle her gun belt. "I'll do her girl friend."  
 "Please don't. Please don't do this. My parents have money," said Mandy
  desperate to avoid what she feared was about to happen. Mandy considered herself
  strictly heterosexual. "I'm an old fashion girl. I like cock and only cock," was
  what she told her girl friends when the topic of lesbian love came up.  
 "Trying to bribe a police officer in the line of duty is a Class A Felony," said
  Adele as she pushed a well-oiled forefinger past Mandy's sphincter.  
 "Stop, that hurts. I'm not into girls," protested Mandy. "I've never done
  anything except with boys."  
 "Don't worry, Amanda, Connie and I are experts. Aren't we Con?" said Adele.  
 "You don't think you're the first bad ass we've had on the Colonel's table," said
  Connie pushing her panty down her legs.  
 "There's been so many we've lost count," said Adele adding another finger
  to the two already inside Mandy's cunt.  
 "Are you telling us, Amanda, that my pussy will be the first one you've
  ever eaten?" said Connie moving around to the other side of the table rubbing
  her cunt as she walked.  
 "Yes," said Mandy. "Please don't do this to me."  
 "Never ate pussy, I suppose that makes me something special in your eyes.
  Where do you go to school, Amanda?" asked Connie.  
 "They're all from Yale, pre-law," said Adele preempting Mandy's answer.  
 "Well, I've always heard that Ivy League coeds walk both sides of the street," said
  Connie who was now standing over Mandy. Connie's lower abdomen was touching
  the crown of Mandy's head. When Mandy looked up, she could see Connie's erect
  nipples.  
 "I'm not going to do it,' said Mandy defiantly. "And you can't make me."  
 "Prisoner refuses the lawful order of an officer of the law, Major," said
  Connie in her official voice.  
 "Here, Lieutenant, see if these change her mind," said Adele handing Connie
  two pair of vise grip pliers.  
 "I just wonder if these makes a difference," said Connie reaching forward
  to grab Mandy's nipples in her thumb and forefinger. Connie displayed her experience
  in breast torture by deftly positioning the ridged teeth at the base of Mandy's
  breast then snapping shut the pliers. Mandy's loud screams filled the room
  as Connie twisted the adjustment at the base of the tool tightening it to the
  maximum position.  
 "Now, for your other boob," said Connie applying the second tool.  
 Mandy was screaming at the top of her voice, shaking from side to side attempting
  to dislodge the heavy hand tool that had reduced her tender round nodules of
  flesh to a paper thin state. Mandy could not stop screaming long enough to
  speak.  
 "And if that doesn't change your mind, here's a butane torch that will make
  those pliers red hot in no time," said Adele holding up a small torch for Mandy
  to see. Adele flicked a button on the handle and the butane ignited with a
  nasty hiss.  
 "So what's it going to be? Amanda? Eat a little pussy or get your buds burned
  off," said Connie grabbing the pliers and pulling them upward as she twisted
  them a half turn. Mandy's cries filled the room. "If losing your nipples don't
  work, we can always do your clit."  
 "I'll do it," screamed Mandy when she finally summoned enough self-control
  to speak.  
 "You'll eat my cunt just like it was your boyfriends cock. There will be
  no hesitating. You will not stop until I cum," said Connie twisting the pliers
  back and forth.  
 "Yes, for the love of God yes," sobbed Mandy unable to bear for a minute
  longer the agony created by the crushing of her tender areola.  
 Connie released the pliers and laid them aside. Next she put the arm around
  the sobbing Mandy to comfort her.  
 "Now that you've decided to cooperate maybe you can avoid further pain by
  assuming a different frame of mind. Adopt a more positive attitude about what
  is happening. Try to enjoy yourself. Now I am going to mount your face while
  the Major searches your cavities for contraband. Concentrate on sucking my
  cunt will take your mind off the Major putting her hand in your box," said
  Connie speaking quietly into Mandy's ear as the girl slowly calmed down.  
 "All right, I'd do my best," sniffed Mandy.  
 And I mean it realized Mandy. These people are insane and I am helpless.
  I thought she was going to rip my tits off my chest. I can't stand any more
  pain.  
 "Now tell me you want me to sit on your face so you can eat my ass and pussy," said
  Connie.  
 "Sit on my face. I'll eat your ass and pussy," said Mandy matter of factly.  
 "Hand me the pliers, Adele. Mandy does not sound sincere," said Connie reaching
  for the nearby pliers.  
 "No, please no, I'm sorry," screamed Mandy. "Please let me try again. I'll
  do better. I promise I will."  
 "Put some feeling in it, Mandy. Make me think you really want to eat my
  holes. Pretend you're a horny lesbo and you've been lusting after my twat for
  weeks," said Connie.  
 "All right, just give me a second," said Mandy conscious that as she and
  Connie were speaking, Adele was inserting a speculum into her anus and cranking
  her butt hole open.  
 "Take your time, darling," said Connie leaning down to kiss Mandy on the
  lips. Mandy was too terrified not to respond when Connie's tongue invaded her
  mouth.  
 "Connie, I really want to eat your pussy. You are so beautiful. I've wanted
  you since the first time I saw you. Please, oh please, straddle my face and
  let me make love to your cunt and ass with my tongue," said Mandy doing her
  best to sound both sincere and horny.  
 "Much better, Mandy. Did you get that, Adele?" said Connie.  
 When Mandy looked down, she saw that Adele was holding a voice activated
  tape recorder.  
 "Got it. Mount the bitch," said Adele putting the tape recorder aside and
  returning to cranking the anal speculum to the maximum extent.  
 Connie used a stool to climb up on the table.  
 Try to relax Mandy told herself as she felt her anal ring being painfully
  stretched. She watched as Connie stepped over her facing her feet.  
 "Let's start with my ass. Good foreplay begins with a little butt work," said
  Connie slowly lowering herself using both hands to separate her buttocks. "Do
  you suck your boyfriend's butt, Mandy?"  
 "No, never," said Mandy as she watched Connie's wrinkled brown asshole approach.
  Mandy's anal experience was limited to a single act of intercourse that occurred
  her freshman year when she was dating a guy whom she thought was the one. Todd
  and she had been to a party, danced to the point of exhaustion and drank entirely
  too much vodka. Once they got back to his place, he had placed her on her knees.
  To her drunken surprise, at some point, he had switched from her vagina to
  rectum causing her serious pain. The next day he had apologized using his inebriated
  state as an excuse. Two weeks later, he had dumped her.  
 Mandy felt slightly claustrophobic as Connie's buttocks covered her face.
  She hesitated a moment when she felt the sphincter touch her lips. A slight
  aroma of feces invaded her nostrils.  
 "Lick it, suck it and tongue it, Amanda. Make passionate love to my shithole.
  Convince me that my shit tastes better than a pint of Ben &amp; Jerry's Chunky
  Monkey," said Connie when she felt the contact between her opening and Mandy's
  lips.  
 I can do this decided Mandy passing her tongue over the crinkled skin. It
  won't kill me.  
 "She's got a tight bunghole," said Adele forcing her fourth finger into
  Mandy's rectum.  
 A low moan escaped Mandy's lips as she felt the painful stretch of her rectal
  walls. Mandy was finding it difficult to concentrate on Connie's asshole while
  Adele's fingers were stretching the narrow cylinder of flesh that connected
  her sphincter to her large intestine.  
 "She likes it. I can tell. We may have ourselves a butthole mama," said
  Adele adding the tip of her thumb to the four fingers. Adele took a moment
  to squeeze more lubricant on the opening. Satisfied that Mandy's butt was as
  well lubricated as possible. Adele took a deep breath, formed her fingers and
  hand into a pointed shape and pushed. There was a strong resistance at first
  then her entire hand slipped into Mandy's ass only stopping at the wrist.  
 "Take it out. It's killing me," said Mandy her voice almost completely muffled
  by Connie's butt checks.  
 "Hang on, Amanda. We're almost there," said Adele turning her hand slowly.
  Adele felt a sense of satisfaction from looking at the way that Mandy's anal
  ring was stretched almost to the point of translucence around her wrist. Lucky
  for her I have small delicate hands thought Adele recalling how her mentor,
  Myra, had large hands for a woman. After Myra performed a rectal search, a
  girl's asshole might not fully close for a couple of days.  
 "Keep sucking ass, Mandy. Show us you're woman enough to take it at both
  ends," said Connie in response to Mandy's slowing pace.  
 This is truly the worst thought Mandy concentrating on ignoring the awful
  pain in her rectum while using her mouth on Connie's sphincter. Mandy realized
  that Connie's anus was relaxing and beginning to open more easily. The tip
  of her tongue entered the opening.  
 "Stick your tongue in my hole. There may be a piece of fudge in there," said
  Connie.  
 I'm being too nice thought Adele as she made a fist. It's time to pack this
  little college bitch's shit.  
 Adele slowly pushed her arm forward going deeper into Mandy's rectum.  
 "How's she doing?" asked Adele to Connie as Mandy squirmed in reaction to
  the fist passing up her GI tract.  
 "Pretty good, she has potential," said Connie.  
 Adele's hand encountered fecal material in Mandy's lower intestine. She
  slowly pushed it upward with her fist until it became firmer. Once that point
  was reached, Adele pushed even harder to firmly pack the feces down. Adele
  smiled when she looked at Mandy's bulging abdomen.  
 Cunt won't shit for a week and then only with a big dose of laxative laughed
  Adele to herself. And when she does take a dump, it will be her biggest firmest
  longest turd ever. Adele's fist and arm made several trips into Mandy's lower
  intestine before she decided to transfer her attention to the other opening.
  Adele removed her hand then peeled off the heavily stained glove and dropped
  it into a nearby trashcan.  
 "No contraband in her rectal cavity. Time to check the vagina," said Adele.  
 "Ok, brown lips, we're switching holes," said Connie to Mandy standing up
  to turn around.  
 Mandy was too far out of it to care. Adele's fist in her butt had been painful
  but not as painful as the pliers flattening her nipples. Eating Connie's butt
  had been disgusting and unhygienic but survivable. Mandy steeled herself to
  face the rest of her ordeal as she watched Connie lowering her pussy to Mandy's
  mouth. Mandy grunted slightly in response to Adele's fingers entering her vagina.
  Mandy sensed that something besides fingers had been inserted in her cunt then
  slowly removed  
 "My hand has been in more pussies than a gynecologists,' said Adele as she
  slowly started the process of opening Mandy's vagina. "Oh, what do we have
  here?"  
 Adele carefully positioned two condoms filled with a white powder against
  the opening of Mandy's vagina. She posed one condom just outside the opening
  and the other in the opening itself. She picked the camera up to create an
  image as evidence.  
 "What's that?" said Mandy when she saw the camera flash.  
 "The Major just removed two tied off condoms containing heroin from your
  vagina. She is recording photographic evidence for your trial. Now suck my
  clit, bitch," said Connie.  
 "There's no heroin inside me," said Mandy.  
 "That's not what the evidence says. You eat my pussy right and I'll try
  to get the Major to forget the heroin."  
 Mandy feeling totally defeated applied herself to pleasuring Connie's sex
  with her tongue.  
 Adele's slipped her hand inside Mandy's vagina. She twisted her wrist and
  used her fingers to locate Mandy's G-spot. Adele traced her fingers across
  the patch of rough skin.  
 "Want to have an orgasm, Amanda?' asked Adele stroking Mandy's G-spot with
  one hand while working her clit with the other.  
 "I'm not sure I can," said Mandy between slurps of Connie's increasing wet
  cunt.  
 "She's got me nice and juicy. She deserves a good cum," said Connie fingering
  her clit as she rode Mandy's face.  
 "Why not? I'm in the mood to munch her rug while I fist fuck her," said
  Adele pulling a stool close to the table and sitting down. She leaned forward
  to bury her face in Mandy's cunt. Adele's hand formed a fist in Adele's vagina
  and began to move back and forth in a slow steady cadence. Adele's mouth concentrated
  on Mandy's clit.  
 It only took a few minutes for Connie and Mandy to have simultaneous orgasms.
  Mandy surprised herself by returning the kiss that Connie gave her when their
  climaxes had subsided.  
 Mandy felt sore and exhausted. Her puzzlement as to what happened next was
  quickly answered when Adele grabbed her two-way radio off the table and spoke.  
 "Sgt. Drew, bring one of the males to the old stable. We girls are tired
  of muff diving," said Adele.  
 Ten minutes later, two male state troopers arrived with a shacked Larry.  
 "Oh my God," he said staring at Mandy's ravaged cunt and asshole.  
Chapter 82 &ndash; Spring Break II  
Please take note! Adults Only Literature  
The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written
  for adults only.  
If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing
  this file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
  now.  
This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
  is purely coincidental, etc.  
Email HarryBerg01@aol.com with your comments.  
Copyright 2005  
 ****   
 "You young people are a disgrace. I pity your poor parents. You're fortunate
  they can't see you now," said Colonel Wesley Mercer slowly walking around the
  long metal table where the four Yale pre-law students were trussed on top in
  what could only be described as a completely exposed and vulnerable position.
  The Colonel stopped at each of the four to feel their exposed sex. The casualness
  with which he acted emphasized his power and their helplessness.  
 The Colonel moved slowly. He stroked the cock of the two boys while maintaining
  a firm grip on their testicles. Once he felt their erection growing, he moved
  to the next person. The two females experienced the insertion of the Colonel's
  fingers in their vagina while the flicked his thumb back and forth across their
  clitoris.  
 There are times when this job is so much fun you'd think I should pay the
  state for letting me work here thought the Colonel savoring the experience
  of molesting the four attractive college students. Beautiful tan slender young
  bodies, big cocks, and tight pussies not to mention hungry little assholes
  just begging for dick, yes, this is some career you got yourself, Wesley Mercer.  
 I don't care what they do as long as they don't hurt me anymore thought
  Mandy as the Colonel's digits violated her person. I just don't want any more
  pain. I'll suck his dick and let him fuck my ass as long as he just doesn't
  hurt me. This is so bizarre. If you told the media about this, no one would
  believe you.  
 Mandy and the other three were naked with their legs widely spread. Their
  ankles were bound to the table's overhead bar. The arms were stretched overhead
  and downward. Nylon straps with Velcro fasteners bound their wrists to the
  bottom rung of the table. It was an unnatural position and their muscles had
  begun to cramp an hour ago.  
 Their groin area was still slick from the lubricant that Major Adele Simpson
  had used to assist the insertion of her fingers and fist inside what appeared
  to be very small openings. All four had bordering on totally losing it when
  the officers had first inserted their hands inside their orifices then made
  a fist and moved it forward and backward through the narrow tunnel of flesh.  
 To say that the four were terrified was an understatement. The nylon restraining
  straps were pulled tight affording a minimum of movement. During deep and thorough
  cavity searches, the four had realized they were totally immobilized unable
  to move more than a couple of inches. Each had learned it was possible for
  their bodily cavities to stretch to the point that a human arm could be inserted
  inside and extended to a point they would have thought impossible.  
 The Colonel had just arrived from an important meeting with the legislative
  committee responsible for approving his department's budget. He was wearing
  a newly tailored uniform that fit him perfectly. He was equipped with two of
  the brand new Hot Shot Model HS36 cattle prods. The HS36 was the most powerful
  cattle prod that Hot Shot Cattle Products of Spartanburg, SC had ever manufactured.
  The CEO of Hot Shot had presented the two cattle prods in a beautiful polished
  walnut case to the Colonel at a recent dinner in Charleston's most exclusive
  restaurant.  
 "My daddy's law firm will see you all go to jail for what you've done to
  us. Those psycho bitches raped me," said Suzanne referring to Major Simpson
  and Lt. Tsai who were standing nearby. The Colonel's fingers were moving slowing
  back and forth inside Suzanne's vagina prompting her to protest. The two female
  state troopers were back in uniform and feeling quite satiated having both
  been eaten to a climax by the two female prisoners. As Suzanne spoke, Major
  Simpson was reliving the feel of Suzanne's tongue on her asshole and vagina.
  The Major's Bartholin glands responding to her erotic reveries generated a
  small measure of viscous liquid that seeped into her panty.  
 Suzanne had been the last person the Major and Lieutenant had searched.
  She had gotten hysterical when the Lieutenant had inserted her well-lubricated
  latex gloved hand inside her rectum and vagina. Once inserted the Lieutenant
  formed a fist that savagely expanded the circumference of the narrow channels
  creating pain that would only be equaled when Suzanne delivered her first child.  
 As with her fellow female student Mandy, vise grip pliers applied to her
  nipples were required to convince Suzanne to perform oral sex on the Major's
  anus and vagina. The fact that the Major's sphincter wasn't the cleanest added
  to Suzanne's disgust at being forced to orally minister to another woman's
  rectum. Also like Mandy, the two troopers had created photographic evidence
  that Suzanne had concealed drugs in her vagina.  
 Stupid bitch thought Mandy listening to Suzanne's outburst. I hope the Colonel
  fucks you over good. I am so sick of your whining and complaining I could puke.  
 Jesus why can't the dumb cunt keep her mouth shut wondered Larry. The Colonel
  looks like one tough SOB. Michael should dump Suzanne. She's a fucking loser
  even if she does have a great body. Dumb shit, he's always bragging about how
  good she sucks cock and how much money her family has and how her dad's connections
  are going to get him a job at a top law firm. Enough is enough. She's a spoiled
  little rich bitch.  
 "Suzanne, calm down. You're making things worse," said Michael wishing that
  his significant other wasn't such a drama queen.  
 "Referring to female members of my staff as bitches is not acceptable," said
  Colonel Mercer lingering in front of Suzanne. "You know what these are?" asked
  the Colonel holding up the two black plastic batons he retrieved from their
  holster.  
 "No, and I don't give a shit," said Suzanne defiantly.  
 "No respect for authority, using profane language with an officer of the
  law. Major Simpson, after I'm done here I want you to educate. What's her name?" said
  the Colonel.  
 "Suzanne York Compton," said Major Simpson referring to a clipboard.  
 "Ms. Compton, you will learn to respect men in uniform before you leave
  the state of South Carolina. These are cattle prods manufactured right her
  in South Carolina by the Hot Shot Corporation. They are American made, not
  that cheap crap from China. After I'm done with you, the Major will see that
  you regain your respect for those in authority," said the Colonel. "Right,
  Major."  
 "Yes, sir," said the Major pleased the Colonel tasked her to break the pretty
  coed's will.  
 "Motherfucker, I don't care what you do to me. You're nothing but a stupid
  redneck piece of shit," spat Suzanne at the Colonel.  
 "Jesus Christ, Suzanne shut the fuck up. You'll make it worse for all of
  us," screamed Larry.  
 "Ms. Compton, I assure you we can make you care a great deal," said the
  Colonel as he placed the end of the plastic baton on Suzanne's thigh and swirled
  it around coating the surface with lubricant.  
 "Don't you dare stick that in me. My daddy will sue you for everything you
  got. We'll own this state and everything in it by the time we're done," threatened
  Suzanne.  
 Colonel Mercer smiled as the worked the tip of the prod into Suzanne's opening.
  He had already noticed that Suzanne's labia were large folds of flesh just
  like he preferred. Big Lips was the term the Colonel wife, Debbie, applied
  to the thick double layers that framed her own vaginal opening. The Colonel
  had a love of sucking those pussy lips and teasing them with his teeth and
  tongue.  
 Once past Suzanne's entrance, the Colonel pushed the cattle prod slowly
  forward until it reached the point that only the handle with the embedded trigger
  was outside her vagina. Several times the prod encounter resistance from Suzanne's
  cervix and the Colonel was forced to twist and angle the Hot Shot until it
  reached the maximum possible depth. During the act of penetration, Suzanne's
  cries of pain caused the Colonel's cock to harden.  
 "Get that out of me, you bastard," screamed Suzanne tears readily flowing
  as she began to appreciate how once more her big mouth and rich girl arrogance
  had gotten her into trouble.  
 Shit why did I lose control again thought Suzanne feeling a dull ache deep
  inside her abdomen. What the fuck is a cattle prod? That fucking thing must
  be all the way in my uterus that is already aching from when that Chinese slut
  stuck her fist in me. This is not my fault. I inherited a bad temper from my
  mother. But Michael says that comes from me always getting my way. He says
  I totally lose it when someone won't let me do what I want.  
 "What would you say, Major, ten inches, maybe twelve?" said the Colonel
  holding up the other cattle prod for comparison.  
 "Twelve at least, you are inside her uterus, tickling her ovaries" answered
  the Major enjoying watching Suzanne squirm in pain. Suzanne had broken out
  in a sweat.  
 "Hear that, Ms. Compton. I have a 9,000-volt cattle prod inside your womb,
  nestled up against your ovaries, ready to scramble your baby eggs. I'm going
  to place the tip of the other Hot Shot against your clitoris and pull both
  triggers at one. Are you afraid?" said Colonel Mercer.  
 "Shit no, I'm not afraid of a redneck like you," said Suzanne but the Colonel
  could plainly see the fear in her eyes.  
 This is making me so fucking hot thought Major Simpson. The stupid little
  bitch deserves what's about to happen. I wish I could just drop my trousers
  and jerk off while the Colonel makes her scream.  
 The Colonel placed the tip of the other prod hard against Suzanne's clit
  and pulled both triggers. It took a second for Suzanne's body to rise up off
  the table in a spine bending contortion. Her mouth was wide open but it took
  several more seconds for her to scream.  
 Hot Shot makes one fine product thought Colonel Mercer as he watched Suzanne's
  reaction. Damn, she almost snapped her spine.  
 As soon as Suzanne started to recover, the Colonel moved both prods slightly
  then pressed the triggers again. He repeated the procedure several times.  
 "How about you, miss?" said Colonel Mercer looking toward Mandy as he pulled
  the cattle prod from Suzanne vagina. "How's your respect for authority?"  
 "Amanda Potter, Sir, I respect your authority completely," said Mandy quickly
  responding to the Colonel.  
 "How do you feel about what I am doing to your friend, Ms Potter?" asked
  the Colonel.  
 "Whatever the Colonel thinks is right, I'm for," said Mandy.  
 "So what part of Ms. Compton's torso should I apply my little toys to next?" asked
  the Colonel.  
 "Her nipples," said Mandy without hesitating.  
 "Jesus, Mandy," said Michael.  
 "And who are you, her boyfriend?" asked the Colonel to Michael.  
 "Yes, we live together," answered Michael.  
 "Without benefit of matrimony?" asked the Colonel.  
 "Yes, we're not married," said Michael.  
 "Living in sin like Sodom and Gomorrah, so you care for her, even love her?" said
  the Colonel.  
 "Yes, we plan to get married when we graduate law school," said Michael.  
 "So if I offered you the opportunity to substitute your cock and balls in
  place of her nipples, you'd agree?" said the Colonel.  
 "I don't understand," said Michael.  
 "For someone who attends a fancy Northern college, you're slow on the uptake.
  I'm offering you the chance to be a hero. Instead of applying these two prods
  to your girlfriend's big titties, I put one prod under your nut sack like this
  and the other on the tip of your pecker like so," said the Colonel placing
  the prods as he spoke. "Now, should I pull the triggers now or put them back
  on her?"  
 "No, don't do that to me, please," said Michael tears forming in his eyes.  
 "Chivalry is definitely dead, right Major?" said the Colonel moving the
  prods back to Suzanne's breasts.  
 "Especially up north," said the Major her words cut short by Suzanne's screams
  as the voltage surged through her breasts.  
 "Now, Ms. Compton, do you care what happens?" asked the Colonel minutes
  later when he finished torturing Suzanne. In addition to her vagina and breasts,
  he had applied the twin cattle prods to her ear lobes and the back of her knees.
  Suzanne had not known such pain was possible. When the Colonel finished with
  her, she was babbling hysterically begging him not to hurt her anymore.  
 "I leave her to you, Major," said the Colonel finished with Suzanne.  
 "Go get the horse, Lieutenant. We'll take Ms. Compton for a ride," said
  the Major. Lt. Tsai quickly left the room. The Major stepped forward and began
  removing Suzanne's restraints.  
 "Fetch me a coat hanger, Major. There's one in the other room," said the
  Major beginning to undress. Major Simpson ceased her effort to untie Suzanne
  and quickly left the room only to return in seconds dragging a coat rack with
  several hangers. The Colonel handed the Major his uniform blouse and she carefully
  placed it on the hanger along with the wide leather belt and holster containing
  his 9MM Glock semi-automatic. The trousers and boxer shorts came next leaving
  the Colonel clad only in his regulation knee high black boots.  
 Oh my God thought Mandy. Now he's going to fuck me. I don't want to be hurt
  anymore. Getting fucked is way better than having that cattle prod stuck in
  my pussy. I thought Suzanne was going catatonic when he did her.  
 "The sight of all this young pussy and ass has got me horny. While the Major
  and Lieutenant educate Ms. Compton, I need to satisfy my needs. I'll give each
  of you a choice, my cock or one of the cattle prods. What do you say, Miss?" said
  the Colonel stepping to where he could rest his hardening cock on Mandy's forehead.  
 "Your cock," said Mandy looking cross eyes that the penis reaching half
  way to her nose.  
 Nearby Major Simpson was holding a sobbing Suzanne erect as Lt. Tsai wheeled
  in a clanking odd-looking contraption. It was originally a hospital gurney
  that had been modified by a local metal worker to resemble a horse. Someone
  with talent with a blowtorch had cut out a stylized horse's head and tail and
  welded them to the respective ends of the gurney. The wild eye of a stallion
  had been painted on the two dimensional head. Two slabs of steel had been welded
  to the top of the gurney creating a sharply pointed pyramid on top. Another
  artist with a paintbrush had painted a saddle down the side of the slanted
  metal sheet. Lt. Tsai positioned the strange device and set the stops on the
  wheels.  
 You are going to get yours Suzanne realized Mandy looking sideways at the
  instrument of torture. I've read about the effect of mounting people on a narrow
  ridge of metal where all their weight is resting on that tender strip of flesh
  between your pussy and your asshole. It's supposed to be the worst possible
  torture. I hope they leave Suzanne on that until her brains turn to shit.  
 "And you lover boy?' asked the Colonel moving over to Michael and resting
  his cock on the boy's forehead.  
 "Cock," said Michael.  
 "And how about you?" asked the Colonel repeating the same action.  
 "Your cock," said Larry conscious of the warmth of the Colonel's cock upon
  his forehead.  
 "Don't want you to fall off and hurt that pretty head," said the Major to
  Suzanne as they strapped a special version of a riding safety helmet on her
  head. Lt. Tsai bucked the chin strap tightly as the Major pulled the elastic
  strap down from the hat brim and placed the two hooks in Suzanne's nostrils
  then released the attached elastic. The short elastic band painfully jerked
  upward the retrousse nose her parents had paid thousands of dollars to make
  perfect. Next, the Major placed an O-shaped ring onto the front of Suzanne
  mouth before tightening the attendant buckles to where it forced her mouth
  wide open. Suzanne was moaning as she began to recover from the Colonel's electrical
  torture and became aware of her surroundings. She became instantly awake when
  the two females lifted her up on the horse/gurney and she realized her saddle
  was a narrow metal edge that forced all her weight to rest on five inches of
  her being located between her legs. The pain grew exponentially from the first
  second. By the end of the first minute, Suzanne was cursing her parents for
  giving her birth.  
 Her misery was increased when she sensed the bright light of camera flashes
  as the Lieutenant and Major captured images of her perched on the evil device.  
 "Whose car is it with all those Williams for President bumper stickers?'
  asked the Colonel.  
 "Mine," said Larry. "We're all member of the campus group that supports
  her election. I worked in her campaign this past summer."  
 "Being interested in politics is important for the young and it's important
  to democracy," said the Colonel as he moved one of the stools beside Larry's
  head. "But of course, you are backing a losing candidate."  
 "Losing, I believe the Senator has a good chance to win. She's ahead in
  the polls even here in South Carolina," said Larry who was keenly interested
  in politics and planned to run for office after a few years of working in the
  district attorney's office back in his hometown of Trenton, New Jersey.  
 "Lot can happen on election day here in South Carolina. Voters can't make
  it to the polls. Voting machines fail to work. These new electronic touch screen
  machines can go haywire and produce an incorrect tally," said the Colonel as
  he slowly lowered his cock into Larry's open mouth.  
 Christ, I haven't sucked a cock since I got drunk that night when I was
  a freshman thought Larry using a combination of limited head motion and tongue
  on the Colonel's cock. But sucking cock is like riding a bicycle. Once you
  learn, you know for life. Who would have thought that something like this could
  happen to the four of us? It's like we're in a bad B movie. First those two
  female officers under the guise of a cavity search sexually assault us then
  this crypto Nazi Colonel makes me suck his dick. Judging from her screams,
  I'd say that our resident bitch, Suzanne Compton is getting hers.  
 I want to die thought Suzanne as the sharp metal edge bit into the flesh
  between her vagina and her butthole. Oh please God, let me die. I can't stand
  this. Oh shit, she's going to put that horrible thing on my boobs.  
 Lt. Tsai let the razor sharp teeth of the large alligator clamp snap shut
  on the base of Suzanne nipple. She watched as Major Simpson finished sucking
  the other tit to a sharp point then allowed the clamps mouth to bite into several
  inches of flesh. The Lieutenant looked into Suzanne's pain glazed eyes and
  smiled as she released the elastic bands connecting the clamps to the horse's
  head as if they were reins. Suzanne responded with a guttural scream as the
  bands instantly stretched taunt pulling her breasts toward the metal beast's
  front. Narrow rivulets of blood quickly appeared along the clamp edges. A contra
  set of bands attached to her wrists stretched behind her back pulled her in
  the opposite direction. Heavy weights attached to her ankles added immeasurably
  to the pain she was experiencing at the centerline between her legs.  
 My God these people know how to torture the life out of someone concluded
  Mandy as she watched Suzanne suffer. Well at least someone is getting what
  they deserve. Those clamps are practically ripping off the ends of the boobs
  she's always showing off, rubbing them on every guy she meets. Hell, we all
  know that her daddy's money bought her those tits and the nose and the rest
  of her body.  
 With the background sound of Suzanne's stifled cries of agony, the Colonel
  moved his cock from Larry's mouth to Michael's and then Mandy's. After several
  moments of oral ministrations by the pretty coed, he penetrated Larry's rectum
  before slamming his pecker up Michael's shithole.  
 "My cock has been up your boy friend's assholes and I want you to suck it," said
  the Colonel before lowering his cock once again into Mandy's open mouth. The
  fact that Mandy didn't protest convinced the Colonel the time was right for
  him to make his offer. He delayed a little while longer fucking each of the
  three in their mouth and ass plus vagina in Mandy's case until he reached a
  climax in Larry's mouth who he had deemed a first rate cocksucker.  
 "Take her down, Major," said the Colonel satisfied that Larry had drained
  every ounce of semen from his ball sack. "Young man you suck dick better than
  a Charleston street whore. This wasn't the first time you've have a pecker
  in your mouth. Is it?"  
 "No sir," said Larry.  
 "You're pretty good too," said the Colonel to Michael. "I wasn't your first."  
 "I've sucked cock before, Sir," said Michael.  
 Suzanne was sitting on the floor leaning against the wall. Her hands were
  cradling her sore crotch as she quietly cried.  
 "And of course, the little lady here has done her share of playing the skin
  flute. At what age, did you first wrap those pretty lips around a roll of tube
  steak?" the Colonel asked Mandy.  
 "I was thirteen when I gave my brother, Ted who was eleven, a blowjob," said
  Mandy revealing a long held secret that she had never shared with anybody.  
 "How you doing, Ms. Compton?" asked the Colonel.  
 "Please don't hurt me anymore? I'll do anything you say. And I'm sorry I
  called you names. Please forgive me," said Suzanne breaking into loud sobs
  as she threw herself on the Colonel's boots.  
 "Oh now sweetheart, don't cry," said the Colonel crossing the room and sitting
  down on a stool beside Suzanne. He pulled the distressed girl up off the floor
  and sat her down in his lap. The sight of the forty-year-old bald Colonel cradling
  the sobbing distressed twenty three year old coed in his arms would have struck
  most viewers as bizarre. The Colonel put his arms around her and hugged her
  to his breast. Suzanne buried her face in the hairy chest and sobbed as the
  Colonel consoled her. Both her hands were still clutching her throbbing crotch.  
 The two made an odd sight. The Colonel naked except for the black boots
  seated on the tile floor beside the buxom blonde coed whose breasts were showing
  the jagged bloody punctures of the alligator clamp.  
 "Listen up you four miscreants, I'm going to make you a generous offer allowing
  you to avoid prosecution on drug-related felonies that would send you to prison
  for several decades at a minimum," said the Colonel before tilting Suzanne's
  head up and kissing her on the lips.  
 "I'm listening, Colonel. Please tell us," said Mandy. Michael and Larry
  immediately seconded her response. Even Suzanne mumbled her ascent.  
 "As you have no doubt deduced, my staff and I are given to acts of eroticism
  that have their origin in the orgies of the ancient Romans. It is a little
  know fact that the founder of the South Carolina Highway Patrol was a gentleman
  named Joshua Cantrell who was classically educated and spoke perfect Latin.
  Colonel Cantrell believed public service should be rewarded by the periodic
  exploitation of the citizenry for the sexual pleasure of his staff and their
  families. When not keeping the state free of lawbreakers, he organized large
  parties at remote sites where he could realize his desires for recreating the
  rites of the ancient Romans. These affairs were patterned after accounts by
  Pliny, Suetonius and others detailing the orgies of the Emperor Hadrian on
  the Isle of Capri and of course, later, the Emperors Caligula and Nero. Do
  you four understand me so far?" said the Colonel.  
 The four including Suzanne voiced her agreement. Suzanne remained nuzzled
  up against the Colonel's bare chest occasionally planting kisses on his nipples
  and neck. The two exchanged more kisses causing the Colonel to delay the explanation
  of his offer.  
 "Good, it makes me proud that my staff and I have added to you sense of
  duty and discipline. To continue, I am the proud inheritor and maintainer of
  the traditions began by Colonel Cantrell. Tomorrow night on a private lake
  my wife is planning a graduation party, to be truthful an orgy, in honor of
  the fifty new graduates of our state highway patrol academy. They will all
  be in attendance. Dress and behavior will be patterned after that of ancient
  Rome. If you agree to enthusiastically assist in the entertainment of guests,
  I agree to putting the four of you back on Interstate 95 the next day and forgetting
  all about those drugs. All records and associated paperwork of your arrest
  will be destroyed."  
 "You'll let us go, asked Mandy?  
 "Yes, put you back in your SUV with a full tank of gas and wave good bye.
  As for the party, there will be exotic food, stimulating conversation and a
  limitless number of sexual partners. I suppose I should mention that Colonel
  Cantrell also established the tradition of a bisexual police force. Another
  tradition I have obviously upheld both with my male and female officers. Simply
  put, agreement to attend means agreement to have sex with anyone that asks.
  Major Simpson and Lt. Tsai will monitor your behavior and any hesitation or
  bad faith on the part of any of the four of you will result in the continued
  imprisonment of all of you. It will be a no attitude party and your own preferences
  as to gender, age, fat, thin, light, dark, etc are to be forgotten. Understood?" said
  the Colonel.  
 "I agree. I'll go and fuck anyone that asks, male, female, young or old," said
  Mandy with certainty in her voice.  
 "How do we know you'll do what you say and let us go?" asked Michael.  
 "You don't other than you have the word of a Southern gentleman who has
  nothing to gain by putting you in our state's already overcrowded prison system," said
  the Colonel. "It cost the state $35,000 per annum per prisoner. I'd prefer
  you come to the orgy, have the experience of a lifetime, and depart happy.
  But its' your choice."  
 "I'll go," said Larry.  
 "I'm in," said Michael.  
 "How about you, darling?" asked the Colonel gently tilting up Suzanne chin
  to look her in the face.  
 "Yes, if you'll be my Daddy at the party?" asked Suzanne as she gently kissed
  the Colonel.  
 "It will be my pleasure to act as your Daddy. And my wife, Debbie, she'll
  be your Mama," said the Colonel before leaning down to kiss Suzanne on the
  lips.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Harry Berg


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





