BDSM Library - Mary's Poor Hubby




Mary's Poor Hubby
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A powerful dom black male takes a slutty white wife as his own and makes her husband pay for getting in the way.
Mary's Poor Hubby				

By Mary (nykinkywife)

Part 1

I married my husband Chris 8 years ago, but it was never exactly a match made in
heaven. I could have had a number of different guys but, instead of marrying one
of the studs that I would go out with occasionally, I decided to marry the sort
of man from whom I knew I could get what I wanted. Chris is about the same
height as me (5'8") and, at 42, is 12 years older. At the time of our marriage,
he was progressing well at work as a hospital administrator and, although it may
sound a little cold, he appeared to be a good bet for a comfortable life. I
don't want to give the impression that I didn't care for Chris - I did, but it
just wasn't one of those great passions you read about in romance novels. The
situation was pretty straightforward - he was delighted to have a way prettier
and sexier wife than he deserved and I was happy to move into his very nice home
and enjoy the obvious benefits of having a hard-working, well-paid hubby.

We quickly settled into the marriage and the only problem that concerned me was
Chris's inadequate little dick and his inability to satisfy me in bed. Otherwise
he was a great husband and provider and, besides, I always knew I could find
good sex elsewhere if I really needed to. As it turned out, I was able to
maintain my sanity through a combination of a rather large, black dildo and a
number of wild fantasies, which veered between the hot and sexy on the one hand
and the outrageously depraved and filthy on the other. I really don't know where
all these thoughts came from, but many of my more far-out fantasies involved my
husband being humiliated and broken by another man or woman, usually my lover (I
started having many vivid lesbian fantasies in my teen years, but had never
acted on them other than the odd schoolgirl fumble with a girlfriend).

Things changed dramatically 2 years ago when Chris's boss at the hospital
retired and we were both looking forward to his promotion and a big pay rise.
However, my husband was passed over for that job and instead the hospital
appointed an outsider named Joe, a younger guy, at 34, who was black and had an
MBA and a reputation for bringing a tough business mentality to hospital
administration. Chris was furious at the decision and at home he would rant
about quitting, but he didn't say a word at work - not when Joe instructed him
to move into a smaller office; not when he took away my husband's company car;
not even when he made Chris take a compulsory pay cut.

As each day went by, I became increasingly frustrated with the situation. This
new guy was cutting our standard of living and my husband wasn't doing a damned
thing about it. This was only made worse by his constant complaining and moaning
about how hard-done-by he was. Eventually, I snapped and told hubby that he
should act like a man and confront Joe about everything that had happened and
demand reinstatement of his salary and benefits. He said he would, but I knew he
wouldn't. When Chris had failed to make his approach to Joe for a whole week, I
decided it was time to take matters into my own hands. Without mentioning it to
my husband, I called Joe's secretary and made an appointment to see him the
following Friday morning.

When I arrived at the hospital on Friday, I was asked to take a seat outside
Joe's office, where I was kept waiting for ages. I was worried about Chris
stopping by and seeing me, but he didn't and I was eventually shown into a large
office, where Joe was on the telephone. He waved at me to take a seat while he
finished his conversation. I sat on the edge of the chair and couldn't help but
think to myself what a handsome man Joe was. Even seated behind his desk, he was
clearly tall, athletic and looked after himself well - the complete opposite of
my husband, who was becoming decidedly fat. When he was finished, he hung up
and, without standing up or even introducing himself, he said

"I guess you want to see me about your husband and the reduction in his salary."

I was a little taken aback at his directness, which really took the wind out of
my sails, and simply nodded my head.

"You must understand that I have been brought in here to shake things up - we
have new standards now under which every employee must be able to show that he
or she adds value to the organisation. Promotions and pay rises will no longer
be dependent on how long a person has worked here. Your husband has simply
failed to show that he adds value, so his circumstances have been reduced
accordingly. Doesn't that sound fair to you?"

I could hardly disagree and I was fumbling to find something to say in Chris's
defence, but I didn't really know where he could have added value, after all, he
was an old-style administrator. Instead, I just muttered about how hard it was
to get by on my husband's new earnings and that we were starting to have trouble
making ends meet. Joe smiled sympathetically and then said something that
startled me

"You are a very beautiful woman Mary and I'm sure you're way too good for your
husband. Perhaps we could come to some arrangement between ourselves that would
compensate you for his miserable performance." With that, he pushed himself back
from his desk to reveal that he had his pants undone all the time I had been in
his office. To my great shock, his huge black cock lay in his lap. His arrogance
repelled me, but the sight of his enormous dick and his commanding manner left
me speechless and agape. He rose to his full 6'4" and came round to my side of
the desk. He approached my chair and I was completely unable to tear my eyes
away from the truly majestic cock that swung between his legs as he arrived by
my side.

"Your husband got a cock like this?" he sneered.

"No," I answered feebly. "He has a very small cock. I wish he did have one like
that." I shocked myself by saying that.

Without any further discussion, Joe grasped the back of my head and guided me
towards his wonderful dick. With the other hand, he lifted his monster cock so
that its head came to my lips. I just had to have it and opened my mouth without
hesitation and all thoughts of my hubby and our money problems were gone. I
sucked him like a whore and ran my hands all over his shaft and his big, heavy
balls. He kept fucking my mouth and calling me all sorts of degrading names and
I loved it. After what seemed the longest time and with my jaws aching terribly,
he shot torrent after torrent of his hot seed into my mouth and I swallowed as
hard as I could to make sure I had it all. When he was finished with me, he put
his cock away, zipped up and returned to his own chair.

"I think we have an understanding," he said. "What I am willing to do is this. I
will reinstate your husband's earnings in full and add a cash payment in respect
of the company car. But I can't be seen to be rewarding him, so I shall arrange
for this money to be paid direct to you each month. You can leave the details to
me."

My smile must have lit up the whole room. "But what do you want in return Joe?"
I asked. I knew perfectly well what he wanted, but I wanted to hear him say it,
to make me feel desirable and wanted.

"In return, Mary, you will make yourself available to me at least 3 times a week
during the day. I might want you to come here and I might come round to your
place and fuck you in the marital bed. I'm sure the arrangements will vary. In
addition, I intend to start sending your husband on out-of-town business trips
to visit our suppliers and to help with a recruitment campaign we are starting.
On nights when he is away, I will be staying at your house and using you as my
personal whore. Agreed?"

I couldn't believe my luck. A masterful stud like Joe to fuck my brains out; my
whining hubby out of town regularly; and being paid for it!! It seemed like all
my Christmases had come at once. I agreed immediately.

The new arrangement with Joe worked really well. For the first time in my life I
was getting plenty of really dirty, degrading, satisfying sex from a hung bull
who knew what he was doing. The money was also coming through, as Joe had
promised, and I didn't for a moment feel like I was whoring for it - I was
enjoying myself so much, it was more like a well-paying hobby. Chris kept on
moaning about his lot in life, but I didn't really pay much attention to it and,
besides, he was generally only at home 3 days a week. The rest of the time he
was on the road while Joe was in his bed with his increasingly slutty wife.

Things came to a head around 6 months ago when Chris, for the first time in his
life, actually decided to stand up for himself and announced at breakfast one
morning that he was going to quit the hospital. I didn't give it much credence
as he disappeared off to work. Later that morning, I took a call from Joe saying
he would be coming to the house at lunchtime and I should be ready for a real
hard fucking. I prepared myself, taking a long hot bath, shaving my tingling
pussy and selecting my very naughtiest lingerie for my lover's pleasure.

Joe was on time and, as usual, didn't disappoint me when he ravished me so
completely that it took me some time to regain my composure as we lay on the
bed, his thick cum oozing out of my stretched cunt and onto the sheets. As we
were basking in the afterglow of some truly great sex, Joe dropped a bombshell.

"You know Chris quit the hospital today?" he asked.

I was shocked. "He said he was going to but I never believed him - he's always
saying stuff like that."

"Well, he did it today. I have his resignation letter in my jacket pocket.
Apparently, he has a new job offer across town."

"Oh God!!" I said. "So where does that leave you and me?"

"I don't think anything will be changing for quite a while." He said. You see,
once he had slapped his resignation on my desk, he marched out of the building
and was knocked down by a passing car. He just wasn't watching where he was
going."

"Jesus! Is he OK?" I asked.

"He was in the ER as I left," Joe said, coldly. "I don't think it's anything
life threatening, but he will be laid up for a while. Before coming over here, I
took the liberty of calling his new employers and giving them the news and they
are withdrawing their offer of a job. So it looks like Chris will be staying
with us for the foreseeable future."

"But what about his resignation?" I asked. "Are you just going to pretend that
he never quit?"

"As long as he behaves himself and does as he's told, he can keep his job. If
not, he's out and can join the unemployment line. But don't worry about yourself
- I'll make sure you are well taken care of, my little slut."

It suddenly occurred to me that, while my husband was being treated in the ER, I
was here in the marital bed with my lover, his seed leaking out of my unfaithful
pussy. I had not leapt out of bed and rushed to the hospital as a wife should,
but had instead stayed by my lover's side, discussing our future together. It
was not lost on Joe, who simply said that Chris would be fine and that we could
both visit him tomorrow. With that, I rested my head on his chest and reached
down to grasp his monster cock to see if I could coax one more rock hard
erection out of it before Joe had to return to the office. At that moment, I was
in the only place I wanted to be.




Part 2

Well, it turned out that my husband's injuries were rather more severe than Joe
had thought and the poor little guy was laid up in hospital for several weeks
recovering from internal bleeding, head trauma, a broken collarbone and a broken
arm. Whilst I felt sorry for Chris, I was not at all sorry that it was Joe who
was coming home each night to give me what I so badly needed and couldn't get
from my wimp husband. Every time he eased that giant cock into me, I was his and
his only. I couldn't imagine ever letting my hubby fuck me again after
experiencing Joe's wonder-cock and I told Joe over and over that I was his whore
now and that Chris would never again be my man. This never failed to get Joe in
the mood for another bout of hot, dirty sex.

In the meantime, I was visiting Chris in hospital each day - but only after I
had popped into Joe's office on the way and given him a mid-morning blowjob.
Arriving in my husband's private room after a mouthful of Joe's cum seemed so
kinky and nasty that it made me wet throughout my visits and kissing Chris hello
and goodbye was just the best as I pressed my lips that had been round another
man's cock to my husband's lips and passed remnants of cum over to him. He would
have been horrified to know that his boss, the man he hated most in the world,
was providing his wife with the most disgusting and degrading sex ever and that
she was loving each and every minute of it.

After 6 weeks, Chris was finally discharged from the hospital and told to rest
up at home for another month. This was going to cause some problems, as Chris
still wasn't very mobile and so I needed to be around the house to look after
him. Joe was less than happy with the state of affairs, realising my hubby's
presence would severely interfere with our fucking arrangements. It was a cause
of great frustration for me too and I even within the first couple of days of
Chris's homecoming I was becoming resentful that my wimp hubby's needs were
keeping me from my big-cocked lover. As Chris slept one afternoon, I phoned Joe
to tell him my pussy was desperate for his beautiful black shaft and he said he
was sick of not being able to have me whenever he wanted. He hung up after
saying that he was planning to visit the house that evening and that I should be
ready for some serious fucking. Joe arrived directly from work and let himself
in with the key I had given him. I was in the kitchen and he crept up behind me
and slipped his hands through my arms and cupped my breasts roughly. I tipped my
head back against his shoulder as he massaged and tweaked my nipples, sending
shivers down my spine and a rush of wetness to my aching cunt.

I slowly turned around and guided Joe to the table in the middle of the kitchen,
where I hopped up onto the tabletop and hitched up my short summer skirt to
reveal no panties and a freshly shaven pussy. Joe simply smiled and raised my
blouse over my head and he dropped it on the floor. A minute of his masterful
stroking left me desperate for him and I wasted no time in unzipping him and
pulling his wonder-cock out of his pants. He was already semi-erect (and more
than twice as big as my poor little hubby!) and it took no time to get him to
his full length.

Joe pushed me back onto the table and in an instant he was inside me, fucking me
like a whore and really banging into my cunt fiercely. It hurt, but it was so
good and just what I needed at that moment - Joe always knew when I needed
gentle, loving sex and when I need to be used like a black stud's bitch. The
table was scraping across the kitchen floor, making a terrible noise that I was
sure would wake Chris, but frankly I didn't care. I needed this fucking and
nothing was going to stop me getting it or enjoying it.

With my third orgasm subsiding, Joe finally shot his hot, potent seed deep
inside my slutty cunt and we rested against each other for a moment. His cock
was still hard and still inside me as we took a break. The urgency of needing
this wonderful sex had gone and was replaced by a feeling of sheer contentment.
It was a fantastic moment, when suddenly the atmosphere was broken by Chris
yelling from the bedroom, asking what all the noise was about. Joe raised
himself from my prostrate body and he was very obviously annoyed that our
session had been interrupted. As his thick shaft slid out of me, he removed the
rest of his clothes and motioned for me to come with him. With his manly cock
swinging between his legs, I followed Joe up the stairs, realising that this was
going to be the showdown between my dream lover and loser hubby. My pussy,
already flooded with Joe's sperm, was leaking heavily as we climbed the stairs
and my excitement at the prospect of my man confronting my husband about me only
added to my state of near-orgasm.

We came to the bedroom door and Joe threw it open, filling the doorway with his
magnificent frame. He stood there looking aggressive and intimidating. He was
standing with his hands on his hips, staring at my stunned husband, who was
lying in bed, aghast and uncomprehending. In a small gap between Joe and the
door I could see Chris struggle for anything to say as he gaped, open-mouthed
and in a state of shock, at my lover. His eyes were drawn down to Joe's mammoth
cock and I could see a sense of dread and fear spread across my husband's face
as it dawned on him what was going on.

"Why are you making all this noise, bitch?" said Joe. "Why are you interrupting
me when I'm fucking your wife downstairs?" As my slut pussy twitched with
excitement, tears began to roll down my husband's face.




Part 3

The look of absolute despair on my husband's face was a picture! The man who had
taken so much away from him at work was standing naked in his bedroom doorway
having also taken his wife. He was completely unable to stop the tears streaking
his face as the realisation dawned on him. At that moment I felt so proud to be
the slut bitch of such a powerful black stud and I felt nothing but disgust at
my spineless wimp of a husband who was unable to do anything about my lover
fucking me in our own home. Chris tried to lever himself up off the bed, but he
was too weak and fell back, banging his head on the wall and whimpering even
more at his wretched situation. I couldn't help but chuckle as he looked at me
with pitiful eyes - he was silently begging for my help but I was only going to
help Joe to make sure that Chris would never again be able to claim me sexually
as his wife.

As my husband watched and I stared back at him without compassion, I reached
around Joe's huge frame and grasped his massive cock and began stroking him back
to erection. Joe smiled and said

"See wimp - your wife is now my bitch. She's my whore to fuck whenever I want
and you will not be able to do anything about it. If you even think about
challenging me I will use your resignation letter to have you out of your job so
fast it will make your head spin. I'll take your job just as I have taken your
wife."

Chris was completely broken and sobbed uncontrollably - he knew Joe could do it
and probably would anyway, just to torment him. His tears made me even hotter as
I witnessed my real man reduce my pathetic wimp of a husband to the level of a
snivelling schoolgirl. I had nothing but contempt for Chris as I felt Joe's
manly cock stiffen in my hand and my husband was powerless to stop us openly
enjoying each other's bodies. Joe turned and forcefully kissed me. I knew he was
doing it to make sure my husband knew where he stood and I responded
passionately, clutching at his ass cheeks as he ground his solid cock between my
soaking wet thighs. In the background I could hear Chris weeping and moaning,
"Please nooooo!" Right then I decided I would show Joe that I really was his and
show Chris that there was no way he would ever again be a man in my eyes. I
broke off my kiss with Joe and walked over to my husband's bedside. I took him
by the hair and snapped his head back so his eyes were level with my ravaged
pussy.

"See that you pathetic cuckold?" I sneered. "That is what a real man does to a
woman's cunt - something you could never do. See his cum running down your
wife's thighs? See how my pussy lips are puffed up and red? That is how I need
it - not like with your miserable little pee-pee."

Chris tried to look up into my eyes and I could feel real anger rising in me. As
I held his hair with one hand, I started bitch-slapping him with the other,
backwards and forwards, his head snapping from side to side with the force of
the blows. Each time I hit him, I felt a rush of power and it turned me on even
more. He tried to shield himself from the blows, but his arm and shoulder had
not yet healed properly and he was unable to defend himself. As I continue to
rain fierce slaps on his pathetic face, Joe approached me from behind and
slipped a finger into my wet pussy. Each time I slapped Chris, Joe would flick
my clit, encouraging me to continue. In minutes, my husband was a snivelling
wreck of a man. He was sobbing his heart out at the physical and emotion pain I
was subjecting him to, but this only served to heighten my and Joe's horniness.

I was surprised at how tiring bitch-slapping my husband would be - I think Joe's
attentions behind me were taking something out of me too! Chris's face was soon
red and puffy (much like my battered pussy, but for different reasons). As I
tired, Joe took my arm and led me to the couch by the other side of the bed.
There he sat me down and motioned for me to stay. Then he went back round to the
other side of the bed and took my place, grabbing Chris by the hair. He dragged
my poor hubby out of bed by his hair and Chris tried to stand, but was unable to
manage it. So Joe dragged him across the room by his hair and propped him up
against the bedroom door. It was clear that my husband could not stand on his
own, so Joe bodily lifted him off the floor and hung him by the collar of his
pyjamas from the coat hook. He looked even more pathetic than ever, hanging from
the door with his feet a few inches off the floor. Joe looked over at me,
clearly pleased with his handiwork.

"Do you want to carry on hitting this miserable worm?" asked Joe.

"No baby, you take care of it for me - you're so much stronger and I want to
play with my slut pussy while I watch you break him into pieces so he'll never
dream of trying to fuck me again."

Joe smiled and nodded as I spread my legs wide and parted my labia to get at my
throbbing clit. Joe turned to my husband and gave him a slap across the face.
Chris moaned and tried to lift his head, but the position he was hanging in made
it too difficult for him. Joe stripped my husband of his pyjama pants so his
tiny, boyish cock was on display, removing any last vestige of dignity that
Chris might have been clinging to. Joe laughed heartily at the sight of my
hubby's miniscule dick and I couldn't help but join in with the laughter.

"I'm ready Joe darling," I panted. "Now do him for me baby - finish him."

Joe turned to my dangling husband and gave him the first of many heavy punches
to his gut and face. With each blow, I was leaking more and more juice onto the
couch as I witnessed my lover first humiliate and then destroy my husband both
physically and mentally.

After the fifth or sixth punch to his stomach, Chris suddenly started to piss
himself, as he had not regained full control of his bladder since the accident.
Joe stopped the beating for a few moments to let my husband empty himself, but
then restarted with added ferocity. This time he was concentrating his blows at
Chris's groin and the sight of hubby's genitals jumping up and down under the
barrage of punches heightened my arousal.

Soon Chris's balls were starting to swell until they were almost the size of
Joe's! But Joe wasn't about to end my husband's torment just yet. As Chris hung
on the door like a very bloody and virtually unconscious rag doll, Joe grasped
his balls firmly and violently yanked them downwards several times. Chris made a
little gurgling sound and twitched in mid-air, but was unable to cover up from
the ball busting he was getting from my powerful black lover.

By this time, I should say, I had been through several orgasms watching Joe take
my husband apart, but I so desperately needed a real man's cock inside me.
Although my legs had turned to jelly, I managed to pry myself off the couch and
move over to Joe. He turned to me as I approached and I couldn't resist running
my hands over his bulging biceps.

"Oh you are so strong, baby," I simpered. "You did a really good job on my wimp
husband - feel how wet it made me," and I guided Joe's hand down between my
thighs. "I think we can continue dealing with the wimp later, but right now I
need you inside me. Please fuck me with that wonder-cock of yours."

Joe wiped his bloodied fist on my husband's pyjama top, patted his head like a
dog and guided me over to the bed. My passion was greater than ever before.
Watching my lover deal with my husband and destroy him in front of me sent me
into a sexual frenzy and we fucked like never before. I came and came on Joe's
thick black pole and after the longest time he shot his copious sperm deep
inside my cum-craving cunt.

As we cuddled up in post-fuck contentment, I looked over at Chris, who was still
hanging motionless on the door. I asked Joe if he thought we should check on my
husband, but he just said to leave him where he was.

"Just one thing," I said and slipped out of the bed. Walking over to Chris, I
stood in front of him and raised his head with one hand as I reached between my
legs with the other. I gathered a handful of Joe's and my juices from my
freshly-fucked cunt and raised it to my husband's face. I smeared the juices all
over his face and even forced some between his battered lips and into his mouth.
"There." I said to Joe, "Now he's really marked as a cuckold."

Joe smiled at that and beckoned me back to the bed. For a spilt second, I felt a
little guilty about what I had done, but the feeling passed in no time and, as I
snuggled up to Joe's muscular chest, I knew that Joe, Chris and I were all where
we should be and that this most exciting moment of my life would be relived many
times in future.




Part 4

My poor hubby's savage beating at the skilled and powerful hands of my lover Joe
took quite a toll on Chris. When Joe finally removed him from the hook on the
back of the bedroom door, he was a real mess and it was obvious that it would
take some weeks before he would be able to even get to his feet unaided. Joe
very thoughtfully took some time off work and moved in with me while Chris was
recuperating (in the spare bedroom!). I started to nurse my hubby back to
health, but Joe reckoned it was taking up too much of my time, so he called a
nurse from the hospital to come over and help out. He explained that her name
was Liz, she was also one of his slutty white bitches and that, with her around,
I would be able to devote more time to pleasuring him. I readily agreed that
this other girl could provide live-in nursing services until Chris was back on
his feet.

The following day, Liz arrived at our house around lunchtime. I was in the
kitchen when Joe answered the doorbell and I went into the hall to meet her. The
sight that greeted me took my breath away. A gorgeous blonde
Scandinavian-looking girl of around my age had dumped her suitcase just inside
the door and she was entwined in a passionate embrace with Joe, whose hands were
roaming all over her beautiful, rounded ass. They were both completely
uninhibited in their lust for each other and then I noticed the wedding ring
gleaming on Liz's finger - it seemed that Joe had a "thing" about married white
girls! Watching the two of them necking in the hallway made my pussy dampen and
I couldn't resist running my fingers over the front of my panties and feeling
the wetness that had begun to seep through the material.

At last, they broke their kiss and Liz glanced over at me as she licked her
lips. She beckoned me over and gently placed her hand under my chin and raised
my face so we were looking eye to eye. Her fingers lightly traced a path across
my lips.

"So you're the slutty lil bitch that's been keeping Joe away from me," she
smiled. "I can see why," she said as her hand slipped from my chin and down
towards my boobs. She cupped my right breast and gave it a slight squeeze before
rolling my already erect nipple between her thumb and index finger. I let out a
small gasp and both Joe and Liz smiled at me. I was completely entranced by Liz
and I was already Joe's married whore - at that moment, these two could have
done anything they wanted with me and I would have gone along with it happily!

"Joe tells me that you're a very good nurse. Did he explain to you what happened
to my poor husband?" I asked.

"Yes," said Liz, "I hear he got the same treatment as mine did a few weeks ago.
Only, I'm merry widow now, so I won't need to be concerned about him any more."

"Really?!" I said, sounding shocked. "Your husband died from the beating?" As I
said this, my legs turned to jelly as all sorts of evil thoughts flashed across
my mind and Liz continued to pinch my nipple.

"Not just from the beating," Liz explained. "He was in pretty bad shape by the
time Joe had finished with him, but we both kind of helped him on his way." At
this, she smiled at Joe and I noticed his cock was fully erect inside his
shorts, which tented out enormously. He returned her smile and then guided us
both into the living room.

"OK you sluts, I want you both naked and kneeling in front of me," said Joe, as
he sat on the couch. "First one there gets my cock first."

Before I could even get my blouse half-unbuttoned, Liz had peeled her lycra
mini-dress over her head and was on her knees between Joe's parted thighs. I
couldn't believe it - she had been wearing nothing but that dress, so I never
stood a chance of beating her to get naked. Liz grinned over her shoulder at me
in triumph, then turned back to Joe. She reached into his shorts and pulled out
his huge erection. She had obviously missed having Joe's magnificent pole to
play with, as she immediately took its head into her mouth and started sucking
him like a seasoned pro.

I stood naked in my own living room watching Liz suck my lover's beautiful ebony
dick and I felt a mixture of jealousy and extreme horniness. Joe looked up to
see I was stroking my clit as I watched them and he ordered me to my knees
behind Liz and instructed her to stick her bottom out for me. She did as she was
told without hesitation or interruption in her cock sucking efforts. I lowered
my face to her lovely round ass and took a tentative lick at her puckered
asshole. It was a first for me and I was a little hesitant until Liz reached
round behind her, grabbed a handful of my hair and firmly pressed my face to her
silky ass. I got the message and started licking her in earnest. I ran my tongue
up and down her ass and pussy as I reached under her to play with her stiff
little clit. Even with a mouth of black cock, she audibly gasped and pushed back
onto my face. In no time, her juices were flowing freely - this highly-sexed
slut had clearly not been getting what she wanted while I had been with Joe, so
I felt I should try to make up for it with a treat of my own. As I increased the
speed and severity of my clit rubbing, I pushed my tongue as deep as I could
into Liz's sweet asshole and started tongue fucking her for all I was worth. She
was going crazy as she tried to keep sucking Joe's cock while she was cumming
from the treatment I was giving her ass and pussy.

Suddenly, Joe pulled Liz up onto his lap and, almost in a single movement,
impaled her dripping cunt on his throbbing black manhood. Liz screamed as he
drove that thing deep inside her and she was immediately wrapped in a series of
orgasms that left her shaking and twitching uncontrollably. Joe kept ramming her
with his cock until he too let out a deep moan and shot his virile sperm inside
her unprotected pussy. Liz slumped against Joe's manly chest and they rested in
that position for a while. From where I was kneeling, I could see how incredibly
stretched Liz's cunt was around Joe's pole, even as it lost its hardness. As his
cock subsided, first dribbles and then rivers of cum started running out of
Liz's abused hole. Without even thinking, I leaned forward and started to lick
up their combined juices - it was, I thought, the most wonderful taste and a
truly hot thing to do. As I licked Liz's pussy and Joe's cock at the same time,
I had the first of several orgasms over my own fingers. I kept up my licking
until there was nothing left and Liz rolled over onto the sofa. Then I was able
to make sure that I got the last of their cum from Joe's pole and Liz's pussy
individually.

We rested and relaxed for most of the afternoon, the three of us remaining naked
and casually stroking, kissing and massaging each other as we drank wine and
chatted, mainly about how Joe had come to have two married white girls at his
beck and call and how wonderful a lover he was. Of course, Joe loved those
topics and, by the time we broke off our chat, it was well into the evening. I
said that I had better go and check on Chris, but Joe pulled me to him and said
that I should let the real nurse see to it. Liz smiled and jumped up off the
couch. She went into the hallway and grabbed her suitcase. Still naked, she
skipped up the stairs to find my husband.

Several minutes later, as Joe and I cuddled on the sofa, we heard a terrible
commotion upstairs. Liz was yelling at my helpless hubby, "You filthy beast! You
are the most disgusting excuse for a man I have ever come across! How dare
you!!"

We rushed up the stairs and into the spare bedroom to find a naked Liz slapping
my husband around the face as hard as she could and continuing to verbally
assault him. The bedclothes were turned back and it was clear that Chris had
pissed the bed. He tried to protest that nobody had been to see him all
afternoon and that he couldn't hold out any longer, but Liz was having none of
it. She gave him several more hard slaps across the face. I became incredibly
turned on watching this scene, as Liz's breasts swung and trembled so sexily
with each shuddering blow she delivered to Chris's face.

When Liz had finished her beating and humiliation of my wimp husband, she popped
out into the master bedroom, where she had left her suitcase, and returned
carrying a plastic bag with a tube attached to it. She approached my sobbing
husband and said, "If you can't control yourself, I'm going to have to
catheterize you to stop you messing the bed." With this, she forcefully grabbed
Chris's little dick, smiled up at me and then roughly forced the tube into his
pee hole. My poor hubby convulsed and screamed as the tube was fed through his
cock and into his bladder, all without any concern for his comfort or the fact
that his groin was still badly bruised from the beating Joe had given him.

"There," said Liz. "That's certainly not much of a dick to catheterize, but he
won't be fouling the bed again anytime soon." We all laughed at that and my
slutty cunt started to juice up yet again, seeing Chris completely humiliated by
this wonderful blonde bitch who had also now become my second lover. I kissed
her gently and thanked her for dealing with my husband. As we cuddled in full
view of Chris, she said, "No problem darling and I'm sure he won't enjoy the
other treatments I have in store for him, but if they all get you this excited,
we're going to be having some fun times!"

The three of us retired to the master bedroom where Liz and I put on a truly hot
lesbian show while Joe watched and then we spent the rest of the night sucking
and fucking each other in every position and combination imaginable. Mid-way
through the evening, I brought some food up from the kitchen and we had a wild
time eating it from each other's bodies. The banana in Liz's pussy was a
particular favourite and I was sure this would become a delicacy to be tried on
many occasions in the future.

As we turned out the lights and started to drift off to sleep, Liz on one side
of Joe and me on the other, I knew I had never felt so satisfied in my life and
that my husband would never again have any part of me.

The next few days went by in much the same vein with Liz, Joe and I doing
everything we could think of to pleasure each other. From time to time, Liz
would have to break away from our menage to tend to Chris - changing his
catheter bag, feeding him, washing him and so on. His recovery was well under
way but every time she had to go to him - even for a few minutes - my heart sank
and it also seemed to piss Liz off, as she didn't want to miss a moment of the
three of us enjoying each other.

One afternoon, Joe was called into work for an emergency and Liz and I were left
alone. We cuddled up naked in the living room, Liz sitting up on the couch and
me with my head resting in her lap. She was stroking my hair and making idle
chitchat when suddenly she asked whether or not Joe had told me about what had
happened to her husband. I said that he had not mentioned it at all and I begged
her to tell all.

Liz told me how she had met Joe at a hospital social event that she had attended
with her husband (who was a few years older than her). She had been instantly
smitten by Joe and he fucked her for the first time that very night in his
office, across his big desk. He had been her first black man and she resolved
right there and then that she would never be satisfied with her puny old
husband. Joe had felt the same way and had forbidden her from sleeping with her
hubby. Liz agreed to make him move into the spare bedroom, using the pretext
that she could not sleep because of his snoring. However, her husband found out
about Joe and confronted him in Joe's office, where Joe had given him a severe
beating before dragging him to his car and driving to Liz's house. There, he had
Liz confess her love for Joe in front of her husband, who again tried to take
Joe on. Apparently, it was no contest and this time Joe really thrashed Liz's
husband as she watched - she told me that she could hear bones cracking as Joe
destroyed her hubby and that every crack had sent an orgasm wracking through her
body. When he had finished, Joe fucking the living daylights out of Liz and then
had her straddle her husband's face and smother him with her freshly-fucked
cunt. As her hands drifted down to pinch my nipples, Liz explained that her
husband was not able to survive the treatment that had been dealt to him and he
had passed away as Liz smothered him and her lover's cum was gurgling in his
throat.

The way Liz told her story excited me - here was woman who was so devoted to her
wonderful black lover that she had participated in her husband's death to please
him. It had obviously excited her and, as I listened, it had made me very wet
too, though how much of that was due to Liz's attention to my breasts I really
don't know. I could see where our conversation was going, though, and I was not
surprised when Liz asked whether or not I truly wanted to keep Chris around, as
he would continue to interfere with our pleasure.

"If we did get rid of him, how would we get away with it? "I asked. "How did you
manage to keep your husband's cause of death secret?

Liz explained, "As Joe and I both hold responsible jobs at the hospital, it
wasn't difficult. We have many friends in all departments and they were happy to
not ask too many questions. We could do the same for you darling."

Almost without pausing to consider Liz's proposition, I simply said, "OK, but I
don't want Chris to think that I'm in on this. I want his passing thoughts to be
about how I tried to save him". Liz smiled down at me and stretched her hand
along my body to feel how incredibly wet I had become from our chat.

Joe returned to the house later that evening in a foul mood. He said that people
at the hospital had been messing him around all afternoon and that he had had
enough for one day. As he stretched out on the sofa and Liz fetched him a drink,
I knelt beside him and unzipped his pants. Pulling his long, thick tool out, I
started to relax him the best way I knew how and he was fully erect in no time.
As Liz returned with Joe's drink, she told him that she and I had been chatting
and we had decided that my husband should be disposed off as hers had been. On
hearing this, Joe got very excited and within seconds started pumping his seed
into my hungry mouth and moaning, "Yes!! Yes!!" When he had finished cumming and
I had sucked the last of the sperm from his deflating cock, I rose and embraced
Liz while we shared a very sensual, cummy French kiss.

As we settled into bed at the end of another long and exhausting evening of
fucking, sucking and licking, we decided that the next night would be Chris's
last.

The next morning, Joe asked that Liz make the preparations for our evening's
entertainment and she spent the day picking things up from her house and the
hospital, finally finishing her chores in the late afternoon. She had set up a
portable massage table in the master bedroom across the foot of the bed and had
laid out a variety of medical devices on top of the dresser. At the appointed
hour, Liz and I arranged ourselves naked on the bed and an equally naked Joe
went to fetch Chris from the spare room. We heard a short, sharp yelp and then a
thud as Joe hauled my husband out of bed. He dragged the poor wimp into the
master bedroom by his hair and unceremoniously dumped him onto the massage
table. Chris was still too weak to do anything about it and just lay there,
moaning and crying.

Joe stood between the table and the bed and turned Chris' head to face us. I
noticed how the height of the table had brought my husband's face to exactly the
same level as Joe's cock. For a second, I thought that my lover was going to
fuck my husband's mouth, but Joe gave Chris a quick slap and said, "Listen up,
bitch. You know your presence around here has only just about been tolerated
recently. Your constant need for attention has been interrupting us and stopping
Liz and me from fucking your whore wife. Last night, I decided it was time to
get rid of you, but it seems Mary still has a soft spot for you. So here's what
we agreed - if your wife can bring me off five times within the next two hours,
you get to live. If not, then it's bye-bye hubby time."

"Just in case you were thinking you might get out of this unpunished," added
Liz, "I will be giving you some special treatment to make sure that, even if you
do make it through, you will never bother Mary again with your pathetic little
dick."

Chris looked at me, pleading with his eyes. "Please honey," he begged, "please
do as Joe says. Please do it for me - you know how much I love you."

I looked back into my hubby's terrified eyes and smiled soothingly and said,
"I'll do it for you baby. Just hang in there."

With that, Joe started the stopwatch function on the digital bedside clock and I
went to work, rubbing Joe's manly cock to bring on his first erection of the
session. As I did this, I glanced over at Liz, who was doing the same to Chris.
However, he was wincing in pain as Liz handled his miserable little dick roughly
and kept banging her fist down onto his bruised balls on each stroke. I really
put on a show for my husband, making it seem like I was trying my hardest for
him and, through his tears and the pain Liz was inflicting on him, he was
desperately urging me on to make my lover cum. By now I was sucking Joe's
mammoth pole for all I was worth and was really getting into my part. In truth,
I actually wanted to make Joe cum five times in two hours - not to save the
wimp, but because I honestly wanted it.

Around 15 minutes into the session, Joe let out a low growl and shot his cum
into my mouth, rewarding me for the efforts that had left my jaws aching from
stretching around the enormous girth of his black cock. I looked over to see how
Liz and Chris were doing. I could see my hubby was erect in Liz's hand, but he
was clearly in too much pain to cum.

We had to take a break for a few minutes while Joe regained his composure and
Liz was able to release Chris's dick after a fruitless attempt at making his
battered balls empty themselves. However, Chris's relief was short lived.

Joe was soon ready for round two and flipped me over onto my hands and knees so
I was facing the end of the bed and my face was no more than six inches away
from Chris's. My lover's erection was back, strong as ever. He eased it deep
inside my pussy and started to doggy fuck me as I stared into my husband's
pained face.

"I'm doing it baby!" I exclaimed to Chris. "I'm doing it for you - I'll save you
honey!"

As Joe picked up the pace of the fucking, Liz reappeared at the end of the
massage table and I noticed a huge black strap-on jutting from between her
luscious thighs. She took hold of Chris behind his knees, pushed his legs back
towards his chest and positioned the dildo against my husband's asshole.

"I'm going to fuck you without any lubricant," she told Chris. "I want you to
know and feel the sacrifice your wonderful wife is making for you tonight. You
will feel what it's like to take a huge black cock up inside you." With that,
she forcefully thrust the strap-on deep into my husband's bowels and he screamed
into my face, as my cruel lesbian lover ripped his anus apart. This just
encouraged Liz to fuck him harder and, as she did so, she bitch-slapped his cock
and balls backwards and forwards. He tried to reach down to protect his
"man"hood, but Liz just slapped him away and continued to sodomize him with all
her strength.

Watching my husband being anally raped by my lesbian lover drove me over the
edge and I came again and again as my cunt contracted around Joe's stiff rod. It
was not long before Joe himself could hold back no longer and he unloaded his
jism into my pussy with a satisfied "FUCK!!"

As Joe withdrew from my battered pussy, Liz pulled the strap-on out of Chris's
ass. As she did so, I could see blood dripping from the massage table onto the
sheet that Liz had laid out below. It was clear that hubby's anus had been torn
to shreds by Liz's fucking and the flow was not about to stop of its own accord.
This didn't seem to bother Liz, as she unstrapped the dildo and tossed it into a
bag on the dresser.

My face was still right next to Chris's and I smiled at him pityingly and said,
"I made him cum a second time baby - I'm still doing it for you!" The thankful
look he gave me in return was truly pathetic to see as he silently mouthed
"Thank you! Thank you!"

When I looked up, Liz had returned to the table and she was holding a syringe up
so we could all see it. She explained that, as Chris had tried to interfere with
her fucking him, she was going to make sure that he would be immobilized for the
rest of the session. With Chris looking on apprehensively, Liz stuck him with
the needle and injected a powerful muscle relaxant into him. Liz told us that by
the time Joe was ready to go again, my husband would be completely paralyzed,
although he would be able to breathe on his own, hear and feel everything and
otherwise be fully conscious.

By the time Joe was ready for round 3, more than 45 minutes of the session had
passed and things weren't looking too good for Chris. The pleading in his eyes
prompted me to hurry things up a little and, sure enough, as I nibbled and
licked on Joe's cock head, he became erect once more. Checking on what Liz was
up to, I saw she was arranging some surgical instruments on the massage table
between my husband's outstretched legs. With Joe's cock between my lips, I
raised an eyebrow to ask what she was doing.

Holding Chris's ball sac in one hand and some kind of vice in the other, she
coolly explained that she was going to make sure that Chris would never function
as a man in future and that she was going to crush his balls. A look of absolute
panic came over my poor hubby as Liz started to attach the device to his scrotum
and balls. This seemed to excite Joe even more and again flipped me onto my
hands and knees with my face next to Chris's. From where Joe knelt behind me, he
had a perfect view of Liz's handiwork, although all I could see was Chris's
pained expression as he lay there helplessly, about to be castrated by his
wife's lesbian lover.

As Liz began tightening the vice, Joe slowly pushed his cock against my asshole
and gently eased himself inside. I was looking straight into my hubby's eyes and
I flinched as the first few inches of Joe's cock buried themselves inside my
bowels. The agony of what Liz was doing to him was written all over Chris's face
but he was unable to scream, unable to move, unable to protect himself in any
way from his castratrix. As the vice drew tight on his testicles, Liz suddenly
let out a yelp.

"The disgusting little pervert!" she cried. "Here I am castrating him and he has
shot his load all over himself!" She and Joe laughed at this. In fact, the
tightening of the vice had forced my husband's cum out of his balls and he had
experienced the most agonising cum of his life! His belly and abdomen were
covered in an unfeasible amount of sperm, which Liz quickly started to scoop up
and feed into Chris's mouth. He was incapable of doing anything about this and
started making strange gurgling sounds as Liz fed him his own cum.

"Can he swallow?" I asked Liz through gritted teeth as Joe picked up the pace of
my anal fucking.

"I doubt it," chuckled Liz while she scooped the last of the semen into my
husband's mouth and returned to her position in front of the vice.

"Swallow baby!" I cried to Chris. "Swallow that cum and stay with me!"

The only response that came from my prostrate hubby was more gurgling and his
face turning increasingly deeper shades of purple. It was clear that he was
having terrible problems breathing - he was literally drowning in his own cum.

"Stay with me Chris," I begged. "Swallow that cum and I know I can get you out
of this. Do it for me baby!"

My begging was to no avail, as a glazed expression came across my husband's
face. I think he tried to mouth, "I love you," one more time but, as the
gurgling started to fade, I shuddered to yet another orgasm as Joe shot his
potent load into my ass and we all heard a loud popping sound as Liz was finally
able to bust Chris's balls in the vice.

Then there was silence.

Liz joined us on the bed for her reward of an energetic three-way fuck and she
came so heavily and so quickly that she passed out for a few seconds. She awoke
to find us both cuddling her, one on either side, each suckling at a nipple. We
all knew that this was how it was supposed to be.



THE END




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Mary (nykinkywife)


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





