BDSM Library - Lesbian Sex Slave Mother




Lesbian Sex Slave Mother
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This is the story of a sex obsessed mother of two who becomes a willing sex slave to her own daughters, her three nieces, and her next door neighbor, and she loves every minute of it.
Lesbian Sex Slave Mother

F / F / f / f / f / f / f A torrid, wet saga of lesbian incest, lust, and
domination

STARRING ANGELICA (Mother), PETRA & SHAE (Angelica's daughters), JESS,
ANGELA, & TRACY (Angelica's nieces), WITH MELISSA (Angelica's next door
neighbor)

This is the story of a sex obsessed mother of two who becomes a willing sex
slave to her own daughters, her three nieces, and her next door neighbor,
and she loves every minute of it.


Act 1: The Seduction of Shae

"Oh God I'm gonna cum......MAKE ME CUM BITCH!!" Melissa screamed into her
pillow. It was a hot July evening and the 33 year old woman had a sheen of
sweat over her entire body. The heat was overwhelming, especially the heat
between her legs. Angelica's head bobbed around between her legs as she
lovingly lapped at Melissa's shaved pussy. Melissa's long reddish brown
hair was tossed from side to side as the buxom lady thrashed her head
around from side to side.

"Come on SLUT! WORK ME HARD!" Melissa screamed again. She was on her hands
and knees, her tight asshole raised high in the air and her head buried in
a pillow. Angelica was behind her, licking and probing her lover, doing as
she was ordered by the younger woman. Angelica was 44 years old but she was
in incredible shape. She had long jet black hair and she too was a very
chesty woman. Sweat dripped from her tight body as she worked her tongue
feverishly into and between the folds of Melissa's pussy. Melissa shook her
ass as she humped back and forth on Angelica's knowing tongue. She had
taught the older woman just how to get her off. Suddenly Melissa had
another idea about how to get off pop into her head. She looked back over
her shoulder at her lover who was busily licking, suckling, and nuzzling
Melissa's dripping pussy.

"Angelica, lick my asshole," she said quietly. Suddenly Angelica stopped
licking her lovers pussy. She looked up at Melissa, a quizzical look on her
face.

"Mel honey, I'm not into that kind of stuff......" Angelica said meekly.

Melissa looked back at Angelica and a warm smile blossomed on her face. The
smile then turned to an evil grin.

"Angelica you do what I tell you. Understand me hon? Lick it."

"But I'm not...."

"EAT MY ASSHOLE!!" Melissa yelled at the top of her lungs. Angelica jumped
at the volume of her lover's voice.

"Mel honey, keep it down. Someone might hear you."

"If I have to tell you one more time Angelica I swear you'll never have the
opportunity to pleasure me again. Now.......  EAT......MY.......ASSHOLE!
SLUT!"

Angelica obediently grabbed the globes of her lover's cheeks and spread
Melissa's ass, she looked at the brown hole. She had never eaten an asshole
before but Melissa had a way of ordering her around and making her like it,
no matter what the order was. She inhaled the aroma first, getting used to
it. The aroma was a little raunchy at first. It was a hot day and the two
lovers had been going at it for quite some time so the droplets of sweat
beaded on her ass. She tentatively stuck out her tongue and began to lick
and suck on the younger woman's asshole. She was very timid at first.

"Do it like you love it you worthless slut," Melissa ordered.

Angelica did as she was told and began to press her lips and face deeper
into her lovers asshole. She picked up the pace and pressure of her licks
while she inserted three fingers in Melissa's now dripping wet pussy. The
smell and taste of asshole, pussy juices, and sweat, mixed together and
gave her a heady head rush. Just as Melissa had ordered her she began to
actually like the taste of her lovers asshole after a few minutes of
licking and sucking on it. Melissa had a way of making her love anything.
Angelica knew that if Melissa wanted too, she could make Angelica do
anything she wanted. Even though Melissa was younger by a few years, the
young woman made Angelica feel as if she had to do everything Melissa told
her.

When she was 18 Angelica married her husband Frank. She married Frank
because he had gotten her pregnant and only that reason. She never truly
loved the man. By the time Angelica was 22 she was the mother of two
beautiful daughters. Frank had wanted sons of course and was distant to his
entire family. Frank much preferred a night down at the bar followed by a
blow job in the alley behind it from some bar tramp he would meet that
night.  Angelica raised her daughters with as much love and understanding
as any mother could, but after 7 years of marriage the two divorced and
Frank went to Los Angeles. The last she had heard Frank was producing porn
movies. Angelica continued to raise her two daughters and they were the
apple of her eye. Petra was now 26 years old and Shae was 24. Both girls
went to the community college and lived at home with their mother. It was
when the girls went to high school that Melissa moved in next door.

Melissa had long reddish brown hair and blue eyes with a full hourglass
figure. Instantly Angelica was attracted to her. Of course, never having
experimented with women as a teen, Angelica would never have acted on her
attraction. Melissa made that unnecessary however, as she prowled next door
like a tigress. Melissa was always very aggressive with Angelica from the
moment they met. Melissa made a point of wearing sexy, tight, and revealing
clothing around Angelica. Rubbing up against her and making sexual jokes
and innuendoes around her constantly. Angelica even saw Melissa come on to
her own daughters once or twice. Eventually, Melissa came over to her house
one day dressed in a revealing robe slit open to her waist and seduced
Angelica.

From that day to this, Angelica was more than willing to do whatever it
took to pleasure her nasty, commanding next door neighbor. Fearing being
branded a lesbian, Angelica took as many precautions as possible to keep
their relationship under wraps, but Melissa was a very open lipstick
lesbian and she tried to embarrass Angelica often when they went to the
mall or to the movies together, trying to be openly sexual with her.

Angelica's mind came back to the present. Her tongue was forcefully
swabbing out Melissa's asshole now and Melissa was humping her haunches
back on Angelica's tongue. The sweat was beading off of them both and
Angelica licked at the little beads of sweat that ran down Melissa's back
and between the cheeks of her ass. She had actually begun to like the taste
of asshole, it was certainly different than pussy and the vaginal juices
that she adored. Melissa always seemed to press Angelica to the limit and
beyond every time the two made love, which was as often as Melissa desired
her. Angelica could never say no to her for some reason. Melissa was
panting and cursing now, ready for a true anal orgasm.

"Eat my asshole bitch!! EAT IT! EAT MY ASSHOLE!" Angelica continued to lick
the brown hole that she was growing to love. The tangy taste of Melissa's
asshole aroused Angelica violently by now, combined with the fantastic
reaction it brought out of Melissa Angelica was now dripping wet as
well. Finally Melissa collapsed into orgasm. Her whole body began to
tremble and she started to shriek wildly and moan into her pillow. Angelica
felt a huge rush of pride that she had again succeeded in making her lover
cum. After a several minute orgasm Melissa collapsed onto the bed and
looked at Angelica with lust and admiration in her eyes.

"Oh shit Angelica baby. You sure can eat asshole. Just as well as you can
eat cunt. Good girl." Angelica felt a rush of pride when Melissa called her
a "good girl" and yet she had no idea why.

"Thanks honey," Angelica said, as she stroked Melissa's hair lovingly.

"Now I want some of that asshole of yours hon. I've been dreaming about
fucking your asshole with my strap on." Angelica cringed slightly at the
thought. Melissa seemed to be fixated on anal sex these days and Angelica
didn't really want to be part of it. No doubt Angelica would end up
submitting herself to Melissa's wishes but she had a reason not to
experience anal sex today.

"God hon that sounds.... interesting but I have to get home to make dinner
for the girls. They're coming home soon." The look on Melissa's face
changed from one of pure lust to ice cold indifference.  She stood up
before Angelica and ran her hands all over her body.

"Are you sure you want to go now?" she said as she ran her hands between
her thighs and through her own dripping pussy lips.  "Are you sure you want
to go and leave this?"

"I..... I wish I could stay but like I said I told the girls I would make
dinner for them."

"Fine then. Get the fuck out of here bitch. I'll tell you this Angelica my
little slut, when you come back here next. I am fucking your asshole with
my strap on. Make no mistake, I won't forget about it either. This isn't a
passing fantasy. You will be fucked in the ass. Understand?"

Angelica lowered her head a bit as if she was shamed by her inability to
stay and do as her lover commanded her.

"Yes Melissa, I understand."

"Good. Now get the fuck out of here. You're useless to me right now."
Melissa commanded her and she left the bedroom to go and get dressed in the
bathroom. Angelica dressed quickly in her jeans and t-shirt (she wore no
panties or bra) and left the house. She knew her lover and when she saw
Melissa was done with her and she was free to leave.

She went across the street and into her own house. From across the street
she could hear Melissa turning up the television very loud and listening to
XXX rated porno all girl movies. She was a wild one, Melissa, that must
have been what Angelica enjoyed so much about her. Her absolute blatant
sexuality. That and the fact that the woman completely took charge and made
Angelica do whatever she wanted her to do. She seemed to enjoy the feeling
of total sexual submission to Melissa.

"Mom we're home!" Petra and Shae burst through the door, heading straight
to the table for dinner. Petra was the older sister.  She had the look of
her mother with long reddish brown hair and blue eyes and an hourglass
figure. Shae took after Frank's family with long black hair and the
standard set of family blue eyes. She also had an hourglass figure that the
other girls in college envied.

"Hey mom quite a show you're giving us!" Petra let out a wolf whistle.
Angelica looked down to see her very hard nipples poking through her flimsy
white, sweat soaked t-shirt. They were almost totally visible through the
sweaty material.

"Yeah mom you're pretty nippy there...... you been over at Melissa's
again?"  Shae jokingly asked. Both of her daughters suspected that their
mother was in a relationship with their sexy next door neighbor. Most of
the townspeople knew about Melissa's preferences and that Angelica spent
every available moment over there with her. Neither girl could blame their
mother for seeking some pleasure with the beautiful Melissa. She hadn't
been very successful with men so why not try women? They had both confessed
to one another in the past that they thought Melissa was a very sexy woman
and that they envied their mother's looks, so why shouldn't the two of them
be together?

"Mind your P's and Q's young ladies," Angelica warned her daughters.

"Yeah Yeah whatever..." Shae replied.

"I never get any respect from you girls," Angelica joked back.

The trio ate well and laughed and talked as families do. The three women
had become very close over the years and dinner time had become a family
time for them all.

After dinner Shae went outside to see if she could catch a few last rays of
sunshine before the sun went down too far. It was summer and both the girls
were working all day to make money for the next year of school. They didn't
have time to sit about and sunbathe most days but Shae, as a true sun
worshiper, tried her best to get a tan even though it was late
afternoon. She was dressed in a tiny bikini that barely covered her body at
all. The back part of the bikini was basically a thong, the front was a
thin strip of material that barely covered her shaved pubic area. The top
was merely a tiny piece of material that barely covered her nipples with
tiny pieces of floss like material that came up over her shoulders. She lay
down on a small outdoor reclining chair and started to put on tanning
lotion.

"Are you going for an all over tan today Shae?" Came Melissa's voice from
over the hedge. Shae snapped out of her reverie and looked at her
neighbor. Melissa was barely dressed in a thong bikini as well. Her full
figure on display. She had a hungry look in her eyes.

"Hi Melissa. Are you trying to catch the last few rays of sun too?" Shae
asked, Melissa noticed Shae's eyes roving all over her body as she
approached.

"I thought I might. Can I join you?"

Shae said "sure" and Melissa pulled up a sunning chair next to Shae.

"Do my back and I'll do yours." Melissa suggested, indicating the bottle of
tanning lotion. Shae shrugged and said "Why not?"  Melissa turned away from
Shae and presented her back to the young woman.

"Do me first," Melissa said.

Shae looked at the woman's back, it was muscular and lean with perfect
skin.  Shae couldn't help but be envious, and a little aroused. She
squeezed some of the lotion out of the tube and rubbed it between her
hands. She then started to massage the stuff into Melissa's skin.

"MMMMMMM you have an excellent touch Shae. Just like your mother," Melissa
said.

Shae smiled at that remark, obviously the two women were indeed an
item. She continued to run the lotion all over Melissa's back. Melissa
seemed to be really enjoying this, far too much Shae thought.

"My mother's touch is good is it? How do you know?" Shae teased.

"I know a lot about your mother Shae."

"Is it true you and my mother are......?"

"Lovers?" Shae said matter-of-factly.

"That's one way of putting it."

"Yes we are lovers. Does that excite you Shae? Because I think you sound
excited."

"Well, it makes me curious anyway." Melissa noticed Shae rubbed the lotion
into her back harder as the conversation went towards a topic of sex.

"Your mother loves sex Shae. She doesn't let you know it. She doesn't feel
it is proper for a woman to love another woman.  She is a lesbian to the
core thanks to me. I treat her like the nasty woman she really is. She
tries to keep her desires secret."

"That doesn't sound very smart."

"No it isn't Shae. I think your mother is gorgeous don't you?"

Shae was really massaging Melissa hard now, it was easy to tell she was
becoming excited. She was silent as she thought of an answer to the
question.

"Can I tell you a secret?" Shae asked after a few moments of silence.

"Sure," Melissa answered.

"Once I saw mom getting out of the shower a year or two ago. I thought she
was really sexy, and she is built really well too."

"So your answer is yes? You think your mother is sexy?"

"Yeah I guess I do think she is sexy."

"Now you can do my front," Melissa said, as she turned around and undid her
bikini top.

"Do..... your front?"

Melissa tossed her top to one side and revealed her magnificent breasts to
her lovers daughter.

"Yes hon didn't I tell you? I tan all over." And Melissa sank luxuriously
back in her tanning chair.

Cautiously at first, Shae began to massage the cream into Melissa's
stomach, Melissa sighed with contentment. Shae began to relax and started
to apply more cream to her tummy.

"Higher please," Melissa asked.

Shae began to rub higher and higher, her hands eventually reaching her
neighbor's now rock hard nipples.

"Do them too Shae. I don't want to burn." Melissa said softly, referring to
her nipples. Shae started to rub higher and eventually her hands came to
rest on Melissa's breasts. They were warm, firm, and large. Larger than her
own. She began to run in circular motions over the older woman's
breasts. Every now and then she would run her hands across Melissa's
nipples.

"MMMMMM, that feels good," Melissa moaned. Her breath becoming more rapid.

"You like that?" Shae asked.

"MMMMM very much Shae."

Shae started to rub a little harder and squeeze Melissa's breasts. In
response Melissa began to undulate her body towards Shae's hands. Causing
the younger girl to squeeze a little harder.

"You like this don't you Shae?" Melissa asked thorough gasps for breath.

Shae didn't answer at first.

"You do like this don't you Shae?" Melissa repeated.

"Yes." Was Shae's only response in a whisper like voice, Shae sounded
almost hypnotized.

"Suck them honey. I know you want to."

"I... better not," Shae said.

In response Melissa lifted her hand and put it on the back of Shae's head.
Shae felt Melissa apply pressure to the back of her head, pulling her head
down to Melissa's now heaving chest.

"Come on Shae. Suck on them hon."

Shae opened her mouth and took Melissa's right nipple into her mouth.
Melissa immediately started to breathe faster and louder. Shae felt the
hard nipple in her mouth and it excited her. She had never sucked on a
woman's nipples other than her own mother's when she was a baby and she
didn't remember that at all. She swirled her tongue over Melissa's nipple
and her cheeks hollowed as she sucked on her chosen nipple causing Melissa
to moan loudly.

"That's soooo good!" Melissa swooned.

That was when Angelica passed by the large window that looked out onto the
very area where Shae and Melissa were making love. Angelica's eyes widened
as she saw Melissa and Shae kiss deeply as both women wiggled out of their
bikini's and pressed their oiled up bodies together. She was at the same
time shocked and completely aroused by the sight of her lover and her
daughter being so brazen, and so very erotic. She hadn't seen her daughter
completely naked in many years, and she admired her tight young body.

"What the hell am I thinking?" she said aloud. She was watching her
daughter have sex. She should be turning away, giving them privacy, but she
couldn't tear her eyes away from the sight. She knew Melissa had arranged
this, she knew Melissa meant for her to practically walk right into this
scene. She was toying with Angelica again. Teasing her. Playing games. But
to what end? What did she hope to accomplish by seducing her daughter and
allowing her to see it?

By this time, Melissa was sliding her oiled body down over Shae and
spreading the younger girl's legs. Shae smiled at Melissa, spreading her
legs wide. She was obviously a very willing participant in this
act. Despite herself, Angelica slipped her jeans down over her hips and
began to rub her clit between her fingers, causing delicious sensations to
flood her pussy. Melissa lowered her head between Shae's thighs and began
to lap at Shae's pussy.  Shae immediately stiffened as Melissa began to
lick her. She had never done anything like this before, Angelica was sure
of that. But soon she relaxed and began to hump her body towards Melissa's
tongue. Sweat beading off of her beautiful body. Despite herself, Angelica
was truly enjoying the sight of her daughter being eaten out by the sexy
and oh so nasty Melissa. She knew she shouldn't be enjoying it, but she
was. She was rapidly finger fucking her now dripping pussy.

"Don't stop... don't stop..." Shae was panting as Melissa worked her tongue
magic on her. Melissa didn't respond other than to add another finger to
Shae's dripping pussy. Shae shrieked in ecstasy when the finger slid into
her.

"Oh shit!" she exclaimed.

Without warning, Melissa stopped eating out Shae and stood up before her.
Shae looked disappointed and pouted at the loss of attention. Melissa
calmly took the younger woman and led her by the hand back into her own
house. Angelica watched as they were about to disappear through the door to
Melissa's house.Just as the door was about to close behind them, Melissa
looked back at the window and made eye contact with Angelica, who still had
a hand buried in her pussy, and winked knowingly at her lover. She knew all
along that Angelica was watching and she didn't care at all. As the door to
Melissa's place shut Angelica buttoned her jeans and ran out the door and
across the yard to Melissa's home. She eased the door open gently, being as
quiet as she possibly could. On the tips of her toes, Angelica crept
inside. She instantly heard what Melissa wanted her to hear. The sounds of
flesh slapping against flesh. Grunting and moaning.  Angelica tip toed in
further, knowing full well how to get to the bedroom. She poked her head
inside the door and saw something she had never seen before. There on the
floor, Shae was on her hands and knees, humping her body as hard as she
possibly could against Melissa, who was wearing a thick strap on dildo
which was plunging in and out of Shae's tight asshole gripping Angelica's
daughter by a handful of hair. Melissa had told her she was going to take
Angelica in her ass with a strap on and Angelica had resisted it, thinking
it repugnant. Now, she wished it was her on the floor, taking the thick
plastic shaft as deep as she possibly could in her anal shaft. Shae looked
as if she were in heaven, a smile on her face from ear to ear.

Again Angelica looked at her daughter on her hands and knees, getting
reamed anally. Hard and fast, deep and rude, by her lover Melissa. She knew
she shouldn't be watching this, she knew she shouldn't be enjoying the
sight of her own daughter getting ass fucked, but she was, and she was
enjoying it greatly. Once again Angelica lowered her jeans over her hips
and began to finger fuck herself as she watched these two beautiful women
make love.

"Take it all bitch!!" Melissa yelled.

"Yes! Yes! YES!! Fuck me like a slut!" Shae responded. Angelica had never
heard her daughter sound so alive. She found herself envying Melissa. She
found herself wanting to be the one fucking her own daughter. Angelica
shook her head, how could she be thinking this? Just a short while ago she
was repulsed by anal sex with Melissa and now she was considering anal sex
with her own daughter a turn on. At the same time Melissa also felt very
jealous of Shae and the fact that Melissa was now favoring her with sexual
favors. She wanted Melissa's attention all to herself, even if that meant
taking that strap on all the way into her asshole, she wanted to be the one
on her hands and knees.

Melissa was obviously in nirvana, sweat pouring from her well toned,
hourglass body as her mane of reddish hair was tossed about with every
thrust. She had a crazed look in her eyes as she thrust the strap on harder
and harder into Shae, who was now past realm of simple orgasm and lost in
orgasmic bliss as she was racked by multiple orgasms. She grunted hard with
every thrust and could only pant, "More..... more..... more....
more.....MORE!"

"Cum for me bitch!" Melissa yelled as she her head to see Angelica and
knowingly winked at her lover. It was as though she was telling Angelica to
cum, not Shae.

As Shae collapsed in orgasm Angelica felt orgasm grip her as well. It felt
delicious and absolutely wicked. Watching her daughter get her ass fucked
by her lover. Tingles ran down her spine to the soles of her feet and she
licked her lips while moaning quietly. She was so proud of her little
girl. She was beautiful and sexy, young, and an excellent lover. And yet
she envied her daughter as well. That should have been her submitting
herself to Melissa and her fabulous strap on. She knew the next time
Melissa wanted to take her anally, she would indeed submit to her.  Quickly
she zipped up her jeans and ran back to her own house. A few minutes later
Shae came in the door with a look of total contentment on her face,
twirling a lock of hair absentmindedly in her fingers. Her bikini was
practically falling off of her and she didn't seem to notice.

"Are you ok hon?" Angelica asked her daughter.

"Hmmmmmm?" Shae mumbled, in another world.

"Never mind." Angelica responded. Obviously her daughter had throughly
enjoyed her encounter with her mother's lover. As soon as Shae went up to
her room Angelica rushed out the door and across the yard to her lovers
house. She ran through the house and found Melissa, still naked, she was
smoking a cigarette and running her hand through her trimmed pubic hair, a
smile on her face. She didn't even look up as Angelica ran into the room.

"Ok Melissa, you've sold me. I'm yours," she said as she started to strip
off her clothing.

"What are YOU doing here?" Melissa asked with a touch of contempt in her
voice.

Angelica continued to strip as she talked. "I saw you taking Shae, fuck it
was hot! I want you to take my asshole like you took hers." She was now
fully nude and walked to the edge of the bed. She picked up the strap on
and started to suck on it, even though she knew it had just come out of her
own daughter Shae's asshole.

"I'll make this good and wet, then you can fuck me with it," she said as
she began to suck and spit on the rubber cock.

Melissa sighed as if Angelica had just suggested a game of Trivial Pursuit.
"No I don't think so," she sighed.

Angelica stopped sucking the cock, noticing the tangy taste of asshole on
her tongue. She knew that it was her daughters, and the thought made her
pussy juices flow like a river.

"Why not? You wanted to do it earlier." Angelica asked.

"Yes I did. And then I did it. With Shae. I like her, she's very hot and
willing to do anal with me. I like that."

"I'll do it too. I promise."

"No. Not interested."

Angelica was shocked, "Why not?"

Melissa stubbed out her cigarette and smiled wickedly at her, "Because my
dear little bitch. I have other plans for you. Get out of my house. I don't
want to see you or hear from you until I'm ready for you. Until I decide
the time is right, I'm going to fuck Shae."

"You're not serious."

"Get..... the fuck...... out of my house." Melissa said quietly but
dripping with menace.

Angelica lowered her head and got dressed. Slinking out of the house like a
child who had been told it was bad. She didn't know it then, but she was
falling right into Melissa's hands.

Next: The Violation Of Angelica




Act 2: The Violation of Angelica

They were at it again. Fucking each other's brains out. Melissa made sure
the window was open so she could hear everything.  Melissa was either
fucking or being fucked by Shae. For the last two weeks Shae had spent
nearly all her time over at Melissa's. Shae was very quiet about where she
was spending her time but Angelica knew all too well what was happening to
her. Melissa was fucking her every hole with total abandon. Making her
scream in ecstasy. It was driving Angelica crazy. She wanted to be fucked
so badly, but Melissa wouldn't speak to her nor answer the door when she
came over. She was driving Angelica wild and she knew it. This was her
punishment for being reluctant to take a strap on anally. She would never
make that mistake again. She wanted Melissa so badly she could taste her
from across the yard. She would do anything to be Melissa's lover
again. She also found herself thinking about Shae. She had no idea her
daughter was so sexual, and so sexy.  The one time she was lucky enough to
see Shae and Melissa make love Melissa had been fiercely fucking a thick
strap on into Shae's asshole and it looked like the most beautiful thing
Angelica had ever seen. Shae was a beauty and her mother realized it.  She
sometimes wondered through the last two weeks as she finger fucked herself
alone in her bedroom what making love to Shae would be like. She knew it
was incest. She knew it was wrong, but she thought about it anyway. They
were lovers now and Melissa was toying with her. Making her wait.

Just then the phone rang, bringing Angelica out of her reverie. She picked
it up and was shocked to hear Melissa's voice on the other end.

"Get over here. I want you. Now." Melissa said and then abruptly hung up
the phone. Without even thinking about it Angelica ran out the door and
over to her neighbors house. The door was locked.  Angelica knocked on the
door. Much to her surprise, her daughter Shae answered the door. Shae's
body was covered in a thin film of sweat, which was easy to see as she was
only wearing a terrycloth robe which was open down to her waist, where it
was tied. Shae was displaying ample cleavage and the robe fell open again
just past her thighs, exposing well muscled legs.

Come in..... Angelica," Shae said, catching her mother off guard by not
calling her "mom." Shae took her mother by the hand and began leading her
to the bedroom. Neither woman said a word for several minutes.

"Shae honey, what's going on?"

Shae said nothing and continued on. Within seconds, they were entering the
bedroom. Angelica was amazed at what she saw.  Melissa was laying on the
bed, smoking a cigarette and enjoying an afterglow and stroking her pussy
hairs as she liked to do after an intense sex session. Scattered on the bed
were several long double headed dildos, strings of anal beads, vibrators, a
strap on dildo, and a bottle of edible body lotion. The sheets were all
tangled up in the middle of the bed. Angelica's mouth dropped open in shock
and desire as she saw this open display of sexuality in front of her
daughter.

"I don't think I should be seeing this..." Angelica said as she turned to
leave.

"You stay right there!" Melissa yelled. Angelica froze where she stood.

"You see Shae," Melissa said, "Your mother is very good at doing what she's
told."

Shae walked in a circle around her mother, looking her up and down
appreciatively. Angelica felt very frightened, and more than a little
aroused at the attention. When Shae completed her circle of her mother she
walked up very close to her and whispered, "Melissa has been telling me
about you. All the nasty, slutty things you do. How easy it is to control
you. How well you obey orders." Angelica looked at her daughter,
shocked. She then looked at Melissa.

"What the hell are you doing? Telling my daughter the private details of
our relationship?"

It was Shae who answered the question, "She wanted me to know. I think I
deserved to know. What a slut you are. How much you like to eat pussy. No
make that cunt. How much you like to eat cunt." Again Angelica found
herself shocked and more than a little aroused by hearing her daughter
speak like this. What had Melissa done to her? Almost as if Melissa were
reading her thoughts, she got up from the bed and walked towards Shae. All
the while looking Angelica in the eye, she kissed Shae deeply, Angelica
could see their tongues skirting back and forth between each other's
mouths. She felt a very real pang of jealousy and arousal. Melissa than
turned back to Angelica.

"Do you still want me?" she asked.

Despite herself and the presence of her daughter the answer leaped out of
her mouth, "Oh yes."

"How badly?" Shae then asked.

"Badly," Angelica replied again.

"All right then," Melissa said, "You can have me. Once you let Shae fuck
you."

There was a moment of silence as Angelica realized what Melissa wanted her
to do and then her eyes widened in shock. She had wondered what that would
be like after seeing the two of them together, but now to have the reality
of it in front of her was another thing. Shae walked up to her and smiled
at her mother. Looking deeply into her eyes.

"You'll be a good little slut for us. Won't you mom?" she asked in a soft,
sultry voice.

Angelica just looked at her daughter with an inquisitive look on her face.
Shae reached a hand up to her mother's head and ran it through her soft
hair. Angelica loved the sensation. Shae repeated the action, and
again. Angelica was starting to feel very relaxed and closed her eyes,
enjoying the sensation. That was when Shae grabbed a fistful of her
mother's hair and yanked it hard, pulling Angelica's head down to her face.

"You want to be our slut don't you?" she yelled at her mother, who winced
with the sudden pain of having her hair pulled.  Without letting go of her
mother's hair Shae reached around with her other hand and grabbed a
hairbrush off of the night stand.  She reached back and swatted her mother
very hard on the ass with it.  Angelica jumped and let out a short "OW!"
but did not fight back. Seeing this, Melissa leaned in to Shae's ear and
whispered softly, "You see baby? I told you your mother was a slut.  She is
dying to be our slut. Mine.... and yours."

Shae nodded in agreement and smiled. She licked her lips seductively as she
did so. She reached back and brought the hairbrush down again on her
mother's ass cheek. Again Angelica started, but this time she said
nothing. She felt helpless. She didn't know why, but she felt the stab of
pain and it excited her. She could have left any time she wanted, but she
stayed.

"Take your clothes off slut," Shae commanded. Angelica began to slowly
unbutton her blouse, revealing her magnificent body.  Impatient, Melissa
reached over to her and began ripping Angelica's clothes off of
her. Angelica just stood there and let her.  Within seconds she was nude,
her clothes in tatters on the floor.

"Get on the bed on your hands and knees slut!" Shae commanded as she pulled
her mother to the bed by her hair. Angelica then found her self on her
hands and knees, her head buried in a pillow, her ass high in the
air. Melissa and her daughter were regarding her thoughtfully.

"I think she needs to be shown who's the boss around here. And then if
she's good we'll reward her by letting her please us."  Melissa said. Shae
nodded and agreed, then she bent down to her mother's face and smiled,
"Would you like that slut?" she said, very softly and with affection.

"Yes," Angelica meekly replied.

"Yes what?" Melissa prompted.

"Yes....... please?" Angelica replied. In reponse Melissa swatted Angelica
hard on the same ass cheek that Shae had hit with the hairbrush, causing
tears to well in her eyes.

"Wrong!" Melissa said. Shae brought her lips very close to her mother's ear
and whispered, "The correct answer is Yes Mistress Shae."

"Yes Mistress Shae," Angelica responded.

"Very good slut. Very good indeed."

Shae and Melissa both went around to the back of the bed and regarded their
mother's hind quarters, high in the air. Angelica could feel their hands
caressing her, their fingertips probing her most forbidden areas. This she
loved and she involuntarily moaned. This brought another swat from
Melissa. She jumped again.

"Spank her," Melissa said to Shae.

Without hesitation, Shae swatted her mother's ass repeatedly with the
hairbrush, bringing large red welts out on her ass cheeks.  As she
continued to spank her Melissa gave a running commentary.

"Look at your slut mother's cunt Shae. It's dripping wet." Shae noticed
that indeed her mother's pussy was very wet. "She obviously likes being
spanked and being our sex slave. Our slut. You're hurting her, but you're
also making her wet, she loves it. Only true sluts like being spanked and
being controlled." Then she addressed Angelica, "This is truly for the best
slut. Sluts like yourself need constant spanking, discipline, and sex."
Finally the spanking stopped as Melissa stopped talking.

"Yes mother," Shae agreed, "Melissa has convinced me that you need to be
controlled and we are the ones that are going to control you. From now on,
we are the mistresses and you are the slave.  Understand that slut? We own
you. You exist to do as we tell you and to pleasure us as we
desire. Understand all that slut?"

Angelica's voice was weak but very husky and thick, revealing her arousal,
"Yes Mistress Shae. Yes Mistress Melissa."

Shae dropped her head to her mother's ass and spread her ass cheeks wide,
Melissa had introduced her to anal sex and she loved it. She couldn't wait
to try it with her own mother. Angelica felt Shae's tongue on her. The wet
soft tongue caressed her ass cheeks first, then down to her asshole. The
probing tongue felt very good after the spanking. She enjoyed the sensation
entirely.

"Feels good doesn't it slut?" Shae said as she continued to tongue her
mother's asshole. Angelica moaned in approval and then, realizing the
spanking she had received when she didn't properly address the two women,
added, "Yes Mistress Shae."

"MMMMMMMMMMM very good slut," Shae said and then, for the very first time,
licked down over her mother's asshole and began licking and lapping at her
mother's dripping pussy. Again Angelica moaned. Shae's tongue swirled over
her clit and between the folds of her pussy. Tugging at her pussy lips and
then back up to her asshole. Angelica looked over her shoulder at her
daughter. She saw Melissa standing over Shae, softly stroking her hair and
smiling with approval at the scene before her.

"Oh Shae, I taught you well didn't I?" Shae smiled knowingly and grunted an
approval as she continued to lick and probe at her mother's pussy. Melissa
looked down at Angelica, who now had fistfuls of sheets in her hands as her
orgasm approached.  Melissa walked around to the front of the bed and
brought her face down to Angelica's. She noticed the mother's eyes were
shut and she was licking her lips seductively as she approached the brink.

"Are you going to cum slut?" Melissa asked, "Is your daughter going to make
you cum? Are you that depraved? You would let your own daughter dominate
you and make you cum?"

"Yessssssssssssssssssssssssssss," Angelica moaned as her daughter took her
clit between her lips and started running her tongue over it as she
sucked. The non stop pleasure brought Angelica over the edge and she
collapsed in orgasm. The orgasm was twice as sweet as anything she had ever
experienced before. The pain followed by the immense pleasure of her
daughter's tongue sent shivers through her spine that rocked her from head
to toe. The shattering of taboos such as domination and incest also excited
her more than she had ever imagined. She wondered what else these two might
force her to do before the night was over.

It was then that she felt Melissa's fingers entwine themselves in her hair,
Angelica closed her eyes and waited for the pain. She didn't have to wait
long. Melissa yanked Angelica's hair and pulled the wanton mother's head up
to her own face. Angelica felt Melissa's tongue drag along her face,
starting at her chin, and licking up to her temple. Shae continued to
caress her mother's pussy with her long slender fingers.

"It's time for you to be fucked slut. Are you ready?" Melissa asked.

"Yes Mistress Melissa."

Again Melissa yanked on Angelica's hair and pulled the slave up to the
middle of the bed, again positioning her on her hands and knees. Her head
buried in the sheets, her ass high in the air.

"That's the way you were meant to be slut. Just like that. On your hands
and knees. Begging to be fucked. Well, we've cooked up something special
just for you slut. Dirty slut." Shae said and then to make her point, she
slapped her mother on the ass again. She then walked around and picked up
the two double headed dildos on the other side of the bed. She walked back
in front of Angelica with an evil smile on her face. She put them both in
one hand and held out the empty hand, in a cupped manner, to Angelica's
mouth.

"Spit," she commanded. Angelica pursed her lips and spit into her
daughter's hand.

"Again," Angelica did as she was told.

"Again. Keep doing it until I say stop." Angelica spit until a large pool
of her spittle was in her daughter's hand. Finally, Shae pulled her hand
away and reached back to her mother's ass cheeks. Turning her hand over,
the spittle flowed from her hand and onto her mother's ass cheeks. Angelica
couldn't help but smile at the depravity of it all. Of her own spittle
running down between her ass cheeks and down over her pussy. Soaking her
between her legs. Shae began to insert the first double headed dildo into
her mother's pussy. Angelica bit her lip as she felt it enter her.

"Oh shit! Oh God!" she exclaimed.

"You like that don't you slut?" Melissa asked.

"Oh fuck yes Mistress. I love it!" she responded. The long dildo slid
easily into her pussy, Angelica moaned loudly as it filled her
up. Instinctively, Angelica humped back on the dildo, allowing it to slide
even deeper into her.

"Oh Shit yeah!" she exclaimed. It was then that she felt the bed sag down
behind her. She looked over her shoulder and noticed Shae laying down on
her back behind Angelica and spreading her legs.  She inched herself closer
and closer to her mother until her ass was almost touching the back of
Angelica's knees and her legs were straight up in the air. Angelica saw
Melissa insert the other end of the dildo into Shae. Shae's eyes closed
tight and a smile lit up her face.

"Now slut..." It was Melissa addressing her as she joined mother to
daughter with the dildo, "start fucking your daughter."  Angelica did as
she was told, she started to hump back towards her daughter, driving the
dildo deeper into them both.

"Oh Melissa she's good! OH FUCK! The slut is sooooo.... FUCKING.... GOOD!!"
She screamed the last words as Angelica humped the dildo into her
daughter. It was obvious to them both that Angelica was now trying very
hard to pleasure her daughter.

Melissa smiled with approval at Angelica's actions and reached back to
knead her slave's large pillow like breasts.

"Pinch..." Shae's hands were on her own breasts, which heaved with heavy
breaths in unison with Angelica's thrusts. "Pinch them... pinch her
nipples. " Shae was becoming intoxicated with the power over her
mother. She was like a puppet, willing to do anything that they commanded
her to do, willing to withstand anything they did to her. Melissa's long
fingers clasped around one nipple, and pinched, hard, as she leaned forward
to kiss her slave again. Angelica returned the kiss with wild abandon, her
own hands reaching around to grasp the fleshy globes of Melissa's ass.
Melissa groaned with pleasure at her new slave's touch.

"Now you will feel a true orgasm slut," she whispered as she stood up on
the bed. Looming over Angelica on her hands and knees, and Shae lying in
her back behind her mother, humping the dildo back and forth between
them. She stepped over them and straddled Angelica, facing Shae. She looked
down at Angelica's asshole and was practically drooling at the sight. She
had wanted that ass for so long, and now she had it. She spit on Angelica's
ass, making her slave feel even dirtier and thus naughtier as
well. Angelica felt the second double headed dildo being inserted into her
tight virgin asshole.

"Oh fuck!" Angelica yelled as the head of the dildo was pushed into her
anal opening, she was beside herself with desire at this point.

"Come on take it like a grown up slut! Don't be a baby," Shae yelled at
her.

Melissa kept on pushing the dildo further and further into their new slave
until half of it disappeared within her. Angelica now felt as if she were
totally filled to the point of exploding. Melissa then got down on all
fours behind Angelica, directly over Shae, who was still lying on her back
and humping as hard as she could against her mother. Melissa then began to
feed the head of the dildo into her own pussy. It slid in very
easily. Melissa then started to hump her own ass back against Angelica's,
driving the dildo deep into her pussy and even deeper into her slaves
asshole, all the while Shae continued to fuck the original double headed
dildo into her mother's pussy. Shae and Melissa began kissing wildly as
they fucked their bodies hard against Angelica.

"Oh shit! Oh shit! Fuck me hard slut!" yelled Shae.

"Yeah slut! Oh God! Fuck us hard you worthless bitch! Show us you're worth
fucking!" Melissa screamed as she reached back and swatted Angelica's ass
once again.

On the other side of the bed, Angelica was lost in ecstasy. She whimpered
and moaned as quietly as she could into the sheets as she humped her lover
and her daughter as hard as she could. She knew she must have been quite
the sight. She was on all fours, a double headed dildo hanging out of both
her asshole and her pussy, her lover AND her daughter on the other ends of
these plastic pleasure givers, humping hard enough against her body to
practically knock her on her stomach every time, forcing her to prop
herself back up on her elbows and hump equally hard against her lover and
her daughter. Still, she loved it. She knew she was addicted to this. Being
a sex slave felt like her destiny. Even if it was to Melissa and her
daughter Shae.

Without warning she felt it grab her. The most exceptional orgasm she had
ever felt gripped Angelica and refused to let go.  Behind her, Melissa and
Shae continued to hump as hard as they could against her body, increasing
the sensations with every thrust, causing her orgasms to begin anew. She
buried her head in the sheets and screamed at the top of her lungs. She
continued to scream until she was completely unaware of her own body, she
was one massive orgasm after another. Behind her, she was only barely aware
as the two women who dominated her fully also begin to grunt and moan in
orgasm." Yes! Yes!  " Shae cried out, as Melissa's hands found her nipples,
pinching them a little. Shae gazed up at Melissa's tortured face, and felt
the sweat dripping from her forehead onto her own face. It tasted of salt,
and the taste mixed with her own sweat, and that of her mother's
juices. More sweat rained on her face with every thrust of the lover's
hips. Shae and Melissa were indeed cumming together. Soon all three women
were crying out in passion, and, when she felt Melissa's full weight fall
onto her, she knew that her lover had cum.

Finally, Melissa began to laugh, "My God... that was.....amazing. Very good
job slut." She said to Angelica.

"Yes slut. Very good job. Oh my God that was so good."

Angelica remained very still. Unsure of what to do next. She was surprised
when they pulled the dildos from her and escorted her to the
bathroom. Where they all bathed one another lovingly.

"Mistress Shae, may I ask a question?" she said as she soaped up her
daughter's breasts.

"Yes slave you may."

"How will this change our life back at the house? You know what I am
asking.  Petra doesn't know about us. you own me now.  I submitted to
you. I'm still your mother. How can I enforce order in my house now?"

Melissa and Shae smiled that evil smile again.

"No slave. She doesn't know about us. Not yet anyway."

Suddenly Angelica felt a sinking feeling in her stomach. She knew that
before too long, she would feel dirtier and nastier than ever if these two
had their way. And she knew somehow that come Hell or high water, they
would have their way with her.  Now and forevermore.

Next: Petra Loves Angelica




Act 3: Petra loves Angelica

This chapter is dedicated with all my love and lust to my Tigerslut


Angelica felt the thick plastic cock invade her tight asshole, just as
Melissa had promised her it would a few short weeks ago. She winced slightly
at the lack of finesse Melissa used, but her mistress was exactly that kind
of woman. Impetuous, passionate, and always wanting to fuck. Beneath her,
her daughter Shae's pussy was spread before her, dripping wet with
anticipation. Angelica's mouth watered at the sight of her own daughters wet
pussy and she thrust her own strap on into Shae with as much love and force
as she could. They had demanded that Angelica fuck Shae with her own strap
on in the pussy while Melissa kneeled behind her and took the asshole she
desired so much.

Shae squealed with delight as the thick plastic cock stretched out her
insides and drove her wild with lust. The constant thrusts from Melissa
behind them made sure that Angelica continued a torrid pace with her
daughter beneath her. Angelica very much wanted to lean over and kiss Shae
on the mouth but Melissa had reached over and grabbed a handful of her hair
and yanked back hard on it. As always the sensation caused Angelica some
pain, but it also caused her to become more excited as she surrendered
herself to her two mistresses. Despite the pain, she smiled from ear to ear.
She had grown to love a little pain with her ecstasy, it was like sweet and
sour tastes together, just the right amount was pure heaven. At this point,
Angelica was experiencing the perfect amount of sexual arousal and pain.
Angelica thrust her hips forward toward her daughter and felt the dildo in
her own asshole slide out as she moved forward. As she withdrew the strap on
from Shae and moved back again Melissa thrust down upon her slave, sending
her own strap on deep into Angelica's asshole.

"Come on slut!! Fuck your own daughter!!" Melissa yelled in her ear. As she
held a handful of hair. Angelica again thrust down on her
daughter/lover/Mistress.

"HARDER BITCH!!" Melissa yelled again. This time Angelica thrust as hard as
she could into Shae, who swooned at the force of her mothers thrust.

"OHHHHHHH..... good little slut!" Shae cooed to her mother as the force and
pace of their fucking increased.

"Look at this fucking slut mother of yours Shae. She is so into it......
she loves fucking her daughter while I fuck her asshole. Don't you SLUT????"
Melissa said as she swatted Angelica on the ass cheek.

All Angelica could manage to do was grunt in response to Melissa. Melissa
smiled her evil smile as she thrust down hard on Angelica once again.

"Good little slut." Melissa said in a softer voice.

Since they had first made Angelica their slave 6 days ago she was rarely
referred to by her name any more. They called her "slut" or "bitch". That
was more than appropriate, Angelica knew, for a sex slave mother. She liked
the fact that she was constantly being called these demeaning names by her
neighbor and daughter. For her they were terms of affection, not slander.
Calling her by her real name meant that she was on the same level as they
were and she knew deep in her heart that she was far below them. That she
was made for giving sexual pleasure at all times, whenever it was demanded
of her. She liked feeling subservient to them and the otherwise cruel names
reinforced the fact that she was theirs for the taking, she existed for
their pleasure, not her own.

All the while Shae and Angelica kept up the facade of a regular mother and
daughter whenever they were at home. Although she found it increasingly
difficult to discipline Shae around the house. How could she force Shae to
do anything from the laundry to the dishes when in reality they both knew
that Shae owned her now? That she was more comfortable on her hands and
knees in handcuffs being spanked by Shae than telling her to wash the supper
dishes. Their secret lives were intruding on their real world lives, and it
was not going unnoticed. Petra had noticed the change between her mother and
sister and had asked repeatedly why Angelica insisted on strong discipline
with Petra while Shae could do whatever she pleased. "If Petra only knew."
Angelica thought to herself.

In the 6 days Angelica had been introduced to regular spanking from Shae
and Melissa, often using a hair brush or the cut off end of a broomstick.
Angelica's backside was always very sore and hot but the sensation only made
her hornier. Shae and Melissa also made Angelica lick any surface that they
would rub their pussies on. They often wore high heeled boots that Angelica
would be forced to rub her pussy on as she wore them, but she would be
ordered to stop just short of an orgasm and lick the boots clean. The
humiliation of self stimulation on her Mistress' boots was an incredibly
erotic sensation for her. In exchange for this self degrading behavior both
Melissa and Shae would fuck their slave raw when they choose to do so, but
only when Angelica had been throughly denied orgasm to the point of
exploding with desire. Melissa and Shae carefully dolled out the orgasms as
though they were very expensive. Sometimes allowing her to only have one
before tying to the bedposts and going to take a bath by themselves. All the
while leaving all the doors open so that she might hear their sexual joy,
but not participate. Strangely, she found herself enjoying the denial, it
made the resultant orgasm under the watchful eye of her Mistress' even
sweeter and more intense.

With a jolt, Angelica's mind came racing back to the present. She was about
to have an incredible orgasm. Her first of the day. Earlier in the day she
had been tied to the chair with one hand and allowed to play with herself
with the other hand as she watched her Mistress' making love to one
another..... but she was NOT allowed to cum. She was ordered by Melissa to
stop short of orgasm and maintain a perpetual state of arousal. The orgasm
gripped her with such intensity that she stopped moving altogether, only the
constant thrusts of Melissa behind her kept her moving the strap on dildo
into her daughter beneath her. Her eyes shut tight, a tear of joy ran down
Angelica's  cheek.

"Oh my God!!!!! Mistresssssssssssssssssssssssssss!!! OHHHHHHHH!!!!"
Angelica yelled as she collapsed in orgasm. Beneath her, Shae was also madly
humping against her mother with her legs wrapped around Angelica's waist,
her leather boot heels digging into her wanton mothers ass cheeks. Angelica
luxuriated in the sharp pains it caused her combined with the ecstasy of her
orgasm, Angelica was lost in a sultry heat that enveloped her, spreading
over her entire body and rewarding her with a massive mind numbing orgasm.

"Sooooo goooood slut......" Shae moaned through a mouthful of her mothers
breast meat. Angelica felt a rush of pride at the approval from her
daughter. There was nothing she wanted more than to please her daughter day
in and day out and if that meant being her sex slave that was what she would
gladly do.

Half an hour later Angelica was putting on her every day clothes and
getting ready to head back to the house. Shae and Melissa had given her
special permission to prepare a special dinner for Shae and Petra that night
as it was Petra's birthday. Shae and Melissa lay sprawled on the bed beside
her, groping one another and kissing deeply, sucking on one another's
tongues.

"Don't get used to this kind of treatment slut," Shae said to her mother as
she fondled Melissa's breasts, "We still own you and you are only getting
the afternoon off because of Petra's birthday."

"I understand Mistress Shae." She responded meekly.

Just then Melissa spoke up, "I can only think of one thing we can give
Petra for her birthday."

Shae looked at her lover with a naughty look, "You think she's ready?" Shae
asked.

Melissa looked appraisingly at Angelica and finally said, "Yes I think both
the slut and Petra are ready for more."

Angelica looked at her two Mistress' and her eyes widened with
apprehension. She too had been expecting this turn of events. It was only a
matter of time before Petra found out about their illicit affairs at
Melissa's house, the place where she ceased to be Angelica mother of two and
became a willing lesbian sex slave mother.

"I think the slut needs to submit to your gorgeous sister. I don't think it
will take a lot of doing really. She is so hot and nasty, look at how easily
she submitted to you sweetie." Melissa told Shae as she nestled the younger
woman to her breast as a mother would to her child. Angelica couldn't help
but feel very jealous but she nonetheless kept her own council.

"Mistress?" Angelica spoke up.

Shae and Melissa both sighed in annoyance at the slut speaking, "What is it
now slut?" Shae asked.

"How am I to seduce my daughter?"

Shae got up off the bed and took her mothers chin in her hand quite
roughly, putting her face barely an inch from her mothers. Shae whispered as
she spoke. "Quite simple really mother, just be your usual slutty self. I
want you to make it quite clear to Petra tonight that she is to take you to
up to bed. Make it crystal clear that she should dominate you as much as
possible. How you do it is up to you but just do it. Understood slut?"

Angelica nodded her head and swallowed hard. She had hoped that she could
keep Petra from being tainted by her slutty submissive nature but Shae and
Melissa wouldn't allow it at all. In her mind she didn't want Petra involved
but her stomach was already feeling butterflies at the thought of seducing
Petra and having both her loving daughters as her mistress'. Finally there
would be no secrets in the house, her lust for her own daughters would be
out in the open and she could be openly dominated in her own house rather
than having to play a proper mom at her house and then have to go next door
to Melissa's to be what she considered her true self, the submissive slut
mother both Melissa and Shae had created. Angelica finally rose to her feet
and walked out of the house to the sounds of Melissa and Shae making love
yet again. This was all Melissa's doing, she knew. Melissa had totally
dominated Angelica and had her way with her from day one. Now she was
manipulating them all into a torrid incestual relationship. Angelica could
have walked away at any time, but she didn't. As much as the thought
disgusted her she knew why she didn't stand up for herself and end it, it
was because she loved being the submissive slut mother. She loved pleasuring
Melissa and Shae 24 hours a day and being treated like a sex slave who
existed for their pleasure. It felt natural, it felt right, and she loved
it. Now all she had to do was seduce her own daughter. She hoped with all
her heart that Petra would be open minded enough to make love to her and
dominate her as she needed to be dominated.

*****

 The rest of the day passed agonizingly slowly for Angelica. She was
counting the seconds before Petra came home. The sex slave mother decided to
dress in her summer attire which was basically a pair of cut off jeans
(Angelica had cut this particular pair of jeans so short that her luscious
ass cheeks could be seen quite easily) and a white T-shirt which was also
cut to reveal her midriff and the sleeves were missing as well. She was
showing as much skin as she possibly could and after a lengthy shower of her
every nook and cranny and a shave of her pussy the lusty mother looked quite
radiant. Petra arrived home at 5:00 P.M. on the nose and Angelica greeted
her with a very strong hug, pressing her own breasts into Petra's, which her
daughter noticed immediately.

"Whoa mom!! You must have missed me." she giggled. Angelica decided the
best thing to do was to treat her daughter as if she was some anonymous
woman she was trying to pick up in a dyke bar and she leaned in close to her
daughter and practically whispered, "I always miss you when you're gone
baby. I've been ignoring you lately and I want to make up for that." Petra
gave her mother a strange look as if she didn't know where all this was
coming from but she seemed to approve of all the attention that Shae would
normally get.

Angelica took Petra by the hand and led her to the kitchen table where
their dinner was waiting. It was apparent that Angelica had set up a
candlelight dinner for them, which Petra was also surprised by. "Is Shae
eating with us mom?"

"No honey, she's over at Melissa's but they;ll be joining us later I
promise." Angelica replied and winked at her daughter.

They sat down to a meal of pasta, salad, and bread sticks which was one of
Petra's favorites. Angelica was too nervous to eat very much however and
poured them both large glasses of wine. She thought the best way to seduce
Petra would be to numb her inhibitions somewhat with alcohol. She didn't
want Petra falling down drunk, she just wanted her a little light headed.
She encouraged her daughter to drink up her wine and then refilled it for
Petra as they ate.

"My little baby has become such a woman." Angelica said as she drank her
wine and encouraged Petra to drink some more.

"I know you see me as a baby still mom." Petra replied as she drank her
wine.

"You're wrong Petra, I see you as very much a woman. A very sexy, beautiful
woman." This caught Petra's attention fully. Her mother was acting strange,
plying her with alcohol and talking to her as if she was trying to pick her
up in a bar or something.

"Are you okay mom? Mid life crisis or something?"

"Just drink your wine sexy." Angelica replied.

Petra did indeed drink her wine. She had by this time finished two large
glasses of it and was being poured another glass by her mother. Soon
Angelica would make her move on Petra. The conversation continued for a few
more minutes and when Petra's third glass of wine was half empty Angelica
made her move. Her heart was beating a mile a minute as she contemplated
when she should become overt with Petra and she knew that it was now or
never.

"You have become such a beautiful woman Petra. No wonder I masturbate
thinking of you." Angelica said. This statement made Petra do a double take
and look at her mother.

"What?"

Without saying another word, Angelica reached across the table and kissed
Petra, who was too stunned to respond. Angelica felt a rush of adrenaline as
she kissed her daughter. The same rush she had felt when she first kissed
Shae sexually. She imagined kissing both of them at once sexually and her
pussy immediately began to drip. The fact that she was wearing no underwear
meant that a damp patch on the crotch of her jeans would soon be visible,
her intentions would very clear to Petra, Shae, and everyone else.

Finally Angelica broke the kiss. Petra was too stunned to speak. "Did you
like that Petra?"

"What did you do that for mom?" She replied. Angelica got up from her chair
and walked across to Petra, her damp patch was now fully visible between her
legs. Angelica ran her hands down over her body in an overtly sexual manner.
She almost came on the spot as she caressed herself in front of her
daughter. Angelica noticed that Petra bit her lip as she watched, seemingly
mesmerized by her mothers actions.

"Isn't it obvious hon? I have needs too you know. Needs only you can take
care of." Angelica said as she unbuttoned her cut off jeans and inserted her
hand into them. She reached down and openly fondled herself as Petra
watched. After a few minutes of fondling herself she pulled her hand out of
her jeans, her fingers were glistening with her own wetness, which she then
licked from her fingers, never taking her eyes off of Petra.

"I think this is wrong." Petra said as she got up to leave. Angelica
stepped in her way, blocking her exit from the kitchen.

"You can do anything you want to me." Angelica said as she rubbed her body
up against Petra's sensuously. "Anything. You can control me. Dominate me.
I'll do anything for you. Anything."

Despite herself, this caught Petra's ear, "Anything?"

"I'd do anything for you or Shae. I'd let you do anything you wanted to
me." Suddenly at the mention of Shae's name Petra seemed to understand.

"Shae? That's why you let her get away with everything. You've been doing
this for her to haven't you?"

Angelica began to dance seductively to non existent music, undulating her
body towards Petra as she spoke in a whispery voice. "Yes baby. Shae does
whatever she wants to me. I want to be that way with you too. I can pleasure
you however you want. Whenever you want, 24 hours a day."

Angelica noticed Petra licking her lips, she was finally getting turned on
now that her inhibitions were numbed slightly by the wine. "If you want me
to beg you baby. I'll beg." Angelica said as she continued her dance
routine, "I'll do anything to pleasure you and you can do anything you want
to me."

"I shouldn't even be considering this. Isn't this incest?" Petra asked,
still unable to take her eyes off of her mothers body. In response, Angelica
once again danced her way close to Petra and reached out and kissed her full
on the lips. This time, Petra returned the kiss somewhat, she even opened
her mouth slightly as they pressed lips. Angelica sent her tongue out and
felt it brush Petra's in response, a jolt of excitement shot up her spine.
Petra was coming around just as she hoped her daughter would. Angelica broke
the kiss and rubbed her body on Petra's, "Yeah baby it is incest but I don't
care. I just want to pleasure you and I don't think it's wrong. You're of
legal age so if you want me, you can have me. I'll be your willing sex
slave."

Petra eyed her mother with suspicion, "My willing sex slave." Angelica
nodded affirmative. "Prove it, beg me for it." Petra replied, she was
obviously on the verge of becoming drunk with power just as Shae did.
Angelica knew that she had Petra now. Her daughter was intrigued with the
thought of making her mom her slave. Angelica stopped dancing and dropped to
her knees.

"Please Mistress Petra. I'm begging you. Please let me be your totally
willing sex slave. I'm begging you. Pretty pretty please? I'll do anything
you want." Petra reached out and grabbed her mother by the hair, yanking it
and her head back. Angelica actually smiled at the familiar sensation. She
had wanted her hair pulled by Petra as Shae did for so long.

"If you really want to be a slave mother, crawl upstairs to your bedroom."
Angelica did so gladly to prove her love and lust for her daughter. Petra
walked behind her mother as she crawled up the stairs. She was becoming more
drunk with power over her mother with every step she took. She watched
Angelica's tight ass wiggle as her mother crawled up the stairs in front of
her. She had always wanted to be with a woman but had never had an
opportunity like this. The thought of sex with and total domination of her
own mother at first made her very uncomfortable, but with the wine lowering
her inhibitions, and the sexy dance her mother did for her, she found the
thought very exciting. Now she too would be able to get the attention from
her mother that Shae was getting and obviously enjoying so much. Her
thoughts strayed to that of her sister, obviously the greedy bitch was
dominating their mother and keeping the secrets all to herself. Now Petra
would get everything she wanted from them as well. Within minutes she was
watching her mother crawling into the bedroom and up onto the large bed.

 Petra stood at the edge of the bed and ordered Angelica over to face her.

"Do you want to be my slut slave mother?" She asked, practically panting
already.

"Oh yes Mistress. Without a doubt in my mind I want it."

For the first time Petra became sexually aggressive with her mother.
Grabbing her mother by the hair, she kissed her mother deeply on the mouth.
Angelica couldn't have been happier that her daughter so easily took to
dominating her. For once she had something before Shae and Melissa did. She
was having Petra before anyone else. The thought made her somewhat dizzy as
both their mouths open and Petra aggressively sought out her mothers tongue.
Angelica readily sent her tongue out to greet Petra's and the two tongues
entwined for what seemed like an eternity to the lusty mother. Finally
though, Petra broke the kiss and pulled her face away from her mothers, her
breath short.

"Do you like that mother?" Petra asked as she licked her lips. Angelica
could only moan an affirmative. This was better than she ever could have
imagined. Then Petra reached out with both hands and pushed Angelica onto
her back on the bed. Angelica simply moaned in appreciation and looked at
her daughter with lust in her eyes.

"Play with yourself for me slut. I want to watch you be a slut." Angelica
couldn't have been happier that Petra called her a slut. She used the same
pet name for her mother that Shae and Melissa used for her and it turned her
on to no end. For Angelica, being called a slut by Petra was a good omen.
Angelica moaned again as both hands went down between her legs and she
spread her pussy lips wide so that Petra could see her. With no traces of
inhibitions, Angelica immediately set about masturbating herself with vigor.
She began rubbing her clit with one hand and fingering her pussy with three
fingers of her other hand. Within seconds she was panting and undulating her
hips on the bed as Petra watched intently and removed her clothing.

"God damn it mother.... I don't know how you did it but you've got me
running like a river."

Angelica smiled at her daughter when she said that. Proud that she made her
daughter so incredibly horny and willing to dominate her. It had worked like
a charm, the three glasses of wine and her sexy dancing had made Petra so
horny it would have made Shae and Melissa proud.

"Any time you want me Mistress, just take me, you own me now."

Petra climbed on top of the bed and crawled over her mother. She stretched
her body out over her mothers and the two women pressed their naked bodies
together. It felt heavenly for both of them. Petra began grinding her body
into her mothers. She especially grinded her hips and crotch into her
mothers. Petra threw her head back and moaned as Angelica immediately began
suckling on her daughters nipples. The two women undulated towards each
other as if their bodies needed to be in constant contact. Both Petra and
Angelica were losing control of themselves, lost in the pleasure of flesh on
flesh. Petra reached out and pushed her mother back by her shoulders to the
bed. Angelica moaned slightly at losing Petra's nipple from her mouth.

"Stop whining mother!!" Petra said, "You'll get what I give you and you'll
fucking like it."

"Oh yes Mistress Petra I will love whatever you give me." Angelica moaned
as Petra climbed up her mothers body and straddled her face, looking down
into her mothers eyes.

"Eat me mother... I mean slut," Petra said correcting herself, "Eat me or I
swear I'll spank you so hard you won't be able to sit down for a week."
Angelica didn't have to be told twice. Or even once for that matter. She
greedily began sucking and lapping at her daughters pussy lips.

"Oh damn it slut!!! You do that soooo good!" Petra exclaimed as she gasped
for air. "Obviously you have a lot of practice at this don't you slut? You
can't get enough can you slut?"

Angelica could only shake her head no in response as her mouth was full
with her daughters pussy and she had no plans on letting go. Only a few
weeks ago she would have thought all of this repulsive, seducing her
daughter and making herself into a submissive slut willing to do all their
sexual bidding, now there was nothing she wanted more, thinking of it
consumed her days now, and to have it all here within her grasp actually
took her breath away. Petra leaned over and grabbed onto the headboard as
her mothers tongue invaded her. It felt like tiny little electric shocks
were being sent up and down her spine as her mother tried with all her might
to get as much of Petra's pussy in her mouth as she possibly could.

"OHHHHHH slut. I love that slut. Don't stop eating me."

Taking the initiative, Angelica reached back with her hand and inserted her
finger in her daughters asshole. She knew Shae and Melissa loved this kind
of treatment and she was eager to find out if Petra was the same. She soon
found her answer as Petra swooned and licked her own nipples as the finger
slid deep into her asshole.

"Ohhh so very good slut." Petra moaned as she rode her mothers face
needily.

"Squeeze my finger with your ass Mistress Petra. Squeeze it hard and feel
it inside you." Angelica exclaimed breathlessly as she forced her mouth from
Petra's pussy for a split second to speak before returning hungrily to her
pussy. Unknown to both of them, Melissa and Shae had snuck into the house
and were now peeking into the bedroom, watching Angelica make a complete
slut of herself They were certainly being given a show now. Shae felt
Melissa's hands roaming her ass freely as they watched Petra rubbing her
pussy all over her mothers face. Petra was really getting into it now they
could tell. They watched as she squeezed her ass muscles tight around her
mothers probing finger and her chest heaved as she approached orgasm panting
and thrashing her head about. There was no doubt in anyone's mind, Petra's
transformation was quick and well manipulated by Angelica. Shae and Melissa
were very proud of her and had a reward all planned out for her.

"OH FUCK SLUT!!! I'M CUMMING ON YOUR SLUT TONGUE!!! TONGUE FUCK ME
SLUT!!!!" Angelica greedily lapped and sucked and nuzzled at her daughters
pussy as Petra came all over her face. Petra collapsed on the bed as
Angelica continued to lick and suck, guiding her daughter through all the
aftershocks and nuances of her orgasms. Finally the orgasm subsided and
Petra lay on top of her trying to catch her breath. That was when Shae and
Melissa walked into the room and discarded their robes revealing thigh high
leather boots and strap on dildos.

"Well slut I see you just can't get enough both your daughters pussies."
Melissa said as she sat on the bed. Petra sat bolt upright with surprise at
being caught but relaxed when she saw how her sister and neighbor were
dressed.

"You did very well slut we are so proud of you." Shae said as she leaned
forward to kiss her mother. Angelica received the lusty kiss with pleasure
as Petra watched with wide eyes. It was one thing to suspect the sexual
relations between her mother and sister but quite another thing to see it
right in front of her eyes. Consumed with lust and breaking taboos, Petra
leaned over and joined the kiss. The three women smiled as they sucked on
one another's tongues and tasted one another's mouths. At the edge of the
bed Melissa rapidly worked her pussy with both hands. Her plan had worked,
all three of them were now lovers and she had them all dancing to her tune.

"Now I think it's time we rewarded the slut don't you Shae?" Melissa asked.
Shae could barely break away from the wanton lusty kiss but she finally
managed to and nodded her head in agreement. Taking her mother by the arms
she dragged her to her feet as Petra climbed off of her and walked over to
Melissa, kissing her deeply.

"I knew you could do it mother. I knew Petra couldn't resist you now that
you are a total slut. As a reward, I'm going to make you rub yourself off on
my boot until you ALMOST cum and then you are going to stop. Then Melissa
and I are going to double fuck you while you eat Petra, what do you think of
that?"

Angelica looked at Melissa kissing Petra and back to Shae, her pussy was
beyond dripping at the prospect of being a total slut for her daughters and
she nodded aggressively. This was almost too good to be true. Shae sat down
on the bed and produced her boot for her mother. As Petra and Shae watched
and kissed and giggled at their mother Angelica got down on her knees and
grabbed onto her daughters leg tightly as she began to rub her pussy against
the soft leather. The sensation was exquisite to say the least. Her pussy
was dripping wet and soon Shae's boot was also glistening wet. Angelica
began to rub her pussy back and forth with more urgency as Petra and Melissa
urged her on.

"Work yourself slut!! Show us what you can do!!" Melissa said as she
grabbed a handful of Angelica's hair and yanked on it slightly. To the
delight of all in the room Angelica smiled as her hair was pulled.

"Yes mother show me what a slut you can be." Petra said as she fondled
Melissa who still had a handful of Angelica's hair. Angelica was now gliding
back and forth on Shae's boot and sweating profusely.

"Oh God Mistress!! It feels so good." Angelica exclaimed as she humped the
leather boot. Shae smiled down at her, "Don't you dare cum slut!! You don't
have our permission yet."

"Mistress it feels so good!!" Angelica panted.

"DO.... NOT.... CUM!!!!" Shae ordered as Angelica thrust her hips back and
forth and up and down, feeling the leather against her dripping pussy lips
and sensitive clit. The sensations were becoming too much for the woman to
bear. She felt orgasm approaching.

"Mistress.... I feel the need to cum....."  Angelica then started
unintelligible noises of need. It was Petra who responded by reaching back
and spanking her mother with all her might on her right ass cheek.

"Do as my sister says slut!! Do not cum!!"

"MMMMM Petra I just knew you would have what it took to show your slut
mother who was boss." Melissa said as she kissed Petra. Petra greedily
sucked on Melissa's tongue as Angelica continued to ride her daughter's
boot. To increase her agony of holding off her orgasm, Shae arched her foot
and pointed the boot slightly upwards so that her instep was lodged in her
pussy, making the slut mother nearly pass out with pleasure and unreleased
orgasm.

"Ohhhh my Godddddddddddddd!!!" Angelica moaned. It didn't help her
situation when Petra reached down and inserted two fingers in her mothers
asshole while Melissa took several swats on Angelica's twitching ass cheeks.

"Mercy mercy!!!!" Angelica cried as she rode the boot with all her might.
Finally she felt her self begin lifted onto the bed from behind by her arms
as Shae lay back on the bed. Petra and Melissa positioned her on top of Shae
and she sank down onto her daughters strap on, feeling it fill her
completely. Being so close to orgasm, Angelica was rapidly losing control of
her body and screamed and began to shake uncontrollably as Shae began to
fuck the dildo into her. With little or no tenderness Melissa crawled in
behind them and entered her neighbor's asshole with her own strap on dildo.
This time Angelica did indeed scream at the top of her lungs with complete
and total abandon as the two women began to fuck into her and Petra stood on
the bed over all of them, standing before her mother and thrusting her hips
at her.

"Eat me slut." Petra said.

Trembling with effort, Angelica obeyed to the best of her ability. Her
mouth engulfed Petra's vagina almost completely to the point where she
thought her jaws would begin to ache. Beneath her and behind her, Shae and
Melissa fucked her holes with complete abandon as Angelica tried with all
her might to move her body up and down and back and forth on Shae and
Melissa's dildos while keeping her mouth on Petra's pussy. It was not easy
but she relished the challenge. She would do anything for these sexy women
and she knew it now. She was meant for this and she would never go back. She
would rub her pussy on any of their boots until she exploded if it would
please them. She was surrounded by all the women she loved and she wanted
nothing more than to exist for their pleasure 24 hours a day seven days a
week. This had to be heaven she thought to herself.

"Oh shit my slut I'm cumming..... drink every drop!!" Petra exclaimed as
she gripped her mother by her hair and grinded her hips into her mothers
mouth. Angelica gratefully drank every drop her daughter would give her. At
the same time Angelica felt orgasm hit her. She gripped Petra's legs tightly
as her entire body was racked with orgasm after orgasm. Nothing she had ever
experienced was as sweet as this. Like a volcano erupting, Angelica lost
complete control of her body as she trembled and shook and screamed straight
into her daughter's dripping pussy.

"Very good slut!!! Show us what a slut you are!!" Melissa said.

"Yes mother let us see what an orgasm whore you are!". Shae said as she
reached up and suckled on her mothers nipples, biting just enough to cause a
little pain with the sweet sensation.

"I love you Mistress'. Thank youuuuuuuuuuuu!!!" She screamed as she came
yet again.

"We love you too mother. You will be our slut forever now." Petra responded
as Angelica fell forward, unable to support herself any longer and kissed
Shae ravenously.

"You're not done slut." Melissa said as she got down on her hands and
knees. "I want Petra and Shae to get on their knees on either side of me and
then you will take our asses with your nasty slut tongue. Pleasure all our
asses at once. Do you understand slut?" Petra and Shae gasped at the nasty
order Melissa gave their sex slave and got down on all fours on either side
of Melissa, kissing one another as the nasty slut mother got on her knees
behind her three mistress' and looked at their asses. In a way, she felt
like a kid in a candy store. She didn't know which one to lick first.
Deciding to work from one side of the other she began with Shae and started
to lick out her daughters asshole. Tasting the sweet taste that emanated
from between her cheeks, Shae immediately began to grunt and growl with lust
as she felt her mothers tongue invade her asshole. Before Shae could cum
however, Angelica moved to the side and spread Melissa's asscheeks and began
her feast anew. Melissa felt the knowing tongue invade her asshole, the very
tongue that found such an act revolting only weeks ago, and she moaned deep
in her throat at the sensation. Angelica made her tongue hard and started to
tongue fuck her very first mistress. Melissa began to hump her asshole hard
against her slut sex slave. Melissa began to feel her orgasm coming on but
before she could follow it through she felt Angelica move over once again to
her other daughter and begin tongue fucking her asshole. Angelica was
treating these three assholes before her as if it were a buffet. Tasting and
tonguing and moving from asshole to asshole. Savouring the taste of every
one. Petra gasped as she felt her mothers tongue invade her asshole.

"Mother!!!!!!!!!" She exclaimed, "Oh shit that feels so fucking good you
slut!!"

One by one Angelica brought each woman higher and higher and closer to
orgasm and then moving on to the next asshole before starting again with
Shae and moving down the line. For her part, Angelica was completely
revelling in being such a nasty dirty slut in front of her own daughters and
of course Melissa. They had truly brought out the needy, submissive slut in
her and she rejoiced in her feast on her mistress' assholes. After a while
she became completely oblivious to whose asshole she was rutting in like a
sex starved dog and confined her senses so that she may concentrate on only
one thing, the anal pleasure that she was giving her mistress'. She couldn't
have been happier pleasing those beautiful fleshy globes that danced under
her rude tongue. She noticed that as she tongued them more and more each
woman began humping her harder and harder, their ass cheeks clenching around
her tongue more and more. All three of them were holding hands and getting
very close to cumming.

Shae was the first to cum. She began to hyperventilate as she began to buck
wildly under her mothers tongue as it snaked deeper and deeper into her
asshole. Angelica guided her daughter through the anal orgasm and moved on
to Melissa who, seconds later, came hard as she humped and pushed her ass
back against her slut slave. Petra was the last to give in to the anal
orgasm. And for Angelica it was the sweetest because she was the newest and
she wanted to make her daughter want her as much as her sister Shae did.
Even after all three women had cum hard Angelica continued to rut between
the ass cheeks of all three women. She couldn't get enough of their
assholes. That was when she felt Melissa's and Shae's hands on her arms and
pulling her off the bed.

"Come with us slut, we are going to mark you as ours." Angelica wondered
what they had in store for her as they guided her down the hallway to the
bathroom. Petra walked beside her mother and her chest was heaving from the
anal orgasm she had received her mother. She was curious as to what her
sister and neighbour had in store for her. Whatever it was, she already knew
she would approve. They led Angelica into the bathroom and slid open the
shower doors. Melissa pulled Angelica inside and put her on her knees.
Angelica, with one hand between her legs stimulating her clit, looked up at
her three Mistress'. Shae and Melissa were smiling wicked smiles.

"What are you going to do to me?"

"Just like I told you my dear. We're going to mark you as ours. We're going
to pee all over you and you will drink as much as possible. Show us all how
much you love us and how far you will go for us." Angelica heard Petra gasp
with shock as Angelica told her mother that they were going to piss on her.
Shae walked over to Petra and kissed her deeply to calm her down. Angelica
noticed that it worked and was very aroused and pleased to see her daughters
in an incestuous embrace. Melissa stepped forward in the bathtub and
Angelica moved her head between Melissa's legs. She didn't know if she was
going to be able to do this but she knew she had to try. She wanted to be a
completely submissive sex slave and she indeed was going to do her best to
drink every drop. Melissa began to grunt as she grabbed her slave by the
back of the head and held her head to her pussy.

Angelica leaned forward and formed her lips into a seal over Angelica's
pussy. A hot spurt of pee shot forth into Angelica's mouth and she
immediately opened her throat and let the hot stream slide down her throat.
A steady stream erupted from Melissa and Angelica did her best to swallow it
all but some escaped her lips and dribbled down her chin and over her
breasts. Angelica realized that this wasn't nearly as bad a thing as she had
imagined and she began to gulp at the pee as Melissa grunted and bucked her
hips towards the wanton slut mother. Even Melissa couldn't help but be
impressed by the willing nature that Angelica had displayed. Only a week ago
she was refusing anal sex with her and now she was not only doing that, she
was drinking their pee!! What a turnaround.

"Very good slut. Now it is time for Shae to mark you as hers."

Shae stepped forward into the bathtub and looked down at her mother and
smiled. Pee dribbling off of her lips and a lusty look on her face, she
never thought her mother looked so beautiful.

"Are you ready mother?" She asked. It was the first time she had referred
to her mother as something other than "slut" since they had begun to
dominate her. "Yes my baby. Give it to me." She said with a warm smile. Shae
stepped forward and pulled her mothers face between her legs and entwined
her fingers in her mothers hair, holding her mouth to her pussy. Once again,
Shae began to grunt and buck her hips at her mothers mouth. Angelica once
again formed her mouth into a seal and opened her throat. Hot spurts of pee
began to shoot down her throat and the wanton mother was drinking her
daughters pee and found herself loving every second of it. Shae groaned as
she released the hot stream into her mothers mouth. Angelica felt the hot
pee filling her stomach.  She gulped steadily as the pee streamed down her
throat with only a few more droplets escaping her mouth and dribbling down
her chin. Before long, the pee stream abated and there was only one woman
left. All three of them looked at Petra. Who had watched the whole peeing
episode with wide eyes and a shocked look on her face.

"Well honey. Do you want to pee on me?" Angelica asked from her position on
her knees in the bathtub.

"Do you want me to mom?" She asked.

"Yes honey I do. I want to show you how much I love you. I want to be a
slut for you."

Shae and Melissa walked over to Petra's side and each kissed her
passionately. Angelica felt a pang of jealousy but knew that it was not her
place to be so forward as to kiss her daughter without orders.

"She wants it." They both said to her after they kissed her. Petra slowly
stepped forward into the bathtub, almost slipping on the pee that had made
it to the tub floor, and stepped forward to her mother, who was anxiously
awaiting more hot pee. Without saying a word, Petra reached out and grabbed
her mothers hair, yanking her head between her legs with more force than
either Shae or Melissa had, impressing them all. Angelica closed her mouth
around her daughters pussy and awaited the hot pee stream, looking up at her
daughter and winking at her to ensure her that there was nothing at all
wrong with doing what she was doing, she wanted this as much as her
mistress' did. Petra smiled back at her and grunted as the others did as the
hot stream of piss leaped forth from her and into her mothers mouth.
Angelica made a special effort to drink all of the pee that her daughter had
produced. She felt the pee fill her tummy and she rejoiced again as she
showed her daughter exactly how much she loved her. The hot pee stream slid
down her throat as she drank lovingly.

Before long, the episode was over and they had all peed all over the wanton
slave mother and marked her as their slave with their pee like a dog would
to a tree. Angelica felt fully satiated now as she had become a sex slave
for both of her girls and the oh so tantalizing Melissa. Even as she licked
her lips she knew that Melissa would be moving into the house and the entire
house would be made over into a sexual free for all 24 hours a day. Nothing
could have made her happier than that thought.

Next:
Act 4: The More The Merrier




Act 4: The More The Merrier


Angelica's head was spinning with a euphoria that could only be caused by
complete and total sexual ecstasy. Every day that had passed since she had
submitted herself as a sex slave to her daughters and next door neighbor she
thought that she had finally achieved the complete orgasm. She remembered
the first time she had submitted to Shae and Melissa in Melissa's bedroom
and the spanking she had received from the two women followed by an
incredible three way that involved not one, but two double headed dildos
going inside her, one in her ass and one in her pussy, and fucking her two
lovers with them. Then she remembered seducing her other daughter Petra
under Shae and Melissa's orders and doing a very sexy dance in front of her
in the kitchen. She remembered Petra becoming drunk with power over her
wanton slut mother and making her crawl to the bedroom as Petra watched her
mothers ass wiggle as she climbed the stairs heading toward the bedroom.
Then she remembered taking two strap ons from Shae and Melissa as she ate
her daughter Petra. Finally, images of her daughters and Melissa stepping up
to her as she kneeled in the bathtub and then peeing in her waiting and
willing mouth flashed past her eyes. Each time she had experienced these
sexual highs she thought there was nothing that could ever top these orgasms
given to her by her daughters and next door neighbor. Even after remembering
all those moments of sexual highs...... nothing was better than what she was
doing now. Nothing felt as good as the sexual escapades she was engaged in
now.

Angelica was in her favorite position, the position she felt she was born
to be in, on her hands and knees, now in her own bedroom rather than over at
Melissa's house. There was no need to hide her submissive slut nature from
any member of her family any more. From her sensitive asshole and even more
sensitive twitching pussy, the beautiful mother had the now standard length
of double headed dildo inside her. On the other end of each dildo was Shae
and Petra. Petra was positioned on all fours on top and Shae lay underneath
her. Face to face, each girl thrust with all her might back at their
mother's hind quarters, Petra bounced her own ass back against her mothers
as the half of the double dildo that was inside her invaded her further. The
sounds of Petra's ass flesh slapping against her mothers was enough to make
any of them cum. Shae convulsed beneath her sister, working the dildo in her
pussy against her mothers pussy. The two sisters kissed passionately,
panting and moaning into one another's open mouths, feeding on each others
breaths. Angelica couldn't quite hear her daughters moans and pants and
curses though, as she had her own face buried between her first Mistress'
thighs. The beauteous and fierce next door neighbor Melissa had her hand
clasped firmly around Angelica's long pony tail, tugging the submissive slut
by the hair, forcing Angelica's tongue further and further into her dripping
wet cunt.

It quickly became standard practice for Angelica to put her long hair into
a ponytail at all times. All the girls enjoyed grabbing the slave mother by
her hair and pulling it so that her tongue would go further into their
waiting orifices or so they might guide the slave's face wherever they
wanted it to go.... which was usually between their legs. They also liked to
share their mother as if she were a cheap bottle of wine when it came to
passionate kisses. Just the other morning, Angelica kissed Shae deeply at
the breakfast table, only to have Petra's hand replace Shae's on her
ponytail and guide the wanton mother from Shae's lips to her own. The mother
greedily chewed on Petra's lower lip as the two kissed just as passionately
as Shae and her mother had. Finally, after a long and passionate kiss with
her other daughter/Mistress she felt Melissa's strong slender fingers
replacing Petra's on her ponytail and yanking her from her Petra's lips over
to her own. Angelica loved the sensation of being pulled around by her
ponytail and volunteered to keep it in that fashion forever. Melissa, Shae,
and Petra all immediately agreed to the idea and told their slave to indeed
keep her hair in a ponytail whenever she was in 'slave mode' in the house.
Only one time did the slave slut forget to put her hair up in a ponytail and
was reprimanded with a hair brush spanking. Needless to say she never forgot
again, even if she did smile broadly with each swat of the hairbrush against
her ass cheeks. Angelica sometimes sought out her punishment, defying her
daughters will so that she might feel the hairbrush against her ass. She
finally admitted to herself that she enjoyed the spankings every now and
then, but she didn't want the girls to find about her secret enjoyment of
the spanking ritual or they might stop doing it to her. Angelica often left
her hair in a ponytail when she went out as well as it made her feel proud
and reminded her of her position in life, that of a lesbian sex slave
mother, when she was out and about in the city, she knew she was still a
lesbian sex slave mother at heart and always would be.

"Fucking eat me you bitch slut!!" Melissa hissed as she tugged harder on
her slave's ponytail. "This is as good as it could ever be." Angelica
thought to herself, "Nothing can ever top this. Nothing could ever feel as
good." She found herself saying this out of habit, knowing that every time
she had thought that her Mistress' could never top the sexual high she was
always proven wrong. She hoped that this sexual high would be topped.... but
she had no idea how they ever could. The slave mother had found on the past
several days that she had a very needy and wanton tongue that without doubt
absolutely needed to be lapping at a clit or an asshole or sucked into a wet
warm mouth. Something about her made her need to use her tongue on her
daughters. The girls quickly recognized their mothers need to use her tongue
and quickly exploited it, making sure that the needy mother always had a
waiting pussy, asshole, or tongue to suck on and threatening her with severe
punishment when she misbehaved, threatening to take her tonguing privileges
away. It was a simple and effective exploitation of her weakness, making
sure that the slut mother behaved herself simply by threatening to take away
her opportunity to use her needy slut tongue on their bodies.

Behind her, Angelica heard her daughters moan into each others mouths as
they kissed. Without a doubt the two beautiful women were fast approaching a
simultaneous orgasm. Petra increased the strength with which she thrust
backward at her mother as Shae undulated her rippling body even more
underneath her, causing the dildo in her pussy to send a tremendous jolt of
pleasure throughout both their bodies. Angelica moaned into Melissa's spread
cunt. Despite the incredible sensations that ran up and down her body from
the dildos that invaded both her asshole and pussy, she had another task at
hand and that task was to use that needy tongue on Melissa. Her tongue
swabbed out the beauteous Mistress, going exactly where the demanding woman
wanted it to go. Again she felt the yank on her ponytail and redoubled her
efforts as she confronted the pulsating clit before her. Melissa was panting
with joy, her eyes open wide and staring straight at the ceiling.

"Oh fuck slut!! Oh FUCK!! Oh FUCKKKKKKKKKKKKKK!!!" Melissa was almost
there, and to aide her orgasm Angelica reached out and started to tug on the
string of anal beads that she had inserted in Melissa's asshole only moments
before, immediately this sensation of anal beads moving in her asshole sent
her over the edge, wailing and panting as she pulled on the ponytail. "You
SLUTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT!!!" There was nothing Angelica enjoyed more than
making all her Mistress' come at once and she knew that Melissa going over
the edge would bring her daughters over the edge into orgasmic bliss as
well, she was correct.

"Shae!!" Petra moaned, "I'm...... I'm..... I'm cumminggggggggggggg......
Fuck oh fuck oh fuck oh fuck I'm cumminnnnnnnnnnnn!!!!"

"Oh babyyyyyyyyy me toooooooooooooooooooooooo...... I'm cumming with you
babyyyyyyyyy!!" Shae moaned into her sisters mouth. Attempting to give her
daughters everything she could, Angelica moved her hips as much as she
could, sending the most erotic sensations possible through the dildos to her
daughters genitals. Meanwhile, she continued to lick, lap, and slurp at
Melissa's now dripping wet pussy as Melissa grinded her sexy hips toward
Angelica's mouth. Angelica greedily slurped and licked, trying to get as
much of her neighbors pussy in her mouth as she possibly could. This was it,
the moment where she managed to get all three of them off at once. They were
all now writhing and moaning and panting in unison as orgasms gripped them
tightly and refused to let go. She had never experienced a prouder moment in
her entire life, never had she been more fulfilled. Realizing this, the
wanton slut slave mother felt her own orgasm begin. Like the other big ones
she had experienced, this one began in the depths of her pussy and blossomed
quickly throughout her hips and over her chest and down through her legs,
causing her to curl her toes. The heat swelled throughout her body and her
muscles tightened up as her entire body seized. She had no control over her
bodily functions any more. This was it, the best orgasm yet. She had no idea
sex could be this intense.

Suddenly she felt something she had never felt before, as her pussy burst
forth with a spray of female juices, the dildo in her pussy expelled itself
as she exploded like uncorked wine, spraying her daughters behind her with
her cum. She had heard of orgasms so deep that it caused a woman to expel
fluid like a man, but she had never experienced such a thing. Now she knew
what Heaven felt like. Shae and Petra were still in the throes of orgasm
when the dildo slipped from their mother and she ejaculated fluid over their
legs and backsides. Even Melissa, who was still coming, felt her eyes widen
and strained to look up over Angelica's backside to get a glimpse of the
slut mothers fluids ejaculating.

"MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM" Was all Angelica could muster as she felt herself
lose complete control of her body. Still, she was proud of the fact that she
never stopped working her needy tongue in Melissa's dripping cunt, surely
the sign of a good slave was that she never stopped eating pussy even though
she was in the depths of the most depraved, consuming orgasm of her entire
life. Behind her, Petra and Shae still moaned and writhed as they caressed
one another and shared a deep, passionate, incestuous kiss.

"OHHHHHHHHHH God what a fuck!" Petra moaned.

"Oh yes...." Shae said between deep kisses, "So damn good. The slut fucks
us so good."

On the other end of the bed Melissa piped in as well as she enjoyed the
aftershocks Angelica was giving her. "I told you both time and again that
your slut mother was made for this, now you can finally see what I mean.
Just look at her and you can see I'm right."

Angelica had her eyes clamped shut, her mouth hanging open and her tongue
running repeatedly over her bottom lip. It was obvious to Melissa that their
slave was still enjoying aftershocks from the intense orgasm that racked her
body, mind, and soul. Slowly Angelica's two daughters detached themselves
from the double headed dildos and crawled around on the bed so that they
could see their mother. Sure enough, she was still twitching, her eyes shut
tightly and her tongue running over her bottom lip.

Unable to resist her sexy mother and her gorgeous afterglow, Shae didn't
care if she disturbed her slave/mother and pressed her lips to her mothers,
forcing her tongue down Angelica's throat. Angelica was almost oblivious to
the kiss, but still managed to respond and entwined her own tongue with her
daughters as tiny little aftershocks exploded throughout her entire body.
Consumed by lust, Petra moved her face in and thrust out her tongue to her
sister and mother. Shae guided her in and soon the three women were engaged
in a slutty three way kiss as Melissa strummed her clit and watched with
glee. She had no idea that guiding this entire family into an incestuous
relationship would be so easy but it had been. She loved Angelica she knew
that, but Melissa's love was unlike most women's. She enjoyed controlling
her every move, it was her way of proving to Angelica how much she cared for
and loved her. Melissa also often fantasized about Angelica's hard bodied
daughters and what they would look like making love to one another as well
as their mother and herself. Now, she had what she wanted. All three women
were hers to love in her special way. Overcome with a lusty feeling all her
own, Melissa brought her face in to the other women and sent her tongue out,
immediately they all guided her in and the three way kiss became a wanton
four way kiss, tongues flittering everywhere. None of them imagined that
anything could feel better than this. After almost ten minutes of sucking on
each others tongues, the four women collapsed on the bed, completely spent.
To their amazement, Angelica was still not speaking, her eyes still not open
as she continued to experience intense aftershocks. Shae laughed at her
mothers inability to function as she lay there staring at the ceiling and
running her hands over Petra and Melissa, as their hands roamed her body.

Finally, Melissa broke the silence, her weak husky voice rising over the
contented sighs of the other three women. "What did we ever do to pass the
time before we made the slut our slave?" She asked as she reached out and
caressed Angelica's breasts lovingly. Petra answered that.

"You kept her to yourself all day over at your house you greedy bitch."
Both Shae and Melissa giggled at that remark.

"And then Melissa and I had her secreted away for a while before you found
out about us sweetie. We spent hours and hours over there cumming and using
her." Shae added as she also reached out and caressed her mothers breasts
and then down her body lovingly to her ass cheeks.

"Well I'm glad you finally clued me in sis, I can't think of a better way
to spend my time than using this beautiful slut for out pleasure." Like the
other two, Petra reached out and began to caress Angelica's body. For her
part, Angelica still hadn't opened her eyes, but feeling the three sets of
hands caressing her, she smiled and was almost purring like a kitten. She
knew that she shouldn't speak without being spoken to so she merely nestled
her head against Shae's breasts and pressed her body against Petra's warm
back. They loved her, without a doubt in her mind. They may dominate her but
it was obvious that she wanted them to. If she felt uncomfortable with the
domination she could have always walked out, but she not only wanted this
treatment, she actually needed it. It was moments like this, after an
intense and torrid session with all three of her mistress' as they petted
and caressed her like a beloved pet, that made her feel oh so loved and
proud to be owned by these three beautiful and lust filled women.

"If she was a cat the slut would purring." Petra said as she rubbed her
hands over Angelica's back, practically reading he mothers mind. Angelica
smiled from ear to ear, indicating to her daughters without saying anything
that they were correct. If she was a cat she would indeed be purring, she
was completely content. Melissa leaned in close to her slave and whispered
into her ear, "I'm so proud of you. I love you and so do your daughters."
Being a good slave, Angelica merely opened her eyes and smiled
appreciatively.

After a time the four women completely recovered from the intense pleasure
that they had experienced. It was now late summer, and the heat was almost
oppressive. Still, that did not stop the foursome from locking themselves up
in the house and having sex for every waking hour they could manage. Sweat
poured off their trembling bodies onto the sweat soaked sheets. The girls
didn't mind the heat though, in fact they enjoyed the feeling of intense
heat as they made love, it added a special taste to each others bodies. Both
Petra and Shae had admitted that they enjoyed the salty taste of sweat with
their cum and spittle. It didn't take long for the women to start sweating
when they were in each others presence in the house, for they were usually
working their way to orgasm. For now, Angelica knew it was time to bathe her
Mistress'. She crawled on her hands and knees off of the bed and to the
bathtub. She climbed in and got up on her knees as Shae, Petra, and Melissa
followed her in, each one with a glassy look in their eyes. One by one each
Mistress stepped into the bathtub and pulled the slave by her ponytail to
their crotches. Angelica formed a tight seal with her lips around each girls
pussy lips in turn, and each girl in turn began grunting as they peed into
their slave's waiting needy mouth. Angelica opened her throat and let the
hot stream slide down her throat and into her stomach. The first was Petra,
who was at first reluctant to pee into her mothers mouth, but had become the
most fervent lover of water sports with her mother. She enjoyed more than
any of the other girls watching her mother trying furiously to swallow every
drop of her pee. Angelica didn't let a drop of her fluids escape her lips.
Then Shae followed her sister and smiled wide as she filled her mothers
stomach with her pee. Finally there was Melissa, who had just whispered to
her how much she loved her. Melissa smiled softly at her slave, which was
uncharacteristic for her. Angelica made a special effort to smile at Melissa
as she drank her lovers pee down into her tummy, her hands delicately
massaging Melissa's ass cheeks as she drank.

Finally the deed was done and Angelica began to fill the bathtub and put in
the scented bubble bath. Now that she had done everything she could to get
her Mistress' off and finished the session by drinking their pee, it was
time for her to bathe them. The three girls squeezed into the (thankfully
large) bathtub and sat down. Angelica soaped up her buxom body and climbed
out onto her knees on the floor with a soaped up sponge. She began to
lovingly clean the three women, massaging their aches with her soapy
slippery hands, and running the sponge over their breasts, stomachs, and
between their legs as Shae, Petra, and Melissa kissed passionately. Angelica
loved this time after her sessions with her daughters and neighbor, for this
was when they usually came up with new ways to fuck her and pleasure her....
and for new and exotic ways to show their dominance over their mother,
showing her how much they adored her by completely dominating her every move
and controlling her sexually.

"MMMMMMMMMM, the slut takes such good care of us." Shae moaned, she was now
as content as her mother had been earlier, almost purring with contentment
as the soap and wet flesh surrounded her. Petra was the first to agree,
breaking off of a kiss with Melissa before she spoke.

"I couldn't agree more sis. I've never enjoyed myself more than in these
past few weeks making her our bitch."

Angelica whimpered in appreciation of the kind comments being said about
her and licked her lips as she squeezed the sponge and let the water splash
over Petra's back.

"You know something? I think it's time we gave the slut a constant reminder
that she belongs to us." Melissa spoke up as Shae and Petra kissed. Without
breaking the kiss, Shae spoke directly into her sisters mouth. "What do you
mean Melissa? You sound like you have something in particular in mind for
our slut."

"I do my sweet," Melissa responded, "I think it's time your slut mother
gets branded like cattle. A tattoo on her body that marks her as our
property." Immediately the two sisters perked up, devilish smiles blossoming
on their faces. Angelica also became quite alert, how would Melissa pull
this off? Didn't getting a tattoo hurt? How could she hide her submissive
slut nature with a tattoo on her body? What would the tattoo be? Melissa
noticed their slave perking up, her eyes wide with wonder and more than a
bit of apprehension. Melissa smiled and reached out of the bathtub, slapping
Angelica on the ass with a soapy hand and splashing water across the tiled
floor.

"I have a friend that works in an S&M shop downtown. She does tattoos and
I've known some women who tattoo their slaves to make sure they always have
a reminder on their body that they are owned. I can get her to come over to
the house and tattoo your mother. She need never know that you are her
daughters. Even if she did find out, I think she's seen much stranger things
than this in her time."

Shae and Petra didn't even have to consider the idea, both immediately
shouted out "Yes!" and asked when the beautiful vixen could arrange such a
thing.

"I have to arrange a few things but probably later today. I think we should
test the slut and have a bit of fun with her until then. What do you girls
think?" Of course, they immediately agreed, asking what Melissa had in mind.
Melissa turned her attention toward Angelica, who had stopped cleaning her
girls and was merely stunned that they were actually going to tattoo her.
She was apprehensive, frightened, excited, and turned on all at once. Oh how
she loved this!

"Slut,  leave us and clean the house while we discuss how you will be
tested and played with. Change the sheets on the bed and wash the sex toys."
Angelica bowed her head "Yes Mistress Melissa." and with that crawled out of
the bathroom on hands and knees and shut the door as the girls whispered
conspiratorially, punctuated by giggles as the girls discussed her fate.
Once the door had closed Angelica rose to her feet and padded down the
carpet to the bedroom. She immediately went about stripping the sweaty
sheets off the bed and the pillowcases. Rolling them up into a ball she then
went to the linen closet and brought out some fresh linen. Even though
Angelica was now a lesbian sex slave mother, her duties around the house had
increased. The responsibilities for cleaning the house and making sure it
was presentable fell completely to her. Her daughters never helped her,
housework was a slave job. Angelica also did all the cooking for her girls,
running around the kitchen and the rest of the house almost completely nude
as she dusted and vacuumed, her pussy always wet, always read for a torrid
fuck at a moments notice from any of the three women that controlled her
life. Angelica had also arranged to sign over complete control of her bank
accounts and the ownership of her house to her daughters, they owned it all
now, as they would eventually anyway... she had left the house and all her
worldly goods to her daughters in her will so what difference did it make if
they got it now or later? Angelica had been sent on regular shopping
excursions on her daughters behalf, going to the local sex shop and
purchasing lingerie and XXX rated lesbian tapes (especially all anal all
lesbian movies) for them all with her credit card. The man and woman at the
counter of the shop began to regard Angelica with an appraising eye as she
was in there sometimes twice a day and never less than once every two days
buying thigh high leather boots and kid gloves for Shae, bustiers and
garters for Petra, sex toys of all kinds and shapes, and XXX rated movies
for Melissa. It was a little humiliating, but still, Angelica enjoyed it.
She could only imagine what the man and woman behind the counter thought of
her and what she was doing with all this sex equipment. If only they knew.

As Angelica put the fresh sheets on the bed, she scented the pillows with
her daughters favorite perfume, Obsession. "How very appropriate" she
thought to herself. When she finally finished making the bed she grabbed a
cloth and wiped the sweat from the sex swing that lay in the middle of the
bedroom and then proceeded to gather up the sex toys that had been strewn
around the bedroom. Various vibrators, thick dildos, strap ons, double
headed dildos, strings of used anal beads, nipple clips, scented edible
lotions, and butt plugs and took them downstairs to the sink where she began
to wash them. Upstairs she heard the moans and groans of her daughters, no
doubt making love again with Melissa and she felt a twinge in her pussy.
Damn she couldn't control these urges of hers! After a morning of incredible
sex and intense orgasms all she had to do was think about those three and
she was dripping wet and ready for more. They even made her ejaculate fluid
today! She had never done that before. She hoped she could do that from now
on, she would love to feed her daughters her endless spray of cum.

After a short while, Angelica had finished cleaning the sex toys and
returned them to the bedroom. She then went to the room next door which had
been Shae and Petra's. It was a small room that used to have a bunk bed and
various posters of The Spice Girls in it. Needless to say, some remodeling
had been done. True to her sex slave status, her Mistress' had made her do
much of the work herself, just as Angelica had installed the three different
sex swings throughout the house (one was in the bedroom, one in the living
room, and one in the TV room) Angelica removed the bunk beds from the room
and replaced it with a small single bed. The walls were completely covered
with XXX rated pictures of girls on girls. Pictures of women of all races
and colors doing each other in the pussy, ass, and anywhere else they could
imagine covered every possible inch of the room. There must have been
literally thousands of lesbian centerfolds covering the walls. The closets
were empty, the slut slave needed no clothes other than the few everyday
clothes she used for work and her lingerie, all of which was kept in
Mistress Petra's closet in the master bedroom. The rest of her clothes had
been given to charity. The only other thing in the room was a small TV and a
VCR on a stand. There was no cable to satellite connection, Angelica could
only watch tapes on the VCR. Of course, she had been given a copious supply
of XXX rated lesbian porno tapes that she would watch at all times when she
was in the room. Angelica was to wait in this room until she was called by
her daughters. The trick was, it was mandatory that she watch these movies
whenever she was in the room, but she was not allowed to touch herself at
any time in a sexual manner. It was a sweet torture to be sure, as whenever
she spent any amount of time in the room, Angelica always emerged dripping
wet and ready to fuck any way her daughters and Melissa wished.

Angelica lay back on the cot and grabbed the remote control, thumbing some
buttons and watching the screen come to life. Instantly, an image of four
well endowed women filled the screen. Their bodies covered in some kind of
oil, they licked and probed and fucked one another breathless. Instantly
Angelica's pussy began to twitch, she already found herself feeling wanton
and horny. She knew that by the time her daughters came to get her, she
would be ready to do anything.

Angelica thumbed the remote and turned up the volume, the sound of the
women on her television filled the room. Consequently, she did not hear the
door open, allowing Shae and Petra access to her room to hear the television
blaring the arrogant rock guitar theme as the women continued to bring one
another off. Angelica was watching the television with rapt attention as
Shae reached around and tugged on the ponytail to get her mothers attention.
Immediately Angelica felt the tug and leaped to her feet. Realizing that her
daughters were the ones in the room she immediately dropped to her knees and
lowered her head as she was accustomed. Shae took her mothers chin in her
hand and lifted her head so that her mother may look directly in her eye.
Angelica felt her head being lifted and looked up to see Shae smiling at her
with her customary devilish grin, she was holding one of her own thong
bikini's in her hand, letting it dangle seductively.

"Put this on, we're taking you to the beach." Shae said.

"Mistress, may I ask a question?" Angelica said.

"Yes you may."

"Your bikini is too small for me, you are a goddess and I am not. I am
older and have a bigger figure. Should I not wear one of my own?"

Shae and Petra smiled at one another. " That's why we want you to put mine
on rather than one of your own. We want you busting out all over." They
laughed as she dropped the flimsy bikini in her mothers face. Arm in arm the
two sisters left the room.

Angelica immediately stood and started to put on the bikini. It was indeed
too small, and there wasn't much there to begin with. The bottom of the
bikini was a thong, the thin strip nestling itself between her asscheeks and
immediately causing Angelica some wicked sensations between her legs. The
front part offered only a small patch of fabric that barely covered her
pubic area. Luckily, she was always shaved clean between her legs. The
bottom was held together by a tie on each hip. The top was also too small
and pushed her breasts up and out, Angelica had to admit that it made her
breasts look incredible sexy and her entire body look good. She looked like
a woman out to show off her body to the world. She knew that this was
intentional, just what did Shae and Petra have in store for her?

Petra came to her room and collected her only a moment later, offering her
mother a pair of high heel shoes, which she immediately donned. Angelica
felt absolutely wicked in her outfit, her body on complete display. Much to
her surprise, Shae was waiting at the end of the stairs and gave Angelica a
large terrycloth robe to put on over it, Petra and Shae then escorted their
mother out to the car. Melissa was nowhere to be found. Dressed in cut off
jeans and T-shirts, the young girls started Angelica's station wagon and
backed out of the driveway. Soon they were driving down the road. They
hadn't driven for more than ten minutes when Petra turned off of the main
road and down a series of side roads before arriving at the local swimming
hole. It was late summer and the heat was unbearable and yet there were only
a few people around. No doubt due to the fact that it was the middle of the
week and many people were still at work or on the freeway on their way home.
Shae and Petra scanned the area until they found what they were looking for.
On the beach were a few children , two couples, a lifeguard, and behind one
tree, two young teen girls were sunbathing, lying on their stomachs, their
tops undone as they tanned. Petra pointed at the young girls as she watched
them with a pair on binoculars she had brought along.

"There Shae. They'll do nicely." Petra said.

Shae took the binoculars from her sister and focused them on the two
sunbathing teens. Immediately she smiled widely. "Yes they'll do very
nicely." She then turned to her mother/slave and pointed at the young girls
on the beach.

"Ok slut here is your mission, and you have no choice but to accept it. See
those two girls down there sun tanning? You are to go down there and show
off you body to them. They are behind a tree so you can get a bit of
privacy. I want you to get their attention and then masturbate as they watch
you. We want you to play with yourself as they watch and show them how dirty
and nasty and sexy you are. Do you understand?"

Angelica immediately felt her pussy flood with juices, no doubt creating a
damp spot on her bikini bottoms that soaked the entire patch of cloth. "What
if they don't like it Mistress Shae."

Petra answered that quickly enough, "They'll like it slut. They'll like
you. You'll make them love it."

Shae nodded in agreement with her sister and kissed her mother on the lips
for good luck and opened the car door. "As soon as you get down there take
off the robe and give them a show. We'll be watching from the car with the
binoculars." She said as she handed her mother a large beach towel.

Angelica nodded her understanding of her assignment and blew a kiss to her
Mistress/daughters, who immediately returned the kiss. Angelica had a very
hard time walking through the sand in her high heels but before too long she
was watching the young girls from behind the tree. As silently as she could,
the sex crazed mother walked around to the other side of the tree and
regarded the two teenagers. They were both blondes, and each had athletic
bodies.

"Cheerleader material if I ever saw it." Angelica thought to herself as she
spread out the beach towel on the beach and sat down on it. Her eyes never
leaving the supple backs of the beautiful young girls. Had she really become
so submissive and sex obsessed that she would simply masturbate in front of
two complete strangers? Was she that depraved that she would put on a sex
show for two young ladies she had never met in a semi public place just
because her demanding daughters instructed her to? Apparently, the answer
was yes. Angelica cleared her throat in order to get the girls attention.
The one closest to her looked up and saw Angelica in her tiny bikini.

"Oh hi." She said with a smile. Angelica noticed that the young girl's eyes
roamed her body for a few seconds, obviously noticing her buxom form packed
into the bikini that was a few sizes too small. Angelica smiled in return.

"Hi. It's a beautiful day. Do you mind if I sit here by you?"

"Not at all. My name is Lisa. This is my friend Jody." She said as Jody
mumbled a hello, the girl was almost asleep in the heat and fresh air.

"Nice to meet you both." Angelica wondered if she should give her real name
to the girls and decided against it. "My name is....... Jenna." She picked
the name of one of her favorite porn stars, Jenna Jameson.

Lisa smiled and lowered her head back to the ground, assuming that the
conversation was only going to consist of pleasantries, the girls were
serious sun worshipers. Angelica cast a glance back to the station wagon
where Shae and Petra were watching her, both girls waved her on, indicating
that she should get on with it.

"No time like the present." She whispered to herself. Angelica took a quick
glance around the beach, thankfully there were few people present. Well over
100 feet away were two couples, they were also lying on their backs tanning
themselves. A few children were beyond them playing with a frisbee in the
water. And beyond that, a man was walking his dog in the opposite direction
on the beach. Summoning her courage while feeling her face and chest turn
bright red, Angelica pulled the fabric of her bikini bottom aside and spit
into her other hand. She brought the spittle laden hand down to her pussy
and began to rub it all over her pussy lips. Almost immediately she began to
breathe heavier, catching the ears of the teens beside her, and yet they
didn't look at her. Angelica knew they dismissed the sound as a trick of the
ear, and she therefore began to pant and breath even heavier, a small moan
escaped her lips as she stared straight at the two young girls. Finally,
Lisa directed her attention toward Angelica. Immediately her eyes widened in
shock as she saw the buxom mother, her legs spread and her bikini bottom
moved aside, vigorously rubbing her cunt.

"Oh my Goddddddddddddddd......"

Back in the station wagon, Petra was looking at her beautiful mother on the
beach through the binoculars and licking her lips sensuously. Beside her,
Shae fidgeted in her seat and strained her eyes to see what was transpiring.

"Come on let me look now." Shae said.

"Not yet, damn she is sexy." Petra responded. Shae smiled and reached out,
placing her hand between Petra's legs and beginning to massage her through
her cut off jeans. "Well? Can I have the binoculars now?"

Petra smiled but never took her eyes away from the binoculars. "Keep doing
that and I'll cum, then I'll give them to you."

Shae smiled in appreciation of her sisters beauty and began to expertly
massage between her sisters legs. Petra began to grind her hips toward her
sisters knowing hand.

Back on the beach, Angelica locked her gaze with Lisa's. The young teen was
shocked speechless for a moment as she witnessed the act of depravity before
her. Angelica shamelessly inserted two fingers into her pussy and began
pistoning them in and out of herself. All the while she never took her gaze
from the young teen. When Angelica opened her mouth and spit on her now
exposed nipples, the sound of her spitting made the dozing young Jodi's ears
perk up and she finally lifted her head in search of the sound. Angelica
watched as her eyes also widened in shock as her eyes registered the slut
slave mother working herself into a frenzy.

"Lady what the fuck are you doing?" Jodi asked.

"I'm making myself feel good." Angelica responded as she panted and moaned
with each new twinge of pleasure in her pussy. "Do you like what you see?"
She asked the duo.

Jodi and Lisa looked at one another incredulously. Was this woman insane?
Angelica felt the heat in her face spread out over her neck and down over
her chest. God this was embarrassing!!! But God it was exciting!!! Angelica
felt her own spittle run down her breast and over her erect nipple, she
reached out with her free hand and began to work the spittle around her
nipple. For the first time since she began masturbating Angelica broke her
gaze with the young girls as she lifted her breast up to her mouth and began
to suck and chew on her own nipple. A moan escaped her lips which she barely
suppressed so others couldn't hear.

Despite what she was doing, the two blonde teens had not reacted past a
shocked silence. She had completely captured their attention. She felt so
nasty and slutty, so secy and beautiful all at the same time. Being stared
at by two beautiful young women as she worked herself into a frenzy was
truly a sexual high. She would have to remember to thank her daughters and
Melissa properly for thinking up such a wonderful exercise for her.

"Fuck baby sister I'm cumminnnnnnnnnnnnnn........" Petra bit her lips and
squeezed her eyes shut as the combined stimulus of Shae's knowing fingers
and her mothers masturbation show sent her over the edge and into a stunning
orgasm. As she suddenly became weak, Shae grabbed the binoculars from her
hand and focused them on her slut mother. As she expected, their mother had
thrown herself into the task with all of her sexual energy, which was
certainly plentiful. Petra slumped back in the car seat, momentarily spent
as Shae watched her mother work her clit.

"Come on....." she whispered as if her mother could hear her. "Show them
how much you love asshole too."

On the beach, Angelica stopped sucking her own nipple and spread her legs a
little further. Reaching around behind her leg, the wanton slut inserted her
long index finger directly into her anus, once again her eyes locked on the
two young teens as she moaned in appreciation of the pleasure in her body.

Jodi held up a hand and shook her head. "Whatever the hell you're smoking
bitch..." she was interrupted by Lisa's hand covering Jodi's mouth, cutting
her off.

"Shhhhhhhhhhhhhh. You'll attract attention to her. This is our show." Lisa
said as she turned her gaze back to Angelica and smiled appreciatively.
Angelica returned the smile and inserted another finger in her asshole,
eliciting yet another moan. To her delight, Lisa also moaned in appreciation
of the show she was being given. Jodi merely looked on at Angelica and her
friend Lisa, wondering what would happen next.

"Don't be shy." Angelica panted. "Make yourself cum too baby." Lisa pointed
to herself as a surprised look crossed her face. Angelica nodded saying that
she wanted to see the young girl masturbate as well. Lisa sat bolt upright
and for the first time Angelica saw the teen girls perfect breasts. God she
was a vision. This only fueled Angelica's passion more and her fingers were
now glistening with free flowing pussy juices. Behind them Jodi placed her
head on Lisa's shoulder and looked over her shoulder at the whole affair as
it unfolded. Angelica noticed that Jodi was indeed reaching up and massaging
her own breasts. So!!! The young slut was more interested in the
masturbation play than she had at first seemed!!!

"Cum with me." Angelica panted. Lisa had by now moved aside her own bikini
bottom and spread her legs, the soles of her feet pressed Angelica, whom she
was facing. She was almost a mirror image of the slut mother before her.
Lisa's young pussy was now fully exposed and she was rapidly working two
fingers in and out of herself. Her gaze locked onto Angelica's. Angelica
watched with glee as young Jodi reached around and began to massage Lisa's
thighs, assisting her in her quest for orgasm. Jodi began to kiss and lick
the exposed neck of her young friend, murmuring quiet encouragement.

"Cum Lisa." Jodi whispered, "Cum baby. Cum you sweet thing. I've wanted to
feel you cum since I first met you."

Angelica swooned at the words, knowing that she had assisted these two
young things in finding their lesbian tendencies made this assignment even
sweeter. How proud her daughters must be of her now!! Indeed, back in the
car Shae smiled from ear to ear as she saw the two young teens begin to let
go of their inhibitions and one of the girls began to assist the other one
in her masturbation. Petra had since fully recovered from her orgasm and
began masturbating her sister much like her sister had done to her. She
masturbated Shae's glistening slit partially because she wanted to make the
girl come and take the binoculars away from her and partially because she
wanted to return the favor her sister had done for her. Aiding her orgasm as
she watched their mother make a complete slut of herself.

"Damn Petra baby that's soooo good. I love you." Shae moaned.

"I love you too my baby Shae." Petra responded in a husky voice.

Angelica was creeping ever closer to orgasm. Jodi and Lisa were now
watching her with rapt attention, licking their lips and unblinking. Lisa
continued to masturbate herself, and Jodi took one of her friends breasts in
her hand and squeezed it while the other reached down between Lisa's legs
and helped her to masturbate. Angelica couldn't take her eyes off of the
young teen girls either, she was as lost in watching them as they were in
her. While she was spellbound by the young girls perfect bodies and their
awakening lesbian tendencies, they were entranced by the sight of this
anonymous older slut who was putting on a sex show for someone she had just
met on the beach. The depravity of the entire act sent her over the edge and
Angelica felt her orgasm approaching. This was different however, she had
not cum since her encounter with her daughters and Melissa earlier when she
squirted fluids. She knew now that she was about to squirt once again, she
could feel it welling up inside her. Nothing could stop it.

"Oh fuck." She said in an almost conversational manner as she worked her
pussy and asshole feverishly. Her orgasms hit her like a physical blow,
causing her to shake and moan louder than she would have liked to in a
public place. She removed her fingers from her pussy and watched the girls'
face as she ejaculated pussy oils from herself, causing the less experienced
girls to gape in amazement and shock.

At that moment, Lisa also came watching the older woman. Jodi moved her
head so that she could kiss Lisa deeply as she came, yet both girls still
glued their eyes to Angelica's pussy even as they kissed one another. Shae
also felt her body wracked with orgasmic bliss as she witnessed the event.
Angelica came in a tidal wave of girl cum, her body wracked with spasms.
Finally, they subsided and she realized she had soaked her towel with her
spray. After she came back down to Earth, she looked at the two girls, they
were locked in a passionate embrace, tongue engaged in sexual swordplay.
"How wonderful." She thought to herself, she felt proud knowing that she had
helped these teens to find one another. Lost in their kiss, Angelica
replaced the bikini around her private parts and got up to leave. She
grabbed the high heel shoes and started to walk away when she felt one of
the girls take her hand. It was Jodi.

"Don't leave. Stay. We'll go back to my mom's place. No one is home we can
fuck all day long."

Angelica smiled a warm smile. "Take her home." She said as she inclined her
head to indicate Lisa. "You two make a beautiful couple." Jodi and Lisa
gazed at one another lovingly, Lisa still in her post orgasmic bliss. "Yes
we do." Jodi responded as she pecked her teen friend on the lips.

"You two have fun. Try everything together." Angelica said as she walked
away over the hot sand.

"Bye bye, we'll never forget you Jenna." Lisa said as she pulled on her
bikini top and took Jodi by the hand, no doubt going back to Jodi's house
for a day filled with first time lesbian experiences and orgasms. In a way,
Angelica envied them, but she was anxious to return home. She had passed her
slave test admirably. When she got back in the station wagon, both Shae and
Petra awarded her with a lecherous three way kiss. Angelica was already
beginning to feel horny again. Damn!! Did her sex drive know no boundaries?

"You did so well slut." Petra said.

"We are proud of you." Shae added.

"This whole test was Melissa's idea." Petra said as they began driving back
home. "She knew you would pass it. She knows what a slut you are. When we
get back she will be waiting with your rewards. You are about to become a
slut slave in every sense of the word."

Angelica could only smile at the though. " I am ready for anything from any
of you my beloved Mistress'. I will do anything for you."

"We know" They said in unison as they laughed.

*****


Within ten minutes they were back at the house and entering through the
main door. Indeed, Melissa was waiting inside, sharing a glass of white wine
with another woman. Melissa was dressed in her usual elbow length leather
gloves, a push up bra, and thigh high leather boots. She wore nothing to
conceal her pubic area. Angelica sometimes wondered how Melissa could wear
such hot leather on a summer day bu then reminded herself that she always
had a slave to lick every drop of her sweat from her body. The woman sitting
with her on the couch was indeed different looking. She appeared to be in
her late twenties and had long coal black hair. Her face was very pale and
her eyelashes long and black. Her lips were full and pouty, they too were
covered with black lipstick. Her outfit was completely black as well.
Angelica searched for a word to describe the girl, and found the word "Goth"
best described her. She also noticed that the girl had several tattoos on
her body, obviously, she was here at Melissa's request to brand Angelica as
a slave. Angelica swallowed nervously as Melissa got up to greet her.
Angelica still couldn't believe that Melissa's pussy was on full display to
this stranger. Melissa kissed her slave passionately and reached around to
undo the ties of her bikini bottom. Immediately it fell to the floor,
exposing Angelica's wet swollen pussy to the strange woman. Shae reached
around and removed the bikini. Angelica immediately dropped to her knees in
front of Melissa the moment she was fully nude. Angelica immediately smelled
the aromatic musky scent from between Melissa's legs and knew instantly that
her original Mistress was very wet. She hoped that she would have her tongue
buried between Melissa's legs very soon.

"You certainly have your slave well trained." The newcomer said as she got
up off the couch.

"Yes the slut follows orders perfectly. She just proved it with some public
nudity on the beach." Shae said.

Melissa stroked Angelica's hair lovingly as she smiled warmly. "I just knew
the slut would perform as expected. I'm proud of you my slave slut. We all
are." Angelica felt a rush of pride swell within her. She had enjoyed the
beach excursion immensely and was also glad that she had done her daughters
bidding.

"This is Olivia my slut." Melissa said. "She works at the tattoo parlor in
the city and is a friend of mine. I've brought her here to brand you as
ours. Now crawl over to the couch and present your ass to her."

Angelica immediately crawled on her hands and knees over to the couch and
jutted her ass out in the air. A daring smile on her face. She wanted this.
She knew she did now and she wanted them to know it. Her fear had
evaporated.

"Ohhhh dying to get started are we?" Olivia said as she brought out her
instruments and pulled up a stool behind Angelica. Angelica merely nodded.

"You've come a long way baby." Melissa said with a laugh.

One hour later:

Angelica stood before the mirror in the bathroom as Olivia kneeled behind
her and angled a hand mirror so that Angelica might see the tattoo on her
ass cheek. Finally she saw it. It was actually quite small, centered on her
right ass cheek. The tattoo was very tasteful indeed. Although the words
were backwards due to the mirror, the second mirror reflected them back to
her so that she could read it. A small heart with six words inside it. It
read:

"Property of Melissa, Shae, and Petra"

At the bottom of the heart was a small padlock dangling from it. Indicating
her slave status.

Angelica's heart swelled with pride. She was a slave. Completely. But her
gifts were not complete yet. Melissa, Shae, and Petra walked into the
bathroom, all smiles. Melissa had a small unmarked plastic bag in her hand.
She reached into it and removed a large studded collar. On the collar was a
small ring for a leash. Angelica noticed that Shae held the leash in her
hand. Melissa reached out and secured the collar around Angelica's neck.
Olivia watched the entire scene with only mild curiosity. She had seen this
type of thing before.

"Slut slave," Melissa began, "You will wear this collar from now on. It
will signify your slave status within this house." Shae reached out and
attached the leash to the collar. "One of us will always have a tight grip
on either your ponytail or this leash, controlling your every move and
giving you orgasms whenever we decide it is necessary. And of course, you
will always exist for out pleasure. Whenever, wherever, and however we want
it. Do you understand and accept you situation slave?"

Angelica smiled proudly, "Absolutely Mistress Melissa. I accept and welcome
my status as the property of Shae, Petra, and yourself, without hesitation,
and without concern."

Melissa smiled with approval, and then she reached into her bag and pulled
out another piece of apparel. Angelica saw that it was a small gold neck
chain. Around one of the links in the chain was a tiny gold plated
decorative padlock. "You will wear your dog collar at all times when you are
in this house, and when you go outside into the world you will wear this
decorative one, to remind yourself that you always belong to us and your
will is our will."

Again Angelica smiled, "I will never need to be reminded of my place
Mistress, but I will wear it proudly as a symbol of my servitude."

"Then you completely submit to our will?" Petra asked.

"Without hesitation Mistress Petra."

At that point, Olivia excused herself and left the house, no doubt knowing
that the foursome would want some privacy for what was to come.

Angelica was put on her hands and knees as Shae led her to the bedroom by
her new leash. She was led to her small room and onto the bed. Melissa
turned on the TV and started the XXX film that she was watching earlier.

"Now slave, for your final gift." Melissa pulled out a clear plastic 'S'
shaped vibrator. A small wire came from the back of the vibrator to a small
control box in Melissa's hands. Angelica immediately bent over and presented
her ass for insertion of the vibrator. Indeed, she did feel it slide into
her asshole as Melissa always desired, but the sudden feelings of pleasure
that coursed through her as the vibrator hummed to life was shocking for
her. Never before had she felt such an amazing sensation in her asshole.

"Ungh!" she immediately grunted with pleasure and shock.

"Amazing isn't it slut? It is made for anal pleasure and I have set it on a
setting that will drive you mad with lust but not take you all the way to
orgasm."

"M... Mis...... Mistress?" She grunted.

"The girls and I are going into the next room for a torrid hot three way
fuck. I want you to lay there on the bed with this thing in your ass. You
are not..... I repeat NOT allowed to touch yourself. You will just sit there
and listen to us fucking and watch this movie with the sound turned down.
Understand me slut?" She said as she tugged on the slave's ponytail.

Angelica could barely speak as the pleasure coursed through her. "Y...
y...... yesssss Mistress I understand."

"And you will not cum until I come back and tell you that you have
permission?"

"YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!!! Mistresssssssss." Angelica panted.

"Good little slut." Melissa said as she took Shae and Petra in hand and led
them out of the room, leaving the door wide open. Melissa stopped short just
as she was about to walk out the door and pulled an envelope from her glove
and tossed it to Angelica.

"Give this a read while you are listening to us slut. See what you think."

Angelica struggled to open the envelope as the first strains of her
daughters and Melissa's lovemaking started to come through the wall. She was
in such ecstasy that she could barely think straight. She fumbled with the
letter inside and opened it. It was a letter from her sister Bobbi in New
York. Angelica scanned the letter for anything of importance. She found
nothing until she got to the end where there was a line about Bobbi sending
her girls, Angelica's nieces, Jess, Angela, and Tracy, out to visit her for
the final few weeks of summer before school began. Below her sisters
signature, she noticed Melissa's handwriting. What she read both excited her
and filled her with dread. There, in Melissa's scrawl, were the words: "Do
you think you can you handle three more Mistress'?"

Coming up: Act 5 - The Games Slaves Play




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Stacy Simmons


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





