BDSM Library - Submission Fantasy




Submission Fantasy
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A loose sequel to 'Slave to Lotta'.
SUBMISSION FANTASY

INTRODUCTION

This is an erotic tale of the lives of two slaves pressed into the service of
alien beings, exiled to the earth by the leaders of their planet. The crime of
the pair of aliens was that they devoted their powers to over indulgence in
hedonistic activity. The alien civilisation had long progressed past the need
for physical gratification. The mental power and capacities of these beings far
exceeded anything ever seen on earth. They were able to control their own lives,
and, obviously those of lesser beings, through the power of their minds alone,
and appeared as Gods to the relatively primitive humans. The leaders of their
planet erred in their choice of location for exile in that, rather than denying
the rebellious duo opportunity to experiment with hedonistic activities, exile
to earth presented them with unlimited opportunity to put into actual practice,
the extreme fantasies their fertile imaginations were able to dream up.

Far from being cowed by their disgrace, and exile to a primitive environment,
the two hedonist aliens set about creating a society dedicated solely to
satisfying their own personal desires. With their extraordinary powers they were
able to insulate this society completely from the rest of the earth's
population. They peopled the community with human slaves, organised into a
strictly regulated hierarchy, all dedicated to the pleasures, and entertainment
of the two stellar miscreants. They were, in fact, able to put into practice, a
way of life, the style of which formed the precise basis that had lead to their
exile in the first place. Their exile to a planet with earth's resources allowed
the duo to create a physical embodiment of their most bizarre fantasies.

While the aliens were not physically capable of partaking of the activities they
forced upon their human captives, they derived sublime satisfaction by feeding
on the erotic energy produced by the human animals they had bent to their wills.
The fertile imaginations of the two supernatural beings knew no bounds, and the
society they so carefully created was so completely erotically bizarre, and
fantastically sensual, that it defied description in any normal terms.

The humans that were drawn into their net of depraved submission could hardly
conceive what had happened to them. But each and every one of them would not
have traded their circumstances for all the worldly riches on earth, for, not
only was their every perversion so exquisitely catered to, but they were also
granted the same immortality that their God and Goddess possessed.

The hierarchy of the society was strictly feudal in style. At the apex, of
course, were the two alien beings. Their word, or thought to be more precise,
was law. To question their authority was to bring down the ultimate in
punishment, banishment with its attending mortality. The second tier were the
overseers of slaves, a group of humans of both sexes whose task it was to see to
the discipline and strict operation of the community. The next tier consisted of
the domestic slaves, again humans of both sexes, responsible for the upkeep of
the celestial palace. Next were field slaves, predominantly male, responsible
for the grounds and food production for, while the slaves became immortal, their
bodies still required fuel to function, as did the two aliens. Then there were
the decorative slaves, humans of both sexes, whose only function was to provide
a visual display of intense eroticism, living statues, and, in some cases
actually serving as objects with a practical use, such as door handles, and
certain items of furniture. And finally, sex slaves, used both for the
entertainment of the aliens, and as a means of relieving the erotic tensions of
all other human chattels.

The levels within the hierarchy were constant. Only one human was raised above
all his peers. He was the overlord of the overseers of slaves. This male was the
first human abducted by the aliens, and still remains the only one ever to
venture outside the mystical walls that protected the community from any form of
outside interference. This male is responsible for any and all contact with the
world at large. He has been responsible for the attainment of all other slaves,
and exercises enormous power and authority over all other humans in the society.

A small group of slaves, who served as overseers for the vast number of field
and domestic slaves held total control of those chattels. These slaves answered
to the overlord of overseers and were responsible to him for the efficient
working of the society's vast estate. They were also responsible for the
posturing of decorative slaves, and for the setting up of slaves whose bodies
were to be used to simulate furniture and other such items of normal similar
household purposes. Overseers punished their charges often, and were themselves,
punished if the overlord was not satisfied with their accomplishments, although
their authority was never undermined by allowing working slaves to see this
being done.

The selection of humans to become members of the society is undertaken with
extreme care. While the aliens were easily able to manipulate their captives
wills to their own desires, they derived much more intense satisfaction from
accepting the immaculate submission of humans who yearned to serve them of their
own free will. Thus the personal qualities sought in a candidate for overseer of
slaves, was a dominant nature, complimented by an unquestioning acceptance of,
and obedience to the supreme authority. All other slaves needed merely to
possess an intensely masochistic disposition.

Slaves were recruited for their inherent talents, not just their sheer physical
perfection. Field slaves were predominantly male, and were chosen because of
their strength. Domestic animals and farm machinery were banned from the estate.
All work in the fields was done by hand. Domestic slaves, predominantly women
were chosen for their talents in domestic service. Display slaves were chosen
for their beauty alone, and those slaves used as implements such as seats, foot
stools or door handles were chosen for these roles because of unique physical
attributes they possessed. For example, females with huge soft breasts were
ideal as seats or footstools, and males with enormous penises made excellent
door handles.

There were three sets of harlot slaves. A pair of males, a pair of females, and
a pair of mixed sex. These slaves sole purposes were to attend to the sexual
urges of all other slaves, and to either perform utterly depraved and debauched
exhibitions of sexual excess, or bear brutal punishments, and exquisite torments
staged for the entertainment of the aliens. The male pair were strongly
heterosexual, but were forced to perform together and, indeed, were never
permitted to service females at all. Similarly, the female pair only ever
performed together, and exclusively serviced female slaves sexually. The
unmatched pair were completely bisexual, and performed with either sex.

These six slaves were recruited for their sensual beauty, extreme masochistic
tendencies, and their utter joy at performing sexually in the most extreme and
depraved fashions imaginable. The bodies of these six slaves have been
extensively modified, both to enhance their sheer titillating eroticism, and to
allow their owners more licence in planning their performances of seductive and
delightfully carnal acts of sexual depravity, not to mention to add to the
painful possibilities when they are punished, either to pay for less than
satisfactory performance, or merely as entertainment for the alien deities.

The realm in which this bizarre society exists is located in a remote area of
central Africa. While its very remoteness lends itself to privacy, the estate is
also mystically protected. It is invisible from both land and air, and its
perimeter is protected by an impenetrable force field. There is only one portal
in this field, and this is controlled exclusively by the lord of overseers.
Escape from the realm is impossible, as is unwanted invasion by outsiders.

When slaves are taken, and before they are introduced into the society, two
physical operations are performed on them. The first removes the slave's
capability to speak, or even to make a sound. All communication in the realm is
undertaken telepathically. In fact, noise, other than that of leather meeting
flesh is offensive to the alien rulers. They can hear the slave's squeals of
pleasure, or shrieks of agony, mentally, with acute clarity, as can the slaves
themselves. Slaves, of course, are forbidden to communicate with each other
except when such communication is aimed at enhancing the eroticism of their
performances. The second procedure performed on slaves renders their bodies
hairless, except for their heads. Any other modifications to a slave's body is
undertaken after they enter the realm, including their ability to communicate
telepathically.

This tale tells the story of the recruitment of the mixed pair of harlot slaves,
the last of the harlot slaves to be taken. It also gives a detailed description
of the lives led by the members of the extraordinary society. What follows is a
brief description of the major characters in the story:

The Divine God Heroditas


One of two aliens who possesses supreme power, and is worshipped as a God by all
in the realm. He is small, only five feet tall and has a body that is basically
sexless in appearance. This is not to say that He is incapable of experiencing
carnal pleasure. On the contrary, He is able to experience the most exquisite
ecstasy merely through the medium of mental power. He uses slaves to titillate
His libido while He and His consort pleasure each other telepathically. The God
is exquisitely beautiful, and his small body exudes a potent aphrodisiacal aroma
that effects all who come in contact with Him, reducing them to craving,
yearning, mindlessly depraved animals maintained in a state of almost unbearable
sexual arousal while they remain in His presence.

The Divine Goddess Ahrodisia

Consort of the Divine God Heroditas, and an identical twin of Him in all
respects.

The Overlord Sextius

A male human who is the right hand of the Divine God Heroditas, and the Divine
Goddess Aphrodisia. He presides over all slaves, and rules them with a rod of
iron, or more to the point, with a whip of supple leather. He recruits slaves,
and is the only member of the society to have any contact whatsoever with the
outside world. Apart from the harlot slaves he is the only human whose body has
been physically modified. He is seven foot tall with pure white, completely
hairless skin, and is built like a greek god. The modification to his body
involves his sex. His penis is huge, a foot long when erect, and three inches
across. Two clones of his enormous penis and fat testicles hang from the fronts
of his muscular thighs, just below the level of the normal one. This male exudes
an aphrodisiacal aroma that affects any human who comes within fifty feet of
him, causing acute sexual arousal in them. While his aroma is similar to that of
the aliens it is nowhere near as powerful, and affected slaves are still able to
reason while under its influence. His potent aroma diminishes dramatically when
he undertakes his missions in the outside world as extreme sexual arousal in
anyone coming into contact with him would have been difficult to explain away,
and would, of course, draw plenty of unwanted attention to him.

The male slave pair, simply know as "pricks"

A pair of male slaves whose duties involve the provision of visual displays of
extreme male homosexual depravity, absorbing vicious and prolonged punishment,
both activities solely for the entertainment of the aliens, and to service both
the overseers, and male slaves of the realm. Both males are oriented towards
heterosexuality, and so their exclusive engagement, sexually, with other males
is particularly humiliating for them. Both males are perfect specimens of sexual
manhood. Their penises are long and thick, and their enormous testicles are
capable of shedding colossal quantities of rich creamy semen. Each male has had
a clone of his massive genitals grown on, and at the lower extremity of the
centre of his chest, so that when this penis is erect, its fat round glans is
poised at chin level. The two slaves are permanently joined by means of an
adjustable length of chain that connects to their specially constructed, and
permanently worn slave collars together.

The female slave pair, simply known as "cunts"

A pair of voluptuous females possessing junoesque bodies with huge breasts,
ample bottoms, slender waists, plump lipped, hairless vulvas with drooping inner
labia, prominent clitorises, and strikingly beautiful faces. These females were
the exact counterparts of the slave pair pricks, being strongly heterosexual,
but only allowed to perform with other females. Each had a perfect clone of her
gorgeous pussy embedded in her chest, between the massive mounds of her breasts.

The mixed sex slave pair, simply known as " twat-cock"

A duo, male and female, around whom this drama is centred. They are counterparts
to the other two slave pairs with similar duties, except that they are able to
perform sexually with members of either sex although, in keeping with the
taunting perversity of the aliens, they are generally forced to service members
of their own sex when not engaged in entertaining. The male's body has been
extensively modified in that his chest sports a pair of enormous breasts, exact
clones of those of the female. Between, and just below those massive mounds a
clone of the female's sex had been grown. The female merely had had a clone of
the male's sexual organs grown between, and just below her breasts.

This tale is to be related by the male half of the slave pair twat-cock who,
before being taken, had lived as a sexual and bondage slave for many years. He,
along with his slave lover, had been banished by their dominators', and
condemned to live as normal human beings denied all access to the submissive
delights they so needed. Their crime was that they admitted to loving each other
more deeply than they did their respective owners. He had been known as slave
piglet, and his lover, slave sow. They had not been exiled together, indeed
their owners made a point of endeavouring to ensure that they might never find
each other, an additional, and much more heart rending, punishment for their
transgression than even the total denial of satisfaction for their extreme
submissive urges.

The slave, whose Mistress had named "piglet", had spent an entire year in vain
search for his slave lover. He had searched in all the red light areas of all
the major cities without success. He was chagrined to find that he was denied
access, completely, to any of the S&M and B&D establishments. His previous
owner's influence in these areas was absolute. It seemed that his description
had been spread around to all such places, whether they be shops or clubs, or
even brothels, and he was turned away without exception whenever he tried to
gain admittance to such establishments. The same was true, of course, for his
lover. This state of affairs was not only disturbing in his efforts to locate
the other slave, but also, naturally, denied him any opportunity to experience
the thrill of submission, a drug to our submissive hero.

Our story begins with our hero continuing his frantic search for his lover south
of the border, in a seedy town catering to the sexual peccadilloes of the rich
northerners.




Chapter 1 - The end of the search

I had been searching, in vain, for my beloved sow, for I know her by no other
name, for over a year by this time. It was with some desperation that I found my
way to this particular den of iniquity. I knew that sow would naturally try to
place herself in a situation where she would be both humiliated, and used
sexually, for that was her nature. Indeed, it was also my own nature to seek out
such situations, but such was the continuing psychological influence of my
former Mistress, Lotta, I had been unable to experience any form of sexual
relief since she had banished me from her presence. I had tried numerous
psychiatrists since that fateful day, all to no avail. My penis could become
erect with little stimulation, but was entirely incapable of ejaculation. It was
so frustrating, and had driven me to contemplate suicide on numerous occasions.
It was only the single minded search for my eternal love that kept me going, the
hope that when I found her, sow would be the answer to my prayers, and would be
able to unlock my repressed sexuality.

I trolled the red light district of the shanty town for hour after hour, my
depression growing with every disappointment. I was about to finally give up,
and try to find a dive where I could rent a room for the night when a seedy
looking character thrust a flier into my hand. I glanced down at the broken
english text on the yellowish paper, as much to pass the time as any real belief
that it could hold anything of real interest to me. It advertised a strip joint,
which was not unusual for the place I was in. Such fliers were forever being
handed out to attract patrons to the myriad of such establishments that abounded
in the town.

My eyes widened, and a surge of adrenalin flooded through my system, however,
when I read:

TITS GALORE

presents

Its greatest sensation

The largest set of tits on earth

MISS HUMUNGAS TITS

Could this be my darling sow? Was it possible that I had finally found her? I
searched the flier for the address of the strip joint, but it was not there. I
found out from a passer by that the establishment was in the seediest part of
town, and that you had to be mad to ever go there. People had been known to be
attacked and robbed in that area of the town, some even killed. I weighed up the
risks, but there was no real chance that I would not check this out. I was only
accosted twice during the long walk to the place I sought. But I am fit, and
have trained in the art of karate, and had no problem deflecting the would be
robbers. It cost me a small fortune to gain entry to the strip joint, but I paid
happily, and was soon seated at a bar away from the stage.

I had found throughout the many months of my fruitless search that bar tenders
were the people to talk to if you wanted information, so I had soon engaged this
one in friendly conversation. After a short while, and a couple of beers, I
broached the topic of the joint's main attraction. The bar tender was only too
pleased to satisfy my curiosity, and the more he revealed the more excited I
became. He informed me that the club's owners had brought the bitch from north
of the border about a year before. They kept her imprisoned on the premises,
bringing her out to perform only once a night. He waxed lyrical about the
enormity of the slut's tits, laughingly informing me that the joint's boast of
having the biggest set of udders on earth was the only true thing they ever
said.

All the time I slowly drank, and talked to the loquacious bar tender women
performed raunchy strip tease acts on the stage. Most of the performers would
have been in no risk of winning beauty contests, but all had large breasts which
they displayed to the avid punters with varying degrees of sensuality. Some
merely wriggled their shoulders, and shook their tits at the audience, while
others used their hands to caress and manipulate their enormous mounds for the
entertainment of the cat calling viewers. The bar tender, with a sly smile,
advised me that, for a modest fee, I could arrange to fuck any of the
performers, except for Miss Humungas Tits. Part of the deal when she was bought
was that she was never to be fucked. He didn't know why, and expressing the
opinion that it was a tragic waste.

All of this information only made me more certain that my search was over, and
the adrenalin rush that continued to wash over me soon had my heart pounding
with anticipation, and my cock stirring within my pants. I shifted my position
on the stool to disguise my growing arousal, while watching the latest performer
plunge a huge dildo into her wet pussy while, at the same time, feeding two
punters' eager mouths with each of her stiff teats. The night proceeded with
much of the same fare for hour after hour, performers coming and going in a
continuos stream. I slowed down my drinking, not wanting to risk becoming even
slightly intoxicated before the special act came on.

Eventually, late into the night, the announcer declared that the final act was
about to begin, the one we had all been waiting for, the fabulous Miss Humungas
Tits. With a mock severity he announced that the bitch had been particularly
evil recently, so we were to have the privilege of seeing her massive tits
whipped by way of punishment. My heart pounded with both excitement, and anger.
If the performer was my beloved sow I would be overjoyed, but to see her suffer
so would be heart rending. It was going to take all of my self control not to
mount the stage and actually kill the sadist. But I knew that I would not, for I
could not risk revealing myself, and thus jeapodising any plan I might formulate
to free her from her bondage.

The stage area was plunged into darkness for about ten minutes, obviously to
prepare for the performance. When the lights were again brought up my heart
leapt into my mouth. It was sow! I could not believe it. I had finally found
her. She was standing in centre stage, her hands tied above her head, and her
legs held wide apart by means of a spreader attached to her ankles. The gorgeous
creature was entirely nude. Her unbelievable breasts jutted out from her slender
torso, the stunningly beautiful mounds creamy skinned and smooth as silk, with
their nipples stiff and reddened.

My pulse raced with absolute joy while my eyes drank in sow's fabulous nudity.
It was obvious that the club owners kept her in good physical shape for her
voluptuous body remained as flawless as ever. I noticed that her pussy hair had
been allowed to grow, but could not hide the fact that her vulva lips, still
supported a number of silvery cunt rings, which, to my astonishment, had been
drawn together and locked up with a quite heavy padlock, which caused the plump
lips to droop down from her crotch. I knew that she could not see me in the
audience because her bondage would not allow it, and the lights would have made
seeing out into the darkened interior of the joint almost impossible anyhow. In
a way I was glad that this was so. I didn't want her reaction to recognising me
to give away the fact that we knew each other.

Standing next to the obscenely displayed sow was a muscular male, dressed as a
medieval punishment master, leather trousers, jack boots, leather gauntlets, and
a bare torso glistening with oil. From his right hand dangled a multi stranded
whip of particularly cruel design. Its four foot long strands were of braided
leather, and each was tipped with a stiffened leather lash. My heart went out to
my sweet sow. How could she bear to have her glorious breasts whipped with such
a brutal weapon. It must hurt her immensely, and what would it do to the perfect
skin of her soft, firm mounds was anyone's guess.

I watched the proceedings with growing trepidation. The bizarrely decorated whip
wielder snaked out his brutal weapon, and shook its multiple strands to ensure
that they were not tangled. Sow's chest heaved with anticipation, causing her
defenceless mounds to shudder deliciously. Not withstanding what was about to be
wreaked on my beloved sweetheart, I could not help but feel the exquisite
sensations of erotic arousal. The muscular man drew back the whip, and, after a
slight pause for effect, brought it lashing down onto the tender mounds of sweet
sow's breasts.

Sow shrieked shrilly when the pain bit, but strangely, shook her afflicted
mounds sensuously, as if she welcomed the torment that had been meted out to
them. The next blow was delivered with much more force than the first had been,
and caused the masses of her breasts to shake vigorously. Sow's shriek became a
squeal of hurt, and angry red weals were left on her creamy skin as the strands
of the whip fell away. More strokes were delivered, all cruelly savage, and all
were absorbed with renewed squeals and screams of pain and suffering from the
tortured sow. Soon her lovely breasts were covered with lurid welts and bruises,
and tears of pure anguish poured down her cheeks. But, amazingly, her shoulders
still revolved sensuously, seemingly offering her pain filled mounds for even
more torment.

My heart went out to my suffering lover, and I gasped with barely controlled
anger as each cruel stroke was delivered. To my surprise, however, I found that
my prick had become achingly stiff, and throbbed with erotic stimulation. I was
also quite shocked to notice that the nipples that capped sow's enormous, pain
soaked breasts had swelled magnificently, and visibly throbbed, and what even
more graphically displayed evidence that sow was sexually stimulated by her
ordeal was evident in the glistening moisture that had collected in her fluffy
pussy hair, and flowed so copiously from her sexual font that it caused the
insides of her trembling thighs to shine wetly.

The audience watched in silent rapture while the performance continued. The only
sounds in the room were the slap of leather on flesh, the grunts of effort from
the man doing the whipping and, of course, the squeals and shrieks of the lovely
sow. The whipping slowly built up to a crescendo, with the lashes of the brutal
whip slamming into the soft meat of the tormented tits in almost a blur, and
sow's shrieks of suffering taking on a completely ethereal quality. Suddenly the
lights went out, and it was over. It took a few seconds before the watchers
realised that the act was complete, and then raucous applause drowned out the
sobbing of my sweet sow.

I too, was caught up in the aftermath of the bizarre performance, but
fortunately regained my concentration in time to see sow being assisted down a
long passageway by two huge, muscular guards. I managed to get into the hall
myself before they disappeared, and noticed that she was escorted down some
stairs. I decided that they must be holding her in a basement area from this
evidence.

Meanwhile the establishment was preparing to close. It was only an hour or so
before dawn when I left. I didn't leave the area immediately but rather hid
myself, and waited for the staff to leave. I was sure that sow would not be left
unguarded, but I hoped anyway that I would be able to discover the whereabouts
of her imprisonment without alerting anyone to my presence. Once I had done this
I could plan a means of freeing her from her captivity, and arrange for our
ultimate escape while eluding detection.

Once I was satisfied that all was quiet in the establishment, and most of the
lights associated with it had been extinguished, I reconnoitred the perimeter of
the squat, single storied building, gliding silently around the extremities of
the square structure searching for any evidence of a basement that might be
obvious from the outside. I found only one small window, barred and grimy, a the
rear of the building. I lay on the ground and tried to pear in through this
small aperture. I was not able to see anything in the darkness and resolved to
return the next night with a torch.

The following night I returned as planned, armed with a pencil flashlight to
minimise the risk of being discovered. I did not actually attend the
performances, not wishing to see my sweetheart suffer again. Rather, I waited
patiently outside the establishment until all was quiet once again. I made my
way around to the window I had discovered the night before and, after wiping a
small section of the glass in the window as clean as I could, shone my tiny
flash light into the dark interior.

My heart skipped a beat at what the muted beam of light revealed. Sow, still
naked, was curled up on a mat on the bare concrete floor. A length of chain
fixed to a leather collar locked around her neck was attached to a metal ring
embedded in one wall. She was asleep, obviously exhausted by her ordeal in the
club, and even in these appalling surroundings, looked stunningly beautiful. I
noted that the skin of her breasts clearly bore the evidence of recent whipping,
but the welts were fading. From this I was able to surmise that not all her
performances involved punishment, at least not to her huge tits.

Having found out all that I could about sow's circumstances I left, and returned
to my cheap motel. I decided that my best chance would be to enter the club
before it closed, and try to hide somewhere until after it closed. Then I would
disable any guards that might be present, and free sow. To this end I purchased
a pair of light weight bolt cutters, and a tent like dress for sow. I secreted
both on my person before leaving my motel for what I hoped would be the last
time. I drove the beat up wreck I had been using to get me from place to place
throughout my search, and parked it a couple of blocks from the club. I was not
too worried that the car might be vandalised while I was away for it held no
promise of easy riches to any passing thief, in fact it blended in nicely with
the other run down vehicles parked in the street.

I made my way to the club and gained entry, being recognised as a patron from
two nights ago by the thugs that guarded the door. Once inside I immediately
checked out the mans room and was gratified to discover a broom closet in the
filthy room that looked like it was rarely used. I ensured that its door opened,
and that its interior would accommodate me. As soon as I was satisfied that it
would suit my purposes I made my way back into the main room and took up a stool
at the bar.

I could hardly watch the performances, such was the state of excitement and
anticipation in my mind. It was not the dangers that I might encounter after the
establishment closed that had my pulse racing, rather it was the anticipation of
holding my cherished sow in my arms once again. Act after act came and went. I
drank three or four beers, to maintain a normal appearance, and chatted with the
talkative bar tender throughout the night. Sow's act consisted of a normal strip
tease where she flaunted her massive breasts, and bizarrely locked up cunt, at
the audience, much to their delight.

As soon as sow's act was over I made a display of informing the bar tender that
it was past my bedtime, and made to leave. I wandered towards the door and, when
I noted that no one was watching, slipped into the bathroom. Fortunately there
was no one else in the room at the time so I quickly slipped into the dark
interior of the broom closet and settled down to wait.

The din associated with the club's normal activity soon began to ebb as patrons
began to drift out of it. My heart skipped a beat when someone entered the
bathroom and was obviously checking the stalls, presumably to make sure no
patrons had passed out in any of them. I prayed that the person would not check
the broom closet, and steeled myself to deal with him as quickly, and quietly as
possible, in the event that he did. To my relief the man, satisfied that all was
well, turned off the light and left. I waited for almost an hour before I
ventured out of my hiding place.

I moved as, silently as possible, down the darkened passageway. My ears were
pricked for the slightest sound, and my heart pounded with a mixture of
trepidation, and eager anticipation. As I approached the top of the stairwell
leading down into the basement, I began to discern a faint light coming from
below. When I reached the stairs I was relieved to see that they were
constructed from steel and not wood, lessening the chance of creaking noise
possible alerting the guard below to my presence. Never the less, I began my
descent slowly and carefully.

I slowly crept down the dim stairs, my sneakers making no sound at all. At the
same time my eyes slowly became accustomed to the watery light. I paused at the
bottom of the staircase, and peered into the cavernous room. The guard, a huge
swarthy man, running to fat, lay on a bunk snoring spasmodically. There were no
other persons present in the room, but I was determined to exercise extreme care
because this did not mean that other people were not present in other areas of
the building. I could see an open door leading to the area where sow was held
captive, in fact, I could just make out her bare feet in the opening where she
lay on the hard floor.

I carefully made my way across the room towards the sleeping guard. When I was
poised over his prone form I carefully reached down with both hands. It was my
intention to use one hand to keep him quiet while I used the other to press
against a pressure point that I knew would render him unconscious for at least
four hours. As soon as I touched him the man awoke with a start. I pressed my
fingers into his soft neck while holding my other hand firmly over his mouth.

My heart pounded with fear as I struggled to hold the huge man down while my
fingers did their work. After about thirty seconds the man's vigorous struggles
began to lose their force, and he slipped back into unconsciousness. When I
finally released my hold the guard was motionless, and his chest moved slightly
with his light breathing. I stood stock still, listening intently for evidence
that the struggle may have alerted any others on the premises. No sound greeted
me, and I sighed with relief. The noise we had made had also failed to arouse
sow, and I crept into her cell.

I gazed lovingly down at the sleeping form of my nude darling, marvelling at the
beauty of her enormous breasts heaving softly up and down with her even
breathing. My heart ached with longing, and it was all I could do to stop myself
from throwing myself on top of her and hugging her. But I somehow managed to
control myself and slowly knelt beside her and carefully placed a hand over her
mouth before shaking her awake.

Sow's eyes opened to reveal a confused expression. Then they widened in shock at
what she saw, then began to radiate extreme excitement and emotion. I managed to
bring a finger to my lips to indicate to her to be silent, and then drew her
warm nudity into my arms and hugged her while we both sobbed silently with
overflowing emotions. I kissed away her tears of unbridled happiness, then our
lips met in passionate joy. We kissed for five minutes before I breathlessly
broke of the embrace, my long, thick, achingly stiff prick pounding in my pants.

I whispered to the gorgeous girl, "You must be quiet my darling, in case we are
discovered before we can make our escape." Sow looked at me with tenderness
evident in her violet eyes, and nodded her understanding. I took off my knapsack
and took out the bolt cutters. I used then to sever the chain holding sow
prisoner at her throat. I then gave her the robe I had obtained, and she donned
it, hiding her voluptuous charms. The robe I had obtained was purposely meant to
disguise her magnificent, sensual body, and once she had it on you would never
have imagined the voluptuousness of the sexual beauty it so completely hid.

I took her hand and led her from the cell and up the stairs. We crept along the
passage until we entered the main area of the club. All was quiet, and dark, as
we felt our way to the main door. I was happy to find that the lock was of the
type that could be opened from the inside, and would automatically re-lock when
the door swung back. I opened the door by a mere crack, and peered out into the
night. Once I had satisfied myself that no one was lurking near the building sow
and I slipped out into the poorly lit street.

I took her hand and hurried her along down the street towards my car. As we
walked I explained to sow that we were going to leave immediately. We were to be
as far from this town as was possible before the owners of the club realised
that sow was gone. Sow herself just babbled out her pleasure at my having found
her, and how happy she was to be with me again, vowing that no matter what, we
would never again be parted. I could but only agree, and my cock, still stiff as
steel was clear evidence that this was so.

We got into the car and I started the engine and we moved off. I was extremely
careful not to attract any attention by breaking any traffic laws. I had no
doubt that the club owners would move heaven and earth to find sow. After all,
she was an extremely valuable asset to them, and to lose her was sure to affect
the profitability of their club. So I took special care not to be stopped in
case a corrupt law enforcement officer, endemic in these parts, might lead to
the club owners un-necessarily finding out about me, at least for the day or so
that it might take for the bar tender to put two and two together, especially
when he recalled the deep interest I had shown in sow, and the circumstances of
her being there.




Chapter 2 - The Escape

Rather than head for the States in our escape I headed west, across the country.
I did this for two main reasons. The first being that it would be natural for
pursuers to reach the conclusion that their captive, on somehow escaping, was
sure to try to return to her own country and, while they may search within their
own country as well, they were highly likely to concentrate their resources
between the town and the border, especially in the first couple of days. But
more importantly, I had access to a hunting lodge in the mountains near the sea
on the western coast. The cabin was secluded, and in this off season period it
was highly unlikely that we would be discovered there. In fact, I had been using
the cabin as base for my search for a couple of months now. It would also give
us ample time to formulate plans for the future.

Once we had cleared the town limits I sped up, putting miles between us and the
town. I counted on us having at least a four hour start on any pursuit, and it
was imperative to put as much distance between us and the town by then as was
possible. While I drove sow slid across the bench seat of the car and snuggled
up to me. She babbled on and on in a delirious chatter that indicated that she
was still in a state of shock and disorientation. When I was able to finally
calm her down I gently told her that at daybreak she was going to have to be
hidden in the back of the car, explaining that when word got out our pursuers
would be sure to be looking for a vehicle with a man and a woman on board. I
smiled as I informed her that she was not going to be exactly hard to recognise
when her description was out.

As time went on she began to relax, actually believing that she was free of her
oppressors at last. When this happened her natural sensuality soon took over
again, and her hand dropped, instinctively, into my lap. Despite our history I
still flushed with embarrassment when her fingers brushed up against my achingly
stiff cock, and she giggled with glee. In truth, my monster prick had been stiff
since the first moment I had looked upon her delightful charms in that dreadful
dungeon in which she had been imprisoned.

Her clever fingers had soon drawn down my zipper, and freed my raging erection
from the tight confines of my pants. She caressed the hot meat of my prick,
gently at first, cooing with delight at being able to do so once again after so
much time. She reaffirmed her love for me saying that it had never waned even
though her most harrowing experiences. The hope that I would eventually find
her, she informed me, was the only thing that kept her sane, and more darkly,
stopped her from taking her own life.

I listened to her quietly, letting her do all the talking, realising that she
needed to shed her hurt in this way. All the while her clever fingers teased me
incessantly, causing me delicious pleasure, but not distracting me from the task
of driving too much. I longed to be naked with her, but that would have to wait
until we had reached our destination. After about an hour she had finally talked
herself out. She gazed up at my face with a stare of sheer joy and exclaimed,
with a teasing tone lacing her voice, "Darling piglet". We somehow saw no reason
to use an other than our slave names in addressing each other, indeed we didn't
no each other's real names anyhow, but it hadn't even occurred to either of us
to ask. She squeezed my throbbing cock strongly, and her beautiful face fell
down towards its arching stiffness, "I love you dearly, but I adore this
enormous, beautiful prick even more, and I can no longer wait to taste it!"

Her warm wet mouth enveloped the top three inches of my pulsing stalk, and her
mouth sucked on it like a starving waif. I almost ran off the road as a result
of exquisite sensations I had not experienced since the day of my exile. Sows
lips and tongue fed ravenously on my burgeoning erection with relentless hunger.
The sounds of her wild sucking soon drowned out the drone of the car's engine
completely. My semen began to boil in my squirming testicles, and I began to
believe that the gorgeous sow's lascivious talents might be able to break my
evil Mistress' cruel spell, and I might find relief at long last. But after a
half an hour of flawless erotic torment I knew that this was not to be, an
almost sobbed in frustration.

I had been so engrossed in sow's pleasurable activity that I hardly noticed that
dawn was beginning to break. When I realised that it was light again, and cars
and trucks began to appear on the road, I pulled over to the edge and reached
down to sow's head. I gently prised her mouth from my aching cock and drew her
upright. She stared at me with tears in her eyes, fully realising why she had
not been able to bring me off, and exclaimed how sad she felt that the bitch
still held sway over me. I shrugged helplessly and tried to console her because
she obviously thought that it was her fault. That her expertise at sucking cock
was not good enough. I was quick to reassure her that no one had ever sucked my
prick with such delightful skill, and never would. If I was to find the capacity
to orgasm once again, I would have to find a way of de-programming my brain.

But I was anxious to hide sow away, and get on with the trip. I estimated that
we were only about two hundred miles from the town, and still had almost fifteen
hundred to go to reach our destination. I explained to sow why what we had to do
was necessary, and then pried the back seat loose and helped her to clamber into
the alcove I had prepared. It was cramped but, apart from the heat, would not be
too uncomfortable for her. I had made sure that the air circulation was good and
tried to get sow to try to sleep. I told her that I was going to drive non stop
until we got to the cabin. The longer we were on the road, the more risk we took
of discovery. She reluctantly agreed, and glued her lips to mine for a few
searing seconds before I levered the seat back into place, completely hiding her
presence.

Before I got under way again I popped a couple of uppers to keep me awake and
alert. I had obtained the pills from a long distance truck driver who assured me
that they would keep me going for at least forty eight hours. About four hours
later I pulled into a truck stop and filled the car's huge gas tank with fuel,
checked the oil and water, and then went into the store and bought four
hamburgers, a half a dozen cokes, and a small esky, to keep the drinks cool.
Before I drove off again I slipped half of the food, and a coke in to sow.

I drove steadily for the rest of the day and into the evening. When I thought it
was dark enough I stopped the car and let sow out. We got under way again as
soon as we had eaten the rest of the food. Sow took only a few minutes to have
my fly open once again, and my hard cock was soon nestling hotly in her soft
hand. She chattered incessantly about how she was going to cure me of my awful
malady no matter what it took. Over the hours she asked me to relate the story
of my search, and how I had came to find her. I related the whole story while we
drove on and on, only stopping very occasionally on the side of the rode to
relieve ourselves when the need arose.

In the early hours of the next morning we made our second, and I hoped last,
stop before we reached our destination. I made sow remain in the car, and told
her to be careful not to attract attention to herself while I filled up and
replenished our food supplies. In the take away food outlet I picked up an early
edition newspaper and browsed through it while the food was being prepared. I
got the shock of my life when I read a stop press article concerning a
kidnapping in the town we came from. My heart was pounding when I realised that
the victim was sow by the description given. The article offered a large reward
for information, and gave a contact number for a private detective agency. I was
relieved to find that I did not figure in the data given. They had not yet
connected me to the escape, but I had no doubt they eventually would, given that
it the detective agency was any good then they would eventually be in contact
with sow's former Master, and through him, Mistress Lotta.

After collecting the food I rushed back to the car, popping a couple more pills
on the way. As soon as I got in I drove off, throwing the newspaper over to sow
for her to also read the article. When she started to cry I reassured her that
we would not be re-captured, I had planned this too well. The cabin we were
going to could never be connected to us regardless of the fact that they would
surely learn of my involvement before too long. As soon as we were well away
from the truck stop I pulled over and helped sow into her hiding place. For the
rest of the journey she would have to remain hidden. We couldn't afford to take
any chances. Although she protested, she knew that I was right and reluctantly
returned to her cramped little hiding hole after she had finished eating.

We only had fifteen hours to go by my estimation, and would not have to stop
again until we were almost home free. The rest of the trip dragged on, and I had
used the last of my pills and was beginning to suffer. Finally I reached the
turn off that led up into the hills. When I reached the tiny settlement that
served the hunting lodges I pulled off the road and donned a disguise that I
always used when shopping there. I was now extremely glad I had taken this
precaution, especially if the people read the papers regularly.

I went into the general store and was warmly greeted by it owner. I told him
that I wanted to stock up with enough supplies to last a month or so. I was
going to work on my newest book, and wanted complete solitude to concentrate on
it. I had set my persona as a writer when I first came to the cabin. The
storekeeper packed up my purchases, and helped me load them into the back seat,
and boot of the car. Just before I was about to leave he called out, coming over
with a large parcel which he said had been delivered for me while I was away.

I took the package from him, thanked him for his kindness, and then drove off.
For the next hour we steadily climbed higher and higher into the mountains. I
knew what was in the package, but it didn't matter any more. During my search I
had found a certain cab driver I had served while a slave to Mistress Lotta. He
had no love for my owner, or any of her cohorts either. When I had been exiled
he had lost his job, and had been black banned from any city on the west coast.
He was only too happy to help me in any way he could, and not only because I had
sucked his cock so passionately, and let him fuck me until he was exhausted
after I had found him either, he had really fallen in love with me. He promised
to obtain, and send to me as many S&M and B&D sub-culture publications as he
could find. When I offered him money for this he wouldn't hear of it, such was
his infatuation with me.

As soon as I arrived at the cabin I parked the car in its shelter, and freed sow
from her cramped quarters. Between us we carted all the supplies into the cabin
and unpacked them and stored them appropriately. Sow, of course, was full of
beans having slept for a good portion of the long trip. I, on the other hand,
was a physical wreck, totally exhausted, both bodily and mentally.

As soon as we had finished our chores sow threw off the tent like robe she had
worn since the escape and ran into the bathroom. Soon I heard the shower going,
and sow calling for me to hurry up and join her. As tired as I was, this still
struck me as a good idea. As I was undressing sow called out to me to bring the
bolt cutter with me. I stumbled into the room, filled with steam, and stepped
into the shower recess. I used the bolt cutter to remove sow's collar, and then
knelt down to attend to her pussy, which was still locked up by her cunt rings,
and the small, associated padlock.

It took me a few attempts before I managed to snip all the metal rings apart,
the padlock itself was too strong for the cutters to make an impression on it.
Finally the whole metal mess fell away from sow's beautiful pussy. While I
worked sow was not idle. She had shampooed both my and her own hair over and
over, and had repeatedly lathered our bodies. Once she allowed the water to
rinse the suds from our bodies she reached down and drew my face into her
splayed open crotch.

I breathed in her sexual scent with elation while my lips pressed up against the
warm, soft, plump ones of her sex. My tongue shot out of my mouth and delicately
split these pulpy lips and my taste buds were inundated with the luscious
flavours of her excited twat. I furled my tongue around her prominent clitoris,
which was already stiff and throbbing. Sow squealed with pleasure while my
tongue stimulated her gorgeous pussy. Within minutes my mouth was inundated with
a flood of rich, aromatic cunt cream. My deeply buried tongue was squeezed with
almost feral force by the silky, elastic muscles of sow's spasming cunt pit, and
she keened out her ecstasy while climaxes hit her with wave after wave of pure
sexual sensation.

Sow's full, shapely thighs had captured my face in an erotic, sensual vice, and
refused to release it, even after her orgasm had ebbed. Clearly she was not yet
sated. Her belly trembled and her hands involuntarily grasped my hair and thrust
my face more firmly into her still drooling sex swamp. My tongue began to ache
from constant use, but I was almost ashamed at how quickly my tongue was
beginning to tire of this activity following such a long lay off. Never the
less, I was not about to disappoint my darling, so I steeled myself, and somehow
kept my aching tongue busy teasing the throbbing nodule of sow's ever stiff
clitoris to yet another cataclysmic eruption.

My own sex had stiffened while I worked, and began to throb with need. After sow
orgasmed again she dragged me up from my knees and hugged me passionately. Soon
she scrambled her slick nudity up my body, the steaming water streaming from our
glowing skin, her legs spread wide, wrapped them around my waist, and reached
down and guided my hot, stiff erection into the exquisite trap of her yearning
vagina. The walls of her sleave were soon rhythmically clasping at my pistoning
pole of lust. Our breaths came in tortured gasps as excitement burgeoned. Sow,
almost immediately my cock was buried up her writhing sex sleave came again, her
convulsing pussy hole clamping my cock like a velvet vice. I sobbed with
frustration, teetering on the edge of relief, but incapable of surrendering to
it.

Sow collapsed onto the shower floor in a state of delighted contentment. Her
chest heaved, causing her massive breasts to rise and fall in great sweeps, as
she regained her breath. She smiled up at me, but then a small expression of
consternation crossed her beautiful features when she realised my plight. She
reached up and grasped the still rock hard stem of my prick and squeezed it
sympathetically. She expressed her sorrow at my predicament, promising that we
would overcome it together.

By this time I was almost dead on my feet, and it showed. We left the shower and
quickly dried our bodies and went into the bedroom. As soon my head hit the
pillow I was asleep. I slept for twelve hours straight without stirring. Sow, of
course, having slept for long periods during out journey, did not sleep for
anything like as long.




Chapter 3 - The awakening

When I finally awoke, it was to the delicious aroma of sizzling bacon, fried
potatoes and all the trimmings of a bountiful breakfast, being prepared by sow.
She was dressed in a pair of my jeans, turned up at the ankles, and one of my T
shirts, bulging hugely in the front to contain her enormous tits. I commented,
with a chuckle, that I would not be able to wear that shirt again.

While we ate sow explained what had befallen her after we had been exiled by our
owners. She explained that her Master, having found her out, had descended into
the most awful rage she had ever witnessed. He had strung her up by her ankles
and whipped the soft flesh of her tits with a heavy belt. The pain, she
described as unbelievable, resulting from the heavy leather weapon smashing into
her tender flesh over and over. She described how she howled in misery while she
was being whipped. But after a while, she explained, something wondrous seemed
to happen. Her pussy began to swell and throb, and drip with juice. And then she
began to come. She came so hard that she almost lost consciousness, and it did
not stop. She came and came without let up and it seemed that the harder he
lashed her tormented tits, the more her pussy reacted as though it was being
subjected to the most exquisite pleasure. She could not believe it, nor could
her Master, whose rage became even more vicious when he realised what was taking
place.

She described how he raged at her for her reaction to his punishment, how he
took her down from her suspension, kicked her legs apart, and began to lash her
splayed pussy with such ferocity that she did eventually slip into
unconsciousness, but not before she climaxed numerous more times, with even more
intensity than when it was her breasts being abused. In fact, she thought that
it was not the pain and suffering that caused her to lose consciousness, but
rather it was the sheer overload of sexual ecstasy.

The fact that she had attained sexual satisfaction from her pain enraged her
Master even more than her errant behaviour had. It was this development that
made him decide to sell her into slavery, rather than merely banish her. The
terms he insisted on when he sold her consisted of the following; she was never
to be freed, when her usefulness was at an end her new owners were to either
kill her, or on sell her to some African brothel specialising in white slaves;
she was never again to be fucked, at least until she was on sold; she was never
again to be allowed to suck a cock; she was never again to be allowed to make
love to another woman; and finally, she was never again to be allowed sexual
relief. With those provisos taken into account, her new owners could do what
they liked with her.

Sow explained how her life progressed. She spent her existence as an object of
sexual display. She told me that her obscene displays caused her excitement, but
never relief of that stimulation. Whenever her owners displayed her being
punished, as I saw on that first night in the club, they were careful never to
make her suffering severely enough to cause her to climax through it. They were
almost religious in their adherence to her Master's instructions. No matter how
much she begged and pleaded, not to mention attempted seduction of her
individual captors, she could not get them to relent. She thought that there
must have been some awful penalty that they would have paid had they ignored her
Master's wishes.

After she had related her story we got to talking about her strange reaction to
the infliction of physical pain. I thought that it may provide an answer to my
own sexual problem, and we resolved to test this as soon as possible. After we
had finished our meal we decided to go for a walk, but not before we stripped
off, and I fucked sow until she had come a dozen times. She informed me, with
impish delight, that she had a lot of catching up to do in terms of sexual
activity, and, of course, that her inherent slut like nature had in no way
diminished during her captivity.

We spent a few hours trekking through the woods, savouring the cool crisp air
and the wonders of nature. I cut a heap of whippy switches from trees as we
went, my brain experiencing a strange, erotic excitement when I thought about
the use they were going to be put to. Sow's excitement was infectious, and she
ensured that most of the switches were sturdy, not just because that would make
them capable of inflicting greater hurt, but also because it would make them
more durable.

In fact, by the time when we returned to the cabin sow could not wait for us to
put them to their intended use. In spite of my own growing excitement, I was a
little more reserved and apprehensive about this experiment. Not just because I
was not sure just how I would react to pain, but also because I had no desire to
punish my beloved sow. Sow, recognising what I was going through, insisted that
she wanted me to hurt her, and that it would cause her to love me even more than
she already did. She explained that I should see it as just one more way of
giving her pleasure. She also promised me that she would stop immediately, if
she perceived that this type of activity did not suit my psych. The sexy nymph
teased me by saying, "If you don't like it, sweet piglet, then you'll just have
to become my Master, and I your loving and devoted slave, because I already know
that i can no longer live, or be completely happy without being subjected to
cruel and savage punishment."

We ate an evening meal with varying degrees of eager anticipation flooding us
both. Sow, because she knew what was in store for her and yearned for it, and me
because I didn't know, yet still anxiously awaited my reaction to the pain, and
whether it would be reflected sexually. After cleaning up after dinner we
repared to the living room where the multitude of switches we had gathered lay
on the coffee table. We both sat on the couch and stared at the instruments of
pain, sow with eager excitement, and me with dread and apprehension.

"Me first!" Sow exclaimed, standing up and stripping off her T shirt, revealing
the stunningly gorgeous mounds of her flawless tits. Her sexual excitement was
already evident from the stiff nipples that capped those lovely mounds. "Do my
tits first, darling!" She continued, stripping off her jeans to reveal that her
pussy was already dampening with her arousal. "And don't show me any mercy when
you flay them. Whip them hard for me!" She concluded, walking over to the centre
of the room and raising her hands high above her head and looking up towards the
ceiling.

"Get some cord, darling." She cried, "And tie my hands up to that beam. It adds
immeasurably to the thrill of the punishment if you are in bondage while it is
being inflicted." I went to a storage cupboard that I knew contained a long
length of thin cord and collected the item. I cut two lengths from the reel that
were of an appropriate length for the task at hand, and then approached the nude
sow. She was trembling slightly, with her hands high above her head. I stood on
a chair so that I could reach up to the sturdy beam we were going to use. At
first I thought that sow's shivering was because of her fear, but looking into
her wide, violet eyes put paid to that erroneous interpretation. The excitement
and longing those beautiful orbs radiated was almost palpable.

I quickly looped each of the cords around sow's wrists and then drew them over
the beam and tied them off. Getting into the spirit of the game, and
experiencing a wild thrill of excitement myself at the same time, I pulled the
cords so tight that sow's heels came off the floor, and she was forced to stand,
uncomfortably, on tip toes. Having finished my task I clambered down from the
chair and stood before my captive love. Her face wore a beam of barely contained
vivacity. It was obvious that she was anticipating her painful ordeal with eager
enthusiasm. On my part, I was not yet sure that I wanted to do what she had
asked. My mind was filled with mixed emotions, trying to come to grips with the
line we were about to cross, me for the first time, but obviously not my
darling's first encounter, the line between the merely submissive, and true
masochism.

I collected one of the long switches we had cut and swished it around to test
both its flexibility, and the weight of it. It was about four feet long, quite
thick at the end I held in my fist, and tapering down to a thin rod at the
other. I gripped the crude weapon tightly and moved in front of the deliciously
defenceless slave girl. I was about to again ask her if she really wanted me to
hurt her lovely breasts when I saw a look in her eyes that almost frightened me.
It was clear that, not only did she want her pain, she craved it with every
ounce of her yearning soul.

"Whip your slut's fat, heaving tits hard, Master piglet!" Sow squealed. "You are
my Master! I am your adoring slave, and must be punished for the privilege of
being permitted to love you, and serve you! My swollen, aching tits long to
suffer at your hand, darling Master Piglet!" In another setting sow's abject
pleading to be hurt would have been almost humorous, but it was obvious that she
was deadly serious, and had lost herself in the role she played. I could only
guess at the turmoil of emotions that must have been driving her to beg for her
suffering so convincingly and deliciously submissively.

Indeed I was not immune to strange new feelings that were arousing my own
excitement. My long, thick prick began to swell and churn within the tight
confines of my jeans, until it was almost painful to me. I drew back the cruel
switch and brought it slashing down onto the upper slope of sow's right breast.
I did not wield it with too much force, something in me still being reluctant to
inflict too severe a hurt on the tender flesh of my darling. The slight squeal
that this first, tentative stroke elicited from the suspended slave girl was one
of almost pique. Her head dropped down and she inspected the faint pink weal
left on her pale skin in the wake of the stroke.

Sow raised her face again and stared at me with a look of scornful contempt that
shocked me to my core. "If that's the best you can do, piglet, I'd be better off
back with my captors. At least they knew how to whip a slut." A rush of anger
flooded through me at this derisive comment, and for a second or two I almost
hated the slave girl.

The shriek of agony that reverberated around the room as a result of the next
stroke caused a rush of adrenalin to course through my veins, and a much more
livid, and colourful welt to be raised on the smooth skin of sow's left tit. The
suffering girl threw her head back and wailed in masochistic lust, "That's
better, darling Master! Now thrash my tits with all your might! Show me no
mercy! I love you Master! Whip my tits 'til I swoon in rapture, and my cunt
split explodes in ecstasy!"

I drew back the vicious switch and lashed the huge mounds with terrifying
ferocity, over and over. Soon the shuddering mounds were covered with livid
welts, and I was sure that the delicate skin must break. Sow's squeals and wails
of anguish were continuos, along with her pleas for me not to stop, and to whip
her harder and harder. I soon lost myself completely in what I was doing. Wave
after wave of pure excitement coursed through me with every brutal stroke I
delivered.

After delivering a particularly savage lash to one of sow's throbbing teats,
that bent the sensitive stalk almost double, my switch broke in half. Despite
the almost incoherent state of her mind sow shrilled out in begging tones, "Get
another one Master! I'm almost there! Get another one and thrash my suffering
tit meat harder! Harder Master! More Master!"

I threw down the tattered switch, took up another, and went back to work. While
the cruel rod sliced painfully into the soft, firm flesh of the defenceless tits
over and over sow's legs began to drum the floor, such was the level of her
agony. Her smooth belly visibly vibrated with her suffering and, to my surprise,
the soft skin on the insides of her full beautiful thighs glistened wetly, with
the flow of her pussy's succulent juices.

I whipped her heaving tits with all my might, thrilling to the power I exerted
over the defenceless slave. Not one square inch of her tits escaped the fall of
my lash. I could only imagine what the suffering girl must be experiencing. The
level of agony that must have been consuming every fibre of her being. But still
she wailed her need for more, and I was only too pleased to accede to her
demented demands, my switch flaying her gorgeous mounds without mercy.

Suddenly, without any fore warning sow threw her head back, her long hair flying
in abandon, and wailed out in an almost eerie voice, "I'm coming! I'm coming!
It's sooooo gooood! It's soooooooo Goooooooood! I'm dying with ecstasy! My whore
twat is exploding! I'm coming! I'm coming!"

I threw down the half broken switch and fell to my knees in front of the slave
girl's wildly orgasming body. I grasped the slippery skin of her sweating
flanks, dove my face into the juncture of her thighs, and buried my gaping mouth
in the hot gushing meat of her spasming pussy. My taste buds were immediately
flooded with the tart flavour of boiling female sex. Sow's flowing juices soon
filled me eager mouth, and slid down my welcoming, gulping throat. I had never
known a woman to shed so much juice in one orgasm before. The flow seemed to be
endless, and I slurped wildly at it in my crazed endeavours to consume every
drop. My avid tongue lashed the throbbing, jerking stem of her burgeoning
clitoris with almost the same feverish intensity that I had displayed when
wielding the whip.

Sow's climax seemed to last for a eon. Time seemed to stand still while her
wildly spasming cunt surrendered to her exploding pleasure. Her juices continued
to pour from it without let up. It was all I could do to drink down the flood
without wasting too much of the erotic elixir. I was in as much of a state of
euphoria as sow herself while I fed my insatiable belly on her very essence. All
through her shattering climax sow wailed out her ecstasy in a cacophony of
incoherent babblings of both joy and gratitude. I had never, even in my most
sensual and erotic experiences, ever seen a woman come so hard, and for so long.

All of a sudden sow's body went limp, and the contractions that assailed her
climaxing pussy so relentlessly began to slow. I continued to nurse at her sex
with my insatiable mouth, albeit with a more tender ferocity than I had utilised
at the height of her orgasm. My lips and tongue teased her slowly wilting girl
prick tenderly, while my tongue softly lapped up the final trickles of her
escaping juices, even lapping the sticky, fragrant essence from the soft insides
of her thighs.

When I finally, reluctantly, left her pussy and struggled to my feet I was
astonished to see that sow had actually passed out, and hung limply by her
wrists, her chest still heaving as her body subconsciously fought to recover
after so shattering an experience. I was shocked at the state of her lovely
breasts. The enormous mounds were covered in ugly welts and bruises. A feeling
of sorrow and remorse flowed through me at having been the cause of such
desecration to such beautiful and flawless flesh.

I soon gathered my senses, however, and got up on the chair and gently unbound
sow's wrists and lowered her from her suspension. I carried her over to the
couch and flopped down into it with sow's sweaty nudity cradled on my lap. The
hot skin of her tormented tits crushed tenderly into the moist skin of my own
bare chest while I rocked her slowly and petted her damp, flowing locks.

After about fifteen minutes sow began to regain consciousness. Her arms wound
languidly around my neck and she snuggled up to me in sated contentment. She
buried her beautiful face into my neck and her soft lips nuzzled at my skin
sensually. Every now and then she wriggled her full bottom in my lap to get more
comfortable. I stroked her skin tenderly, caressing her with all the love and
devotion that I had for her, realising that our recent activity had deepened my
love for her even more, if that were possible. I seemed to have passed over to a
new dimension of love, that transcended any that had gone before. I realised
that I loved this gorgeous bundle of slave girl curled up in my lap more than
life itself.

I contented myself with cradling my love, and caressing her smooth beauty for
what seemed ages while she slowly recovered from her cataclysmic ordeal. Time
seemed to stand still while dreams of erotic submission completely took over my
consciousness.

I was wakened from my day dreams by sow when she stirred in my lap, and glued
her lips to mine in a searing kiss that heralded renewed passion. Our tongues
duelled erotically while our senses were revived once again to sexual passion
for which we possessed seemingly bottomless capacity. Eventually sow broke the
kiss, and nuzzled her mouth up to my ear and began to whisper:

"Oh, darling piglet. That was so good. I have never, in my entire life, come so
hard. I though I was going to die from sheer ecstasy. My aching tits were on
fire. My spasming cunt split kept exploding uncontrollably. I couldn't control
it, especially when your adorable mouth began to drink from it. It seemed to
take on a life of its own, the sole purpose of its existence to feed you, my
darling, with oceans of its elixir. I came so hard, and for so long, that it
finally overcame my capacity to absorb such intense pleasure, and I lost
consciousness. My last thought, sweet piglet, was that if I were dying of
pleasure, then you, my eternal love, had granted me that opportunity, and my
love for you burgeoned until it consumed me entirely, and my writhing cunt pit
involuntarily gushed fresh deluges of sex cream for you to savour. It was as
though my adoring cunt could not surrender enough to you, its adulated Master."

I hugged the darling creature hard, crushing her tormented breasts against me,
causing her to quiver with renewed, but obviously delicious hurt. Rather than
moving, to ease her discomfort, the beautiful sow hugged me even harder grinding
her pain soaked tits into my muscular chest with even more passion. She then
giggled, and began to whisper to me again:

"Now its your turn, darling piglet. Are you scared?" Before I could answer she
continued, "I'm going to tie you up so that you can't move a muscle. Then I'm
going to punish your big fat worm for not spitting the scum I longed for so much
into my mouth when I sucked it so cleverly last night!" She chortled into my
ear, "I'll teach your big prick to deny me what is my right! When my mouth wants
a flood of rich creamy ball juice to savour, then the prick I'm sucking had
better surrender it, or suffer the consequences!"

The nude girl wriggled up from my lap and stood before me, staring down at my
seated body in mock severity, and asked again, "I'm going to hurt you terrible,
darling piglet, are you scared?" My heart pounded with both dread and
excitement. I was scared, terrified, in fact. But I was not about to admit that
to the nude vision of loveliness standing over me, and mocking me with her own
recently fulfilled masochism, taunting me with her new found capacities, and
challenging me to meet them with equal alacrity. It was plain to see that she
was not entirely convinced with my protestations of readiness, and fearlessness,
when I made them with a bravado that I was not sure that I actually felt.

We both knew, of course, that this was an experiment to see if I could climax
under such conditions, and so be released from the psychological hold that
Mistress Lotta still held over my sexuality. We both, equally, prayed that the
trial would prove successful, me because it had been so long since I had
orgasmed, and the frustration I suffered was almost unbearable, and sow because
she so adored making men come, and needed so profoundly, to please me sexually
and, of course to satisfy her naturally lustful nature. But, anyhow, we played
out the fantasy, losing ourselves in the excitement and eroticism of the game.

Sow, knowing instinctively of my apprehension, perhaps remembering her own
initial exposure to her latent masochism, began to reassure me while at the same
time, losing herself in her role of domatrix. She explained to me that it was
best to lose oneself in the pain. To experience it as if it were a gift of
exquisite sensation to be savoured and absorbed. While she talked she commanded
me to strip while she prepared the cords for my imminent bondage.

I stripped myself nude, and was somewhat embarrassed by the fact that my prick,
which had been so stiff and aroused while I whipped sow's stunning tits, now
remained soft and limp. Sow commanded me to lay on my back on the low coffee
table, commenting that the state of my prick was not encouraging, but that she
would soon change that. I lay on my back on the cool wooden surface of the long
table as ordered. Sow then quickly secured both my wrists and ankles to the legs
of the table, tying then so tightly that I couldn't escape from my bondage.

When she had completed this initial task I lay, face upwards on the table. My
thighs were well spread allowing her free and unfettered access to my sex. She
crouched between my splayed thighs and grasped my soft cock stem and lay it up
along my belly. The softness of her touch caused my stalk to begin to swell and
lengthen. She then grasped my fat balls in one fist and stretched them down from
my prick base, then wrapped a piece of cord around their base over and over
until the cord formed a collar not unlike that adorning the necks of some
African women, pictured in National Geographic, of certain African tribes. When
she had finished my balls protruded obscenely, smooth skinned and bulging, and
deliciously defenceless, especially when she had wedged a small cup under them
so that they stood upright between my muscular thighs.

Sow grinned mockingly while inspecting her work and then, without warning, dove
down and swallowed my entire length into the warm, wet confines of her voracious
mouth. The consummate sensualist sucked my prick with exquisite eroticism until
it reared up, and stiffened with arousal, and my belly trembled with the
intensity of the pleasure she imparted. When she, reluctantly, allowed my cock
to escape from her wanton mouth it arched up along my flat belly in raging
erection, its purplish head flaring lustfully.

Sow smiled with satisfaction at her work, and took up her last piece of cord.
She wound it around the base of my throbbing prick tube, and tied off each of
its ends to opposite legs of the table. This caused the aching stem of my
pulsating erection to rise up vertically from my hairy groin, like sow, I too
had allowed my pubic hair to grow back after my banishment. Sow stood over me
smiling down at my hopelessly aroused, and completely defenceless nudity, and
said, tauntingly, "This is how I like to see a male slave, tied down and
defenceless, his slave prick stiff and throbbing for my visual entertainment,
His fat nuts, captured and filled with sap, which he longs to surrender to me. A
slave longing to have me visit his craving being with the gift of pain and
suffering!'

My heart pounded with terror, tinged with sexual stimulation of an intensity I
had rarely experienced before. I gazed up at my playful tormentor with a look of
sheer longing, and utter adoration. A fresh surge of adrenalin flowed through my
veins when she retrieved one of the few remaining switches, I having shredded
three of the ones we had cut while thrashing her huge tits, and waved it about
in front of my fevered eyes:

"I'm going to flog your flat tits and palpitating belly for you, slave. I'll not
stop until you beg me to flay your stiff prick for you. Do you understand?"

I nodded my head in the affirmative, not wanting to risk using my voice for fear
of disgracing myself by having my snivelling fear betrayed by it. Sow smiled
knowingly down at me and drew the switch high over her head. Unlike me, she did
not allow me to build up to my ordeal by starting out with softer blows. Rather,
she slashed the cruel switch down onto my chest with fearful force. A line of
fire erupted on the skin of my chest and, despite my earlier resolve not to cry
out my pain and suffering too early, a squeal erupted from my gaping throat.

The pain was terrific, but I had no opportunity to recover from it before the
brutal switch sliced into my flesh once again. I had never experienced such hurt
in my life, and was sure that I would not be able to bear it. Confused
sensations flooded my mind. I wanted the pain to stop in one corner of my
consciousness, but in another wanted it to intensify, yearned for it to
continue, longed for the blows to be delivered ever more cruelly. I was
astonished, in my fevered state, to realise that my prick had become even
stiffer, and throbbed with ever burgeoning arousal.

By the time the tenth, or was it the twentieth stoke, for I had long since lost
count, sliced agonisingly into my flash a strange, eerie, change came over my
blazing soul. That section of my consciousness that yearned for pain and
suffering completely blotted out the part that rebelled against such cruel
agony. My continuous wails of anguish took on a whole new pitch, and I found,
strangely, that I was again in control of my voice. Everything that was
happening became acutely amplified in my consciousness. My chest and belly both
burned and seared with pain, but my blazing prick remained untouched, and it
yearned to suffer and suffer as if it had a mind of its own, and it was not
going to be denied. I squealed out in sheer longing:

"Sweet, sweet Mistress, I am your adoring slave, and long to suffer under your
whip for ever. Please! Please! Please! Adored Mistress, I beg you, I implore you
with every ounce of my love, whip my aching prick! Whip my prick hard! Whip it
without mercy, until it spits its issue to you in total surrender! See how it
stands and throbs with ecstasy at being permitted to perform its lustful,
depraved duty in your incomparable presence sweet Mistress! Punish it savagely
for its impertinence! Whip it brutally for its arrogance! Flay it with all your
might, darling Mistress! Your slave longs to surrender! Your slave yearns to
suffer!"

My almost incoherent babblings went on and on in ever more abject and imploring
tones. Sow, excited by this total transformation in me, was beside herself with
sadistic longing, and wasted no time in arming herself with a fresh switch.
Howls of unadulterated agony were literally torn from my gaping throat when she
slashed the upright stalk of my unbelievably stimulated cock, with all the force
her muscles could muster. I did not believe such agony was possible. Surely I
must pass out from the sheer magnitude of my suffering. My abused prick felt as
though it was being continually branded with a white hot iron with each
merciless lash of the switch. Sow's shrieks of sadistic elation soon matched my
howls of anguish in both pitch and loudness.

Soon my juices were boiling in my swollen balls, and I realised, with a renewed
surge of utter joy, that I was going to climax under the ferocity of my cruel
punishment. I implored my beautiful tormentor to renew her efforts, and to whip
my throbbing cock with more and more savagery. I begged her to lash the tender
swollen orbs of my balls with all her strength, and this was what finally drove
me over the edge. The sheer gut wrenching agony of the whip falling so brutally
on my most sensitive appendages was too much to bear, and my scalding juices
streaked up the pulsating stem of my fire laden prick. I shrieked in utter
ecstasy:

"Adored Mistress, I'm coming! I'm coming! My slave cock is exploding in
ecstasy!" Sow immediately dropped to her knees between my uncontrollably
quivering thighs, and her hot mouth engulfed the tip of my erupting prick.
Enormous streams of creamy spunk gushed with such force that the cheeks of the
sucking woman bulged grotesquely, while she frantically swallowed the offering,
and fought heroically not to waste a precious drop. She, of course was not
successful in her endeavours, such was the force of my climax, and the sheer
amount of rich, hot, cream that poured from the tip of my continuously erupting
prick. Soon little rivers of white cream seeped from the corners of her mouth
and dribbled down onto her thrusting tits. I came and came, with a force and
potency that may have even bettered that with which I had broken all the prick
spurting records at an event in a club I had frequented prior to my exile.

Sow swallowed for all she was worth. Her hands squeezed my churning balls almost
painfully as she worked to extract every drop from my erupting cock. I did not
actually loose consciousness, as sow had done, but I may as well have for all
the control of my own orgasming body that I was able to exercise. Eventually my
contractions began to loose their potency, and the streams of cum pouring from
the tip of my pleasure filled prick began to ebb, until they were mere trickles.
Sow's mouth took on all the aspects of an industrial strength vacuum cleaner as
the lust crazed harlot used it to drain me dry.

Only when she was certain that my slightly wilting prick had no more to give did
sow let it escape from her voracious mouth. She quickly untied me and we
staggered into the bedroom and collapsed, temporarily sated, on the big, soft
bed in each other's arms. Sow was excited beyond belief, despite her physical
exhaustion, by what she had achieved. She continuously expressed her happiness
at having cured me of my disability. For my part I lay contented with my lot.
The spell had finally been broken, and I had discovered a streak in my
personality that had laid dormant for my entire life.

I knew, without question, and with total conviction, that I was a masochist. I
knew, instinctively, that from that moment forward my most exquisite ecstasies
would only occur if I was made to suffer. I knew that I would be able to orgasm
at will once again, but would only experience the level of sexual excess that I
craved when suspended in pain and suffering. I wondered what effect this
revelation would have on my relationship with my beloved sow, when I managed to
raise the courage to explain it to her. I wondered if she would commit to become
my new Mistress. Given her own obvious masochistic leanings, which I had no idea
if they the same, or even approaching the level of intensity of my own, she
might not want to. With these thoughts dominating my awareness I drifted off to
sleep.

I woke a couple of hours later with sow's hairy pussy pressed up against my
face, and her delightful sex fragrance filling my senses. My already stiffened
cock was buried down her gulping throat, and the insatiable nymphomaniac was
sucking me with exquisite eroticism. I reached up and cupped her seeping sex in
both hands. I used my thumbs to part the plump outer lips of her plump sex,
baring the stiffening stalk of her clitoral nub. I used the very tip of my
tongue to tease the slowly growing stem to full rigidity. Soon its shiny little
head , and at least half of the length of its little stem, had escaped from the
protection of its sheath. I continued to tease the throbbing girl prick with
tantalising tenderness, and was soon required to use my hands to still sow's
writhing hips as her pleasure began to move to its inevitable peak.

The juices in my balls began to boil with sow's wanton sucking, and her writhing
pussy meat began to seep ever more copious flows of her own sweet tart juices.
We worked on each other's sex until we were shaking with lust and sexual
excitement, and then our orgasms overtook us. My cock cream poured into my
love's adoring mouth, while my own ravenous gullet slurped up her flowing juices
with joy and happiness. Sow relinquished my softening cock as on as she had
milked it dry, turned her nudity around, and snuggled up to me, sighing:

"Oh darling, I love you so. But I love what your delicious worm feeds me even
more. I'm never going to let it out of my sight again, for the rest of my life.
So you had better get used to it." I sighed happily, and reciprocated my
feelings as well, assuring sow we would never again be parted. While we talked
sow caressed my cock until it was yet again erect and throbbing. It had been
some time since I had come, so I knew that I had plenty in reserve, and would be
able to come at least a couple more times that night. Sow, of course, could come
over and over, and seemed never to be able to get enough.

I rolled over on top of her, not bothering to protect her from my weight, and
plunged my prick into her drenched pussy hole, to the hilt, in one full stroke.
Sow sighed with contentment, and the velvet muscles of her sex pouch squeezed my
buried prick mercilessly. I pumped her wildly, no thought of her needs crossed
my mind. She, of course loved every second of it, and her hips rose to meet
every stoke. Soon I was climaxing yet again, emptying my cream into her clasping
hole in an eruption of sheer pleasure.

Once my climax had fully run its course I collapsed into her arms and dozed off.
I woke with a start, to the rapturous sensations of my again stiff, aching cock
being caught in the vice of sow's hot, humid arse chasm. She was crouched over
me, my throbbing prick buried to the hilt up her arse pit. She was bouncing up
and down, her well whipped tits flying with her efforts, and a look of sheer
wanton lust creasing her beautiful face. I reached up and grabbed her tits in
both hands, drew a turgid teat into my hungry mouth and suckled it with a
growing passion. All too soon her talented arse pit had drained me of my ball
cream, and she had again collapsed, sated for the moment, in my arms. This time
we both went into a deep sleep that lasted well into the next day.




Chapter 4 - Realisation

Over the next week we spent almost all of our time engaged in sexual activity,
making up for lost time, sow insisted. It was clear that our wanton natures had
in no way been diminished by our enforced abstinence. Indeed, our lustful
cravings were, if anything, even more acute now than they had ever been before.
For my part, I struggled with how I was going to broach the subject of my newly
discovered masochistic mania to sow, and worried constantly at how she might
react to it.

Little did I know that sow had been thinking the same thing. She wanted me to
become her Master as much as I wanted to become her slave. We were caught in an
impasse. We both realised that we were hopelessly masochistic, and both longed
to suffer at the hands of dominants. What were we to do. We had pored over the
heap of S&M culture magazines that my friend had sent, but could find no
opportunities for our desires in them. In fact my banishment was still clearly
news in many of the contact mags. My picture was published with a unmistakable
warning that my needs were never to be catered for by any dominant, female or
male. Sow's picture was not published. Clearly she was not considered important
due to the conditions associated with her sale.

A couple of weeks after we had arrived I was called up by the shopkeeper who
informed me that he was holding another large package for me, and did I want him
to deliver it. I thanked him for his offer, but said that I needed to come down
for more supplies anyhow, and I would pick it up then. Sow pleaded to come with
me but I refused her requests, patiently explaining that we still needed to
exercise care as our enemies would, no doubt, be still looking for us.

I set off down to the village with hope in my heart. I knew that the package
awaiting me contained a new supply of magazines, and hoped that we may discover
something in at least one of them that we could explore. I was also a little
apprehensive because I knew that the culture would have been made aware of sow's
escape by now, and was anxious to find out what the reaction to that knowledge
was to be. I had soon packed up the car with a load of groceries, fresh
vegetables, fruit, and meat, not to mention a good supply of beer and rum, and
ample quantities of coke.

The package was huge, and must have contained hundreds of magazines. The store
keeper displayed his natural curiosity, but I fobbed him off with stories of
books I required for my research. Soon I was on my way back into the mountains,
a heap of the latest news papers on the seat beside me. I had not been able to
contain my own curiosity, and had perused these prior to beginning the return
trip. Certainly the initial sensationalism of sow's apparent abduction had died
down, but there was still a standing offer of a substantial reward for
information leading to her safe return. Thankfully, in the papers at least, I
had not yet been connected to the supposed kidnapping.

Sow was waiting anxiously for me when I returned. We unloaded the car quickly,
both impatient to get into the package. As soon as everything had been stowed,
and we had eaten a good meal, we settled down to explore our prize. As I had
contemplated the package contain innumerable magazines devoted to the S&M and
B&D culture. Contact mags made up most of these, along with news letters and the
like.

It took us a couple of days to go through them all, frequently broken by our
need to satisfy our lusts, heightened, no doubt, by the highly erotic content of
the publications. We soon discovered that sow was now also on the banned list
for all dominants, as I had been all along. This did not seem to trouble sow,
but what did trouble both of us was the fact that I had now been positively
linked to sow's abduction. Whether this was supposition on the part of the
editors, or whether they had any real proof of my involvement was not clear. But
it did make our futures a lot more clouded. Not only did we have the law looking
for us, but also all adherents to the culture would now be on the lookout. We
would have to be extra careful when we finally left our hide away.

While going through one of the better quality news magazines something caught my
eye, and alerted me to the fact that I was sure that I had something seen
similar before, in the same publication. It was a notice, by a Mistress,
alerting readers to the fact that a slave of hers had seemed to disappear while
on vacation in the principality of Natchez. I explained to sow what I suspected,
and we went through all of the books, extracting all the issues of this
particular news letter. When we had collected them all I found we had all issues
for the past three years.

We began to go though the publications starting from the earliest. By the time
we had finished we had found twelve apparent disappearances, all in the
principality. All disappearances involved submissives only. Most were single
people but two were pairs. A Mistress complaining that her pair of lesbian sluts
had not returned from a holiday in Natchez, and a Master alerting anyone who
noticed to the fact that his twin male slaves had disappeared while all three
were holidaying in Natchez.

The later occurrences were accompanied by warnings to members of the culture
about going to Natchez. Realisation that it was a dangerous place finally
hitting home. Natchez was a popular destination for members of the culture
because its ruler was known to be a sadist, and the laws of the tiny
principality did not discriminate against this type of sexual leaning. Indeed,
it was positively encouraged in visitors to the realm. I had never been there
myself, surmising that Mistress Lotta would have certainly covered that
particular base on my banishment.

We poured over the heap of news letters, including all the other similar ones we
had, looking for evidence of any of the apparent abductees turning up again.
There was no such occurrence. This did not mean, of course, that none had,
although I was sure that had it have happened it would have certainly been
recorded in at least one of the publications. In addition, of course, it was
entirely feasible that the disappearees had merely decided to change their life
styles. But this we both agreed was unlikely in so many cases over that
relatively short period. It looked as though someone, or some organisation, was
using Natchez to stock a stable of human slaves.

It could, of course, be the prince who was doing this, but this was unlikely as
he would have found it difficult to hide such an activity for so long. No it was
more likely to be some one from a place like Africa, or the middle east where
slavery was still generally practised. And since Natchez catered to the sexual
nature of slavery, it was almost certain that the slaves abducted were taken for
their sexual submission.

We had soon decided that Natchez was clearly worthy of our scrutiny, especially
as a couple of pairs we knew about had been taken there, and we had vowed that
we would be separated again. I decided to make a trip to the principality to
reconnoitre the place. Sow pleaded to be allowed to come with me but I
steadfastly refused, explaining that the risks of discovery, not of abduction by
whoever was doing so in Natchez, by our former owners were too high. And it
would be unbearable if our hopes for the future were to be dashed by our former
owners, even before we had the chance to offer ourselves as willing abductees.

Over the next two weeks I grew my beard, and we dyed my hair to disguise my
appearance as much as possible. Sow continued to plead with me to let her come,
but held firm to my assessment of the risk, explaining to her on one occasion
while cupping her enormous breasts in my hands, that, while I could quite
successfully alter my appearance we would never be able to hide her gorgeous
tits, and they would become our undoing.

Sow, petulant as ever, took out her frustration on me, tying me up and thrashing
my balls with a heavy leather strap we had found until I howled with anguish and
promised to fuck her non stop while flaying her tits, until she passed out,
before I left. The principality was only a day's drive away, and I planned to be
away for less than a week. This finally mollified sow, but did not stop her from
tormenting me mercilessly, right up to the day of my departure.

I impressed on my lovely slave girl that she had to exercise complete care while
I was away. She was not to take any kind of risk that might lead to someone
discovering her presence. She was not, under any circumstances, to answer the
phone if it rang. If any one was to approach the cabin sow was to slip out and
hide in the woods until they had gone. I explained to her that she had plenty of
titillating books to read to allay her boredom, and intimated that I had dreamed
up a little surprise I would give her before I left, which was a mistake because
she pestered me non stop from then on to reveal what it was.

True to my word on that day I laid sow's nude beauty out on the kitchen bench.
Tied a thin cord around the thick base of my erect cock, to prevent ejaculation,
and drove it, to the hilt, up her silky cunt sleave. While I pumped at her with
relentless persistence I flayed her vast tits savagely with the leather strap.
Within minutes sow was coming, and she continued to climax, over and over to the
heady mixture of pain and pleasure that I assailed her with.

After five hours of constant ravishment she finally slipped into
unconsciousness, her reddened tits rising and falling in time with her comatose
breathing. I extracted my horrifically aching cock from her now slack, drenched
pussy, untied the cord at its base and allowed it to spew its enormous flood of
warm creamy ball juice all over her abused tits. As soon as my prick had
softened I dressed in readiness to leave.

I went and retrieved a crude chastity belt I had fashioned, and locked it onto
sow's crotch. I drove the ten inch dildo I had purchased to ream out my own arse
when I had been trying to find a way to make my prick gush, all the way up sow's
slack cunt tube, locked it in place and turned it on. Sow moaned in her state of
unconsciousness when the sensations of the dildo began to affect her. I knew
that sow could free herself from the belt if she wanted to, but somehow I knew
she would not. Rather she would enjoy being subjected to continuous sexual
stimulation for hour after hour, day after day, until I returned.

I took my suitcase out to the car, put it into the boot, got in and drove off. 
I stopped off at the village to fill up with gas. I visited the store and
informed the owner that I was visiting my publisher for a few days, and asked
him to intercept any calls I may have during that time. He commented on my new
appearance and I explained it away, saying that I wanted to surprise a certain
young lady I intended to visit on my trip, and didn't want her husband
recognising me. He entered into the spirit of the thing, although I think his
wife was a little shocked. I smiled, and winked at her as I left. It paid not to
arouse any suspicions with these country folk.

I bad the couple goodbye and commenced my journey. While I drove I wondered if
my darling sow had regained her senses, and if she had, how she was taking to
what I had done to her before I left. I began to plan out in my mind how I would
proceed when I arrived at Natchez. I decided to play the part of a private
investigator, looking for someone who had disappeared. This, I surmised would be
a credible cover for asking the types of questions I wanted answers to without
raising too much suspicion among the locals.




Chapter 5 - Natchez

I arrived in the principality of Natchez in the early evening. I booked into a
tourist motel, not one of the many advertising S&M services, being careful to
minimise the risk of being recognised. I went straight to bed and slept for
twelve hours straight after the long drive, not to mention a certain few hours
of strenuous sexual activity prior to leaving. I awoke refreshed, showered and
dressed, then ventured out into the streets of this strange and bizarre place.

While looking for a place to eat I was struck by the amount of leather and
chains being worn by the crowds that, even at this early hour, wandered the
streets. There were numerous shops and boutiques catering to the S&M market
lining the streets. In fact, the whole town seemed to be dedicated to bondage
and domination. Numerous night spots advertising S&M exhibitions seemed well
patronised, despite it being quite early in the morning.

I found a cafe and settled down to eat a hearty breakfast. The sheer excitement
of the place soon had me suspended in a state of erotic euphoria. After I had
eaten I decided to visit one of the more plush night spots, to commence my
inquiries. You can imagine my shock when I approached one of the places, only to
see my photo, along with a number of others, including sow's, displayed next to
the ticket window adjacent to the door. Luckily for me I looked nothing like the
photograph in my present disguise. Never the less my heart pounded with
trepidation when I tendered my money to the big titted, leather clad woman
sitting in the booth. She hardly bothered to inspect me before handing me my
change, along with a token which she explained allowed me to enter the premises
any time within the following twenty four hours.

I showed my token to a huge, muscular doorman who then allowed me to enter. He
scrutinised me much more closely than the ticket seller had before opening the
door for me. I entered the dim interior of the club. Its walls were decorated
with whips and chains and other S&M goodies. The seats and couches scattered
around in front of a quite large stage already had many occupants. Small sets of
stocks, and other bondage contraptions were interspersed among these, and a
couple were even being put to their intended use.

At the time there was nothing going on, on the stage. I looked around and soon
spied the bar with its line up of stools, and a bar tender, dressed in the
seemingly mandatory black leather. I wandered over to the bar and perched on a
seat. The bar tender approached me and I ordered a beer, making sure to leave
him a generous tip. I made a further inspection of the establishment while I
sipped my drink, and struggled to find a credible way to strike up a
conversation with the man behind the bar.

After a while, and while I was ordering a refill, I decided to take the direct
approach and asked him if he was familiar with the spate of disappearances that
had seemed to take place in Natchez. His initial reaction was one of annoyance,
which I was quick to attempt to mollify. I quickly explained that I was a
private detective, hired by a Mistress to try to locate her favourite slave who
had apparently visited Natchez, and had never returned. I sweetened my pitch by
placing a hundred dollar bill on the bar, and telling the man to keep the
change.

He wandered off and spent a few minutes polishing glasses before his greed got
the better of him and he returned to me. "What do you want to know?" He asked. I
replied, "Anything you think might be of use. I'm in your hands. It's you who
knows this place, not me." The Bar tender, enticed by yet another hundred dollar
bill, began to speak:

"I don't know all that much really." He said, then continued quickly, no doubt
realising that my interest needed to be kept, if he was to profit more. "There's
this weird guy who turns up every year. In fact I'm pretty sure he's in town at
the moment. He always dresses in a neck to ankle black leather cloak that covers
him completely, and his skull is completely bald. He gets around with a couple
of heavies from the prince's secret police, always the same two. I've seen him
point out people to the two goons, and I'm sure that these people, if they don't
disappear entirely, at least go missing for a few days. I know for sure that a
couple of lesbian sluts were abducted following their being fingered by this
weird guy about a year ago, on his last visit."

I pricked my ears up at this revelation because it fitted with what I had read
in the news letter. I slipped yet another hundred to the bar tender, and he
continued:

"I know about the two lesie slaves because their Mistress made quite a fuss over
their disappearance, and had to be bought off by the prince himself. The buzz
around the traps is that this weird guy represents some filthy rich arab who is
building a stable of white slaves for his personal enjoyment, but I wouldn't put
my house on that being the case. If I was you, however, I would be real careful.
Two private dicks poking around down here have already disappeared in the last
couple of years. The secret police here don't take too kindly to outsiders
poking their noses into things local."

I assured the big bar tender that I had no intention of bringing any heat down
over the case I was working on. I merely wanted to find out what happened, not
to rock any local boats with intervention. I asked him how long the stranger had
been in town, and how long he usually stayed. He informed me that as far as he
knew the guy had only just arrived, and he usually hung around for a month or
so, but it varied with each trip.

The bar tender moved off to serve some other customers. While he was gone I
turned and looked at a scene being enacted at one of the stocks. A male slave
had been stripped and locked into the stocks. Another leather clad male, huge
and muscular, was preparing to lash the captive one's arse slabs with a long
thin cane. The first stroke lashed into the erotically undulating mounds and
elicited a small squawk from the captive slave. I watched as stroke after stroke
was delivered with unerring accuracy by the sadist. I saw that the suffering
slave's cock had become erect and swayed out from his smoothly shaven groin with
the fall of each lash. My own prick was soon pressing insistently against my
pants at the sheer sexual nature of the activity.

The bar tender returned after satisfying the needs of his customers. He watched
me watching the caning for a few moments, and then smiled knowingly. "There's a
club about a half a mile down the street called the "Slave's Haven". It's a much
heavier place than this. As far as I know it's the place most favoured by this
weird guy. I know that's where the two lesies were fingered." I nodded my
thanks, wondering, given the savagery with which the captive male was being
caned, what much heavier actually meant, and a shudder of thrilling dread washed
over me.

The bar tender was watching me closely, that knowing smile still plastered
across his thick lips. "So what are you, buddy. A dom or a sub?"  I started at
the question, and my cheeks flushed hotly. Was I so transparent. I was glad that
the club was so dimly lit, except for the area where the slave was being caned,
and bar tender couldn't clearly see my embarrassment. I stuttered out my reply
to his loaded question, flushing even more hotly as I did, "I'm a submissive,
actually. The Mistress who sent me down here is also my personal owner." The bar
tender shrugged, obviously he had thought, from my interest in the goings on
across from us that I was homosexual. "So your a hetero then." He commented. I
flushed even more deeply, my aching prick almost bursting with arousal, then
rejoined. "Mistress has trained me serve either sex with equal devotion." I
explained, glancing down at his leather encased crotch, only to see that he had
extracted one of the longest, thickest cocks I had ever seen. The enormous organ
flopped down to the midway point between his crotch and knees, and was capped
with a mighty head.

I stared at the huge prick in awe, quite forgetting what a spectacle I must have
been making to the owner of the gorgeous pole of lust. "What would you give to
be on your knees sucking it, whore?" He inquired with a mocking laugh. I was now
beside myself with lust, my mouth had flooded with the liquids of submissive
longing. I would do anything to be permitted to have this marvellous prick
buried dow my gullet, and was quick to say so, "Oh Master, I would do anything
to be permitted to pleasure your magnificent cock, anything, anything!"

The bar tender reached over and raised the bar flap. "Come and get it, harlot.
While you work I'm sure I'll think of some form of payment to extract from you
for the privilege!" With almost indecent haste I was behind the bar, and on my
knees before the huge bar tender. Before I had got there he had reached into his
leather pants and had extracted his immense balls. I tentatively reached out and
delicately lifted his massive stalk away from the huge orbs. I pressed my lips
to each fat orb with utter adulation and breathed throatily:

"Oh Master, such big balls packed so full of succulent sap! I would be honoured
beyond imagining if you were to permit my unworthy mouth to pleasure your
stunning penis! I would be favoured beyond belief if you permitted me to drain
the luscious sap from your wonderful big balls! I concluded placing another kiss
of sheer adoration on each of the swollen orbs.

The big bar tender laughed again, and snapped, "Get on with it, slut!" I moved
my face back away from the huge balls my hands still tenderly cupped, bent my
head down, and placed a soft kiss on the tip of the musky glans of his beautiful
cock. My tongue shot out of my mouth and laved wetly over the satiny skin of the
gradually swelling sex knob. My taste buds were immediately flooded with the
rich, aromatic flavours of male sexuality, and I sighed with submissive
happiness and allowed my agile tongue to scoop the fat knob into the hot wet
confines of my welcoming mouth. Once the prick head was inside I slipped my
stretched lips down the length of the prick tube, letting it creep, exquisitely
slowly, down my submissively accepting throat. I did not stop until my now
grotesquely stretched open lips were pressed into the bush at the base of the
man's cock.

My throat muscles then began to erotically massage the buried meat. Soon the big
prick began to swell and stiffen, filling my gaping gullet as completely as it
had ever been filled before. It was all I could do to stop myself from choking
on such a huge invasion, but I managed it. A few moments later the prick was
completely erect, and had already began to throb with the man's arousal. When
this was apparent I slowly extracted the hard meaty bar until only the flaring
head was still in my mouth. I sensually tongued the velvety knob for a few
seconds before again driving my lips down the stem, and burying the entire
pulsating length down my welcoming gullet.

I set up an exquisitely slow motion, sucking the prick all the way down my
sensuously working throat, then allowing it to emerge until my avid tongue could
tease the swollen knob at its tip, then repeating the whole process over again.
I was in heaven. I had never sucked such a beautiful prick in my life. It was so
much bigger and more manly than even Master Frederick's had been, and tasted so
much more delicious. I could not wait for the cream to spurt from its tip, to
flood my gullet, to slide down into my yearning belly to cool there.

A gruff male voice suddenly split the silence, "Is he any good, bud?" The answer
was immediate, "This is not the first joint this slut has ever sucked, that's
for sure!" The bar tender cried, his voice clearly betraying the pleasure he was
experiencing. "I wonder if his arse is any good." The other voice mused. "Why
don't you try it and see!" The bar tender laughed, then continued, "I was going
to strip the slut, install him on the stage, and whip his arse to shreds for the
entertainment of the clientele, as payment for drinking my prick dry, but having
you fuck his brains out is even a better idea."

No sooner had the bar tender completed his statement than I felt a pair of hands
haul me up from my knees. My mouth never missed a beat in its depraved sucking
of the bar tender's prick while my pants were lowered, and a pair of hands tore
the cheeks of my bottom apart to bare my anal ring. Despite my intense
concentration on my sucking I still had the presence of mind to lewdly wink my
anal pout at the man behind me, in clear invitation to him to fuck me.

I felt a hot, slick knob of meat nudge at my ring. My heart pounded. It was so
huge. It would tear me apart. I wanted it so badly. I needed it more than
anything in the world, except perhaps, for the cock I sucked so passionately. I
grunted into the cock stuffing my throat when the one at my rear was driven past
my sphincter, and began to invade the hot, humid confines of my elastic arse
tunnel. I moaned and strained to loosen my muscles to accept the massive
invasion. The huge cock crept slowly into me, filling me completely. My rectal
muscles squeezed and palpitated against the rock hard meat on the violating
prick. The hot throbbing organ was thrust into my writhing bottom to the hilt,
and I loved every millimetre of it.

I immediately began to undulate my bottom in perfect time with the sucking of my
mouth. I was in submissive paradise. My mouth pleasured one gorgeous cock, while
my arse chute visited its own brand of ecstasy on another. What more could I
want. My thoughts, such as they were, went out to sow, and how envious she would
have been if she could see me now.

The prick in my mouth began to peak well before the one in my arse. Obviously I
had been working my magic on it for longer. The bar tender soon began to gasp
out his pleasure, and his prick seemed to swell even more in my avid mouth. I
caressed and squeezed the man's churning balls, and sucked harder and more
passionately, bringing him ever closer to the moment of release. He roared out
loud as he climaxed, and his ball juice flooded into my mouth. My brain sang
with joy while mouthful after mouthful of pungent sex juice slid down my gulping
throat. The bar tender's cock erupted at least seven times before the potency of
his climax began to wane. My lips coaxed every last drop of the luscious juice
from it, and my fingers squeezed every ounce from his slowly slackening balls.

The man collapsed against the bar totally drained. I had emptied him completely,
and had joyously fed on the ambrosia of his sexuality. My belly wallowed with
contented satisfaction, filled with scrumptious male sex cream. Finally I
allowed the sated prick to fall from my mouth. I kissed the slack balls hanging
from its base in gratitude for a few seconds, and then went to work in earnest
on the cock my arse chute was servicing.

I rolled and shimmied my bottom erotically, and my interior rectal muscles
massaged the pistoning pole with all the sensual expertise I could muster. Soon
the man was inundating my bowels in a flood of ball juice, and my ecstatic arse
pit drained him completely. As soon as his spent cock popped free of my hole I
fell back to my knees, turned to face my ravisher, and pleaded in display of
utterly submissive, and humiliating jubilation, "Please, adored Master, allow
this slut to cleans your wonderful prick of the putrid secretions of its harlot
arse that you have so beautifully fucked. The huge doorman gazed down at my
pleading form and snapped, "I expect nothing less, pig. Get you foul snout into
my crotch, and get to work!"

I flushed with an even deeper shame than before, but never the less, soon my
tongue was busily engaged in washing the reeking skin of the wilted cock. My
senses were inundated with the rank taste of arsehole and cock cream. I tongued
the huge stalk until every speck of the offending mixture had been removed, and
thanked the man for the privilege while he packed his cock back into his pants
and returned to his post at the door.

I struggled to me feet and pulled my pants back up. I closed my sphincter tight
so that the ravisher's juices would not seep out and soil my clothing, and moved
back out to the other side of the bar. The bar tender served me another drink,
and refused my money, telling me that this one was on the house. While I sipped
my beer I watched the male whose arse had been caned kneeling between his
tormentor's thighs while his mouth sucked avidly on the sadist's stiff throbbing
prick.

Off to one side a Master sat in an easy chair. A young female slave, nude except
for hose and garter belt, knelt before his leather clad form. The little slave
had her hands clasped behind her head in classic submission, and thrust out her
remarkably plump and shapely tits to her Master. The cruel man was casually
battering the soft, tender mounds with a vicious leather paddle, while the
sufferer declared her undying love for him.

I asked the bar tender to direct me to the best restaurant he knew, as it was,
by now, early evening, and I had become very hungry. I slipped out of the night
club, found the diner and ate a fulsome meal. I then retired to my motel room
and had an early night. Tomorrow I would visit the "heavy" club, and my search
for the bizarre stranger would begin. I hoped against hope that the bar tender
was right, and the exotic man was really in town. I decided not to masturbate
before sleeping, preferring to keep myself in a state of sexual tension in case
I needed my sexual energy the next day. Needless to say this decision made
getting to sleep quite a feat.


The next morning I slept late, having had so much trouble getting off to sleep
the night before, and it was early afternoon before I finally left my room. I
spent a few hours looking around the town and eventually found the club the bar
tender of the night before had alerted me to. I was surprised, and happy, to
find that it did not have any photographs of so called runaway slaves displayed
at its entrance. Also this establishment did not open until seven at night. I
went off to find a place to eat to help wile away the time while I waited for it
to open. By the time I had returned it was past eight, so things were already in
full swing.

I paid my entrance fee and moved into the darkened interior. The bar tender was
right. This establishment certainly catered for the more extreme adherents of
the culture. Along with the myriad of bondage and discipline paraphernalia that
both decorated its interior, and were available for use by patrons, were
numerous pieces of equipment designed purely for the punishment and torment of
slaves. The club was set out remarkably similarly to the one I had visited the
night before, and I was soon able to find the bar.

The bar tender at this establishment was not the gregarious type, but that
didn't really matter for I believed that I had learnt all that I needed to know.
He served me with a beer and I settled down on my bar stool to inspect the
premises, and hopefully to get a glimpse of the strange man that I had been
alerted to. There were only a few patrons present, but I surmised that the main
action in this club didn't start until late in the night. My heart leapt into my
mouth when I looked up on the stage and saw that a slave was already on display
there.

The slave was a woman who was in the midst of being punished for some unknown
misdemeanour or other, for the notice on an easel beside her did not state her
crime, only her punishment. The woman was, of course, completely nude, and
captured in severe bondage. Her arms were held above her head by means of a
chain suspended from the ceiling, and attached to leather cuffs on her wrists,
while her legs were anchored to the floor of the stage and kept well apart by
means of cuffs at the ankles. In fact, her feet did not touch the floor, which
meant that she was actually suspended by her wrists.

The suffering woman's big tits were bound at their bases with thin straps that
caused them to both bulge grotesquely, and to stand straight out from her torso.
The big mounds were pinkish red in colour, because, I suppose, of their
restriction, and each showed clear evidence that it had been recently whipped.
The stiff teats that capped each swollen tit was pierced and ringed. Between the
woman's legs a pole rose from the floor of the stage. At the top of the pole a
huge stone dildo was being plunged in and out of the woman's cunt pit. The dildo
must have been at least three inches in diameter, and the motor that drove it
caused at least ten inches of it to be driven into her pussy hole with each
stroke.

I watched with fascination as the machine worked on the captive slave. The
enormous stone cock would retract until her fat, swollen pussy flaps would
almost relinquish it. Then it would drive back upwards, until its entire length
had disappeared into her, spreading her cunt lips impossibly wide. The sheer
size of the cock must have been hurting the woman as it stretched her sex so
violently, but I could see that its surface glistened with her juices each time
its length was revealed and, indeed, her juices also had the insides of her
shuddering thighs well drenched.

I saw her belly tremble after one inward stroke, and her thighs flex as much as
her bondage would allow, and realised that she was climaxing under the brutal
dildo's assault. She made no sound while her ravished cunt spasmed
uncontrollable around its incredibly thick, and relentless invader because her
mouth was heavily gagged with a penis gag so large that it caused her cheeks to
bulge, and her lips to form a mere thin line around its base, such was the
cruelly stretched state they were in. I watched as the slave's violated pussy
bathed the huge stone invader with a fresh coating of cunt cream, and then read
the notice displayed on the easel beside her:

"This slut is sentenced to forty eight hours non stop fucking by the stone cock.
On the hour, each hour her fat tits are to receive twelve strokes of the cat,
delivered by the club's mighty Whip Master."

No wonder the suffering woman's big swollen tits looked so pain soaked and
abused. I wondered how far into her sentence she was by now, but had no way of
knowing, of course. This was the only action taking place in the club and I
spent the next couple of hours sipping on a few beers, and looking at the
patrons as they came in. The costumes of the dominants at this place were much
more inventive than I had seen earlier, and generally did nothing to disguise
their sexuality. I noticed that all patrons seemed to wear cloaks which they
handed to attendants when they entered. It was just as well because, even in a
liberated environment like the principality I suspected that many would be
arrested if they went about dressed as they were in the street.

A few brought slaves with them, and these, once their cloaks had been removed,
were invariably naked. Many were pierced and ringed, and most were shorn of hair
in their forks. Once their owners had settled down most of the slaves merely
knelt at their feet. As more and more patrons arrived I began to feel decidedly
out of place, dressed as I was in normal street clothes. In order to make myself
less conspicuous I moved right to the end of the bar where it was darker, and
much quieter in terms of patrons visiting, although scantily clad waitresses and
waiters seemed to take care of most of the patrons' needs.

I gasped in wonderment when a huge black man moved into my line of vision and
mounted the stage. He was dressed in black leather chaps, highly polished jack
boots, and an open leather vest. His crotch was bare and a prick of monumental
proportions hung from his groin, the base of its thick ropy stem hanging heavily
over a set of hairy balls the size of oranges. The huge man, at least six feet
seven inches tall, and as muscular as any pro footballer I had ever seen, set up
another easel, and taped a notice to it. Once he had completed his task he moved
off the stage and I was able to read the notice:

"At midnight my whore slut is to receive her final piercing, and is then to be
branded with my personal mark, marking the slut as my property. Following the
ceremony I will make the harlot available to any and all who wish to use her for
the remainder of the evening."

After having read the notice I moved my gaze back to the main area of the club,
trying to pick out where the monster who had placed the notice had gone. A
glance at my watch revealed that there was about an hour and a half to go before
the action with his slave would take place. Eventually I found him. He was
seated on a couch next to a black woman, almost a huge as he was himself. From
what I could see of her she was also dressed similarly to him, and her ebony
breasts were truly enormous, at least as large as sow's massive mounds, but not
appearing to be so because, unlike sow, this woman was naturally big all over
while sow is really quite petite, except for her enormous tits.

Kneeling before the dominant duo, completely naked, was a tiny slave girl. The
slave faced the dominant duo so I couldn't see any of her nudity except for her
bare bottom which was plump, smooth, and shapely. I knew that the tiny slave was
not a child because I was able to see the bulge of what would have to be a
reasonably sized tit peeking out from her side as she prostrated herself like a
muslim worshipper before her dominants.

Suddenly my attention was riveted to the club's entrance. Three men had just
entered, and they fitted the description the bar tender of the night before had
given me perfectly. The tall bald headed man was dressed in a black silk cloak
that covered him completely, form neck to toe. His complexion was deathly pale,
and contrasted with his attire with bizarre starkness. The strange man was
flanked by two well built men dressed in black leather costumes that looked like
uniforms worn by police, complete with belts from which hung steel handcuffs and
rubber truncheons. The dreaded secret police, no doubt, but if they were so
secret then their attire certainly betrayed their profession, but, I suppose,
all things were a bit different in this quaint principality.

The trio barely moved into the interior of the club, and I was sure that they
would not be able to see me in my dark corner. They were clearly inspecting the
patronage, as though they were looking for someone in particular. After a few
minutes of scrutiny the trio left, perhaps not seeing anyone who took their
fancy. I went back to my drink, deciding to myself that I would stay to see the
piercing, and branding ceremony before returning to my motel. I would leave for
home first thing in the morning, collect sow, and return. But before I left I
would shop around in the many bizarre boutiques for costumes appropriate for sow
and myself to display our wares for the strange abductor, for I was now almost
certain that this creature was involved in the disappearances occurring in
Natchez.

I sat there, dreaming of things to come, while I waited for the show to start.
All of a sudden a hand grasped a handful of my hair, and savagely wrenched my
head back, and I found myself staring, wide eyed and terrified, into the cruel
dark features of the massive negress who I had seen sitting with her male
counterpart earlier, "What are you hiding from, you little whore?" the awesome
black female barked, obviously guessing that I was a submissive, although, even
if I wasn't, I would not have put any money on my being able to subdue this
woman had I had the need to.

I stammered out that I wasn't hiding, just trying not to get in the way, being
sure to call her glorious Mistress when I addressed her. Her mighty hand
literally hauled me off my stool and thrust me down onto my knees before her, so
that I was staring straight into her bare crotch. Her pussy was huge, and
covered with a bush of dark crinkly hair. Not enough hair, however, to hide the
long thick lips, nor a prominent clitoral ridge the size of which promised a
woman cock as big as a young penis. With my face, still held in the amazon's
tight grip a mere inch or so away from the sex, my nostrils were assailed with
the rich, tart aroma of it, a female aroma stronger than any I had smelled
before.

The huge negress allowed me to stare at, and smell her sex for a few moments
before she hauled me back onto my feet and deposited me back on my stool. My
cock was as stiff as steel by this time, and struggled to be contained within
the confines of my loose fitting trousers. Still keeping a firm grip on my neck
the woman reached down with her other hand and grasped my stem through the
material. A cruel smile split her thick lips and she commented, "Not too bad for
a white boy, slut, but its not going to enter the paradise I just allowed you to
see."

She extracted what looked like a piece of jewellery and placed it on the bar in
front of me and then spoke again, "My partner and I saw you staring at us, slut,
no doubt dreaming about how good his cock would feel being driven down your
harlot throat, or even reaming out your white arse chute. But it's not to be,
whore, he has other fish to fry tonight, as you well know." She turned my head
up towards hers and gazed into my wide eyes. "But I need a diversion while he
attends to the final subjugation of his newest slut, don't I?" Before I could
answer she let go of my neck and said, "If you agree to wear my little broach on
the tip of your puny prick, slut, I'll permit you to worship my arsehole while
the ceremony is taking place, would you like that, whore?"

I stumbled from my stool and knelt at the amazon's feet, kissed the toes of her
stiletto heeled pumps and gasped, "It would be my privilege to serve you,
glorious Mistress, in any way you desire!"  The woman yanked me back onto my
feet, collected her broach, being sure to show me its purpose, and placed a
stiff leather cock ring on the bar in front of me. My heart pounded with dread
at the nature of the broach. It consisted of a cluster of jewels attached to a
spring clamp the jaws of which were lined with sharply honed spikes. I could
only imagine the agony it would inflict on the nerve filled tip of my cock when
those cruel jaws snapped shut over it.

"Strip, slut. Give your clothes to the attendant. Put on the cock ring, and
crawl over to where I'm seated, and prepare to attend me." The haughty woman
commanded, and then turned and walked back to her seat. I watcher her go in awe
at the size and power of her voluptuous bare bottom cheeks, flushing deeply when
it hit me that my face was soon to be buried between those gorgeous slabs. I
quickly stripped nude and handed my clothes to the waiting bar tender, who
stowed them under the bar. My prick arched up my belly, stiff as steel, and
ached with wanton, submissive lust. I strapped the cock ring around its base and
was surprised to see that the leather collar was designed to force my cock to
stand straight out from my fork.

I dropped to hands and knees and crawled off over to the seated negress. When I
got there a scantily clad waitress was busy hauling a special seat into place
next to the seated domatrix. As soon as I arrived the Mistress commanded my to
lay on the lower part of the seat face upwards. I did as commanded and was
quickly bound in place at ankles knees, belly, torso, shoulders, elbows, and
wrists until I couldn't move a muscle. I found that my position caused my hot
stiff cock to stand straight up from my crotch, and my head hung below, and in
the centre of a form of toilet seat.

The negress got up and straddled the bizarre seat. I stared up in awe as a pair
of enormous black bottom cheeks descended towards my face. The edges of the seat
caused the large firm mounds to separate widely when the huge woman settled into
the seat, and her heavily ridged anal ring was presented to my wildly staring
eyes. I realised that my neck was going to ache fiercely if the ceremony took
very long for there was no support for my head, and I was going to have to raise
it, and hold it in place if my mouth was to be able to achieve it task.

I also noticed that my eyes could be fixed on an illuminated mirror that would
clearly show the activity on the stage. In fact, I was going to get a better
view of those proceedings, which I could see were about to commence, than I
would have had, had I remained at the bar. I was snapped out of my reverie by
the voice of the ebony amazon, "You are forbidden to taste the luscious flavours
of my commanding arsehole until your pathetic prick wears my jewel, whore, and
you are strictly forbidden to make a sound once your little prick is so
beautifully decorated. You may now beg to serve me."

I drew a deep breath, through my nose so that I had the pleasure of savouring
the ripe musky aroma of the black amazon's arse chasm, and cried out in
submissive supplication, "Please! Please! Please! glorious Mistress, grant this
slut the privilege of worshipping at the fragrant font of your sublime arsehole.
I beg you with all my heart, divine Mistress!" My breath caught in my throat
when the tip of my aching prick was pinched between a finger and a thumb. This,
however, was but a prelude to the agony that was about to consume my throbbing
prick. At this time it was throbbing merely with lust, but now it was going to
throb, even more intensely, with a heady mixture of lust and agony.

I ground my teeth together in anguish when the jaws of the brutal clamp snapped
shut over me tender meat. The pain was indescribable. I thought that the tip of
my prick must have caught fire. Tears of anguish poured from my eyes,
temporarily blinding me to the magnificently depraved sight above my face. My
throat gulped back the shrieks of hurt that threatened to erupt from it. I
fought madly to control my reaction to my torment for more than a few moments.
Soon, however, my brain came to terms with my ordeal, and a deep sense of
masochistic satisfaction washed over me and, even more delightfully, I was able
to raise my face towards its ultimate goal.

The warm soft flesh of the cheeks of the negress' arse met the softly bearded
cheeks of my face, and my pursed lips kissed the ridged ring of the woman's anus
in joy. I kissed the pout over and over while I blinked away my tears. Soon I
was able to see what was going on, on the stage, and my excitement grew and
grew. The tiny slave girl knelt before her commanding Master. I could now see
that she was definitely not a child, for her tits were large and plump, and
jutted out from her slender torso proudly. The little chattel had her hands
clasped behind her head and was thrusting those lovely tits out towards her
owner with joy in her eyes.

The nipples capping those gorgeous mounds were pierced and ringed with golden
bands. My eyes dropped to the slave girl's splayed open crotch to see that her
pussy was denuded of hair, and a series of three tiny golden rings pierced each
of plump little pussy lips. The massive dominant negro stared down at his
submissive slut and his commanding voice boomed out, causing all other
conversation in the room to immediately cease, "What is your greatest desire,
low slut?"

The tiny girl cried out immediately, in a voice laced with both lust and
submissive pleading, "My most adored Master, my heart yearns for you to grant me
the ultimate piercing that will mark my body as that of a true, and completely
subservient slave, and utterly degenerate slut. My adulated Lord, I beg you,
make my happiness incomparable by marking me as your exclusive property. Allow
all who gaze upon me to see that I am your chattel and live only to serve you
with every fibre of my being!" The slave girl's thrusting tits heaved with
emotion after she had finished begging her owner to make her his forever. By
this time I was using my tongue to lap wetly at the pulsing anal ring of the
awesome negress, thrilling to the fetid flavour of her arse.

The negro Master then pointed a remote control at the ceiling and soon a pair of
rings attached to two chains seemed to fall from above. The huge negro took each
ring in turn and fed one of the girl's fat tits through it, and tightened it
until both tits were captured, at their thick bases, and bulged obscenely. He
then took the slave's arms and enclosed them in a full arm binder behind her
back. Cuffs were then attached to each of her ankles and cords fed through rings
embedded in them. The other ends of these cords were ran through similar rings
on either side of the slave collar that enclosed the delicious little chattel's
neck. The cruel Master then pulled each of these cords so tight the poor slave's
legs were drawn out at right angles to her body. I was sure that her hips must
dislocate with the excruciating pressure that they must have been under.

By the time he was finished the slave's grotesquely splayed pussy lips were
almost kissing the floor beneath her obscenely spread open crotch. The Master
then pointed his remote back up towards the ceiling and pressed a button. The
tiny slut gasped in anguish as the chains withdrew into the void above, and she
was lifted bodily from the floor by her suffering tits. The chains retracted
until the anguished girl hung with her grotesquely spread open crotch at waist
level of her owner. How the girl managed to remain silent while she was
subjected to such torment I could only guess. But she did. Not a sound escaped
from her lips. I could only hope that one day I too might be able to be so
controlled. I drove my tongue deeply into the ebony amazon's hot, tight, arse
pit and located her prostate with its wriggling tip. My neck was already
beginning to ache fiercely, and the pain in the tip of my cock had not yet
abated, even slightly. Soon my clever tongue was driving the woman to sexual
ecstasy, and the top of my chest felt the drip of her hot pussy juices, which
leaked from her sex with ever increasing copiousness.

The slave girl swung slightly to and fro, suspended by her suffering tits. Her
eyes shone with almost mystical devotion while she stared at her cruel
tormentor. The splaying of her smooth hairless cuntlips revealed the deep red
meat of her split graphically. The shiny dripping tip of her clitoris peeped
from its protective sheath clearly betraying that the slave was aroused by the
level of her suffering. Her Master reached into her groin with one hand and
gently frigged her stiff little girl prick, stimulating the tiny organ until
over half of its delicate stem was exposed. The cruel Master, satisfied with the
state of his slut's girl prick, selected a long sharp needle from a selection on
a small table, and displayed it to the watching audience. He then carefully
positioned its point against the slave's clitoris, just below the top of the
loose foreskin, paused momentarily, and then with a flourish, drove it clean
though both foreskin and clitoral stalk. The slave's thighs flexed in agony, and
her slender flat belly quivered uncontrollably while the pain shot through her
body, but she made absolutely no sound. It was incredible. At the precise moment
that the needle served its cruel purpose on the slave my talented tongue, so
slavishly stimulating the domatrix's arse pit, drove her to an orgasm.

The Master stood back so that his audience could see the long needle that now
pierced his slave's agonised girl prick for a few seconds. he then beckoned to
another man who approached the suspended slave. This man was obviously an
artisan and he had soon introduced a small golden ring through the hole drilled
in the slave's sex stalk, and had soldered it shut. When he had completed his
task the small ring made sure that even when not in a state of sexual
stimulation the little slave's girl prick would not be allowed  to retreat into
the protection of her foreskin.

My neck ached terrifically, and the tip of my rock hard prick still throbbed in
agony, but my tongue thrust deeply into the hot, tight arse tunnel of the
authoritative black amazon massaged her writhing prostate as if it possessed a
life of its own. Soon her pussy spasmed with another orgasm, and released a
flood of aromatic juice which dripped down onto my heaving chest. On the stage
the slave, so cruelly hung by her swollen tits had tears of anguish flowing
freely from her eyes, wetting her cheeks profusely, but still she hadn't made a
sound. Even in my own predicament I could not believe the control she was able
to exercise. She must have possessed nerves of steel, not to mention a level of
masochistic submission I could as yet only dream of attaining.

The hot moist flesh of my domatrix's arse chasm closed around my face as she
surged in her seat while her pleasure continued to peak. My talented tongue
drove even deeper into her luscious anal pit, and went wild over the elastic
walls of her churning, writhing arse pit, and my lips were glued to the ridged
muscle of her pulsing ring. I was sure that my efforts must be pleasing the
ebony amazon, and my tormented prick throbbed with wanton elation.

Back on the stage the huge negro Master had once again approached his suspended
chattel. This time he held in his right hand an electric soldering iron. At the
tip of the tool he had attached a metal brand which glowed red. The slave's eyes
were wide with terror, but her mouth was silently begging the cruel sadist to
proceed. She even seemed to be flexing her slender, flat belly in an effort to
more freely offer the smooth meat of her hairless mound to him.

The powerful negro smiled at the hanging slave, and teased her by bringing the
red hot brand close to her mound, without quite pressing it into her delicate
flesh. I could scarcely bare to watch, filled with a sensation of sheer horror,
tinged with extreme excitement. Eventually the Master put his slave out of her
misery, or was it that he finally allowed her to suffer as she so desired. The
slave's cheeks bulged, and her eyes widened in unadulterated shock when the
cruel man pressed the brand into her mound. A sizzling sound accompanied the
application of the brand, and what appeared like a wisp of steam rose from the
burning flesh. Incredibly, the slave uttered not a sound while the brand seared
her delicate skin. The Master held it in place for a full five seconds, both to
prolong the tiny masochist's agony, and to ensure that the brand was well burnt
into her prominent mound. Her belly vibrated wildly as the agony filled her
senses, and the muscles of her cruelly stretched thighs flexed uncontrollable.

Tears of anguish poured down the suspended slave's cheeks, even after the brand
had been removed. A scarlet monogram was seen to have been burned into her
flesh. The attendant who had assisted in the piercing of the slave's girl prick
again approached her hanging nudity, and applied some sort of balm to her seared
mound, as much to cure the brand as to ease her hurt I was sure, for when he was
finished the brand had taken on a more definite and sharp look.

The black amazon whom I served climaxed again as the brand was being applied,
and a fresh outpouring of her rich sex cream dripped down onto my drenched upper
torso, its ripe aroma now vying with the fragrance of her deep arse chasm for
domination of my senses. My tongue continued to work on the woman while the
slave on the stage was being freed from her savage bondage. As soon as she was
free she collapsed to her knees and slobbered kisses of both joy and gratitude
onto the boots of her tormentor while she wildly shook her shoulders causing the
heavy masses of her drooping tits to revolve madly as normal circulation was
returned to their masses after the ordeal of bearing her weight for so long.
After a few minutes the duo, Master and slave, dismounted from the stage, the
Master striding purposefully, and his delicious chattel crawling along behind
him, her adoring gaze fixed on the mincing mounds of his bare and muscular arse.

By the time they arrived at where we were engaged in our bizarre and erotic play
my aching tongue had slowed somewhat. I still had it buried deeply up the
negress' pungent arse pit, but had slowed its wriggling so that it again merely
teased her chute walls. The Master expressed his delight with his slave's
performance, and expressed a desire to reward her for her efforts before he
turned her over to the club's other patrons. My heart surged with pleasure and
excitement when his partner in domination also praised my efforts in attending
to her pleasure while she had watched.

In fact, she informed her mate that she had never had a slave tongue so cleverly
pleasure her arsehole in her life. The two dominants began to discuss how we
slaves might be rewarded. I flushed with humiliation into the hot fleshy cavern
that my face was still buried in when the amazon commented on how I had drooled
at the sight of her mate's prick earlier, but rather than allow me to suck it
off she suggested that he experience my tongue up his arse. She thought for a
while and then further proposed that her partner slip his prick up her own arse,
but not fuck her, rather to see if I could use my tongue to bring him off. If I
was successful then I could be further rewarded by being permitted to suck his
cream directly from her arse pit.

The sadistic male was clearly in full agreement with the amazon's plan, and
helped her up from the seat. I allowed my head to droop immediately, to ease the
terrible ache in my neck. I withdrew my tongue into my mouth and worked to
moisten it after it had been up the woman's tight arse for so long. My heart
fluttered with excitement at the coming action, for I knew that it would be
child's play for me to bring the man off in this bizarre and humiliating
fashion, and I longed to taste his ball cream. The Master stared down at his own
grovelling serf, chuckling at the wanton pleading in her eyes, and then
fulfilled her desire to be a part of this depraved tableau, "And you, my little
slut, since we seem to be fixated with arsehole at this time, may remove
Mistress' badge of honour from this harlot's puny prick, and then bring it off
with your own slack arse tunnel. And while you're about it you can suck
Mistress' pussy for her, since I won't be pleasuring her by fucking her lovely
arsehole."

I gazed up at the descending bottom cheeks of the huge man with consummate
happiness. My heart pounded with lust the closer the muscular cheeks came. I
marvelled at the wanton sight of the negro's enormous stiff cock arching
straight up from his crotch, before the huge masses of his descending buttocks
blocked out my line of sight. I raised my pouting lips towards the thick muscled
rim of the man's arse ring, and a fresh surge of joy washed over me when they
met their deliciously obscene target. The massive man wriggled his arse to make
himself as comfortable as possible, while my eager tongue washed wetly over and
over his pulsing anus, and my taste buds were flooded with the raunchy flavour
of ripe male arsehole.

As soon as the man had settled, his equally impressive partner straddled his
spread thighs and impaled her own tight arse pit on his enormous erection. She
sighed and moaned with hurtful pleasure while inch after inch of the mighty
penis disappeared into her tight rear passage, until her rounded arse cheeks
rested on her lover's thighs. At the same time I felt a pair of tiny hands on my
own throbbing erection, and a sharp pang of renewed pain when the broach was
removed from the tip of the straining organ. Next I experienced the delightful
sensation of a tight anal pout crushing into the tip of my pounding cock. The
slight pain of the penetration soon gave way to exquisite pleasure when my glans
had finally forced its way past the tight sphincter, and my long hard, hot, pole
began its journey into the heated, elastic tube of the tiny slave's humid
arsehole. She too pressed her arse down until, unbelievably, the entire length
of my cock was captured in the warm, tight embrace of he clasping arse chute,
and the cruelly stretched open ring of the slave's anus squeezed the root of my
organ as tightly as I had ever felt.

While my thighs quivered with pleasure I drove my agile tongue deeply into the
massive negro's pungent arsehole. I wriggled the organ lewdly within the humid
tunnel, quickly locating the prostate and commencing to stimulate it until it
writhed uncontrollably under my incessant laving. My work had an immediate
effect on the pleasure filled man, and his bottom rolled with lust on the
bizarre seat, and his enormous, sap filled balls flexed against my chin as his
juice boiled within them. The tiny slave's tight arsehole was soon pumping up
and down on my throbbing prick with consummate sensuality. I could hear her
eager mouth slurping at the pussy of the dominant negress, and could imagine her
tongue lapping at the woman's huge, stiff clitoris.

I glued my lips to the Master's palpitating anal ring and allowed my tongue to
lap and lave at his prostate in ever increasing abandon, while my own pleasure
began to build. I was in submissive heaven, and lost myself in my lust and
depravity. The huge man roared in delight, and his arse cheeks gripped my face
with feral ferocity while his prick spewed it scalding juices deeply into his
climaxing partner's welcoming arse crater. At the same time my own throbbing
cock erupted in the deliciously tight, hot, arse pit of the tiny slave. We all
lost ourselves in our pleasure, time seeming to stand still while our juices
poured in a never ending climax.

The slave was the first to recover, tearing her well reamed out arsehole off of
my slightly softened prick. Her mouth immediately went to work cleaning the
sated pole of lust with her soft tongue. Next the black amazon stood up, her
arsehole relinquishing the sated prick of her dominant lover. He moaned slightly
and gasped as her tight ring squeezed his softened pole, from base to tip,
ensuring that she squeezed every last drop of cum from it, while it escaped from
the hot, sloppy cavern. When it had finally flopped free the huge man stood up.

I stared up from my bondage, my prick again stiff and throbbing from the sensual
activity of the tiny slave's lips and tongue, which, after it had sucked all the
sticky juices from it, had proceeded to tease it erotically. Her Master soon
pulled her off me and commanded her to attend to the cleaning of his own cock
and balls. As soon as this happened my gaze was again met with the bare,
descending bottom cheeks of the black amazon. When the voluptuous cheeks became
separated with her descent I was greeted with the sight of her still slack loose
arse ring, coated richly with the evidence of her mate's spurting prick.

My mouth flooded with saliva at the prospect of tasting that succulent mixture,
and my head was already straining upwards towards the obscenely dripping target
long before the woman's ebony cheeks met the edges of the seat. "Here's your
reward, slut, drink up, and don't you dare stop until my arsehole is completely
empty." I needed no second urging, and soon my lips were glued to the slack anal
pout, and my mouth was savouring a load of rich, ripe, arsehole flavoured man
cum. I drank the heady mixture down with slavish joy, and my voracious mouth
sucked for more with eager devotion. I sucked at the arse ring with all my skill
and submissive pride, and when it appeared to have surrendered all it had to
give I drove my long, agile tongue deeply into the hot tunnel in my endeavours
to ensure it was drained of every last delicious drop.

After a few minutes, when it became obvious that the amazon was not ready to
rise. even though my task had been well and truly completed, I settled down to
merely sensuously, and lovingly suckle at her intimate hole. I became aware that
the tiny slave must have finished her demeaning task also, when I heard her
Master allowing her to be led away by a group of patrons, to be used for their
pleasure as the man had promised before the earlier ceremony. After perhaps an
hour or so the negress finally got to her feet, having tired of her sensual
diversion at my expense.

She looked down at my bound nudity with a smile, and then began to free me from
my bondage. While she worked she praised my performance, even suggesting that I
should I put myself on sale she may even consider acquiring me. Once I was free
she dismissed me from her presence with a wave of her hand. I crawled off back
towards the bar, my stiff prick beginning to soften while I crawled. When I
reached the bar the attendant threw my clothing down to me. I got dressed and
left the club immediately, and returned to my motel. After showering I collapsed
into the bed and was asleep almost as soon as my head hit the pillow.

The next morning I rose early and went shopping at a leather boutique. I
purchased two costumes that dripped slavery, one for sow and one for myself. I
returned to the motel and stored the purchases in my room, then and paid for a
further week's accommodation, telling the receptionist that I would be away for
the next day or so while I collected my wife. The girl smiled knowingly at me
and I assumed that such information was not unusual for her. That is to say that
it was quite normal for one partner to check out the delights of the
principality before both ventured forth to test their lusts in the town's many
bizarre night spots. Soon I was on the road, speeding back to the cabin in the
hills, filled with a sense of excitement and eager anticipation of what was to
come, tinged with slight feelings of fear and dread.




Chapter 6 - Return to Natchez

I arrived back at the cabin in the early evening and, after parking the car,
went into the cabin. Sow, gloriously nude, was asleep on the couch, my crude
chastity belt still fixed around her hips. The insides of her voluptuous thighs
glistened with pussy juice, and she had obviously decided to keep her sex
stimulated the whole time I was away. I could not blame her, given the lewd and
submissive joys I had ben able to experience, that she had had not had access
to. She was going to be so jealous when I described my experiences to her. I
quickly stripped, my prick already stiff and aching at the sight of her
voluptuous charms.

I took out my key and as carefully as possible, endeavouring not to disturb her,
removed sow's crude chastity. The lovely submissive was just beginning to stir
when I pressed my face into the juncture of her thighs and soul kissed her
glorious cunt split. My agile tongue teased her burgeoning girl prick avidly
while she regained consciousness. Her hands drifted down to my head, and pushed
my face further into her drooling swamp as soon as she was fully awake, and I
worked tirelessly until her pussy spasmed with pleasure, and fed my hungry maw
with a piquant deluge of female sexuality.

I lifted my face away from her crotch, my beard glistening with her juices and
smiled up at her. The excited girl dragged me up onto the couch next to her and
cried, "Tell me everything, darling piglet! Tell me everything while I suck you
off!" Her mouth engulfed my rigid prick, and she began to suck it passionately
while I related the course of my adventures of the preceding days. When I
described the two sexually submissive scenes I had had the pleasure of taking
part in her sharp teeth bit my throbbing cock petulantly, punishing me for
having so much fun while she was condemned to her solitary pleasure.

We engaged in a bout of unbridled sexual lust that lasted well into the night.
When we lay on the bed, exhausted, and sated for the moment, I outlined my plan
of action. Sow's excitement grew and grew, and when I expressed my fears about
how many things could go wrong she would not hear of doing anything but
surrendering to our fate, no matter what it might be. I suppose that having
spent a year of my life being denied satisfaction of my urges I was less anxious
to risk all on one possibility, but sow, of course, prevailed, and we decided to
go ahead with the plan.

The next morning we cleaned up the cabin. I left a note for the owner thanking
him for the hospitality and we left. If we had to return nothing would have been
lost, but if we didn't at least the owner of the cabin would not be suspicious
of any strange, or unusual occurrence surrounding my disappearance. At the
village I hid sow in the back of the car while I filled up with gas, and let the
storekeeper know that I was leaving. As soon as we left the tiny village I
released sow from her hiding place and we were on our way.

I could not shut sow up throughout the trip. She kept chattering away at how she
was going to make up for lost time as soon as we arrived. She would not hear of
any need to be careful, and was determined to surrender herself to any dominant
who wanted to use us as a pair. I had no choice in the matter, she said. It was
settled. We were never again to be separated. And if she wanted to suffer at the
hands of a sadist, then I would have to go along, no matter what it involved. I
smiled at her reckless enthusiasm. She had had twelve months of captivity to
look back on where few of her deep seated needs had been catered for, but also
for which she had had no choice. I, on the other hand had enjoyed no such
environment, and consequently still harboured some sense of caution.

When I had tried to explain my reservations about putting all our eggs in one
basket sow would not hear of it. Her sense of submission was obviously more
acutely honed than mine, and her craving for domination more intense. After all,
she had not, for many years now existed in a state of both physical and mental
freedom, as I had. But her avid enthusiasm was infectious, and by the time we
reached the outskirts of Natchez she even had me totally convinced that we
should accept whatever fate had in store for us.

Sow's excitement grew and grew as we drove through the streets of Natchez,
towards my motel, and she was able to see the crowds walking the streets, many
dressed in their erotic leather finery. She looked down at her own shapeless,
tentlike dress and exclaimed, "When we get to the motel the first thing I'm
going to do is burn this ugly thing. No amount of argument on my part was going
to change her mind on this point. I must admit her argument was compelling. "I'm
a complete slut, darling. You know I am. I can't get around hiding what I've got
to offer, now can I. How are prospective Master's and Mistresses going to
recognise my harlot yearnings, and submissive longing if I can't flaunt my
erotic charms shamelessly for their inspection."

I played my last card in this particular argument by telling her that our
costumes would achieve this adequately, but she rejoined, petulantly, "I'm not
going to stay locked up in a motel room all the time in a place like this, only
venturing out at night when we set ourselves up for your weird Master. I want to
explore everything, and I refuse to get around in this vile thing!" I pointed
out to her that it was all she possessed, and not withstanding the nature of the
town, you were not allowed to wander around entirely naked, in fact citizens
were not permitted to display their sexuality naked on the streets at all. The
wearing of scanty and erotic attire was encouraged in public, but there were
limits that held true until people actually entered a club or night spot, where
all restrictions were lifted. This obvious fact at first had sow stumped. But
then we passed a clothing store and she cried out to me to stop the car.

Sow demanded some money and then leapt out of the car and made for the store. I
sat in the car and waited for her to return. When she did she had a small parcel
in her arms. She got back in the car and I drove off again. Soon we were parked
at the motel and had gone to our room. As soon as we were inside sow stripped
naked and told me to do the same. I, of course, was only too happy to comply. We
then had a long hot shower together. While we were under the cascading water sow
shaved off my beard, and made the comment that we should shave our groins also,
but I interjected that I thought that this was something we should allow any
prospective owners to decide about, and she finally agreed that I was probably
right.

After our shower, and while our hair was drying sow opened up her parcel and
revealed that she had not only catered for her needs, but also mine. For me she
had bought a tank top, several sizes too small for me, and a brief pair of
shorts. For herself a "T" shirt and shorts. She had also purchased a pair of
scissors, needles and thread. She attended to her own costume first. She drew
the "T" shirt over her chest and then told me to cut it off close to the bottoms
of her huge tits, making sure that ample amounts of their bottoms would be
visible. I took the scissors and did what I was told. When I had finished, and
sow inspected the results in the mirror the sight was gorgeously sexy.

The light material was stretched over her massive mounds. Her thick rubbery
teats were clearly evident under the cloth, and would become even more so when
they were aroused. The bottoms of each large tit protruded about three inches
below the edge of the cloth. She walked around the room a few times and I saw
that the friction of the cloth against her nipples soon had them turgid with
excitement, and even more graphically highlighted by the material. It was also
almost unbearably erotic, the way her heavy tits moved about with her gait, and
the visible bottoms of the gorgeous globes bounced with each step.

Satisfied with her top sow then pulled on her shorts. They were extremely tight
and fitted her like a second skin. I was surprised when, after a quick
inspection of their effect, both front and back she stripped them off again. She
took up the scissors and carefully sliced out the material at the rear of the
garment, cutting close to the seems at both the sides and the rear. She then did
a similar job on the front of the shorts, but this time leaving slightly more
material in place. When she put the shorts back on the change was both
electrifying, and extremely erotic. The gorgeous cheeks of her bottom were now
left completely bare, and in the front the skimpy material still left barely
covered the lips of her delightful sex, and profuse wisps of her silky pussy
hair escaped from either side of the thin strip of cloth.

Sow inspected herself again in the mirror, and decided she was happy with the
results. She then went to work on my costume. I pulled on the small tank top and
sow cut off its bottom to a level just below my pectoral muscles. She the did a
similar job to my shorts as she had done with hers, not even bothering, in my
case, to have me wear them first for measurement purposes. Then she cut a series
of thin strips from the sections of cloth she had cut off her shorts, and sewed
a cluster of three loops into the gusset of my ludicrously brief ones , and
three more, evenly spaced out up and off to one side of the front of the skimpy
garment.

All through this we had become highly aroused, and our passions, as usual, got
the better of us. We collapsed on our bed and fucked slowly and languidly,
drawing out our pleasure. I made sow climax three times before allowing myself
to join her in an outpouring of mutual ecstasy. Afterwards we lay on the bed,
our bodies slowly returning to normal calm, and the sweat slowly drying on our
skins. Suddenly sow leapt up and exclaimed that she was starving. She found a
town attractions leaflet on a coffee table and was soon perusing it to find a
place to eat.

I was trying to get some rest when sow squealed with delight and jumped up onto
the bed with the pamphlet opened to a particular page. She roughly shook me to
get my attention crying out in excitement, "Oh, piglet, darling! I've found a
perfect place to eat! Look at this!" I grudgingly opened my eyes to look at what
had gotten her so excited, and I must admit it caused my pulse to quicken as
well. The advertisement was for a boutique cafe that catered for submissives
exclusively, although its unique services were actually targeted towards
dominants.

The establishment was called "The Slave's Delight" It offered wholesome home
cooked meals with added attractions for dominants, who wanted to treat their
slaves to something a little different. The eatery featured two separate eating
environments. The first was described as the bondage room, and offered to place
its clients in a wonderful range of severe bondage postures while they ate. It
was the other advertised room that aroused my attention however. The block of
text read:

"Has your slave's level of submission been less than satisfactory lately? Is
your slave in need of a dose of extreme humiliation? Does your chattel need a
refresher lesson in servility? If any of these are the case then the Subjugation
Chamber is the place. While we feed your slave a hearty repast, we subject it to
an illuminating experience in radical humiliation, accompanied by an equally
harsh lessen in obedience and subservience. Why not have your slave visit us for
its next meal. While you are out enjoying yourself, we will take care of its
needs, and deliver it back to you well fed, and with a renewed sense of its
total submission to you."

What really caught my eye was the small photograph of the cafe's proprietors at
the bottom of the brochure. It was the two black dominant's that I had had my
experience with in the "heavy" night club two nights earlier. I was sure that
little sow would be delighted to spend some time in their tender care, but I was
reluctant to risk not being at the club, in case we missed the real reason for
our being here in the first place, and took pains to explain this to sow. She
was so excited by what she had already seen of Natchez, that she was already
arguing the case for us to forget about the strange Master, and to just live
here permanently. If we found some permanent dominants to take us in hand, all
the better, but if not we could just play the field, and earn a living in
submission.

I took great pains in reminding her of the vindictiveness of our previous
owners. While the principality might not actively work to betray our presence to
them, what was certain was that this place would not only be a attraction to
visitors from our country, but more importantly, for visitors of our culture. It
was beyond the realms of fantasy that our presence here would be revealed to our
owners, and probably sooner rather than later. I was also at pains to make her
realise that it was now not just them that we had to worry about now, but also
the owners of a certain strip club not all that far away.

I could tell from the pout of her lips that sow knew I was right, but, never the
less, was not happy about it. In order to placate her I agreed not to entirely
rule out a visit to the bizarre cafe, if we were able to manage it without risk.
To take her mind off our argument I proudly showed off the costumes I had
purchased for us to wear when we visited the club that was frequented by the
strange Master. Sow inspected the collection of leather straps, and stretch
velour material that made up the body parts of the outfits with excitement clear
in her eyes. She was also impressed with the latex rubber hose, and especially
the stiletto heeled pumps. But she informed me that something important was
missing, and that we would have to go out to a shop to attain it. She would not
tell me what she had seen missing, no matter how much I cajoled her.

I realised, of course, that sow, having been held in captivity indoors for so
long, needed to get out and about, not just to see other people, but to show
herself off as well. I gave in, and said that we could go out for a quick bite,
and to pick up this mystery item we seemed to missing from our ensembles. Sow
giggled with glee, and rushed out into the other room to put on her erotically
enhanced street clothes. I called out to her that we had better have a quick
shower first, given what we had just spent a couple of hours doing. Her reply
was both quick, and revealing in terms of her nature, "What's wrong with you
piglet. Have you forgotten that you and I are utter sluts and complete harlots.
If we can't go around exuding the aroma of our depravity, then we aren't going
to make very good sex sluts and slaves, now are we?"

I could, of course, do nothing but agree. I had been out of the culture for too
long, and both my submissive, and ability to lose myself in lewd debauchery,
certainly needed reinforcing. Perhaps a visit to the slave's cafe was just what
I needed. When I entered the other room sow was already dressed, and what a
sight she made. Her enormous tits thrust so arrogantly against the skimpy, cut
down top, teats clearly evident, and the rounded bottoms of each gloriously huge
tit so alluringly visible. Her voluptuous arse slabs were bare and gorgeous, and
she had combed out her pussy hair so that copious quantities of it escaped from
the edges of the gusset of the shorts.

She ran over to me and quickly drew the shortened tank top over my chest. She
then helped me to don the shorts she had modified for me. She bent to my groin
and fed each of my big balls through one of the cloth loops she had sewn into
its gusset, and the thick rope of my prick through the third one. She then fed
the length of my cock through the other three loops, so that it was held against
the material of the shorts. When she was satisfied she pulled the shorts up
tightly and zipped them up. She finished off by combing large clumps of my pubic
hair out from the edges of the material.

I looked at myself in the mirror and flushed hotly, with sensations of delicious
shame. I was going to be seen in public with my muscular arse cheeks hanging out
of my pants, with my huge prick and fat balls not only clearly outlined by the
thin material, but also seen to be in a mild form of bondage. Just thinking
about it caused my lusts to be raised, and my prick swelled until the cloth
tapes bit into its swelling pole, the tapes themselves clearly visible. It was
just gorgeous, and sow was so pleased with herself. She grinned at me, impishly,
"Now that's how a male slut should present himself in public, darling. Leaving
no one who sees him in any doubt that he is anything but a lewd harlot who lives
for wanton depravity and lewd submission."

Once again the little submissive vixen was completely correct. My heart pounded
with servile lust at the completely licentious sight that I made. My submissive
sexuality, and pride in it, was explicitly on display in the skimpy costume.
Anyone inspecting me could only come to the conclusion that I was a compliant
sex slut just begging to be used. We left the motel room and walked towards the
main street. We had an arm around each other's waist, and a hand cupped one of
each other's bare bottom cheeks lasciviously, while we sauntered along.

Once we made the main street we certainly attracted plenty of attention from the
passing crowds. We revelled in our humiliation, and, if anything, flaunted our
lewd eroticism with more exaggerated, and sensually revealing movements. My
prick was aching by this time, and could be seen to visibly flex against its
mild, but erotic bondage. From time to time the lascivious sow would
deliberately raise her arms to reveal more of her gigantic tits to a passer by,
and revelled in the envious looks she got from both submissive, and dominant
women, not to mention the reaction of pure desire her erotic sensuality elicited
from the male population.

I guided us towards the club we were to frequent until we caught the attention
of the bizarre Master. When we got there I was dumbfounded to read a notice that
informed prospective patrons that the club was closed for renovations. My heart
pounded with fright, to have come so far for this disappointment was too much to
bear. I breathed a sigh of relief, however, when I read that the closure was
only for one night, and it would be business as usual on the next evening. I had
been afraid that if it was to close for any real length of time the eerie Master
might decide it was not worth sticking around on this trip, and I knew from the
bar tender I had first questioned that he only made an appearance once a year.

Sow, however was excited by this delay in our plan. "Now we can go to that cafe,
can't we piglet?" she begged enthusiastically, "We can, can't we. Please, sweet
piglet! Please!" I made a show of considering her plea, just to tease her
really, but she thought I was serious, and again became petulant, "Anyhow, if
your behaviour over recent days is anything to go by you could certainly use a
lesson in humility and submission, couldn't you!" Then she changed tack and
became a wheedling little girl again, begging for her own way. I finally gave
in, and she leapt up into my arms, wrapped her full thighs around my bare waist,
and planted a sloppy kiss of joy on my mouth, much to the delight and
entertainment of the people around us.

It was beginning to get dark when we finally located the restaurant we sought.
We had decided to visit this establishment before we went shopping for the item
sow had insisted was missing from the ensembles I had purchased. This was OK by
me, because I too was getting hungry, and not just for food either. Spending a
few hours as a sex object did wonders for my libido, and I craved a serve of
degradation almost as much as sustenance. We went into the reception area of the
cafe and approached what appeared to be the maitre "D".

The maitre "D" was a tall white male who looked to be dressed in a shiny rubber
tuxedo from the angle of sight I first had of him. But when the creature turned
to greet us it became clear that he, or was it she, was attired like one of
those cabaret acts were the artiste dressed as a man on one side, and a female
on the other. The female side was also a costume of rubber. A low cut gown
clearly exposed what could not have been anything but a real flesh and blood tit
bulging out of its top edge. And from a similar bulge under the tuxedo top, I
surmised that the person was female. When we were close enough to see below the
waist we were in for yet another surprise. The formal dress stopped at the
waist, and a relatively small, but perfectly shaped prick arched stiffly up from
a smooth hairless crotch.

My mouth flooded with moisture at the sight of the gorgeous cock, and I was sure
that sow had the same reaction to it. It was one of those beautiful pricks that
you would just die to get your mouth around if ever you saw one like it. The
transsexual's legs were sheathed in sheer latex stockings, and his/her feet were
shod in impossibly high heeled shoes. We both stood before him/her, allowing the
creature to feast his/her eyes on our erotically stimulating, and deliciously
humiliating costumes. "Meals, and other associated activities are one hundred
dollars per slave." The lovely transsexual announced, "Have you owners made
sufficient provision for this?" he/she asked.

I delved into the waist band of my obscenely brief shorts and extracted two
hundred dollar bills which I handed to the marvellous maitre "D". The money was
taken from my hand and stowed in a cash drawer. The maitre "D" then asked for
what instructions our owners might have given for our instruction, warning us
that the establishment retained the right to refuse to handle us if it was
thought that those requirements did not meet its high standards. I was about to
answer, my brain vainly trying to think of an appropriate response, when sow
cried out in a voice laced with excitement:

"Our Master and Mistress have been dissatisfied with the level of our submission
recently. They desire us to be both given a severe lesson in accepting a level
of humiliation that befits our status. Our Mistress requires that my submission
to superior, and dominant arsehole be savagely reinforced, and my Master insists
that my brother slave be given a lessen in the appropriate worship, and utter
submission to dominant and commanding penis!"

I flushed deeply at her supplication, but my excitement was aroused a further
notch by the prospect of the ordeal she had so flippantly sentenced me to. The
transsexual absorbed sow's supplication for a few seconds and then signified
that the cafe would be only too pleased to accommodate us. He/she pressed a
button on the lectern he/she stood before, and then beckoned to us to follow
her/him. We both dropped down to hands and knees, and crawled, our bare bottom
cheeks mincing sexily, off after the long striding transsexual, into the
interior of the cafe. He/she stopped outside a door and turned to face us:

"Strip, sluts!" He/she commanded. We quickly removed the skimpy items of our
attire, I having some trouble extracting my swelling prick from the cloth loops
that were holding it loosely captive, and handed them to him/her. "Now, while
your table is being prepared you will each experience your first taste of
humiliation. Each of you is to enter through this door, kneel in the centre of
the room, displaying yourselves in lewd and depraved abandon, and read the cue
cards that will be provided out loud and clear, and in a voice that leaves no
doubts as to your yearning desire to submit yourselves completely. I don't care
which of you goes first. But you must wait until the light on the door flashes,
signifying that appropriate preparations are completed. Failure on your part to
comply absolutely will see you thrown out of the cafe immediately."

With the instructions completed the transsexual strode of, leaving us kneeling,
facing the door, and waiting with bated breath for the light to flash. "I'm
going first, piglet!" Sow whispered to me, her tone of voice leaving me in no
doubt that she would brook no argument on the point. It was fully five minutes
before the light began flashing. Sow immediately crawled over, pushed the door
open, and crawled into what appeared to be a dimly lit room. Just as the door
swung back to close I got a brief glimpse of the room suddenly becoming quite
brightly lit. Once the door had closed again I had no idea what was going on
inside the room. The sound proofing was excellent.

Sow was closeted in the room for at least another five minutes before the door
was nudged open and she crawled back into the passage where I waited. Her cheeks
were flushed crimson, and a look of sheer submissive elation shone from her wide
violet eyes. The teats capping her gorgeous big tits were stiff as steel, and
drops of juice glistened in the downy forrest of her pussy hair. She took up her
kneeling position beside me, her huge tits rising and falling with the heaving
of her chest. The clearly acutely aroused slut did not say a word, which was
completely out of character for her, for she usually loved to assail me with
explicit descriptions of any exciting things that happened to her. I waited for
my turn with increasing excitement. If what happened in that room had rendered
my darling sow silent, then it must be truly a wonderful experience.

The light began to flash. I gathered my wits, crawled to the door, and pushed it
open. I shuffled into the room, feeling my way in the darkness. As soon as the
door had swung back into place behind me I was blinded by brilliant light which
then flooded what I discovered was a small circular room. I crawled to a mat
positioned in the centre of the room while my eyes gradually grew accustomed to
the bright illumination. When I arrived at my destination I reared up on my
knees, and was able to better survey my surroundings. My cheeks blushed scarlet,
for high up, and all around the circular room were a sea of expectant, and
excited faces peering down at my kneeling nudity. The room doubled as a peep
show. My humiliation was to be acutely enhanced by it being witnessed by a
multitude of complete strangers who had, no doubt, paid handsomely for the
privilege.

Almost involuntarily I began to lewdly undulate my hips, swaying the huge,
stiff, stalk of my aching prick seductively, and obscenely, at the staring
audience. Suddenly a type of holographic image appeared before my eyes. I
realised that because it would be invisible to the watchers, the instructions it
gave me to perform would actually seem, to them, to be produced by my own
perverted imagination. The first instruction it displayed was purely for my
benefit, and set the tone for my humiliation, "You will read, out loud, every
word of what will be displayed to you, whore. You will not either embellish, or
omit, a word. Your tone of voice shall be in keeping with the words you utter,
and you will display your sexuality in complete disregard for any form of
modesty." I was, of course, already displaying myself in lewd and lascivious
depravity, so I continued to do so. A rolling set of statements, designed purely
to deepen my sense of shame and humiliation, began to slowly appear on the
holographic screen. I put on my most submissive and wheedling voice, and began
to read the words, my blushes becoming more and more heated as my acute
embarrassment grew:

"I am nothing but a cock sucking whore."

"I adore, above all else, long, hot, thick, stiff, manly pricks."

"I worship with all my heart big, swollen, sap filled balls."

"My happiness is only ever complete when my mouth is permitted to close around
the length of a long, hot, stiff, throbbing virile penis, and its precious
length is driven deeply into my utterly adoring gullet."

"My joy is only ever absolute when the fat, heavy, juice filled balls that rest
on my chin empty their luscious cream down my adoring gullet."

"My harlot mouth exists solely to pleasure the stiff, hot, throbbing, manly
penises that I adore with every fibre of my being."

"My trollop gullet exists solely for the purpose of draining the succulent sap
from the swollen balls that I so worship with all my soul."

"From this moment on I solemnly vow that:"

"Immediately on being permitted to gaze upon a naked penis and set of balls,
regardless of whether they are dominant or servile, I will fall to my knees and
express my utter and complete adoration of that hot, stiff, throbbing, length of
the penis, and my complete worship of the swollen, sap filled balls riding so
full and tight at its thick base, and the succulent cream that they contain."

"Immediately on being allowed to stare in utter adoration a bare prick and balls
I will beg and plead to be permitted to give them the pleasure they so richly
deserve, with my adulating harlot mouth. I will plead for my eternally yearning
throat to be allowed to drain the succulent sap from the balls."

"The very instant that a hot, stiff, thick, throbbing penis reaming out my
idolising throat allows its divine balls to flood it with scrumptious man juice,
my endlessly worshipping gullet will already be yearning for another to take its
place."

"Even when I am not in the presence of a huge, stiff, pulsating, masculine
penis, and worshipping its magnificence with every fibre of my being, my dreams
will be filled with images of my fawning, utterly submissive nudity kneeling
before such a powerful, manly prick, and worshipping it with all my heart and
soul."

"From this instant on I am reduced to an existence as a lewd, depraved, and
utterly servile harlot whose sole reason for being is to worship, adore,
completely idolise, and serve virile cock, and sap filled balls."

"I love to suck on hot, stiff, juicy, virile, manly penis more than anything
else in the world."

"I relish draining big, fat, swollen, bloated, cum filled balls of their
delicious creamy issue."

"My happiness will only be complete when all males in the universe recognise me
for what I am, and treat me according, as a mindless cock worshipping whore,
with a mouth dedicated to sucking off juicy prick with mindless devotion for
ever and ever."

The obscene, and utterly humiliating litany of submission to prick was repeated
ten times. By the time it was over my rutting body was literally shaking with
unsuppressed lust. My mind reeled with sensations of submission and humiliation.
I was in a state of virtual servile and sexual suspended animation while I
blindly crawled towards the door of the room. Images of enormous stiff cocks and
tightly packed balls, bursting with sap, dominated my imagination. My taste buds
seemed to react to dreams of streams of musky, spicy man cream gushing into my
welcoming mouth. I couldn't think of anything else.

I finally managed to exit the room, and crawled over to where sow knelt, hardly
acknowledging her presence at all. This was what mind control, brain washing,
was all about. I was conditioned, if only temporarily, to yearn only for a hot,
stiff prick to worship, only a long, thick, throbbing cock to serve sexually.
Somewhere in the back of my mind I realised now why sow had been so silent after
her turn in the room of submission and humiliation. She had been subjected to
the same bizarre ordeal that I had, except that her fixation was now on dominant
arsehole.

We waited silently for the next step in our adventure to unfold. It didn't take
long. The tall transsexual walked down the passage towards us, her/his
delightful cock still stiff and proud, swaying erotically back and forth with
his/her gait. My mouth immediately, involuntarily, flooded with saliva, and my
brain ached with longing. Without any conscious decision on my part I began to
mewl plaintively, "Sweet Master, I adore your stunningly beautiful, beautiful,
beautiful stiff, hot penis!" By the time I had finished uttering this submissive
tirade the transsexual stood before me, and his/her erection was only a mere few
inches away from my wildly staring eyes. My reaction was instantaneous, "Please!
Please! Please! Most adored Master! Fill this grovelling harlot's heart with
happiness by allowing him to worship you gorgeous, ravishing, enchantingly
beautiful penis!"

The bizarre creature stared down at my grovelling, pleading nudity with a look
of pure mocking ridicule on his/her face. He/she slowly inched her way around so
that he/she stood between sow and myself. My knees shuffled slowly in time with
her movements, I could not bear to let his/her lovely erection out of my sight.
Soon sow's equally submissive pleadings began to match my own continuing
supplication. She made her deliciously degrading supplications to the
transsexual's bottom cheeks, and more humiliatingly, to the pungent arsehole
that nestled deep in the crack between them. So there we were, two naked
kneeling slaves begging and pleading, in seemingly mindless servility, to be
permitted to worship prick and arsehole respectively.

The Transsexual called a halt to our incessant whining and informed me that
while we moved off to out "table" I was permitted to demonstrate my adoration of
his/her cock. I was not permitted to suck on it, as I so yearned to do, but
merely to kiss it with the reverence and devotion he/she would expect from a
cock worshipping whore. Similarly, sow was permitted to do the same to the
crease between his/her arse cheeks. So we shuffled off on our way, a bizarre
trio indeed, me on my knees and shuffling backwards with my lips kissing
devoutly up and down the length of the she/male's stiff, jutting prick, and the
voluptuous sow struggling along behind, with her face insinuated into the
crevasse between the she/male's shapely bottom cheeks.

We entered another room in this demeaning fashion. This was the dining room,
although there was no table or chairs as one would have expected, but rather two
ornate bondage racks. The transsexual commanded us to cease our demeaning
worship of his/her body and then clapped his/her hands once. Immediately two
semi nude males rushed into the room and took charge of us. We were efficiently
bound to the bondage contraptions, sow being unable to move anything but her
head, and I being similarly restricted, but strangely with one arm left
completely free. While we were being attended to I was able to notice, with a
fresh surge of delicious shame and degradation, that this room too, formed the
viewing area for a well populated peep show audience.

As soon as we were ready the transsexual called for the first course of a meal,
a prawn cocktail, to be served. The two male attendants disappeared for a few
seconds, and then returned wheeling in two strange and bizarre trolleys. Each
had a slave, both male, strapped to it. The trolley that was wheeled into
position before sow's head had it slave bound with his muscular bottom cheeks
pointing straight up. The nature of his tight bondage was such that the well
formed slabs were held wide apart. Small, flexible plastic barriers had been
glued to his arse split one an inch or so below his anal ring, and the other a
similar distance above it. The prawn's bathed in rich red seafood sauce, had
been placed in the recess between those two barriers. The slave on my trolley
had been fixed so that his stiff cock pointed straight up. Its long stem was
held in hollow transparent plastic tube, the last three inches of which flared
out into a small dish. This, of course, meant the head of his cock, and perhaps
the last inch or so of the stem, was actually in the bowl, although, because of
the heap of prawns, I could not see it. My prawns were not, however, seasoned
with any form of sauce.

Once my human trolley was in place the male attendant moved up next to it,
lowered his tiny leather "G" string releasing a large, obviously highly aroused
prick, and adjusting his position so that its ripe plumb like head was poised
over my bizarre cocktail bowl. "You may add the sauce to you prawns, cock
worshipper." The transsexual instructed. I now, of course, knew why I had been
left the use of one of my arms. I reached out and grasped the hot, thick stem of
the attendant's throbbing prick and began to sensually stroke it. The male's
cock must have been stimulated, close to orgasm, before he came into the room
for it only took about ten strokes before the slit at its tip flared, and a huge
gob of creamy white ball juice flowed out of it and poured down onto my prawns.
While the prick ejaculated I slowly moved it around so the copious streams of
musky sex juice liberally coated all of my crustaceans, being sure to squeeze
every drop from the softening pole, and wishing that my other hand had also been
free so I could have squeezed the man's balls to completely empty them into my
bowl.

The attendant moved off as soon as I had emptied his balls over my cocktail, and
the transsexual then moved back in front of us. She addressed sow first saying,
"You may eat your appetiser now, arsehole worshipping slut, and be sure that
your bowl is scrupulously clean, including the crevasse at it base, before you
finish." And then addressing me she continued, "You may eat now too, prick
worshipping harlot, and make sure that your bowl is totally empty before you
raise your face."

Sow's face immediately dipped into the split arse cheeks that formed her bowl,
and her mouth went to work on the delicious prawns. I too lowered my face to my
dish and began to scoop spunk coated prawns into my mouth. Even had I not been
so hungry, I would still have eagerly consumed my degradingly seasoned food.
Prawns with man juice sauce is a combination I would gladly recommend to anyone.
They were delicious. After a few minutes the bowl was empty, all that remained,
sprouting up from its centre, was the thick swollen head of the human trolley's
cock. I loving closed my mouth over the tasty meat and sucked on it like the
passionate trollop I was. The hot pulsating knob began to swell in my warm
teasing mouth, and I knew it was about to reward my erotic efforts with a rich
load of spicy ball juice. My reaction to this realisation was to suck harder. My
almost instant bonus was a strong stream of man juice splashing into the back of
my gulping throat. The cock head spat six more strong jets of aromatic juice
into my welcoming mouth before it began to soften, and having been made slippery
by my saliva, when it slipped from my lips it retracted down into the plastic
stem of the weird dish.

I raised my head, licking the residue of food, and cock cream in particular,
from around my mouth. I saw that sow too, had finished her cocktail, and we both
waited, expectantly, for the next course of our obscene meal, always
humiliatingly aware that we were a constant source of erotic entertainment to
the patrons of the peep show seats. The meal consisted of two more courses, and
the methods described for the appetiser were repeated, more or less in the same
fashion, for each. The gravy for my meat based main course, obscenely it was
roasted pig's pricks, came from a cock which I masturbated with my free hand, as
did the cream for my dessert. I sucked the cream from two more cocks at the end
of each course. Sow also ate each of her remaining courses, the main one being
baked pig's arsehole, from  slave arse splits.

With the meal completed we were freed from our bondage by attendants, and the
transsexual again took charge of us. We were led from the dining room, and off
to another location in the building. The transsexual walked behind us, denying
us sight of his/her delightful charms. I wondered what else could possibly be in
store for us. We were ordered to stop before two closed doors that were quite
close together. The transsexual then announced:

"Your specialised lessons in humiliation have been completed, sluts. Now all
that remains is to test the results. These tests are to be conducted by the cafe
owners. They always personally inspect the results of their staff's efforts, and
the well being of we who have conducted your lessons depends on your
performance, so don't disappoint me. You may now proceed."

Both sow and I approached our respective doors, pushed them open, and crawled
inside. My wide eyes were greeted with the indescribable sight of the huge negro
whose mate I had served so humiliatingly at the special club a few nights
before. The huge, muscular black was seated in a large armchair. His mighty legs
were drawn up so that his feet were resting on the arms of the chair. His legs
were widely spread and his arse perched right at the edge of the seat. His
enormous prick hung heavily down from his splayed crotch. The incredibly long
and thick stem draped sexily over his equally massive balls. The sight of such
powerful, and awe inspiring masculinity filled me with blazing desire, and
before I knew it, my mouth had flown open and I was almost squealing out my
adoration and longing:

"Oh mighty Master! I adore your fantastic prick with all my heart! I worship the
fabulously beautiful balls at its glorious base from the depths of my soul! I
prostrate myself in perfect submission before the sheer power and potency of
your marvellous cock and sumptuous balls, and worship them with flawless
adulation!"

While my  demeaning ravings poured out the Master showed absolutely no interest.
He merely stared down, impassively, at my grovelling nudity, and accepted my
mindless, servile worship as if it were a natural every day occurrence. Then he
reached down with one enormous hand and grasped the thick stem of his prick and
pulled it up away from his balls, "Demonstrate the depths of you worshipping
adoration, harlot!" The man snapped. I leant forward, and with perfect
submission and utter worshipping joy, planted a series of devoted kisses all
over the rough hairy surface of his huge balls. The man then bent his sex stalk
back down. His fist squeezed the heavy stem, causing the already enormous cock
head to swell and flare even more. "Worship, slut!" The authorative voice
snapped. I pressed my lips to the tip of the sex knob with feeling of sexual
submission coursing through my body. I devotedly kissed the velvety meat over
and over, losing myself in my delicious degradation completely.

After a few minutes the man's hand thrust my face away from his thickening cock,
and I stared up at him from my kneeling position and cried out in wheedling,
snivelling tones, laced with submissive pleading, "Oh Please, Mighty Master!
Please! Please! Please! Permit this low, cock worshipping, slave whore to
pleasure your magnificent prick! I know, adored Master, that I'm not worthy of
receiving such a privilege, but my heart yearns to please you! I crave the taste
of you lovely, gorgeous cock! Please! Please! Please! Let me suck you off,
venerated Master!"

The Master let me continue to beg and plead for what seemed an eternity before
he made a show of reluctantly giving in to my pleas. I could tell that his
reticence was really a sham, because his massive cock had grown to almost its
full gigantic size, and visibly pulsated with his growing lust. "Suck me, whore
slut!" He roared, "And don't dare waste a single drop of my cock cream, if I
decide that the performance of your prick worshiping gullet warrants that I feed
it to you!"

I crept forward until I knelt between the negro's wide flung thighs. Delicious
sensations of submissive happiness filled my senses. At that moment I wanted to
suck the cream from that monster penis more than anything I had ever desired in
my life. I cupped his big swollen balls tenderly in both hands while I sniffed
up and down his throbbing length like a bitch in heat. A fresh surge of delight
washed over me when I finally allowed my eager tongue to lap at the pulsating
stalk of lust. My taste buds tingled in pleasure at the flavour of excited male
sexuality, and my lapping tongue became more and more lascivious as I sought to
give the man as much pleasure as was in my power to impart.

Having teased the throbbing stalk so lasciviously for a while I prepared myself
for the ultimate delight. My mouth gaped wide over the flaring cock head and,
with shivers of wantonly submissive bliss washing over me, I allowed my lips to
close around the hot meat, and used my soft, warm tongue to lave at it in
sensual abandon. The strong flavours it exuded overwhelmed all my other senses,
and I basked in total servile contentment. I plunged my mouth down on the huge
stalk, my jaws aching with the size of the invasion. The enormous cock head
drove down my gulping throat, stretching its tender membranes unbelievably. My
breath was totally cut off and I had to control my panic while my mouth
swallowed more and more of the thick, throbbing pole.

A sense of immaculate triumph flooded me when my nose pressed firmly into the
flesh of his lower bell and somehow, unbelievably, incredibly, his entire length
was buried down my convulsing gullet. I moved my head around slowly, to increase
the pleasure the Master received, as much as to ease the awful ache permeating
my impossibly stuffed mouth and throat, and painfully opened jaws. I began to
pump my mouth up and down on the throbbing cock with erotic sensuality. When
able, my soft tongue lapped and laved at the hot meat in joyous rapture. My
fingers caressed the furry balls with exquisite tenderness.

The negro's breathing became increasingly more ragged while my talented mouth
stimulated his pulsing prick with persistent sensuality. The mighty cock grew
hotter and hotter in my working mouth and gulping throat, and his sap filled
balls began to flex uncontrollably against my insistently caressing fingers.
When I felt the first signs of his cock convulsing I drew my lips up its length
until only the swollen head remained in my mouth. I then used one hand to stroke
his stem while my tireless tongue teased and stimulated the sex knob
ceaselessly. The mighty prick stem jerked in my stroking fingers. The force of
the stream of steamy ball cream that exploded from the tip of his erupting cock
was so powerful that it literally drove my tongue to the back of my throat, and
my mouth filled with juice. I had the presence of mind, although I don't know
how, to seal my lips around the base of the bursting prick head, while my cheeks
ballooned obscenely with the sheer quantify of hot, creamy cum pouring into my
mouth.

I somehow managed to extract my tongue from my throat, and swallowed wildly. The
thick, creamy cum flowed down my gulping throat like a river of liquid sex. The
spasming cock head released spurt after spurt of rich, ripe juice at a rate that
barely allowed me the pleasure of savouring its delicious flavours before having
to swallow it down my convulsing gullet. I lost all sense of time and place
while I drank thirstily from the exploding cock. My joy was complete. I had
brought this commanding man off, and now I was enjoying the reward I reaped. My
hand squeezed and pulled on his pulsating stem, and my fingers rolled his balls
as I endeavoured to drain them of every last drop of their potent fluid.

A sense of total satisfaction washed over me when my tongue joyfully lapped away
the last trickle of cream that the sated cock was able to give. I kissed the
head of the softening prick in total adoration before reluctantly allowing it to
flop back into the man's moist groin. I knelt back and began to thank him for
allowing me to serve him when his voice cut me off abruptly. "Your re-training,
cock sucking whore, is considered a success. Get on your way, back to your
owner, and demonstrate what you have been taught!" I backed my shuffling nudity
from the room, expressing heart felt gratitude to the huge Master for the gifts
he had granted me the whole time, until I had exited from the room.

The transsexual was standing waiting when I crawled back into the passage way.
His/her beautiful, stiff cock drew my gaze like a magnet, and my own achingly
hard stalk pulsed with pleasure at the sight of its erotic beauty. I crawled up
to the bizarre creature and knelt, with my adoring face only a couple of inches
from his/her mouth watering erection. "Sweet Mistress," I gasped, "I adore your
stunningly gorgeous penis with all my heart. My slave heart yearns and aches
with longing to worship it from the depths of its being. Please! Please! Please!
I beg you, allow my submissive lips and tongue to demonstrate to you my absolute
adulation of your ravishing penis! Allow me to suck you to ecstatic pleasure!"

The tall dominant stared down at my grovelling nudity, and his/her surprise at
the depths of my emotion clearly showed on his/her face, for I had lost myself
so completely in my role, that small tears of longing had formed in the corners
of my eyes. "You insatiable, cock adoring slut!" He/she laughed, taunting me,
"If I'm not mistaken, you've just been permitted to suck Master's enormous prick
off. Yet you still want more. But I'm afraid I'll have to disappoint you. My
lowered testosterone levels do not permit me to get stiff again too quickly
after my prick has spurted, and it's more than my job's worth to have to attend
to clients sporting a limp cock. I even have to wear this," He/she continued,
pointing out to me a thin golden band with an adjustable screw attached, that
was wrapped around the base of his/her cock stem, "to ensure that I remain stiff
as it is."

"Oh, sweet Mistress!" I cried in wanton submission, "I adored being permitted to
worship and pleasure Master's huge, manly cock, and to drain his massive, potent
balls dry of their luscious, powerful juices! But, adored Mistress, I love your
gorgeous penis. It is the most beautiful, beautiful, beautiful penis I have ever
been permitted to gaze at. The mere sight of your divine, exquisite, enchanting
penis makes my adoring heart ache and ache with longing. Please! Please! let my
worship it, sacred Mistress! I promise that I will suck it with such erotic,
sensual, lascivious passion that you will experience pleasure more exquisite
than any you have ever felt in your life!" I pleaded, my kneeling nudity
literally shivering with longing.

Such was the intensity of my concentration on persuading the transsexual to
allow me to suck his/her cock, that my own thick pole had wilted slightly, and
now stood out at right angles to my crotch, rather than arching up my belly. My
abject begging and pleading continued, "I promise, magnificent Mistress, I swear
that I will get you beautiful penis stiff again, a soon as it has allowed me the
indescribable pleasure of drinking of its hallowed essence. I swear that I can
get it hard again for you, adored Mistress. Please! Please! sweet Mistress! Fill
my yearning heart with complete happiness! Transport my soul to paradise! Let me
suck off your divine penis for you! Please! Please! Please! worshipped Mistress
I beg you! I beg you!"

I gazed up at the transsexual's beautiful face, tears of longing now actually
trickling down my cheeks. My heart surged with hope when I saw that his/her eyes
had softened, and now radiated a sort of affection I had not seen before. I
could also see that the sexual creature was struggling with the desire to feel
my mouth on him/her, and his/her duty to his/her employers. I could see that
he/she desperately wanted to believe that I would be true to my word, and be
able to revive his/her cock after it had spurted. I waited, with bated breath
for the inner struggle to be resolved. Suddenly the transsexual strode over to
the door that sow had disappeared behind, and pressed an eye up to a peep hole
in it.

He/she quickly returned to where I knelt, a tiny smile tugging at the corners of
his/her full, painted lips. My heart almost exploded in rapture when I saw
his/her fingers fumbling with the screw on the band enclosing the base of
his/her stiff cock. The transsexual stood before me and removed the golden band,
"All right, you sweet little prick adoring harlot. You can suck me off. But you
simply must get me stiff again when you've finished. I was not joking when I
said that not having it stiff will cost me my job, and I love working here." I
answered quickly, my voice thick with submissive lust, my heart racing with
sheer joy, and my prick once again stiff and throbbing in full, mighty erection,
"Oh Thank you, adored Mistress! Thank you! I will get you stiff and hard again
when I'm finished! You need have no fear!"

"Quickly now!" The excited creature whispered. "I don't know how much time we
have. But we should have some. I know that Mistress likes to eke out her
pleasure when she is having her arsehole sucked for her. But we had better hurry
anyhow." I kissed up and down the slim stem of the transsexual's mouth watering
cock with a level of happiness that even surprised me in its sheer intensity.
While my adoring lips brushed over the hot, hard flesh I whispered reverently,
"I love your gorgeous penis, sweet Mistress. It's so hard and hot. It tastes as
delicious as I knew it would. I would happily spend the rest of my life on my
knees, adoring your divine cock. I love it, Mistress! I love it so!"

"Hurry, sweet whore!" The transsexual whispered. I opened my mouth, and
swallowed the entire length of his/her beautiful prick, and wave after wave of
delight coursed through me as soon as its sensual hardness, and erotic heat was
engulfed in my adoring mouth. Normally the pricks I suck are large and thick,
not allowing me to fully employ all the talents of my mouth on them at the same
time. This, I suspect, is why I so adore sucking small cocks. It gives me the
opportunity to really work on them with all available sensual oral assets
simultaneously, tongue, palate, and throat.

My lips closed around the pulsing base of the beautiful penis. Its flaring head
was lodged, comfortably in my throat, and the underside, with its sensitive
ridge, lay along the top of my tongue. I went to work, overjoyed to be able to
utilise all of the prick sucking techniques I had been so extensively trained in
at essentially the same time. I was able to use my lips to sensually squeeze at
the pulsing base. My wriggling tongue erotically teased the throbbing stem. And
my convulsing throat muscles were able to lavishly massage the swollen, nerve
filled head of the pleasure filled cock.

The transsexual was subjected to such exquisite sexual stimulation that her/his
voice was soon emitting little shrieks of delight, and he/she kept murmuring,
over and over, "Oh, sweet slut, that feels so good! Soooo Gooood!" I redoubled
my efforts to pleasure the Mistress, beginning to hum softly so that the tiny
vibrations would add to the exquisite sensations my adoring mouth were already
imparting on his/her pleasure filled pole of lust. I suckled him/her with all
the devotion and skill I possessed. I basked in my submissive joy while his/her
hot musky flavours filled my senses. Her/his delicious prick began to jerk and
pulsate in my mouth's warm, wet, worshipping embrace, and I instinctively knew
that he/she was about to climax. I changed my method ever so lightly to send
him/her over the edge. I began to move my mouth up and down on the quivering
stem. This allowed my tongue to tease more of its length, and, with the head now
vacating my throat with each outward stroke, I was able to use my throat muscles
to erotically squeeze the pleasure soaked knob each time it pushed into its
convulsing embrace again.

The shivering transsexual could take no more of such exquisite stimulation, and
his/her spasming prick began to spurt. Small streams of the sweetest ball cream
I had ever tasted splashed into my adoring mouth. My heart exploded with sheer
submissive, sexual exhilaration, and I savoured the delectable flavour of the
sex elixir in sheer happiness before, almost reluctantly, swallowing it. I
sucked on the wildly spurting prick with all the love and devotion that filled
my heart, until I had drained it completely, and the pole softened rapidly in my
worshipping mouth.

It was with a real feeling of loss that I finally allowed the satiated cock to
escape my mouth. The transsexual, his/her eyes still filled with the wonder of
his/her pleasure, looked down at me, then her face frowned in consternation at
the sight of his/her soft, flopping, completely spent cock. Noting her growing
despair I cried softly, "Quickly, sweet Mistress," I whispered, my own happiness
still clearly evident, "Spread you legs. I'll soon get you stiff again." The
transsexual spread his/her slim thighs wide and I leaned my head forward, and
turned my face upwards. I reached up and tenderly parted the cheeks of his/her
shapely bottom and slipped my face between them. My long tongue immediately
speared the tight pout of his/her anal rosebud, and drove deeply into his/her
humid arse pit. The tip of my tongue soon located his/her prostate gland, and
began to tease and stimulate it with sensuous intensity. At the same time I used
the very tips of my fingers to flutter up and down the length of the drooping
prick.

It didn't take long for such erotic excitation to begin to take effect. The soft
tube of the transsexual's prick slowly began to swell and lengthen. I redoubled
my efforts, my deeply buried tongue abandoned its teasing titillating, activity
to replace it with vigorous massage of the now writhing prostate, and my fingers
began to squeeze and stroke the hardening pole of sexual lust. Within mere
minutes the cock was stiff and hard again, and stood proudly against the
transsexual's quivering belly.

I withdrew my aching tongue from the depths of his/her spicy arse chute, and
began to kiss up and down the newly aroused stalk of his/her sex. I grinned up
at him/her with impish self satisfaction and teasing begged, "Please, adored
Mistress! Please, can I suck it off again, now that I've got it stiff and hard!" 
The happy creature chuckled down at me, with a look of deep affection in his/her
eyes that filled me with submissive pleasure, and replied, while reaching into
his/her crotch to replace the band around the base of his/her rigid prick, "You
incorrigible, cock adoring harlot, haven't you had enough yet?" I replied, with
a fervour that I truly felt, "I could never get enough of a penis as beautiful
as yours is, darling Mistress."

Our sexy repertoire was interrupted by the noise of the door through which sow
had disappeared opening. The gorgeous submissive crawled from the room, and over
to us. A frown of petulant anger flashed across her lovely face when she noticed
the look of contentment I wore, not to mention the obvious affection the
standing transsexual showed for me, evidenced by his/her hand which was gently
petting my hair. Sow had soon guessed that I had been granted something special
by the Mistress, and she knew of my talent in wheedling my way into a dominant's
affections with my super submissive behaviour. I knew I was in for a tirade of
jealousy from her when we were alone again.

The transsexual Mistress led us back to the front of the cafe, and showed us
into a small room. Our skimpy costumes were laying on the sole chair in the
room, and a big spoon was plunged into a bucket of ice on a small table. The
beautiful transsexual bad us goodbye, petting me tenderly on my bowed head
before he/she left. This gesture was not wasted on sow, and as soon as we were
alone she cried out in peevish indignation, "The Mistress let you suck her off
didn't she, piglet?" I decided to tease sow even more, and answered, "Of course
she did. She knew a good thing when she saw it. She even allowed me to suck her
delicious arse ring afterwards, so there!" "You know I'll get you back, piglet,
don't you. You know I'll make you pay for getting more than me!" Sow rejoined
petulantly.

I used the cold spoon to soften my aching prick, so I could put my skimpy shorts
back on, and then we dressed in our outlandishly indecent clothes and walked
back out onto the crowded street. "Ouch!" I cried when sow viciously pinched one
of my bare bottom cheeks, "That's for sucking the Mistress' arsehole, piglet.
Sucking arsehole was supposed to be my treat in the cafe, not yours. But don't
think that's all the punishment you're going to get, you little slut!"

I could barely contain my mirth at her display of petulance, and, despite the
stern exterior she tried to maintain, she could not stop a small smirk of glee
from appearing on her full pouting lips. From time to time, as we wandered down
the street, passers by pointed at us and giggled. We flushed with embarrassment
when this happened. These were obviously individuals who had seen our
humiliating performance in the cafe's peep show areas.

Sow stopped me when we were passing a boutique specialising in bondage
equipment. "This place should have what I want to get to compliment our costumes
for tomorrow night." She cried. "We have to go back to the motel first," I
replied, "I spent all the money we had on us at the cafe." Sow thought for a few
seconds, then grinned roguishly and said, "I'll get what I want for nothing,
piglet. It'll be fun. You just have to act like my slave, and do exactly what
you're told." I tried to protest but sow would hear nothing of it, accusing me
of being a scared old fuddy duddy who never took any chances, and insisted. I
eventually gave in, as I always do with sow. I can refuse the girl I love so,
nothing.

We entered the store, and I saw that the counter was attended by a youth in his
late teens. The lad was tall and slender, and dressed in black leather trousers
and a silk shirt. Sow urged me down onto my knees, and we cruised the shelves of
the shop while sow sought out the item she wanted. While I crawled along,
dutifully, behind her, gazing lovingly at the luscious beauty of her gorgeous
bare bottom cheeks, sow began to erotically tease the attendant, preparing the
lad for her pitch for a free piece of equipment. From time to time she would
glance at him, and give him a beatific smile designed to melt his heart. Every
few minutes she would make a show on scratching an itch somewhere on her body,
ensuring that, in doing so, he was given a brief, but tantalising glimpse of one
of her lovely naked tits.

After ten or so minutes she removed a pair of cuffs, connected together by three
feet of small linked chain. The cuffs were lockable, but did not require
padlocks to achieve this, rather their locks were actually embedded in them. She
took the cuffs over to the counter, with me submissively crawling along behind
her, and laid them on the top. "Darling," she cooed at the young clerk, "I need
these cuffs to restrain my little slave here," She continued, reaching down and
stoking my hair as though I were a pet, "But I'm broke, sweetheart. Can we come
to some other arrangement to pay for them?" She asked, treating the youth do her
most lascivious smile.

The attendant's face showed that he had been here before, and was not about to
be duped by this girl and her male slave, no matter how gorgeous and sexy she
was. Sow immediately recognised this, and so, before he could throw us out, made
her pitch. "I'll tell you what, darling," She breathed huskily, "I'll have my
little slave suck you off. He's been trained in the techniques of cock sucking
for years, and I'm told is the most skilled exponent of that erotic art in the
whole principality, if not the whole world! You don't want to miss the
opportunity to experience his mouth on your prick, I assure you."

This offer certainly stopped the youth in his tracks as far as throwing us out
immediately was concerned, but, never the less, he was still not convinced that
he should give us the set of cuffs. Sow, seeing this pressed on quickly, not
wanting to let the wavering youth slip back into a state of automatic denial.
She flipped up the bottom of her skimpy "T" shirt, baring the stiff teated
mounds of her glorious tits completely, and pitched sexily, "To clinch the deal,
lover, I'll let you play with these, and even suck on them while the slave
brings you off."

It was this that tipped the scales in sow's favour. The youth thought about her
sexy offer for a couple of seconds, and then rushed over to the door, put a
"Back in Ten Minutes" sign on it, locked it, and pulled down its blind. By the
time he returned to us he had already undone his pants. Sow levered herself up
onto the counter so that she faced the lad, and curtly commanded me to crawl
around to him and get to work. I entered into the spirit of the game. I fished
the youth's prick out of his leather trousers, and such is the eagerness of
youth, his cock was already stiff and hot. My fingers had soon extracted his
moist, hairy balls as well, and I caressed then seductively while my skilled
mouth prepared to do what it does best, suck cock.

I swallowed the youth's stiff prick deeply into my mouth in one gulp, thrilling,
as I always did, to the sensation of hot, musky, male sex filling my throat. I
always experience sensations of delicious humility when my mouth is filled with
prick, even after so much time, and so many cocks. My mouth went to work with
sensual skill, teasing and stimulating the young man's hot prick with
tantalising expertise. His reaction was immediate. I don't know how often he had
had his prick sucked in his young life, but I could tell he hadn't had it sucked
by anyone as skilled at the art as I before.

While I sucked him his hands began to caress and squeeze sow's enormous tits.
His fingers pinched tenderly at her stiff teats, causing them to get even
harder. Sow, ever searching for more, drew his face towards one of her throbbing
teats, and begging him to suck. She sighed with pleasure as soon as his eager
mouth had closed over her nipple. Sow loves to have her teats suckled, and this
activity aroused her sexual vitality much more intensely than in most other
women I had met. Soon she was adding to the youth's pleasure by whispering
incessantly, another erotic method sow loved to utilise, because it always gave
her as much pleasure as it did to the object of her desire:

"Oh darling, you suck a girl's tits so beautifully. Where did you learn to suck
tit so nicely. My pussy is flooding with juice because of how deliciously you're
sucking my tit, lover. My slut's mouth is sucking you gorgeously, isn't it?
Don't you just love a submissive mouth on your cock. My servile slut just adores
sucking fresh young pricks like yours, sweetheart. Oh, that feels so good. Suck
my other tit now, sugar. Don't you just love my big tits, they certainly adore
your clever mouth. I'll bet my little cock sucking harlot can't wait to get a
big mouthful of your hot spicy ball cream, darling. The lewd trollop loves
drinking virile male prick juice more than anything else in the world. You're
going to feed the greedy little slut a big load, aren't you darling? he can't
wait! Oh, that's right, sugar, bite my throbbing teat hard!"

On and on she went, titillating the excited youth with sensuous chatter, while
my eager mouth sucked his throbbing prick with ever increasing passion. Sucking
this cock had started out as a chore for me, but now it had become a sexual joy,
as I entered into the erotic depravity of the act. This obviously had an effect
on the sheer sensuality of my performance, for the youth was soon almost
squealing with pleasure, into the firm flesh of the excited tit he sucked so
lustfully. His cock began to jump and jerk within the warm wet confines of my
mouth. I sucked harder and harder, driving the pleasure filled lad to his orgasm
with single minded devotion. His cock pulsed strongly, and a flood of hot, young
ball cream jetted into my throat. I shivered with pleasure while stream after
stream of creamy juice spurted into my mouth, and slid down my gulping throat.
Sow clutched the head of the youth to her swollen tits while he came and came,
exhorting him to drown me in his cock cream.

I sucked the lad dry, emptying his balls completely, drinking down his delicious
offering in pure elation. Finally his cataclysmic explosion ceased, almost as
abruptly as it had began. My lips squeezed his softening cock tube vigorously,
extracting the last succulent dregs of his juice, before letting the sated organ
escape from my mouth to flop down against his thighs. I dutifully packed his
spent genitals back into his leather trousers while he panted into the huge
mounds of sow's gorgeous tits. I did up his fly and remained on my knees,
savouring the lingering ambience of his sexuality while sow talked him down from
his sexual high.

Sow dropped down from her perch on the counter, and allowed her "T" shirt to
fall back over her lovely tits. She smiled at the contented youth while he
wrapped up the cuffs for her. I crawled around to the front of the counter
again, and continued to kneel at her feet, continuing the charade of being her
slave. The attendant handed her the parcel, and she beckoned to me to follow her
to the door. The youth rushed over to hold it open for us, still trying to come
to grips with the experience he had just had. As soon as we were back on the
street I stood up, and we wandered off down the crowded thoroughfare. Sow
chatted to me excitedly about how we had managed to get the cuffs, asking me if
I had enjoyed sucking the lad's prick, urging me to describe its flavour, and
how it had felt when it flooded my mouth with cum.

It was obvious that sow had become extremely aroused by the event, not to
mention by having her sensitive teats sucked for so long. In fact I could
clearly see that the skimpy cloth that struggled to hide her gorgeous pussy was
quite damp. I knew that sow would need to satisfy her sexual urges soon, or she
would go mad with desire, and might do something we could both regret. It was,
unfortunately, her nature to immerse herself in anything sexual, at any time,
when her erotic yearning needed to be slaked, no matter what the potential cost
might be.

We came to the night spot that I had first visited on that initial night in
Natchez. The heavily built door man was out on the pavement advertising the
delights to be enjoyed inside. He stared at us while we approached, as did most
people, not just because of sow's voluptuous beauty, but mostly because of the
pure erotic sexuality of our skimpy attire. Despite the fact that I no longer
sported a beard the huge man recognised me from my previous visit. He
immediately began to try to persuade us to sample the delights of the night
club, although I strongly suspected that he wanted to sample the delights of us
as much.

We were, however, still broke, and it was getting late. I wanted to ensure that
we had plenty of rest before the next night's possible events, and was
consequently anxious for us to return to the motel. I knew that sow was going to
insist on a long bout of sexual games before we slept anyhow, so the earlier we
got there the better. Sow, however, had other ideas. Her pent up excitement and
arousal was almost palpable, and she cupped a hand to my ear, pretending
shyness, and whispered, "Ask him if he has a paddle handy, piglet." she
demanded.

I shrugged my shoulders in helpless acceptance, and asked the doorman the
question. He grinned at sow, instinctively knowing that the strange question was
hers and not mine, and slipped into the club's enclosed vestibule. He quickly
returned and showed off a leather paddle shaped almost exactly like a squash
racquet in terms of size, a substantial grip, long thin, metal shaft, heavy,
circle of barely flexible black leather, about a quarter of an inch thick and a
foot in diameter. He swished the paddle around for our benefit, and sow's eyes
took on a radiance of pure longing while she watched. She cupped my ear again
and whispered, "Tell him I'll only agree to suck his cock off if he promises to
whip my fat arse cheeks hard with that lovely paddle." I whispered back, "We
haven't got time, sow. We have to get our rest before tomorrow night." Sow
rejoined, "There you go again, trying to curtail my pleasure." She whispered
petulantly, "You've sucked off plenty of pricks tonight, I've sucked off none.
Now I want a turn, and all you want to do is stop me! It's not fair!"

I was about to remind sow that it was in fact she who had prompted my cock
sucking activities, not me, when she changed her tack, "Please, darling piglet,
let me. Please. I won't take long, and he'll be punishing me for having upset
you, won't he. Please piglet, ask him, pretty please!" I almost laughed at her
wheedling pleading. She knew how to get to me, knowing that when she really
turned it on I could refuse her nothing. It was just as well that her gorgeous
bottom was going to receive a painful lacing, maybe it would serve to teach her
a thing or two. I conveyed her proposition to the waiting doorman. His reaction
was immediate. A broad smile split his thick, negroid lips, and he urged us to
enter the vestibule. Once inside the man closed the club door, a course of
action that would normally signify to potential patrons that the establishment
was full.

Sow, ever eager for her pleasure to begin, immediately knelt before him, and
tried to assist him in lowered his leather pants. The incorrigible slut could
not wait to get at the man's massive cock, or was it that she craved the hurt
that the cruel paddle would inflict on her voluptuous bare bottom cheeks, a
combination of both I, suspect. As soon as the man's giant cock was freed sow
swallowed as much of its hot, thick meat, as her avid mouth could accommodate.
She began to suck on the log of male sexuality with all the passion of a crazed
nymphomaniac. She thrust out the cheeks of her svelte arse, as if begging for
the torment of the gorgeous mounds to begin.

She was not to be disappointed. The heavy paddle slapped viciously onto the
plump slabs with a heavy whump. This forced sow's hips to surge forward, as much
with the force of the blow, as with her instinctive tendency to have her bottom
escape its cruel punishment. Sow moaned her hurt deep in the throat of her prick
stuffed mouth. She soon had her arse protruding invitingly, as if begging for
the next blow of the paddle, and it was not long in coming. Obviously the
doorman enjoyed beating her beautiful bottom as much as he did having her eager
mouth sucking on his hot, stiff cock. After the first few cruel strokes of the
paddle sow's slowly reddening bottom cheeks ceased to retreat after each blow,
rather she began to sensually undulate her hips, and kept her punished cheeks
sticking out, as if begging for their sensuous torment.

I was watching the action with erotic fascination, marvelling at my beautiful
sow's capacity for delicious shows of submissive depravity, when a husky voice
coming from behind me interrupted my concentration. "Are you thirsty, love?" I
glanced back over my shoulders, tearing my eyes from the sexy spectacle of sow
and her Master, and saw that the voice belonged to a quite mature woman
occupying the club's ticket booth. The woman's low cut bodice revealed the
creamy top halves of an impressively large set of tits. The woman smiled sexily
at me, and then, when she was sure that she had my complete attention, reached
into her bodice with both hands and scooped both of her big soft, pulpy tits out
of the loose garment.

My mouth gaped in wonder at the size of the floppy udders, and more excitingly,
at the small rivulets of pale fluid dripping from their large rubbery teats. "My
tits are so full that they feel like they are about to burst, honey." The woman
smiled. "Would you like to drink them dry for me?" I didn't know what to say. I
had never been in such a situation before in my life. But my mouth had no
reservations, and immediately flooded with saliva, as though the most delicious
dish on the menu had been placed before me, and I was starving.

The woman saw my physical reaction to her suggestion and reacted to it by
opening the door to her small cubicle to allow me to join her. I moved into the
confined space quickly, and she ran her hand around the back of my head,
caressing my long soft hair for a few seconds, and then drawing my face down to
her right tit. My mouth opened dutifully, and closed over the thick moist nipple
the woman fed me. I suckled on the hard teat sensuously, and my mouth was
flooded with a deluge of sickly sweet woman's milk. I swallowed the first
mouthful, trying to come to grips with the almost overpowering sweetness.

A few mouthfuls later it became apparent that the flavour woman's milk grew on
you, and my suckling became, almost instinctively more vigorous, just like that
of a hungry baby, and oceans of the delicious milk were gulped down by my
suddenly thirsty mouth. The woman sighed with contentment, and her fingers began
to squeeze at her tit, to force her milk into my mouth even faster than my
thirsty mouth was achieving. After a few minutes, during which I sucked the tit,
and drank copious quantity of woman's milk, I listened to the sound of the
smacks being delivered to sow's bottom, I found that my greedy mouth was no
longer drawing any milk from the teat. The tit was empty. The woman, also
realising this, tenderly moved my face to her other tit, and fed my greedy mouth
its thick nipple with a sigh of happiness. Soon my mouth was again inundated
with the sweet flow of her milk, and I blissfully drank.

I had soon emptied this tit of all the milk it had to offer and, I must admit
that I was not sorry. My belly was beginning to feel queasy from the sheer
sickly sweetness of the milk. The ticket attendant smiled at me with a look of
contented satisfaction while she packed her empty tits back into her bodice. She
opened the door to her booth and pushed me out without so much as a thank you
for the sensuous service I had done for her. Once I was back in the vestibule I
was able to witness the climax of sow's little performance. The cheeks of her
bottom were, by this time, rosy red from the constant slapping of the forcefully
wielded paddle.

Her beautiful face was pumping up and down in the man's crotch, his huge cock
stretched her jaws wide with each thrust. From the look of sheer ecstasy on the
man's thrown back face it was obvious that his orgasm was imminent. In fact, I
arrived just in time to see him throw down the paddle, and grasped sow's head in
both hands while his pleasure filled prick exploded in the warm, wet embrace of
her ever eager mouth. The climaxing man moaned with pleasure while his balls
emptied their load of sex cream into sow's gulping gullet. I shivered with
arousal while I watched my sweetheart's throat obviously swallowing the man's
prick juice with eager passion.

Sow ensured that she was not denied even a drop of her target's offering,
squeezing both the man's softened balls, and the wilting stem of his sated cock,
while she tongued up the final dregs she was able to squeeze out from the tip of
his cock. When she was finally satisfied that the exhausted prick had nothing
left to surrender, she rose to her feet, smiling at the satiated man like the
cat that had got the cream, which, of course, was exactly how she felt. I never
ceased to marvel at the sheer erotic and wanton nature of the gorgeous sow. She
seemed to have a limitless capacity to immerse her entire being in her lust and
depraved debauchery.

She sidled up to me and taunted, "Now that I've had my fix, piglet darling, we
can go home." I decided not to mention what I had been doing while she enjoyed
the doorman's attentions. It would not be a wise thing to do, to remind her that
I had been given yet another highly erotic treat that she had been excluded
from. The fact that she had been otherwise engaged at the time would have meant
nothing at all to her, she would have insisted that, if I truly cared, I would
have waited for her, and then we could have shared. If she found out she would
almost certainly begin to look for something equally debauched to indulge
herself alone in, just as a means of getting even with me. We took off down the
street towards our motel. I slipped my arm around her waist and cupped one of
her rosy bottom mounds. The skin still radiated heat from her recent spanking,
and I teased her about it. Sow petulantly complained that the least satisfying
aspect of her wanton performance was the lack of real force with which her
spanking had been administered, commenting fractiously at how selfish men became
once their stiff cocks were being sucked.

I laughed at her petulance and commented, "Then, sweet sow, if that is so why is
the gusset of your shorts so completely drenched with pussy juice?" Sow grinned
impishly, and replied, "I didn't say that I didn't enjoy the spanking, piglet,
but he didn't hit me anywhere near hard enough to make me cum." We continued on
until we found ourselves outside our room. I asked sow to go to the reception
area and arrange for a late breakfast for us, telling her to try to get it
delivered as late as midday if she could.

Sow ran off to do her errand while I unlocked our door and went inside. I
immediately stripped off and went into the bathroom, deciding to get a head
start on my shower before sow returned. I stood under the streaming hot water,
soaping my naked body over and over for at least ten minutes before beginning to
wonder what was keeping sow. I began to realise that I might have made a mistake
letting the insatiable girl out of my sight. I hoped that I would not have to go
looking for her, but I was beginning to suspect that she had returned to the
town in search of more depraved sexual excess.

I left the shower, after a few more luxurious minutes, and was towelling my
glowing skin dry when the door finally opened, and sow, wearing a satisfied
smile flounced into the room. She rushed up to me and planted a sloppy kiss on
my mouth. The reason for her obvious self satisfaction became immediately
evident, her face smelled like a drooling cunt. "What have you been up to, you
incorrigible little slut?" I asked in a resigned tone. Sow giggled girlishly,
and replied, "Well, the receptionist told me that late breakfasts were out of
the question. I had to find some way to persuade her to change the rules for us,
didn't I." I rejoined in mock exasperation, "I'm sure there were other means you
might have tried in lieu of sucking the girl off." "Probably," sow countered,
"But none quite as pleasing, and certain of success, as my greedy mouth on her
hairy pussy, I'll bet."

I could but agree, and then watched while sow stripped off and skipped into the
bathroom. Soon the sound of the shower going drowned out all other sounds in the
room. I lay down on the bed and rested comfortably while I waited for sow to
finish. My long, thick cock was in a state of semi erection, despite my physical
tiredness. While I had sucked for many orgasms in the men I had serviced
seemingly non stop all night, I had not, in fact, climaxed once myself, the
entire evening. Suddenly my musings were rudely interrupted by the voluptuous
nude body of the beautiful sow bouncing onto the bed next to me.

Sow snuggled up to me, and one of her hands stroked down my bare chest to my
crotch. She seductively caressed my prick until it stood, hard and erect, then
declared, with her normal mocking petulance, "This gorgeous, hard prick owes my
mouth three loads of ball cream, piglet, and not just because it loves me, and
would not deny me anything I want, but just so that I can catch up with what you
were able to have at the cafe, not to mention in the sex shop." She slowly slid
down my body while she spoke, until my prick trembled at the slightly ticklish
sensations caused by her warm breath as she blew softly on its hot length.

Not to be outdone, and in order to further tease her, I reached down and grabbed
her by the cheeks of her voluptuous arse and drew the big, shapely mounds up
towards my own face. "If that's the case," I taunted, "Then I should be allowed
to suck your luscious little arse hole for at least as long as it's going to
take you to receive what you reckon my prick owes you. Fairs fair, you got to
suck lots of lovely arse hole tonight, and I didn't get any! I'm not even going
to touch this," I continued, giving her hairy pussy a gentle squeeze, "But I'll
bet I make it cum anyhow, more than a few times before you finish me, you
lascivious slut!"  I'm sure that sow would have made her usual snappy rejoinder
for me had her mouth not already been full of hot throbbing cock.

I gently parted the lovely moons of sow's enticing bottom, still slightly
pinkish as a result of their earlier paddling, and slipped my face into the
warm, fleshy chasm between them. I began to tease the ridged rosebud of her anus
with the tip of my tongue, relishing its deliciously rank flavour. Sow's hot
mouth sucked on my pounding prick with all the passion of a starving whore, and
soon my own tongue was buried deeply in the humid depths of her writhing arse
tube, its tip madly titillating her shuddering prostate. My first load of cum
flooded into sow's sucking gullet after only about ten minutes, and she gulped
the creamy juice down with feral hunger.

We went at each other for at least two more hours. Sow, in fact, managed to
bring me off four times, not the promised three, and my balls were beginning to
ache badly through over draining. My tongue also began to feel as though it had
been caught in a vacuum cleaner for hours, and it was a relief when I was
finally able to extract it from the lewd vice that was sow's unquenchable
arsehole. The sheet on which my chest lay was literally saturated with sow's
pussy cream. Sow turned her nudity around, and snuggled up to me. The delicious
creature was asleep almost before head had nestled into the crook of my neck. I
too, took little time to drift off into a deep, dreamless sleep.




Chapter 7 - The Abduction

We woke next day to the sound of knocking on our door. The receptionist handed
me a tray loaded with our breakfast when I opened the door. She gave me an
embarrassed look, no doubt as a result of sow's actions of the previous evening.
We sat down ate the table and hungrily consumed a hearty breakfast. Once we had
finished eating we dressed, for the last time I hoped, in our ridiculously
skimpy costumes. We had to go into town to buy some make-up to compliment the
bizarre costumes we were to wear to the "heavy" club.

Sow selected the lipsticks, mascaras, nail polishes, and other cosmetics we
required. I must admit I was quite excited by this as I had not worn make-up
since my banishment, and longed for the sensations of humiliation that being
made up like a woman had always brought to the surface in me. We returned to our
motel at about mid afternoon and showered, and in my case, shaved carefully, in
readiness for the donning of our sexy outfits.

The moment had arrived. I laid out our costumes on the bed, and decided that I
would dress sow first, and then she could take care of me. The submissive girl's
eyes shone with excitement. I started off by lightly dusting sow's legs with
talcum powder and then smoothing the fine, scarlet latex stockings up her
gorgeous limbs. The tops of the hose reached to just past the mid points of
sow's full, smooth thighs. I could tell from the dreamy expression on her
beautiful face that the girl loved the erotic sensations of the sensuous
material on her skin.

Next I draped the main ensemble of the costume over sow's shoulders. I drew a
pair of thin leather straps through her legs, and loosely fastened them to
others running down her back from her neck. I then fastened the straps that
enclosed her torso, one just below her huge tits, and the other just above her
belly button. This allowed me to concentrate on the two really erotic items of
what was essentially a body harness of polished black leather. I attended to her
massive, lovely tits first. The strap that enveloped her torso below those
jutting mounds was equipped, in the front, with two combinations of shiny,
black, stretch velour material, and multiple tiny leather straps, tapes really,
for they were too thin to be called straps.

The velour tubes, attached to the upper torso strap close to the chest, were
about three inches in diameter, and an equal size in length. I took the first
one and went to work. I stretched the tube open as widely as my strength would
allow, and then began to work it onto the mound of sow's large, creamy tit. Once
I had the tube over the top half of the mound I set about working it down to the
base. It took some time, such is the sheer size of the tit, but eventually it
was in place. It enclosed the wide base of the breast and squeezed its firm
flesh quite strongly. This, of course, caused the balloon of tit meat that
protruded from the other end of the tube to swell, and bulge lewdly, the nipple
at its end also swelling and hardening with the pressure applied by the
elasticity of the velour tube. I quickly repeated the action with sow's other
huge udder, and then went around to her back and tightened the strap to which
the velour cylinders were attached, ensuring that they were not able to slip
forward on her smooth, creamy tit flesh.

Moving back around to the front of her body, I went to work on the remainder of
the preparations associated with her tits. Two small velour tubes were now
resting against the already stiffened meat of her big nipples These were only
about an inch in both diameter and length, and four thin, supple leather tapes
attached them to the stretched cylinders now squeezing the bases of her massive
mounds so tightly, hung quite loosely over her bulging tit flesh. I worked the
two smaller elasticised tubes over each of the swollen teats until they tightly,
but sensuously, squeezed the tit meat just below the bases of the teats. I
quickly drew each of the tiny straps tight and fixed them in place, so that they
could serve their design purpose, to keep the velour tubes in place below the
teats from slipping up over them.

"Oh, piglet, darling," sow breathed in obvious excitement, "What a deliciously
clever harness. My tits feel so good, and my teats are tingling with pleasure."
I stood back and inspected the results of my efforts. The bizarre harness did
indeed enhance the sexiness, and delightful submissiveness, of sow's gorgeous
big tits. The tubes squeezing their bases caused the bare portions of the
enormous mounds to bulge erotically, and the tiny black leather straps
connecting those large tubes to the smaller ones below her teats enhanced the
sheer seductiveness of the quasi bondage effect. The teats themselves were, by
now, fully stiffened, and had swelled deliciously. I could just imagine how the
harness was affecting sow, both physically and psychologically.

To complete the adornment of her tits I took two quite heavy cut glass pendants
with rings attached. I placed each of these through her pierced teats so that
the pendants hung from her stiff nipples seductively. The whole affect was one
of pure erotic sensuality. I smiled at sow, then knelt at her feet, telling her
to spread her legs. I drew the final two straps of the body harness through her
legs, taking extreme care in their positioning. Each strap was carefully placed
on either side of the long, plump lips of her exquisite pussy. The insides of
these straps had been treated with a special, glue like substance that kept them
from slipping around on her smooth skin once they were in place. The two straps
crossed over on that section of flesh between the bottom where her pussy lips
joined, and her anal rosebud, then rose up, a few inches apart, up her
voluptuous bottom cheeks. I fixed these two straps to buckles on the strap
around her waist, pulling them tight enough to ensure that they would not slip.

The positioning of these two straps not only caused sow's pussy lips to pout,
but also split her svelte bottom cheeks seductively, although not widely enough
to actually bare her anus. Hanging from the front of the low slung waist strap
were six garters, evenly spaced, one hanging down the front of each thigh, one
down each hip, and the third down the centre of each buttock. I clipped each of
these to the tops of her latex hose. These garters were purely for show, of
course, as the rubber stockings were highly unlikely to slip down her legs due
to the nature of the material they were made of.

Two more items associated with the body harness, only, now remained to be
attended to. The first consisted of a circular ring of the same velour material
as the tit tubes. The top of this small circular shaped ring of material hung by
a single thin leather strap descending from the centre of the waist strap. I
pulled the ring of material down and attached the end of another, much smaller
strap, fixed to the other side of the circle, to a stud on the centre of the two
straps that crossed at the base of her crotch. Then I carefully positioned the
circle of velour around sow's plump pussy lips, brushing her fluffy pussy hair
out of the way so that the material made full contact with her soft skin. The
edges of the circle had also been treated with a sticky substance so that it too
could not slip, once pressed into place.

The edges of the velour circle had tiny cords embedded in them. I meticulously
pulled on these cords, and securely tied them off, trimming the excess string
off with a pair of manicure scissors sow had purchased with our make-up.
"Oooooh! That feels so sexy! I feel like my cunt has been turned inside out.
It's just gorgeous, darling piglet!" Sow cried. I looked at the picture her
pussy now made with sensual excitement, making my own blood rush. The circle of
material had caused the lips of her pussy to both scrunch up slightly, and, more
erotically, to seem to open out like a flower. The pressure caused the whole sex
to appear as if it was thrust forward in open, seductive invitation. Sow's
already stiffening girl prick was completely exposed, its head, and a small
length of it's stem protruding from its protective sheath of skin, and the
ragged edged mouth of her cunt pit gaped open lewdly.

I took another, slightly smaller pendant, and ran its tiny ring through the
piercing mid way down the stem of sow's semi erect girl prick. When in place
this little ring made sure that sow's clitoral stalk was kept exposed, and the
small glass bead hung down over the splayed open mouth of her pussy pit. The
whole effect was to both expose, and then highlight the interior meat of her
lovely pussy, and it certainly did that. Sow was beside herself with excitement
at the erotic picture her lovely body now made. She pirouetted in front of the
room's full length mirror, preening and prancing in delight. She looked like a
perfect erotic picture of sensual submission, and was obviously loving it.

I had just one more surprise for her, and set about revealing it. A single strap
was attached to the centre of her waist strap on her back. About an inch from
the other end of this strap a ten inch long, one inch thick dildo was fastened
to its inside. I sucked the smooth plastic length of the dildo into my mouth to
wet its surface, and then slipped my face into the split between sow's lovely
bottom cheeks and tongued the spicy ring of her rosebud anus to moisten, and
loosen it. I then drove the full length of the dildo into her rectum, eliciting
a small squeal of both surprise and delight from her. Once the dildo was fully
inside her, I attached the other end of the strap to a stud next to the one that
held her pussy presenter in place.

This completed the main preparations of sow's costuming. After admiring herself
for a few more minutes in the mirror, and assailing me with how sexy and
submissive she felt, we started on my attire. In truth, my costume was identical
to sow's in most respects. There was no tit harness, of course, in its place
were two circles of stretch velour which, when in place on my chest, circled my
nipples. I too had an identical set of cut glass pendants attached to my nipples
through their piercings. The weight of the pendants dangling from my small teats
made them both stiffen, and tingle with pleasure.

In place of the circle that spread open sow's beautiful pussy, my costume had
three connected stretch velour circlets. One was about two inches long, and a
three quarters of an inch in diameter. The other two were only an inch long, and
about the same diameter. Sow worked studiously, feeding each of my fat testicles
through the two smaller circlets. When she had finished, and after she had
worked my pubic hair out of the way, my balls bulged obscenely, and were widely
separated. They looked like two completely separate knobs of white meat. She
then worked the other tube of stretch material over my limp prick, working it
down to the base of the long thick stem. She then caressed my sex stalk until it
was fully erect and hard.  When in place the collar of stretch material squeezed
the base of my prick tightly, but not uncomfortably so, and, of course, served
its purpose, to ensure that my cock remained erect.

When she had finished my cock and balls were presented, in erotic sexual
arousal, and in a sensual form of symbolic bondage. She completed her
preparation of my genitals by hanging another cut glass pendant from the
piercing immediately behind my fat, swollen cock head. I was filled with
deliciously submissive sensations, that were only enhanced when sow drove a
dildo deeply into my tight arsehole, and connected its strap between my legs,
trapping the long plastic prick in my arsehole. I inspected my bizarrely adorned
body, and shivered with erotic delight at the bizarre picture it presented. My
legs encased in thin, sensuous, latex stockings with their sexy garters, my
stiff little nipples accentuated by the circles of material surrounding them,
and sexily decorated with the titillating pendants, and most of all, the
completely wanton fashion in which my balls, and aroused cock were exhibited.

I brushed out sow's long blonde hair until it shone lustrously, and then tied it
into a pony tail at the very top of her head. I then worked a tight latex rubber
full head discipline helmet over her head. The helmet had a small opening at its
apex through which I drew her long pony tail. I adjusted the edges of the fine
latex covering around her beautiful face until it was the only part of her head
that was visible. When I was satisfied sow's head and most of her neck was
completely covered in scarlet latex, with only her facial features bare. The
effect was electrifying. She looked utterly erotic, and submissively bizarre.

Sow repeated the favour and soon my head was enclosed in its scarlet latex
envelope, and my long hair hung down from its pony tail. Sow then sat me down,
insisting that she was going to attend to my make-up first. First she applied a
layer of foundation make-up all over my face, transforming its skin into a
smooth white state. She then applied a light dusting of rouge to my cheek bones,
accentuated them beautifully. Sow then went to work on my eyes. A heavy dusting
of black eye shadow was applied to my eyelids and then starkly outlined in
silver, then my eye lashes were treated to a rich coating of mascara, and
finally my eyebrows were carefully plucked and shaped with eyebrow pencil.

Sow then finished off her job by painting my lips with shocking pink lip gloss
which she outlined in glossy black. She spent an indeterminate amount of time
touching my face up, wanting the make-up job to be perfect in every respect.
Only when she was finally satisfied, did she allow me to inspect her work. I
looked at my face in the mirror with waves of erotic excitement causing my heart
to pound. The clever vixen had transformed my male features completely. My face
now looked like that of an attractive woman, in fact, I suspect anyone seeing my
face only, would swear that I was a girl, albeit a wanton slut of a one, such
was the heavy, whorish nature of the make over.

Sow then took my place on the chair, and I went to work on her lovely face. We
were both quite expert in applying cosmetics, a result of the training of our
previous owners who both insisted that our appearances should not only clearly
represent our status as sex slaves, but also to be technically perfect. One of
my duties to my old Mistress was also, of course, to perform as her personal
beautition. By the time I had finished with sow's face, it was made up
identically to my own. We both looked at ourselves in the mirror, and sow, ever
the mocker, petulantly complained that I looked like a sexier girl than she did.

We painted each others fingernails with scarlet polish to complete our cosmetic
jobs and then strapped each others almost impossibly high heeled pumps on. We
spent almost all of the next half an hour teetering around in the bizarre shoes,
until we were at least able to move at a reasonable pace without falling flat on
our faces. I didn't want it to take forever for us to walk to the club, so we
practiced diligently. It was, of course, really a refresher course in walking in
ridiculously high heels for us, both having had to move about in such footwear
almost constantly in our earlier captivity.

We were now ready for our cataclysmic encounter. I looked at the clock and found
that we still had three hours to kill before it would be time to leave for the
club. Having taken so much care with our preparations, we were loath to do
anything to spoil our appearance, so we were in for a few hours of boredom. Sow
wanted us to go into town to show ourselves off, but I reminded her that we
would certainly be arrested if seen in the street looking like we did, so we
settled for ordering a room service meal.

I insisted that sow don her neck to ankle cloak when a knock on the door
heralded the arrival of our food. I hid in the bathroom while she took care of
the delivery boy. I tried to explain to her that I had only hidden as a
precautionary measure, but she insisted, in her normal teasing fashion, that I
hid because I was embarrassed by my bizarre appearance. We took our time over
our meal, and ate every last scrap of food, essentially because we could not be
sure how long it may be before we were able to eat again, especially if
everything went as planned.

After we finished our meal we only had an hour to kill, and sow tried to cajole
me into having us leave early so that we could parade up and down the street,
and send everyone mad with jealousy of our sexy attire. I laughed as I pointed
out to sow that our cloaks were going to hide our lewdly decorated bodies while
we walked to the club, so we had nothing to gain, and, on a more serious note, a
lot to lose if anything happened to us that might spoil our careful
preparations, and therefore, perhaps, jeapodise our chances of being picked out
by the mysterious Master. Sow had to fight against her immediate need to satisfy
her strong exhibitionist tendencies, and the longer term longing for us to find
someone to cater to our craving for sexual servitude, and, of course, the
strong, new urges we both had to satisfy our burgeoning masochistic leanings.
Fortunately the latter won out, and she at least paid lip service to patience.

Finally, it was time to leave. Sow took the pair of cuffs she had so wantonly
had us obtain, and locked one onto her wright wrist. She then locked the other
onto my left, secreting the key in the velour tube that captured the base of her
left tit, saying in all seriousness, "This, darling piglet, should make anyone
who shows an interest in us that we come as a pair". I'm sure both our hearts
pounded with the same intensity, a mixture of fear, anticipation, and longing as
we prepared to leave. I took enough money from my wallet to cover the entrance
fee to the club, then took a little more in case the costs had risen following
the renovations. Better to be safe than sorry. We left everything else in our
room as it should be if we planned to return, which, of course, we might well
have had to, if things didn't pan out as hoped. We donned our volumous cloaks,
and ventured forth with hopeful expectations.

We walked, painfully slowly at first on our ridiculously high heeled shoes, but
increasing our pace as we grew more and more accustomed to the awkwardness. When
we reached a small bridge over a stream sow stopped us. She reached into her
cloak and retrieved the key to our cuffs, and threw it into the swirling waters.
I commented with mock sarcasm, "I suppose a bridge is an appropriate place to
burn your bridges." Sow made a face at me, then made her usual cantankerous
rejoinder, "You're never getting rid of my now, are you, little piglet?" We went
on our way. It took us a good half an hour to reach the club, and I was relieved
to find that it had re-opened as promised. It would have ben just too much if
the renovations had taken longer than expected, and we had had to return to out
motel, having wasted our preparations. Sow, I suspect, would not have been so
downhearted, after all, it would have meant the bolt cutters for our cuffs, and
that would have meant getting another pair, wouldn't it?

It was just as well that I took the precaution of bringing extra cash for the
price of entry had indeed gone up, the excuse for the rise being the added
attractions the renovated establishment now offered. "Even heavier", was the
comment of the thug guarding the door who took our money. The effect of our
costumes, even when almost completely hidden from view, was obvious on his face,
and in his reaction, "You two girls are going to just love it inside, especially
if you're as submissive as those getups promise." I blushed in embarrassment,
the man had taken me for a female without a second thought, the delicious
sensation of humiliation that coursed through me was just like that I had always
experienced when my former Mistress had made me into a girl, for my erotic
shame, and her own pleasure in having forced me to do it.

I was looking around for a place to stow our cloaks when sow tugged excitedly at
my arm, and pointed out an large notice board to me. It announced that one of
the attractions for the night was to be a fashion parade for submissive
costuming, "Let's enter that, darling piglet," She cried in a voice laced with
excitement, "It'll be a delicious way for us to show off our gorgeously sexy
uniforms." I flushed with delightful shame at this obviously humiliating
suggestion. I had hoped to have the opportunity to show off my bizarre attire in
a slightly less public, and attention drawing fashion. It is true that I was
slowly getting back into the habit of subjecting myself to erotic humiliation,
but it had been so long since this style of wanton degradation had been a way of
life to me, that I still harboured a superficial resistance to letting myself
go, uninhibitedly, in such shaming fashion.

Not so, the delicious sow. She was an unabashed, and consummate exhibitionist,
and simply adored flaunting her voluptuous charms whenever she got the
opportunity. It is also fair to point out that sow, as a beautiful girl, found
it easy to parade her sensuous charms adorned in bizarre, but feminine finery
while I, a male, found that wearing so obviously feminine attire brought its own
special brand of embarrassment, something she had never experienced. I had
always been jealous of women in this respect. It seems that society had granted
the female exclusive rights to the sexiest, and most erotic means of decorating
their bodies, while condemning the male to the mundane and functional. That is
why, I suppose, I had always harboured a particular delight in being forced to
display my body in erotic feminine finery.

Sow, taking the lead now, had soon located the person in charge of the parade.
The leather clad woman proved reluctant to sow's request, stating that the card
for the parade was already full. She had reckoned without sow's persistence
however, and was subjected to one of the lewd little slut's best performances of
wheedling and pleading. Eventually the exasperated woman gave in, but warned sow
that she would whip our arses most cruelly if we were not up to the standard she
expected, in either the nature of our attire, or in the submissive manner with
which we displayed it.

Sow returned her attention to me, a look of superior triumph on her face, as if
to say, I told you so. I, in the meantime had been scanning the establishment
for a space for us, and had found an empty love seat quite close to the stage.
We quickly moved over to this seat, before anyone else could take it. I noted
that our strange appearance was attracting plenty of attention from some of the
other patrons, and smiled to myself while speculating at what their reactions
may have been had they been able to see us without our cloaks.

Almost as soon as we were comfortably seated, the first showing of the parade of
slaves was announced. The first slave to show off his stuff was a male modelling
the latest in cock and ball sheaths. The young male was entirely nude, and his
arms were held behind his back, captured in an arm binder laced from armpits to
finger tips. In his smoothly shaven crotch his cock and balls were completely
encased in shiny black leather. His prick was obviously in full erection. Its
entire length was enclosed in its sheath, including the bulging head. The
leather was obviously thin and supple, and fitted him like a second skin. The
tiny laces cris crossing the length of it adding to the visually erotic design
of the sheath. The male's balls were also laced tightly into a small leather
pouch, and bulged sexily at the base of his erection. The young man pranced back
and forth across the stage, undulating his hips like a seasoned stripper, and
thrusting his leather enclosed cock and balls at the watching audience, while a
popular song was played on the clubs sound system.

This man left the stage at the end of the song to a smattering of applause. He
was followed by three female performers who modelled a variety of submissively
erotic attire, with varying levels of sensual expertise. It was all really quite
tame, I thought, and from the look on sweet sow's beautiful face, I could tell
that she felt the same. During a short break in the parade I took the
opportunity to scan the rest of the room. I noted that the negro couple were in
attendance. The huge black woman had a naked, white, male slave kneeling before
her, his bare bottom cheeks raised high, and swaying lewdly. She was idle
slapping the waving cheeks with a leather strap every few moments, and their
skin had already taken on a slightly rosy hue. Her partner merely sat in a chair
next to her, sipping on a drink.

Some other dominant patrons were subjecting naked, or near naked slaves to a
variety of relatively mild punishments. Obviously, this early into the night the
players were just warming up, and it seemed that none of the ornate, and quite
intricately designed bondage apparatus were as yet being used. Certainly none of
the quite cruel punishment instruments were in use as yet. I also noted, with
some disappointment, that the weird Master had not made an appearance as yet.

The first performance, after the parade of slaves resumed, happened to be the
negro Master's personal slave girl. She pranced onto the stage to the music of a
suggestive song. She wore a body harness of scarlet leather straps that only
served to enhance her nudity, presenting her fat tits in lewdly, squeezing their
bases so that they swelled and bounced sensuously, and framing her smooth
skinned mound sexily, highlighting her Master's recently applied brand. The sexy
little slave pranced and frolicked back and forth, shaking her tits and rotating
her plump bottom erotically, and making a show of flaunting her branded sex
mound at the watchers. Her performance was met with slightly more enthusiastic
applause from the audience, when the music finally heralded the completion of
her performance.

The next three acts were all male slaves modelling a variety of cock presenting
and accentuating items. I was quite shocked to see that none of the slave's
sported a stiff cock during his act. I could not understand how a male slave
could bear to flaunt himself before his superiors with a limp prick. To me it
was disgustingly disrespectful to dominants when a male slave did not show his
excitement, and gratitude at being in their presence, by displaying a stiff
prick, not only to display clear evidence of this, but also purely for their
visual entertainment. I was beginning to wonder about this so called "heavy
club".

At the end of this trio of acts it was announced that there would be another
short break, and then the final two acts of the parade would be staged. It was
obvious that sow was disappointed by the tame nature of the displays put on to
date, not to mention yet another delay before we were to be given our
opportunity to entertain. She was of the same opinion as I about the slovenly
performance of most of the slaves who had performed to this time. She said to me
that we had better be prepared to add some submissive class to proceedings, or
the dominants would not be getting anything like their moneys worth. I could but
agree.

The penultimate act began. I was both surprised, and shocked to see that it
featured the transsexual from the Bondage Cafe. I had obviously assumed that the
deliciously erotic creature with the mouth wateringly beautiful cock and balls
was a dominant. He/she had certainly played that role at the bizarre cafe. The
recognition that I had served so submissively and intimately, another slave,
caused me to shiver with delicious mortification. The gorgeous sexual animal was
dressed in one of the sexiest, and most erotic costumes of silk and lace that I
could ever remember having seen. It must have cost a fortune, both to make, and
to adorn with the clusters of gems that decorated its flowing robes.

The front of the costume was split from waist to ankle, revealing the
transsexual's long lovely legs, clad in sheer silk pastel pink hose with scarlet
satin garters. His/her beautiful prick, stiff and erect I'm happy to say, stood
out from a scarlet satin flower arrangement at the centre of which the lovely
balls rested. The perfectly shaped head of the prick had been painted with pale
pink gloss, and looked utterly delicious. From a tiny collar enclosing the cock
stem, just below the painted glans hung numerous glittering gems. The overall
effect was wonderfully erotic, and somehow radiated a special kind of
submissiveness.

The transsexual's torso was fitted with lace trimmed satin that reached right up
to his/her slender neck. Two lace edged cut outs allowed the full, smooth globes
of his/her tits to jut out freely, and clusters of glistening gems hung from her
stiff teats. The gorgeous creature spun around and we saw that his/her body was
covered, from neck to ankle in the same sensual material, except that his/her
pert bottom cheeks protruded, bare and smooth. The lovely transsexual danced and
erotic dance for us, enticingly flaunting his/her incredible sexuality with
obvious pride and lust.

I winced in pain when sow pinched the tip of my prick hard through the material
of my cloak, "I still can't believe you got to suck on that beautiful cock last
night, and I didn't!" She whispered petulantly. Then on a more serious note she
continued, "We're going to have to be at our sluttish, and submissive best to
outshine this performance, little piglet, so you had better get in the mood!" I
didn't need any urging, I can tell you. My blood was racing, and my prick
throbbed with arousal. I was certainly primed to give my best, and most
delightfully submissive all, I was sure.

The applause that met the beautiful transsexual's performance end was easily the
loudest, and lasted the longest so far. My heart began to pound with excitement.
It was now our turn. The announcer slid up behind us and ordered, "Get ready,
sluts, and remember my warning!" She then asked us what music we would like, and
sow answered for us, requesting a sexy number we both knew well. With pulse
racing we stood up and walked to the stairs that led up onto the stage. We
waited in the wings while we were being announced, and then pranced onto the
stage when our music started, and into the spotlight, like two playful little
girls, swishing our long pony tails, and swaying our hips exaggeratedly under
our cloaks.

After having traversed the length of the stage three times in this fashion, to
titillate the interest of the audience, we retreated to its rear, and faced away
from the viewers. We then unclasped our cloaks, and allowed them to slowly, and
teasingly drift down to the floor. At the same time we sexily undulated our bare
bottoms, bending forward to present the smooth cheeks to the audience. Still
erotically waving our bare bottoms we edged our way forward until we were again
nearing the front edge of the stage. "Now!" sow whispered to me.

We turned through one eighty degrees, until we faced the crowd. The sight of our
bizarrely decorated bodies brought gasps of delight from sections of the
audience. We remained stock still for a few bars of the music, and then began to
dance once again. We undulated and ground our hips sensuously, and rutted our
crotches at the viewers with lewd and lascivious abandon. Sow's wantonly
presented pussy flashed at them, and her girl prick was as stiff as steel, with
its pendant swinging alluringly with her sensuous movements.

My rock hard prick swayed erotically, and my bulging balls ached with pleasure.
Sow shook her mountainous tits at the excited gathering. Our heavily made up
faces wore grins of pure lascivious pride as our lecherously gyrating bodies
moved back and forth on the stage in perfect time to the music. At this point my
blood was boiling, and my mind was overcome with the sweet sensations of shame
and sexual humiliation. I was back where I belonged, surrendering my sexuality
to others like the wanton whore and lewd slut I had always remained. Sow, I'm
sure, felt exactly the same, I knew how she adored debasing her beautiful body
for the pleasure of others. She would be in paradise.

We continued our erotic performance until the music finally stopped. There was
complete silence as we bowed low at the end of our performance, then applause
broke out, and seemed to drown out every other sound around us. The clapping
lasted for what must have been minutes before it began to ebb. Sow and I took
continuous bows, between encore bouts of lascivious gyrating, all the time. When
the applause had finally ended, and i stared out into the club my heart leapt,
and a surge of adrenalin flashed through my veins. The bizarre Master was
standing at the rear of the room gazing intently at us. He was, of course,
flanked by the two leather uniformed men that I had been informed always
attended him.

I was mesmerised, and was only able to tear my eyes away when I felt sow tugging
at my cuffed wrist. I made to go to the back of the stage, so that we could
retrieve our cloaks, but sow would have none of it. Our bizarrely adorned bodies
were exposed now, and they were going to remain so, as far as she was concerned.
I, somewhat reluctantly, acceded to her insistence, and we left the stage and
resumed our seats. Sow reached into my lap and squeezed the stalk of my
throbbing prick, "That was just lovely, piglet, darling," She breathed, "I was
so excited I actually though that I would come. My pussy is as wet as can be,
and my girl prick is so stiff that it is aching with pleasure."

I listened to her erotic chatter for a few seconds and then leant over and
whispered to her, "He's here, darling. No! Don't look around! We don't want to
make him suspicious. Make him aware that we know about him. It might make him
wary of our intentions. Come here, I'll give you a big hug, then you can have a
look at him." I took sow in my arms and, after kissing her lips gently, pulled
her close so that her face could rest on my shoulder. I began to describe the
Master to her so that she could pick him out, but she shushed me, saying she had
easily recognised him from my earlier descriptions. I held her close,
luxuriating at the sensation of her huge tits against my chest.

Sow remained in her position against my body, her fingers still sensually
caressing the hot, hard stalk of my stiff, aching cock. She had obviously found
something of interest going on behind us. I hoped that she was not attempting to
attract the Master's attention too obviously. My own attention was attracted by
renewed activity on the stage. The huge black Master, his fabulous prick
dangling heavily between his massive, leather clad thighs, had mounted the area,
dragging his tiny slave, nude as the day she was born, after him. Three naked
male slaves, all sporting stiff pricks, crawled up after them.

The club announcer's voice sounded over the intercom, "Ladies, gentlemen, and
slaves, you are now going to be treated to a spectacle of punishment, to be
followed by an exhibition of unbridled sexual lust and depravity. The lewd,
personal slut of one of our most popular, and well known Masters, has apparently
spent the last three days begging and pestering him to allow her to be subjected
to the complete sexual experience that is commonly known as `Being taken around
the world' which I'm sure you all realise involves a slut being fucked in all of
her orifices, cunt, arsehole, and, of course, mouth. The Master, having finally
become totally exasperated by the continual wheedling of his slut, agreed to her
lewd plea, with a couple of provisos of his own thrown in. Firstly he has
decreed that she be fucked in all her depraved holes all right, but
simultaneously, not one after the other, as she had hoped, and that she would be
required to do all the work. Before she is granted this privilege she is to
receive a full body whipping from her Master, for annoying him so impudently,
and so persistently."

The sound system fell silent, its noise being replaced with a growing buzz of
excitement from the gathered crowd. Sow struggled softly in my arms, trying to
turn her body around so that she could see the goings on, on the stage. It was
obviously going to be more entertaining than anything she had been watching
behind us. I loosened my hold on her, and allowed her to settle in close to me,
one of her soft warm thighs crossing one of mine. Her hand did not break contact
with my prick, however, despite her movements. I allowed one hand to drop into
the juncture of her splayed thighs, and tenderly petted the tip of her rock hard
girl prick, but not erotically enough to risk bringing her to orgasm. We had
pledged, after our last bout of sexual gymnastics in the motel room, that we
would not climax through our own free will until we were taken in hand by
dominants unless, of course, we were unlucky enough not to be taken in hand on
this night.

The tiny slave on the stage had her lovely nudity strapped to an adjustable
bondage rack. The design of the rack was such that her body would be presented,
defenceless and vulnerable in a number of different postures that would allow
each of the sensitive parts of her anatomy to be punished in turn. The first
posture she was placed in presented her shapely bottom to her punisher, its
lovely cheeks split wide, baring the intimate hole of her cute arse ring. The
magnificent negro Master took up a long thin cane. He wasted no time in
delivering ten stinging strokes to the perfect cheeks of the slave's arse,
causing her to shriek shrilly with hurt.

He threw down the vicious cane, and patted the well striped arse cheeks lovingly
with one hand while retrieving a supple jockey's whip with the other. Ten
savagely dealt out strokes cracked into the chasm between those heavily striped
bottom slabs, eliciting fresh squeals of pain from the suffering slave. The
brutal strokes were delivered with extreme precision, ensuring that the whip's
lash sliced into the slave's anal ring with each one. This whip was then
discarded, and the sobbing slave's bound body re-positioned, so that her soft,
plump tits drooped out at waist level to her cruel owner.

The Master took possession of a paddle of the same type the club doorman had
used on sow's bottom the night before. He was soon busy battering his slave's
defencelessly hanging tits with the paddle. His torment of the soft, fleshy
globes caused then to dance around on her slender torso, and to redden markedly.
While her lovely tits were pounded the slave moaned in pain, and tears began to
course down her cheeks. A close look at her eyes, however, clearly showed that
she was adoring her suffering, they literally shone with delight. The Master
finally tired of thrashing his slut's burning udders, and her posture was again
changed.

This time her cruelly splayed crotch was presented for torment, the bald mound,
adorned with its spectacular brand, the spread open lips of her delicious young
pussy, the already dripping meat of the mouth of her cuntal tube, and, of
course, the tiny stalk of her stiff, throbbing girl prick, all open and totally
unprotected against the punishment about to be meted out to them. The cruel
Master took up a heavy leather strap first, and delivered a dozen stinging blows
with it to her branded mound. The suffering slave girl wailed in pure anguish at
the sheer intensity of her pain. But it was only just beginning.

Next the huge negro took hold of a wider, but equally heavily constructed strap.
He used this to pound the swollen cunt lips of his young slave, bruising her
sensitive and delicate flesh horrifically while he obviously enjoyed her
piercing shrieks of pain and misery. He threw down the strap and took up a final
implement of punishment, a long leather coated rod, with a snappy, six inch lash
at its tip. He grinned cruelly at his pain soaked slut, then brought the evil
whip lash down slicing its brutal lash deeply into the meat of her split open
sex gash. The wounded slave howled in agony.

The sadistic Master slashed his slave's gaping slit over and over. And her howls
of unadulterated agony reverberated around the otherwise silent club. By the
time he was finished the lash of his whip was soaked with the spicy juices of
the slut's drooling cuntal swamp. Her smooth mound was red in colour, her plump,
juicy twat flaps swollen and bruised, and the meat of her pain soaked trench
almost scarlet in colour, and despite the agony that had been so ruthlessly
inflicted on its delicate flesh, absolutely dripped with a flood of sexual
liquids.

While the savagely punished slave girl's chest heaved with racking sobs, and
rivers of tears of joy ran down her cheeks, the announcer reminded the audience
that the event still had a way to go, "Well, friends, I'll bet that has warmed
the wilful little slut up. Now let's see how enthusiastically she goes about
enjoying her depraved fucking!" A low slung, leather padded bench was dragged
into the centre of the stage. One of the male slaves then lay on his back on it,
and spread his thighs so that another of the slaves could kneel between his
legs. When in position the long, thick, stiff cocks of the two slaves arched out
from their shorn crotches closely enough together for the slut to accommodate
both at the same time in her wanton cunt and arse pits.

The third male slave stood at the other end of the bench, his rock hard prick
thrusting out from his groin sexily. While these preparations were taking place
the little slave girl performed for the audience. She stood facing outwards, her
hands clasped behind her head, and rolled her shoulders shaking her well
punished tits sensuously while, at the same time, undulating and rutting her
brutally whipped cunt at us in a display of sheer erotic depravity. She
obviously adored her status as a slut and slave, and was clearly a consummate
masochist. The flow of tears had stopped completely, and the lascivious little
harlot smiled lecherously at us, while flaunting her brutally punished sexuality
in utter, wanton licentiousness, and obvious lust crazed delight.

With a final flourish, for the benefit of the audience once all was in
readiness, the deliciously submissive little slut knelt and kissed the tip of
her owner's superb cock as a sign of her subservience, then expressed her
gratitude for the cruelty of her recent punishment, and her absolute delight at
being permitted to demonstrate the depths of her depravity before such a large
and distinguished audience. During the slave girl's punishment I had had to pry
sow's fingers from my throbbing prick. She had become so engrossed, and excited,
by the performance that she had lost control of her own hand, and threatened to
masturbate me to climax. Now she reached back down to my arching cock, and began
to erotically caress it once again, in time with the sensual frigging I
continued to subject her stiff girl prick to.

With a radiant look of sublime happiness on her face the tiny slave girl
straddled the belly of the prone male slave, and positioned her bottom near to
the two pricks that waited to be served by her. She reached back to the prone
slave's cock first, and carefully wedged its thick head into the gaping mouth of
her slick pussy. Then she positioned the blunt head of the kneeling slave's cock
against the tight ring of her arsehole. With a sigh of utter joy she threw her
hips back, and the entire lengths of both pricks disappeared into her welcoming
holes, to the very hilt. She then leant forward, and swallowed the remaining
prick into her mouth, right down to its thick root.

"Oh, darling piglet, I wish it were me up there! How utterly delighted that
little whore must feel, to be assaulted by so much gorgeous stiff cock!" Sow
whispered excitedly while we watched the lewd harlot go to work. She swung her
hips and rolled her skewered arse like the bitch in heat that she was. Her
throat gulped at the prick buried in it like a starving waif. Her plump reddish,
abused tits were soon flying around on her slender torso as she contrived to
fuck her brains out on the stiff cocks she serviced so lecherously. We watched
in awe at the hard cocks flashing in and out of her holes, and could only
imagine the levels of lust she was experiencing.

Soon we could almost hear the sweating slave girl's muffled squeals of ecstasy
as she began to climax for the first time. Her whole body seemed to shudder with
pleasure while orgasm after orgasm shook her to her very core. The insatiable
little harlot, despite the intensity of her exploding pleasure did not, even for
a second, slow down the pace with which she fucked the cocks her Master had
granted her. I wondered how the male slaves managed to stop themselves from
joining the whore in orgasm. I suppose they had been instructed to let her have
her fill before flooding her holes of wanton perversity with their creamy prick
juice.

In any event I'm sure that the lascivious little slut came at least ten times
before her partners in depravity finally surrendered to the exquisite sensations
of her wanton sex holes. The male she was using to rape her mouth was the first
to surrender his load. The slave girl, by this time almost exhausted by sexual
excess, never the less still retained enough control over her wanton depravity
to tear her mouth from the throbbing prick an instant before it exploded, and we
were treated to the licentious sight of jet after jet of thick white cream
spurting from its tip, straight into the gaping mouth of the ecstatic harlot.

As soon as the spurts ceased the whore dove down on the wilting prick with her
mouth once again, and we could see her maw working at draining every drop from
the spent stalk, her fingers wildly squeezing the ever slackening balls hanging
from it root in her endeavours to do so. Almost simultaneously the two other
pricks erupted into her cunt and arse holes, and her still wildly rutting arse
slabs increased their lewd gyrations as soon as she felt the boiling juices
spurting into her. Her lascivious holes milked each prick incessantly, until it
had no more to give, then, and only then, did the slave girl allow her sweating
nudity to collapse, in totally sated exhaustion, onto the chest of the male
lying below her.

Applause rippled around the room for a few moments, and then the lights over the
stage dimmed, and the ones in the viewing area came up. Over the next couple of
hours other exhibitions were staged, either of punishment, or pure sexual
depravity. Some were interesting and some less so. Quite often what went on
among the crowd was as stimulating as the action on the stage.

The longer we waited without contact from the Master, the more anxious I became.
My state of mind was not helped by sow's increasing exasperation with me because
I deflected the attentions of a number of slaves who wanted to play with us, not
to mention a few dominants who expressed an interest in using us for their
pleasure and entertainment. But I didn't want to risk the Master deciding not to
approach us because we were otherwise engaged. He was still in the club, hidden
with his two cohorts in the shadows in the rear.

As it happened I was right to spurn all others in the place, for we learnt later
that the Master was careful not to take slaves who appeared to either have
existing dominants with them, or who appeared to popular with the general
population. Disappearances could attract too much attention if too many people
asked questions that could not be reasonably explained away. This, of course,
was of no consolation to the frustrated sow who made no bones about the fact
that if we were not taken that night, I was going to suffer, and the cock
whipping she had administered that night in our mountain retreat would appear
like a walk in the park in contrast.

It all happened quite suddenly. I felt a hand on my shoulder, and turned my
head, prepared to deflect yet another unwanted piece of attention, and my heart
leapt into my mouth. Standing there was one of the mysterious Masters acolytes.
He stared down at me, while I nudged sow insistently, with a cruel, yet mildly
arousing smile playing around his lips. "You look like a couple who might enjoy
a private party!" He stated. We both gazed up at him, our mouths gaping and our
pulses racing, we nodded our agreement, not trusting our voices. "Mind you," He
continued, "What we have in mind is much heavier action than your ever likely to
see here, and you two would be the main attraction. Are you sure, because
there's no turning back once you commit?"

We almost fell over ourselves getting out of our love seat and falling to our
knees before the commanding leather clad man. Our naked arses were soon up in
the air, waving lewdly, and our lips were glued to the toes of his highly
polished boots in a display of servile submission. The man gave a derisive
chuckle, and the next thing I knew his foot was on my neck, pinning me to the
floor while he grabbed my hands and cuffed them behind my back with steel
handcuffs. Having finished with me the dominant allowed me resume kissing his
boot while he repeated the same demeaning process with the beautiful sow.

He then commanded us to kneel up straight. I saw that he held two leashes, about
three feet long, and with cruel looking clamps on the ends that would have
obviously be attached to us. With a cruel smile he leant down and snapped the
clamp of one of the leashes onto the swollen tip of my aching erect, and wildly
throbbing prick. A shrill squeal of hurt escaped my gaping mouth before I could
suppress it when the stinging bite of the clamp hit me. The commanding male gave
me a frown of pure anger so intense that it terrified me. But it also had the
desired effect, and I was stunned to silence, despite the intensity of my heart.

He then leant down to sow and clamped her leash to one of her fat cunt lips. Sow
barely made a sound when the hurt this caused assailed her. "You are permitted
to demonstrate your slavish surrender to all who may deign to notice as we
leave, my pets." The leather clad dominant sneered, and then turned his back to
us. My heart pounded with excitement and delightful humiliation when I saw that
his muscular bottom cheeks were bare, and hung out of his skin tight leather
pant cut outs like pale moons of dominant flesh. Both sow and myself shuffled
closer to the dominant, and began to kiss the warm flesh of his bare bottom
slabs with servile devotion.

Our dominator slowly moved off, tugging at our leashes, not so much to urge us
along, but rather to torment us with renewed hurt. We shuffled along behind him
on our knees as best we could. By this time our soft submissive tongues were
sensuously lapping at his smooth skinned arse slabs. Rather than head straight
for the door of the club our dominator took the most circuitous route available,
even going back over already crossed space, ensuring that our humiliation was
complete, and our total surrender clear for all the club's patrons to see.

Eventually we reached the door. I thought that the man would let us up at this
time, but, of course, I was wrong. We continued out onto the crowded street in
this dreadfully humiliating fashion. My cheeks burned with shame, as I was sure
that sow's would be too. Fortunately we were led to a luxurious black limousine
that was parked almost right in front of the club. If we thought we were to ride
in the cabin of the big car we were to be disappointed. The leather clad
dominant popped the lid of the boot, unleashed us, and ordered us to climb in.

We awkwardly got to our feet, given that our hands were cuffed behind our backs.
I blushed furiously when I realised that a crowd had gathered around to watch
proceedings. Sow sort of fell into the cavernous pit of the boot, and I
followed, my rolling body coming to rest with my face pressed up against one of
her bulging tits. The lid of the boot slammed shut plunging us into complete
darkness. The boot appeared to be lined completely in soft rubber, so we were
relatively comfortable, and soon became aware of movement when the car was
driven off.

I explored the soft skin of sow's tit with my lips, until I had found its stiff
nipple, then I drew the hard teat in and suckled it tenderly. Our breathing
still betrayed our excitement, and terror, at what might lie ahead for us. "Are
you scared, darling piglet?" sow whispered, obvious trepidation in her quiet
voice. I though about whether I should try to calm her, or admit that my own
fear was every bit as great as hers. I decided on the later. It didn't matter
any more anyhow, so I admitted to being terrified that we may have got ourselves
into a bad situation from which escape might prove impossible.

We conversed quietly the whole way through the trip, that must have lasted well
over an hour. We agreed that we had made our beds, and now we must lie in them.
After all we had planned on being taken, and now we had been, and had no one to
blame but ourselves, and our insatiable craving for submission. This did
nothing, of course, to allay our growing sense of terror. The big car finally
came to a stop. After a few seconds the boot lid swung open, and a curt voice
ordered us to get out. We both clambered out of our confinement, stumbling as we
endeavoured to maintain our balance, given both the ridiculous shoes we wore,
and, of course, the denial of our arms to assist us. Our leashes were again
painfully attached, but this time we were not ordered to crawl behind the
dominator.

We entered what appeared to be a huge mansion from what I could see of it, and
were ushered down a long, plushly carpeted hallway, and into what looked like a
classic drawing room. We were allowed to sit, and looked for a couch capable of
taking us both, for we were still linked by our wrist cuffs. Being unable to
find a suitable seat, we sat down on the carpeted floor next to a big open fire.
The Master then left us alone. About five minutes later two bizarre creatures
entered the room. Each one was dressed from head to toe in close, form fitting
black latex. There were slits for their eyes, and tiny breathing holes over
mouth and nostrils, otherwise each of their bodies were totally covered in the
thin rubber material.

It was impossible to discern what sex the two creatures were. Their were
prominent bulges on their chests, suggesting pairs of sizeable tits, but each
also sported what appeared to be a very real, erect cock, with a set of bulging
balls at its root, sprouting out from their crotches. Both carried some small
straps, and what appeared to be a gag. They approached, and we submissively
scrambled up onto our knees as they neared us. The creature attending to me
grasped my neck and drove its rubber coated prick into my gaping mouth, and down
my gulping throat. I saw that the one looking after sow did the same to her.

I sucked wildly on the long, thick prick invading my gullet, and surmised that
it was real enough. While I eagerly sucked the creature reached down and
efficiently un-cuffed my wrists. He, or was it she, then used a strap to tape my
hands together behind my back again. Another strap was tied around my elbows,
and buckled so tightly that my elbows actually touched behind my back. I noted
that sow had been bound in identical fashion. Having finished immobilising our
arms the two remained standing in front of us, and allowed us to suck on their
pricks until they came, or at least we thought they had climaxed. We couldn't be
sure of this because their rubber sheaths did not allow any resulting juices to
escape. One of them removed the cuffs joining us with a pair of wire cutters. So
much for sow throwing away the key. We were then prodded into position, on our
knees, before a large arm chair.

Just before the two rubber clothed figures left they gagged us with short,
stumpy, rubber cock shaped gags. After the short, thick cocks had been thrust
into our mouths, the heavy, obviously liquid filled balls attached to their
bases rested against our chins. A quick suck on the gag in my mouth revealed,
however, that the liquid was not for consumption, at least not yet. The two
bizarre creatures then left us alone once again. I glanced over to sow and saw a
look of submissive delight lighting up her eyes. The cruel bondage her arms and
wrists had been placed in caused the massive mounds of her erotically adorned
tits to thrust out beautifully.

About ten minutes later the strange Master entered the room, still dressed as he
had been at the club. He walked over to where we knelt, and seated himself in
the arm chair in front of us. I noted that the top fronts of his thighs betrayed
large bulges under his all enclosing cloak. I thought I had discovered why he
dressed as he did, he was somehow deformed, and was embarrassed at having people
see this deformity. I was to find out later just how right I was. We stared up,
in awe, at the pale features of the mysterious male. I had never seen a face so
pale, almost chalky white, before. It reminded me of how vampires were portrayed
in movies.

The Master inspected us for a few minutes in complete silence, then he began to
talk, his voice dripping such power and superiority that the mere sound of it
made me shiver with excited dread:

"So, my pretties, we have finally come to this. Although you don't realise it, I
have had you two under serious observation for longer than you realise, long
before your Master and Mistress disowned you. I am Overlord Sextius, Lord over
the slaves of the mystical Kingdom of the Gods. As part of my role I obtain
suitable slaves to serve in that realm, and you two, should you agree, are to be
the final pair we desire. Your surrender will only be accepted if it is made
willingly, and without reservation. We only take slaves who embrace their
submission utterly, with no thought of ever rising above their slave status. I
will be informing you of the more extreme facets of life as slaves of the realm.
At any time either of you feel that what is being described is beyond your
desire, or capacity to fulfil, you may signify in the negative. Unfortunately
for you, as individuals, a negative signal by either of you will preclude the
other as well, for we only require you if you submit as a pair. If you decide
that you are not worthy of becoming slaves of the realm you will be returned to
Natchez, and freed. We would, however, keep our promise of a party for you
before we return you. You will be given to our staff, two of whom you have
already seen, as playthings for two days. Now I shall outline the conditions I
alluded to earlier. Do you understand all that I have said?"

Ours heads kept nodding up and down with ever increasing vigour. My heart was
racing with elation. It appeared that what this enigmatic Master was offering
was exactly what we had dreamed about, and longed for. I was sure that the
lovely sow's excitement would be matching my own. All that remained was to hear
the details, and I knew that it would take something utterly dreadful to elicit
even a remote chance of a negative response from either of us. The Master smiled
knowingly, as if he could actually read our thoughts, down at us, and began:

"In the first place, if you agree to surrender, that surrender is total, and
ever lasting. Your main reason for existence in the realm will be to provide
sexual service to both overseers and slaves, regardless of gender, or sexual
orientation. This duty will account for up to 90% of your active time. The
remaining time will see you either putting on sexual exhibitions with each
other, of exquisite, and prolonged depravity for the entertainment of the Gods,
or being used in brutal, and fierce punishment presentations, again for the
express purpose of amusing them. Every waking hour will be spent thus. The realm
now possesses six hundred slaves, and it is an unalterable decree, that each
slave be sexually serviced at least once each day. Every method of pleasuring a
person sexually, imaginable, are to be utilised. Sexual gratification, and
brutal punishment are the sole rewards granted slaves for their untiring, and
utterly devoted service."

With each statement of intent, our heads continued nodding exuberantly, in the
affirmative. So ardent was my acceptance, that my neck was actually beginning to
ache with the effort it took. The Master continued:

"Your surrender will be for ever, no escape, or release, from your captivity can
ever be contemplated, under any circumstances. Your bodies, despite their
current sexual perfection, will be physically enhanced, to add to their allure,
and their sexual capacities. The minor enhancements will be undertaken here, and
the rest on your arrival in the realm. Other, even more amazing aspects of the
realm, and the life you will lead there, will be revealed only after you are,
irretrievably, in our keeping."

By this time my prick was pulsing with excitement, and I'm sure, had I been able
to see it, sow's pussy would be literally drooling, if the stiffness of her
swollen teats was any guide. A black rubber clad figure entered the room and
offered the seated Master a silver goblet, brimming with wine. The commanding
dominator took the goblet, and dismissed the servant with a wave of his hand.
"I'm so glad you two little sluts are so eager to surrender," he said with a
smile, "But are you sure, beyond any doubt. This is your last chance to
reconsider, my lascivious little pets?" Our silent replies were immediate, and
enthusiastic.

"Well, let us toast the future then." He said, leaning forward, and extracting
two tiny, pin like objects, from the tops of the rubber balls that rested so
degradingly, and heavily against our chins. The Master raised his goblet, and
sipped at his wine. I began to suck on my gag, and was rewarded with a flood of
delicious fluid. I did not know what it was, but some of the flavours of the
blend were unmistakable, rich, musky prick juice, and spicy, tart cunt cream. I
swallowed the heady mixture with delight, drinking it down until there was none
left to be sucked from the balls.

Sow's head was waving about weirdly, in an endeavour to communicate with the
Master. I wondered what she had on her mind, but would have bet my submission,
that it was that we be given to the staff to play with any way, before we were
taken to the realm. It was then that I got my first inkling of the strange,
supernatural environment that we were about to enter. The Master smiled down at
sow, then reached down and squeezed the balls on her chin, forcing the last
dregs of the raunchy liquid they had held into her gulping mouth, "You are just
perfect, my submissive little pet. But I'm afraid there is no time available for
your wishes to be met. I'm sure that the staff will be as disappointed as you
when they find out, that I will no longer be able to let them play with you.
Time will now be of the essence, for we must not risk missing the annual window
of opportunity to absorb you into the realm.  Now, my pretty little slaves, look
deeply into your Master's eyes."

The Master had read sow's mind, my pulse raced with the awful realisation that
even our most private thoughts and desires were no longer our own preserve. Our
new Master would know everything, at all times, if he so desired. A level of
submission such as this had never even entered my mind. This Master was not only
enslaving our bodies, but also our very souls. My heart was overcome with a joy
that I had never experienced before. I gazed up at his weirdly beatific face,
and immediately began to lose consciousness. It was not like he was hypnotising
me, rather that he was taking over my mind completely. It was with this thought
hitting me, that I slipped into oblivion.




Chapter 8 - Captured

When I regained consciousness I found myself in a white room, walls, ceiling and
floor, all piercingly white. I had been stripped entirely nude, and was strapped
to a long trestle, unable to move. My throat felt slightly sore, and when I
opened my mouth to exercise it I was horrified to find that my tongue had
seemingly grown longer, and lolled out of my mouth grotesquely, without any
conscious effort on my part for it to do so. I swallowed wildly, and finally
managed to get it back into my mouth. It was as if the organ had actually become
unhinged, somehow. It hadn't, of course, only the ligaments at its rear, that
normally kept it in place, had been severed. My mind reeled with the
possibilities. My tongue would now be able to penetrate at least twice as far as
it had been able to before, into whatever orifice it was being used to serve. It
was humiliatingly delightful to dream of such activities, and I could not wait
to try it out on a juicy cunt, or hot, humid arsehole.

I noted that sow was strapped to a similar bench next to me. She had not yet
come out of her stupor, but I could see her tongue lolling out of her mouth, and
knew that the same degrading operation had been performed on her. As I regained
more control of my senses I realised that we were both surrounded by busy
figures, all covered with latex, as the servants had been the night before. I
assumed, any how, that only one night had passed while we had been in our
comatose state. I felt a persistent tingling on the skin of my body, where the
figures were busily engaged, and realised it was being caused by tools being
used to permanently remove my body hair.

A few minutes after I had come to, sow also began to stir. When she was in
command of her faculties, and aware of what had been done to her tongue, she
turned her head and gave me a confused, and frightened look. I opened my mouth,
intending to soothe, and reassure her that everything was all right, and got the
shock of my life. I was unable to make a sound. I had been muted, and it both
confused and terrified me. I was frantic with fear. Had I been muted
permanently. It would be terrible not to be able to talk to sow when I was able.
How would we be able to communicate. Verbal self abasement was one of our great
joys. It would be so awful to be denied this.

Suddenly the door to the room opened, and another servant entered, dressed
identically to the others with one small difference. This one had his face mask
open at the mouth, and was able to speak. "I see you're back with us, slaves."
He said, standing over our heads, his stiff, rubber encased cock arching out
from his groin. "You will note that your voices have been taken away. This is
because, while you are with us you will not be required to communicate, you only
need is to obey instructions you are given to the letter. You will also have, no
doubt, noted that your tongues have been modified. This will allow you to use
them in the service of others in much more varied, and skilled ways, which you
will be taught and trained in over the next few days, while every hair on your
bodies, except your heads, is being be permanently removed.

The senior servant then clapped his hands twice, quite loudly. The door again
opened and two completely naked youths entered, and made their way over to us.
The youths were obviously slaves, as their arms and wrists were fastened behind
their backs in the same fashion as ours had been when in the Master's parlour,
after we had first arrived. "Your first lesson will be in the art of bringing a
male to orgasm, solely through the medium of your tongue stimulating his
arsehole."

The servant noted that I was trying to communicate and, guessed, correctly, that
I wanted him to know that we were already considered proficient in that rare,
and demeaning art. The servant, having noted this, continued, "No doubt, you
believe that you don't require further training in this erotic art, but you do,
you see, because, by the time I have finished with you it will take you no
longer than thirty seconds to induce a climax from a male, who has not had
relief for one day, by this perverted method." I flushed with shame, and
wondered how this could be humanly possible. After all, tonguing arsehole was
one of the slowest methods of inducing orgasm that I knew of. Thirty seconds, it
was preposterous. No one could achieve such a result using that technique in
such a short time.

"You will begin training in this art immediately. And you will practice it
during all your waking hours, until you have both reached the proficiency goal I
have set for you." The two youths were then assisted up onto our benches, and
arranged so that our upturned faces slipped in between their young warm arse
cheeks, and our mouths were pressed up against their arse rings. I took a deep
breath, and drilled my tongue into the tight arsehole of the young male I was to
practice on. I was amazed. My tongue had never been able to reach so far into a
humid rectal chute before. And it dawned on me now, how much easier it was going
to be for me to get to the sensitive prostate, and, of course, how much more
sensuously I would be able to tease and massage it once I had located it.

With waves of submissive elation coursing through my veins I went to work. My
agile tongue soon found its waiting target, and began to alternate between
titillating it erotically, and massaging it vigorously. It took me a mere five
minutes to cause the youth's prick to erupt, to the accompaniment of little
shrieks of pleasure. Much to my surprise the slave didn't get move after he had
climaxed, just settled back onto my mouth once his orgasm had run out of steam.
I thrust my tongue back into his warm arse tube, and began the whole process
over again.

While the servants worked incessantly on our backs and legs, we diligently
practiced the depraved art of anilingus, until I thought my tongue would drop
off from sheer over use. The youth came again and again, but with ever
decreasing frequency, as his reserves of sexual energy were slowly but surely
depleted. At the end of the day the senior servant returned, and the youths
finally climbed down from our benches. My long tongue flopped back into my
mouth, and a sense of pure relief came over me.

A couple of servants then spoon fed us a delicious, vegetarian meal. Little did
we know, at the time, that we had eaten our last bite of meat. While we ate our
bodies were massaged expertly, and we relaxed, and enjoyed the sensual,
pleasurable sensations. With our meals, and massages completes, a fresh duo of
young male slaves were summoned, and our level of competency in the art of
anilingus tested. I flushed with delicious shame when the fresh pair of young
male bottom cheeks closed around my face.

I drove my tongue deeply into the youthful slave's tasty arsehole, and with no
teasing or foreplay whatsoever, went to work tongue massaging his writhing
prostate gland. In what to me was an almost unbelievable short time period, the
lad's rigid, throbbing cock spurted. "One minute thirty two, and one minute
thirty five. Acceptable after one day's intensive training." The senior servant
commented. I didn't know who had achieved the quicker time, sow or myself, and I
didn't really care. I was exhausted, and it was taking a supreme effort on my
part, just to keep my eyes open. The servant in charge brought relief flooding
into my brain when he announced that we would now permitted to sleep. I was
almost asleep before the echo of his voice faded away.

Over the next two days the routine was identical. And our progress, as
consummate arse lickers, was tested at the end of each day. It was as if I had
spent my entire life with my tongue buried up a male arse pit by the end of the
third day. Never the less, I still experienced delicious shame when the fleshy
crack between a set of arse slabs pressed up against my cheeks, and my lips
pressed against a musky anal ring. It was not that surprising when after our
final tests, in the art of bringing males off by tonguing their arseholes, we
had both achieved the targets set for us.

On the fourth morning our bodies were turned over, and the four servants that
attended to our depilation went to work on the fronts of our nudity. I was
amazed that it was taking as long to remove sow's hair as it was mine. But then
I realised that women were every bit as hairy as men. It was just that their
covering was much finer, and did not grow any where near as long. The servants
were soon busy, and the tingling sensations that heralded the successful removal
of each hair soon had us reeling with sensations that became increasing
maddening. I began to suspect that our "training" was as much to take our minds
off this, as it was to make us more skilled in the arts of giving sexual
pleasure.

The supervisor, having explained to us that the next skill we were to perfect
was that of masturbating prick to climax utilising our long tongues alone,
clapped his hands, and two naked slave boys mounted our benches, and settled
their slim bottom cheeks down high on our chests. I looked in pleasure at the
beautiful, young prick and inch or two away from my face. It was so clean and
fresh, and as stiff as steel. The mere sight of it caused my mouth to flood with
saliva. The youth changed his position, ever so slightly, and I was able to lift
my head, and furl my incredible tongue around the base of the gorgeous, hot cock
stem.

By moving my head up and down I was able to stroke the stalk, from base to tip,
with tender, erotic sensuality. Such was the length of my tongue, now that it
had been cut, its tip was actually able to touch its root, forming an unbroken
circle of soft flesh, around the pulsing stem of the young prick. Once I was
servicing more mature cocks this, of course would not be possible, but in any
case, I was sure that my tongue would be able to pleasure cocks of all sizes in
this fashion.

I worked tirelessly on the beautiful, fresh, young prick, until it was throbbing
in lust, and its exquisitely shaped tip had flared, and pulsed with the
imminence of orgasm. I renewed my efforts, squeezing the pole with my tongue as
hard as I could, while speeding up the rate at which I stroked it. Suddenly, a
stream of creamy juice exploded from the tip of the jerking prick, followed
quickly by six or seven further eruptions. When his orgasm was over the panting
youth levered himself forward and allowed me to suck his softening prick deeply
into my mouth. I was not only able to squeeze the last dregs of his ball cream
from his stem, but also to tease the spent organ back to stiffness.

I savoured the delicious flavour of fresh young cock cream while I erotically
teased the limp prick. Soon it began to grow and stiffen under my relentless,
lascivious skill. Once the prick stood, hard and proud once more, I returned to
the task of coaxing it to climax again, purely with my amazingly long, and agile
tongue. Sow, of course, was performing a similar service for the naked youth
perched on her chest, his young, slender arse slabs resting on the tops of her
enormous tits.

We got the two young slaves off three times before they were replaced with
slightly older slaves, with correspondingly larger and thicker cocks. We went to
work on these hot, stiff cocks with equal enthusiasm, bringing them off once,
then sucking them back to erection, and then tongue masturbating them to fresh
climaxes. All through the day we practiced this new method of draining prick.
Our concentration never waned, despite the fact that our tongues began to ache
with such relentless use. Pair after pair of male slaves replaced the ones we
exhausted, each pair possessing longer and thicker cocks, until my tongue was no
longer able to completely encircle the hot poles of lust during the
masturbation.

On the second day of depilation of the fronts of our bodies, and when our
crotches were being worked on, we were given our first exposure to female
slaves. Our tongues were required to pleasure the slave girls purely by tonguing
their silky cunt pits. I was amazed out how deeply I was able to now bury my
tongue up a girl's succulent cunt sleave now. I was easily able to tease and
stimulate the slave's cervix, and even to press the tip of my wriggling tongue
through its opening and into her womb. Needless to say, I was able to bring my
slave girl off countless times, and drank down a veritable ocean of spicy pussy
juice.

The slave girls were replaced every now and then, to ensure that our tongues
were presented with fresh cunt to pleasure. Sow was admonished by the supervisor
for allowing her nose to contact her slave's stiff woman cock a few times. It
was re-emphasised to her that tongue in twat sleave was the only contact
allowed. We sucked pussy hole for hour after hour, extracting climax after
climax. I consumed gallons of cunt juice, and savoured every single, luscious
drop. I was in heaven. I was being allowed to do what I was born to do. Pleasure
others with my insatiable mouth and delightfully modified tongue. I didn't care
whether it was cock or cunt that I serviced. I adored each with equal fervour.
My own cock remained stiff almost the whole time, assisting, no doubt, the
servants charged with removing my bush of pubic hair.

Eventually the servants were ready to concentrate their efforts on our upper
bodies, and faces. This, of course, meant that we were unable to continue to
practice giving pleasure with our tongues. Now the "training" moved to my prick,
and in sow's case, her cunt. And, of course, in both our cases, our tight, hot
arse pits. A slave of either sex was summoned by the supervisor of servants. The
female was told to mount me, and take my long stiff prick into her cunt. I
glowed with pleasure when the slave girl's hot, tight cunt tube oozed down over
my standing cock, until its entire length was held in the elastic sex pit's
warm, moist embrace.

"You, slave, will bring this slut off, as often as you can, merely by the
internal movements of your prick. You will note that your arse has been anchored
to the bench. The slut is forbidden to move, therefore all the work is to be
done by you. It is decreed that you shall bring her off in this fashion five
times before the day is out. If you fail to achieve this target within the
normal course of the day, you will remain at work until you do."

The male slave who had been summoned was ordered to sink his long, stiff, hot
cock into sow's waiting twat tube, and then to remain absolutely still while she
brought him off. Sow's voluptuous bottom was also securely anchored to her
bench, precluding and hip movement on her part. The supervisor then gave sow her
instructions:

"You, slut, will exhaust five slave cocks, an exhausted slave cock will have
gushed five times before the day is out. Each slave you exhaust will clean your
cunt pit out before he is replaced. It is known that a well trained cunt pit has
a distinct advantage over a prick, in this type of exercise, hence the increased
amounts of orgasms for you to cause, over those required of your slave mate. The
same penalty will apply to you for non achievement."

The supervisor then left us to our tasks. The depiliators worked constantly on
our upper bodies, chest, under arms, and, of course, our faces. The tingling of
their electrical tools keeping us constantly aware of their presence. I went to
work, my concentration so intense that I almost forgot about the four servants
working on my skin all together. I managed to get my cock pulsing and jerking
rhythmically in the depths of the silky cunt tube that clasped it so warmly, and
had its big head flaring and receding in perfect time with the controlled
pulsations.

Small sounds coming from beside me alerted me to the fact that sow had already
coaxed the first orgasm from the cock buried up her convulsing cunt pit. But, I
must admit, my concentration on my own task was so intense that the only time
after that first occasion that I even noticed what sow was doing was when she
had exhausted one of her slave lovers, and the sounds of enthusiastic sucking
signalled that the sated slave was emptying his cream from her twat with an
eager mouth. I managed to get the slave girl off for the first time, not too
long after sow had exhausted her first slave, and a sense of pride washed over
me while the slave girl's convulsing pussy surrendered its richly scented,
creamy juices.

Strangely enough, it became easier for me after the slave climaxed that first
time. I suppose that once a female slut is aroused, it is easier to keep her
stimulated after orgasm, than it is to do the same with a male. Anyhow, by the
time the supervisor returned that evening it was not I, that was required to
work overtime, it was sow, who still needed to bring her last male slave off
twice before her target was reached. I glowed with pride when my slave girl
reported that she had come seven times during the allotted time.

We were not fed until sow had finally completed her assignment. I could not
remember ever having had my prick in cunt for so long without climax, and my sap
filled balls ached and ached for some form of release. Sow only took a half an
our longer than allotted to finish, and then we were fed and allowed to sleep.
The next day we were both required to bring off cocks with our arse pits, once
again without the ability to move, and with the slaves we serviced forbidden to
give us any assistance.

This time our targets were identical, the same as sow's had been when using her
cunt muscles alone the previous day. I wallowed in depraved delight when the
first long, stiff cock was thrust into my joyous arse tube, and the slave's sap
filled nuts bounced sensuously against my own. The elastic muscles of my rectal
chute went to work immediately, milking lecherously on the throbbing prick. It
took almost no time at all before it exploded in my depths, and bathed the
writhing walls of my arse chute in a sea of steamy man juice.

My arse continued to massage the prick until it stiffened and pulsed again, and
then I went to work to force it to surrender its next hot, juicy load. It became
much more difficult, and time consuming, with each climax extracted, and my
arsehole began to ache terribly. I was so lost in depraved debauchery and
submissive lust, however, that I hardly registered the awful ache, and basked in
sheer slavish pride when each exhausted, and utterly drained slave used his
servile mouth to empty my sloppy arse chute of his own juices. Both sow and I
easily achieved our targets with our clever arseholes within the allotted time.

After we had eaten and were allowed to rest, I finally realised just how sore
and abused my arsehole was. But I was so tired, and physically drained by the
day's degenerate activity, that I was soon deeply asleep despite this. When we
were woken up the next morning the supervisor announced that our sexual training
was now complete, expressing an opinion that we were suitable skilled to meet
the stringent requirements of our new circumstances. The removal of our body
hair was also completed, and a day earlier that anticipated.

We were freed from our benches, and allowed to walk around for a while, to get
used to moving again after having spent so long lying down. Our arms were then
put back into bondage. I basked in servile shame while I knelt before the
servant attending to me, with the bizarre, rubber clad creature's long thick
cock buried down my throat while my wrists and elbows were tightly strapped
behind my back.

When both sow's and my relatively mild bondage was completed the servants left
the room, and we knelt together waiting, alone, for whatever was to come.
Neither of us, particularly sow, had come to grips with no longer being able to
speak. It was just as well that we had no excuse for opening our mouths I
suppose, for we had also not yet come to grips with just how to keep our lolling
tongues inside them when our mouths were open. It is obviously both highly
degrading, and hugely humiliating to be seen with your tongue flopping about,
like a bitch on heat, whenever you opened your mouth.

After a few minutes the supervisor returned, and stood, commandingly, before us.
He gazed down at our submissively kneeling bodies with what I was sure was an
expression of pride in his eyes:

"I have just informed the Master of your progress, slaves." He informed us, "And
he is delighted, both with you, and with the staff. In fact he is so pleased,
that he has decreed that the day saved may be used to reward all concerned. I'm
sure that it will be sufficient reward for you two to be the ones that bestow
the rewards on the rest of us, won't it?" He ended, with a slight chuckle. Our
heads bobbed up and down, eagerly signifying our delight, almost before he had
finished asking the question.

The huge, rubber clad man then produced a written list from which he read. It
was a list of obscene activities for us to either perform, or have performed on
us. Before he got around to reading out the contents of the list, he informed us
of the basic operation of the estate where we were being held:

"The estate belongs to the Master. You may have guessed, by now, that all who
work here are themselves, slaves of the Master, myself included. Those whom you
have had the privilege of practicing your lewd, erotic arts on, and have seen
nude, are sex slaves, and don't live on the estate normally. They are brought
in, as and when needed. All slaves you have seen in uniform are permanent
chattels of the Master. Some have never even left the estate since they first
submitted to the Master. The estate is self sufficient in almost all ways. We
grow our own food, keep our own house, do all, but the most specialised of
repairs, do all domestic duties, and, of course, guard the estate against all
forms of unwanted intrusion."

The supervisor continued, "There are two hundred and thirty permanent staff on
the state and, over the course of the next twenty fours hours, you two will
sexually service each and every one of them. It is obvious that the slaves will
visit you only when they are free from their duty shifts. The efficient running
of the estate can not be compromised in any way. I will now read out the list of
lewd tasks I have prepared for you:

You will each suck off each staff cock at least once.

You will each suck off each staff cunt at least once.

You will each suck each staff arsehole at least once.

You will suck staff tit whenever required.

You will each drain each staff cock with your arseholes at least once."

The supervisor then turned his attention to sow, alone, and informed her of the
one task she alone was capable of performing:

You will empty each staff prick with your lascivious cunt at least once.

And then, turning to me, he addressed those tasks only I was able to perform:

You will fuck each staff cunt at least once.

You will also fuck any staff arsehole whose owner requests that particular
pleasure.

The man, then went back to addressing us both, and by now we were literally
shaking with wanton lust, and perverse craving made his final, and easily most
momentous announcement: "At no time will either of you succumb to sexual climax
while you service the slaves. This is not to say that you will receive no relief
what so ever. You will. At the completion of the day you will each receive a
full body whipping, during which you may both climax as often as you like, or
are physically capable of. Your whipping will be witnessed by as many of the
slaves as can be gathered for it."

My heart was pounding with dread, lust, and utter submissive elation by the time
he had finished informing us of our fate for the immediate future. I'm sure sow
felt exactly the same way. We were immediately taken to what we were informed
was the mansion's orgy room. A large, basically bare room, the floor of which
was completely covered in soft rubber, like a sort of wall to wall mattress.
Once we had arrived our arms were freed for the duration of the orgy. I wondered
if all the permanent slaves were going to turn up in their bizarre rubber
costumes, and of course, if they didn't, what sex would they be, given that had
all seemed to have both pricks, and yet also big tits.

As it turned out, we were visited by a seemingly never ending stream of slaves,
and they were all still attired in all enveloping rubber cat suits, but the
crotches had been removed, and, in the case of those who were women, tits were
also allowed to hang nude and free. The bulges on the men's suits were obviously
fake, as were the long cocks that normally sprouted from the groins of the
women.

Sow and I began what was to be the most sustained period of sexual service
either of us had ever undertaken. I must have sucked the cream from hundreds of
stiff pricks, as well as hundreds of juicy cunts. My aching cock was engulfed by
a succession of tight arse pits, and silky cunt tubes. I joyfully dipped my
incredible tongue deeply into a multitude of pungent, spicy arseholes, both male
and female. Sow did the same, with equally depraved elation. How we managed to
get through this period without coming, even once, will always remain a miracle
to me. We were immersed in sexuality. Cock, cunt and arsehole all seemed to
merge into one.

I felt, for what I believe is the first time, what it is like to be a pure,
immaculate sex s;ave, with no other purpose than to service others' bodies
sexually, regardless of gender. I was sure I had died, and gone to slut
paradise. I welcomed each stiff, throbbing prick that slid into my mouth, and
down my avid throat, and sucked the hundredth one with as much passion and
lasciviousness, as I did the first. I found the last cock to stretch open my
well reamed out arse chute as desirable and enchanting as the first to have done
so. My eager mouth lapped up the streaming juices of the two hundredth cunt
split that I tongued to climax with as much relish as I had the first one I had
ever sucked. I was in heaven. I lived, no existed, to serve. The fact that I was
forbidden to come was as it should be. My purpose was the pleasure of others,
not myself, and I revelled in it with my heart literally bursting with the joy
of lechery.

Without doubt, my beloved sow was experiencing the same debauched emotions as I.
From the few times throughout the period that I was able to catch sight of her,
this was clearly evident. She took cocks up her cunt and arseholes as the same
time, while her greedy mouth sucked the spicy juices from an eager cunt split.
The only times we were in any  danger of being driven to the forbidden orgasm
was when some of the slaves decided to torment us by sucking us with all the
skill of seasoned harlots. But somehow we survived the ordeals, and the orgy of
sexual lust and depravity went on and on.

Miraculously, when the main supervisor called a halt to the orgy, I was still in
a state of excruciating erotic euphoria. I could not believe it. Despite the
persistent soreness assailing my well fucked out arse ring, the tenderness of my
stiff, throbbing prick, and the awful ache in my balls, my heart almost broke
with despondency that it was over. I wanted more! Had I been able to speak I
would have begged and pleaded for more stiff prick to service, more dripping
cunt to pleasure, or more hot tight arsehole to suck on or fuck with utterly
depraved passion.

We were dragged from the orgy room, and down into the bowels of the mansion, to
a huge, well equipped medieval like dungeon. We were both hosed off with warm
water, to remove the sexual juices that seemed to cover every square inch of our
incredibly smooth skins. Attending servants then went about preparing our bodies
for the coming trial. We were both hung by our ankles first, and then our limbs
were stretched out with a savagery that almost defied description. I thought
that I was going to pass out from the agony of tendons stretched taut as drums,
and joints under so much pressure that I was sure they must actually tear apart.

Our legs were stretched open until they must had been close to being at right
angles to our torsos. Our arms were anchored to the floor. Our sex meat was
presented so deliciously defencelessly, that it caused my rigid prick to pulse
wildly, and my aching balls to throb in avid expectation. Deep masochism was
taking over from mere, unbridled sexual lust. I found myself, astonishingly,
longing to suffer. What strange and terrifying instincts my beloved sow had
wakened in me. I yearned for my punishment to begin, and for it to be savage,
brutal, and utterly inhuman. Even the fact that my swollen, sap filled balls
would be permitted to surrender their creamy fluid in countless eruptions while
I suffered my agonies was of little consequence to me at that moment. Only a
basic craving to immerse my being in misery, pain, and torment was important to
me.

Two slaves, armed with long, thin, horrific canes took up positions behind us.
Two others, equipped with heavy, multi-stranded cats stood in front, and
slightly to one side of us. One huge, muscular servant stood immediately in
front of sow's upside down nudity armed with a miniature medieval mace, its
cruel looking steel ball decorated with sharply honed spikes. The supervisor
took it upon himself to be the one to flay my cock and balls, he had chosen a
long thin wire whip for this deliciously cruel purpose, the business end of
which was coated in tiny spikes so fine that it reflected shards of light like
coarse sand paper. When all were in position, and fifty or so rubber clad
servants had crowded around to watch, the supervisor reminded us:

"You are now to receive a full body punishment. I can assure you it will be
delivered with the utmost ferocity, and will continue, unabated, until we, not
you, are too exhausted to continue. I remind you that you are commanded to
experience sexual relief, purely through the medium of pain, over and over. The
sight of your tormented cock and cunt spraying their juices of lust will prove
most entertaining to us. Enjoy your agony, revel in your suffering, lose
yourselves in a paradise of misery!"

I heard an eerie whistle, followed by a hollow clap, and the cheeks of my arse
erupted in fiery pain. Had I been able to, I'm sure that my squeals of hurt
would have deafened every one in the room. But, since the operation on my throat
had rendered me mute, I screamed out my pain and suffering without actually
making a sound. The canes exploded on my hard muscled arse slabs with
frightening force, causing the fleshy mounds to ache and throb with hurt. The
next brutal act to be perpetrated on my captive nudity was much more visual, and
consequently, terrifying. I saw the stands of a cat come whistling straight at
my chest. Each heavy, braided leather lash seemed to bite into my suffering
flesh, with awful individual clarity, and horrifying force. The pain that
flooded my chest flowed through me, and exploded in my brain with heinous
ferocity.

Tears of anguish were soon flowing freely from my eyes. I was in such pain that
it was difficult for me to comprehend how I was going to be able to remain
conscious, and thus absorb it. When sow had whipped my cock, it had been
extremely painful, but the people whipping me now were so much stronger than
she, and quite obviously much more skilled at inflicting hurt. I could only
imagine, in my already fevered mind what it was going to feel like when the
supervisor began to flay my rigid, sensitive cock with his horrifying wire whip.
I didn't have long to contemplate this terrifying thought, however, for he had
already swung back the barbaric whip in readiness to add, immeasurably, to my
misery.

The wire whip almost became invisible it was swung with such force by the cruel
man. Its wire lash flashed through the periphery of my vision, and sliced the
meat of my prick stem with petrifying accuracy. My mouth gaped wide in absolute
shock, my long, cut tongue flopped obscenely out of it, and dripped with drool,
and I lost complete control of my faculties. The agony that consumed me was awe
truly inspiring. My silent howls were not silent in my fevered mind. Rather,
they were deafening, and continuous. But, astonishingly, my brutally abused cock
stiffened and pulsated even more strongly, if that were possible, as the number
of mercilessly delivered strokes of the barbaric wire, slicing into the abused
flesh, up and down the length of its tormented length, grew and grew.

My mind was alive with acute agony. I began to lose all sense of proportion,
and, wondrously, I found myself yearning for each savage stroke to be delivered.
I had entered that special place only true masochists ever visit. A kind of
paradise where pain and suffering are the exquisite sensations of immaculate
enchantment, much more profound and flawless than mere pleasure, transcending
ecstasy. I had almost forgotten that my chest and arse were also suffering. The
flogging of these parts of my pain sodden anatomy were mere sideshows to the
main event, the terrifying and unmerciful flaying of my stiff, throbbing cock.

Having laced the entire length of my tortured prick stem for what seemed an eon
the supervisor began to lash the swollen, nerve filled head of my prick. The
merciless man delivered a half a dozen strokes, in quick succession. My
instantaneous reaction to this was to screech silently, but uncontrollably, and
my obscenely lolling tongue dripped a fresh flood of saliva, to this new, and
even more acute agony that assaulted my senses. I wondered, somewhere in the
recesses of my consciousness, how I could have so quickly come to adore such
excruciating agony. No matter, however, it was enough that I did. And soon my
brain was actually imploring my tormentors to whip, flog, and flay my agonised
flesh with every ounce of their energy. To force my immersion into an ever
deeper state of masochistic euphoria.

The cruel supervisor must have been reading my mind, for he subtly changed his
angle of attack. The barbaric wire whip flashed down, and sliced deeply,
agonisingly, into the tender meat of my hugely swollen, aching balls. The sheer
gut wrenching agony that coursed through me, with every pitilessly delivered
stroke, defied description. The brutal sadist sliced up my balls with ferocious
precision, and I lost control completely. My throbbing prick exploded in a
frenzy of inhuman ecstasy. Stream after stream of boiling prick juice gushed
from its seething tip, and bathed me face in the abundant flow. I came and came
for longer than I could ever remember. How could my savagely abused balls
contain so much boiling juice. They seemed to shed it for ever, and the
supervisor flayed their writhing meat barbarously the entire time, showing
absolutely no mercy.

Eventually my almost spastic convulsions eased, and my abused prick ceased to
spit. My mind was still lost in a wave of supernatural ecstasy. My horrifically
abused prick remained stiff as steel, and my tormented balls still seemed
swollen and tight, despite the amount of cream they had just shed. The
supervisor soon concentrated his efforts once again exclusively on the length of
my cock, and its tormented head. I retreated back into a mild state of rapture,
and silently howled my agonised joy at what had befallen me.

I was even cognisant enough to glance over at sow. Her huge tits were being
flogged relentlessly by a pair of brutal cats, bouncing about on her chest with
each stroke, and were already terribly bruised. I dreamily wondered what it
would be like to have tits, and how much it must hurt to have such delicate
tings so savagely abused. I noticed that the monstrous mace thrashed sow's
drooling cunt split with equal ferocity, almost crushing her steel hard girl
prick with each lash. Her smooth, sensuously rounded belly was soaked with cunt
sap, and it was obvious she had already climaxed many times. Her obscene tongue,
like mine, flopped from her gaping mouth, and dripped with spittle.

I was jolted back to my own terrifying reality when the brutal supervisor again
began to concentrate his efforts on my pain filled balls. It took more battering
of their delicate flesh to send me into masochistic ecstasy this second time,
but when it did the results were even more spectacularly ecstatic than they had
been the first time. My cock literally exploded in ecstasy, and an ocean of
creamy white sex juice flooded out of my slit and poured down onto my drenched
face. This orgasm, as intense and powerful as it was, lasted less time than the
first, and after it was exhausted, my prick tube softened slightly, and my pain
soaked balls felt slack and empty.

The fact that my prick showed such obvious signs of satiation made no difference
what so ever to any of my tormentors. They continued to administer brutal
punishment to my captive nudity, with seemingly no loss of power and potency.
Within almost no time at all my wilting prick had stiffened again, and my aching
balls again throbbed and ached with expectancy. I had to wait, however, for the
supervisor now seemed intent on slicing up my cock much more severely than he
had done previously. The pain soaked pole of slavish lust was, by this time,
dripping with blood, and it was the sight of blood that seemed to galvanise the
sadist to greater efforts.

Being suspended in a state of mindless masochistic ecstasy for so long began to
take its toll on my feverish mind. While the sensations I revelled in remained
as exquisitely acute as ever, I was no longer able to control my physical
reaction to such gloriously savage abuse any longer. My tortured prick began to
jerk and convulse even before the supervisor transferred the attentions of his
barbaric whip to my wildly flexing balls. In fact, the initial, strong spurt of
cream from my ejaculating prick came while he lashed the bleeding head of my
agonised cock. He quickly changed his tack when he saw this, and then lashed my
writhing balls with merciless savagery for the whole time they were shedding
their hot juice.

After this third mighty orgasm my cock betrayed my insatiable masochistic
longing by refusing to stiffen again, no matter how savagely the man flayed it.
In truth, the vigour of all of my tormentors' vigour was beginning wane by this
time, and their skins must have been soaked with sweat under their bizarre black
rubber cat suits. Finally the servants who had been concentrating their efforts
on my arse and chest ceased. The supervisor delivered a few more savage strokes
to my softened cock pole, and slack, empty balls, and then he too stopped.

I hung, exhausted both physically and mentally, my barbarously abused cock
dripping small droplets of hot, crimson blood. My chest heaved with emotion, and
I gasped for breath. My suffering nudity throbbed all over in the aftermath of
my terrifying punishment. I slowly came down from the incredible plateau of
euphoria I had been suspended in, and became even more aware of my anguish. My
tears were hardly noticeable, due to the pools of sex cream that still dripped
from my features, but my racking sobs were not.

I was not aware of exactly when sow's tormentors ceased to punish her gorgeous
body, but it must have, at the least, coincided with the cessation of my own
ordeal, for I could not recall any noise associated with the fall of the whips
on her lush nudity after such sounds associated with my own whipping had ceased.

As soon as the whippings were stopped the audience filed out of the room,
leaving us in the care of just two servants who remained behind to attend to us.
These two freed us from our bondage, then took us to a communal wash room where
we were permitted to shower, and clean up our abused bodies. Once this was
complete we were returned to the room where we had spent so much time since our
arrival, laid on our benches and the massaged all over with soothing balms and
healing ointments. By the time my massage was finished my whole body seemed to
tingle with soothed pleasure.

I inspected my nudity, expecting to find it in a terrible state. I was more than
mildly surprised to find that the skin on those parts of my anatomy that had
born the brunt of my punishment, and especially my sex flesh, hardly seemed
damaged at all. I put it down to the powers of the healing unguents so
sensuously massaged into my flesh. A glance over at my beloved sow showed that
she too seemed to have almost miraculously recovered, physically at least, from
her horrific ordeal. Seeing me gazing at her, sow smiled, her beautiful violet
eyes radiating love, and a deep sense of well being. I suppose that I too must
have been expressing the same emotions, because that was exactly how I felt.

We were fed soon after, then allowed to sleep in each others arms, and in no
form of bondage for the first time since we had been taken. We awoke the next
morning to the snapped command of the supervisor to follow him to what he
referred to as the dispatch area. We crawled along behind the bizarrely clad
male, and I wondered what new adventure was in store for us. We entered what
appeared to be a sort of small warehouse. A van was parked with its back doors
open, and a large container lay next to it, its lid also removed.

Two servants went to work, obviously preparing us for travel. Somehow it was not
the same, having a cock driven down your throat, when you didn't know whether it
was real or not. But, never the less, I still shivered with servile shame when
my servant did just that to me while my elbows and wrists were strapped
together. I was then bodily lifted up, and laid me in a kind of rubberised mould
in the base of the container. Once I lay in place my nudity was strapped tightly
in place, with legs spread to the extremities of the container, at ankles,
knees, thighs, waist, chest, and shoulders. A small strap was fixed around the
base of my limp cock, its purpose, obviously, to ensure that my cock would stand
straight up from my smooth crotch if it stiffened, My head was taped, loosely so
that I could move it up and down about an inch or so, to a relatively
comfortable padded strut, and faced straight up. A tube was the taped in place
next to my head so that its nozzle was an inch or so above, and to one side of
my mouth.

Sow's gorgeous nudity was then laid on a fresh mould that had been slid into the
container above my captured nudity, so that she would be suspended above me once
she was bound into place. Her head was over my splayed crotch, and my face just
a few inches below her spread open crotch. I gazed happily up at the lewd slut's
perfect pussy. I never failed to marvel at its stunning beauty. Once all the
preparations to our bodies had been completed, the senior supervisor appeared
next to the container:

"You are now to be transported to your permanent new home. The trip will take
approximately twenty four hours, and during that time you will have to fast, but
the nozzles you see close to your mouths will allow you to drink a specialised
energy drink that has been prepared for you. There is plenty available, and all
you have to do is to reach for the nozzle with your mouths and suck for it.
While you travel you may help to allay your boredom by practicing the use of
your tongues. This will, of course, also help to develop the muscles in them,
making them all the more useful to you in the future."

The lid to the container was then put in place, and screwed shut. As soon as the
lid was fixed in place the interior of the container became dimly illuminated. I
stared up at sow's gorgeous pussy split, and smiled to myself. I could have some
fun teasing her by keeping my prick limp I thought, smugly. Her strict bondage
would not allow her head sufficient movement for her long tongue to reach my
prick, unless it was erect. I could just imagine the frustration she would feel
while my eager, lascivious tongue teased her cunt split, and she was denied the
enjoyment of reciprocating. It would drive the delightfully hedonist slut wild
with envy.

I felt movement, our container was obviously being lifted into the van I had
seen. The van then moved off, and drove for what must have been an hour or more
before it stopped again. Once again the container seemed to be lifted, and moved
to a new location. A few minutes later, and we began were on the move again,
slowly accelerating, and I realised that our container had been loaded into an
aircraft, and we were taking off. Soon we were in the air, and having climbed
for a few minutes, levelled off, and began to cruise.

I reached up with my mouth, and sucked on the small nozzle. My mouth received
large quantities of delicious liquid, which I swallowed happily. After I had
finished drinking I contemplated the mouth watering prospect of sow's smooth,
hairless sex split. I poked my long tongue out, and found that I would have to
extend it to almost its fullest extent, just  to touch that succulent meat.
Indeed, it would only just be able to split those delightful lips at best. But,
however, once I had teased her little girl prick to full stiffness, the tip of
my obscenely long tongue would certainly be able to stimulate it quite fully.

I poked my tongue out, and traced the length of those pulpy lips with its tip,
then, extending it to its fullest, so far in fact, that it began to ache
slightly at its root, actually split the smooth, plump sex lips, and ploughed
through them from one end to the other. The luscious flavour of female sexuality
slowly took over my senses, especially after I had stimulated sow's girl prick
to throbbing erection, and her splayed twat gash began to flood with woman
moisture. The sheer erotic nature of my act also had my cock slowly swelling,
and it took some concentration on my part to prevent it from stiffening
sufficiently for sow's tongue to get at it. I set about working solely on sow's
burgeoning girl prick, lapping and laving its length with single minded devotion
with just the stiffened tip of my grotesquely protruding tongue.

I smiled to myself at what sow's reaction to my denying her access to my prick
would be, and soon had visual evidence of just this. I could see, clearly, that
she was vainly trying to close the soft lips of her own highly aroused sex, in
an endeavour to deny my tongue access to her cunt split's drooling interior,
and, more importantly, her stiff, excited girl prick. But it was, naturally, a
forlorn task, due to the nature of her bondage. I resolved to make her come
once, before allowing my cock to become erect, and settled down to achieve my
teasingly erotic purpose. After about ten minutes of constant lapping, sow's
girl prick jerked and spasmed visible, and her cunt split flooded with creamy,
spicy woman cum. The rich juice dripped profusely down the length of my tongue,
and into my welcoming mouth. I relished its tangy flavour, and avidly swallowed
all she had to give.

I didn't let sow's pussy alone, even after her climax had ebbed, rather, I kept
my long tongue just as busy, and was soon building her up to another orgasm. I
was not sure whether sow was lucky, or unlucky. Being a female, she could come
much more frequently than I would ever be able to. On the one hand, she would
suffer the frustration of having my clever tongue stimulating her almost non
stop, on the other, of course, my tongue was going to have to do a lot more work
than hers was needed to do, and would soon begin to ache much more. At least
this is what I had planned to happen.

I finally relented, and allowed my prick to stiffen fully. In almost no time at
all, it was erect and throbbing. It was only then that I realised that the strap
that captured its pulsing base was not only designed to keep the long, thick
pole standing out from my smooth crotch, but also to prevent it from softening
again, providing that it was kept aroused. I was, subject to sow's desires, to
retain an erection for the remainder of the journey, and she, of course, would
have unrestricted access to it. I didn't know whether to laugh, or cry, for sow,
having been the target of my erotic taunting would, no doubt, extract her own
form of wanton retribution.

Almost as soon as my prick had achieved full erection my senses were subjected
to wave after wave of pleasure. Sow's long soft tongue could only reach the fat,
swollen head of my aching cock, but she was able to lap and lave all over and
around that nerve filled knob, and because her tongue had the benefit of
gravity, she would be able to use it for more prolonged periods without the need
to rest. My tongue went wild on her pulsing girl prick, while hers teased my
pulsing cock head maddeningly. I could not hold out for long against such
exquisite stimulation, and I squealed silently, in pleasure while my rapidly
flexing balls released a flood of cum in ejaculation after ejaculation. I don't
know how much of my steamy prick juice sow was able to swallow, given that her
mouth was above my spurting prick, but I felt none splashing down into my
crotch. She must have swallowed a lot, for I could clearly hear the sounds of
liquid gulping.

Sow surrendered another explosion of pussy cream to my eager tongue at the same
time I fed her my first load. She continued to lick the tip of my cock after my
climax had finished, and soon my pole of lust was again throbbing with erotic
arousal. We kept at each other continuously, until fatigue finally overcame us,
and we drifted off to sleep. Thankfully, my prick softened while I slept, and
collapsed, limply into my crotch. Over the course of the journey I must have
ejaculated at least ten times, and my tongue tip must have teased more than
twice as many orgasms from sow's gorgeous pussy.

I realised that we had landed when the movements of our container heralded the
fact that it was being unloaded. It was again loaded into a vehicle, and we
travelled by road for what must have been five or six hours. The longer we
drove, the rougher the road we were on got, and our container bounced up and
down quite a lot. The truck finally stopped and our container was unloaded. I
heard the truck drive away. My heart was beating fast, and my blood racing. We
had arrived at our fate. What was in store for us. I waited with a growing sense
of terror, but masochistically excited terror.




Chapter 9 - In the Realm

Soon I heard the unmistakable sounds of the container lid being unscrewed, and
my heat almost leapt into my mouth with fright. The heavy lid was lifted clear,
and our bizarrely bound bodies were flooded with brilliant sunlight. I
immediately became aware of a rich, almost overbearing aroma of naked sexuality,
and, before I knew it, my cock was erect, and literally throbbed in lust. My
brain sought to control my feelings of wanton lechery, but was unable to even
minutely lessen my reaction to the exotic, aphrodisiacal fragrance the Master
exuded. I could see that sow suffered the same uncontrollable reaction to the
erotic scent. Her cunt split was drenched, and the erect spike of her throbbing
girl prick had completely escaped its protective sheath.

I saw the head and shoulders of the bizarre Master hovering over the container.
He reached into the interior and loosened sow's bonds, then lifted her
voluptuous nudity bodily from the container and, I presumed, deposited her on
the ground outside. The Master then reached down into the box, and freed me of
my own bonds, including unstrapping the base of my raging erection, which then
snapped up against my belly with such force that its moist, flaring head,
already leaking pre-cum, audibly slapped into my smooth skin. The Master then,
effortlessly, lifted me out of the box, and deposited me, next to the kneeling
sow.

I got the shock of my life when I saw the Master. His tall, muscular body was
dressed in sheer latex rubber, a shirt, and matching trousers, with highly
polished leather riding boots on his feet. What had shocked me to my core was
the fact that his open crotch had no prick hanging from it. It was completely
bare. But, hanging from the front, and near the top of each of his thighs was a
set of male genitalia, the cocks, even though limp, were long and thick, with
large glans, and the balls at base of each were large and round. I could not
believe my eyes. I had never seen anything like this before, all I could do was
just stared, in awe at his twin cocks, with my own throbbing with depraved lust,
its pre-cum by now literally flowing down the pulsating stem, and my balls
swollen and aching with desire. I could not tear my eyes away from them.

The bizarre dominant then put a weird collar around each of our necks. It was
made of some kind of metal, the like of which I had never seen before. When he
closed the collars he applied a kind of tool to the joins and, when he had
finished, there was no blemish what so ever in the surface of the metal, making
it abundantly clear that they were on us permanently. Each collar had four rings
actually moulded into its metal surface, two each on front and back, and the
others on either side. Once these collar were in place he clipped a thirty foot
long length of light chain to the rings in the front of each, then stood back,
and inspected us.

This was when I got my next shock. While gazing intently at the Master's
bizarre, dual pricks, and literally drooling with depraved lust, and my own
achingly stiff prick pulsating wildly in tune with the depths of my wanton
lewdness, without actually making a sound, the Master addressed us, and,
miraculously, we able to hear his words, as if they were audibly spoken:

"You have reached your destination slaves. I am Overlord Sextius, and your new
life now begins. From this point on you will answer, collectively to the name
slave pair twat-cock. Once within the confines of the realm you will be
connected by an invisible bond, which will never allow you to move more than ten
feet apart. From now on you will always communicate, on those occasions when it
is required of you, in perfect unison, as if you had become one being. On those
rare opportunities that you might enjoy when able to communicate between
yourselves, you will refer to each other simply as cock one, or twat one. To see
if you have understood what I have conveyed to you, you may introduce
yourselves." the Master concluded.

Sow and my mouths, already open, with drooling tongues hanging out obscenely,
tried to make sounds as we endeavoured to comply with the Master's command. "No!
No!" He snapped. "All communication within the realm is achieved through
telepathy. All you need to do is think your words, and they will be heard."
Then, once again with a sense of disbelief, both sow and I replied, in perfect
unison, and with identical words. I wondered, at a different level in my
subconscious, how it was possible for sow and I to form identical sentences
without prior agreement, but we did, as if by magic.

"I am the slave pair twat-cock. My lewd pounding prick and hot drooling cunt
split throb in depraved ecstasy by being permitted to be in your presence,
Overlord Sextius!" We mentally cried with wave after wave of pure, unadulterated
wanton depravity flowing through our incredibly aroused bodies. "Good, now we
will enter the realm slave pair twat-cock, and you will be presented to the God
and Goddess." Overlord Sextius said, and turned his back on us, and walked to
what I had, at first, believed was a horse, but on closer inspection, saw that
it was a mythical unicorn.

We struggled to our feet, while Overlord Sextius mounted his mythical steed.
Eerily, as soon as he got over about twenty feet away from us the indescribable
sexual arousal we had been subjected to waned, almost altogether. My prick
softened immediately, and soon flopped down until it hung limply between my
thighs. Sow's sex lips lost their swollen appearance, and no longer dripped with
her spicy cunt juices, and the teats capping her mighty tits softened, and
shrank to normality.

The Overlord Sextius nudged his mount into a slow trot. We ran along, dragged by
the chains that connected us to the Master. Sow's enormous tits bounced
vigorously, and my long limp prick flopped about, slapping against my rapidly
striding legs while we fought to keep up the gruelling pace set by the Master.
Suddenly Overlord Sextius, and his mount vanished. I was so surprised that I
almost stopped dead, but the chain attached to my collar snapped tight, and I
stumbled forward struggling to stop myself from falling. Within seconds we
passed through what appeared to be an invisible barrier. The scene that unfolded
now, filled me with awe and wonder.

The place where we had been when freed from our container had been in the midst
of a hot, humid, rain forrest. What met my gaze now was a paradise of rolling
hills, glorious trees, fields filled with lush crops of grains, vegetables, and
fruits of all varieties imaginable. Sprinkled about were figures tending to the
crops. As we got closer to some of these I was able to see that almost all were
male, and were entirely naked, except for leather sandals, and slave collars
similar to our own. Every now and then we came across a male dressed in rubber
costuming, similar to that worn by Overlord Sextius. These were overseers of
lesser rank, and were equipped with normal male genitalia.

When ever we came across an overseer Overlord Sextius would pull us his mount
and engage the man in mental conversation. The overseer, and any field slave
lucky enough to be close by, became affected by Overlord Sextius's aroma, their
pricks immediately snapping to raging erection, which were maintained until we
moved on. Off in the distance I had seen what appeared to be a magnificent,
pastel coloured palace. The magnificence of the building came into even sharper
focus, the closer we came to it. Soon we were trotting up a long, sandy surfaced
driveway that led up to the main entrance of the enchanted palace.

Overlord Sextius drew to a halt before the enormous double doors at the
entrance. A naked young slave ran out to hold his mount, the youth's prick
snapping to erection immediately he came within range of the Master's, erotic,
aphrodisiacal aroma. Sow and I were also soon acutely sexually aroused, and
shaking with lust when we arrived at the doors, and knelt before Overlord
Sextius. The slave took Overlord Sextius's mount away, his prick collapsing once
he had moved twenty or so feet from the awesome overseer's presence.

Almost as an afterthought Overlord Sextius summoned the slave back to us. The
youth tethered the unicorn and quickly rushed back, and knelt before his Lord.
His arching cock throbbed with lust, and his face wore a look of wanton
depravity, mixed with sheer terror. He didn't know, of course, whether he had
been summoned because he had somehow displeased the Master or not, and he waited
in shuddering anticipation on Overlord Sextius' pleasure.

"Stand, and spread, slave!" Overlord Sextius snapped. The youth hastily rose to
his feet and stood, spread legged as commanded, his smooth, muscled chest
panting heavily, and his lovely stiff prick pulsating with sexual arousal.
"Slave pair twat-cock, tongue relieve the slave, twat one to the nuts, cock one
to the prick, and share the slave's load between you." My achingly stiff cocked
throbbed with heightened desire, if that were possible, and I noted that sow's
teats were steel hard, and her cunt split was again swollen with arousal, and
glistening with the juices of her lust, its gorgeous girl prick fully extended,
and visible pulsating.

Before the silent echo of Overlord Sextius' command had even faded sow's long,
drooling tongue was wrapped around the young slave's balls, lapping and laving
at the delicate, smooth, hairless orbs with erotic sensuality. My own lewd
tongue had circled his pulsing shaft completely, and my slowly bobbing head drew
it up and down on the hot, hard sex pole with complete abandon. Each time my
tongue reached the tip of the lust soaked prick I joyously allowed it to wash
over the fat, perfectly shaped sex knob, and thrilled to my core with the
delicious flavour of raw male sexuality.

We worked on the young slave with consummate erotic skill, drawing his cock ever
closer to the moment when it would erupt in sheer ecstasy, and surrender the
juices of his balls in an explosion of carnal release. Such was our single
minded devotion to the youth's pleasure, this cataclysmic event was not too long
in coming. When I sensed that we had driven him to his peak I enclosed his
flaring prick tip in my hot wet mouth, and concentrated on stimulating it until
it could no longer stand the pleasure. The prick jerked wildly, and a torrent of
rich, creamy cock cream cascaded into my mouth. Conscious of the command to
share, I forced myself not to swallow, and soon my cheeks were ballooning
obscenely as my mouth filled to overflowing with musky male outpouring.

The slave's climax ended with him literally sobbing with pleasure. Sow forsook
her attention to his writhing balls, and used her bizarre tongue to squeeze the
length of his lust stalk, coaxing every last drop of his juice into my
impossibly full mouth. I pursed my lips strongly while allowing the cock head to
finally escape from my mouth, and sow immediately furled her tongue around it,
and diligently cleaned it of all remaining residues. We then glued our mouths
together, our incredible tongues duelling wantonly, while we savoured the
luscious flavours of the slave's rich cock cream joyfully, swallowing slowly to
ensure that we were able to cherish its debauched ambience to the fullest.

Once we had consumed all the juice sow drove her long tongue down my throat, and
sucked avidly for any that I had not yet managed to completely swallow. I
shivered in sheer concupiscence at this deliciously lascivious act, and flushed
with a tinge of jealousy that the lewd little slut had thought of it first. Our
mouths separated when we realised that all the slave's juice had gone, and we
resumed our kneeling postures before Overlord Sextius. He dismissed the slave
once again, and then approached the large, bizarrely ornate doors to the palace.

The doors themselves were a revelation in erotic design. On each one a nude male
slave was held in total body bondage in deep recesses cut into the wood next to
where the doors joined. The cocks of the captive slaves rose in powerful
erection as soon as Overlord Sextius approached, and he grasped one pounding
stalk in each hand, then swung the heavy doors open. Overlord Sextius strode
inside, with us crawling along behind him. The huge doors swung back into place
as soon as we were inside.

I found that we had entered a long hallway, lined on either side with sculptures
of highly erotic design between which were closed doors, all of the same,
bizarre design, although much smaller, as the main ones we had just entered
through. We proceeded down the hallway and, to my complete astonishment, I came
to realise that the sculptures were, in fact, made up of living slaves, caught
in a variety of highly erotic, and sometimes painfully stringent sexual bondage.
As we passed each one the cocks of the male slaves reared into pulsating
erection, and the cunt splits of the females flooded with ripe female sex juice.

The Master stopped at a particular door and swung it open. When we entered we
found ourselves in a roman style bathroom. Two young nude female slaves waited
for us, the peaks of their pert young tits hardening under the powerful
influence of Overlord Sextius and, of course, their hairless sex cracks seeping
with the moisture of extreme sexual arousal. "Slaves," Overlord Sextius silently
ordered, "Clean up slave pair twat-cock in readiness for their presentation to
Divine God Heroditas and Divine Goddess Aphrodisia." The overseer made as if to
leave, and then, almost as an afterthought, added, "Slave pair twat-cock, before
you start, tongue relieve the slaves, twat one the front, cock one the rear, and
share the fruits of your labours."

The overseer then strode from the room, his long limp cocks swaying wantonly
from the tops of his muscular thighs. The door swung shut, and one of the cute
slave girls projected, "Me first, me first. You went first last time!" Obviously
referring to the order of events when they had last been sexually serviced.
Their was no objection from her pretty, and identical companion, and sow and I
went to work. I slipped my face into the warm fleshy chasm between the
delightful girl's plump bottom cheeks, and sucked passionately at the rosebud of
her delicious anal ring with flushes of delightful humiliation coursing though
me.

Once I had thoroughly moistened her tight anal pout I thrust my wriggling tongue
through her sphincter, and drilled it deeply into her humid back passage. The
slave girl squealed in delight, but as much through the agency of sow's clever
tongue delving lasciviously into her drooling sex cleft, and teasingly
stimulating her pulsating girl prick, as from the attentions of my obscenely
buried lingual organ, I suspect. We worked tirelessly on the slave's pleasure
until her pussy erupted in ecstasy, and she fed sow a veritable flood of fresh,
spicy, twat juice.

The slave girl's companion, sensing that her sister slave had already cum,
roughly pushed her away, and took her place between our kneeling nudity. My face
slipped joyously into the split between that slave's identical, and sensuously
voluptuous arse cheeks, and repeated my adoring service to this, second,
delectable female arsehole, while sow sucked for the girl's sweet cunt cream. We
had soon brought this slave off, and again our mouths melded, and sow, somewhat
reluctantly I'm sure, allowed me to share the wanton benefits of her lustful
labours.

As soon as the slave girls surmised that our passionate kissing no longer had
anything to do with the sharing of their pussy offerings they drew us apart, and
led us to a large sunken marble pool, filled with scented, steaming waters. We
all entered the water, luxuriating in the sensual feel of the aromatic fluid on
our incredibly smooth skins. The slave girls went about their tasks of cleansing
our bodies of the dried sweat, and filmy dust caused by our recent run through
the realm behind Overlord Sextius' trotting steed.

Our bodies were soaped and rinsed over and over. Our long tresses were washed
thoroughly, and, in general, we were pampered like a pair of prized possessions
by our cute attendants. The pair of slave girls kept up a constant stream of
silent banter while they worked on us. The more outgoing of the two, when
cleaning my still achingly stiff prick commented playfully, "Next time the
Master commands you to service me in his presence, I'm going to beg him to allow
me to experience this," She projected, giving my throbbing stalk a strong
squeeze, "Up my wanton arse, rather than your tongue, cock one of slave pair
twat-cock!"

The two slave girls carefully dried us off after our bath, scented our smooth
skin, and brushed our long hair until it shone lustrously. They then made up our
faces in the manner of ancient temple harlots. Just as they were finishing my
prick sprang to erection and began to throb with excitement, heralding the
return of Overlord Sextius. Sow and I knelt before the overlord in a state of
acute arousal, and the two pert young slave girl's knelt, submissively, off to
one side, the teats capping their shapely tits hard, and moisture clearly
evident along the lengths of their hairless pussy clefts.




Chapter 10 - In the Presence of the Gods

"It's time for you to be presented to the God and Goddess, slave pair twat-cock.
Follow me." Overlord Sextius commanded, then strode purposely from the room. We
crawled along behind the rubber clad dominant, our hearts racing with
anticipation. We came to a set of ornate double doors with the usual slave
pricks hanging, lewdly, where door handles would normally have been, these long
thick cocks stiffening in response to the arrival of the overlord. Before
opening the doors Overlord Sextius instructed:

"A slave enters the celestial presence rear first, slave pair twat-cock,
presenting their divine majesties with the perverted sight of its freely
offered, and lewdly rutting sex meat. Slaves are only allowed to gaze in awe on
the magnificence of the celestial Almighties if and when they permit it.
Remember, slave pair twat-cock, the sole purpose of your existence is to perform
as sex slaves. Every fibre of your being is now to be devoted to unbridled
sexual lust and depravity. Your singular function is to abandon your selves to
wanton debauchery. From the instant you experience the utter joy that is
engendered merely by being in the hallowed presence of the Divine God Heroditas,
and the Divine Goddess Aphrodisia, you will be transformed into mindless
grovelling sex animals, wallowing joyously in your perverted lust, yearning to
be permitted to perform the wildest, and most perverted acts of unadulterated
obscene debauchery, longing to have the most unspeakable acts of punishment
inflicted upon your writhing, lust crazed bodies. Your happiness will only be
complete, and flawless, if your utterly depraved and debauched efforts result in
an instant's entertainment for their divine majesties. Now, prepare yourselves
to make your entry."

Sow and I turned around until we faced away from the bizarrely equipped doors,
then leant forward until our chests touched the polished stone floor. We arched
our backs savagely, so that our smooth, naked arse cheeks rose and parted
baring, obscenely, our tight anal rings. We then spread our knees as widely as
was possible, while still retaining the ability to move. Our lascivious
postures, in my case, causing my stiff prick and swollen balls to be offered in
lewd, wanton lust, and in sow's case, the swollen lips of her drooling cunt
split splaying wildly, revealing, obscenely, every detail of her glistening sex
trench, from twitching cunt pit mouth to pulsating girl prick.

Overlord Sextius opened the doors, then quickly moved around in front of us. If
I had thought that the aroma Overlord Sextius exuded raised me to a level of
sexual excitement that could hardly be surpassed, I was clearly mistaken. The
potency of the aphrodisiacal fragrance surrounding the God and Goddess
heightened this immeasurably, and reduced me, instantly, to a state of utterly
mindless lust and craving depravity that completely consumed my very core. My
prick throbbed with lust, the like of which I would never have believed had I
not been experiencing it, and my balls seemed to swell to incredible size, and
ached with a longing that must surely drive me insane with desire.

Overlord Sextius' twin cocks had reared up in throbbing erection, and I gazed at
their ravishing lengths with my cut tongue lolling out of my mouth, and
literally drooling with wanton lust. If I had thought that I would have had to
concentrate on presenting my body in a suitably wanton and depraved fashion I
was proved wrong. The instant that the fantastic fragrance hit me my obscenely
offered arse cheeks began to undulate and rut with utterly wanton depravity,
without an iota of control on my part.

We inched our way into the room, sow's and my nude bottoms, and perversely
displayed sex meat, rolling and rutting in uncontrolled depravity. The further
we got into the room, the more potent the aphrodisiacal perfume became, and the
deeper we sank into mindless lust. We were guided by Overlord Sextius to a
position in the centre of the large, eerily, completely white, room where we
stopped, continuing to display our depraved sexuality in obscene abandon. We had
been reduced to a pair of sex crazed animals in mere seconds, just by being
exposed to the aura of the deities. My heart was filled with a joy so profound
that it is hard to adequately describe, a kind of supernatural rapture that left
no room for any thought other than that of pure sexual desire, and immaculate
submission.

My sex crazed brain was filled by images of depraved excess. It was involuntary.
I could not have stopped, or even controlled the debauched images forming had I
tried. I saw myself with my throbbing cock sunk to the hilt in sow's hot, tight
arse pit, one of my fists punching in and out of her writhing cunt pit, while my
other hand frigged her swollen girl prick. This image faded, only to be replaced
by another in which my own arsehole was being fully and deeply fucked by an
enormous hot, hard cock, while my long tongue was fully immersed in sow's silky
cunt tube, so deeply that its tip was teasing her cervix. Another image showed
me fucking sow's gulping gullet, my fat, swollen balls slapping into her chin
with each powerful stoke, sow using one hand to drive an enormous double dildo
in and out of her spasming arse and cunt pits, and using her other to drill my
arse chute with an equally massive plastic cock. In yet another fleeting image I
found myself, rising from my kneeling position, just having finished sloppily
tongue kissing his anal ring, offering the length of my swollen aching cock to a
muscular man wielding a ferocious bull whip, and silently imploring him to
thrash my throbbing stalk with all his might.

I had absolutely no control over my thoughts. I was completely dominated by my
lust. But, even when in such a deluded state, I was somehow able to notice other
events taking place around me. The huge doors had closed once we entered the
chamber. Two nude males, positioned off to one side of the door, were engaged in
a dual act of total obscenity. But what first struck me was the bizarre
modifications that had been made to their bodies. Each had a perfect set of
real, flesh and blood male genitals attached to their chests and, (identical to
the ones sprouting from her groins) these pricks, stiff as steel, lewdly, arched
up their chests, with the fat, swollen heads, drooling with pre-cum, level with
their gaping mouths.

This was the slave pair pricks, and their obscenely performing bodies faced each
other, quite close together. Each of them straddled a pole rising from the stone
floor, and they wildly undulated their arses, plunging long thick, rubber dildos
in and out of their joyous arse pits. The stiff pricks arching up from the
slaves' rutting crotches dripped with musky juices, and duelled lewdly together
with the movements of their undulating hips, like some sort of sexually obscene
sword fight. Each slave passionately tongued the swollen head of the throbbing
prick arching up from his own chest.

In spite of my own completely lust crazed state of mind I found that I was still
capable of coherent thought, provided such thoughts involved nothing but wanton,
and utterly depraved debauchery. It was in this state of mind that I found
myself longing to be given the ability to suck my own cock. How deliciously
degraded slave pair pricks must feel, with their long wet tongues obscenely
lapping at the dripping heads of their own throbbing pricks. I tore my gaze away
from the two male slaves performing so perversely, and noted the equally
depraved, or, perhaps even more so, performance of a pair of female slaves, the
slave pair cunts.

The two identical female sluts were standing side by side, about a foot apart.
They, too, straddled poles with enormous, double dildos at their tops. The two
slaves were undulating their sweating arses wildly, driving those massive rubber
pricks in and out of their horrifically stretched cunt and arse pits in sheer
depraved lust. The slave girls shook their fat, stiff teated, tits around on
their rolling torsos in a frenzy of erotic passion, while they so pervertedly
fucked their own brains out, their long tongues flopping around out of their
lewdly gaping mouths.

I watched the two nude sluts perform their feat of utterly depraved sexual
perversion with my own lust crazed brain still exploding with erotic excess.
Suddenly, and in perfect unison, each slut folded her torso, astonishingly, down
her writhing body. Their plump tits flopped down on either side of their heads,
and soon they were using their lascivious tongues to stimulate their own stiff,
throbbing girl pricks. I could not believe that anyone could be supple enough in
the spine to achieve such an amazing feat of contortionism. But seeing was
believing, and the sheer depravity of the performance had my heart pounding with
even more sexual arousal, if that were possible.

Overlord Sextius, still standing behind our lewdly displayed bodies, with his
enormous stiff cocks visibly throbbing, and dripping tiny rivers of pre-cum,
telepathically communicated with the two, as yet unseen deities. "Your supreme
Majesties, I have the honour to present the slave pair twat-cock in accordance
with your command. I trust that their immaculate, mindless submission to your
glorious being meets with your approval."

Two eerie, high pitched voices then invaded my mind, speaking in flawless
unison, "We are pleased with your efforts, Overlord Sextius. Once again you have
anticipated our requirements precisely." The overseer replied, submissively, "I
exist to serve, glorious Majesties. My heart is filled with joy beyond
imagination at having pleased you." "Would you take relief, Overlord Sextius?"
the mental voices inquired. "If it pleases you divine Almighties." The overseer
responded, his tone clearly betraying his own lustful desire. "Slave pair
pricks, attend to Overlord Sextius' pleasure immediately.

I watched the two slaves wrench their arse rings from the massive dildos in
indecent haste, and drop to their knees on the stone floor. They crawled over to
Overlord Sextius, waving their stiff cocks, and rolling their nude arse slabs
lewdly all the while. Their telepathically projected voices pleaded in unison,
"Worshipped Overlord Sextius, we plead for the honour of servicing your fabulous
sexuality. Please Overlord Sextius, instruct us in how we may cater to your
desires, we beg you."

Overlord Sextius gazed down at the grovelling slaves with a mocking grin, "Well,
slave pair pricks, yours arse pits are obviously slack from your lewd self
fucking, so I'll have your lascivious mouths and tongues to worship at my
pricks." The two slaves leered back up at the commanding dominant in absolute
wanton joy, their obscene tongues already reaching out from their obscenely
gaping mouths, even before he had finished his statement. "Oh thank you, adored
Overlord Sextius, we are filled with happiness at being permitted to close our
whore mouths around the magnificence of your powerful, manly penises. We pledge
that our lips, tongues and throats will pleasure your fabulous penises with
single minded devotion for as long as it is your wish for them to do so."

The two male sluts then used their hands to move the stiff stalks of the pricks
sprouting from their chests out of the way, then their long tongues began to
lasciviously lap and lave up and down the huge lengths of Overlord Sextius'
glorious penises. I watched the two obscene slaves work with a sensation of
acute jealousy washing over me. Oh how I longed to be permitted to worship those
potent stalks of male sexuality myself. My lewd, rutting display of utterly
submissive depravity became, if anything, even more pronounced, and uncontrolled
the longer I watched, and my envy grew and grew.

"We would inspect you from the front, slave pair twat-cock!" Came a command from
the deities. A shock of pure adrenalin throbbed through my veins at the mere
thought of being permitted to see the Divine God Heroditas, and the Divine
Goddess Aphrodisia for the first time. Sow and I shuffled around to face them,
our arses still undulating wantonly, then straightened our torsos, our hands
flying up to clasp the backs of our heads in classic submissive posture. Sheer
joyful happiness and rapture flooded my mind, accentuating the almost unbearable
sensations of immaculate depravity that already consumed me. The two beings were
almost painfully beautiful, even though neither actually visually displayed
sexuality. They were almost ghost-like in appearance, and were adorned with
filmy robes of the purest white I had ever seen.

The only way of telling Divine God Heroditas from his consort, Divine Goddess
Aphrodisia, was that she had small bulges on her slender chest, like those that
the breasts of an adolescent girl would make. Otherwise the two were identical.
My heart pounded with such force that I was sure it would burst, while I gazed
in awed rapture at their radiant beauty. The two deities sat and stared at our
wantonly displayed, lewdly rutting nudity for a few minutes, the only sounds in
the room being those of sensuous sucking mouths of the slave pair pricks on
Overlord Sextius' wonderful penises, and those of the slave pair cunts on their
own cunt splits.

The two rulers then rose from their thrones, and seemed to drift across the
floor towards us. It was then that I was able to fully see the bizarre nature of
the thrones they had been occupying. I took in the design of the seats in
astonishment. Each one was identical, and constructed completely of naked female
flesh. The backrests of the seats were made up of six sets of huge, soft, white
tits, and the seats themselves of two sets of equally ample, pliable, pale tits.
The legs of the slave women whose soft, fleshy udders formed the seat on which
the deities rested their celestial bottoms were bent, ankle to thigh, and
strapped in place like that, and their arms were similarly bound so that the
limbs, stabilised with almost invisible stays that connected them together,
formed the legs of the chairs themselves. The faces of the two slave women,
whose opulent tits formed the cushion closest to the front of each throne, were
fixed facing each other, and the women were seen to be kissing lewdly, non stop,
their dripping tongues visibly duelling. I could only assume, since all seemed
to be in pairs, that the others were also kissing wildly.

The slave women whose fat tits formed the backrests had their legs bent
backwards, away from the chairs they helped to form, and their feet were fixed
to the wall behind, further stabilising the thrones of slave flesh. I was unable
to see the bonds that must have obviously bound the slaves' torsos together, and
so the whole effect was one of seats constructed purely of massive, soft, white,
tits. Standing, one on either side of the human thrones, were two massively
muscled black men. Both were completely naked, except for high heeled shoes, and
broad leather belts strapped around their hard muscled bellies. From their belts
hung a selection of particularly brutal looking whips. Each, of course, sported
an enormous, rock hard prick, drooling with arousal, that sprouted up and out
from his hairless crotch.

While the two celestial sovereigns drifted towards sow and I their eerie silent
voices commanded, "Slave pair whippers, we would have our thrones warm when we
return!" The two massive slaves unhooked heavy leather, multi stranded whips
from their belts and began to savagely thrash the soft, captive tits that formed
the resting places for the deities. The sounds of passionate sexual sucking were
soon drowned out completely by the awful sound of leather striking pliant flesh,
and the slave woman who were the subject of the merciless torment, silently
projected their squeals of pain and suffering. I noted, however, that the two
slave women whom I could actually see kissing did not break their wanton kiss,
even for a second, while the cruel whips battered their tender tits so brutally.

The two deific beings stood, or should I say seemed to hover before sow and I,
inspecting the absolutely wanton depravity of our obscenely performing bodies.
"Oh, yes," They announced, "We are well pleased, Overlord Sextius. These two
harlots will be most welcome additions to our little groups of playthings,
especially when we've finished altering their physiology to suit our desires.
From the lust crazed debauchery of their thought patterns, we won't even have to
touch their minds. Are you pleased, Overlord Sextius, with the endeavours of
slave pair pricks?" They inquired, almost as an afterthought. The pleasure
filled dominant answered that the performance of the two slaves sucking on his
throbbing cocks so passionately by now, was satisfactory.

The Divine God Heroditas pointed a delicate finger at sow's sensually rolling
tits, and a beam of brilliant light shot out from the end of His digit and
played over the smooth skinned udders. "A pair like these," He said, "Will do
nicely here, Aphrodisia, don't you think." He continued, playing the beam of
light, like a pointer, onto my heaving chest. The light shaft made the moist
skin of my chest tingle maddeningly, until the God removed it. "Oh, yes,
Heroditas." His ghost like companion agreed, then a similar ray of light shot
from Her pointing finger, and played across the shaft of my throbbing, drooling
prick, and lustfully aching balls. "And a set of these here, I think, too, would
be nice." She announced, playing Her beam on sow's torso between, and near the
bases of her enormous tits. Then, tracing the outer edges of sow's dribbling
cunt split, she continued, "And, of course, to complete the set, one of these,
here." She concluded, pointing the centre of my chest, a few inches below my
nipples. The Divine God Heroditas drifted around to our backs, and commented,
"Extra flexibility here, here, and here." I had no way of knowing what He was
referring to. No doubt I would find out soon enough.

The two deities discussed our fates as though we were not even present. They
instructed Overlord Sextius to see to our bodily enhancements without delay. All
the time the merciless thrashing of the huge, soft tits of the slave women
forming their living thrones continued, to the accompanying mental wails and
howls of suffering of the pain filled slaves. On their way back to their thrones
the deities telepathically commanded us, the new slave pair twat-cock, to
entertain them with a display of lurid arse fucking, while Overlord Sextius
completed enjoying his pleasure.

My heart sang with joy. I was finally going to be able to actually engage in a
physical act of lecherous lust. I prayed that it would help in some small way,
to assuage the fabulous intensity of my depraved arousal. As if by magic, a
long, massively thick, perfectly shaped, stone cock rose from the surface of the
floor to a height of two feet. I literally tore the muscular cheeks of my
sweating arse open and plunged my aching arse ring down onto the blunt head of
the rock like prick, driving a foot of it into my hot, tight arse pit. I
revelled in the hurt of the massive invasion of my harlot hole, and spread my
knees even wider, giving the celestial being a complete, and graphic view of my
self impalement.

The gorgeous sow leapt to her feet, and her state of unadulterated sexual
arousal was soon as clear to me as mine must have been to her. She turned her
back to me, spread her thighs wide, an sat her smooth arse, its voluptuous
cheeks widely slipt, onto the tip of my straining, dripping, throbbing prick. My
slimy cock head slipped past her tight sphincter with almost no resistance. She
leaned her back against my torso, and wrapped her arms behind my back, linking
her fingers so that she could maintain her body's basic posture. When satisfied
with the stability of her position she turned her face towards mine, and lapped
at my lips with her lewd tongue. I took the cue immediately, and our tongues
began to duelled lewdly.

As soon as I perceived that we were in the most wantonly depraved posture our
performance would allow I began to wildly roll and rut my brutally skewered
arse, and sow too, began to rotate her bottom, while not actually rutting it up
and down. The result was that, with each upward thrust, I drove almost the
entire length of my unbelievably aroused prick into sow's churning arse chute,
while extracting almost all of the stone cock from my own burning rear pit. On
each downward plunge my own prick withdrew from the tight confines of sow's
convulsing arse, while a foot of stone cock drove relentlessly back into mine.

We set up a steady, but violent pace, in our dual ravishment, mentally squealing
out our growing ecstasy. My spasming arsehole squeezed and pulled at the stone
cock, as if to draw a load of molten laver from its unyielding presence. Sow's
writhing arse pit massaged my own pulsating prick with indescribable, wanton
depravity. I should have been already exploding inside her, but I wasn't. My
level of sexual arousal had burgeoned even more strongly while my aching prick
ploughed in and out of her, but I seemed to hover, perpetually, on the brink of
climax, but was not quite able to surrender to it.

The deities watched our obscenely degrading performance with an air of almost
boredom for at least ten minutes before Divine Goddess Aphrodisia commented,
"Quite a respectable performance, for a first appearance, but something's
missing. I know what," She added, "Slave pair whippers," She projected to the
massive whip slaves standing on either side of the living thrones, commanding,
"Whip one, thrash the harlot twat one's tits to add to her pleasure. Whip two,
lash the swinging nuts of the rutting whore, cock one, the slut yearns for it."

To my shock I found that, as soon as these thoughts had been uttered, I was
indeed longing for the fall of a whip on my swollen, tender, ferociously aching
balls. I yearned to suffer and suffer. I felt that I would die, if not subjected
to the divine agony of having my delicate balls lashed savagely. My lust crazed
being demanded the agony. Sow, too, obviously welcomed her coming ordeal. As
soon as she was aware of it her shoulders began to shimmy against my chest,
shaking her enormous, stiff teated, tits in a lewd and submissive offer of their
tender masses to the cruel whip.

The two massive whipping slaves soon stood, one on either side of our
lecherously performing bodies. Whip two, hefted a long, snappy buggy whip
equipped with a small steel ball at its business end. Whip one had equipped
himself with a six foot long, incredible thin cane. I squealed in mental agony,
laced with impossible enhanced wanton lust when the first stroke delivered with
massive force, lashed into the defencelessly offered orbs of my tight swollen
balls. The gut wrenching pain almost overwhelmed my senses, and sent me into a
fit of immaculate, masochistic rapture the like of which I would never have
thought possible before now.

Sow reacted with the same crazed masochistic rapture to the vicious lacing of
her tender tits by the horrific cane, wielded so brutally by the cruel whip
slave. Our shrieks of mental anguish were soon filling the temporal air waves of
the room. We were both almost insane with lust and joyous suffering. My rutting
arse reacted with debauched perversity to my terrific suffering. The velocity
with which I raped my tortured arse ring on the stone prick increased until my
own thrusting cock became almost a blur, and my sweating crotch slapped into the
rounds of sow's revolving bottom slabs with a sound almost as audible as the
sounds created by the whip and cane pounding our delicate appendages. We were
lost in a paradise of masochistic rapture, and utterly depraved and debauched
perversity. Our thoughts were dominated by howls of agony, spiced by awful pleas
to slave pair whippers to punish us more savagely, and squeals of delightful
gratitude to the God and Goddess for permitting us to submit to them so lewdly,
and excruciatingly painfully.

On and on it went. We seemed not to even begin to tire, despite the obviously
strenuous nature of our lascivious activities. It was as though we now had
bottomless reserves of energy, to match our already insatiable yearning for the
joys of wanton lust. "It seems that Overlord Sextius is nearing complete
satisfaction, Aphrodisia." Divine God Heroditas commented, casually, "Shall we
permit our new sluts, slave pair twat-cock, to come for us?" "Oh, yes!" Divine
Goddess Aphrodisia replied, "That might be quite entertaining, especially as
they seem so intent on providing us with a delightfully perverse performance.
Besides, you know how we love to see sex sluts losing control, and surrendering
to their lewd depravity in orgiastic climax."

In light of the fact that I had already lost complete control of my senses, I
could not believe this statement. It implied that I could sink even deeper into
a lust crazed abyss, and I did not believe this could be possible. "You are
permitted to surrender to your sluttish gluttony." Divine God Heroditas
commanded. My throbbing prick, literally flashing in and out of sow's hot, tight
arse pit by now, pulsated at a level of ecstasy that almost overcame my mind's
ability to bear. The cream in my churning savagely suffering balls began to
boil. Sow's writhing arse chute began to squeeze my plunging pole of lust like a
vice. I shrieked in immaculate rapture, and drove my jerking, steel hard cock
into sow's convulsing arse tube with such force that I actually lifted her body
a few inches. My next withdrawing stroke was so complete that it drove a further
six inches of unyielding, stone cock into my avaricious arse pit, and caused my
entire prick to escape the clutches of sow's clasping rear cave. At the instant
my swollen cock head popped free of the clenching arse ring, a particularly
viciously delivered stroke of the whip exploded on my brutally suffering balls,
and a white hot stream of ball juice streaked up my convulsing shaft, gushed
from my prick tip like a torrent, and spurted into the gaping hole of the
already climaxing sow's arse chute.

Our squeals of tortured rapture drowned out all other thought projections for
the next minute or so, while I continuously drove my raging, spurting prick in
and out of sow's wildly pulsing arse, and flooded her rectal chasm with an ocean
of steamy cock juice. We came and came, unable to stop, or even control our
orgasming nudities. Slave pair whippers caned flying tits and thrashed flexing
balls with all their might, and without mercy for the entire time that our
climaxes shook us. The awful agony they inflicted meant nothing to us. We were
beyond any sensation, except the inhuman ecstasy that consumed our lewdly
rutting, horrifically suffering bodies.

In an instant it stopped, as abruptly as it had first exploded. My arse
collapsed onto the stone prick, driving eighteen inches of it into my squirming
arse pit. Sow's feet and arms both gave way at the same time, and her cum soaked
arse swallowed the entire length of my stated, yet still rock hard cock. The
level of arousal that assailed us was reduced to the incredible intensity of
before our cataclysmic performance, but somehow seemed to be much less than it
had previously been, although, of course, it was not.

"Prostrate yourselves before their celestial Majesties, slave pair twat-cock,
and wallow in your utter happiness, and supreme gratitude to them for deigning
to allow you to slake your obscene lusts for their amusement." Overlord Sextius
snapped. Sow heaved her nudity off me, her clenching arse ring squeezing the
final dregs of cream from my pulsating stalk as it slid slowly up its length.
She collapsed to her knees facing the thrones, her hands thrust forward,
savagely punished tits squashed into the smooth stone, tongue lolling lewdly
from her mouth, and well fucked arse raised high, and swaying erotically.

Once sow was clear of me I too raised my arse and, with a sense of loss, allowed
the stone prick to slip from my aching arse chute. I joined sow, in submissive
prostration, before our supernatural rulers. While I was extracting my body I
noted that the slave pair pricks seemed to have completed their delightful task
of sucking the cream from Overlord Sextius' huge cocks, which, none the less,
remained stiff and hard. The two slaves mouths were coated with slimy sex cream,
and their tongues were lewdly attempting to suck the gooey cream into their
mouths while they still remained, kneeling, at his feet.

We remained prostrate before the celestial beings, our though patterns dominated
by outpourings of gratitude to them for accepting our immaculate submission, and
allowing us to try to please them with the depravity of our lusts. "We are
pleased with your first up efforts, slave pair twat-cock, and expect that they
will become more depraved and debauched with practice, especially after your
physiological transformations. Slave pair cunts, cunt one empty the harlot, twat
one's sloppy arse pit. Cunt two, sooth the whore, cock one's stretched open arse
ring and well whipped nuts." They said, in perfect unison.

The next thing I knew a soft, hot tongue was tenderly teasing the ravaged pout
of my tingling anal ring and, from time to time lapping and laving erotically
over the battered orbs of my swollen and aching balls. Sounds of obvious
sucking, and avid swallowing, were coming from sow's rear, and she wallowed in
the exquisitely sensual sensations of a soft feminine mouth and tongue on her
reamed out arsehole. "Slave pair pricks, we would experience the pleasure of
watching your lewd fuck sticks spew their dregs while slave pair twat-cock is
attended to. Present the stalks between your legs to Slave pair whippers. We
shall see the juices whipped from them. You may use your tongues, at the same
time, to urge your chest pricks to vomit." The deities commanded.

Slave pair pricks, squealing their delighted gratitude and utter happiness, ran
to take up kneeling postures before the supernatural Rulers. They dropped to
their knees, which they spread wide, and grasped the bases of the achingly rigid
pricks arching out of their smooth crotches, presenting the drooling heads of
the pricks almost horizontally, and consequently openly vulnerable to the fall
of the lash. Their lewd tongues were already obscenely lapping and laving at the
dripping heads of the stiff pricks that reared up to their mouths from the
centres of their heaving chests, even before their knees had his the stone
floor.

Slave pair whippers approached the kneeling slaves, each holding a vicious
looking riding whip in his strong right hand. Without any warning at all they
slashed their whips cruelly into the tender meat of those cock heads. The
suffering slaves' bodies shuddered in agony, but their wanton tongues reacted to
their pain by becoming even more lascivious in obscenely slobbering over the
slaves' other cock heads. The slave whip wielders thrashed the kneeling slave
pair pricks' cocks with all their strength, and at a truly frightening pace. The
suffering slaves howled out their agony, and joyous masochistic lust, in a
frenzy of mental projections. Their licentious tongues, by now, wildly
masturbated the top thirds of the chest pricks in utterly lewd abandon.

We knelt watching the depraved exhibition, our own sexual arousal almost
unbearable, while soft, feminine tongues continued to tease and caress, in my
case my swollen aching balls, and tingling arse ring, and in sow's case, her
arse pit, and once it had been emptied of my cock's lewd tribute, I suspect, her
swollen throbbing pussy swamp also. After about fifteen minutes or so, although
in this environment, time seemed unmeasurable, the suffering slaves climaxed, in
perfect unison, their brains squealing out their utter ecstasy. Huge streams of
steaming man juice gushed from the tips of their battered cock heads while, at
the same time, their furled tongues fought to intercept similar powerful
eruptions of cock cream that spurted, out of control, from the tips of their
chest cocks.

Slave pair pricks finally exhausted their orgasms, and wailed out their eternal
appreciation for being allowed such depraved and agonising sexual ecstasy by the
God and Goddess. The two deities rose from their living thrones and announced,
"We would rest now. Overlord Sextius, take the slave pair twat-cock and attend
to its physiological transformation. Slave pair pricks and slave pair cunts can
return to standard duties immediately." Overlord Sextius bowed in deference to
their commands, and the two celestial creatures moved off and, astonishingly,
seemed to drift straight through the stone wall behind their living thrones.

As soon as the God and Goddess left the aphrodisiacal potency of the air within
the room dropped significantly, and my stiff prick and swollen balls, while
still throbbing and aching respectively, seemed to almost be normal . Overlord
Sextius opened the huge double doors, and summoned two overseers. Slave pair
pricks and slave pair cunts were given over to these two, who were dressed
identically to Overlord Sextius, but graced with only one normal prick, which
had, of course, stiffened immediately they were in his presence, and the group
disappeared down the ornate hallway.

Overlord Sextius stared down at us and ordered us to follow him. We led to
another room which was bare, except for two pure white long, narrow tables. We
were ordered to mount these tables and lay on our backs. Overlord Sextius then
informed us that we were to be transformed, physically, as decreed by Divine God
Heroditas and Divine Goddess Aphrodisia. He then left the eerily silent room.




Chapter 11 - The Transformation

We lay on our backs on the tables in the absolute silence of the room. I began
to wonder about telepathic communication. I knew that we had been able to
discern everything that had been directed at us, not to mention the thoughts of
all others who had been present in the chamber of the Gods. But I was not sure
whether we were able to communicate ourselves, or even between ourselves, so I
decided to experiment. I mentally asked sow how she felt. Silence was the only
reply. I tried again, but with the same result. I decided, with bitter
disappointment, that we must be denied the ability to communicate. It was going
to be so disappointing not to be able to share my emotions with my beloved sow.
I almost cried with dejection.

We lay in our solitude, waiting for someone to come to us, but nothing seemed to
be happening at all. Then, suddenly, the eerie light in the room intensified,
and two strange canopies descended from the high ceiling. The light became more
and more brilliant the closer the canopies came to our laid out bodies, until,
when they completely covered us, and the sheer intensity of the illumination
forced me to close my eyes. As soon as my eyes closed I seemed to drift off into
a catatonic state of suspended animation. The world stood still, and my mind was
completely blank.

How much time passed with us suspended in this state of non existence I would
never know. I slowly began to come out of the trance, while the canopy that had
covered me began to rise back up to the ceiling of the room. It took me some
time to realise that I was back in the land of the living, and able to both
think and feel once again. It was then that the full impact of what had happened
to my body began to dawn on me, and to thrill me to my very core.

Rising up, magnificently, on my chest was a pair of massive, firm fleshed tits,
capped with fat, meaty teats. I was not, as yet, able to move a muscle and so,
could not even raise my head to more closely inspect my new tits. The mere fact
that they were there filled me with a strange, new form of sexual excitement. My
huge prick, inevitably, began to stiffen, but what really struck me with wonder
was an entirely new, exotic new sensation of erotic arousal, easily as potent as
that occurring in my crotch, emanating from the lower centre area of my chest. I
had no idea what was causing this, as yet, but I had my suspicions, and these
filled me with sensual expectation. I lay back and, with a growing impatience,
slowly felt my strength begin to return.

With a supreme effort I managed to swing my legs off the bench, and tried to
stand up. I almost fell flat on my face, as the sheer weight of my new, enormous
tits threatening to over balance me. "It's not easy, carrying around a huge pair
of tits, is it piglet!" Sow projected in a teasing tone. We could converse! I
was filled with a sense of sheer happiness, and utter relief, at this exciting
discovery. "We're not sow and piglet any more. You're twat one, and I'm cock one
of the slave pair twat-cock." I projected, relegating our old, humiliating names
to history, only to replace them with ones equally, if not even more degrading.

"Notice anything familiar about your tits, cock one. And have you looked at
what's nestled below them?" Twat one inquired, the excitement in her thought
pattern almost palpable. I inspected the massive udders, quickly realising that
they were exact replica's of twat one's gorgeous pair. My heart then skipped a
beat. I discovered, while inspecting the huge tits, that an exact reproduction
of twat one's cunt split graced the centre of my chest, the top joining of the
plump sex lips an inch or so below the bottoms of the tits. So this was the
cause of that strange new sensation of arousal I had experienced earlier. I ran
my hands over my tits, and thrilled to the resulting, delicious tingle of sexual
pleasure, especially when my fingers tweaked their rubbery teats to throbbing
erection.

I touched the cunt split embedded in my chest, tentatively at first, as if my
actions might make it disappear, and I would wake up to find that it was all a
dream. Gradually I got bolder, and used my fingers to spread the thick, smooth
cunt lips apart. I lowered my head in an attempt to get a closer look, and was
astonished, and amazed to find that I was able to get my face so close to it
that my chin was almost touching the splayed pussy. My spine had obviously been
modified to make it double jointed, and astoundingly flexible. With just a tiny
amount of effort I found that I was able to actually lap the trench of my
already moistening cunt with my long tongue. My nose was filled with rich female
sexual odours, and my taste buds overwhelmed with the delicious flavours of
female sexual arousal. My brain buzzed with wonder and excitement. I could now
experience the full spectrum of erotic experience. I had often wondered what
females actually felt when they were being sexually used. Now I would find out,
first hand. I felt lovely, and gorgeously sexy. Both my new girl prick, and my
huge male prick grew to throbbing erection, in involuntary response to the
bizarre new circumstances I found myself in.

I further experimented with my new spinal flexibility, and to my sheer delight,
found that I could easily suck my own cock, and actually manoeuvre my face low
enough to lap at my own sap filled balls. I could even, with little extra
effort, manage to slip about two inches of my tongue into my own arse pit. The
erotic possibilities afforded by this new flexibility seemed endless, and I
couldn't wait to sample them all. While I was happily exploring my new sexuality
with complete fascination, and growing elation, totally absorbed in my own new,
erotic world, a projected thought projected from twat one broke into my
subconscious.

"Now I don't actually need you, any more, cock one." She teased. I stopped my
sensual experimentation, and glanced over to twat one's table. She, like me, had
stood up and was busy inspecting her body's erotic enhancements. Really, her
appearance had not changed all that much, after all, she already had a pair of
tits, and a cunt spilt. Now, however, she had a prick and balls as well. Her
cock was identical to mine, and sprouted out of the centre of her chest, at the
same level on her torso, as my new cunt split was on mine. Becoming twat one, of
slave pair twat-cock, had not seemed to affect the lewd slut's sense of humour,
I found. Her new cock was stiff and throbbing. Its long thick stalk rose up
between her massive tits, and its already dripping head was level with her
mouth. The slut was lasciviously tonguing the head of her new cock, her whole
body shuddering with sexual excitement.

"I'll bet I can even fuck my own cunt if try hard enough." She projected. I
looked at her, and expressed the belief that this would be physically
impossible, but I informed her that I was sure that she would be able to suck
her own cunt split, and even her own arsehole, after all, I had already found
out that I move my own head into my crotch quite easily. Twat one, of course,
set about proving me wrong, and I watched in utter amazement at how she did it.
She bent her torso back and down, and then brought it forward until her tits
were completely visible from the front. She used both hands to pull her rigid
cock out from between the massive mounds, and positioned its swollen head at the
mouth of her cunt pit. The lecherous harlot then bent her legs slightly. Her
violet eyes twinkled mischievously, and with delicious depravity, and I became
aware of her `I told you so' thought, while six or seven inches of her thick,
throbbing prick oozed into her wet, silky twat tube.

"You just don't have enough imagination. That's your problem, cock one." Twat
one mocked. "I can do almost anything, if I put my mind to it." "Just think of
the possibilities," I projected excitedly, "The innumerable different variations
of depraved perversions we can now dream up, and engage in, to entertain our
Rulers!" We continued to explore our bodies while we mentally conversed. I found
the most useful thing about communicating telepathically was that your mouth
didn't have to stop what it was doing. Yet another strange development was
discovered as soon as we tried to move away from each other. We found that if we
tried to get further that ten or so feet apart some sort of invisible force
stopped us. This discovery didn't worry me in the slightest. I never wanted to
be even ten feet away from twat one again, ever.

"Cease, and present yourselves like the slaves you are, slave pair twat-cock!"
Came a thought pattern that easily overpowered those being transmitted between
twat one and myself. We immediately fell to our knees, sex ,meat throbbing with
acute arousal in the presence of Overlord Sextius' powerful aroma, spread our
legs wide, and clasped our hands behind our necks in servile submission. We
didn't even have to consciously display our wanton lust, the sheer intensity of
our sexual stimulation had already caused our hips to undulate lewdly, and our
shoulders to roll, shaking our massive, stiff teated tits erotically. Hot
pre-cum dripped from the flaring tips of our achingly stiff pricks, and our cunt
splits were flooded with ripe, aromatic woman juice.

"Auto eroticism is strictly forbidden in the realm, except, of course, when
undertaken for the purposes of entertaining the God and Goddess." Overlord
Sextius projected angrily, then mellowing a little, added, "Since you altered
physiology is so new to you, I will overlook your behaviour, just this once."
The overlord then announced, "You will now be informed of the rules and laws
that will govern your existence. But first, a few facts about your future.
Firstly, you will no longer age as normal humans do. Not that you won't age at
all, but rather that the process is so slow that it will not be noticeable for
thousands of years. Your bodies will still require fuel, and you will be fed a
diet of fruit and vegetables, prepared by domestic slaves taken for their skills
in the culinary arts. You will find that you only require a maximum of four
hours sleep each day." He projected, moving around our naked, obscenely
displayed bodies.

"In matters sexual you will discover that you have enormously enhanced
capacities. Your cunt splits are capable of climaxing almost infinitely, and
your cocks can spit around twenty times between sleep periods, with your nuts
producing an almost inexhaustible supply of cream. In matters of punishment you
will find that, while you are not invulnerable, your capacity to recover from
even the most brutal of torments is without precedent in your prior existence.
Your capacity to absorb, indeed, revel in pain and suffering will know almost no
limits." And now to the laws that govern your activities," Overlord Sextius
continued.

"These laws are sacrosanct. No deviation, even in the minutest of detail will be
tolerated. Firstly, as sex sluts, and pain slaves you will, at all times, be
completely naked. On those occasions when you are being used to service slaves
working in the fields, you may be permitted to wear a form of footwear. At all
times, and especially when in the palace of the Gods, you will remain on your
knees. The only exceptions to this edict are that you may be permitted to walk,
or more likely to run, when moving from slave to slave in the fields, or when an
exhibition in which you are involved, or task you have been given, requires you
to be standing. You will, when in the presence of superiors, and whenever not
engaged in any form of activity, display yourselves in a fashion commensurate
with both your submission, and your depraved and debauched sexuality." Our
highly aroused bodies, if anything, began to perform with even more visual
perversity as these statements were being projected, and my mind was filled with
masochistic rapture.

"Two slave girls, whom you have already been exposed to, have been assigned as
your personal beauticians. Their sole reason for existence is to ensure that
your bodies are always presented in perfect beauty. You will reward these slaves
by relieving their sexual hunger whenever they require it, and in any form that
they desire. You will refuse them nothing. You will only ever see Divine God
Heroditas and Divine Goddess Aphrodisia within the chamber you have already
visited. Your visits to this chamber will actually be relatively rare, perhaps
four or five times each year. This is not because Their Majesties do not desire
frequent entertainment, but rather because humans can not survive the potency of
Their aphrodisiacal aroma for long, or frequent periods without being driven
insane." I experienced a sense of extreme sadness when Overlord Sextius made
this announcement. My heart literally ached with the craving need to be in the
presence of The God and Goddess.

"We all suffer the same sadness, cock one." Overlord Sextius informed me, having
read my thoughts, "But it is a fact of life in the realm I'm afraid, so you will
have to learn to live with it. But to continue. You will normally be required to
perform as a pair for the entertainment of the Rulers, but, on occasion, you
might be required to join with slave pair pricks, slave pair cunts, or indeed
both slave pairs, if it amuses the Lords to see such a spectacle. The rare
sessions you spend in Their hallowed presence will generally involve both
depraved and perverted sexual presentations, and sessions of punishment the like
of which you may never have even imagined. You will always be given at least a
weeks notice of when your are required to perform. You will be responsible for
the planning of your own acts, and your own punishments. You are expected to be
utterly perverted, depraved and debauched at all times, and your acts must be
widely varied, to even retain Their interest, let alone provide them with
amusement. No reward for your efforts is ever contemplated, the mere fact that
Divine God Heroditas and Divine Goddess Aphrodisia have allowed you into their
presence is reward enough."

"Now, my pretties, you may have discovered that you are unable to move very far
apart. In fact, your area of freedom from each other is limited to a ten foot
circle. I am sure that you are delighted to know that you will spend the rest of
eternity in each other's company, although you may discover that all that
glitters is not necessarily gold. This brings me to the matter of communication.
You have also, no doubt, realised that you are able to communicate with each
other now. This is not licence to engage in idle chatter, the ability has been
given to you solely for the purpose of planning your depraved activities. You
may, on occasion, use this ability to actually add to the sheer wanton depravity
of your performance. You are strictly forbidden, however, to converse between
yourselves, unless specifically directed to, when in the presence of the God and
Goddess, myself, any of the overseers, or any of the slave pairs whippers." We
listened to the future of our lives with growing feeling of delicious
submissiveness. A never ending life dedicated solely to sexual excess, and cruel
punishment, was beyond our most longed for desires, and our burgeoning lust was
almost unbearable.

"You have already seen one of our six pairs of slave pair whippers. The vast
majority of punishments of slaves are carried out by them. From time to time,
and generally only when serving in the chamber of the Gods, I might engage in a
slave's castigation, and the same applies to my overseers. When you are
approached by a slave pair whippers the sign that they are going to punish you
will be if they have unhooked a weapon of correction from their whip belts. You,
slaves, will immediately stop whatever it is that you might be doing, offer your
bodies shamelessly to them, and plead for them to punish you, regardless of
whether there is a reason for you to suffer or not." I shivered with
apprehension at this development, but soon my masochistic juices were flowing.
Overlord Sextius continued.

"Slave pair whippers are the only ones in the realm who don't have the ability
to communicate. They are able to hear instructions, but not give them. Whenever
they attend to your punishment, which will be frequent, I can assure you, they
use their weapons of correction to transmit their wishes. After they are
finished you will, without exception express your gratitude for their attention
to your needs, and you will service them sexually if they desire it. I must
admit that all the slave pairs whippers lack imagination in this respect, and
generally content themselves with fucking face. They are, after all, clones from
the same mould. Now, have I left anything out. I don't think so. But if I have,
we can always correct the oversight later. It's not as if we don't have any time
to waste."

I was dreaming of being permitted to suck on one Overlord Sextius' cocks while
he was instructing us, completely forgetting, of course, that he would no what I
was thinking. He brought me back to reality by indicating that my desire was not
to be fulfilled on this occasion, but I need have no fear, I would be granted
the opportunity to worship both his cocks on enough occasions in the future to
satisfy me. I blushed scarlet at the fact that all my lewd longings were now to
become public knowledge, every time I dreamed about them. "Now it's time to show
you to your chamber, which you share with your beautician slaves, and where you
will eat and sleep."

Overlord Sextius turned and headed to the door. We crawled along behind him, me
savouring the heavy swing of my enormous tits, and finding, that if I lowered my
shoulders slightly, I could drag the stiff teats that capped them along the
floor, stimulating them beautifully. We proceeded down the passageway, passing
the living statues which reacted to the aroma of Overlord Sextius by becoming
intensely, visibly aroused when he neared them, and then returning to normal
after he had passed.

After travelling about fifty feet down the long hallway we came to large picture
window that opened out onto a small courtyard. Overlord Sextius halted at this
window, and we crawled up to him so that we were able to see out into the
courtyard. Ten nude females lounged around on the lush grass, and were being
sexually serviced by what I recognised as the slave pair cunts. The women all
possessed massive, soft, pliable tits, out of all proportion to the rest of
their bizarrely pale bodies. Each of the two slaves who formed the slave pair
cunts wore a huge, double pronged dildo, sprouting from her smooth crotch. I was
soon able to see that the dildos were in fact double ended, and the other ends
were buried up the two slaves' cunt and arse pits. They were busily engaged in
fucking the brains out of two of the women, while their faces were buried in the
splayed open crotches of two others.

"Those are throne slaves," Overlord Sextius commented. "Because they spend so
much time in close proximity to Divine God Heroditas, and Divine Goddess
Aphrodisia they are much more strongly affected by the Rulers' aphrodisiacal
fragrance. They are kept in such an extreme state of sexual arousal by their
sole task in life, that during all of their of duty time they have to be
sexually serviced, and savagely punished, or they would soon go totally insane
with lust. Their tits have been specially enhanced, both in their sheer size,
and, more importantly, their softness. This makes the massive udders much more
sensitive to the whip, and, of course, makes them a deliciously comfortable
resting place for the sacred posteriors of our divine sovereigns."

We watched for a few more minutes while slave pair cunts worked relentlessly on
the women, going from pair to pair, and sucking their excited pussies to orgasm,
or achieving the same goal with their huge dildos. The slave women lay sated
after they had been attended to for only a few seconds, and then were
impatiently waiting for their next turn at being pleasured by slave pair cunts.
"You two will spend considerable time in servicing these slaves and, given your
new capacities, will, no doubt, soon become their favourites."

We continued on our way, and soon found ourselves before a slightly smaller
door, the male slave's body, in its intricate bondage, and whose function it was
to act as the handle for the door, took up most of the surface . The door
slave's big prick snapped to pounding erection as soon as we arrived, and arched
out from his smooth crotch, becoming a deliciously lascivious handle. Before
opening the door Overlord Sextius smiled down at me and commanded, "One of your
routine duties, cock one, is to suck this slave's prick off every time you enter
your chamber." I stared up at the bizarre overseer with a look of lust, and,
submissive humiliation in my eyes, at this announcement.

"Well, cock one, what are you waiting for." He projected, with a tinge of anger
in his thought pattern. I blushed with shame, and crawled over to the door,
noting as I went, an expression of envy on twat one's face. "Don't worry, little
slut," Overlord Sextius projected, "You'll get your chances too." I almost
smiled at her continued petulance. I suppose you can't change you nature, can
you? I crouched up slightly, and engulfed the hot, throbbing, juicy prick of the
captive slave in my mouth, driving down on the pulsing stalk until the dripping
head was lodged halfway down my throat, and my cruelly stretched lips were
clasped around its thick, vibrating base. I sucked the aroused cock with single
minded devotion for no more than thirty seconds before it exploded, and flooded
my gulping gullet with an ocean of rich, musky man juice which I swallowed with
relish. With some reluctance I allowed the prick to leave my mouth, but only
after I had drained the captive's balls of every drop of their succulent juice.

On my way back to join twat one, I could not contain myself, and teased her
further by lewdly cleaning my man juice coated lips with my lascivious tongue,
leaving her in no doubt that I was enjoying a little feast that she had been
denied. Had I have known the result of this little bit of fun, I may have
thought twice about doing it. Overlord Sextius' eyes flashed with anger, "You
need a lesson to teach you to behave, cock one!" He projected snappily, and
pressed a small button on his belt. A few seconds later a slave pair whippers
trotted down the hallway towards us, their collections of cruel instruments of
correction swinging from their heavy leather belts, and their long, thick pricks
swaying massively between their muscular thighs with their gait. When they came
within range of Overlord Sextius' aura, of course, those thick, long cocks
snapped to mighty erection, and throbbed with lust.

Overlord Sextius indicated twat one's kneeling nudity, and commanded, "Whip two,
feed this obscene harlot your cock, but don't let her feast on your lust juices
too quickly." And then pointing to me, "Whip one, thrash this impudent whore's
fat tits hard, flog the massive udders non stop, and as hard as you can, until
whip two's prick has surrendered its succulent cream to twat one's greedy maw."
And then to all of us in general, the commanding overseer projected angrily,
"Get on with it, I don't have all day!"

Twat one crawled over to the muscular whip two, and engulfed the length of his
pounding prick deeply into her already wildly sucking mouth. I, learning my
lesson, was careful not to further anger Overlord Sextius. I immediately reared
up on my knees, clasped my hands behind my head, and thrust my enormous tits out
to the cruel punisher. "Please! Please! Mighty whip one, I have displeased the
adored Overlord Sextius. I beg you, scourge my wilful tits with all your might,
so that I may atone for my disgraceful behaviour, I beg you!"

The muscular slave unhooked the heavy leather cat from his belt, leering down at
my servile nudity heartlessly. He raised the awful whip high over his head, then
brought its many, heavy leather strands crashing down on my tender tits with
terrifying force. The power of the blow was so great that it almost crushed me
into the floor. I screeched, silently, in absolute agony. My new tits seemed to
ignite in a rage of fire. Ugly red welts were left all over the meaty mounds in
the wake of the braided whip strands. I wailed and howled out my agony while the
merciless whip slave thrashed my pain filled tits with a ferocity that was
beyond imagination. Tears of misery flowed down my cheeks. My fevered brain was
filled with masochistic rapture. My cock throbbed in ecstasy, and my balls ached
with lust. I suffered and suffered, and revelled in it. Soon my abused tits
seemed to be exploding on my chest, and my agony was all consuming, and never
ending. The vicious whip slave seemed to never tire. If anything, the power he
used in whipping the pain soaked udders seemed to grow and grow.

While I suffered so horribly, twat one savoured the lewd pleasure of having her
sucking mouth filled with tasty, virile prick. Whip two, with due deference to
Overlord Sextius' orders, managed to keep himself from ejaculating under the
exquisite pleasure of her lascivious mouth, tongue, and throat for ages. My
suffering went on and on. I lost all track of time, and was lost completely in a
masochistic paradise. Somewhere, deep in my consciousness, I perceived twat
one's throat wildly swallowing, and realised that whip two had climaxed.

Whip one ceased his merciless thrashing of my grotesquely welts tits, then
gripped my hair in one fist while he drove his own huge, throbbing erection down
my throat. I, still revelling in the excruciating sensations engendered by my
burning udders, sucked at the prick like a starving whore and, all too soon my
gulping throat was bathed in a flood of rich, aromatic man juice which I gulped
down in utter joy. To be permitted to feast on the succulent man essence of one
who has inflicted such glorious, and utterly merciless punishment on you is a
sensation of pure, exquisite, submissive rapture.

As soon as we were back in our kneeling positions Overlord Sextius dismissed the
slave pair whippers and opened our door. We crawled inside, my swinging tits
still burning, horrifically, with pain. The two young slave girls assigned to us
were kneeling dutifully, their delightful pussies flooding with juice when the
scent of Overlord Sextius invaded their senses. The overseer left us in their
care, informing us that, from the next day we were to be prepared to begin what
would be an eternity of service.

As soon as the overseer had closed the door the two slave girls leapt to their
feet, and ran over to us, their pert, young, shapely tits bouncing erotically.
Each of them warmly embraced one of us in turn. The cute slave who ended up in
my arms tenderly petted my abused tits and projected, with genuine concern and
emotion, "Your poor tits have been punished, cock one. I'll soon soothe them for
you, and have them back to their normal beautiful selves again, I promise."

The two slave girls led us into an alcove which had, as its centre piece, a huge
sunken bath of polished marble. Stone steps led down to the steaming waters,
salted with aromatic scents and oils. All four of us descended into the
pleasantly hot water, and the two young slaves began to wash our skins tenderly.
The cute slave working on me massaged a soothing balm into the firm flesh of my
sorely violated tits, cooing with girlish delight at their sheer size and
weight. I looked down at my enormous appendages and was amazed to see the
bruises, cuts and savage welts that had so recently been inflicted on them begin
to physically fade and heal, as if by magic. Within minutes the massive udders
were back their normal creamy, flawless perfection.

"What do we call you?" Twat one inquired of her pretty little companion. "We are
slave pair body sluts. I am slut one, and she is slut two." She projected. "But
you're identical," Twat one countered, "How will we know which one we are
exchanging thoughts with, or which one of you we want to play with?" The slave
girl giggled, and replied, teasingly, "What difference does it make. We're
almost physically identical, and our lusts are really indistinguishable. The
only difference is that my girl prick is a tenth of an inch longer than slut
two's, and her lascivious cunt pit is an inch deeper than mine. We'll have fun
trying to get you two to guess which is which."

We must have spent over an hour in the bath, and I was beginning to worry about
the fact that we only had four hours before we would be required to undertake
our twenty hour service shift. Reading my thoughts, slut two, while casually,
but erotically, stroking my stiff prick with one hand, using the other to tease
my throbbing girl prick, projected, "Time is different, in the realm. Days here
can seem like weeks, and minutes like hours. You can sleep for thirty seconds,
and, when you wake up it will always feel like you have slept for hours and
hours. So it doesn't matter. We can play with each other for hours and hours,
before we sleep, and slut one and I want to. We have been deprived of real sex
for ages, not having had a slave pair to serve, while waiting for you two to be
taken. The only actual sex we have had, other than that between ourselves, has
been when we have been used by a slave pair whippers, after they had punished
us."

"Let's go and play!" Slut one cried, "Everyone must be clean enough by now, and
I can't wait to wallow in depraved lust again." There was general agreement with
this lewd suggestion, and we all climbed out of the bath. We all stood in a
small inlet in the wall, and soft, warm air wafted over our dripping bodies,
drying them in the most sensual fashion imaginable. As soon as we were dry the
two slave girls dragged us off to the enormous, silk covered bed where we were
all to sleep, if only for a few seconds, if what I had been told was true. But
before that we had a few hours of unbridled sexual activity to engage in, for,
after all, it was twat one, and my duty to satisfy these two adorable young
nymphomaniacs.

We all collapsed on the huge bed and slut one projected excitedly, "Slut two and
I had a little contest when we were first informed that you had been taken, and
I won. I get first choice of how we are to take our pleasure with you, and I
have decided. Slut two, you are to fuck cock one's big prick with your hot,
tight little arsehole. At the same time you are going to double fist fuck his
drooling cunt pit, while you tongue tease his woman cock. Cock one, you are to
slip all your fingers into slut two's silky cunt tube, and then use both thumbs
to frig her puny little girl prick. That takes care of you two, for now." I
cuddled the cute slut two, while her slave twin was delivering her wanton
instructions, petting her stiff little girl prick while she erotically suckled
on my throbbing teats.

"I'm going to fuck my own little arse pit on your big stiff prick, twat one, and
you can have the pleasure of feasting on my pussy while I do so. Cock one can
stare at your succulent arse ring and dream about lapping it with his lewd
tongue while we all fuck. I'm going lap your delicious, stiff, hot woman cock
with my tongue. There, no one's sex meat will be unattended, and we all have
plenty of wanton actions to immerse our depraved desires in. See how clever I
am. Now, let's get ourselves into position so we can start." We began to arrange
our naked bodies so that the instructions the lewd little slut had given could
be accomplished. While engaged in this, and with all our hearts pounding with
growing lust, the wanton slut one made one more announcement.

"Slut two, you and I are going to have our own little contest. The one whose
hot, tight arse tube extracts three loads from the cock it fucks first, will
have lost. The winner's prize will be to sleep with her partner's tongue buried
up her cunt pit. The loser will have to make do with sleeping with a tongue
slipped into her fucked out, sloppy arse tube." Twat one began a petulant
protest at the fact that I knew how to control a prick much better than she,
whose new cock had yet to come, even once, then realised that it didn't matter.
In fact, she would have rather lost, so she could suck her own ball cream from
slut one's ravishing arse tube.

I lay on my back and slut two crouched over my crotch. She reached down and
pulled my achingly stiff prick up until she was able to position its swollen
head against the tight ring of her arsehole. She wiped the re-cum that dripped
from its slit into her anal pout, to moisten it, and then, with a look of pure
unadulterated lust transforming her features from those of a young, playful girl
into those of an age old harlot, she sat on the huge, throbbing lust stalk, and
it oozed into her incredibly tight, and amazingly hot arse shaft. Inch after
inch of my wildly pulsating cock stem disappeared into the slave girl, her
breath becoming more and more ragged with each. I watched in awe as my prick
vanished into that snug writhing pit, until the lewd slut's shapely arse cheeks
rested on the tops of my thighs, and an expression of pristine, depraved rapture
again transformed her pretty face. "No starting until everyone's ready!" Came
the thought projection from slut one, "Or the contest won't be fair!"

This exhortation did not stop slut two from joining her hands together and,
without any form of preparation of it for the violent intrusion, drove both
deeply into my velvety cunt pit. I squealed silently, with a blend of shock and
delight while the slut's hands, wrists, and close to half the lengths of her
slender forearms were driven into my spasming hole. I basked in sheer depraved
enchantment. I was, for the first time, experiencing what it felt like to be
female, and I adored the sensation. My newly formed girl prick was as stiff as
steel, and throbbed with pleasure.

I reached down with both hands and drove all four fingers of each into the hot,
wet, silky sleave of slut two's excited pussy. I used the fingers to separate
the slut's pussy lips so that the balls of my thumbs were able to massage the
rock hard spike of her stiff, throbbing girl prick. A hand suddenly grasped my
chin and pulled my head back until my eyes were filled with the luscious sight
of twat one's widely split arse cheeks, and glistening, widely splayed cunt
split, and, of course, the pretty little rosebud of her delicious arse ring. My
long, lewd tongue, as if it had a mind of its own, shot out of my mouth, and its
wriggling tip attempted to tease the slave girl's wanton arse pout. I found, to
my complete amazement, and utter devastation, that no matter how hard I tried, I
could not actually get my tongue to touch twat one.

Slut one, picking up my almost frantic thought pattern, interjected with an
answer to my predicament, "Cock one, as far as I know sex slave pairs are not
permitted to engage in acts of sexual depravity with each other, or even to
touch each other, unless in the chamber of the Divine God Heroditas and the
Divine Goddess Aphrodisia. You are dedicated to the service of others, not
yourselves. So you'll just have to make do with the mere sight of twat one's
luscious arse ring for now." I was devastated, and so was twat one, from the
tenure of her thoughts. We were to be denied pleasures with each other, that we
had previously taken for granted. Of one thing, of course, there would be no
doubt, when permitted to rut with each other, for the amusement of the deities,
our performance would certainly be exquisitely enhanced by such awful denial. To
be forced to remain within ten feet of a naked twat one, and not be able to take
pleasure with her, or even touch her was going to be a constant source of
constant frustration for both of us. In truth, as will be seen, this state of
affairs was not to cause the bitter disappointment we now thought it would.

The ceiling of our chamber was completely mirrored, and so, because of the new
position of my head, I was given a panoramic view of our gloriously nude bodies.
I took in the depraved sight of my pounding prick base stretching slut two's
tight arse ring cruelly, my fingers spreading her drenched cunt split so lewdly
wide, her hands buried up my own twat chasm before her head dropped, and denied
my field of vision this part of the erotic tableau. I allowed my eyes to drift
up, and was greeted by the sight of slut one, perched over twat one's huge tits,
with about half the length of twat one's huge cock buried up her tight arse
hole. I watched as twat one threw her head forward, and buried her face in the
swamp of slut one's drooling cunt split.

"Now, we can start!" The lascivious little slut projected, her thought pattern
laced with licentious enthusiasm. She then arched her back so amazingly that her
lovely features faced my own face, and was only a few inches from it. The cute
little slut's eyes twinkled sheer depraved pleasure when, after using her tiny
fingers to stretch the plump lips of twat one's already spread cunt split even
wider, she poked out her pink tongue, and began to tease the pulsating length of
twat one's stiff girl prick.

To a veritable chorus of telepathic squeals of sheer lust, and exquisite sexual
pleasure all of us went into action. Slave pair body sluts' tight arse rings
began to slide up and down the rigid poles of twat one, and my cocks with
maddening slowness, at first. My fingers massaged the velvety interior of slut
two's dripping cunt pit with sensuous persistence, and my thumbs masturbated her
stiff girl prick with ever increasing vigour. My senses reeled at the exquisite
sensations flooding me from the punching of the lewd little slut's fists in and
out of my spasming cunt tube, not to mention the delightful sensations of her
wriggling tongue on my pulsing, steel hard girl prick. Slut one's agile tongue
flicked incessantly at twat one's burgeoning girl prick, while twat one
reciprocated by feasting ravenously on her slave girl's dripping twat gash.

I marvelled at the exquisite pleasure of owning a cunt, and having it so
thoroughly, and delightfully teased. The sensations were gloriously sexy, and
clearly matched those, more familiar, ones that filled my senses from the
stimulation of my throbbing cock by tight, hot arse chute. My thoughts sang with
pleasure, and lust filled euphoria. I dreamed, wantonly, that my own long, lewd
tongue was actually lapping and laving at the pulsating ring of twat one's
twitching arsehole, as my lust matured. Soon our bodies were shaking and
shuddering with sexual exhilaration.

My new cunt split, with my obvious lack of experience in controlling it, was the
first to climax, and released a veritable flood of ripe female sex juice. Slut
two's tongue momentarily abandoned its exquisite stimulation of my jerking woman
cock, and her voracious mouth eagerly slurped up the juices flowing from my
convulsing twat trench. I shrieked in ecstasy while my exploding cunt split
gushed uncontrollably, and my hot, throbbing cock pulsed wildly in the hot,
tight confines of the slave girl's writhing arse chute. My thumbs, now squeezing
and masturbating the lewd slut's pulsating girl prick with extreme vigour,
caused her swollen, excited cunt to explode, and it took all my concentration,
despite my own bursting ecstasy, to ensure that my spastically wriggling fingers
remained deeply buried up the rapidly flooding, ecstatically rippling cavern.

Twat one's cock, suffering from her inexperience in controlling its reactions to
intense stimulation, suddenly erupted, flooding slut one's writhing arse pit in
a sea of man juice. Twat one's avid mouth was almost instantaneously feasting on
the fresh young cunt cream of the delightfully lascivious slave girl as her
clever tongue teased it to cataclysmic orgasm. I could hold back no longer, and
my prick exploded in ecstasy, and the hot cream of my ball spurted from it tip
like a geyser, bathing the rippling walls of slut two's arse chute with a deluge
of sex lava.

After a few minutes out mental shrieks of sexual pleasure began to ebb to mere
moans. Never the less we were all soon back at work, stimulating each other to
renewed levels of lust and wanton desire. We teased and aroused each other with
single minded devotion until we were all, once again, surrendering to
uncontrollable ecstasy. Our cunts were driven to climax after climax. The slave
pair body sluts' arse pits became sloppy and loose from the constant attentions
of cocks reaming them out so thoroughly, and drowning them in oceans of rich,
hot man juice. I dreamt my long tongue had wound up with half its length
spearing twat one's pungent, convulsing arse ring, and I imagined the thrilling
sensation of her anal ring squeezing it hard each time her pleasure peaked.

We immersed ourselves in a never ending frenzy of orgiastic sexual lust. Our
cunts came and came and, even though the instructions of slut one only called
for three cock spits, our cocks exploded at least twice that many times, until
my balls, and, no doubt, those of twat one, ached and ached. Eventually we were
exhausted physically, although not mentally, and could no longer go on. The two
cute, sex crazed slave girls reluctantly allowed our spent pricks to slip from
their well fucked arse chasms and fell into our arms to be hugged and kissed
lovingly.

"Who won?" Slut two dreamily inquired. "No matter," The deliciously depraved
slut two rejoined, "We both have drenched arse pits that need to be sucked
clean, so slave pair twat-cock can both sleep with their lewd tongues buried up
our arses. I was suddenly desperately tired, and pressed my face into the fleshy
split between the gorgeous slut one's plump, shapely arse cheeks. My long tongue
slipped into her dripping anal ring, and I thrilled to the ripe flavours of twat
one's cock cream, then realised that it tasted remarkably similar to my own. I
drifted off to sleep, my mouth subconsciously sucking the ocean of cock cream
from the arse pit, swallowing it with sated contentment. A warm mouth closed
over the head of my satiated prick and nursed on it tenderly. My last thought
before a deep sleep overcame me, was that I didn't even know whose mouth it was,
not that it mattered.




Chapter 12 - A day in the Fields

I came awake with a start, slut two shaking me vigorously. "Hurry up, cock one!
The Master is due soon, and I have to make sure you are prepared. You are to
serve in the fields today." I slid off the plush, silk covered bed, and was
quickly drawn to the bath alcove by the slave girl. Slut one was attending to
twat one in the same way. We were quickly bathed and dried. Gone was the
sexually stimulated playfulness of slave pair body sluts of the pervious night.
They were now all strictly business as they attended to our grooming with well
practiced expertise.

I was surprised to find that I was completely refreshed, and wide awake. After
the excesses of the night before, and so little sleep, I expected to be still
tired and lethargic. The fact that the passage of time happened differently in
the realm was obviously true. The other thing that amazed me was the fact that
my balls were full and round again, brimming with sap, not withstanding the
amount of juice they had shed the night before. It was now all business. Our
long hair was brushed out until it shone, and then tied into pony tails. Soft
leather sandals were strapped to our feet, and we were urged to the large square
slave mat that lay on the floor of our chamber, immediately before the door.

No sooner had we knelt in readiness than the door opened, and Overlord Sextius
swept into the room. He was flanked by an overseer of lesser rank, and,
ominously, a slave pair whippers. After a quick inspection of our bodies
Overlord Sextius commanded us to follow. Once we had left the chamber, and the
door had been closed I, remembering Overlord Sextius' announcement that I was to
pleasure the door slave each time his prick/handle was used, crouched before the
captured male and prepared to suck his stiff, throbbing cock off. A line of fire
erupting on my arse slabs caused me to squeal in pain, and stop immediately. "I
said, each time you enter your chamber, cock one. Not when you are leaving it!"
Overlord Sextius projected angrily.

As we crawled off down the hallway I noted an expression of disappointment
momentarily flash across the features of the door slave. It matched my own, for
I had wanted to suck his beautiful cock off just as desperately as he yearned
for it to be sucked. My arse cheeks still stung with hurt while we moved down
towards the main doors of the palace. The door were swung open, and we ventured
out into the perfect sunlight. The day was glorious, pleasantly warm, with a
breath of breeze fluttering the emerald green of the trees that lined the sandy
driveway.

For nude stable slaves stood patiently, holding the reins of saddled unicorns
for the overseers and slave pair whippers. The young males' pricks snapped to
wanton attention immediately they came under the influence of Overlord Sextius.
They handed each dominant a set of reins, and then ran off to the stables, their
pricks collapsing as soon as they were out of range of the maddening fragrance
of the overlord. Long chains were quickly attached to the rings in front of our
collars, and the four dominants mounted their legendary steeds.

Our bizarre group trotted off, with twat one and I running along behind, out
huge tits flopping around on our chests, and out long, limp pricks swinging
wildly with our gaits. After about five minutes, during which we had worked up
quite a sweat, the unicorns were drawn to a halt before two naked male slaves,
busily tending to a patch of vegetables. The two slaves looked up when we
approached, their cocks springing to throbbing erection in the presence of
Overlord Sextius.

"Slave pair twat-cock, suck these slaves off. Be quick about it! We have a lot
of slaves to service before the day is out." Overlord Sextius commanded. Twat
one and I had our eager mouths full of hot, pounding prick almost before the
Master's order had been completed. Within a minute my talented mouth had caused
the long, thick cock buried down my throat to explode in ecstasy, and I wildly
gulped down the streams of aromatic cock cream it surrendered. I allowed the
spent, but still achingly stiff prick to escape the sensual clutches of my mouth
as soon as I had drained the slave's balls of every drop of their juice. Twat
one also achieved her erotically demeaning task in a similar time.

As soon as we had drained this pair of slaves Overlord Sextius, and the slave
pair whippers, re-mounted their steeds, and we all trotted off towards the next
set of figures we could see in the distance. The other overseer remained with
the field slaves, who had returned to their toils immediately after we had
finished servicing them. Over the next four of five hours twat one and I must
have sucked off a hundred and forty to a hundred and fifty pairs of stiff,
throbbing cocks, and drank awesome amounts of ripe, musky ball cream. But,
perhaps the most harrowing aspect of our ordeal was the fact that we were
constantly within range of Overlord Sextius' potent aroma, and our cocks and
cunt splits remained constantly, acutely aroused.

Eventually we reached the outer limits of the realm, and Overlord Sextius called
a halt. He, and the slave pair whippers, dismounted and a couple of large bags
that had been tied to the pommels of the two steeds slave pair whippers road,
were detached. They emptied these bags to reveal the makings of a picnic. A
portable table and three foldable chairs had soon been set up, and a feast of
fruits set out on the table. Two large dog dishes were set on the ground next to
the table, and filled with large portions of the fruit salad.

Both twat one's, and my bellies ached with the need to void both our bowels and
bladders after the enormous amounts of cock cream we had consumed. Overlord
Sextius, sensing this, commanded us to relieve ourselves before we ate. We both
flushed with humiliation when we were led over to a small clump of bushes, and
required to accomplish this most private of bodily function in full view of the
dominants. It was going to be especially degrading for me, of course, because my
long cock remained strongly erect, and arched up my belly, and its position
would cause the stream of piss it surrendered to spurt uncomfortably close to my
face. Not withstanding our extreme humiliation, we still sighed with pleasure
while emptying our bowels and bladders, my stream of urine arching high into the
air, past my face, before splashing down onto the ground in front of me. The
earth seemed to be weirdly sponge like for, as soon as our urine and excrement
had fallen onto it, the waste disappeared, magically consumed by the rich earth.

"Twat one, I counted twelve occasions where you took longer than a minute to
drain the prick you were sucking of its juice. Cock one, you were seen to err on
ten occasions in this respect. Such tardy performance will not be tolerated. I
don't no how much later we would have been on the outward trek, had I not been
present to assist you by arousing the lusts of the slaves you serviced. Your
performance must improve." Overlord Sextius announced, telepathically. We
shuddered with shame and dread. We had displeased the Master. What would his
reaction be?

The answer, of course, was inevitable. "Present you fat tits for punishment
slave pair twat-cock!" He commanded, "Twat one, keep your lewd prick out of the
way!" He added menacingly, then addressed the slave pair whippers. "Slave pair
whippers, you will deliver a stroke of the cane to the udders of the slaves for
each cock it took them longer than a minute to drain, all strokes are to be
applied with maximum force and ferocity, and spaced so that as much of their tit
meat suffers as is possible. Slave pair twat-cock, you will count off each
stroke you receive, and beg, appropriately, for the next. Now, get into
position, and beg for you richly earned correction, you wilful sluts!"

Our hearts pounded with terrified excitement at the announcement of our
sentences. Twat one, no doubt, was wild with masochistic elation. I knew that
she adored having her massive tits beaten, but this form of torment was still
relatively new to me. The memory of the horrific agony I had suffered from the
brutal flogging of my tender tits after the episode with the door slave,
however, was still fresh in my mind, and my whole body shuddered with dreadful
anticipation. Never the less, my huge prick began to pulsate with masochistic
lust while I quickly adopted the servile posture required of a slave when its
tits were to be caned.

Twat one and I adopted identical poses, with one small difference, associated
with twat one. We both knelt, with our backs arched backwards, so that the
enormous, fleshy globes of out fabulous tits jutted straight up. I clasped my
hands submissively behind my head, but twat one had to use hers to savagely bend
her cock stem away from its normal position, arching up between her tits, to one
that had its dripping knob pointing down towards her drooling cunt split. These
poses, naturally enough, offered our delicate tits freely, and defencelessly for
the cruel punishment to come. I shuddered with excited anticipation of my
torment.

Each of the slave pair whippers unhooked the long thin cane that hung from his
utility belt, and took up a position next to one of us. They both raised their
long canes high over their heads, grasping the hand grips of the brutal
instrument of torture with both hands so that the maximum force would be brought
into play and waited. "Oh, adored slave pair whippers!" We projected in perfect
unison, "We are disgraced beyond pity by our slovenly performance which has so
displeased the worshipped Overlord Sextius, and beg to be punished without
mercy, to atone, in some small way, for it. We implore you, adored slave pair
whippers, cane our tits hard! Please! Please! Please! adored slave pair
whippers, cane our wilful tits with all your might!" After our abject pleas for
our horrifying punishment had been abjectly delivered slave pair whippers paused
momentarily, for effect, and then brought their barbaric canes flashing down
towards their deliciously presented targets.

Our shrieks of agony completely drowned out the sounds of echoing cracks caused
by the canes exploding against the bases of our awesomely suffering udders in
our own minds. The instant the shock of the agony flooding our brains ebbed
slightly we both savoured lines of fire burning our tits, and howled out in
mental anguish, and servile elation, "One! Adored slave pair whippers. I thank
you from the bottom of my heart for the exquisite punishment you inflict!
Worshipped Overlord Sextius, I am repentant beyond comprehension for having
displeased you with such pitiful performance, and can not hope to adequately
express my utter gratitude to you for allowing me to suffer so immaculately to
compensate for it. Please! Please! Please! Adored slave pair whippers, cane my
unruly tits Harder!"

The slave pair whippers were only too happy to accede to our servile entreaties,
and we wailed and howled in anguish with every brutally delivered slash. My
massive tits burned and throbbed in pain, but my brain sang with masochistic
joy, to the point where I actually raised my head slightly, so that I could see
the cane smashing so mercilessly into the firm delicate flesh of my acutely
suffering udders. I was in submissive paradise, and revelled in my anguish. With
each vicious stroke delivered, our expressions of gratitude became even more
crazed, and our pleas to be punished with increased savagery more fervent.

My punishment ceased before twat one's, she having two more strokes to receive
than I. I, however, still maintained my awkward punishment posture while twat
one's last two strokes were delivered. We then, as a pair, expressed our undying
gratitude to our tormentors for the merciless nature with which they attended to
our correction, and, after declaring our abject sorrow at having angered him,
begged Overlord Sextius for his forgiveness in the most abject, and servile of
tones.

With the ritual punishment completed we made to reward our tormentors with
sexual service, as we had been instructed to do before, but Overlord Sextius
halted us in our tracks, announcing that we could make up for this after the
day's duties had been completed. I don't know whether this pleased or displeased
the two muscular punishers, for their expressions never altered, even minutely,
and, of course, they did not communicate telepathically. We were then ordered to
eat, while the dominators did the same.

Twat one and I crawled over to our dog bowls and buried our mouths into the
delightful salad, slurping up the delicious fruit ravenously. I savoured the
delightful after glow permeating my burning, lividly striped tits while I ate,
as, naturally, did twat one. After licking my bowl clean I glanced over at twat
one and saw the lecherous creature was happily engaging in a deliciously obscene
game with the sweet juices still left from her salad. The lewd slut was dipping
the head of her throbbing prick into her bowl and, after liberally coating it
with fruit juices, using her licentious tongue to lick its satiny skin clean.

The impudent harlot, sensing that I was spying on her, leered at me lecherously,
leaving me in no doubt, that she was enjoying her obscene play, but more
importantly, making sure that I knew that it was a game only she could play. She
was not really serious, of course, her eyes betraying her love for me. "Finish
up, sluts!" Overlord Sextius snapped. "It's time for the second shift. I'm going
to leave you in the care of the slave pair whippers for the afternoon's duty,
but don't think that this means your performance won't be closely monitored. If
anything, they will keep a closer watch on you than I did this morning."

Overlord Sextius then addressed the slave pair whippers, "slave pair whippers,
slave pair twat-cock are required to offer their harlot arse pits for the
pleasure of the field slaves on the return trip. The time limit for their
service is raised to two minutes, as I will not be there to raise the lusts of
the slaves before they service them. Slave pair twat-cock are expected to tongue
their own arse pits clean after each service." The dominant concluded, causing
my face to flush with delicious shame at the prospect of sucking at my own arse
ring. Overlord Sextius then mounted his unicorn and trotted off towards the
distant palace.

As soon as he had left slave pair whippers cleaned up the picnic equipment and
loaded it back onto their mounts. The chains were then re-attached to our
collars, and we were again on our way. This time, because we were no longer
under the sexual influence of the overlord, our long pricks swung limply as we
ran along behind the dominants' steeds.

We approached the first pair of field slaves toiling away between rows of
vegetables. The slaves, on seeing us approach, ceased their labours, and their
long, thick cocks began to stiffen in anticipation of what was to come. I
breathed a sigh of relief, having feared that the slaves we were to service
might not be as eager without the arousing attendance of the Master, especially
since it was not all that long ago that we had first drained their pricks with
our avid mouths. The slave pair whippers dismounted, and we, in normal perfect
unison made our debauched offer, "Manly field slaves, I, slave pair twat-cock,
offer my lewd, harlot arse pit to you to fuck with your gorgeous, virile prick,
for your pleasure!"

We both then bent our bodies at the waist, the posture causing the slabs of our
nude arse cheeks to part widely, obscenely baring the rings of our arses, which
we then lewdly winked at them in depraved invitation. I sighed with wanton
happiness when the hot, blunt head of the slave's massive lust stalk pressed
insistently against my palpitating rosebud, and a surge of pure sexual adrenalin
surged through me when the huge knob forced its way past my tight opening, and
the thick length began to drive, relentlessly, into my warm tight hole.

As soon as the slave's entire length was inside me I began to roll and rut my
arse cheeks, and used the talented muscles within my writhing chute to squeeze
and ripple along the length of the buried prick, milking it with exquisite,
erotic sensuousness. Within a minute the slave's throbbing cock had begun to
jerk wildly, and each time his big, tight balls slapped against the swollen
bulbs of my own, I could feel that they were flexing wildly with his peaking
pleasure. Suddenly, almost without warning, I felt a strong spurt of creamy
prick juice bath the writhing walls of my spasming arse chute, and glowed with
contentment at having easily achieved my erotic task within the appointed time.

After bearing back, so that the entire length of the slave's rapidly softening
cock was enveloped within the warm, sloppy confines of my ecstatic arse pit, I
squeezed my stretched open arse ring tightly around its thick base, and squeezed
every drop of his prick juice out of it, while slowly allowing its meaty length
to escape the clutches of my arse. Immediately after the sated stalk flopped out
of my arse I turned, then swallowed its entire, soft length into my eager mouth
and industriously sucked it clean of the results of our lewd fucking.

I relinquished the now clean cock tube, and noticed that twat one too, had
already finished with her slave. My heart skipped a beat at the sheer depravity
of the obscene act she was now performing. She had folded her torso down on its
self, and her head was between her legs with her face wedged between her own
shapely arse cheeks. I didn't take a Rhode Scholar to guess what her lewd mouth
was doing. I emulated my partner in perversity, marvelling at the new suppleness
of my spine. My head slid down my chest and belly, and into the gap between my
legs until my face was a mere inch away from my arse slabs.

I reached around and tore the cheeks of my arse apart revealing the loose, cock
juice dripping pout of my anus. I revelled in the perverse sight for a second or
two, then drilled my tongue through the sloppy ring and drove it into the depths
of my arsehole, winding up with my lips glued to my own arse ring. Wave after
wave of delicious degradation swept through me as my eager mouth drained my own
slack arsehole of every drop of cock cream the field slave had deposited in it.
I swallowed the rancid mixture with sensations of submissive jubilation
dominating my thoughts. Oh how delightfully demeaning it was to suck your own
arsehole, especially after it had so recently been bathed in the sexual juices
of a virile cock.

A persistent tugging on the chain attached to my collar brought me back to
reality, and I reluctantly withdrew my long tongue from my clasping, pleasure
filled arse pit, and straightened up. The slave pair whippers were already
mounted, and soon we were off again. Twat one and I ran along behind the
unicorns, our fat, welted tits bouncing wildly, and our cock tubes slapping
loudly against our sweating bodies. Never the less, despite the quite strenuous
effort it took to maintain our pace with that of the animals, our minds were
filled with submissive joy. We had become what we had always yearned to become,
mindless sex slaves, dedicated to the service of others.

We serviced slave pair after slave pair and, even though our arseholes
inevitably became terribly tired though sheer over use, our devotion to the
perverse duty hardly flagged at all. Unfortunately, as we came closer to the
palace, and had serviced more and more pricks, it started to take us longer and
longer to bring each slave to orgasm. By the time we actually reached the
palace, and our tour of duty had been completed, each of us had earned sixty
seconds of the awful punishment Overlord Sextius had decreed that we receive for
substandard efficiency.

The slave pair whippers' steeds were taken away by a pair of naked stable
slaves, and the muscular punishers stood before our kneeling figures. Even
though they were incapable of actually communicating with us, we were left in no
doubt as to their intensions when they unhooked  riding quirts from their belts.
Remembering that Overlord Sextius had decreed that any punishment we had earned
be administered to our delicate balls prompted me to thrust my hips violently
forward in an endeavour to offer my swollen, aching nuts more freely to the
cruel whip. The whipper was not satisfied with this, however, and used the
business end of his whip to forced me down onto my back on the ground.

Continuing to use the whip to convey his wishes he soon had my body contorted
grotesquely, and positioned with humiliating obscenity. I wound up with my
shoulders flat on the ground. My legs, spread hideously wide, were folded back
along either side of my torso with my feet, on either side of my head. This
caused my feet and neck to form a tripod that allowed me to keep my balance. I
was forced to use the fingers of both hands to squeeze the base of my scrotum,
the effect being to present my aching balls, with the delicate, fleshy bulbs
rising above the level of stretched thighs, in a totally vulnerable offering. To
complete my humiliating predicament, the fat head, and two inches of the stalk
of my cock thrust into my mouth. Despite my degrading situation I could not stop
my mouth from beginning to suck languidly on the juicy head of my prick filling
it with sexual pleasure.

Twat one's posture was not as intricate as my own, but equally degrading. Her
body was presented in a fashion similar to that used for her earlier tit caning.
She was forced, however, to present her own balls for punishment in a similar
fashion to me, and her mouth had also swallowed a good third of the length of
her own long, thick cock. Perhaps the most terrifying aspect of our poses was
the fact that the swollen orbs of our tender balls were just a few inches away
from our staring eyes, we were going to be forced to watch the cruel punishment
being meted out to them in dreadful, graphic detail. The two punishers, once
they were satisfied with our servile poses, stood over, and between our rudely
splayed thighs.

The two cruel whippers looked at each other for a few seconds, then raised their
brutal whips high. My eyes stared at my bizarrely presented balls, and surges of
terror flashed through my consciousness. The slave pair whippers brought their
whips streaking down towards the freely offered targets with all the force they
could muster. My brain exploded in agony when the lash of the whip sliced
barbarous into the soft meat of my balls. The gut wrenching pain that assailed
me was close to unbearable, and my shrieks of anguish joined those of twat one,
in totally dominating the telepathic sphere.

The heartless punishers thrashed our suffering balls at a truly terrifying pace.
My eyes bugged with the sheer shock of it, being forced, as they were, to
observe each lash as it sliced deeply into the tortured orbs, leaving, in its
wake, a livid welt on the delicate skin of the ball bag. My balls throbbed with
gut wrenching agony, and my howls and wails of anguish rose in intensity the
longer the barbaric flogging went on. My teeth ground into the steel hard meat
of my prick stalk, but the pain this caused hardly even registered in my fevered
brain, such was the agony flooding my flayed balls.

Thirty seconds into the vicious scourging of our balls our projected howls of
pain and suffering began to change in tenure. The further we slipped into a
state of masochistic bliss, the more our thought projections became impassioned
pleas to our tormentors to increase the savagery with which they lashed our
suffering balls, laced with expressions of our utter adoration of them, and
impassioned gratitude to them for punishing us so beautifully. I don't know
whether the slave pair whippers understood our entreaties or not, but I could
have sworn the one thrashing my anguished nuts did indeed increase both the
pace, and force with which he wielded his barbaric whip as time went on.

My brain sang in masochistic rapture while my consciousness howled out begging,
imploring demands that the punisher thrash my welted, grotesquely swollen balls
more and more viscously and brutally. The balls were becoming more and more
swollen, and battered in appearance, and I found my fingers, wrapped around
their base, squeezing more and more tightly, in an endeavour to present the pain
soaked orbs in a more tender, and defenceless fashion to the ruthless tormentor.

As abruptly as it had begun, the merciless flogging of our tortured balls
ceased, and we were left in a state of eerie disappointment. The strength of our
projected squeals and howls of anguished suffering abated, slowly, until they
were mere moans. My wide eyes stared in awe at the sight of my tormented balls.
The fragile fleshy bulbs had swollen fabulously, and the delicate, stretched
skin that contained them was covered with ugly welts and abrasions, some of
which actually dripped with blood.

Whip two tapped my fingers with the end of his whip, and I dutifully released my
abused balls. I was astounded to see that the pain soaked masses remained in
their vulnerable position, protruding over the tops of my knotted thighs,
despite the fact that my fingers no longer assisted them to do this. The whipper
tapped the tops of the bulbs, eliciting a slight shriek of renewed agony from my
fevered brain, then slid the tip of the whip down the length of that section of
my prick stalk not buried in my now ardently sucking mouth. It soon became
obvious that he was signalling me to suck my prick to climax.

I flushed with humiliated joy at this development, and my mouth, and tongue,
became more passionate in their obscene sucking in response. Almost immediately
the hedonistic pleasure filling my mind began to rival the pain and suffering of
the ball whipping. The hot, juicy head of my pleasure soaked cock swelled in my
mouth, and my tormented balls began to flex as their juices started to stir. I
teased the nerve filled knob with my avid tongue, to drive it to inevitable
eruption.

Just when the ecstasy in my mind was reaching unbearable heights, and my muscles
were rippling uncontrollably, whip two reached down and grasped my writhing
balls in one mighty fist, and squeezed them savagely. This act of sublime
cruelty sent me over the edge, and I shrieked with debauched delight while my
cock exploded. Stream after stream of thick, hot, spicy ball cream gushed from
the tip of my ecstatic prick head, and flooded the back of my wildly gulping
throat. My senses were completely saturated with the flavours and textures of
male sex cream. I wallowed in my depravity while I joyfully savoured, then
avidly swallowed my own, profusely flowing prick juice. The sadistic dominant
cruelly wrung the last dregs of juice from my tormented balls before releasing
their slack, empty masses from his grasp, and my eager tongue avidly coaxed
every drop from my softening cock stem, then cleaned it thoroughly.

We were prodded back onto our knees by slave pair whippers, one of whom opened
the huge, mansion doors. We crawled into the cool interior and were led to our
chamber. It was unusual to see the living sculptures' sex meat showing no
reaction to our passing. I noticed, further down the hallway, that slave pair
pricks, attended by an overseer, were busily engaged in sucking the cocks of two
of the male statues. When we reached our door the slave door handle remained
limp. Never the less, whip one grasped it tightly, and opened the door.
Remembering my duty, immediately the door had swung open, and whip one had
relinquished the limp, fleshy, `handle', I rose up and sucked that soft tube of
male sexuality deeply into my hot, wet mouth.

Within seconds my depraved, and sensually talented mouth had the slave's cock
stiff an throbbing, and before thirty seconds had passed it had bathed the back
of my throat with a deluge of musky man juice which I, naturally, swallowed with
deliciously submissive pleasure. Twat one and I then crawled into our chamber,
and the slave pair whippers left us alone with our delightful slave pair body
sluts.

It had became obvious that slut one had adopted twat one as her special
favourite, and slut two afforded me the same status. The two slave girls dragged
us to the bath alcove, tenderly petting our battered balls and welted tits,
while cooing in sympathy at our recent suffering. We were quickly bathed, and
our punished flesh soothed and treated with miraculous healing balms. We then
sat down to eat a wholesome meal of delicious fruits and vegetables. "I hope
you're horny slave pair twat-cock," The outgoing slut one declared, "Because
slut two and I have been consumed by wanton lust all day, and we are eager to
have you fuck us senseless." The depraved little whore concluded, her thought
pattern taking on a demanding timbre. Twat one and I happily, and wantonly
catered to the slave girls' obvious needs.

Over the next couple of hours we teased their stiff, throbbing little girl
pricks to countless orgasms, and fucked their hot, wet cunt pits deeply with our
long, thick cocks, and flooding their depths with huge outpourings of our male
sex juices. We fucked and sucked the cute, insatiable little harlots to pure
physical exhaustion, evidenced by an abrupt slackening of internal muscles of
slut two's velvety cuntal sleave when my aching cock stalk filled it to capacity
for the umpteenth time, "Are your depraved brains fucked out, little whore?" I
projected teasingly, staring into her beautiful, love filled eyes, and squeezing
the plump mounds of her pert young tits tenderly.

"Oh, yes, darling cock one." The little harlot sighed happily, "My depraved cunt
split is exhausted. You fuck a slut so beautifully. Your gorgeous fuck stalk, I
love it so. Can I sleep with it in my mouth, please, please, darling cock one, I
beg you! Let me! Let me! You can sleep with your tongue in my twat pit if you
let me. There's plenty of luscious fuck juice for you to feast on down there.
You'll love that, won't you?" The adorable little harlot begged, as if I
actually needed any tempting to sleep in the depraved fashion she begged for so
lasciviously. Soon we were curled up and sleeping deeply, my lips glued to slit
two's mouth-watering cunt split, and my long tongue thrust deeply into her
clasping twat cave, and slut two's warm mouth enveloping my sated cock head,
which she suckled on contentedly. My last conscious sensation, before I drifted
off, was the luscious flavours that can only be arrived at by the mixing of male
and female sexual essences in a wanton twat pit.




Chapter 13 - Servicing the Domestics

We were used to service field slaves for the next twenty or so days without
change. We even managed, on a few occasions, to complete a day without earning
any punishment for below standard performance. I'm not sure whether twat one and
I saw this as a good or bad for us. As our sexual depravity burgeoned, under the
influence of the realm, so did our masochistic yearnings. Thus it was almost a
conundrum for us when our performance was perfect, and thus we were denied the
joys of punishment. But somehow, it seemed ingrained in our psyches, to strive
for perfection. In fact, of course, although neither of us realised it until
much later, we were being conditioned to perceive cruel and unnatural punishment
as our greatest reward, rather than a form of correction.

Overlord Sextius never, after that first day, accompanied us on our trips to the
fields, leaving it to overseers of lower station to supervise our activities.
Not being in the overlord's presence was a double edged sword when it came to
our situation. On the one hand, we were not subjected to acute arousal all the
time, but, on the other, the slaves we were required to service were also not
reduced to a state of blind sexual need that his mere presence would have
engendered, even before we went to work on them. I must admit, however, that,
after a few visits by twat one and I, the slaves always seemed to become quite
aroused whenever they saw us coming. Perhaps it was our natural, and bizarre
sexuality, or the enthusiasm we showed while catering to their hedonistic needs,
but more likely, the depraved talents of our mouths, and cunt and arse pits that
excited them, especially as we always seemed to dream up new, and exciting ways
to bring them off.

The fact is, we rarely saw Overlord Sextius in those days and weeks, and began
to yearn for the excitement of his potent presence. Not just to revel in the
glorious arousal he engendered in our servile bodies, but also because we had
not, as yet, been permitted to worship his twin symbols of naked sexuality, and
our desire to do so was becoming almost an obsession. We quizzed slave pair body
sluts about Overlord Sextius, and found that, not only had they never been
permitted to pleasure him, they had never even seen him pleasured. Twat one and
I were the only ones who had ever played with slave pair body sluts sexually.
Slut two, curled up in my lap after a particularly frenzied session of arse
fucking one night, explained that sexual dedication among body service slaves
was part of the regime, and she and slut one were dedicated to me and twat one.
She and slut one had never had sex with any one other than us in the entire time
that they had been in the realm, and , in all probability, never would. The cute
little harlot expressed her total happiness with her lot, saying that she and
her twin had lovely big pricks, gorgeous, massive tits, and succulent, juicy,
cunt splits to play with, and who could ask for more. Over time my love for the
cute, sensual little sexy slut two grew and grew. She explained to me that she
had fallen in love with me the first time she had laid eyes on me. I suspect the
same was true between twat one and slut one. This is not to say that my feelings
for my beloved twat one had, in any sense, waned. They had not, and neither had
hers, for me. But, being denied the ability to even touch each other, let alone
lose ourselves in sexual lust together, certainly lent itself to us forming
quite deep emotional attachments to the delightful little sluts charged with
attending us. Twat one and I yearned for the day when we would be permitted to
entertain the deities, and not just because the memory of the sheer sexual
intensity of contact with them was so inviting, but also because sessions in
their presence were to be the only occasions during which twat one and I would
be permitted to perform sexually with each other.

Our door opened, and Overlord Sextius strode into the chamber. All four of us
immediately knelt before him, the slave pair body sluts off to either side of
twat one and I. Our nude bodies shuddered with lust in his presence, our sexual
equipment throbbing and pulsating in wanton yearning, while we lewdly flaunted
ourselves at the powerful overlord in exhibitions of immaculate sexual
submission. Our stiff, aching pricks dripped profusely with pre-cum, and our
cunt splits flooded with the juices of female lust while we eagerly awaited the
overlord's pleasure.

"Today, slave pair twat-cock," He projected. "You are to be introduced to the
pleasures of servicing domestic slaves, including those used for decorative
purposes. You will, no doubt, be particularly enthusiastic in your service to
the kitchen slaves, to show your gratitude to them for the delicious repasts
they prepare for you. Kitchen slaves have a different status to all other slaves
in the realm. They are considered higher beings, in the scheme of things, and
are to be approached with due deference because of this.These slaves were taken
for their culinary talents, rather than their looks, and are consequently quite
jealous of the beauty of their fellow vassals, especially that of sex slaves,
such as yourselves. Because of this, you are not only required to give them
exquisite pleasure, but also to cater to their egos, to make them feel as though
they are special, and entirely deserving of your adoration." Overlord Sextius
disclosed, smiling down mockingly at our obscenely rutting bodies.

"I will accompany you for the first hour of your shift. Not because my presence
might be needed to supervise you performance, but rather to point out to you
where your duties will take you. You will be left to your own devices from then
on, as all my other overseers are busy at present. A slave pair whippers,
however, will attend you when you service the kitchen staff, and extreme
punishment will be meted out to you should your efforts in pleasing these
particular slaves in the manner I have described lack even in the minutest
amount of servility." Overlord Sextius concluded, turning, then striding from
the room.

Twat one and I crawled off after the dominant, our brains buzzing with
excitement at the prospect of this new form of service. While I adored servicing
the field slaves I have to admit I was ready for a change in environment.
Overlord Sextius took us down the full length of the magnificent hallway, his
aura causing acute stimulation in the living statues as we passed them. At the
far end of the passage he pointed out the door to the kitchen, then turned
around and we made our way back to the entrance of the palace.

On the way we paused for a few minutes at the picture window I described
earlier. My heart pounded with lust and wonder at the sight that greeted us this
time. The five throne slaves had all been hung by their fabulous tits. Three
inch wide straps had been cinched around the bases of their massive, soft white
udders, causing the enormous mounds to bulge and swell grotesquely, and they had
been suspended from an over head beam by ropes through rings on the tops of
these straps. The legs of the slaves were spread excruciatingly wide, and their
ankles and wrists were shackled together.

All six slave pairs whippers were attending to the hanging slaves. Bull whips
flogged their huge tits mercilessly, the heavy braided leather lashes cracking
into the swollen tits leaving horrific welts in their wake that dripped with
blood. Brutal maces pounded the splayed, swollen, bleeding cuntal trenches of
the punished slaves ferociously. Slave pair cunts knelt to one side of the
hanging slaves, expressions that could only be interpreted as fearful, on their
beautiful faces.

The barbaric whipping of the slave women continued relentlessly while we
watched. Faint projections of their howls and wails of suffering managed to
penetrate the thick glass of the huge window. I was astonished to realise that
the horrifically suffering women were actually begging and pleading to their
sadistic tormentors to thrash their agony soaked tits and cunts harder, and
faster. They were actually mocking their punishers by questioning their
strength, goading the cruel dominators to more vicious, merciless efforts all
the time. I could not believe what I was both seeing and hearing. How could
these bizarre creatures bear their suffering, let alone plead for it to
continue, and be delivered ever more mercilessly and barbarically.

"These throne slaves have just completed a shift in the chamber of the Gods."
Overlord Sextius explained. "Sustained, and close contact with Divine God
Heroditas and Divine Goddess Aphrodisia have driven them insane with lust. The
slave pairs whippers are working to lower the level of their sexual cravings to
an intensity that will not put the well being of slave pair cunts at risk when
the throne slaves are permitted to slake their lusts with them. If slave pair
cunts were given to them without this preparation the throne slaves might well
actually tear them apart, such is the level of their insane lust when first
released as thrones. You two will find out what service to throne slaves means
soon enough."

We moved off again, and soon reached the huge main doors. We knelt, rutting
obscenely, before Overlord Sextius, and received our final instructions. "You
will service all door and decorative slaves, and finally kitchen slaves in
continual rotations for the entire shift. You are expected to achieve a minimum
of three full rotations within the time available, and can expect to receive
severe punishment should you fall short of this target. The bondage of door and
decorative slaves is such that you will be able to service them with no
loosening of their bonds. You are permitted, of course, to rise from your knees
in achieving their relief. Further, you are required to make your service to
theses slaves as varied and exciting as possible for them. They are incapable of
communicating their desires to you, so your own imaginations are to be tested to
the full in anticipating such desires. You will also be permitted to allow these
slaves to partake of the sexual essences of your own sexuality from time to
time." Overlord Sextius concluded, then commanded us to begin.

Twat one and I crawled to the first living sculpture. It depicted a single male
suspended by his wrists with his ankles strapped to them so that his naked body,
so beautiful that it made my heart ache, formed a sort of `W'. The slave could
not move a muscle, such was the stringent nature of his bondage, but, when he
saw us approaching his glorious prick stiffened, until it arched up, and out
from his smooth crotch like a beautiful beacon of depraved lust, and his big,
sap filled balls hung delightfully below the rounds of his smooth skinned arse
cheeks. My mouth watered with longing just staring at the decorative slave's
beautiful cock, as, I'm sure did twat one's.

Strangely, twat one's normal policy of ensuring that it was she who made all the
sexual decisions for us didn't seem to apply any more. Instead of insisting that
she be first to suck that gorgeous prick she levered her plush nudity up the
slave's body, using available parts of his nude body, and any other convenient
handholds she could find to stabilise and support her body, then fed the slave's
hungry mouth the succulent meat of her juicy cunt split. I needed no prompting
to begin my part in the slave's service. I sighed with happiness as I closed my
lips around the ripe juicy head of the slave's ravishing, hot prick. My taste
buds immediately came alive to the delectable flavours of aroused male
sexuality. My agile tongue teased the cock head with sublime flair, and it
swelled, and began to throb wildly in response to my erotic talents.

I could hear wild sounds of sucking and slurping from above. The decorative
slave was obviously delighted to be given access to a juicy, flowing twat swamp,
and he slurped at it like a starving animal, and he was, I suppose, considering
how he was forced to spend the vast majority of his time. In light of our
service target, I was not able to savour the sensation of the slave's lovely,
stiff, hot prick just filling my mouth for long, and soon began to suck on it
with unrestrained passion, driving its delectable length in and out of my throat
with perfectly perverted joy.

The slave could not stand my clever attentions for long. His throbbing prick
soon began to jerk uncontrollably in my working mouth, and I prepared myself for
the flood of hot man juice that must surely flow into my eager mouth in a matter
of seconds. I was not wrong, a stream of hot creamy, male sex fluid splashed
warmly against the back of my throat, its luscious musky ambience filling me
with happiness and contentment. I swallowed the gushing cream hungrily, enjoying
every mouth-watering drop to the full. My voracious mouth drained the pleasure
filled slave's balls like a vacuum cleaner gone mad.

Twat one was already climbing down from her perch at the slave's head by the
time I allowed the spent cock to slip from my mouth. She grinned at me impishly,
and I realised that she had taken her own pleasure through the captive's mouth,
while I had sucked him off. Perhaps she had won, but, as I savoured the after
taste of the slave's delicious cock cream, now slowly cooling in my contented
belly, I doubted it. She, of course, read my thoughts and her expression had
soon changed to one of confusion, rather than triumph.

We crawled off to the next statue, again a sole male caught in intricate bondage
that accentuated his sexuality. This time twat one swallowed the slave's long,
stiff cock in one huge gulp, and sucked at it like her very life depended on
causing its inevitable eruption. I had hardly even began to enjoy this
decorative slave's avid mouth on my own flowing cunt split, before twat one had
drained his swollen balls of their hot sap. I reluctantly withdrew my swollen,
dripping cunt from the panting slave's mouth, enjoying one last, liquid swipe of
his long tongue on my pulsing girl prick before I did.

Twat one again grinned at me, knowing that she had sucked the slave's cream from
him well before his mouth had had the chance to get me off. I shrugged my
shoulders at her in a sign of surrender, and we crawled off to our next target.
This living sculpture was made up of two figures, one male, and the other
female. Both slaves were of indescribable beauty. I tugged at the stiff teats of
the female slave while driving my stiff, aching cock up her tight arse pit, and
fucking it slowly and tantalisingly while, at the same time. burying my face in
her smooth groin and ploughing my agile tongue into her drooling cuntal sleave.

My nose buffeted the slave girl's stiff, throbbing girl prick while the tip of
my tongue stimulated the mouth of her womb until her pussy released a flood of
spicy woman cum. While I worked on the female twat one used her insatiable cunt
tube to wring the cream from the cock of the male half of the decorative duo,
while she allowed both slaves to use their mouths on her long, thick cock,
although not actually allowing them to feast on her fragrant ball cream.

We went on from living statue to living statue, fucking, or sucking the captive
slaves to shattering orgasms. Allowing them to taste our own sexuality, both
male and female while we pleasured them. By the time we passed the picture
window we saw that the throne slaves had been released from their horrific
torture bondage, and were now engaged in an orgy of depraved lesbian sex with
slave pair cunts. Mouths sucked passionately at arse rings, teats, and girl
pricks. Dildos of monumental proportions were being plunged into dripping cunt
pits, and tight ravenous arse tubes in wild abandon. The naked bodies of all
concerned glistened with sticky female sex cream. All concerned seemed to be
enjoying their surrender to uncontrolled depravity immensely, although slave
pair cunts were beginning to look tired and exhausted, physically. A look into
their eyes, however, soon showed that their minds did not share this fatigue.

Twat one an I went on. We serviced slave after slave sexually with sublime
lasciviousness, until we had finally reached the other end of the bizarre
hallway. By that time our own wanton lusts had been heightened amazingly. We
had, by instinct, I suggest, not allowed our own stiff, aching pricks to climax
while pleasuring the living sculptures, and door slaves, although our drooling
cunts had erupted in orgasm on many occasions. It was as if we were deliberately
saving the cream of our juicy pricks for the pleasure of the kitchen slaves.

We paused, momentarily, before the kitchen door, twat one rapidly sucking the
door slave's cock to throbbing erection, then just as quickly draining the
captive's big balls with her talented mouth. We then dragged the heavy door
open, and crawled into the large room beyond. Our eyes widened with utter
surprise. To date, all the slaves we had seen in the realm had all been, at the
very minimum, quite young, and definitely attractive, if not down right
beautiful in appearance. This was definitely not the case in the kitchen.

There were ten naked slaves working at food preparation in the large, well
appointed kitchen, seven females, and three males. Most of the slaves were
middle aged, and all seemed to be over weight, if not downright fat. The pricks
of the males were small, or at least appeared to be small, given the fact that
they were dwarfed by their hanging bellies. The twat swamps of a couple of the
more obese females were not even visible because of the rolls of flesh that
drooped from their bellies.

The first couple, whose attention was drawn by our arrival, stopped what they
were doing, and stared at us in excited awe. I now realised what Overlord
Sextius had meant when he warned us to cater to the kitchen serfs' self esteem
as well as their sexual urges. The expressions these two wore on their faces
displayed a mixture of lust, excitement, wonder, and envy, all at the same time.
Lust and excitement because they realised they were about to be pleasured,
wonder at the bizarre sensual loveliness of twat one and I, and envy because our
physical beauty only served to highlight their own obvious fleshly deficiencies.

I gave twat one, still staring in shocked surprise at the kitchen slaves, most
of whom actually even returned to their work at the benches or stoves after
noting our entry, a gentle smile, then crawled over to an enormous fat woman
with huge tits drooping well below the level of her soft, round belly. I reached
up and caressed the sagging udders with flawless tenderness, and was sure to
allow the obese woman to see nothing but happiness and adoration shining from my
twinkling eyes. I squeezed and pinched her slowly stiffening teats for her
pleasure while projecting lasciviously:

"Oh, adored slave, you have such lovely big tits. Your teats are so beautiful
that I long to be permitted to suck on them for your pleasure." The corpulent
slave woman drew my face to one of her sagging udders, and sighed with pleasure
while feeding my avid mouth with its now huge, stiff teat. I tenderly suckled on
it, and continued to project, "Sweet slave, I long to pleasure your glorious
body. Please tell me what you desire, and I will use every skill I possess in
submissively catering to it. Please! Please! Superior slave, allow this lewd,
servile slut to bring pleasure to your lovely nudity!"

The slave woman, her thought pattern laced with wanton, lust crazed happiness,
projected lewdly, "Lascivious harlot, I would have that stiff log sprouting up
your belly driven through my hot, tight arse ring, and into the depths of my
arsehole. While you thoroughly fuck out my arsehole you can reach around an frig
my woman cock until my pleasure explodes!" I looked up into the slave's eyes,
making sure that my own radiated sheer submissive happiness and adoration and,
while continuing to suckle on the rubbery teat and projected my reply with
obsequious wheedling tones:

"Please! Sweet slave, I am able to suck on your luscious woman cock while my
puny prick works to pleasure your sacred arse pit if it would please you. I
yearn to taste the delicious flavours of your glorious cunt split, and fabulous
girl prick with my menial tongue. Please let me, adored slave! Please let me, I
beg you!" I begged with lewd, lascivious passion. The slave woman shuddered with
pleasure at such lecherous pleading, perhaps deriving as much pleasure from my
abject grovelling, as from the anticipation of the physical pleasures I
promised, and happily acceded to my pleas. To even further accentuate the
scenario of low harlot pleading to worship superior being, I made one more
utterly humiliating, and degradingly obsequious plea, "Please! Please! Adored
slave, permit me to kiss the glorious ring of your beautiful arse, before
experiencing the exquisite joy of feeling it squeeze the stem of my lowly fuck
stick, I beg you, please let me!" I begged, like a small child pleading for a
sweet.

The obese slave woman's excitement was raised to a new, and even more lecherous
level by my continued, highly demeaning to me, but equally exciting to her,
grovelling. The enormous woman turned around and presented my gaze with a pair
of massive, soft fleshed arse slabs. I reached up and gently parted the massive
cheeks, and slipped my face into the warm, fleshy chasm between them, flushing
with delicious humiliation when I pressed my servile lips to the heavily muscled
ring of the fat slave's pungent arsehole. I happily allowed my tongue to wash
over the palpitating ring, and a surge of submissive adrenalin flooded me while
undertaking, so joyfully, such a debasing act.

I drove my lewd tongue up the slave woman's zesty arse pit, and laved its
rippling walls with all the enthusiasm I could muster, making the fat slave
shudder with pleasure. Almost reluctantly, I allowed my lascivious tongue to
slither from the woman's well lubricated arsehole, then rose to my feet. I held
her massive arse slabs open with my eager hands, and positioned the blunt
dripping head of my achingly stiff cock against her wildly palpitating arse
ring, then slowly drove my hips forward. Inch after inch of hot cock stalk crept
into the slave's greedily clasping chute. I found, to my astonishment, that I
didn't even have to push my cock into the woman's ravenous arse pit at all, the
grasping tunnel actually began to suck the throbbing length in of its own
volition.

I breathed a sigh of wanton happiness when the lust crazed slave's humid arse
chute had swallowed my entire length, and my prick pulsed with arousal within
the sensuous clutches of her gluttonous arsehole. While I began to slowly and
thoroughly fuck her arsehole with long evenly applied strokes, I leaned my body
forward slightly, and bent my supple trunk around her obese nudity, then buried
my face in the rolls of fat in her groin. I had to use my hands to move these
rolls of flopping flesh aside so that I could actually get at her ripe, piquant,
smoothly plucked cunt split with my licentious tongue. The mature cunt split
dripped with ripe female juices, and its raunchy stench was almost overpowering.

I ploughed my agile tongue into the meaty sex and slurped at it with gusto. My
taste buds were flooded with powerful female sex flavours, as ripe and zesty as
any I had ever tasted. The slave woman's woman cock was incredibly large, though
stubby, and throbbed mightily as soon as my wriggling tongue began to stimulate
it. I sucked ravenously on the woman's flowing twat swamp while my huge cock
sensually reamed out her humid arse chute. All the while I assailed the pleasure
filled slave with a constant steam of thoughts praising her beauty and erotic
sexuality, and how privileged I felt to be permitted to serve her so lewdly. I
told her of how I lived for the luscious flavours of her drooling pussy, and how
delightfully her gorgeous arse chute squeezed my throbbing prick.

While I worked tirelessly to pleasure the fat slave woman I was obviously aware
that twat one was performing similar services for one of the male slaves. She,
like me, was catering to the man's ego in the most demeaning terms, telling him
our beautiful his stunted cock was, and how happy she was to be allowed to suck
off such a dazzling pole of lust . She kept exhorting the shuddering slave to
allow her to feast on the succulent cream of his mouth-watering balls, while, at
the same time, praying that he found the flavours of her dripping pussy
acceptable to his divine palate.

The fat slave woman I was servicing soon peaked, and a veritable deluge of her
raunchy woman cum flooded my working mouth. Her writhing arse pit squeezed my
now rapidly pistoning prick so strongly while she climaxed that I thought that
it would actually cause my own pleasure soaked prick to also explode. I slurped
up the juices flowing from her writhing twat trench with consummate pleasure,
having lost myself, completely, in the deliciously humiliating nature of the
service I was giving so fervently.

As soon as the woman's cataclysmic orgasm had run its full course I allowed my
prick to escape from the clutches of her arse ring, and thanked her profoundly
for having allowed me the privilege of serving her. I moved on to one of the
males, and sucked his tiny cock off for him, after tonguing his pungent arsehole
for his pleasure. All the time I regaled the stunted man with how beautiful his
prick was, and how delicious it tasted, almost as luscious as his arse ring had
been. He fed me his thin trickle of acrid cum in a fit of sexual lust, and I
drank it down while squealing to him that it was the finest male sex cream I had
ever tasted.

The next slave woman I serviced wrung her climax out while I fucked her loose
cunt pit, and sucked on the thick,  rubbery teats of her tiny tits. The final
slave woman I serviced sucked my prick while I lapped her stiff woman cock until
her reeking cunt exploded in ecstasy, and her ripe tangy juices poured down my
gulping throat. While the obese slave sucked on my cock I regaled her with a
stream of lewd thoughts, praising her talents as a prick licker, telling her
that I had never felt such a divine mouth on my cock before. While my own
relentless tongue sucked her woman cock to its inevitable explosion, I allowed
my prick to erupt in her mouth, soundlessly shrieking that I could not stop
myself, my pleasure soaked cock could not survive the supreme talents of her
exquisitely working mouth. The slave woman drank my hot creamy issue down,
basking in the delight that I had found her sucking to be so exquisite that I
could not stop my cock from surrendering to the pleasure of it.

We had finally serviced all ten of the kitchen slaves. The group crowded around
our kneeling nudities, cooing with delight, as if we were small children of whom
they were so proud. They played with our tits, pricks and pussies while spoon
feeding us a delicious meal, telling us that we were easily the sexiest, and
most depraved of the sex slave pairs. Twat one and I basked in their praise
while we ate, and regaled them with constant appreciation of their beauty and
sexiness, and how privileged we felt to have been permitted to worship them.

After our meal, and a series of hugs from all the slaves, we were on our way to
begin the second rotation of our tour of duty. For the rest of the day, and into
the dusk we sexually serviced slaves, actually looking forward to the times when
we entered the kitchen and delighted its slaves with acts of sublime debauchery
while bringing them to shattering climaxes. It was actually quite dark by the
time we had completed three rotations, and all was quiet in the palace. Even the
orgy in the small courtyard had ceased, and its participants were gone.

When we approached the door to our chamber it swung open and Overlord Sextius,
accompanied by a slave pair whippers emerged. The punishment slaves' skins shone
with sweat, and my heart surged with both excitement, and sadness. They must
have been punishing our slave pair body sluts. My heart went out to the cute,
adorable, little slut two, imagining how she must have suffered while her
delicate nudity had been whipped by such powerful punishers.

We knelt, submissively, before the Master, lewdly rutting our acutely aroused
sexuality under the potent influence of his aphrodisiacal aroma. "You are late,
slave pair twat-cock." The powerful dominant stated. "Normally I would have you
thrashed to within an inch of your lives, for being so disgracefully tardy. But
my kitchen slaves, whose complete satisfaction with their lot I deem to be
mandatory, have informed me that your sluttish and depraved performance when
servicing them was quite the best they have ever experienced during their time
in the realm. In light of this I have decided that your punishment will be
reduced to a mere half a dozen strokes of the cane on both your arse slabs and
fat tits."

Overlord Sextius then motioned to the slave pair whippers, who detached cruel
canes from their belts. Twat one, and I arched our backs and leant forward,
presenting our still lewdly rolling arse slabs to the sadistic slave pair
whippers. I squealed with hurt when the cane cracked into my bottom slabs with
savage ferocity. My shrieks of pain quickly, however, became wild exhortations
to the cruel punishers to cane my writhing bottom harder. The six strokes were
all delivered with exquisite ferocity, and my poor bottom felt like it was
striped with lines of fire.

Immediately all six strokes had been administered both twat one and I threw our
torsos back so that our massive tits were thrust up wantonly. We both howled,
mentally, in pain when the muscular whippers used their canes on our tender tits
with even greater, savage ferocity, wailing out our pleas for more vicious
punishment, our gratitude to our tormentors for their merciless efforts, and, of
course, our sorrow to Overlord Sextius for having displeased him so much. The
six strokes to out suffering tits had soon been administered and Overlord
Sextius and his slave pair whippers immediately strode off, leaving us to our
own devices. We, despite our hurt, were both acutely depressed by the fact that
the slave pair whippers had not even allowed us to suck them off after they had
completed our punishment.

This loss was much more deeply felt by twat one than I, for I was soon kneeling
before our door slave, with his beautiful prick plumbing the depths of my
adoring throat. I sucked the lovely, hot, stiff prick until it exploded with
pleasure, and bathed my gulping throat with its luscious issue. Twat one looked
on in envy while I sucked the slave off, but this time I did not add to her
frustration by teasing her about it. Once the slave's balls had been totally
drained twat one and I entered our own private haven.

My heart almost broke with sorrow when I saw slave pair body sluts. The
beautiful, young tits of both were covered with weals and welts, and their
gorgeous cunt splits, and normally pristine mounds were grotesquely swollen and
reddened, and even showed evidence of bleeding. The sobbing slut two rushed into
my arms and cried silently with her lovely face buried in my neck. Slut one was
soon being cradled in twat one's arms, and was nursing on one of her stiff teats
while twat one soothed her punished lover.

Any thought that slave pair body sluts were resentful of their punishment were
soon banished when the delightful slut two began to mentally whisper to me. I
listened to the little whore's excited chatter, delivered with sobs of hurt
still effecting her projections, while holding her warm nudity against my own
savagely striped tits. "It hurts so gorgeously, to have a cruel whip thrash my
soft little tits so mercilessly," The little slut sobbed, "But, darling cock
one, when the cruel whipper lashed my tender cunt split so hard, I couldn't stop
it from exploding in agonised ecstasy. He whipped my harlot cleft so hard that I
came and came, and thought I would die from pleasure."

I cuddled the little slave, tenderly caressing her savaged tits, and petting the
moist, swollen flesh of her brutally abused cunt while she sobbed out her
happiness. I marvelled at the strange priorities that masochists have, where
punishment out strips depravity in our yearnings. I found myself envying slut
two, she had suffered much more than I had, with just a few stripes on my arse
and tits to show, while she wore the badges, so proudly, of much more savage and
therefore delicious suffering.

We bathed, and anointed our little slaves on this occasion, rather than the
other way round, and pleasured their beautiful bodies for hours before we slept
that night. While it was almost impossible for us to tell our little sluts apart
physically, I had no such trouble mentally. Slut one shared twat one's impish
character, and slut two my own more accepting characteristics. This meant, of
course, that twat one and slut one were soon avid collaborators in teasing slut
two and I mercilessly. It was almost as if we had become their slaves, when we
were in the privacy of our chamber. Slut two and I were only too happy to
acquiesce in this order of things, and submissively immersed ourselves in the
utterly depraved, and thoroughly debauched acts the other two forced upon us,
incessantly.




Chapter 14 - Solo Exhibitions in the Presence Of the Gods

Life went on for us. We spent our days servicing the slaves of the realm, and
our nights lost in the erotic orgies which we and our slave pair body sluts
revelled in. We were frequently punished when our performances were less than
that required. In short, twat one and I settled into our lives of submission and
sexual depravity like the perfectly servile sex slaves that we were. We
experienced our first surge of new elation when Overlord Sextius announced,
after a day serving the domestic slaves, that we were to entertain the deities.
Our lewdly rutting bodies flushed with excitement at this announcement, even
though it was not to take place for weeks. We were instructed to plan a series
of exhibitions of solo eroticism of the most depraved nature imaginable, and
told to ensure that punishment was used, liberally, to add to the visual
depravity of each performance.

We were beside ourselves with excitement and yearning, and spent the next few
weeks building up a repertoire of acts of self abuse, and sheer debauched
spectacle that must surely entertain the deities. We even included our little
sluts in thinking up exhibitions, much to their envy and jealousy. As slave pair
body sluts they had only ever been permitted to actually see Divine God
Heroditas, and Divine Goddess Aphrodisia once in their entire time in the realm.
Apparently, once every thousand years the Rulers allowed an orgy to be staged
for their entertainment, that included all slaves within the realm. Our slave
pair body sluts had not been captives for long enough to have been part of one
of these as yet, and being part of one had become one of their enduring yearning
desires.

The great day finally arrived. Our slave pair body sluts entered into the
excitement of the event. They spent what seemed like hours grooming and preening
our bodies until we felt as though we were the most perfect specimens of
beautiful sexuality in existence. Right up until the moment that Overlord
Sextius came to collect us the delicious slut two kept whispering suggestions to
me. I marvelled at the sheer depravity of the cute little slut's vivid
imagination. Also, of course, twat one taunted me incessantly over the days and
weeks leading up to the big one. She teasingly exhorted me, for once in my life,
to attempt to match her in the depraved debauchery stakes and therefore, not to
embarrass her in the presence of the God and Goddess.

All this playful anticipation came to an abrupt end on the arrival of Overlord
Sextius to collect us. My heart pounded with awed dread while I knelt before
him, my cock straining rigidly, my teats pulsing, my balls aching with bursting
sap, and, of course, my cunt split drooling with rich, female sex cream.  He
spent a few moments inspecting me, along with the equally aroused twat one.
After expressing his satisfaction with our appearances, the overlord commanded
us to follow him.

My mind struggled to contain my excitement, and dread, while I crawled along
behind the powerful dominator. My massive tits felt as though they had swelled
to even more gigantic proportions, and swung heavily from my chest as I crawled,
making me acutely aware of their presence. In fact, the closer we came to the
ornate door to the chamber of the Gods, the more acute my awareness of the sheer
depravity of my sexuality I became, and my tongue lolled out of my mouth, and my
mincing arse cheeks twitched like a bitch in heat.

Overlord Sextius paused before opening the enormous doors, allowing us to both
gather our thoughts, but more importantly to prepare ourselves for our
degrading, and humiliating entrance. Twat one and I turned our shuddering
nudities around, then straightened our legs slightly, and bent our torsos down
so that our massive tits protruded between our well spread legs. We bent our
necks upwards, so that our faces were not visible from behind. We were not to be
permitted to gaze upon the deities until they permitted that joy.

Thus, from behind we presented the most depraved and debauched sight you could
imagine. Our arses were raised high and, in fact, represented the tallest part
of our bodies. Their cheeks were widely split so that our pulsing arse rings
were clearly visible. My huge, achingly rigid prick hung straight down from my
smooth crotch, and my swollen, sap filled balls bulged lewdly at its thick base,
promising spectacular depravity when they shed their rich cream. My immense tits
jutted out towards the front, their top slopes level with my ankles, and the
soaked split of my cunt gaped obscenely, clearing exposing the stiff spike of my
acutely aroused girl prick. In short, the entire extent of my bizarre, and
highly stimulated sexuality was presented in utter wanton depravity, and
flawless submission.

Twat one too, had adopted a similar sexually degrading posture. In her case,
however, her long stiff cock was presented, between her massive udders, and her
wantonly splayed cunt split formed the centre piece of the apex of her body.
Overlord Sextius dragged the enormous doors open, and we were struck by a wave
of pure, flawless, aphrodisiacal fragrance. The overlord's twin penises snapped
to throbbing erection instantly. Twat one and I felt our already highly aroused
sexuality almost burst with a surge of stimulation.

My jutting tits felt even more swollen, and the teats capping them began to
tingle maddeningly. My balls also seemed to swell grotesquely, and ached with
such a ferocious yearning that I was sure they would actually explode. Rivers of
sex juice flowed from my splayed open cunt split, wetting my panting torso until
my skin glistened with it. Hot, creamy ball cream dripped from the tip of my
pulsating prick onto the bottoms of my aching tits. The stronger the influence
of the fragrance of unadulterated lust and depravity became, the more insanely
aroused I became. My arse slabs began to undulate involuntarily, lewdly rutting
my unbelievable aroused cock, and my shoulders began to shimmy, shaking the
enormous mounds of my pleasure soaked tits wantonly.

Twat one had reacted with identical depravity to the staggering onset of the
aroma of the Gods. Her shapely arse cheeks rolled and rutted uncontrollably.
Female sex juice dripped from her writhing cunt split, wetting the bottoms of
her fabulously swollen balls with its sticky essence. Her tits too, shook
wildly, and her burgeoning cock dripped its pre-cum onto the stone floor below.

The same insane lust that had taken control of our bodies also invaded our
minds. Our thought patterns became utterly dominated by erotic craving,
exquisite submission, and immaculate adoration. Our brains seemed to operate on
two planes. One was dominated by such powerful lust that its thoughts
constituted a continuous babble of servile, and utterly depraved debauchery. The
other, however, while also dominated by submissive, and depraved lust, was
magically capable of coherent thought patterns, and projections of complete,
pristine clarity. It was this plane that we began to project as we began our
slow, tortuous entry into the chamber of the Gods, our sweating, naked bodies,
reeking with the odours of acutely aroused sexuality, rutting with immaculate
obscenity. Our depraved thought projections were delivered in perfect unison, as
if our brains had become fused into one.

"Adored, worshipped, revered Divine God Heroditas! Exalted, treasured, idolised
Divine Goddess Aphrodisia! I am your servile slave, and submit my lewd existence
to you forever! I am your utterly debauched harlot, dedicated to performing the
most immaculately perverted, and flawlessly depraved acts of obscene lust for
you amusement for ever! I am your consummately lewd whore, committed to
surrendering to unspeakable degeneracy and unutterable depravity for your
entertainment! I am your utterly obscene slut, and surrender, unconditionally to
the depths of perverse lust and depraved debauchery for your amusement with
joyous happiness! I am your submissive chattel, and yearn to suffer the most
exquisite of agonies for your delight and entertainment!"

Twat one and I made these astonishing projections with awful clarity, and in
absolute submission while our obscenely cavorting nudities edged their way, rear
first, into the chamber of the Gods. The further we went into the interior of
that enchanted place the more intense, and unbearable our lust became. I was
sure that I would lose my sanity, such was the sheer power of the sexual
obsession the presence of Divine God Heroditas, and Divine Goddess Aphrodisia
engendered.

I didn't, of course, although it will always remain a mystery how. We came to a
halt about ten feet from the living thrones on which the celestial beings
rested, our bodies writhing in uncontrolled, obscene lust, and our thoughts
raving with exhortations to be permitted to submit ourselves to indescribable
acts of perversity, exhortations to them to have us punished beyond endurance in
order that our agony might please them, if only for an instant.

Somehow, despite my reeling state of mind I noted that we were the sole slave
pair present. I assumed that a slave pair whippers were in station on other side
of the thrones, and was able to see two other pairs of punishers, their mighty
cocks rearing up from their groins in throbbing erection, stationed on either
side of the Overlord Sextius. Twat one and I wallowed in our wanton depravity,
and waited with aching craving need, for the deities to acknowledge us.

"You are permitted to turn and gaze upon our magnificence!" The God and Goddess
commanded, in perfect unison. Twat one and I turned to face the throne with
almost indecent haste. My heart pounded with such force that I thought it must
explode in ecstasy when my eyes settled on the angelic beings. Their beauty, and
potency was excruciating, and my sweating body's obscene gyrations took on an
even more lust crazed depravity. My hands had flashed up to link behind my head
to demonstrate my servile submission to the heavenly creatures I adored so
intensely it was all I could do to remain conscious.

My shoulders rolled uncontrollably, and I shook my massive, swollen tits at the
seated deities with such obscene force that I was in danger of causing my wildly
rutting nudity to topple over. A river of hot glistening girl cum flowed from my
splayed open cunt split, its rigid girl prick pulsating fabulously, down my
palpitating belly to join the male sex cream pouring from the tip of my
excruciatingly stiff, throbbing prick, down its hot, throbbing stalk, soaking my
fat, swollen balls in the depraved mixture. My hips gyrated lewdly, waving the
stalk of my male sexuality about in a frenzy of lecherous submission.

"Just lovely," The Divine God Heroditas, declared, "Our new sluts are just
perfect, don't you think, Aphrodisia?" The Divine Goddess Aphrodisia replied,
with a shrug, "Let's see how the obscene harlots perform before we go overboard,
Heroditas. But I will admit that, visually at least, they certainly look
amusing." My heart surged with joy at even this slightly back handed compliment
from the Goddess, and resolved that my performance would win her over
completely, no matter the cost to me.

"Which one shall we observe performing first, darling?" The Divine God Heroditas
inquired of his consort. Twat one, and my craving thought projections battled to
be the first to obscenely display our perverted lust for the amusement of our
Rulers. Gone was any thought, on my part, to defer to the urges of twat one. I
longed to be the first to debase my rutting nudity in obscene depravity with all
my being. My thoughts pleaded with the God to choose me with a fervour that,
despite my feverish lust, shocked me to my core. I yearned to perform, craved
the sexual humiliation, longed for the degradation. But, to my utter despair, it
was not to be.

"I think we shall enjoy the slut, twat one first." The Divine Goddess Aphrodisia
decided. I thought my heart would break, and twat one's mind projected lust
crazed triumph that only added to my misery. Then the sacred Goddess, having, no
doubt, picked up on twat one's triumphant projection, quickly, and effectively
brought the rutting slut back to reality. "The lewd whore's obscene cavorting
will no doubt provide a perfect introduction to what I suspect will be a much
more depraved and obscene performance from the male harlot."

Twat one's triumph turned to despair at this development but, such is the
competitive nature of twat one, she had soon forgotten all about it, and
prepared to display her lust crazed nudity in a exhibition of sublime depravity.
Twat one had chosen to fuck her own arse ring as her first offering. She edged
her writhing nudity onto another mat, closer to, and directly in front of the
watching deities. I noted a disenable increase in the utter lust crazed
babblings of twat one's projections the closer she got to the godly beings.

In spite of my own depraved frenzy I was able to watch twat one perform, and was
even proud of her dedication to her own debauchery. The lewd slut spread her
thighs wide, so that her drooling cunt split's fat, swollen lips spread even
wider open, clearly baring the erect spike of her pulsating girl prick. She
levered her body up onto her bent legs, having to use her hands on the floor to
steady herself. Then she bent her torso back, folding it, amazingly, down to her
slick, glistening arse slabs. Still she kept forcing it back until,
astonishingly, her head, and her massive tits, appeared between her grotesquely
spread legs, below her crotch.

Twat one then used her forearms to force the huge mounds of her udders aside,
thus allowing her long, thick, throbbing prick stem to stand freely, arching up
towards her pulsing arse ring. The depraved harlot then both bent her knees
slightly, and raised her chest upwards. A thought projection of squealing, lust
heralded the incredible sight of the blunt, dripping head of her straining prick
forcing its way past her own tight sphincter. Twat one's shrieks of lust and
debauchery became utterly uncontrolled while inch after inch of her throbbing
male sex stalk disappeared into her clasping arse pit.

The frenzied whore was in slut heaven while she impaled her twitching arse ring
with her own pulsing prick stalk, its thick girth stretching the ring open
grotesquely. Twat one's whole body shuddered with wanton lust when, finally, and
incredibly, the entire length of her thick, throbbing prick had vanished into
her packed arse chute, and her chest was pressed firmly into the taut rounds of
her svelte bottom cheeks. The harlot's face then fell, so that she was able to
stare at the deities. Her features wore an expression of pure, unadulterated
depravity, her wide, violet eyes shone with perfect wanton lust, and a leer of
sheer debauchery creased her full, pouting lips.

Twat one began, simultaneously, to flex her legs and drive her chest up and
down. The huge length of her throbbing cock reacted by slowly emerging from the
tight clutches of her violated arse chute, then driving back into the clasping
hole. The frenzied whore's uncontrolled thoughts of divine depravity, abject
submission, sheer wanton joy, and almost supernatural gratitude accompanied the
reaming out of her pleasure soaked arse pit with her equally ecstatic prick.

The pace with which twat one plunged her achingly stiff cock in and out of her
writhing arse chute slowly quickened, and the length of each obscene stroke
became more and more full with each succeeding lunge of her sweating torso. She
panted and gasped with the effort it took to both maintain her contorted
posture, and to arrive at the level of obscene fucking that she aimed for, that
of her huge cock actually escaping the clutches of her craving arse ring, before
spearing back through the gaping ring, and driving, to the hilt into the
welcoming hole.

Twat one fucked herself with ever increasing vigour. The pleasure, and divine
degradation she was experiencing caused her to squeal out her lust in thought
projections of ever increasing depravity. Her huge tits bounced around heavily,
and her sweating arse slabs rolled lewdly with every lust crazed lunge until,
with an eerie shriek of utter ecstasy, her swollen balls flexed mightily, and a
stream of white, creamy ball juice erupted from the tip of her pulsing prick,
and flooded the clasping pout of her ravenous arse ring and instant before her
movement drove the gushing stalk back, deeply into her arse chute.

The pleasure filled harlot lost complete control while her throbbing prick
spewed out the juices of its pleasure. Her craving arse ring wrung out the
relentlessly plunging pole with exquisite ferocity, until her balls were drained
dry, yet still she plunged the stiff stalk in and out of her sloppy chute,
squealing out her lust, and exhorting the deities to allow her to fuck her arse
to shreds, shrieking out her gratitude at being permitted to display her
obscenity to them, and begging them to be allowed to continue.

The Rulers watched the cavorting heap of wanton obscenity debase herself for a
further few seconds before Divine Goddess Aphrodisia intervened, "Enough, lewd
slut! Clean yourself, then return to your position. It's time to see how your
partner in depravity reacts to such a disgustingly perverted performance. Twat
one, reluctantly, allowed her gaping arse chute to surrender the still achingly
rigid pole of her temporarily spent prick for the last time. She lewdly poised
her gaping mouth a few inches below her equally gaping arse ring, then forced
her soaked arse pit to surrender the juices that so thoroughly flooded it. The
sight of rich, hot cock cream flowing from the slack arse pout, and pouring into
the wanton slut's gulping mouth was as degradingly obscene as her actual self
fucking had been, and I watched in awe at her capacity for depraved self abuse.

Once the creamy cock juice flow ceased twat one raised her face and obscenely
lapped the remaining residue from her arse ring, then straightened her contorted
body. Her face wore a look of sheer satisfaction, laced with immaculate longing
while she edged her way back to her slave mat. While the lewd whore moved back
into position she continued to use her long tongue to lap the sticky mess of sex
cream from her throbbing cock stem, from its thick, pulsing base to it still
profusely dripping tip.

"Now it's your turn, cock one!" Divine God Heroditas projected, "And you'll have
to be at your obscene best to top the performance of your fellow slut." My heart
pounded with a fresh surge of masochistically depraved adrenalin while I
prepared to degrade my nudity with utterly obscene depravity, for the amusement
of my Rulers. The sheer intensity of my lustful arousal rose to a new, and even
more unbearable level as I edged my furiously rutting body closer to the seated
divinities, and my thought projections became the uncontrolled ravings of
submission, and indescribable debauchery of a slut driven mad with sexual
craving and masochistic longing.

I quickly adopted a posture of similar obscenity to that Twat one had chosen for
her first exhibition. That is I spread my legs wide, bent my knees, the folded
my torso back until my huge tits appeared from between my legs and my face
pointed up towards my muscular arse cheeks. This contorted stance caused my
aching cock pole to rear straight up from my hairless crotch. I projected my
need for a dildo of magnificent proportions to pack my cunt pit, and a stone
prick appeared, as if by magic, rising out the floor and heading straight to my
drooling cunt split, as if it had a mind of its own.

I squealed in lust when the enormous stone cock drove into my twat sleave,
stretching its silky walls fabulously. Ten inches of the massive cock ploughed
into my cunt, filling it to the hilt. This, of course, was not just to add to
the sheer obscenity of my performance, but also served to stabilise my
grotesquely contorted body, and allowed my hands to be free to perform a crucial
task in my exhibition. When I was ready to actually begin my utterly depraved,
and masochistically awe inspiring act I projected a begging plea, over the
incessant, obscene ravings that involuntarily erupted from my brain:

"Divine God Heroditas! Divine Goddess Aphrodisia! I worship you with every fibre
of my being and pray that my utterly depraved and debauched obscenity pleases
you. I am beyond happiness in that you have deigned to permit me to entertain
you with my servile, lust crazed depravity!" My lust crazed brain squealed
ecstatically. I used my hands to tear the cheeks of my arse apart, baring the
muscled ring of my arsehole. Then, with wave after wave of pure, obscene lust,
and utterly perverted joy washing over my shuddering nudity, drove three inches
of my tongue into my pungent arse pit.

"Adored slave pair whippers!" My brain projected in a fit of masochistic
craving. "I implore you, take your cruelest cock whips and flay the stalk of
immaculate lust that sprouts so lecherously from my perverted fork. I beg you,
slave pair whippers, thrash the pole of lust with all your might! Lash it from
base to tip! Make it throb with agony! Show the servile slave cock no mercy! See
how it drips with yearning to suffer! I beseech you lash my throbbing cock
pitilessly, and with every once of your power, while my lewd tongue sucks
obscenely on my perverted arse ring for the amusement of the Rulers!"

A slave pair whippers, even before my raving pleas had been completed, detached
cruel wire whips from their belts, and took up positions on either side of my
obscenely cavorting nudity. The whips they wielded were truly barbaric in
design, six feet long, the first five feet being barely flexible, while the
final foot was just the opposite, and its surface covered with hundreds of tiny,
razor sharp spikes. It was designed to wrap around whatever it was used to flay,
and to slice it up most brutally. My heart pounded with dreadful masochistic
euphoria at the sight of the whips, and the realisation of the immaculate agony
that would be wreaked on my defenceless prick stalk.

Just as the slave pair whippers were drawing their brutal whips back to begin
the merciless thrashing of my aching, throbbing, drooling cock pole I made one
final plea to the deities, "Please! Please! Idolised Rulers! When you tire of
watching the depraved prick stalk of the lewd slut whose body and soul you own
suffer, signal the slave pair whippers to shift the target of their beautiful
whips from the stalk of sexual depravity, to the swollen nuts at its base.
Command them to flay the tender balls mercilessly, while they shed their
perverted offal for your entertainment!"

I was not sure whether the Rulers had acceded to this final plea or not, but I
prayed they would for my ball ached to shed their creamy juice, and my lust
crazed projections again took complete control of my consciousness. I howled in
utter agony when the first stroke exploded on my cock stem. The pain was truly
appalling. The spikes sliced the sensitive skin of my steel hard prick, causing
blood to flow from the very beginning. My fevered brain had no time to recover
from the shock of that initial lash before the second of the whippers landed his
first pitiless lash.

I howled in agony, yet still managed to exhort the merciless punishers to
greater, and more powerful brutality. I pleaded with them to whip my suffering,
agony racked prick harder, and harder, and to never stop. Soon my huge cock
dripped with crimson blood, and throbbed with terrifying agony. Had I not been
in the presence of the potent Rulers I would have, no doubt, lost consciousness
long since. But, their power kept me aware, and allowed me to bask in the
suffering and misery I so longed for. My tortured cock felt as though it had
been plunged into a vat of boiling oil. The sensation was exquisite, and my
masochism transcended perfection.

I wallowed ecstatically in my harrowing agony, howling out my masochistic joy in
a constant stream of almost mesmeric projections. My tongue lapped and laved
lewdly at my palpitating arse ring as though it had a mind of its own. The
interior muscles of my packed cunt tube squeezed the brutal invader with a force
that beggared belief. My steel hard girl prick pulsed in ecstasy. But all this
was secondary to the sheer intensity of the suffering I revelled in. My
projections became more and more incoherent, mere babbles of love for my
ruthless tormentors, and flawless adoration of the God and Goddess, for
permitting me to debase myself so obscenely, and, of course, to suffer so
exquisitely.

The flaying of my rock hard cock stalk went on and on relentlessly, and utterly
mercilessly. I found myself squealing out for the next brutal whip stroke, even
before the previous lash had unwound itself from my wounded prick stem. My brain
kept exploding in waves of agony, but yearned for more. I existed in masochistic
paradise and rejoiced in my submission, perversity, and divine suffering. Time
seemed to stand still while the whippers lashed my prick with consummate
savagery, never seeming to lose the potency and power with which they
administered to my cruel punishment.

Somewhere, in the recesses of my raving thoughts I heard the projection, "Slave
pair whippers, we would see the obscene harlot's beautifully punished prick spew
now." I grunted and howled with renewed, and horrifically intensified agony when
the horrific whip lashes shifted their target from my rigid prick stalk to the
infinitely more sensitive, swollen orbs of my sap filled balls. All hell then
broke loose. While the horrific lashes sliced up my fat swollen balls with
unerring accuracy, and terrifying brutality, and my brain exploded if a frenzy
of masochistic elation, a huge load of boiling man juice streaked up the length
of my tormented, abused cock stalk, and burst spectacularly from the bleeding
tip of my prick.

The thick stream of pale, creamy sex juice shot at least ten feet into the air,
before splashing wetly down into my now wildly undulating crotch. Masochistic
lust consumed my every fibre, while my cock continued to erupt uncontrollably.
While my cock wildly exploded I drove the full length of my long, slobbering
tongue into the humid, pungent depths of my writhing arse pit, and glued my lips
to my palpitating anal ring in ecstasy. I shook my massive tits so hard that
their huge masses slapped together audibly, and I fucked my spasming cuntal
sleave on the monstrous stone cock with feral force. My whole body exploded,
over and over, in absolute sexual ecstasy. My prick spurted again and again,
while my magnificently suffering, pain filled balls shed a veritable ocean of
juice.

My projections became wails of ecstatic gratitude to my celestial owners while I
surrendered to the exquisite, never ending orgasm that seemed so intense that it
consumed my entire being. Each pore of my skin seemed to be exploding in sexual
climax. Then, as suddenly as it had hit me, the cataclysmic climax ended. My
pain and suffering remained terrifyingly intense, and the lust that consumed me
hardly waned at all. But my aching, pain soaked balls stopped ejecting their
sap, and my throbbing, horrifically abused prick no longer sprayed its creamy
issue. More heart renderingly to me, however, slave pair whippers finally ceased
their terrifying lashing of my aching nuts.

My exhausted body almost collapsed. My long tongue slithered from the tight
confines of my arse pit, and the huge stone dildo magically retracted into the
stone floor. I folded my torso back into its normal upright position, and my
hands clasped the back of my head in submission. I wildly gyrated my lewd fork
at the celestial beings, and rolled my massive tits at them in continued
depravity. Already, the cuts and abrasions covering the length of my tortured
prick and tormented nuts had begun to miraculously heal.

The Rulers watched me cavort, obscenely, before them, while my own brain sang
with praise for, and gratitude to them for allowing me to exhibit my debauchery,
and to wallow the aftermath of the terrible catering to my masochistic cravings.
"That was most entertaining, cock one." The regal Rulers projected in unison.
"We are most pleased with you." My heart pounded with sublime happiness at the
praise of my owners, and I begged profusely to be permitted to amuse them
further with my wanton depravity.

"Your little obscene performance was so good that we would have you rewarded,
harlot. You may worship one of Overlord Sextius' sets of testicles while the
whore, twat one, tries to match your imagination, and wanton enthusiasm in her
next act. If he desires it, he may even allow you to feast on their essence." I
glowed with pride and pleasure. My heart beat wildly, and my lust grew. I would
suck the Master's lovely testicles with such skill and devotion that surely he
would reward me by allowing me to suck for, and to drink their divine ambrosia.

I crawled off towards the Overlord Sextius, while twat one prepared for her
second exhibition. Despite the insane sensations of sheer lust that captured my
sensibility, I was able to discern that twat one was going to use every
endeavour to match the depravity of my first performance. Even in her state of
lust crazed sexual turmoil she was still able to react to her petulant
character. She was still trying to demonstrate that she, not me, was the master
of sluttish, and masochistic submission. I wondered how the celestial beings
would view twat one's little display of petulance. Would they punish her, or
reward her? Time alone, would tell, but I knew intrinsically, that my own
servile temperament was much more finally tuned than hers. She tended to be too
eager to enjoy pleasure, and less zealous in subjecting it to the desires of the
dominants. In short, twat one seemed to exert her own brand of dominance, even
when serving, where as I was able to submit all thought of my own desires to the
over riding craving to serve others.

I knelt, submissively, at the feet of Overlord Sextius and gazed adoringly at
the fat, swollen, hairless testicles that nestled so alluringly at the base of
the tremendous sex stalk sprouting from his right thigh. My yearning mouth
flooded with the saliva of my lewd excitement, and my long tongue soon began to
unfurl in readiness to taste the magnificence of those sap filled orbs. I
managed to position myself so that I was able to watch twat one's performance
out of the corner of my eye, my lust crazed consciousness being torn between the
desire to see the lascivious harlot, and the need to feast my eyes on the superb
sex of the dominating overlord. Needless to say, I managed to achieve both.

A fresh, potent surge of delight rushed through my veins when my soft, hot, wet
tongue finally washed over the smooth skin of Overlord Sextius' testicle sack,
and my senses were flooded with rich, aroused male sexuality. I settled down to
adore the manly balls with worshipping devotion, while twat one began her second
act of self abasement staged exclusively for the entertainment of the watching
deities.

Twat one had decided, for her second act, to fuck herself for their amusement.
This time, however, she was going to enhance the depravity of the act by having
herself subjected to fearsome punishment at the same time. She began by
spreading her bent legs grotesquely wide, splitting open the drooling lips of
her incredibly aroused cunt split. She then folded her flexible torso back until
her enormous tits protruded between her splayed open thighs. She willed a huge,
thick dildo into being, and squealed in lust and pain when it sank deeply into
her tight arse pit, its huge, unyielding stone girth stretching that tender tube
to tearing point.

This enormous invasion of twat one's tender arse tube served two purposes. The
first, of course, to add to the lecherous nature of her lewd performance, and
the second to anchor her contorted nudity to prevent it from overbalancing, or
even collapsing in an embarrassing heap on the floor. Her posture caused the
huge staff of her male sex to arch out from her torso, and its massive, dripping
tip to be poised at the clenching entrance to her cunt pit. The perverse slut
then willed her teats to be pierced, and, magically, a pair of hooks, with
barbed points speared each of her throbbing nipples. Twat one howled in ecstatic
agony while the pain assailing her skewered teats flooded through her. She
savoured her hurt for a few seconds before willing her tits to be stretched out
from her body by the hooks, exposing their soft, tender under bellies vulnerably
and defencelessly.

I watched twat one continue her lewd and depraved act in wonder, but even as my
long tongue furled around the hot, sap filled balls of the overlord, and I
savoured the luscious flavours of aroused male sexuality, my own fevered brain
was already planning a performance that would blow twat one's away for sheer
debauched lecherousness, not to mention a level of exquisite agony that would
have that that she was suffering pale into insignificance in comparison. The
hand of the overlord had dropped to my head, and he stroked me like a pet animal
while my eager tongue sensuously worshipped his gorgeous testicles.

Twat one's lewd preparations were almost complete. Her fevered projections of
unbridled lust and masochistic ecstasy had grown to mindless proportions. She
squealed out in servile submission, begging slave pair whippers to thrash the
soft under bellies of her massive tits with all their might. The dripping head
of her mighty prick was, by now, lodged in the gaping mouth of her lewdly
drooling cunt split. Her mental shrieks of hurt reverberated around the
unearthly silence of the chamber of the gods when each of the brutal punishers
brought a long thin, barely flexible cane down onto the stretched out meat of
her fabulous tits, each blow landing with a resounding thump.

The suffering slave's projected squeals of anguish, however, were soon being
matched by ones of unbelievable lust and submission while inch after inch of her
huge, throbbing prick disappeared into the hot clasping hole of her ecstatic
cunt. I watched with a degree of excitement, my tongue washing Overlord Sextius'
fat swollen balls with ever increasing passion, as the suffering harlot
thoroughly, a deeply fucked herself. She squealed out her adoration of the
deities with unbridled lust and devotion. She absorbed her terrifying punishment
with joy and submission.

The hand that had been so casually petting my head suddenly grasped me by my
silky hair when the climax of twat one's depraved act seemed to be approaching.
My heart pounded with excitement and happiness when my head was drawn up, and
the Master's enormous penis was thrust deeply into my gaping mouth, and its hot
pulsating length driven down my gulping throat. Stars of ecstasy flooded my
raving consciousness while I tasted the sublime flavour of his virile sexuality.

My adoring mouth sucked at the throbbing sex stalk with unreserved passion. I
wallowed in the exquisite humiliation that had always consumed me while my mouth
worshipped male sex. Twat one squealed in ecstasy as her pulsating prick
exploded in the depths of her ferally writhing cunt pit. But to me it was of
secondary importance for, at the same instant, Overlord Sextius' huge penis also
erupted, and my adoring mouth was inundated with a deluge of rich, creamy,
virile testicle cream. My slavish brain sang in rapture as an ocean of the most
luscious male essence I had ever experienced flowed down my gulping gullet, and
into my yearning belly. I sucked on the spurting penis with single minded
devotion. My Brain sang out to the fabulous Master my eternal gratitude to him
for the gift he bestowed while I drank from his gushing penis in utter joy and
rapture.

The climax seemed to last forever, or at least time stood still while twat one
climaxed over and over until her creamy prick juice, mixed with the flood of
cunt cream being released from her convulsing twat tube, flowed from her
clasping cunt split, and splashed onto the floor below her. Eventually her
orgasms began to ebb and wane, and the brutal thrashing of her swollen, bruised
tits ceased. The hooks retracted from her teats, allowing the punished udders to
flop back into their normal positions. The huge stone cock withdrew from her
aching arsehole, and the slave collapsed to her knees before the Regal Rulers.
At the same time, and much to my own chagrin, Overlord Sextius' penis ceased to
spurt its divine elixir, and he dragged my mouth from the spent organ which
still stood proud and stiff, from his muscular thigh.

Soon twat one and I were back in position before the seated God and Goddess. "A
better perforce from the twat harlot, don't you think?" Divine God Heroditas
commented to his celestial partner. Divine Goddess Aphrodisia, being I
suspected, a harsher task master than her colleague, was reluctant to agree
totally with His assessment. It seemed, however, that the Goddess was the one to
dispense favours, and She was in the mood to be benevolent, "Twat one, you
servile whore. Even though I am not entirely satisfied with your performance I
will, never the less, permit you to attend to the relief of the slave pair
whippers who pandered to your tits during your performance while cock one
entertains us with his next presentation. It will be interesting to see how the
trollop compensates for the fact that there will be no slave pair whippers to
assist him."

I managed to intercept twat one's reaction to this comment, and found that her
thought patterns, overriding the sheer lust crazed babbling, reflected a mixture
of shame and sorrow, laced with extreme excitement at the prospect of pleasuring
her savage tormentors. She was soon wedged between the two muscular punishers.
Her mouth engulfed one tormentor's mighty erection, while the other speared her
tight arsehole with his throbbing cock. Both began to rape the lewd harlot with
a savagery that defied description. Her drooping udders flopped around crazily
with the vigour of her defilement.

I drew a deep breath, and prepared to subject myself to the unbelievable
depravity, and indescribable agony that I had dreamed up while sucking on the
divine penis and testicles of the Overlord Sextius. I moved my rutting nudity
into position before the watching deities, then manoeuvred my body around until
my fat, swollen balls were the highest point of my contorted nudity, and sat
lewdly above the taut skin of the rounds of my arse cheeks. With surges of
terrified masochistic ecstasy flooding through my being I willed a long, sharp
needle to pierce the tender orbs, driving completely through the sensitive meat
until six inches of each of its ends protruded from either side of the
horrifically skewered orbs.

Wave after wave of excruciating agony flooded through me while I fought,
mentally, to regain some modicum of control over my tormented consciousness.
Eventually I managed to do this, and thrilled to the surges of masochistic
delirium that wafted through my sweat soaked nudity. I gathered my thoughts
again, and with extreme excited trepidation, prepared to subject myself to the
next phase of my self inflicted agony. I willed a chain to descend from the high
ceiling of the chamber, and saw it descend towards my barbarically skewered
balls. Small hooks at the end of the chain soon engaged the ends of the needle
piercing my ferociously hurting balls.

My shrieks and howls of unadulterated agony reverberated around the chamber,
drowning out all other thought projections entirely when I will the chain to
retract upwards, towards the ceiling. My agonised nuts were torn out from my
crotch with terrifying force, until the bleeding eggs were stretched at least
four inches up from my agonised crotch. The surges of agony were almost beyond
belief, and my thought projections became more and more incoherent as the level
of intensity grew and grew until, incredibly, fantastically, my entire
shuddering nudity was lifted from the stone floor, and my body hung freely by
skewered balls alone.

I howled and wailed out my submission to my Gods. I shrieked and squealed out my
love for them for allowing my to suffer so horrifically for their amusement. I
was driven insane with pain and suffering and masochist elation while my pain
soaked nudity swayed slowly back and forth, suspended by its fabulously
suffering balls. The rest of the people in the chamber seemed transfixed by the
sheer incredulous nature of my submission and suffering. Even the slave pair
whippers, so busily engaged in having their enhanced lusts slaked by the
beautiful slut twat one, had concentrated their attentions solely on my
phenomenal performance.

After allowing time for my brain to come to grips with my awesome ordeal I was
experiencing, I was astonished to realise that I wanted more. I was not yet
suffering enough to satisfy my bottomless pit of masochistic yearning. My huge
prick had swelled even more, had become ever stiffer, and throbbed ever more
wildly the more my suffering intensified. My cunt split literally flowed with
the juices of sexual excess, and my girl prick felt as stiff as steel, and
pulsated with ecstasy. I levered my torso up until the flowing tip of my prick
was seared by the clasping opening of my craving cunt pit.

My brain, in a frenzy of masochistic excess, willed hooks to pierce the
throbbing teats capping my fabulous tits. The excruciating pain of the stabs
hardly even registered in my mind, given the agony emanating from my barbarously
stretched out nuts. But when I willed huge spherical stone balls to be hung from
these hooks, and my massive tits were subjected to the resulting pressure my
howls of ecstatic agony rose to an even greater crescendo, and my tormented
balls were actually stretched a further two inches out from my groin by the
massively increased weight they were forced to support.

With a superhuman effort, I managed to plunge the full length of my throbbing
cock into the heated swamp of my cunt pit, which closed around the hot length
like a velvet vice. The enormous weights swinging from my teats served to keep
the masses of my udders from getting in the way, both of the cock plunging into
the cunt, and, of course, the clear view of this lewd self fucking that was
afforded to my celestial owners. Once my cock was fully buried up my twat sleave
I found that my straining girl prick was a mere three inches away from my face.
I gazed at the steel hard female cock with a lewd leer creasing my full lips.

Despite the sheer gut wrenching, mind blowing intensity of my agony I was still
yet to be satisfied, and willed a metal tube to encompass the delicate stalk of
my girl prick. My masochistic insanity ensured that the inside of the metal tube
was decorated with hundreds of sharply honed needles which savagely punished the
delicate stem when my brain willed the tube to contract brutally. A ball of
super sensitised girl prick meat protruded from the tip of this shaft and
swelled fabulously when the metal was as tight as my brain could make it, and it
bulged in agony before my glazed eyes.

With my mind projecting a cacophony of howled out, masochistic ecstasy,
unadulterated adulation of my celestial owners, undying love for them, and sheer
depraved lust, I slowly began to fuck my own cunt split with long, even strokes
of my burgeoning cock. With each inward plunge of the throbbing sex stem my
long, agile tongue was able to tease the swollen tip of my deliciously tormented
girl prick. My brain became an instrument of sexual debauchery, and slavish
submission while I relentlessly fucked myself. Time seemed to stand still, and
yet pass with electrifying velocity. Sex and pain seemed to be the only
sensations that existed in my world, and I was an insatiable vessel for both.

The cream in my agony racked nuts began to boil as inevitable orgasm approached.
I continued my exquisitely depraved performance without let up, yearning that it
never end, that my suffering be eternal. Soon I became aware of projections from
the God and Goddess, and my heart almost burst with joy and happiness at the
utterances I heard. "This harlot is exquisite, Aphrodisia!" Divine God Heroditas
declared, "Its imagination, and capacity for flawless submission is limitless,
don't you think?" The Divine Goddess Aphrodisia seemed to agree with her consort
entirely, "Yes, Heroditas, you are entirely correct. We must reward this sex
animal for its fawning subservience before this session is over!"

My heart pounded with elation. What could such a reward entail. I had already
been granted the privilege of tasting the sexuality of Overlord Sextius. What
more could there be. It was with such questions still cascading within the
confines of my lust soaked brain that I became aware of the command to cease my
performance. I almost cried out in sadness, for my huge prick had not yet been
allowed to flood the depths of my writhing twat pit with its creamy issue. Could
a reward be the denial of relief? Surely not! It would be too cruel! My fevered
brain howled out its sorrow, and pleaded with the Gods to be permitted to
display its rutting climaxing nudity for their continued amusement. But, to no
avail, the command to cease was not rescinded.

My sweating nudity collapsed onto the stone floor as soon as the cruel bondage I
had willed was removed, and I regained my posture of lewd rutting depravity
before the seated deities. Twat one, too, took up her position beside me. Out of
the corner of my eye I was able to see the rich, creamy man juice still seeping
from her drooling mouth as she flaunted her nudity to the owners in fits of
depraved debauchery.

Time seemed to have completely stood still, and twat one and I performed act
after act for the entertainment of the God and Goddess. Our performances vied
with each other in the lewd depths of depravity with which they were performed,
not to mention the level of suffering they entailed. Twat one was permitted to
climax over and over during her acts, but I was not, after my performance, again
permitted to orgasm even once. My frustration grew and grew as my un-slaked
lusts became ever more potent, and my balls and cunt split both ached with the
need to shed the juices of their yearning. Eventually the deities announced that
they had tired of the entertainments, and were going to retire. My heart leapt
with disappointment, and pleas projected from my brain in demented lust. These
were interrupted by Divine Goddess Aphrodisia.

"Fear not, little animal, we are going to reward you as we promised. Present
yourself before us, little whore, bare you depraved sexuality like the wanton,
insatiable little harlot you are, quickly now!"  I thrust my wildly undulating
groin out at the Gods with even more deeply felt depravity, and used the fingers
of both hands to tear open the gaping lips of my drooling cunt split in a fit of
debauched lust. Each of the deities pointed at my rutting nudity, and the
unearthly beams of light shot from their finger tips.

A shriek of pure unadulterated ecstasy, almost feral in nature, emanated from my
crazed consciousness when the beam of the Divine God Heroditas played over the
length of my spasming girl prick plunging that pulsating sex stalk into
intolerable sexual arousal. Wail after wail was ripped from my fevered brain
while the divine God stroked my woman cock teasingly, over and over, tracing its
throbbing length from base to tip with unerring accuracy. I was sure I would go
mad with lust, but somehow just managed to retain my sanity.

A few moments later, or was it a few hours, for time seemed to have stood still
for me, the beam emanating from the tip of the Divine Goddess Aphrodisia's
finger began to play over the bulging orbs of my swollen, sap filled balls. I
howled with ecstatic passion, totally out of control. My balls seemed to swell
enormously, and became so tight that I was sure that they must explode. Somehow
I managed to drag my head down until I stared at the bright beams as they played
across my tormented sex meat, driving my berserk with lustful desire.

My fat balls had indeed grown massively as a result of their ecstatic torment,
and small geysers of pungent juice spurted from the tip of my pulsing prick
uncontrollably. The two sadistic deities tormented me incessantly for seemingly
eons, but in reality probably only for a few seconds. But the effect on me was
so intense that it seemed never ending. Finally the beams suddenly flashed off
leaving me poised on the brink of climactic orgasm, and utterly insane with lust
and desire. I remained on my knees on the mat rutting and gyrating with sublime
obscenity, rivers of pungent ball cream seeping profusely from the slit in the
tip of my swollen, pulsating prick head and flowed down the throbbing stalk of
my prick, and oceans of ripe cunt cream dripped from the split of my gaping
female sexuality while the deities rose from their human thrones and disappeared
through the wall of the chamber.

Unlike on previous occasions my level of sexual arousal did not ebb with their
leaving my presence. Rather it continued on that unbearable edge, and I thought
that if I didn't get relief I would surely loose my sanity altogether. I looked
wildly about me, vainly for some one, or something to fuck. I tried to get to
twat one, but was frustrated by the invisible barrier between us. Overlord
Sextius, noting my insanity, signalled to the slave pair whippers, and they
quickly restrained me, grasping an arm each and dragged me along behind them,
out of the mystical chamber and down the long passageway to the door to our
private chamber.

Twat one was both surprised, and immensely pleased when it fell to her to suck
off the prick of the door slave in my stead. No doubt, in my present state, I
may have physically damaged the slave had the task been left to me. As soon as
twat one had drained the slave's balls our door was opened and we entered the
chamber. Our slave pair body sluts knelt waiting for us, obvious eager for the
bout of sexual gymnastics they knew was about to start. The two lascivious
little harlots may not have been so eager had they known what was coming.
Strangely, one of the slave pair whippers threw an evil looking bull whip onto
the floor of our chamber just before he and the other two left.

Almost as soon as I was released I fell on the cute slut two, turned her over
onto her front, and drove the entire length of my horrifically aroused cock up
her hot, tight little arsehole, to the hilt, in one powerful stroke. The cute,
lewd harlot squealed in both hurt and excitement at this action. Hurt because
her tight arse ring was so rudely stretched open by my brutal invasion, and
excitement because she was once again being used sexually. For my part, my
entire being was concentrated on the unbelievable arousal that blocked every
other thought from my mind, save that of relieving the sexual madness that had
invaded every corner of my tenuous consciousness.

I raped the spasming arse pit of the lascivious little slave girl with no
thought for her pleasure, or even her well being. She was just a convenient,
albeit compliant vessel for my insane lust. My enormous, wildly throbbing cock
ploughed in and out of her convulsing arsehole with feral ferocity until, in a
fit of ecstasy my swollen, aching balls shed an ocean of boiling man juice into
her churning depths. The power of my climax had absolutely no effect on the
intensity of my lust. My huge prick remained pulsatingly erect and my nuts
remained as swollen and aching as they had been prior to the orgasm.

I roughly rolled the whore over, and drove my aching length into her silky cunt
pit with the same savagery as before, and was soon violating that sex pit with
the same ferocity as I had displayed with my rape of her tender arsehole. This
time I grasped the adorable slave's head and drove her face against the drooling
trench of my female sex. Slut two gasped for breath, in danger of drowning in
the flood of girl juice that literally poured from my writhing split. Her mouth
and tongue were soon engaged, however, in sucking on my steel hard girl prick as
though her life depended on it, and perhaps it did.

My thought projections remained an indecipherable babble to the others in the
chamber. The only thing certain to them, and to the sexually abused slut two in
particular, was that I was not to be stopped in my quest for relief. Twat one
and slut one looked on in excited awe while I fucked slut two's brains out, and
flooded her writhing cunt tube in a deluge of ripe steaming cock cream. Without
a thought I ripped my aching cock from the liquid grasp of slut two's spasming
pussy, turned her squirming nudity around, and drove her mouth down onto my
raging erection. The little slave had no choice but to swallow my throbbing
length, and try to inhale whenever she was allowed some respite.

At the same time I thrust my own face between her quivering thighs and feasted
on my own sex issue that flowed so profusely from both her holes of depravity.
No sooner had I emptied her sex of my juices than my insatiable prick again
erupted, and bathed the gagging whore's wildly gulping mouth in yet another
eruption of male sexuality. Slut two gulped down my load in a frenzy of what was
slowly becoming a single minded concentration on pure survival. Yet again a
cataclysmic orgasm seemed to have precisely no effect on my own level of sexual
arousal, and immediately I had turned slut two's wriggling nakedness around, and
was savagely raping her arse pit once again.

In my fevered state I repeated my three way violation of the poor slut two
without let up until she was a mere rag doll devoid of any response to my needs.
Her cunt pit, arse tube and mouth were all rubbed raw from the actions of my
ever hard and hot prick, and her own sexuality was incapable of pleasurable
reaction to her violation any longer. Without a second thought I threw the spent
harlot aside, and fell upon slut two, tearing her from the embrace of twat one,
to that slave's complete outrage. I threw myself onto this little harlot, and
was soon brutally raping her, as I had done her sister slave.

Twat one's anger grew and grew while she watched me ravish what she considered
to be her personal slut over and over, until that whore too, had been completely
exhausted sexually, and joined her sister harlot as a completely spent animal,
collapsed on the huge bed. Still my own arousal had not waned, and I tried in
vain to get to twat one, only to be frustrated by the invisible barrier that
kept us from touching each other. Twat one, of course, would have fought me
every inch of the way even if that barrier not existed, for her anger at me
because I had raped her personal sex animal without even asking her knew no
bounds, and it showed clearly on her beautiful features, not to mention in her
subsequent actions.

The wrathful slave girl retrieved the bull whip that had been left in our
chamber, fully intending to use it to fend off my crazed actions. When I saw
this something in my deranged brain snapped, and I threw my sweating nudity to
the floor before the whip wielding harlot. I spread my knees and thrust my
gyrating crotch out towards her. My hands clasped behind my head in instinctive
submission, causing the swollen mounds of my enormous tits to thrust out in
surrender. My thoughts became an uncontrolled outpouring of pleas and
exhortations to her to punish my with all the savagery she could command.

Such was the state of twat one's own mind by this time, she was only too pleased
to accede to my pleading. I howled and wailed in ecstatic agony when the lash of
the brutal bull whip exploded on the tender meat of my fabulous tits, causing
them to erupt in pain and suffering. Twat one wielded the barbaric whip with all
her considerable strength, and without a shred of mercy. Soon my tits were
covered with bleeding welts and abrasions and burned with pain. Tears coursed
down my cheeks and howls of anguish erupted from my crazed brain, only to be
drowned out by my pleas for my tormentor to whip my pain soaked udders with
increased ferocity, intermixed with shrieks for her to lash my cunt split
instead, and to thrash my aching girl prick with all her might.

Twat one needed no second urging to comply with my entreaty. My thoughts of
anguish even aroused the exhausted slave pair body sluts from their stupor and
soon they were embracing while they watched in awe as twat one continued to lash
my swollen, bleeding cunt split, causing its pungent juices to fly with each
lash of the awful weapon of punishment. I was still in a state of complete lust
crazed masochistic ecstasy while my punished cunt erupted in orgasm after orgasm
to the incessant fall of the cruel whip on its tender meat.

All of a sudden I threw my trunk back until my wounded tits pointed straight up
towards the ceiling. Then with a supreme effort I spread my legs until they were
splayed so wide that they formed a straight line, and raised my groin up. This
offered the achingly stiff length of my throbbing prick, together with the fat,
swollen yearning orbs of my tender balls in complete surrender and vulnerability
to the whip wielding slave girl.

My thought projections became insane pleadings for her to transfer the
attentions of the cruel whip to the offered male sexuality. Entreaties to her to
whip the pulsating pole of lust without mercy, and to thrash the sensitive, sap
filled nuts with the utmost cruelty. My howls of anguish completely drowned out
all other thoughts in the chamber when the lash of the whip exploded on the
spongy meat of the drooling head of my pulsating prick. I wailed and shrieked in
ecstatic agony to the exquisite sensations that flooded my being with each
brutal fall of the barbarically wielded whip.

My acutely suffering cock seemed to harden even more, if that were possible, the
more it suffered, and the tight balls at the base of the blood splattered stalk
seemed to grow until I was again certain they must explode. The fat orbs did
explode, with a force that almost made me lose my mind with pain and agony. They
did this when twat one whipped them with all her might, her own projections
shrieking with triumph at my reaction to her sadistic brutality.

Stream after stream of pale thick, hot man juice jetted from the top of my pain
soaked prick and arched up towards the ceiling of the chamber. The geysers of
male sex cream almost reached to the ceiling with each cataclysmic eruption.
Twat one continued to lash the exploding stalk of male sexuality with all her
might while it erupted over and over in a seemingly never ending kaleidoscope of
lust. My brain existed in a state of perfect masochistic paradise of depraved
rapture. My entire existence was concentrated on my release. It was as if I was
able to experience each explosion of sexual release in ultimate slow motion. I
could sense the rush of each burst of ball cream as it streaked up the length of
my pulsating prick, could feel the gaping of my prick split as it was forced
open to allow the stream of boiling sex cream to escape.

My aching balls flexed wildly as they forced each flood of sex cream from their
seemingly inexhaustible reservoir. On and on it went. I was suspended in a state
of masochistic paradise from which I was certain that I would never come down
from. And how I prayed that it would be so. To be condemned to such a glorious
fate would be beyond hope for a slave such as I. But, of course, all things must
come to an end, and so did my lust crazed euphoria. Actually, it happened
suddenly, and without warning.

Just as a stroke of the cruel whip scored my bleeding prick the tormented organ
collapsed into my cum soaked crotch. My legs all of a sudden gave way, and I
collapsed onto the stone floor of the chamber in a swoon of sexual exhaustion.
My eyes gazed up at the commanding nudity of my beloved slave girl tormentor.
She stood, with sweat pouring from her naked body, gasping for breath from her
exertions, like a marathon runner at the completion of the race. The cruel whip
trailed from her hand on the floor next to her and she stared down at my
collapsed body with a look of confusion, laced with a gleam of sadistic
satisfaction radiating from her beautiful, violet eyes.

I gazed up from the floor at her with utter love and devotion pouring from my
sated brain in a continuous stream of adoration. Twat one's cock had reared up,
stiff and throbbing, from between her fabulous tits, betraying the level of her
own lust, aroused in her by her dominating behaviour. She threw down the blood
splattered whip and fell onto our huge bed. Slut one and slut two, now slightly
recovered from their recent ordeal, both fell on twat one. Slut one's sensual
mouth was soon passionately sucking on twat one's burgeoning cock while the
adorable slut two lay between twat one's widely separated thighs and the
lascivious little creature feasted on the slave's flooded pussy.

I watched the trio play for a few minutes before I was able to drag my exhausted
body over to the bed and to clamber up onto it. The three female slaves took
ages to slake their lusts, or should I say that it took an eon for the slave
pair body sluts to exhaust my beloved twat one's highly aroused lust, and by the
time they had I was almost asleep. My final conscious sensation was of the warm,
nude body of my darling slut two curling up against me, and her pouting mouth
suckling tenderly of one of my rubbery teats in sublime contentment.




Chapter 15 - Life in the Realm

Something strange happened after that night when twat one and I had engaged in
the session of self abuse for the entertainment of our celestial rulers. The
adorable slut two and I, almost by default, slipped into an existence, when all
four of us were in the relative privacy of our chamber, of slaves to slut one
and twat one respectively. The measured edge of twat one's submissiveness, and
her latent sadistic tendencies had never been all that far from the surface if I
looked back on our life together. I had always been much more readily compliant
than she and, as such, an unlike her, the thought of harbouring even the
slightest dominant tendency had never even entered my mind.

The gorgeous little slut two closely matched me in almost every submissive
respect, while slut one was a soul sister for twat one. That is not to say that
they were not submissive, rather that those two were able to swing both ways, so
to speak. They were true hedonists, taking delight in variety, pleasure in
difference activities. Twat one, as time passed, in particular, began to exhibit
dominant tendencies to an ever increasing degree. This did not affect her
performance as a slave of the realm, but did reduce her enjoyment of that
service to an ever increasing degree of dissatisfaction. In fact, I was becoming
increasingly worried that her growing disenchantment with her position might be
noticed by Overlord Sextius, not to mention the deities. But it didn't really
matter to me in any way, other than in the sense that it might reflect on my
performance and, more importantly, cause some change in my station.

With this trend, if only in private, my life actually became more exciting, and
gratifying. I was an absolutely submissive and utterly depraved slave outside
our chamber, only to remain so even when we were alone in our own private haven.
In short, while twat one and slut one received some respite from servile
degradation slut two and I, deliciously, were no longer afforded even this. We
revelled in it. In fact, I found myself actually looking forward to our private
sessions more than any other, except for service in the chamber of the Gods.

The delicious slut two, too, was kept in slavery without respite for, when twat
one and I were out performing our services slut one was sure to keep her in
total submission at all times. Over the years, or were they centuries, or even
millennium, I don't know, various implements of correction and bondage
mysteriously appeared in our chamber, and were of significant assistance to twat
one and slut one in maintaining the submission of I and my new slave lover. We
spent many a night wallowing in our submission at the hands of our Mistresses,
and adored every second of it.

Strangely the repetitive nature of our service as sex slaves in no way led to
boredom with routine. It always seemed that each new period of service was new
and exciting not, withstanding the fact that we had undertaken it on innumerable
previous occasions. One thing that did puzzle me, however, was that twat one and
I had never been permitted to perform together, even though such an event had
been foreshadowed frequently by Overlord Sextius. We did not grow apart because
of this in any true sense, probably because twat one punished me so often and,
even though it was the slave slut one who often attended to my bondage or
punishment during these sessions, it was always under the direction of twat one.

We soon found out what service to the throne slaves meant. I shall never forget
the sensations of pure terror when twat one and I knelt in that special
courtyard while the six throne slaves were whipped by all three slave pairs
whippers, while they hung, suspended by their enormous soft tits. Initially the
slaves' projections were completely incoherent squawks for more savage
punishment, with no clear reason, except, perhaps, for the lessening of their
insanity. But as the relentless whipping progressed, the thoughts of the crazed
female slaves became more and more directed towards twat one and I. Warning us
of the dire consequences for us should we fail to ease their sexual craze.

We were warned of being fucked to death, of having our cocks, or girl pricks
chewed off if we did not satisfy them completely. While we always suspected that
such events would, in the final sense, be prevented, by either overseers, or
slave pair whippers, we were never quite sure that this would be the case, and
thus lived in terror during these sessions.

Eventually, when the slave pair whippers decided that the lusts of the throne
slaves were sufficiently subdued to ensure our safety they would be released,
and allowed to use us. We were then in for hour after hour of the most frenzied,
and prologued sexual service imaginable. My cock would always be sore, and ache
heroically after one of these sessions, and my balls would also ache ferociously
after having had so many loads extracted from them by the feral cunts,
arseholes, and mouths of the throne slaves. My tongue would always feel as
though it had been torn out by the roots, after pleasuring so much insatiable
cunt split, not to mention voracious arse chasm for so long.

We were always totally exhausted physically, mentally, and sexually after a
session serving throne slaves, even to the extent that we were neither able, nor
willing to pleasure our slave pair body sluts when returning from such service.
We would normally collapse on our bed after such a session, after having been
bathed and soothed, and would content ourselves with watching the two little
sluts make passionate love together for hour after hour, an activity I was sure
they also engaged in constantly while we were out.

While twat one and I, for some unknown reason, were never permitted to perform
with each other, either in the presence of the deities, or as part of our normal
duties, the same could not be said of performing with the other designated sex
slaves. We were frequently required to put on our exhibitions of sexual
depravity and masochistic excess with either slave pair pricks, or slave pair
cunts, or, on occasion, both. Needless to say, whenever we performed with both
sets it fell to me to rut with slave pair pricks and twat one to do the same
with slave pair cunts. It seemed that, as with all the other dominators I had
been involved with, the deities enjoyed forcing heterosexual males to engage
other males sexually as a matter of course. Not that I minded, having long since
reconciled myself to the fact that I had become a true bisexual animal who loved
to play with lovely hot, stiff prick as much as I did with equally hot, juicy
cunt split. This state of mind was, I guess, reinforced by the fact that I now
possessed a cunt split of my own anyway.

On not a few occasions I was subjected to the magical beams the God and Goddess
used to titillate slaves when the fancy took them. My reaction was always the
same, of course, and I spent many hours driven almost insane with sexual lust as
a result, and the adorable little slut two suffered considerably as I used her
to try to ease my mad lust. It was always slut two who suffered at my hands
after these events as slut one was off limits to me by then. On every occasion,
of course, I easily exhausted slut two long before my own passions had eased,
and had to be whipped to exhaustion by twat one, frequently assisted by slut one
in this endeavour. We even found out that slut one had taken to punishing slut
two in our absence, as time went on.

A number of significant events occurred involving performances involving field
slaves in exhibitions, normally following anniversaries of the establishment of
the realm, and such like. The darling slut two, after one such event, was
subjected to the maddening beams of our rulers, and it was my turn to suffer
excruciating sexual excess at her hands, and even though I knew that she adored
her suffering, my heart went out to the delightful creature when it took the
whip to eventually exhaust her obscene lust.

We spent an inordinate number of hours catering to the bizarre tastes of the
kitchen serfs, and I never really got used to the degradation involved in those
particular sessions, and I knew that twat one grew to actually hate them. Our
feelings in this respect, of course, were never allowed to interfere with the
depravity of our service, nor the apparent alacrity with which we performed it.
To have been less than so would have brought dire consequences for us from the
brutal Overlord Sextius, whose affection for these slaves was always obvious.

The constant attentions to the various slave pair whippers kept us in awe of
their strength and power, as did the presence of Overlord Sextius and his group
of permanent overseers. For my part, I encouraged the attentions of the
dominants for it usually resulted in me being permitted to suck loads of sex
cream from their perennially erect, and throbbing pricks. Twat one, however,
always took care to ensure that she was the subject of their attentions much
less frequently.

After lord knows how much time had passed strange things began to happen. It
appeared that the numbers of field slaves was gradually being reduced. This did
not result in any lessening of our labour of lust, it just meant that we
pleasured those left more frequently during a shift. It was also soon apparent
that the numbers of decorative slaves, too, began to reduce. It was as if the
realm was shrinking, and there was no longer the need for so many slaves to
maintain it.

The kitchen staff always remained the same, however, and we didn't make too much
of the apparent changes taking place. Overlord Sextius was absent from the realm
on numerous occasions while these changes were taking place, and our speculation
grew as to what was happening. Sessions with the deities became both more
numerous, and often involved more and more slave at a time. It was as if they
were trying to cram in as much sexual depravity as they could in the shortest
possible time. We, of course, were not complaining, especially twat one, who
revelled in sheer sexual debauchery as a means of assuaging her growing, less
than submissive characteristics. It was as if she thought that unbridled
exhibitions of lust somehow lessened the sense that she was a slave with no real
will of her own.

I, of course, also revelled in the enhanced lechery. But for me it was always
seen as yet more opportunity to display the absolute servility of my nature.
Indeed, more and more of my displays and demonstrations depicted pain and
suffering as the dominant theme, rather than mere sexual depravity. The
inevitable rewards lavished on me by the deities tended to infuriate twat one
even more. It got to the stage where I began to think that her love for me was
in fact turning to hatred. This was not the case, as she continually made me
aware, especially after she had punished me for some imagined short coming in
the privacy of our own chamber. Rather, she seemed to treat me more as a
cherished pet than a lover, a sort of change of status was gradually being
asserted.

As time passed the number of field and decorative slaves lessened more and more.
Even a few of the overseers had disappeared. This continued until, first there
were no decorative slaves left at all, and then all field slaves had
disappeared. All but one slave pair whippers had also disappeared. This was
especially difficult for me, for I lived for their savagely delivered
punishments, and these were significantly reduced once some of these had
apparently left. Both twat one and I began to worry about what was happening.
Slut one and slut two were not as aware as us of the changes in the realm as
they were never permitted to leave our private chamber for any reason. We kept
them informed of the troubling trend, and we all tried to make some sense of it.

Eventually, the only people who seemed to still be present in the realm were the
deities, of course, Overlord Sextius, our slave pair body sluts, and us. It was
then that we were all summoned to the chamber of the Gods, and all was revealed,
heralding a new direction for all of our lives.




Chapter 16 - The end of the Realm

We entered the chamber of the Gods in the normal obscene and degrading fashion,
but something was missing. Although my cock was stiff and throbbing, it was not
subjected to the all powerful aroma that entry into that magical place had
always engendered. In fact, there was an almost complete absence of the potent,
aphrodisiacal atmosphere. Our slave pair body sluts were beside themselves with
excitement at being permitted to be in the presence of the deities. They, of
course, were ignorant of any of the recent changes in the realm, as well as the
alteration of the normal environment.

The deities both stood where their human thrones used to be situated, and were
the only beings present in the chamber. We knelt before them, performing as
obscenely as we could not withstanding the absence of the maddening atmosphere.
They gazed down at our rutting nudities with expressions of what could only be
described as affection. My heart pounded with a mixture of contentment and
dread, contentment because of the obvious show of fondness, and dread that
something awful must have happened to denude the realm of its population.

Overlord Sextius stood off to one side of us, his twin pricks not even in full
erection. Each marvellous pole of male sexuality arched out from the top of his
thigh at an angle of forty five degrees. A fleeting thought projected from my
tense mind that a few seconds under the ministrations of my adoring mouth would
soon have his cocks showing appropriate deference to the God and Goddess. My
projection elicited a small chortle of derisive, yet affectionate response from
the Divine Goddess Aphrodisia, and I glowed with pleasure because of it. Then
the Divine God Heroditas became to project:

"We are sure that your must be wondering what is going on, little pets." He
began, "In short, Divine Goddess Aphrodisia and I have been pardoned by the
rulers of our world, and our exile has been revoked. We are to return to our
home world immediately. All realm slaves have been released, and returned to
your own world. Each was given a choice as to what they would return to, and
their wishes have been satisfied without exception. Many wished to return to
what would be conceived as a normal existence. Others, of a more profoundly
submissive nature, had their wishes to be sold as slaves catered to." He
continued, giving us a couple of examples, such as:

"The slave pair cunts sought to be sold as sex slaves to cruel owners who would
see that they lived out their existence in a pit of degradation and suffering.
To this end they were sold to a brothel in Africa where their beautiful white
bodies will be used and abused by black dominators without any thought to their
dignity or well being. The slave pair pricks were similarly on sold to an arab
brothel which caters solely to homosexuals. They will spend the rest of their
lives submitting to, an providing pleasure to cruel and inhuman males." The
Divine Goddess Aphrodisia took over, and continued:

"Our most devoted and dedicated servant, Overlord Sextius, is to be rewarded for
his unstinting service to us throughout our long exile by being permitted to
join us on our home world. Our petition to the Ruler for this to be allowed has
been granted, and he will become one of us. As for you four, you have proven to
be our most prized possessions, and we have unbounded affection for you. You
have been studied in detail, every second that you have been in our possession.
All of your innermost thoughts and desires have been monitored, not only for our
amusement, but in readiness for this day." She turned her attention to twat one
and slut one, who knelt side by side, the proceeded:

"You, my dear," She commented, indicating the gorgeous twat one, "Have fought to
control a growing dominating nature for many millennium. But, such is you
devotion to us, you have always managed to suppress it when serving us, so as
not to displease us. However, in the perceived privacy of your own chamber you
let your dominant nature take over, and we were given many deliciously
entertaining scenarios to savour when you, and your little colleague in
domination, played with the these two, infinitely submissive little pets." She
concluded, indicating slut two and I. The Divine God Heroditas then, once again,
took over:

"We would have you, twat one, surrender to your dominant temperament completely,
so that our reward for your service can be complete. Stand, child, a dominant
does not debase herself before anyone, let alone in the presence of slaves."
Twat one struggled to her feet, and ceased to display her voluptuous nudity in
servile degradation. Her eyes shone with new found confidence and power, and she
gazed back at the deities as if she were their equal. "That's better," Divine
God Heroditas continued, "Now to other things. You are, no doubt, well aware
that we have extensive holdings, and influence, in your world, and especially
within the principality of Natchez, where you were taken."

I wondered just what would be left of that place, given the amount of time we
had spent in the realm. In fact, I wondered whether there was an earth still in
existence after all those apparent millennium. This dilemma was soon to be
resolved as Divine God Heroditas continued:

"Time, in the realm does not pass in the fashion to which you have been
accustomed. Although, you seemed to have existed for many millennia in your
time, your former world has aged by less than one of your years in that time. We
have decided to bequeath all of our holdings to you, my dear, property,
businesses, funds and investments. It will all be yours to do with as you seem
fit. We have taken the liberty, and hope that you will embrace the opportunity,
to offer you in marriage to the King of Natchez. The principality has only
recently been declared a kingdom, mainly, we believe, to cater to the burgeoning
ego of its absolute ruler, Prince, now King Kalia. When he declared himself king
he decided to take a consort, and when your talents and beauty were shown to him
by our faithful Overlord Sextius, he proved extremely anxious that the merger be
consummated. You see, my dear, King Kalia is all powerful in the political
sense, but his finances leave something to be desired. You will offer him the
obvious benefits of untold wealth, and he will bring to you the deliciously
enticing endowment of unbridled power over your subjects."

I noted that twat one, standing proudly before her benefactors, had stilled the
erotically submissive gyrations of slut one, projecting to the slave girl, while
she was to remain on her knees to signify her submission to twat one, she need
not display herself in demeaning and obscenely degrading lewdness, as she was to
become a dominant, albeit of much lesser stature, as twat one herself. My long,
thick, achingly stiff prick throbbed visibly when I realised that slut two and I
were now the only true slaves left in the realm. A quick glance down at slut
two's erotically undulating groin showed that she too was experiencing the
delicious humiliation of the moment, her smooth skinned cunt split slick with
the shining juices of her extreme arousal.

A life sized heliographic image of a dusky, well built, relatively young male,
dressed in the robes of royalty, appeared before us, and Divine Goddess
Aphrodisia continued:

"This is the King, my little princess." She commented, and then inquired
coquettishly, "Does he meet with your approval? Do you think it would be fun to
be his queen? Would you like to share absolute power with a man of such
commanding, and sensual power? You are aware, I'm sure, of his sexual
preferences from your own previous exposure to his kingdom. Do you wish to have
the proposal consummated?"

Twat one was quick to give her ascent to the planned marriage, her brain already
alive to the prospects such a union would provide for her, to give full reign to
her growing dominant fantasies. "I was sure that you would jump at this
opportunity my dear." Divine Goddess Aphrodisia commented with the chortle of a
knowing superior. "To that end we had already conveyed such an agreement to the
King and, even now, he is eagerly awaiting your arrival. Now, to the future for
of our other little pets. We are sure that you will want to take the adorable
slut one with you. We have, of course, noted your growing fondness for her, not
to mention your fostering of her latent dominant tendencies. We also think that
the other two, being so obviously devoted to you, and being so deliciously
submissive, would probably die of shame and sorrow if you didn't choose to take
them with you to your new life. Is my reading of your probable attentions
correct, my little princess?" The glowing Goddess asked slyly.

I held my breath, as did the lust filled slut two. Twat one made a show of
considering the option, mainly to keep us on tenter hooks, not because there was
actually any real chance of her denying us the opportunity to remain what we had
been for centuries now, her abject, and utterly adoring slaves. She finally
nodded, in the affirmative, to the deities who acknowledged her compliance with
knowing smiles of contentment. The Divine God Heroditas then began to project
once again:

"Now to the small matter of the modifications we had made to your bodies. It has
been our will, alone, that made these possible, and continue to allow them to be
kept in place. Once you are no longer subjected to our sphere of influence I am
afraid that your prick and balls, and the slut, cock one's cunt split will
disappear once again. In the matter of cock one, however, he will retain his
tits as these were grown naturally, using hormone mixtures. Your normal mode of
communication, of course, will be returned to you. Unfortunately, your tongues
will have to remain in their current form, but we do note that you have both
become entirely proficient in controlling them since you have resided in our
realm." Twat one made as if to interrupt the God, and he allowed her to project
her inquiry. I flushed with shame when what she wanted was made clear to the
group. The beautiful slut asked:

"Would it be possible, Divine God Heroditas, to have the rest of cock one's body
feminised. I would like the only things about him to remain male to be his cock,
and his mind. I think it necessary for a slave harlot like him to suffer the
shame of always knowing that he is female in every way, except for his
sexuality, that he will be seen as a female with a cock, rather than a male with
tits. Whenever I have him suck a cock, I want his mind to know that he is a male
too, so that the level of his humiliation is always deep seated, and complete.
Also, Divine God Heroditas, would it be possible to enhance the tits of the slut
whore, slut two. I think it unsatisfactory for a slave whore like her to sport a
set of tits that are so small."

The Divine God Heroditas looked to his consort quizzically. She thought for a
few seconds and then made up her mind, and began to project:

"Yes, twat one, I think that we can grant you these small favours as they are
largely physical and will not be dependent on the power of our wills to
influence them. Indeed, my dear, I think we can assist you even further. We
shall ensure that your two slaves remain sexually insatiable, able to perform at
superhuman levels of debauchery, not to mention to retain the ability to absorb
cruel and inhuman punishment, much the same as you have all been able to do in
your service to us in the realm. Indeed, my dear, I think we shall leave you
with the ability to read others' minds, although, unfortunately, we will not be
able to allow you to continue to communicate telepathically. Being able to read
others thoughts will allow you to ensure that your slaves are always monitored
in their submission to you, even when they think that they are enjoying privacy.
Also, sweet child, this ability should allow you to protect yourself from any
who might become enemies in your world. We are sure that your wealth and power
will be regarded with envy by many in your world. Now, slut two and cock one,
come before us, and we will deal with you as your dominator has decreed."

Slut two, and I, crawled before the standing deities, still cavorting obscenely
for their continued amusement. We waited for them to turn their magical
attentions to us. I could discern a thought of pleasure and anticipation in the
cute slut two. The prospect of having her tits grown was obviously much to her
liking. For my own part, I had mixed feelings about being further feminised. On
the one hand it was exciting, I certainly enjoyed having tits, not to mention a
cunt, since being in the realm. But that was easy because of the uninhibited,
hedonistic nature of the place. It would be an entirely different prospect,
being obviously feminised, when one existed in the normal world and, of course,
once the changes were in place they would not be reversible. Never the less,
naturally, I welcomed the coming changes, for they had been decreed by my new
Mistress, and I would always accept, without demure, anything done to me that
would make her happy.

Suddenly, slut two and I were enveloped in an eerie glow of pale blue light. The
lascivious undulations of our naked bodies were forcibly stilled. I gazed
helplessly down at my own nudity in growing awe, watching it being slowly
transformed. It was with an initial sense of loss that I saw the cunt slowly
disappear until my torso, below my bulging tits, was once again smooth skinned.
Then I watched as my waist began to shrink, and the manly muscles that I had
worked so hard to perfect for my visual beauty, on my arms and legs began to
soften. Within a short time I found that my thighs had grown fuller and
smoother, and my belly had become flatter and more delicately sculpted. I noted
that my face was softening noticeably, and when I was able to see my reflection
in one of the chamber's walls I flushed to see that my features were taking on
all the aspects of beautiful femininity.

After about ten minutes the glow surrounding slut two and I dissolved and the
process was complete. I took stock of my transformed body, flushing with
delicious shame at how I now looked, feminine in every respect, except for the
enormous, erect, and throbbing cock, with its attendant aching swollen balls
tight at its base, sprouting up and out from my smooth skinned groin. My thighs
were full and shapely, my arse slabs round and smooth, my waist slender and
belly flat and soft. My face had changed only perspectively, but had taken on a
softer feminine look, and, even if I do say so myself, was quite beautiful.

After admiring my reflection for a few seconds I turned my attention to slut
two, and found that her previously pert, perfectly shaped tits had grown to
truly magnificent proportions. Not that the huge mounds were any less gorgeous
in their new, incredibly embellished dimensions, but rather that they sat so
proud on her slender torso, so large that at least four inches of each bulged
out on either side of her trunk. Slut two, herself, gazed down at her tits with
her mouth gaping in shock, but her eyes radiating sheer erotic excitement, and
sensual happiness at what had been done to her.

I glanced over to where twat one was standing and saw that her chest no longer
sported a set of male genitalia. I wondered if the loss of this had disappointed
her, but even if it did, then the disappointment certainly didn't show in her
now imperious eyes. With the transformations complete the deities continued on
with their discourse:

"Now that that is finished my pets." Divine Goddess Aphrodisia projected, "We
hope that your enhancements are satisfactory. Now, all that remains is to inform
you of the arrangements that the faithful Sextius has made for your re-entry
into your previous domain. You will find that all assets accumulated by us by
our faithful Overlord Sextius, are now in your name, twat one. However, we have
called you by an alias, which is of no consequence other than to provide you
with a credible identity. Passport and papers have been created to cater for the
purposes of identification, and these are in that bag over there." She
continued, indicating a side table on which were an assortment of items,
including some clothing, and some items of bondage.

"We will be leaving you shortly and would advise you that you have only two or
three hours to leave the realm before the diminishing of our mystical power
renders it absolved. You must be sure to have left the portal in the force field
by this time, or you will be trapped, for eternity, in an impenetrable void.
There should be, however, ample time for you to get to the portal before the
time expires. Once you are outside the portal you should be met by staff from
the mansion in Natchez, who will arrange for your return to that place. Sextius
has ensured that arrangements for the transport of slaves are catered for."

The two deities then beckoned to Overlord Sextius to join them, and all three
joined hands. Once this had happened the trio were immediately enveloped in
bluish cone of light. The two deities then projected, in perfect unison:

"It is time to say farewell darlings. We thank you for the entertainment you
have provided for us for so long. You were always our favourites, and we enjoyed
your delicious submission, and delightfully depraved sexuality more than you can
ever imagine. We wish you all a long, and happy life in your own domain, and are
sure that your happiness will continue, along with your enjoyment of all things
hedonistic. You proved, over the millennium, to be the most perfect
practitioners of debauchery we have ever know, and have taught us much in the
way of the enjoyment of erotic pleasures. Farewell!"

With this final statement the three forms within the cone of light slowly faded,
like the final images in some movie that has just ended. The last vestiges of
their presence to disappear was the shaft of light, and when that was gone an
eerie silence descended on the chamber. Slut two and I still remained on our
knees, while twat one drew slut one up to her feet, and the two of them moved
over to the table previously mentioned, and out of our sight.

I heard low, excited whisperings from that direction, but was careful to contain
my curiosity, and resited the temptation to peak over to see what they were
doing. It would not be an auspicious beginning in my new submission to twat one,
to anger her so early in our relationship. The two of them were taken up with
whatever they were doing for almost a half an hour before both moved back over
to where slut two and I knelt, and stood before us.

My heart skipped a beat, and surges of love and adoration washed over me when I
gazed at my beloved Mistress, and her companion in domination. Twat one was
dressed in the most gorgeous, intimidating costume imaginable. Her gorgeous legs
were sheathed in the sheerest of smoky black stockings that sensually enveloped
the limbs, from stiletto heeled pumps, to the hem of a short micro mini skirt of
supple black leather. Her torso was cloaked in a fine, supple, scarlet leather
vest with a low cut neck line that allowed the tops of her magnificent breasts
to bulge out erotically, and to reveal a deep cleavage between the magnificent
mounds. She wore black leather gloves that reached almost to her armpits, and
fitted like a second skin. Her face was heavily made up with black and violet
highlights that perfectly matched her beautiful features, and her hair was piled
on the top of her head in regal fashion.

My heart pounded in excitement, and my aching prick literally throbbed with
renewed arousal at such a majestic vision of commanding loveliness. This was not
the enchanting slave girl that I had fallen so hopelessly in love with all that
time ago, it was now the flawless woman that I adored with every fibre of my
being. Twat one, noting my reaction to her new persona, and perhaps reading my
thoughts, smiled down at me, and began to speak, for the first time in an age.

"Well, little slut, I'm so glad you like the new me. You had better get used to
it, for I am never going to let you go, especially now that you are so easy on
the eye." She said with a mocking grin. She was still the same mischievous
darling, even as a domatrix. I shuddered slightly, realising that she would also
retain the same petulant streak and, having total control over me would, no
doubt, delight in seeing me suffer for my past misdemeanours. The commanding
woman's smile broadened as she read these thoughts, and I flushed with
humiliation at the realisation that I would never again be able to hide anything
from her, if she chose for it to be so.

Slut one was dressed simply, but sexily. She wore a sort of toga type slip that
draped over her pert tits, and finished just a mere inch or so below the level
of her succulent pussy. She had sandals on her feet with black leather straps
winding up to mid calf on her svelte legs. Her pretty face was made up
similarly, but a little more softly than that of twat one. She looked absolutely
adorable, but paled into insignificance when compared with the majestic, and
dominating twat one.

Slut one, at the command of twat one, soon placed leather collars around both
slut two and my necks. They fitted securely, but comfortably, and had one
substantial ring embedded in their fronts, and similar ones moulded into the
leather at their rears. Leather cuffs soon captured our hands, and these were
then attacked to the ring in the rear of our collars. Thus our arms were
awkwardly bent up our backs, making balance a precarious exercise. Slut two then
strapped sandals, similar to those she wore, but not as ornate, to our feet, and
finally helped us to stand up.

"Quickly, now, my little sluts." Twat one said, "We must be on our way. We must
get to the portal in time." The two women then strode from the room with slut
two and I padding along behind them, our huge tits bouncing erotically with our
gait. My long, hot, hard cock swayed sensually as I hurried along, my eyes
firmly fixed on the leather clad rump of my adored domatrix. My brain was filled
with thoughts of submission and worshipping adoration for the statuesque woman.

Once outside the palace I saw that two unicorns, pre-saddled, stood patiently
waiting. Long leather leads were quickly fastened to the rings at the front of
our collars, and the two domatrixes then mounted their steeds. They kicked the
animals into a brisk trot and slut two and I had no choice but to run along
behind, struggling to stop ourselves from falling flat on our faces. They kept
up a steady pace which forced us to run at close to full speed to avoid being
dragged. Neither of the riders even thought to look back to make sure we were
all right. My darling had quickly become the arrogant sadist that a true
domatrix aspired to. My heart pounded with lust and masochistic delight at this
development, as much as it did because of the sheer strenuousness of my efforts.

Slut two and my huge tits flopped wildly about on our heaving torsos while we
sprinted along behind the trotting unicorns, so wildly, in fact, that it was
almost painful. My cock had softened and it too, along with my fat balls,
flopped unrestrainedly about between my pumping thighs. Its plumb like head
slapped audibly into the smooth skin of my rounded belly from time to time.
Sweat soon began to cover slut two and my bodies as we ran non stop for what
must have been an hour or more. By the time we approached the outer limits of
the realm I was beginning to wonder whether I would be able to continue to
maintain such a punishing pace.

Fortunately, just when I thought I could no longer go on the two domatrixes
pulled their mounts up. Slut two and I stood gasping for breath, our chests
heaving uncontrollably. Sweat poured from our bodies causing our skins to shine,
even though covered with dust.

Twat one and slut one and quickly dismounted, and the latter unclipped our
leads, smiling disdainfully at our sweat and dust spattered bodies. While she
was attending to us twat one approached the force field and reached out with one
hand. Suddenly, the portal opened, and she stepped through, and back into our
world. Prodded along by slut one, we three soon followed. Once all of us were
safely on the other side of the invisible barrier, it closed up once again, and
I managed to catch one final glimpse of the magical realm where I had existed
before it disappeared for ever.

I strangely didn't feel any real sense of loss, such as I expected to when this
moment arrived. Rather my cheeks flushed hotly at my altered appearance. It was
as if the feminisation of my body was somehow much more humiliating now that I
was once again in my normal environment. Twat one, noticing this, smiled
imperiously at me. "Embarrassed, little slut," She teased, "Not to worry. I'm
sure that even the odious Lotta would have trouble recognising you now."

Twat one then began to look around. She had expected to be met by someone from
her estate, after all this had been the arrangement Overlord Sextius had
informed her of, but the clearing in the forrest was silent and empty. We then
noticed a large container, similar to the one twat one and I had been
transported in all that time ago, laying in the shade of a tree. Nailed to the
trunk of the tree was a note. Twat one walked over to the tree, and tore the
note from it and began to read. Her expression went form on of curiosity to one
of anger, and finally to a resigned acceptance. She then informed us of what had
happened:

"It seems that the estate overseer has had to leave to grease some palms to
ensure our safe conduct." She said, "This country is apparently in the midst of
a political revolution, and our safety can not be guaranteed without
considerable bribery. He expects to return with a helicopter in a few hours."
She continued, picking up a watch that had been placed on the top of the
container. "At least he has the good sense to apologise for his lack of
preparation, and says that there is a specially designed ball whip in the box,
and he will prostrate himself for appropriate punishment once we are on our
way." Twat one continued, with a hint of sadistic excitement in her voice. She
added, almost as an after thought, "I should think so too. He also says that we
should be ready for immediate departure when the helicopter arrives, as it is
exceedingly dangerous around here at this time, although we would seem to be
quite safe where we are. From the time now I calculate that we have about three
hours to kill before her returns. I shall use this time to set in place a few
basic rules for all of you to follow from now on, but first, my little sluts, I
notice that there is a stream over there." She stated, pointing to a creek that
seemed to be well stocked with cool clear water. "Go over and bath yourselves,
and return once you are both clean and dry, and we'll get on with it."

Slut one had soon unclipped our wrists from our collars, and then un-cuffed
them. Slut two and I then removed our sandals and ran down to the stream. We
plunged into the cool, refreshing waters which soon sluiced the sweat and dust
from our nude bodies. I thrilled to the feel of the cleansing waters rushing
over my skin, causing goose bumps to form all over my body. We carefully washed
ourselves for a few minutes, then left the brook. We used large palm leaves
which we tore from a nearby tree to fan each other dry, then fluffed out our
hair and repeated this until our tresses too, were relatively dry. We then
returned to twat one and slut one, and knelt, submissively before them.

As soon as I again gazed at my glorious domatrix my prick stiffened until it
stood proud and hard between my spread open thighs. I noted the slightly parted
lips of slut two's cunt split also glistened with sticky juices. Twat one looked
down at us with a superior smile, revelling in our obvious, and complete
submission to her, then she began to speak:

"First thing on the agenda," She declared, "Is the matter on new names. Since I
am soon to be a Queen you will all address me as either your Queen, or your
Majesty. Slut one shall be addressed as either your Princess, or your highness.
As for you two sluts," She continued with a chuckle, "The names you will answer
to will serve to display both your status, and your natures. Since you are the
epitome of lasciviousness, lewdness and depravity, in short, complete, and
uninhibited sluts, your names shall cry out this. You, cock one, since your
feminised body sports a prick and balls, from this day on shall be known as the
slave cockslut, and you, slut two," She continued, turning her attention to the
delightful slave girl, "Since you display a cunt split in your fork, shall hence
forth be known as the slave cuntslut."

My Queen walked around our kneeling nudities, as if inspecting us. In her had
she held a strange looking whip. I immediately realised that it must be the ball
whip the servant's note had referred to. I shuddered in dread at its unique
design, and the agony it would be capable of inflicting on appendages so tender
and sensitive as balls. It was about three feet long, and in the shape of a
riding whip, its length a flexible leather encased cane. At its business end
were a pair of steel balls the size of marbles whose surfaces were covered with
evenly spaced metal spikes about a sixteenth of an inch long, and obviously
quite sharp from the way light seemed to glitter from them. Each little ball
hung from a small length of chain, perhaps three inches long, and these chains,
in turn, were joined mid way up their length to ensure that the tiny mace like
balls could never get more than an inch or so apart.

The awesome domatrix stopped in front of me and stared down at my nudity with
pride. Unlike a previous owner of yours," She stated, "I will not deny myself
the joy of having this manly pole," She said, tapping the side of my throbbing
prick stem with the awful ball whip, "Pleasuring my silky pussy. Whenever I
choose to use it you, cockslut, of course, will be under severe restraint. We
can't have you thinking that you have any control in such a situation. It will
be me fucking you, never the other way round. In fact, you will become my living
dildo. Are you going to like being my living dildo, little cockslut?" The
teasing domatrix asked. I was not sure whether I was supposed to answer this
question, or whether it was purely rhetorical. My Queen's continued silence,
together with a slight frown of annoyance marring her beautiful features soon
told me that I was indeed, expected to answer. "I would be honoured beyond
imagination to perform as your living dildo, my Queen!" I gasped hurriedly.

"You will, of course," The domatrix continued. "Never allow these," She said,
tapping my swollen balls with the whip, "To shed their cream without my express
command, while I'm using you for my pleasure, will you cockslut?" She again
asked. This time I was ready, and answered immediately, "Never, my adored Queen,
never!" The Queen murmured her satisfaction with this response, and then
continued, causing my pulse to race with excitement at what she now said. "Also,
my sweet slave, unlike the slag Lotta, I will not be denied the pleasure of
drinking these," Again tapping my aching balls with her whip, "Dry from time to
time, straight from this," She continued, resting the cruel spiked balls of the
vicious whip on the tip of my prick, "Will you make your Queen work for her
feast, little harlot?" She again asked, teasingly. I replied, struggling to hide
my joy and happiness, "My Queen, my slave balls will surrender their essence to
you whenever you command it, and in the fashion that pleases you most!"

"Yes, my little whore," She continued, "At those times you will become my
living, spitting dildo, won't you?" This time the question was rhetorical,
because before I could provide a verbal answer, the fabulous domatrix continued,
"I shall have to design, and have built, some innovative restraining devices to
render you sufficiently helpless while I use you for my pleasure." She stated,
matter of factly, as if making mental notes to herself. "We can't have you
thinking that your purpose is anything but a plaything, harlot."

The Queen then turned her attention to cuntslut for her next announcements.
These followed a similar pattern to what she had said of me. That is, she was
going to use cuntslut for her pleasure as well, drinking her succulent little
cunt dry when the mood took her, and fucking cute harlot with anything that took
her fancy, a dildo, her fist, or whatever, adding the Princess could also use us
to her heart's content, deferring, obviously, to the wishes of the Queen
herself. The beautiful dominator then steered her discourse in an entirely new,
and degradingly exciting and terrible direction.

"You two will generally only be punished by either Princess, or myself, except
if I decide to see you used for this purpose in exhibitions, or even as mere
playthings for others in such places as S&M clubs, which I'm sure cockslut
remembers well. Princess, who will become my manager of sluts in the kingdom,
will carry out any punishments that might accrue due to less than perfect
performance. For my part, I will only punish when I feel the need to experience
that exquisite pleasure. It will be up to you, my precious little slaves, to
anticipate my desires in this respect. I'm sure you will both quickly learn how
to read my moods. You will be expected to offer yourselves for punishment
whenever you recognise that I'm feeling particularly sadistic with pleas of the
ilk, `My Queen, I, your wilful slave, offer my depraved nudity to you, to
inflict upon it the vicious and cruel punishment I so richly deserve. Please
punish me brutally, my adored Queen, for I long to suffer for your pleasure!"

I shuddered with delicious dread, imagining myself uttering such statements
while thrilling to the anticipation of the agonies that would ensue. The Queen
continued, "As I mentioned, Princess will become my manager of sluts. She will
be responsible for your grooming, costuming, training in the depraved arts, and
general discipline. In short, she will be your Mistress when you are not
required in my presence. Now, to the matters of deportment and communication."

My Queen again stood proudly before our kneeling nudities, and outlined her
requirements in these matters. "Whenever you are in my presence, but not
actually the centre of my attention, you will kneel with your foreheads pressed
to the floor, and your naked bottoms raised high. You will sway the shapely
cheeks about with slow eroticism to ensure that your status as both slaves, but
more importantly, completely perverse sluts will be apparent to any and all whom
I may be receiving. When in this position I expect this," She declared pointing
at cuntslut's cunt split, "To be completely dry," and this, "Indicating my
throbbing prick stem, "To hang soft and limp."

"Whenever I, or anyone else, should favour you by either speaking directly to
you, or by tapping your lewdly rolling bottoms, you will immediately raise your
bodies up. If you arms happen to be free you will clasp your hands behind your
heads in classic submissive posture. You legs are to be spread at least two feet
apart, and your forks are to be thrust wantonly forward. You will slowly roll
your shoulders so that your fat tits wobble and shimmy lasciviously, and you
will erotically undulate your hips so that both your bottoms and your forks are
displayed with consummate lechery. In your case, cuntslut, your cunt split must
immediately visibly dampen and your girl prick stiffen to the extent that its
tiny stalk escapes the confines of its protective sheath. You, cockslut, will
have your cock immediately stiffen, and a small globule of ball cream must
immediately be allowed to escape from your prick slit. In this way you will both
display, to whoever has honoured you by giving you their attention, the fact
that you are mere sex animals who exist in a sea of depraved debauchery, and
that your lecherous perversity has been aroused by such attention."

My Queen paused momentarily, and both cuntslut, and I immediately began
performing as she had commanded. My rock hard prick pulsed noticeably, and a
drop of creamy pre-cum escaped from my prick slit. I noted that cuntslut's twat
lips were damp with arousal, and I could just discern the tip of her girl prick
splitting the top of those fleshy lips. I rolled my shoulders, sensuously
shaking my huge tits, and undulated my hips so that my aching cock pole swayed
lewdly. I flushed with delicious humiliation at the utterly depraved sight I
must have made, performing so perversely. My Queen smiled down at us in
satisfaction, and then continued:

"Now, when it is I, or your Princess when I am not present, as soon as you have
taken up your posture of depravity you will beg to be informed of what is
required of you in a fashion such as, `My adored Queen (or Princess) how can
this lewd harlot serve you!', or should it be someone else who has favoured you
with their attention you might cry out, `Adored Mistress (or Master as the case
may be), I am the lewd slave harlot, cockslut (or cuntslut), and exist to serve
all who desire me. I will submit to anything you desire with depraved
happiness!" My Queen concluded smiling down at our continued debauched
performance with a knowing smile, before again speaking:

"Normally, you will not speak unless specifically permitted to do so. I can,
however, imagine some occasions where your input may prove beneficial,
especially if it involves your increased humiliation, or, perhaps, vividly
enhanced depravity, or even your supremely intensified suffering during
punishment. Should this be the case then, if you are in your present posture you
will thrust out your tongues to the fullest extent possible, and wag them about
like bitches in heat. If you are acknowledged then you may, with appropriate
deference, make your statement. If you are in the posture of abeyance, then you
will cease the sensually erotic undulation of your bottom, and immediately
commence to rut your arse cheeks so ferociously that you will have to
concentrate fully, just to maintain your balance. Indeed, you will rut so
fiercely that in your case, cockslut, your flaccid cock tube will slap loudly
into the split between your gorgeous arse mounds. You will maintain this furious
rutting until you are either acknowledged, or you are informed that your input
is not necessary. Princess, no doubt, in her own time, will inform you of her
own rules with regard to posture and communication when you are in her care."

"Now, I think it may be time to prepare you two for travel." My Queen declared,
swishing that evil ball whip around with mocking savagery. "I think I will
punish my servant when we are finally on our way. I think he should have had the
foresight to have planned our departure more carefully, and he certainly should
never have put my person at risk. The trouble is, I've never used a whip like
this one before, so I'm going to kill two birds with one stone." She commented
icily, sending shivers of apprehension up and down my spine.

"You may be assured, cockslut, that I have not forgotten your selfish actions
when we made our initial trip to this place, and for that I'm going to punish
you with this lovely whip. You will receive your just punishment, and I will get
to practice with this instrument of torment." The cruel domatrix thought for a
few seconds, and then, with a chuckle on mocking arrogance, continued. "Your
little companion in submission will decide how long you are to suffer, cockslut.
While you present your fat balls to me for punishment you will thrust your
obscene tongue as far into the depths of cuntslut's lascivious cunt pit as you
are able. You will then keep the lewd slug completely still. The whore,
cuntslut, will then work her lecherous cunt pit on it until she gushes her slut
juices. Now, get into position, harlots, just thinking about this has made me
anxious to begin!"

My heart pounded with sheer excited dread at the pain that was about to be
visited on my tender balls. Cuntslut quickly changed her position until she was
able to manoeuvre her arse up to my face. She then savagely arched her back so
that the lips of her drooling cunt split splayed wide open, and her dripping
hole gaped lewdly before my excited eyes. The spicy aroma of excited woman sex
filled my senses as my lips reached out to touch the slippery meat of her gash.
I drove my long tongue deeply into the waiting hole, shivering with lust when
the elastic muscled tube clasped the oral organ in its voracious grasp, like a
greedy dog with a particularly succulent bone.

As soon as my tongue was buried as deeply as I could possibly get it in the
writhing cunt tube I arched my own back as severely as I could. This action
presented the swollen balls at the base of my raging erection as defencelessly
as possible, in readiness for their imminent torment. I didn't have long to
wait. A low whistle heralded the descent of the brutal whip. A muffled shriek of
agony was torn from my throat when the metal balls smashed into the sensitive
meat of my balls, and a surge of pure pain enveloped my consciousness in
barbaric shock.

Stroke after merciless stroke was delivered by my fabulous Queen. She displayed
the cruelty of a natural sadist while she relentlessly whipped my suffering
nuts. I could not believe that a person who had so recently been a slave herself
could prove so deliciously heartless. My brain sang in masochistic ecstasy, and
I found myself eagerly awaiting each savage blow, thrusting my shuddering arse
cheeks higher and higher, as if pleading for my punishment to continue. I sobbed
in anguish, and tears soon poured down my cheeks, while my suffering sex pills
were brutally flayed by the exquisitely brutal whip, wielded so wonderfully
cruelly by my stupendous Queen.

Soon my tongue was being throttled by the interior muscles of my darling
cuntslut's enthusiastic cunt tube. She wrung it out until I was afraid that she
might actually tear it out by its roots. But I didn't care. I was suffering
immaculately, and my senses were inundated with that most luscious of flavours,
hot, steamy, highly aroused cunt. A shriek of ecstasy proclaimed the arrival of
cuntslut's climax, and her spicy juices flowed from her convulsing swamp like a
great flood of unbridled sexual fulfilment. Her writhing tube massaged my deeply
buried tongue with almost feral vigour, and all I could do was wallow in my
anguished misery, and accept what was my fate with masochistic elation.

As soon as my Queen had ascertained that cuntslut's wild orgasm had exhausted
itself, she ceased to thrash my now grotesquely swollen balls, and commanded us
both to resume our normal postures. I sobbed with pain while I adopted the
required pose. A quick glance down at my abused balls confirmed my initial
fears. The brutalised orbs had swollen to almost twice their normal size, and
were bruised and battered terribly. They ached and ached, and I was happy to
wallow in the slowly fading agony that still racked my entire being.

My Queen once again stood before us. "Did it hurt terribly, little slut?" She
inquired mockingly, and before I could answer, continued, "Well you know you
deserved it, you incorrigible whore. You will just have to learn that
selfishness is a vice that I will not tolerate in my slaves. Now, let's get you
packed away." She said, glancing at her watch. "We only have an hour or so
before that errant servant of mine is due to return."

Princess already had the lid of the container open and I was commanded to lay in
the box first. I was fixed into my bondage in much the same fashion as I
remembered from before. I couldn't move a muscle. Well, that's not entirely
true. When I tested my bonds I found that I was actually able to move my chest
around in tiny circles, and I was able to rut my hips perhaps a half an inch, up
and down. My aching prick had been lightly clamped at its thick base, mainly to
ensure that it would remain erect while we travelled. Once the two domatrixes
had finished with me, they set about attending to cuntslut's bondage.

Her ravishing nudity was arranged above mine, and rendered absolutely immovable.
When our domatrixes had finished our bodies were roughly parallel, my face below
cuntslut's, our teats almost touching, and cuntslut's still moist cunt split
poised above my straining prick. Princess then proceeded to lightly clamp our
teats so the rubbery nubbins swelled even more, until their tips actually did
touch, sending a shiver of delight through my strapped down nudity. The pert
young domatrix then reached into cuntslut's crotch and quickly, and efficiently
frigged the helpless slave's girl prick until that tiny organ was as stiff as
steel. The domatrix then retracted the foreskin from the little tube of female
sexuality to its fullest extent, causing fully a half an inch of the stalk to be
bared. She then effectively clamped this in place achieving the twofold purpose
of keeping the girl prick both stiff, and bare. Princess then she slightly
adjusted cuntslut's tight bondage. I shivered with delight when the purpose for
this small adjustment became obvious. The cute whore's excited girl prick was
driven to its fullest extent into the slit in the tip of my cock. Once this
objective had been achieved, cuntslut's bonds were again tightened until she
could not move a muscle.

My Queen's beautiful face appeared above our heads, just before the lid of the
container was screwed back into place. "Well, cockslut," She stated, "I have one
more cruel joke to play on you in retribution for your selfishness when last
held captive in this box. There will be no pleasurable release for you on this
trip. Rather, you will concentrate all your energies on providing for cuntslut's
pleasure. You will, no doubt, have noted that you have the ability to move
certain parts of your anatomy a little. Shimmying your shoulders will allow you
to use your teats to caress, and stimulate cuntslut's. The tiny amount of hip
rutting you have been allowed will assist you in fucking cuntslut's little girl
prick for her pleasure. If you desire it, we have positioned your faces just
close enough to allow your tongues to duel, if you poke them out of your mouths
to the fullest extent possible."

The haughty domatrix continued, "You, cockslut, will pleasure cuntslut
continuously for as much of the trip as you are able to keep awake for. When we
arrive at our final destination I expect your lewd fork to be soaked in cunt
cum, and the interior of this container to smell as though it were a brothel
where cunts had been fucked for hours on end. I'm sure that you will not only
not disappoint me, my lovely little whores, but will also enjoy yourselves
immensely, especially you, my precious cuntslut."

With that the lid was moved into place, and screwed down plunging us into
complete darkness. Almost before the light had disappeared I began to shimmy my
shoulders, and sighed with pleasure when this caused my tingling teats to brush
against those of my darling cuntslut. I heard a sharp intake of her breath when
I commenced to rut my hips to the fullest extent my bondage would allow, and her
tiny girl prick was fucked deliciously by the interior of my cock slit.

The lovely slave whore gasped and shrieked in pleasure while I played her to the
full. "That feels sooooo goooood, darling cockslut, the little vixen whispered.
"You're going to make me come and come aren't you. Please tell me that you will!
Please tell me!" I smiled in the blackness at the lurid pleading of the
insatiable harlot, before assuring her that by the time we reached Natchez her
lewd cunt split would have shed so much slut juice that it would resemble the
dried up, wrung out twat of a grandmother whore. She giggled excitedly, and
dared me to put my money where my mouth was. I settled down to a steady rhythm
with the unmistakable sound of a helicopter arriving blotting out all other
sounds.
Cuntslut and my long, agile tongues were already duelling sensually when the
movement of the container that we were held captive in heralded the fact that we
were being loaded on board. Thus began our trip back to Natchez, and another
exciting chapter in my life as a sexual slave. All through the trip I alternated
between dozing, and bringing cuntslut off. The air within the container soon
became thick with the aromas of spending cunt. My smooth, hairless crotch was
flooded with sticky slut juice. The whore, cuntslut, had long since lost
consciousness through sheer over indulgence. I had certainly put my money where
my mouth was, and she would never forget it.




Chapter 17 - The Queen claims Her Crown

After what seemed eons we seemed to have reached our destination, for I heard
the unmistakable sounds of the lid of our container being removed. Suddenly they
was an infusion of bright light. "Phew! This container reeks of ripe cunt!" A
non descript voice exclaimed. "And so it should do!" The voice of my Queen
rejoined, "It shows that my little slaves have spent their time obeying their
Queen's instructions. Now get them out of the box." She commanded.

Hands clad in black latex rubber soon appeared in my line of sight, and they
were soon busy disengaging cuntslut's naked body from its severe bondage. As
soon as this was accomplished the darling slave was lifted from the container,
and out of my sight. Other sets of hands soon began to free me as well, and I
could see that the people doing the job were dressed in that all encompassing
black rubber of the staff of what had been Overlord Sextius' estate. I, too, was
soon lifted clear of the container and deposited, on my knees, on the concrete
floor next to slave cuntslut.

After a few seconds I was able to take note of our surroundings. We were in a
large garage area. There was my Queen, the Princess, six rubber clad servants,
two what appeared to be young, scantily clad females, who knelt as we did, and a
male dressed in normal street clothes. It was this male who spoke first, "Your
Majesty, may I present you with a gift from the King." He said, prodding the two
young people into position in front of the Queen. Being able to see the two more
clearly now, I found that I was indeed wrong about them. They were in fact
males, dressed in ridiculously brief and revealing French maid's costumes. The
skirts reached only to the mid points of their round bottom cheeks and their
legs were encased in sheer black nylons, and feet in impossibly high heeled
pumps. The tops of their costumes showed small bulges where tits might have
been, but it what hung between their legs that was truly bizarre. Each had a
small cock, but no balls, they had been castrated. They rose and curtsied in
unison to my Queen, and the man continued:

"His Majesty has had these two slaves trained as slaves in waiting, your
Majesty. They are consummately skilled in the art of costume design, millinery,
make-up, and coiffeur, not to mention, in pampering a body. In short, they are
immaculately talented body slaves, and are dedicated, beyond all reckoning,
specifically to your stunning beauty. My King has, as is his want with
specifically tasked slaves, had them neutered so that dedication to your person,
and their duties towards it, will always remain their sole reason for existence,
and they will attend to it without any chance of selfish self interest. His
Majesty prays that you accept his gift, and that it pleases you, Your Majesty."
The man concluded, bowing deeply to my Queen.

The two neutered slaves slipped easily back down onto their knees, and gazed up
at the voluptuous Queen with love and devotion radiating from their eyes. The
Queen smiled down at them, and caused them to shiver with happiness when she
indicated that she was delighted with her gifts, and would make use of their
specialised talents from that day on exclusively. The man then handed her a note
which she immediately read, and then announced:

"Princess, supervise the cleaning, grooming and decoration of my slaves, in
readiness for them to be presented to the King. He has expressed the desire to
meet with us as soon as is possible. I, too, am anxious to meet with my consort
as soon as it can be arranged. I understand the need for us to consummate our
arrangement as soon as is practical." The attending male suggested to the Queen
that his Majesty was already in his private chamber, with his court in
attendance, at his palace, eagerly awaiting our arrival. With that the Queen,
the attendant, the two body slaves, and all but two of the rubber clad servants,
left the garage like room, leaving Princess, cuntslut, the remaining two rubber
clad servants, and I alone in the cavernous room.

The two servants approached us, and soon my gulping mouth was filled with long,
thick, rubber encased prick, or was it dildo, for I had no idea what sex the
servants were. Cuntslut, too, had a huge rubberised prick driven down her
throat, and I could see her gullet gulping wildly at the brutal invader. She,
like me, had begun to blush furiously when this had been done to her. She would
get used to it, I surmised, happily sucking at the pole stretching my lips so
wide. Both our wrists and elbows were quickly, and efficiently taped together
behind our backs while we sucked wildly. When the task was complete Princess
commanded the servants to escort us to our private rooms, assuming that these
already existed, which, of course, they did.

I gasped for breath when the huge rubberised cock was drawn from my mouth, and
flushed with shame when a dog leash was then clipped to my slave collar.
Cuntslut and I were led from the room, shuffling along on our hands and knees,
drawn on by our leashes. We crawled down a long, narrow passageway until we came
to a large, ornately appointed vestibule. We crossed its cool marble floor to
another large set of doors. One of the servants swung the heavy portals wide,
and we were led into a large circular room, furnished both richly, and lavishly.
One of the servants informed Princess that this was her private domain, with
appropriate quarters for the slaves under her control, which, at this stage
anyway, meant only cuntslut and I.

Princess ordered the servants to cleans we slaves, and then decorate us, as her
Queen had decreed. She announced that she would attend to her own ablutions, and
we were expected to be presented for her inspection within the hour. The two
servants led cuntslut and I off to another door, and we found that we had
entered a sort of communal bathing area, not unlike that which we had become
accustomed to in the Realm. The servants wasted no time in bathing us,
shampooing our tresses, and then drying our glowing bodies off.

We were then sat at vanity tables, and our faces were painted with the most
outlandishly sluttish of make-up jobs. When the servants were finished we were
pictures of harlot like splendour, scarlet lips, charcoal blacks, silvers, and
garish rouge. Next our thick, rubbery teats were carefully painted with shocking
pink gloss and, much to my humiliation, and, I'm sure, cuntslut's too, the
bulbous head of my prick, and her plump, outer cuntlips were also painted with
shocking pink gloss. The masses of out fabulously large tits were lightly dusted
with pinkish rouge, as were the round shapely mounds of our arse cheeks.

When this was finished the servants set about decorating our plush nudities with
erotic adornments. We were each adorned with a skimpy, lacy garter belt from
which hung six pink silk garters. The sexy garment itself rode low on our hips,
and framed our smooth crotches sensuously. Sheer pink nylon stockings were next
expertly smoothed onto our legs, and their seams ensured to be scrupulously
straight, and then had the garter straps attached to them. High heeled shoes,
that defied description in the length of the actual heels, were then strapped to
our feet. Pink silk halters were fixed around our torsos. These halters served
to enhance, and draw attention to both the size, and beauty of our lush udders.
They in no way served to cover the smooth mounds, but rather, cupped them and
presented them, somehow, even more naked than they would have been in the
absence of such a skimpy garment. While revelling in the luxuriously erotic
sensations of the lingerie that now enhanced the beauty of my body I thought to
myself that it was just as well that cuntslut and I were almost never allowed to
be on our feet, for standing, let alone walking in the shoes we now wore would
be next to impossible.

Finally, after vigorously brushing our hair until the long tresses shone
brilliantly, then tying it into pony tails that hung from the very apexes of out
heads, the servants began to bejewel us with items of exotic, erotic, and
utterly humiliating jewellery. From my ear lobes hung pendants of quite heavy
solid silver, fashioned into miniature sets of obviously aroused male genitalia.
Cuntslut's earings were of similar type, but displayed replicas of female
sexuality. Both our wrists and ankles were cuffed with sliver bracelets,
connected by foot long, small linked chains. My bracelets were, of course,
intricately fashioned and beautifully entwined pricks, and cuntslut's pussies.

Finally, and hugely humiliatingly, sets of three decorations were affixed to us.
On each of our delicately painted teats, at their very tips, tiny clamps were
attached. From each of these clamps tiny golden bells dangled. A similar clamp,
with bell attached, was clipped to the loose skin at the back of my prick head
and, in cuntslut's case, her girl prick was efficiently, and impersonally
frigged until it was stiff and hard, and her final clamp and bell was affixed to
her protective sheath, about midway down the length of her feminine sex stalk.

These last decorations finally completed the decorating of our submissive
bodies. We were then closely inspected by the attending servants, each of our
clamps was carefully checked, to ensure that it would not cause embarrassment by
falling off. Last second touch ups to our heavily made up faces and bodies were
quickly made until they were certain that we were perfect. We were then paraded
before the lovely Princess. We remained in our newly ordained postures, when not
the centre of attention. That is to say we knelt, with our powdered and rouged
arse slabs waving erotically in the air, our backs arched, and our foreheads
pressed to the floor in displays of slavish abeyance.

The Princess obviously spent a few seconds inspecting us in general in the
posture, then snapped the command for us to present ourselves for a more
complete inspection, in the newly determined presentation posture, but without
movement. Flushes of excited shame flooded my body, and tormented my mind
deliciously when I immediately knelt up, holding my bizarrely decorated nudity
still. My knees were wide spread, and my limp tube hung slack between my full,
feminine thighs, its pink painted head swaying ever so slightly, just above the
floor. My hands flew to my head and were soon clasped behind it in submissive
acceptance. Obviously, cuntslut also adopted the same posture.

Princess, dressed in gorgeous finery that served to make her appear even more
stunning, slowly walked around our kneeling bodies inspecting the efforts of the
attendants. She sighed with excited pleasure, while heaping praise on the
obviously pleased servants for their ingenuity and skill. "I am most pleased!"
She cried. "My little sluts look just perfect! How utterly submissive, and
exquisitely depraved they look. Her Majesty will be most pleased! Even His
Majesty, with his strong preference for more masculine pursuits can not help but
be impressed!"

As soon as she had finished heaping her praise on the servants, Princess
announced that we must be on our way. There was to be a formal reception for the
Queen within the hour, and we had to get to the King's palace as quickly as we
could. We had thin golden metal chains attached to the rings that hung from our
noses by servants, and the other ends of these were then handed to Princes. She
led us, by these leashes, from the suit of rooms that were to become our
permanent home base as it were, when our presence, and services were not
required elsewhere. We made our way back down into the huge garage where we had
been earlier unloaded from our trip from the realm.

We crawled along a specially laid carpet, to prevent our stockings from becoming
spoiled as much as anything, and were led to a long, stretch limousine. Once
again, in deference to our costuming, we were permitted to travel in the rear
cabin of the luxurious vehicle. The trip, of about twenty minutes, was taken in
complete silence. The servants had been left behind at my Queen's estate, and
Princess did not display any inclination to talk to us. Throughout the trip
cuntslut and I remained in our designated waiting postures.

During this trip I took the time to reflect on how my adventures in sexual
submission had progressed. My submissive brain could hardly come to grips with
what I had become. All that remained, physically, of that young male who had
entered a sex shop so long ago, in the hope of finding a suitable Mistress to
submit to, was the long thick, soft tube of male sexuality, together with its
accompanying sap bulbs, that hung between my thighs. The remainder of my body
had been physically, and permanently feminised. Except for my sex organs I was
no longer the fit, muscular young man that I had once been. I had been
transformed into a lovely, voluptuous girl. My mind still had trouble coming to
grips with this, as it still thought very much like a male. This, of course,
only served to deepen my supreme humiliation.

What had started out as a life of sexual submission, based on the humiliating,
yet purely sexual demands of the haughty Mistress Lotta, had become a life of
unremitting masochism, and utter sexual depravity and obscene servitude. My
former fellow slave, whom I had so hopelessly fallen on love with, had become my
Mistress and Queen, and would prove to be, I was sure, the most complete, and
merciless domatrix my imagination could comprehend. In the course of my
adventures I had experienced all the joys associated with submission, and
debauchery. Yet I still craved more. It was strange, that even though I was
mortified by what had happened to me, I adored it, and yearned for it to
continue.

My male mind revelled in the humiliation of my feminised body. Millennia in the
realm, and the gifts of the deities, had made me a sexually potent animal with
almost no limits. Similarly, my ability to absorb merciless, and relentless
punishment almost, but never seemed to quite satisfy the constant cravings of my
masochistic nature. Hence, I was only to ready, and yearned to be subjected to
ever greater, and more shameful acts of degradation, not to mention bizarre and
infinitely cruel agonies. I was a sexual masochist with no limited to my
depravity, and no boundaries to my capacity to absorb, and delight in horrific
punishment.

Somehow, as if to amplify my shame at the femininity of my appearance, my male
sense of reason seemed always to be acutely aware of the weight of the masses of
my enormous tits, the narrowness of my waist, the voluptuousness of my bottom
cheeks, and the feminine shape of my hips, thighs, and arms, not to mention the
sheer beauty of my facial features. I could never come to grips with the fact
that, expect for my prick and nuts, I was to all extents and purposes, female,
and it was to be a constant source of deliciously intense humiliation to me,
which I exulted in every conscious second.

Such thoughts assailed me throughout the trip to the palace, and the
commencement of the next phase of my life, which I was certain was to be the
most exciting, and fulfilling I had experienced to date. The limousine pulled
into an underground car park and the door to the rear cabin was opened. Princess
alighted first, and then tugged gently on our leashes urging us to join her. Two
leather clad males stood waiting for us to crawl from the car's cabin.

As soon as we were all out of the vehicle it glided off, and we were led to a
lift. We entered the lift, and it silently rose two floors, before its ascent
stopped and its double doors glided open. We were then led to a sumptuously
furnished, plushly carpeted vestibule.

We came to a halt in the centre of the room, and my heart gave a lurch of sheer
joy. My Queen stood before the enormous, gilt doors that obviously led to the
main room that this particular vestibule served. She was dressed in the robes of
royalty, and was made up in the most exquisite fashion imaginable. My heart
nearly burst with adoration and deep emotion, while I gazed upon her ravishing
splendour. Her fabulous breasts flowed out of the top of her bejewelled bodice
of silk and satin like two luscious half moons of perfect beauty. Her waist was
constricted to an awesomely narrow column coated in silk, and her skirts flowed
richly, from waist to floor.

Her hair was lushly curled and sparkled with glittering gold, silver and gems
which complemented the gorgeous tiara she wore. Her two new body slaves,
themselves dressed in sumptuous silks and satins, like medieval page boys,
attended to the support of her dress' long train. I noted, with a blush that the
costumes the two small, neutered slaves wore was cut out at the front of their
crotches to reveal the heavily rouged tubes of their tiny pricks.

While I gazed at my Queen in a fit of sheer adoration, which was equally
reflected by my slave partner, cuntslut, the huge doors suddenly swung open to
reveal a large, equally ornately dressed attendant, complete with powdered wig,
and herald's sceptre. The tall male tapped the floor loudly three times with the
base of his sceptre, and announced in a thunderous voice. "Her Majesty, the
Queen, and her entourage, your Majesty!"

He then reverentially stepped to one side, and my Queen slowly made her entrance
into what was the King of Natchez's throne room. As soon as my Queen was fully
inside the room Princess tugged insistently on our leashes and we all followed.
The room was filled with gorgeously attired people of both sexes, obviously the
nobility of the kingdom. All were dressed as if they were the courtiers of the
Sun King of a different era. The sight was certainly most splendid.

At the far end of the room the King sat regally on his throne. He, too, was
dressed like some renaissance despot, which, I suppose, was how he pictured
himself. Around the walls, however, were the trappings of modern times in the
form of heavily armed, black leather clothed members of the King's special
guard. They were present as much, I assumed, for the intimidation of the
gathered court, as for the actual protection of the King. It was obvious that he
was a deranged megalomaniac from the very start.

On our slow progress up the plush red carpet towards the seated monarch I noted
that I recognised a couple of the courtiers. A black man and woman, both robed
in sumptuous white silks and satins that contrasted so beautifully with their
ebony skins, I remembered as the owners of a particularly bizarre eating
establishment that I had visited before being taken for service in the Realm. It
was difficult to come to grips with the fact that this event had happened less
than six months previously, given the amount of time that had seemed to pass in
that magical place. I thought that I recognised others as well, but I couldn't
be sure.

If anyone had recognised me, without truly close scrutiny, I would have been
totally surprised. And if anyone recognised my Queen as the voluptuous, and
insatiable sex slave of yesterday, then they were certainly not showing it now.
Perhaps they might have considered discretion to be the better part of valour,
considering the position of power they would have known that she was about to
assume. When we arrived within twelve or so feet of the throne the monarch rose
to his feet to greet his consort.

"Welcome, my dear. Welcome to my domain. Your beauty is beyond all descriptions
I have received. I am sure that all will bow before your majesty, as they do to
mine." My Queen stared up at the King, inspecting his person with the same
curiosity as he did hers. She knew that he was sexually attuned to
homosexuality, exclusively, and that they would never mate in the carnal sense,
so his looks were not really that important to her. Never the less, she was
pleased with what she saw. The king was a really handsome man, tall and
muscular, with fine features and clear blue eyes that contrasted with his almost
mediterranean colouring.

He reached out his hand to my Queen, and drew her to a gilt throne that stood
next to his. He wasted no time in removing her tiara once she was seated, and
attended to her coronation as his Queen immediately. He then sat back down on
his throne, and they both gazed out at their subjects with arrogant superiority.
The king then announced to his court that his queen would command the same
respect, and unflinching loyalty, from them as he, himself demanded. Her
commands were to be treated as though they were his, and obeyed without
question, and with due alacrity.

The courtiers listened with bated breath to their ruler outlining the powers of
their new and beautiful Queen. How they could never refuse her any service. How
they were to bow to her every whim. He concluded by informing them that he was
sure that she would not change the order of things in the kingdom, nor alter the
lifestyle they all enjoyed, provided they bowed to her authority without
question. Even if she did, the Queen herself interrupted, it would only be to
add even more to the unique and exciting atmosphere of the kingdom.

The two monarchs then received the acclamation of their court, and basked in the
aura of their absolute power. After a half an hour or so of this obsequious
display, the court was abruptly dismissed. The leather clothed guards ushered
the courtiers from the room, and then left their Majesties, Princess, and we
slaves as the only ones now present in the room. As soon as we were alone the
king began to speak:
"No doubt, my dear, you have carefully studied the protocols of our arrangement
with all due care, and agree to the provisions. You receive the power of a
monarch, and I receive the benefits of your wealth." My Queen nodded her assent
to the arrangement, and the King proceeded, "You are aware that, while I find
the female form visually pleasant, I also find it sexually abhorrent.
Consequently you and I will have to find some different means of providing an
heir to the throne of the kingdom. I am sure that I can leave this task to you,
my dear, and you will be able to devise a means that does not offend my
sensibilities. In public, of course, we shall always appear as the most devoted
of couples."

"Of course, my dear consort," My Queen replied with a smile. "I shall put the
task to my mind. A solution is, no doubt, clearly available, and only needs to
be discovered. It's just a matter of weighing up the possibilities. Now my dear,
allow me to present Princess, the manageress of my slaves." Princess moved
forward and curtsied to the King with a smile. "Very becoming, my dear. Have you
served your Queen for long?" He asked, out of courtesy, I suppose, rather than
idle curiosity. "Oh yes, your Majesty," The Princess replied with a knowing
smile, "I have been in the service of Her Majesty for eons!"

"And my personal slaves," My Queen announced, pointing to me first. I shuffled
over to a position before the seated King, my heart pounding with excitement and
lust. When in the appropriated position I reared my body back, spreading my
knees wide and thrusting my immediately lasciviously undulating crotch out
towards him in the most obscene fashion. My huge prick stiffened and rose, its
flaring head describing a continuous arc as it rose, until the long, thick sex
stalk stood proud and throbbing up along my slightly trembling belly, its fat,
pink painted head poised in the valley between my massive udders, a small pearl
of pale prick juice gracing its tip, and clearly betraying my submissive
arousal. My hands flew up and grasped the back of my head in a further display
of servile submission, while my shoulders began to, almost involuntarily, roll,
shimmying my huge tits sensuously.

I blushed with humiliated shame when the eerie sound of the bells hanging from
the tips of my teats, and from the rear of my cock's fat head began to tinkle
clearly audibly. While I displayed my thoroughly humiliated nudity in such
exquisitely obscene fashion, and with my blood racing with shame, and
unrelenting lust, I announced my presence to the King in the most degrading and
servile of tones:

"Your esteemed, and most regal Majesty!" I squealed submissively, "I am my
Queen's slave harlot, cockslut. So named cock, because of the lewd prick and
nuts that sprout from my obscene fork, and so named slut, because I am a sex
animal of consummate depravity and obscene perversity. I have served my Queen
from the beginning of time, and will continue to serve her with every fibre of
my being for as long as it is her desire that I do, without question, and
without a rebellious atom in my being!"

The King looked down at my obscenely performing nakedness, and commented, with
an almost neutral air, "Nice equipment, slut, but its a pity about the rest of
you." Then, turning to my Queen, made the horrifying statement, "Why, my dear,
do you allow your harlot to retain his eggs. I have found that sluts, dedicated
to my pleasure alone, perform much better after they have been de-balled, and
are left with no desires of their own, except that to serve their superiors."

My Queen, to my eternal gratitude, replied to her consort in the following
manner, "My dear King," She cried, "Unlike you, I am a consummate female
hedonist, as well as a cruel domatrix. I gain great pleasure from gorging my
lust on the sexuality of my slaves. Each is trained to control his or her lusts,
and subordinate them completely to my desires. I take enormous pleasure from
watching the little sluts perform under such control. The power I enjoy knowing
that their sexual relief is in my hands, to be granted, or denied, depending on
my whim is so delicious, almost like a drug. Actually, I would find it quite
deflating to my ego, if my cockslut was no longer capable of splashing his lust
for my visual entertainment. I can assure you, however, that he will suffer dire
consequences should he ever allow his needs to override his duty to attend to my
every desire with complete, single minded devotion. Be aware, my King, should
the slut ever develop a tendency of allowing his own lusts to interfere with his
performance, I would surely give serious consideration to utilising the solution
to that problem that you suggest."

"You mean to tell me, my dear, that you actually use the whore for your own
sexual needs, a mere slave?" The King asked in a voice that clearly betrayed his
disbelief that such a circumstance would arise. "Of course, my dear King," She
replied with a laugh, "Being a male, and attuned to male sexuality exclusively,
you have no idea how good a prick like cockslut possess can be for a woman. I
frequently use the slut's beautiful prick stalk as a living dildo, for my
pleasure, and would not dream of foregoing such an enchanting, and pleasurable
diversion."

The King just shook his head in wonderment at this disclosure, but, never the
less, did not pursue the matter, prepared to defer to his new Queen's strange,
in his mind, peccadillos. My Queen gestured to me to resume my position, then
beckoned to cuntslut. I crawled back to where I had been kneeling, lowered my
torso and raised my swaying arse slabs high again while cuntslut prepared to
introduce herself to the King in the same demeaning style as I had utilised. The
monarchs inspected her obscenely cavorting nudity, commenting on her beauty,
and, of course, the perverse and depraved nature she so deliciously displayed.
The King, of course, was no where near as interested in her as he had been in
me, for obvious reasons.

As soon as cuntslut had rejoined me the King asked my Queen whether she would
enjoy inspecting his trio of personal pleasure slaves. The Queen, naturally, was
only to happy to be entertained in this way, and the King clapped his hands,
quite loudly, three times. Almost immediately, from behind a curtain hanging
behind the brace of thrones, three young, entirely naked youths emerged. They
dropped to their knees and crawled, first over to a small, almost altar like
structure that I had barely noticed before, my concentration being solely
directed to the monarchs, and in particular, my superb Queen.

The three nude youths knelt before this structure, and while they did so, I took
the time to study it more closely. Evenly spaced on top of the quite low table
like edifice stood three silver trophy like objects. They were shaped like erect
pricks of reasonable size, and perfect likeness. At their bases were sets of
perfectly preserved testicles, complete with real skin sacks. The three slaves
then, to my astonishment, began to recite, in fervent tones, a litany of almost
religious like intensity:

"Praise be to the King, owner of my being!"

"Praise be to Him who allowed me to surrender these balls I now gaze at in awe!"

"Praise be to him whom I now serve with every fibre of my being!"

Then each slave in turn uttered one last statement of worship:

"Praise be to Him who allows me to worship His sacred arsehole!"

Said the first, then the second cried:

"Praise be to Him who allows me to worship His hallowed testicles!"

And the last of the three:

"Praise be to Him who allows me to worship His divine penis!"

The three youths then crawled over to, and took up positions before the seated
monarchs and knelt up to allow them to inspect their bodies. I gasped at the
sight of such beautiful boys. They were completely male in appearance, despite
the fact that they had been castrated, with lean beautifully sculpted muscles,
and quite long and thick, albeit, soft and limp prick tubes hanging between
their spread thighs. And, of course, an absence of balls at the bases of their
slack cocks.

"As you might have already guessed, my dear," The King stated, "Each of my
pleasure slaves is dedicated exclusively to the pleasure of one part of my sex,
one to my arse ring, one to my balls, and the third to my cock. This is all they
exist for. They spend their entire time, when not attending me, in keeping their
bodies perfectly fit, and in practising their particular art, so that their
performance always remains perfect. I have thirty or so youths in constant
training, but only the most perfect are granted the opportunity to surrender
their balls, as a precursor, to being accepted as a pleasure slave to me,
whenever a vacancy for such a slave arises."

"But where do you get them?" My Queen asked. "How can you keep such a number in
training all the time, and what happens to them when they no longer please you?"
She inquired, obviously shocked at the sheer numbers involved, and given their
physical condition and natural beauty, wondering just how it was possible to
assemble so many of them. The King smiled at her, and then launched into a long,
and detailed explanation as to how he was able to maintain such a stable:

"I purchase my slaves from all over the world. I have a group of like minded
agents who continually scour the S&M culture on my behalf. You would be
surprised at how many people are prepared to sell their offspring for a rich
reward. Once trained, the most talented and skilled of the slaves are given the
opportunity to serve me solely, at the expense of their own continued sexual
capability. I can assure you that no slave has ever declined the surrender of
his balls, and thus the opportunity to serve me in all the time I have operated
this method. Those slaves that do not qualify for my service are generally on
sold, either in tact or de-balled, to various dominators throughout the world
and, I can assure you, there is no shortage of people willing to buy such
exquisitely trained chattels."

"As to what happens to them when they outlive their usefulness to me, or I tire
of them, or purely through the fact that they grow to old for my tastes, they
are similarly on sold, usually to brothels where they can continue to serve as
they have been trained. You can see, my dear, that despite their castration my
slaves retain their look of masculinity. This is achieved through extensive
hormone supplementation. Perhaps some of them will wind up serving in your
brothel from time to time. It has happened before when Sextius was charged with
the oversight of your assets."

My Queen listened to these explanations with a look of incredulity. Perhaps she
believed the King, or perhaps she did not. Never the less, when he began to wax
lyrical at the skills of his pleasure slaves, and in particular, the talent of
his penis worshipper, she could no longer contain herself, and her own arrogant
nature came to the fore. When the King stated, bluntly, that his current penis
slave was quite simple the most talented cock sucker the world had ever seen,
she exploded:

"My harlot, cockslut, is without doubt the most skilled cock sucker this planet
has ever seen. I'll bet he can out suck your slave any day of the week!" I
listened to this part of their conversation with strange conflicting feelings. I
was proud and happy that my Queen was praising my skills so parochially, but
dreaded what might happen if I was tested, and disgraced her by proving less
skilled than the King's highly trained chattel. My worst fears were soon to be
realised.

"Well, my haughty Queen," The King mocked, with a chuckle, "We shall have to see
about this, won't we. I suggest we hold a contest to decide whose slave is
superior. I shall arrange for forty of my most potent secret police officers to
remain celibate for seven days, and then the slaves can have a suck off, and
we'll see who possesses the more skilled prick drainer." My Queen was quick to
intervene at this point, although her beautiful violet eyes sparkled with the
thrill of competition. "But, my dear, how will I be certain that all the pricks
you supply for such a contest will start from the same point. How can I be sure
that you won't have the ones earmarked for my whore drained a few times prior to
the contest!"

"I'm surprised at you my dear, questioning my integrity, but if it will calm
your fears I'll let members of your staff monitor those selected for both
harlots, to ensure that the playing field is even. Is that satisfactory?" My
Queen agreed to these terms, and then the King continued, obviously peeved at
the perceived slur on his character. "Since you doubt my integrity, let's make
this little contest interesting, shall we? If my slave is victorious, then I
will have your slut's nuts for my trophy cabinet. If your trollop is victorious,
then my disgraced slave will become your property, and you can put him to work
in your brothel. Is it agreed?"

My Queen, glancing at me, immediately agreed to the terrible bargain. "The
whores will suck for five hours," The King announced, "The winner, of course,
will be the whore that has caused the greatest number of pricks to spurt in that
time." My heart pounded with terror! Surely she would never allow me to be
castrated! My fear must have been apparent to her, for she glanced at me with a
twinkle in her eyes, and her tongue flicked lasciviously at her painted lips.
She was showing me the ace we held up our proverbial sleave. The king was
ignorant of the modification made to my tongue, which would give me the decisive
advantage, especially after the first two or three loads had been drained from
each cock.

My Queen agreed to all the terms, but then added, again, I suspect, for my
benefit, "The slaves must swallow every drop they draw from the pricks. If
either slave allows a drop of ball cream to escape he will immediately be
declared the loser. Is that agreeable to you, my King?" The King paused
momentarily, while he considered the ramifications of this. He obviously
wondered at the capacity of his slave to consume such a quantity of ball juice,
having been traditionally only required to drink his own, at least since his
training had been completed. He obviously decided that the advantage to me would
be minimal and, in light of his confidence in his own slave draining many more
pricks than I would be capable of, agreed to the condition.

At this point my Queen addressed the Princess, "Princess, take my sluts back to
my estate, if you please. His Majesty and I have affairs of state to discuss. We
will be in council until quite late, I think, so you may retire when it pleases
you. Other than that, I'm sure that you have plenty of things concerning the
slaves to plan and arrange." The Princess took up our leashes and, after bowing
deferentially to the monarchs, led us from the throne room. An escort, one of
the perennial leather clad heavies, waited for us at the door, and escorted us
back down into the underground garage where our limousine awaited. This time we
were not permitted to travel in the rear cabin, but were loaded into the rubber
lined baggage compartment of the luxury vehicle for the trip back to the estate.

Once safely back in our quarters we were quickly divested of the finery we had
worn to the palace, and then fed by servants. Once the meal was complete
Princess had us kneel before her. "I'm going to arrange for a few things to
allow us to meet her Majesty's requirements, little sluts." She announced. "Now,
I'll bet you are beside yourselves with lust after today's little exercise,
are'nt you?" We nodded our heads vigorously, agreeing with the gorgeous
domatrix. "Well, cuntslut had the pleasure of coming over and over on the trip
from the realm, so now it's cockslut's turn. While I work I shall be entertained
by watching you ream out cuntslut's little arse pit, cockslut, doggie fashion.
You may prepare her little ring with your tongue before you begin. And, I think,
we'll have a little key word which, whenever I utter it, will be the signal that
you are permitted to empty your fat balls into her arse chasm. And before we
retire for the night, I shall allow you, cockslut, as a special reward, to feast
on you own ball juice, direct from her arsehole!"

"Are'nt you both just delighted with the little game I've devised?" She
chortled, and then made it clear that she required a response from each of us, "
You first, cuntslut." My adorable fellow slut giggled excitedly, and squealed
happily, "Oh yes, adored Princess, I just love having my tight little arse ring
stretched by big, hot, stiff prick. It hurts so good. I just adore it!" "And
you, cockslut, the Princess prompted. I answered with equal joy, "Sweet
Princess, I love to feel hot tight arse pit squeezing my cock. Please! Please!
Worshipped Princess, may I play with cuntslut's big new tits while I fuck her
arse tunnel for your visual pleasure?"

"OK, you incorrigible harlot!" The Princess laughed. "Now mount the little
presentation stage, and enjoy yourselves!" We clambered up onto a small,
circular platform covered with shiny black rubber. Almost before we had got
fully onto the tiny stage it had begun to slowly revolve. I almost sighed with
pleasure when I slipped my face into the warm crevasse between cuntslut's
gorgeous bottom cheeks. That little slut did audibly pant with pleasure when my
long soft tongue began to tease the tight little ring of her luscious arse hole.
I washed the tight muscled pout over and over until it actually began to soften,
then slipped my tongue past the strong sphincter, and moistened the rich, ripe
interior of her gorgeously elastic arse pit.

As soon as I was satisfied that her little hole was ready for my prick I
withdrew my tongue and crouched my own plush nudity over hers. I placed the hot,
flared tip of my achingly stiff cock against the drenched pout of her arse, and
pushed it gently into her, wincing slightly while her poor little ring was so
cruelly stretched open by my enormous invader. Little cuntslut whimpered with
hurt while her tiny ring expanded under the relentless assault, but, never the
less, she assisted in her own inhuman impalement by bearing her haunches back
towards me with all the force she could manage.

For my part, I panted with the effort it took to drive my wildly throbbing pole
of lust into her. The sensations were exquisite while inch after inch of its
hard, hot flesh disappeared into that hot, tight sleave. I thrilled to the
sumptuous sensations of the hot, tight, tunnel squeezing my pulsating stalk so
unyieldingly, and little shivers of pure lust crazed delight flashed around my
body when my hips finally met cuntslut's shuddering arse mounds, and she was
fully impaled. I stilled my movements for a couple of seconds, panting from the
effort, not to mention the feelings of sheer depraved debauchery that flooded
through me.

I then rolled my bottom around slowly, loosening cuntslut's cruelly stretched
pout even more, then began the equally slow withdrawal. The skewered slut
squealed with painful pleasure while her arse pit was so sensuously, but
exquisitely painfully reamed out. I could tell that she was in heaven, as was I.
I reached down and cupped her massive tits in my hands, and began to tug at her
rubbery teats in time with my slow strokes in and out of her now welcoming arse
pit. Her tiny shrieks were soon no longer of hurt, but of immaculate ecstasy,
and her teats literally throbbed under the tugging of my insistent fingers.

What a sight we must have been providing for the Princess. The cute, adorable
cuntslut crouched low with my more voluptuous nudity hovering over her. My
enormous long, thick prick stalk slowly oozing into her clasping arse pit, then
equally slowly being disgorged, only to plunge back in. Cuntslut's shapely arse
cheeks shuddering lasciviously, and my own alluring cheeks revolving, and
rutting erotically. The Princess watched us go at it for a few minutes,
commenting mockingly, "Such a lovely sight, such a desirable tableau. Two
insatiable harlots arse fucking with gay abandon!"

At the utterance of the word "lovely" my balls, involuntarily began to flex
wildly, and I squealed in ecstasy while my prick juice poured into cuntslut's
writhing arse chute. My prick exploded six times, inundating that hole with an
ocean of man cream. "Much better!" The Princess laughed, now that quite loud
squelching sounds accompanied each stroke of my still throbbing stalk. She then
summoned the head artisan of the estate into her presence.

The creature arrived, dressed in the identical fashion to all on the estate who
were not slaves. The artisan knelt before the princess, in deference to her
station, and lay down a folder before her. The creature's long, black coated
prick arched up from the crotch area, and seemed to almost throb visibly while
its owner awaited the Princess' pleasure. It barely even noticed the obscene
performance cuntslut and I were enacting not five feet away. Princess explained
to the artisan that she required a number of bondage structures designed and
built with a view to presenting my prick as a living dildo.

Even though I was, by now, steeped in my all consuming lust, I still blushed
with shame when I heard this. Cuntslut too, obviously slipped deeper into her
depravity, and her sweating, slick arse slabs began to undulate even more wildly
while my aching prick sloshed in and out of her now quite sloppy arse chute. I
noticed that a small pool of sticky cunt cream, liberally spiced with cock juice
that had escaped from the harlot's clasping arse pit as time went on, had formed
beneath her churning groin. The conversation between servant and Princess went
on for almost a half an hour, with the artisan showing her samples of designs
undertaken for other slaves that had, from time to time served at the estate.

They discussed these at length, touching on the alterations required to suit the
Princess' tastes, and through her, my Queens desires. The artisan stated that
he, or she, would have to take precise measurements of my body so that the
designs would be perfectly accurate in their requirements. Princess laughed out
loud, telling the servant that, just now, taking my measurements was out of the
question, and that it could take place the next day. She looked at a couple of
designs that had caught her eye at the end of their discussion, saying,"These
would be just beautiful, I think, Just lovely!"

I squealed in ecstasy, and my pulsating prick exploded in the hot confines of
cuntslut's arse chute, flooding it with a fresh deluge of my boiling cock cream.
I sobbed with pleasure while stream after stream spurted from the tip of my
erupting stalk until the force of my climax began to ebb. I panted with
exhaustion, but my cock lost none of its hardness as a result of the climax, and
I continued to pump it in and out of cuntslut's now dreadfully sloppy arse pit.

The artisan was dismissed, and Princess summoned the head of the estate's
millinery staff. There was no doubt in my mind that this servant was female,
despite the long black rubber coated prick arching up from her groin. The bulges
at the chest were just too big, and wobbled to realistically for this creature
to be a male. Princess explained to the seamstress that she required three types
of costumes for we slaves, forestalling the woman's request for measurements by
pointing to our obscenely rutting bodies, saying that we were not really
available for that purpose at the moment.

She explained to the costume designer that we would require a variety of
costumes. Ensembles for us to wear when we were sent into the city on errands.
Costumes for every day wear on the estate. Outfits for wear when we visited
brothels and clubs and, of course, formal occasion wear. She further instructed
that specialised jewellery, befitting our status, would need to be cast, and
footwear, both for movement purposes, and purely decorative purposes would have
to be made. In general, our costumes should always be in keeping with our
status, and should reflect glory on our owner, the Queen.

The seamstress then showed Princess many designs that she had prepared for this
meeting. The two of them inspected, and discussed a number of these as
possibilities over the next half an hour or so. Princess, on two or three
occasions, when viewing these designs, expressed her delight with them in terms
of being lovely, and I squealed helplessly as my pistoning prick erupted over
and over, and the ecstasy of climax rocked my rutting nudity with waves of pure
sexual torment. The adorable cuntslut's well reamed out arse pit was by now so
slack and sloppy that I could barely feel it clasping at my invading cock stalk.

Princess dismissed the seamstress, rose to her feet, and came over to inspect
us. She went around to our rutting rears and commented, "Your nuts are starting
to bounce, cockslut. I think that they must be getting empty, but they are not
quite slack enough to please me yet. I think that it would be just lovely, just
lovely, if your prick was to spurt again!"

My cock erupted yet again, and I squealed helplessly while the streams of ball
cream spewed uncontrollably from its tip. The pleasure was, by now, almost
painful, and my balls ached savagely as they shed every drop of their sap. I
howled out my rapture, and my arse began to swing so fast that my continually
spurting prick became almost a blur as it flashed in and out of cuntslut's
writhing arse chute. For her part, cuntslut's arse rolled and heaved with an
almost equal intensity, and when my slack loose balls began to slap loudly into
the dripping meat of her drooling cunt split the now climaxing harlot squealed
out her pleasure.

Princess watched us rut with supreme obscenity until she surmised that my
swinging nuts had no more to give, then she called a halt. I have to admit I was
not unhappy to hear this, and my movements came to a halt while my utterly spent
prick stalk oozed out of cuntslut's reamed out arse ring. "Clean up your mess,
cuntslut!" Princess commanded, referring to the pool of sex drool that had
accumulated below her crotch. "While she works you get your snout into her
obscene arse crack and clean out her hole, cockslut!"

Cuntslut, before Princess had even stopped speaking, already had her face poised
over the pool of raunchy sex juices, and her tongue was lapping happily at the
heady mixture. I, for my part, despite the physical exhaustion that now assailed
me, sighed with pleasure when my face entered the split between cuntslut's
sweating, cum spattered arse cheeks, and I lapped languidly at the flow of ball
cream seeping from her loose anal ring. We both feasted on our respective fluids
like starving waifs, and soon my tongue was buried deeply in the hole that my
prick had so delightfully fucked for so long in a vain endeavour to get at every
drop that it had deposited there.

Princess watched us in our humiliating task with a knowing smile, seeing our
lewd tongues continue to work long after she must have known there was no longer
anything for them to achieve. She then made cuntslut's day by allowing her the
pleasure of sucking my sated cock and balls clean. I hummed with contentment
while that soft tongue diligently teased my limp prick, as much as cleansed it
and, by the time Princess surmised that my crotch was relatively free of the
evidence of our recent excesses, my cock was again beginning to thicken and
swell, despite my sexual exhaustion.

Princess commanded us to bath ourselves, and then we would be permitted to rest.
She, herself, was also going to retire. I was quite disappointed when I found
that we all slept in separate rooms. I was sure that, like in the realm, we
would all be sharing a communal bed. Princess saw both my, and cuntslut's
dejection when we learnt of this and said, "I'm sure we will be able to come to
some other arrangement, little sluts, after we have settled in fully. I have yet
to be informed of our Queen's desires in this respect, so we'll just have to
make do with what is provided for now."

I must admit, actually, that I was asleep almost as soon as my head had hit the
pillow. Given the day I had had, this was not really surprising, I suppose. I
dreamt fabulous dreams of sexual debauchery, and divine submission until the
tinkling of a bell woke me early the next day.




Chapter 18 - Settling in to life in Natchez

After bathing, we submissively knelt before our beautiful Princess to await her
pleasure. Staff of the estate had been busy over night, it seems, for she
informed us that our measurements had been taken while we slept, and that the
costumes designed for our use when at the estate, and not entertaining visitors,
had already been completed. Also, one bondage rack had already been constructed
for me, so that I could perform as my Queen's living dildo immediately, should
she desire such service. This was just as well, the princess commented, smiling
down at me, because Her Majesty has informed me that you will be required to
perform as such today, while she informs us of what transpired last night.

At this news my limp prick stirred slightly. I was to be fucked by my fabulous
Queen. My brain was filled with remembrances of the exquisite sensations her
satin pussy sleave visited on my prick so long ago, and I was soon to experience
such ecstasy once again. I couldn't wait. Princess, noting the gleam in my eyes,
somewhat deflated me when she added, "The Queen will surely test your endurance
to the full, little cockslut. It seems that last evening at the palace, she
found out one home truth. The King only ever has homosexual males at his palace,
so she was unable to relieve her sexual tensions but, never the less, was forced
to watch as his slaves attended to his pleasure almost constantly, while they
discussed their affairs. I asked her why she hadn't woken us when she returned
and she told me that she was too tired, and had decided that she would make up
for it today."

I flushed hotly when Princess told me that a living dildo structure had been
constructed overnight and installed in the Queen's private rooms early this
morning, at her specific instructions. Cuntslut displayed an expression of
sadness while this was going on and, noting this, Princess said gently, "I'm
sure that you will not be left out, little cuntslut. Our Queen's appetites are
stupendous, and no doubt, if you ask nicely, she will allow you to assist in
attending to her pleasure. Now off you both go, and get dressed. We are due in
the Queen's chamber in a half an hour.

Cuntslut and I crawled off to our dressing room, and saw that new, every day
costumes were laid out for us. We giggled excitedly while we inspected these
bizarre sets of apparel. So deliciously sexy, and delightfully demeaning. They
actually were quite simple in their design, like French maid's uniforms, but
without the tunic. White satin garter belts and open halters, slinky black nylon
hose, tiny white lace aprons, almost transparent, impossibly high heeled black
patent leather pumps, and to top it off, white lacy maid's caps. We quickly
dressed ourselves in our new finery, and then inspected each other to ensure
that we were perfect.

What delightfully erotic sights we made. Cuntslut's little apron reached down
her front just far enough to ensure that the smooth plump lips of her mouth
watering pussy just peeped out below the hem and, in my case, about three inches
of my ropy cock stem and, of course, its big juicy head, hung below the hem line
of my apron. Our svelte bottoms, of course, were deliciously bare and available.
The halters framed our massive tits prettily, and our legs felt gorgeous,
sheathed in the stockings. The shoes we wore were not entirely meant for
walking, but after a few minutes of teetering around we were able to move
without actually falling on our faces. The caps perched on top of our well
brushed out hair completed the delightful decoration, leaving us pictures of
extreme eroticism. We quickly completed our preparations by applying our
make-up. We were instructed to keep our make-up jobs a little less sluttish for
home consumption, so we didn't look like whore's about to start business this
time. Such a look was reserved for when we were to be seen in public. Even
though I had come to grips with the fact that, outwardly at least, I was a girl
in every respect except for my prick and balls, I still flushed with acute
embarrassment when applying make-up to my face.

When we were finished we crawled back into the vestibule, and prostrated
ourselves before our Princess. She was dressed in leather and lace, and looked
absolutely gorgeous, and delightfully dominant. "Let me inspect you, my little
slaves." She commanded, her voice clearly betraying the excitement we all felt.
We reared up and clasped our hands behind our heads, and wantonly displayed our
erotically clad bodies to the beautiful domatrix. "Lovely, lovely!" She
breathed. "Don't you two just look the epitome of submissiveness, and so sexy.
The Queen will be pleased."

We both flushed with pleasure, and excitement, for we knew we were soon to see
our Queen, our reason for being. "Come along, you darling sluts, Her Majesty
awaits us." We followed our Princess from our rooms, on hands and knees, of
course, and proceeded down a long passageway that seemed to go on for ever. At
last we arrived at another set of ornate double doors. Princess tapped on the
doors, and a few seconds later they were swung open by two rubber clad servants,
and we entered what was the Queen's private rooms.

The Queen's rooms were similarly designed to those we occupied, but larger, and
much more lavishly furnished. We crawled into the centre of her drawing room,
and took up our positions before an empty throne like chair, which was, at this
time, unoccupied. Cuntslut and I quickly settled into our normal postures with
our highly presented, bare, shapely bottoms swaying slowly, and erotically, and
our heads bowed low. While it is not easy for me to look around when in this
waiting posture, I was able to see most of the front half of the room. My heart
pounded when I saw that an intricate looking structure was in place just to one
side, and in front of the throne. It seemed to be constructed almost exclusively
of black, shiny rubber, with a multitude of straps and bonds hanging from it,
along with what appeared to be a full discipline helmet. It didn't take a genius
to guess that this structure was designed to hold a slave's body in total
bondage, and was the first of many to be constructed for the express purpose of
presenting me as a living dildo.

Some sounds began to be heard off to one side of the chamber, out of my line of
vision. Then the Queen swept into view. My heart pounded with lust and excited
devotion when she came into my line of sight, and walked to her throne. She was
dressed in nothing but a flowing, gauzy peignoir, open down her front, and my
prick twitched in pleasure while my eyes drank in her fabulous charms. The
beautiful domatrix sat on her throne, and after a few seconds of contemplation,
spoke for the first time:

"Well, let me inspect you, my little slutlings?" She commanded. Cuntslut and I
immediately reared our bodies up and our hands clasped behind our heads in
servile surrender. We rolled our shoulders sensually causing our massive tits to
shimmy sexily, and undulated our hips so that, in my case, my now achingly stiff
prick was obscenely offered to the stunning woman, a bead of pale juice already
seeping from the slit in its tip, and in cuntslut's case, her fragrant cunt
split already shining with the moisture of arousal, was offered with equally
obscene perversity.

My Queen smiled down at our obscenely posturing nudities in pleasure, and said,
"Just gorgeous, my pretty sluts, just gorgeous. You are just perfect in you
little maid's costumes. So sexy, so submissive, and so depraved." She said, her
own excitement almost palpable, then continuing, "Princess, I'm most pleased
with your efforts. If these costumes are anything to go by, I'm sure that the
sluts are in for some lovely humiliation whenever you introduce them to new, and
even sexier modes of dress." We revelled in our Queen's praise and, if anything,
stepped up the depravity of our obscene gyrations to please her even more.

"Well, my dears," She continued. "Last night, apart from being utterly boring
from the point of view of entertainment, did reveal some fairly exciting things
to me about this Kingdom, and how we can take advantage of the delights it
offers. I have been giving some thought to the regime I'm going to impose for
us. In the first place, my Princess, we are going to have to purchase a personal
slave for you, or you're likely to go crazy with frustration while watching me
make use of these two harlots all the time. Tomorrow we will visit a secret
slave clearing house that the King has told me about." Princess grinned happily
at this announcement, obviously excited at the prospect of choosing a slave for
her own personal pleasure. True, she could entertain herself with us when we
were ensconced in our own quarters, but I could only agree that she would need
someone to cater to her lusts on the many occasions that we would not available
for that purpose.

"I intend to allow cuntslut and cockslut to sample the delights of the city,
un-attended, from time to time. It will give them the opportunity to wallow in
their submission in many exciting and varied ways. I'm sure that cockslut well
remembers the delightful diversions available in this place. They will have
these opportunities because you and I, Princess, will be frequently engaged in
affairs of state and business, not to mention enjoying some variety in the
activities we undertake for our own amusement. I understand that numerous new
establishments have gone into business on the city's sex strip since little
cockslut and I was last there." I, despite my arousal, and perverted exhibition,
still shivered with barely suppressed lust when remembering just those very
things that we had experienced before we were taken to the realm of the aliens.
If I was excited at the prospect of cuntslut and I being permitted to troll the
various emporiums and clubs of the strip, I became even more excited when she
made her next announcement, and the obscene undulations of my hips provided
clear evidence of that lustful exhilaration.

"I have already managed to purchase a little toy for cockslut, and will be
looking out for one for cuntslut too. In the meantime, I'm sure that cockslut
will be only to happy to let cuntslut play with his toy from time to time, in
fact, I insist upon it!" My brain sang with anticipation. What could my Queen
have possibly acquired for me. The possibilities were endless, and I couldn't
wait to find out. While my mind was engaged in trying to anticipate what my toy
was, my Queen continued with her stimulating discourse:

"As I mentioned earlier, while last evening gave me a lot to look forward to in
the future, the evening itself was boring, and frustrating for me sexually. That
is to say, I had no relief at all. By the time I arrived back here at my palace
it was really late, and I decided that I was too tired to wake you up and have
you attend to me. Needless to say, I am now extremely horny, and I fully intend
to make up for lost time. Princess, get the whore cockslut fixed to the device
that my artisans have just completed for me. I would have him perform as my
living dildo for a few hours, while I tell you all about some other interesting
developments from last evening. While this device is designed for complete
sensory deprivation I want you to leave him with the ability to hear this time,
because, in addition to the fact that he needs to learn of our new lifestyle, I
also know he will be especially interested in one of the plans the King and I
have decided to put into practice."

Princess prodded my obscenely performing nudity, and led me over to the
structure I mentioned earlier. I was ordered to lay on my back on the main stay
of the structure, which I did, with excitement growing at the thought of feeling
my Queen's stupendous pussy embracing my stiff aching prick stalk. Once my body
was in place I was strapped to the stay at shoulders, waist, thighs, knees
ankles, arms and wrists with stiff rubber straps. The straps were tightened to
the extent that when she was finished I found that I was unable to move a
muscle. Princess then drew a pair of straps up through my splayed open crotch
and worked them around the base of my wildly throbbing prick, and just above my
already aching, sap filled nuts.

She pulled these straps tight, and tied them securely off. The end result of
this action was that my prick stem now pointed straight up towards the ceiling.
The discipline helmet was then put on my head. It fitted like a second skin.
Over the eyes were zips, as there was over my mouth. These zips were currently
open. Small holes, equipped with tiny connectors, were positioned beneath each
of my nostrils. Muffs that would normally attach to my ears, cutting off all
sounds, were left hanging from the sides of the helmet, but the other zips were
then closed, plunging me into darkness, and rendering me speechless.

"Leave his eyes available for the time being, Princess. I want him to see how
he, not to mention cuntslut, are to be used on this structure before I settle
down to slake my lust on his gorgeous fuck pole." The Queen added, after the eye
zips had been closed. Princess, acceding to my Queen's request and unzipped the
openings over my eyes. The domatrix did, however, leave the zip over my mouth
closed. Thus I lay, immovably on my back on the bondage structure. My line of
sight allowed my to peer, between the jutting mounds of my massive tits, at the
standing stalk of my thick, hot, throbbing cock, which now rose proudly from
what had become the highest point of my strapped down body.

My Queen took a harness like garment and stepped into it, drawing it up her
lovely legs like an athlete's jock strap. Another rubber discipline helmet hung
from the front centre of the belt of the garment. She tightened the belt so that
it could not slip down her belly. She then rose up to her full height, and
straddled my captive nudity. The Queen poised her bare crotch over the standing
stalk of my pulsating prick. I watched in excited awe while the marvellous royal
domatrix used her fingers to spread the plump lips of her ravishing pussy wide
open. I gasped with pleasure when the hot, wet meat of the mouth of her stunning
pussy sleave closed over the tip of my pulsing prick. I squealed in silent
ecstasy when the stunning domatrix allowed her gorgeous pussy tube to accept
every inch of my throbbing stalk. It took every ounce of my concentration to
stop my pleasure soaked pole of lust from erupting on the spot, in the velvet
embrace that had been denied it for so long.

My Queen sighed with pleasure while her rippling pussy hole clasped tightly
around my entire length. "Oh, how gorgeous that feels," the consummate hedonist
sighed, "There can bo no doubt about it, sweet cockslut, you do have the most
delightful prick in the universe. My pussy adores it. How lucky I am to own it.
Princess, bring the support arm into place, if you please." Princess then
manoeuvred a seat like apparatus under the Queen's thighs. Once in place my
Queen allowed her bottom cheeks to rest on the two slat like planks that formed
the base of the support. The slats were shaped to mould her bottom mounds
comfortably. She then allowed herself to lean back against the padded back rest
of the apparatus.

The thing looked like one of those movable seats that movie directors use to get
close looks at sets while filming, and it served a similar, but much more
interesting purpose, as part of this particular construction. As soon as she was
comfortable she called out to cuntslut to climb up onto my torso. The gorgeous
little slut hastened to comply, being anxious to be part of the Queen's
pleasure. The Queen then called on Princess to assist her. Soon they had
cuntslut's head trapped in the discipline helmet hanging from the centre of the
belt the Queen wore. It was, of course, obvious to me by now, what the purpose
of this whole harness like apparatus that my Queen wore was.

"Now, little slut," My Queen instructed cuntslut, "It's your job to use your
exquisitely soft little tongue to tease my woman prick, while my pussy hole is
pleasured by cockslut's big hot cock pole. As for you, cockslut, I have no need
to remind you that the consequences for you will be unimaginable, should you
allow your cock to spit while I am using it for my pleasure!"

The straps on the lower side of cuntslut's helmet were then tightened, causing
her trapped head to be brought flush up against the Queens drooling, widely
splayed pussy lips. I could just imagine the joy and elation cuntslut was
feeling as she allowed her tongue to play with the hard spike of our Queen's
beautiful girl prick, not to mention the luscious flavours that would, by this
time, be already dominating her senses.

"I'll tell you what, Princess," The Queen suggested, "Why don't you use little
cockslut's tongue to masturbate your woman cock. I have had a little device made
that is designed to facilitate the use his tongue just for this purpose. It's in
the storage cupboard over against the far wall. You won't be able to miss it,
darling, it's the only thing in the cupboard at present. When you get it I'll
explain how it is designed to be used." There was a few moments of silence while
Princess was obviously retrieving the item the Queen had mentioned. Then I felt
her hands on my head, and was able to star up at her evilly grinning face.

"Oh, I see that you've already worked out how it is to be used, darling." The
Queen laughed, "Well get it in place, then close off the whore's sight, and we
can settle down to our pleasure. Then I'll tell you all about the things I
learnt last night." Princess reached, with her fingers, into my mouth and hooked
out the length of my tongue. She pulled the slippery organ out as far as she
could, and then took the rubberised item she had retrieved. I gasped as the
elastic, rubber, ring like object enclosed my tongue, and was driven a couple of
inches down its length. The rubber ring captured my tongue close to my lips
causing about two inches of it to protrude out of the other side of the rubber
plug. It also caused my tongue to stiffen slightly, and actually denied me the
ability to wriggle it. The rubber plug like thing was then fixed securely to the
discipline helmet.

"What a clever idea, my Queen!" Princess exclaimed after she had finished
putting my tongue into its bizarre bondage. Then she zipped up the eye pieces of
the helmet, plunging me into total darkness. The only awareness sense available
to me now was that of hearing and, as such, this sense seemed to become highly
enhanced. I sensed, more than anything else, Princess' thighs straddling my
head, but there was no doubting the sensation of her stiff hot girl prick coming
into contact with my captive tongue. It was so delicious to be rendered so
helpless, and then used so erotically, by beautiful domatrixes. I was in heaven.

My acute hearing soon picked up on a low humming sound, and then the voice of
the Queen commenting, "Now, to find out how good this seat of mine is." My brain
exploded in ecstasy, and I had to utilise every ounce of my renowned self
control to stop my cock from exploding in orgasm. The seat on which my Queen
perched began to do two things. Firstly, it began to revolve in small slow
circles, causing my deeply buried prick to experience the luscious sensations of
my Queen's pussy pit being revolved sensually around its pulsating length. Then,
to my eternal anguish, the seat began to slowly rise up and fall by at least ten
inches. This caused my Queen's gorgeous pussy to stroke the entire length of my
throbbing cock, and it squeezed and massaged the stalk with all the skill and
erotic talent that my Queen possessed.

I was literally sobbing with the effort it took to stop myself from coming under
such an exquisitely pleasurable assault. The Queen, in ecstasy herself,
obviously understanding the erotic torment that I must have been going through,
shrieked out with her pleasure, "Oh, cockslut, this is simply gorgeous. My pussy
is coming already! I'm coming, sweet harlot dildo! I'm coming!" Her pussy sleave
seemed to be trying to strangle the life out of my wildly pulsating cock stalk
while she climaxed with feral intensity.

When she finally got her breath back she breathed, excitedly, "Sweet harlot, if
you can bear to take this until I've exhausted my craving for pleasure, without
disgracing yourself by allowing your prick to spurt, I'll grant you an ultimate
reward. I'll have your Princess whip you off most cruelly while I watch you
suffer. Think about it, my depraved whore! Think how glorious your agony will
be! Dream of your bleeding stalk erupting for your Queen's pleasure! I know
you'll love it! I know you'll adore it! Surely you'll not risk missing out on
such a gift! Oh! Oh! I'm coming again! I'm coming again! I don't believe it! The
ecstasy is exquisite my sweet slut!"

For my part, I was beyond coherent thought. My pleasure soaked cock could do
nothing but accept the glorious delights that my Queen's wildly spasming,
velvety pussy tube assailed it with. I tried to concentrate on the anticipation
of the fall of the whip, to lose myself in contemplation of flawless agony.
Somehow I managed it, and it was as much a result of the princess' use of my
tongue as anything. My senses were flooded with the rich, spicy flavours of her
gorgeous pussy, and that allowed me to get my mind off the pleasure that kept
threatening me with sexual insanity, from time to time.

Actually, after my Queen had experienced her first half a dozen climaxes, which
seemed to explode over her one after the other, my ordeal became slightly less
harrowing. The Queen also managed to arrive at some sort of control over her own
reactions. She settled down to enjoy a slow, but relentless surfeit of sexual
pleasure, her dripping pussy clasping my throbbing prick stalk with only a
slightly less forceful grip than at first, as it was drawn up and down on that
pole by the cleverly designed seat she occupied. All her pleasures, of course,
were complimented by the continued teasing of her stiff, pulsating woman cock by
the clever and insistent tongue of my sister slave, the adorable cuntslut.

The Queen broached the subject of our plans for the next day, before telling us
of things about the kingdom, and what they meant to us:

"Tomorrow, sweet Princess, you and I will go and acquire you that personal slave
I promised. That is likely to take us all day so I think we'll allow cockslut
and cuntslut to go to town and explore. Have you had a suitable set of costumes
made up for this sort of purpose yet?" She asked the Princess, who was just
coming down from yet another shattering climax wrenched from her spasming girl
prick while she masturbated it on my captive tongue. The Princess gasped out
that, while she thought that this would be OK, she would make certain of it
before she retired that evening.

For my part, I shivered with happiness. I well remembered the delights of
Natchez from my earlier exposure, and I couldn't wait to show the place to my
gorgeously sexy and submissive companion, cuntslut. The Queen then introduced a
subject that made my blood boil with residual resentment, then a self satisfied
sense of final justice, as the planned scenario unfolded. The Queen related the
story:

"His Majesty informed me that, about four months ago two dominants turned up in
what was then the principality. One was a huge blonde woman with a fabulous set
of tits, and the other, a massive negro. Sound familiar, sweet cockslut?" She
asked rhetorically, then continued, knowing I had no chance to even acknowledge
the question, let alone answer it, "Anyhow, they were looking for a couple of
their former slaves whom they insisted, deserved to be punished to the ultimate.
They informed His Majesty, that they had it from impeccable sources that the two
errant slaves had been seen, and definitely identified as having visited his
principality, and insisted that he find them, and either turn them over for
appropriate punishment, or tell them how to find them." The Queen paused while
yet another cataclysmic orgasm shook her, then continued with her tale:

"Little cockslut knows what I'm talking about when I say that these two, who
used to be our dominators, displayed the sort of arrogance that makes people
like the King, and I now, see red. Anyhow, the King had them thrown out of the
principality forth with. He told them that neither they, nor any agents they
might seek to send in the future, would be tolerated in the principality,
telling them that if they decided to ignore his warnings either they, or any who
represented them, might find out just how unpleasant it could be, in the
"prisons" under his control. Actually, there are no prisons, as such, in the
kingdom, but I'll explain about that later." The Queen related. Her writhing
pussy sleave gave my pleasure soaked sex pole an extra strong squeeze, obviously
transmitting to me the fact that she realised what effect her disclosures might
be having on me, for it was obvious she was talking about Mistress Lotta, and
Master Frederick, before she continued:

"I made no bones about the fact that I knew who His Majesty was talking about,
and while he was relating his story a plan began to form in my head. I know the
cockslut does not have a dominant cell in his body, but I also know that my
feelings towards the odious woman that so abused him are as powerful and
vengeful as possible. I also know that my thirst for revenge against the man who
betrayed my trust can never be quenched. I quickly outlined my plan to his
Majesty, and he has entered into the spirit of my scheme to extract the ultimate
revenge entirely." My heart pounded with elation while I tried to anticipate
what deliciously cruel vengeance my Queen had dreamed up. I was not to be
disappointed.

"I have asked his Majesty to somehow convey to the two loathsome dominants that
he has forgiven them their rudeness, and understands their frustration at what
their slaves had done, and seemingly got away with. He has, in short, invited
them to return to the kingdom, in the hope that he will be able to assist them
in their search. Needless to say, when they return we are going to capture them,
and their lives as dominants will be over. They will suffer the ultimate
humiliation for dominants. That is we intend to reduce them to depraved slavery
of the lowest type we can dream up." The Queen laughed in glee at the thought of
the vengeance she would wreak, and I must admit that even I was eagerly
anticipating the plans she might have devised.

"I intend to reduce the heinous Frederick to the status of castrated male
harlot, to spend the rest of his existence imprisoned in my own brothel. He will
serve as a suck slave to males, almost exclusively. But even more appropriately,
he will be tormented and subjugated until he, himself, begs me to have him
de-balled, so that he can begin his life long sentence. I am going to enjoy
bringing that bastard down, I can assure you!" The Queen's feral pussy exploded
yet again. I'm sure is was as much from the anticipation of revenge, than from
the pleasure my tormented cock imparted.

"As for cockslut's former owner, I have devised a special, life long punishment
for that putrid slag. You know, darlings," She said with a chortle, "And I'm
sure that the sting in the tail of my little plan will not be lost on my little
cockslut. This horrible pervert revelled in reducing cockslut to the most
demeaning of situations not, as you would think, in the fashion of a sensitive
dominant, but more as the selfish bitch that she has always been. You all know
what a beautiful fuck stick cockslut has. Well this whore bitch forced him to
display it for her pleasure all the time, and never allowed it to enter any of
her sluttish orifices. She, in her supreme arrogance, thought that cockslut's
lovely prick was beneath the rewards of entering her body. Such unconscionable
pomposity! And not only that, she threatened my cockslut with the ultimate
punishment for a willing submissive if he ever allowed even the tiniest drop of
his succulent ball cream to touch her person!" The Queen related, obviously
raising the ire of the Princess who expressed her own disbelief at such mindless
cruelty, and who began to show a more keen interest in assisting with the
punishment of such a person. The Queen continued to unfold her plan:

"I intend to reduce this odious slut to a state where she worships slave cock
only, and in particular, the cock of her former chattel, cockslut. She will
spend every conscious moment mindlessly displaying her utter submission to slave
prick in both thought and action. The heinous slag, from the moment of her utter
surrender on, will only ever be fucked up her vile cunt pit, or equally putrid
arse chasm, or be permitted to orally worship slave cock when in public, with an
audience who can appreciate her servile submission, and be entertained by her
perverted worship. Indeed, the only prick to ever actually violate the fat
whore, or be worshipped by her contemptible maw, will that which she vowed would
never sully her person, the prick of my lovely slave, cockslut!" I shivered with
pleasure at the appropriateness of my Queen's revenge, and dreamed of the awful
fate that my former domatrix would be forced not only to submit to, but to revel
in, in her forced surrender. My Queen, however, was not yet finished:

"Each time I have cockslut violate the foul whore, before the required audience,
she will be forced to plead for her humiliation, heaping scorn upon herself for
her previous behaviour, and expressing her utter adoration of the prick that she
had so cruelly denied. Further, my friends, at the climax of each public
humiliation of the fat harlot, far from never allowing a speck of submissive sex
juice to tarnish her skin, she will joyfully accept the streams of a multitude
of spurting slave cocks bathing her nudity. She will be forced to express her
joy at being so privileged, while wallowing in the shower of slave ball juice
that splashes onto her. As a climax to her degradation the corpulent harlot will
beg to show her gratitude to the slaves who have so honoured her, by begging to
be permitted to tongue kiss their pungent arse rings." The Queen sighed
contentedly while yet another orgasm, albeit, a much milder one shook her body,
just as she finished relating her plans for my former domatrix.

I could only marvel at her cruel imagination, and her ingenuity at coming up
with such appropriate retribution for the heartless Mistress Lotta. I looked
forward to the pleasure of seeing the fabulous Lotta reduced to worshipping my
cock so humiliatingly, not to mention the satisfaction I would derive from
fucking the previously haughty bitch. Before continuing with the next instalment
of her news the Queen suggested to Princess that little cuntslut's delightful
tongue was causing her such delight that the adorable slut deserved a small
reward her unstinting efforts. She asked the Princess if she would mind
attending to the little harlot's pleasure by fist fucking her silky cunt tube.
Needless to say, Princess was only to happy to comply, and I could soon discern
that cockslut's little body was moving noticeably against my thrusting tits.

"The King has informed me that, as a matter of course, I will be expected to
join him in passing judgement, and imposing appropriate punishments, on sexual
miscreants brought before special courts that are conducted within the Kingdom
from time to time. It appears that both dominants and slaves are permitted to
bring grievances before this court, which generally sits once a month, depending
on the numbers of complaints lodged. I, of course, am only too happy to attend
these sittings, and will, no doubt, derive great pleasure from the events. The
next of these trials is scheduled to take place at the King's palace a week from
now. You, my Princess, have been nominated as the special prosecutor, a duty you
will no doubt enjoy I suspect. The normal prosecutor has displeased the King,
and has been stripped of his privilege. Cockslut and cuntslut, of course, will
be permitted to view the proceedings from a specially built slaves' gallery."

My Queen paused for breath, no doubt building to another pleasure peak as her
stunning pussy plunged up and down on my ferally aching pole of lust, while the
infinitely clever tongue of cuntslut teased her bulging woman cock with
relentless eroticism. I heard the unmistakable squelching sounds of a fist
reaming out a pussy, and the wriggling of cuntslut's delightful nudity against
my massive tits, bore evidence to the ecstasy the little harlot was being
subjected to by the lovely Princess. The consummate domatrix continued to
masturbate her own spasming girl prick on my captive tongue which was, by this
time, almost completely numb.

"After we have purchased you a slave, Princess, I think we'll take the
opportunity to inspect my brothel. It makes me so much money that I expect that
it will be hard to improve on, but, never the less, I intend to increase its
profits. We will be able to put our immaginations to the test in dreaming up
depraved and perverted services that will cater to our clients' deviant tastes,
and persuade them to part with their hard earned cash, I'm sure. The extra time
this will take will give my two little slutlings plenty of time to explore the
strip."

Little muffled squeals of pleasure were soon emanating from just above me, and I
correctly assumed that cuntslut was making these while Princess' driving fist
brought her off. Certainly the almost painful bouncing of her smooth thighs on
my tits seemed to bear this out. The three women enjoyed their sexual diversion,
almost entirely at my expense, for another hour or so. The Queen, from time to
time, announcing other things that she had learned. Eventually, even she seemed
to tire, however, and the vice like grip her fabulous pussy held on my tormented
prick stalk began to lose some of its former potency. Finally, the movement of
the bizarre seat the Queen occupied was stilled, with my cock buried to the hilt
up that adorable sex sleave. With a sigh of contentment, and complete sexual
satiation, my Queen prepared to dismount. As she did so, her elastic pussy tube
gave my pulsing stalk one final, intense squeeze, which she held for the entire
time it took for her to un-sheath herself.

"Oh! Just look at the state of cockslut's stalk!" The Queen cried out with glee.
"I've never seen it looking so red. It must be super sensitive! How deliciously
it will be able to savour its agony. The poor little whore's nuts have swollen
enormously. They must be literally bursting with sap. I'll bet we are in for a
magnificent exhibition of male sexuality peaking, my dears. It will be just
stupendous, I'm sure!"

By this time the Queen must have freed cuntslut form her mild bondage for I next
felt the little slut dismounting from her position on top of me. Princess then
un-straddled my captive head, and removed the rubber plug that had held my
tongue imprisoned for so long. It was with some relief that I allowed it to flop
back into my mouth, and was able to work some feeling back into the horribly
abused organ. I was thankful that I was not required to speak at this point for
I was sure that I would have been incapable of making any coherent sounds, such
was the state of my aching tongue.

"Princess, retrieve a suitable weapon from our collection to administer to
cockslut's pleasure punishment, if you please. I'm sure that there are plenty to
choose from but, because he was so good, and so dutiful, choose a particularly
brutal one, for his suffering deserves to be as exquisitely agonising as is
possible." I shuddered with dreadful anticipation, strapped down as I was, and
completely defenceless. But I found myself yearning for my ordeal to begin. My
long, thick, hot cock pole, still shining with the juices of my Queen's
marvellous pussy, throbbed with eager lust, and longed to burn in agony.

Suddenly the zips covering my eyes were opened, and I blinked away the tears
that sudden exposure to light had caused to flow from them as soon as that light
hit me. Once I was again able to see properly, I found that I was able to gaze
down my body, between my massive tits, at the standing pole of my tormented
cock. Indeed it was as red as I had ever seen it. My Queen was right. It looked
as though it had been rubbed raw. Its delicate skin shone with the juices of her
sex, which were slowly drying, but still gave it the appearance of having been
painted with a shiny reflective substance.

Princess returned with a whip. My heart leapt in fear at its barbaric design,
even though I had seen similar weapons before. It was four feet long, with a
penis shaped hand grip at one end, which the domatrix held in her gloved fist,
which itself, still bore the evidence of having been used to fuck out little
cuntslut's perverted cunt pit. The rest of the whip consisted of a barely
flexible length of heavy gauge wire. The business end, that is the last six
inches or so, was decorated with a myriad of tiny, sharply honed spikes. The
light in the room reflected from these vicious little metal points giving the
wire an appearance of being crusted with tiny lights. I could only imagine the
agony this whip would wreak on my defenceless prick, and the pounding of my
heart took on new dimensions in anticipation of that event.

"Little slut," My Queen asked, "Would you like to worship your Queen's arse ring
with your submissive tongue while your gorgeous prick receives its painful
reward?" Before I could gather my thoughts to answer, the Queen interjected,
"No! I'm being selfish! I don't want to deny you the pleasure of watching while
Princess whips the scum from your cock. I know how much seeing yourself suffer
adds to your masochistic delight, my little pet. No, I won't deny you that small
pleasure!" The Queen smiled down at me, then noted that I was attempting,
vainly, of course, to rut my hips to alert her to the fact that I wished to
communicate. "You may speak, little harlot." She smiled. I gathered my thoughts,
and then pleaded, in suitably servile, and adoring tones, my eyes glistening
with tears of love and devotion:

"Oh Please! Oh Please! Most adored Queen. If it is your desire to savour the
sensations of my utterly submissive tongue worshipping at the sacred pout of
your eternally glorious anal ring. If it is your whim to feed my adoring senses
with the luscious flavours of your incomparably succulent rectum! Please!
Please! my revered Queen! Don't deny yourself this pleasure so that I, a mere
slave and plaything, can be afforded an insignificant gift. Please! Please! my
most idolised Queen! That I am to receive the ultimate reward, suffering for
your amusement is enough for me. Please! My Queen! Please!"

"Oh you adorable, adorable slut!" The Queen cried, her voice almost cracking
with emotion. "You are so superbly submissive! So utterly, and completely
devoted! To think that, even as you are about to suffer the most pitiless of
punishments! The most inhuman of agonies, you still think only of my pleasure.
You still display complete subordination of your own craving before a mere whim
from me. You have placed me in a dilemma, my pretty little pain whore. Now I
want both!" As soon as she had uttered these words, my hips attempted to rut
again, and my frantic eyes pleaded with her to be heard. "Speak, little harlot."
She cried.

"Please! Oh Please! Most cherished Queen!" I squealed in utter devotion. "You
can have both! You can, adored Majesty! Allow yourself to experience the
sensations of my worshipping tongue working tirelessly for the pleasure of your
divine anal ring, and heavenly rectum while Princess attends to the punishment
of my throbbing prick stalk. Please! Please! Idolised Majesty. I promise that a
minute or so, before my suffering sex slug is ready to spit, I'll signal you by
driving my adoring tongue as deeply into the hallowed depths of your fabulous
rectum as it is possible to do. You can then allow me to see my cock stalk
spurt, if it still pleases you to do so. Please! Please! Please! Adored Majesty,
you can have both! You can! You can!" I sobbed out with deeply felt emotion
racking my entire captive body.

The Queen's eyes radiated a deep love that, in turn, filled my heart with
complete happiness, before she replied to my suggestion, "Oh, you incomparably
submissive, sweet slut!" She enthused, "None of the King's ball-less whores can
hold a candle to you when it comes to submission. How could he even question the
veracity of your yearning to serve because I have allowed you to retain you
balls, you superbly servile little animal. Is this session being taped?" She
asked Princess. "Yes, your Majesty," the lovely domatrix replied, adding, "All
your sessions are to be taped for future viewing, as you have commanded."
"Good!" The Queen rejoined. "I'll send a copy of this one to his Majesty, so he
can see, first hand, how a truly subservient male acts, without the need to
suppress his urges. So that he can witness that retaining the ability to react
sexually need not only prevent such selfless devotion but, indeed, add to it
immeasurably. Of course, I'll accede to your pleas, my wonderful whore." She
said to me, "And to show you just how delighted I am with your demonstration of
selfless devotion I am going to grant you yet another reward." She then directed
her propositions to Princess first, then to cuntslut.

"Princess, concentrate your efforts solely on the top third of cockslut's lovely
prick stalk, will you? This will serve a two fold purpose. Firstly, it will
ensure that all of the punishment is inflicted on the most sensitive part of the
harlot's prick, and secondly, it will serve to protect our little cuntslut,
while she undertakes the task I will give her. You, little cuntslut, are to
kneel between cockslut's legs, and suck on his lovely full balls until he has
emptied them for our amusement. You may frig your little girl prick while you
suck, but you are to ensure that your precious little tongue imparts pleasure to
the slave's swollen eggs at least as exquisite as the agony Princess' cruel whip
will inflict on his tortured prick. Now get into position for I'm sure that my
sweet cockslut is as anxious for his ordeal to begin, as I am to see it happen!
Now, let's get rid of this!" She concluded, stripping the discipline helmet from
my head.

The coolish air of the room quickly began to dry the skin of my face, which, of
course, had sweated profusely when in the confines of the rubberised helmet. I
gazed up at the most beautiful sight I could ever imagine being privileged to
see, the glorious sight of my Queen's exquisitely beautiful, completely hairless
pussy descending towards my face. I noted that the plump outer lips of that
stunningly beautiful female sex were slightly rosy, a result, no doubt, of the
excesses it had recently revelled in. All too soon, however, it began to
disappear from my line of sight. The sense of acute loss that this engendered in
me was short lived, however, for the equally magnificent sight of my Queen's
fabulous bottom cheeks soon took their place, as the centre of my attention. The
closer the gorgeous, smooth skinned mounds got to my eagerly waiting face, the
wider they split apart, until the intimate hole they normally protected was
fully revealed to my worshipping gaze.

My heart raced with submissive happiness when, finally, the warm flesh of this
marvellous chasm met my cheeks, and my yearning mouth was brought into reach of
the target of its adoration, the luscious anal ring of my Queen. My tongue
immediately reached out to that sacred ring, and my rapture was complete when it
was finally able to touch that intimate circlet of muscle, and my taste buds
were able to savour the delicious flavours it exuded. My Queen wriggled her
bottom slightly, allowing me full access to her most secret orifice, and then
settled down to enjoy my worship of it.

The next thing I felt was warm breath wafting over the swollen aching orbs of my
bursting balls, then the delicious sensation of cuntslut's exquisitely soft
little tongue washing over and around their sensitive meat. While the pleasure
filled me my own tongue began to lap wetly, and devotedly at my Queen's luscious
anal ring. "Begin, if you please, Princess! I'm sure that little cockslut can't
wait. Don't show any mercy! The slave would not thank you for making his ordeal
any less painful for him. Be pitiless! Drive the yearning slut to the very
portals of slave paradise quickly, then keep him there until his agony is
totally encompassing. Then increase the savagery with which you punish him. Only
then will you manage to drive him over the edge, where he longs to exist!"

The incessant lapping of my aching balls continued unabated, and my own tongue
became more and more passionate, worshipping with all its talent. I then heard
an aerie whistle and my mouth gaped with shock when the stem of my cock erupted
in divine agony. The whip sliced its sensitive skin with gorgeous cruelty. I
keened wildly into the flesh of my Queen's arse chasm while the agony set my
nerves on fire. Princess wasted no time in bringing the brutal whip down onto my
fabulously suffering prick stalk over and over again, and all I could do was
shriek and howl into the warm flesh that captured my face. Tears of anguish
flooded down my cheeks, and my tongue went wild over my Queen's delicious anal
ring, as if it had a mind of its own.

The Queen then began to give a running commentary of events, adding to the aura
of my pain and suffering by highlighting it so graphically, and by giving
explicit instructions continually to the Princess, as to how to make my
suffering more and more acute, and heart rending. "Princess!" She cried, "You
must concentrate your efforts on the meat behind his cock head. It is much more
sensitive there! That's right! Whip it harder! Harder! See how the suffering
whore's ecstatic prick is responding! Watch it pulse! Watch it throb! You must
work him slowly, ever building his anguish! Ever increasing his pain! cuntslut!
Suck his balls harder! Forget tenderness! The slave now needs passion! Not mere
pleasure!"

My agony grew and grew while my suffering prick stalk was sliced up with feral
brutality by the merciless domatrix. I had long since ceased to howl and shriek
out my agony. It had long gone past that point. My fevered brain teetered on the
edge of masochistic insanity. It was only a matter of time. The closer the
incredibly accurately delivered strokes of the brutal whip came to their
ultimate target, the flaring, wildly pulsating, and as yet untouched head of my
agonised cock, the closer I came to the climax of my suffering, to ultimate
ecstasy. My tongue had, by this time, began to penetrate my Queen's elastic anal
ring, going deeper with every involuntary plunge it made. The Queen, realising
this, began to change her tact with her commentary:

"Princess!" She almost shouted, such was her excitement, "He's almost there!
Look at the head of his cock! See how it's flaring uncontrollably! See how it's
reaching out for its pain! See how it pleads for its agony! Grant it its wish,
Princess! Grant it its wish! Flay the gorgeous knob with all your strength!
Thrash it mercilessly! Whip it savagely! The suffering harlot will thank you
from the deepest recesses of his being! Send him to paradise! Now! Do it now!"

By the time the first brutal slash sliced up the supersensitised head of my
tormented cock my tongue was already buried to half its length in the clasping
tube of my immaculate Queen's wildly clasping rectum. This, of course, prevented
me from howling out my agony, not that I would have been capable of such a
reaction such was the sheer shock of the pain. Stars of agony kept exploding in
my brain. I was way beyond any form of lucid reaction to what was being
inflicted on my prick. My balls, involuntarily, began to churn wildly under the
continuous passionate workings of cuntslut's delightful tongue. I knew that my
climax was imminent, and I drove my tongue so deeply into my Queen's writhing
rectal sleave that I wondered whether or not its tip might actually emerge from
her mouth.

The Queen, recognising the signal, tore her bottom from my face, and crouched
next to me. She grasped my head in her hands and cradled it against the soft
masses of her beautiful naked breasts, forcing me to witness my own torment and,
of course, the inevitable climax to my ordeal. "He's almost there, Princess!
Whip his prick tip harder! Harder! Faster! Faster! Princess! Drive the slut to
nirvana!" Princess sliced up the head of my tormented cock with renewed energy,
the imminence of my release raising the level of her own excitement
immeasurably. If the experience of such exquisite agony is a hopeless addiction
to a masochistic slave such as me, then the inflicting of that agony is
similarly intoxicating to the sadist who inflicts it, and the cruel domatrix
actually began to shriek with glee, while her arm flashed up and down with each
mercilessly delivered stroke.

My huge pole of lust dripped with blood by this time. My shocked eyes marvelled
at the abuse it had absorbed. It began to visibly pulsate, while my belly
vibrated without control, and my thighs knotted in sympathy with my suffering.
"He's there, Princess! He's there! One more stroke, delivered with all your
might will detonate his explosion! Do it, Princess! Do it!" The Queen shrieked
in excitement. Princess drew the brutal whip back to the fullest extent her
posture would allow, then brought it flashing down with a grunt of effort. I
watched in a daze. Everything seemed to slow down. I thought I could see every
individual spike on the encrusted wire as it flashed towards my bleeding, agony
soaked cock head. I watched the impact, seeing the meat of my tormented prick
tip indent impossibly with the force that it was struck. Saw the cruel spikes
tear at the delicate skin with consummate savagery. Saw a fresh surge of blood
fly from the pitilessly punished flesh after the whip fell away. Then it
happened!

A high pitched wail of ecstasy erupted from deep in my chest, and brought all
other activity in the room to a complete stand still. All watched in complete
awe while my agony soaked prick erupted. A stream of creamy ball juice, so hot
that I could have sworn it gave off steam as it spurted from the tip of my
prick, flew high above my spasming crotch. The stream seemed endless. One
unbelievable release that could never end. I could actually feels my churning
nuts being drained. I had never before experienced one single eruption so
powerful before. By the time it was finally expended it must have grown to at
least twenty feet in length, for the initial spurting was already splashing down
onto my heaving tits before the beginning of the stream had ended.

I panted with effort. My brain had burst into a frenzy of immaculate ecstasy. I
no longer comprehended where I was, or who I was with. My entire being was
focused on the tip of my prick. It flexed so wildly after that first release, as
if it were drawing renewed strength. Then a fresh deluge of boiling ball juice
surged from its tip and arched up towards the ceiling. This surge had lost none
of the potency of its predecessor, and my balls began to ache with a savagery
that vied with the agony of my abused cock stem for possession of my masochistic
elation.

Even my Queen was silent while my climax continued, with no end seemingly in
sight. Perhaps she was struck dumb in awe of my performance. Perhaps she had a
fleeting sense of loss, given that such ecstasy through agony was not the path
for her any longer. More likely, I suspect, was the fact that she was overcome
by the sense of power that having controlled this event caused in her. My climax
lasted at least a full minute, which seemed to be an hour to me. I revelled in
my ecstasy, willing my abused prick to continue to explode until my slack balls
had no more to give. Then my head collapsed against my Queen's lovely breasts,
and I was so exhausted that it was all I could do to keep my eyes open.

The Queen was the first to regain her senses after the joy, and sheer excitement
of what we had all just witnessed. She tenderly petted my moist brow cooing with
delight at my performance. "You must surely be the luckiest slave ever to have
existed!" She exclaimed, "The rest of us can only wonder at the level of ecstasy
you have just reached. Even when I was a slave myself, I'm sure that I never
even went close to reaching the peak that you just demonstrated, you delightful
little animal." I smiled, despite my fatigue, and my Queen scooped up a huge
mass of the cock cream that covered my tits. She painted one of her own stiff
nipples with the juice, then fed the nubbin to me to suck. I actually drifted
off to sleep in her arms, nursing on her nipple, and thrilling to the ripe
flavour of my own cock juice.

I woke up the next morning in my own bed. I didn't know how I got there, but my
first thought was that my Queen might be displeased with the fact that I had
fallen asleep after the previous night's excesses, and would be angry with me.
My heart was breaking with the thought that this might be so, and a great
sadness came over me. Suddenly my door opened, and a nude, and obviously excited
cuntslut ran into my room and jumped up onto my bed.

"You were just awesome last night, cockslut." The little slut cried. "Our Queen
was so pleased with you she cradled you for an hour afterwards. She let me suck
up all your ball cream as a reward for having sucked your balls with such
passion." The little vixen babbled on excitedly. I ventured a tentative concern
that my falling asleep might have angered the Queen, but was soon disavowed of
this fear by the cute, playful little slut. "She was just so pleased with you
cockslut. I don't think it would have mattered what you did after such a
splendid come. Our Queen was beside herself with pleasure. She was so excited
that she even had me suck her glorious pussy until she came again, despite the
number of comes she had had earlier." I must say that these revelations came as
a relief to me, and the pounding of my heart stilled while contentment washed
over my still half asleep nudity.

"Come on, cockslut!" Little cuntslut cried, shaking me until I was fully awake.
"Hurry up! We've got to dress for our adventure in town! You'll just adore the
costumes Princess has laid out for us. They are soooooo sexy, and so deliciously
revealing, and concealing at the same time, especially yours! You'll show me
everything in town, won't you, darling cockslut! Won't you! Promise!" The lovely
little slave girl cried excitedly, kissing me over and over in her euphoria at
the coming adventure. I smiled slyly at her impish delight, thinking that there
was a lot of my Queen, prior to her conversion to domatrix, in the beautiful
little slut. My own excitement was, of course, also growing by this time, and I
rose from my bed, pulling her wriggling nudity up with me.

We showered together, then went into our dressing room to prepare ourselves for
our venture out into the world. A note fixed to our vanity mirror from our
Princess informed us that we were to be in the garage by nine o'clock, and that
our appearance had better be perfect. I looked at the clock on the wall of the
dressing room and saw that we had nearly an hour to get ready, so I wasn't
worried about time. Our costumes were, of course, identical in design, except
that mine included a pair of panties. Well you could not actually describe the
skimpy garment as panties, more of a series of tiny cloth strips. When I
inspected them more closely, their purpose soon became clear, and I blushed,
despite myself.

The halters that were to support our massive tits were the first things we
donned. These garments were pretty normal, except for one strange thing. They
did not, of course, actually cover any of our tits, rather, the small cups, when
we had put them on, served merely to support the bases of our lush mounds.
Between our tits, and at their bases, was a small rubberised cylinder that lay,
horizontally, connecting the cups. I found that this cylinder was quite rigid,
and had a tiny metal strip embedded in the rubber along its entire length. We
both wondered what the purpose of this strange item was. We were to find out
later once we were in the town, and it was to cause us considerable
embarrassment as you will see. Anyhow, once we had our halters on we marvelled
out how they served to accentuate, and present our fabulous tits so sexily.

I took up the panty arrangement and slipped it up my legs. Cuntslut then helped
me to feed the soft tube of my prick into a satin pouch. The long organ was
wrapped into a circle, and slightly flattened out by the tube. Each of my balls
was also enclosed in a pouch of that same flesh coloured material. The top part
of the pouch was then anchored securely to the front of the waist band of the
panties. Its bottom was attached to a single, incredibly thin thong which went
between my arse slabs, and attached to the rear of the waist band. When this
thong was pulled as tightly as it could go, and then tied off at the rear of the
waist band the real purpose of the panties became clearly apparent. My cock was
flattened out in the centre of my belly, and was so well disguised that I looked
like I had a smallish bulge in my flat belly, carrying a little extra weight
there to anyone noticing it at all. The squashing up of my balls elongated the
eggs and caused them to resemble a pair of plump, protruding, outer cunt lips,
accentuated by the effect of the flesh coloured pouch, between my legs. I
blushed furiously when it was all apparent. The purpose was to disguise my sex
so that I would look totally female, while still dressed, except, perhaps, for
the closest of scrutiny.

We quickly put on our garter belts and hose, and then our ridiculously high
healed sandal like shoes. Lastly we donned the toga like tunics that completed
our ensembles. These tunics barely covered our svelte bodies. Large amounts of
our bulging tits would be revealed especially when we were moving, but never all
of them. The purpose was to tease, but never quite fulfil the expectations of
anyone looking at us. The skirts of the tunics were obviously short, and hung to
slightly different lengths in front and back. At the rear they allowed the
bottom thirds of our smooth, shapely arse mounds to be visible. The fronts
reached down to the tops of our full thighs so that there would be a bare
glimpse of the bottoms of cuntslut's plump cunt lips, and my bizarrely captive
balls, looking like cunt lips, whenever a breeze, or our movements might cause
the hem of the skirt to rise. There were, however, tiny metal rods sewn into the
material in the fronts of our skirts to prevent them from drifting too high.
Once again the purpose was to tease and titillate, not to brazenly reveal.

We quickly applied our make-up. Since we were to be out among the public, our
make-up jobs were appropriately sluttish and heavy, but still rendered our faces
incredibly beautiful. Only one piece of jewellery each had been put out for us.
These were necklaces that were really badges of ownership. Semi circular
pendants of white gold, clearly spelling out `Property of Her Majesty the
Queen'. Having completed our dressing we carefully inspected each other,
ensuring that our make-up was perfect and the seams of our stockings were
perfectly straight.

"Are'nt you excited, darling cockslut!" The gorgeous cuntslut squealed. "You're
so beautiful! I wish I was as beautiful as you!" She added with a touch of
jealousy. I must admit I gloried in how beautiful my Queen had made me, but was
soon reassuring cuntslut that she was every bit as desirable as I, which, of
course, she was. The little harlot exuded that aura of innocence that
complimented that sluttishness of her appearance superbly. Something that,
unfortunately, I was not able to do. My looks were pure erotic. There was never
any doubt about what I was, where as with cuntslut, a little subtle change to
her make over, and she would be the picture of purity, rather than the epitome
of depravity. I took great pains to explain this to her while we walked down to
the garage.

When we arrived both the Queen and the Princess were already waiting. We
immediately slipped to our knees while they both inspected us closely. After
having expressed their satisfaction with our appearances the Queen commented
mockingly, "Well, Princess. Don't these two look like a couple of lascivious
little whores out for a good time?" The Princess replied, with a chuckle, "I'm
not surprised, your Majesty, after all, that's exactly what they are, are'nt
they?" Both domatrixes burst out laughing, at our expense, but it was not a
laughter of derision, more of a tease.

A servant opened the rear door to the limousine, and we all entered the luxury
cabin. We were to travel first class it seemed, at least on our way to town. It
seemed to me that we always travelled in the cabin on the way to events, and in
the baggage compartment when returning. I suppose it was to ensure that our
appearance would not be spoiled when starting out, where as it didn't matter
when we were returning. On the way into town the Queen gave us our instructions:

"You can enjoy yourselves to your heart's content, little whores." She informed
us. "But I have a few little tasks for you, and a few instructions for you,
cockslut, since you already know a little about the town. Firstly, I want no
cocks being sucked by either of you today. You may, however, suck on pussies if
the opportunity arises. In fact, I insist upon it. Your faces will be given the
sniff test by Princess, when we come to collect you, and they had better reek of
ripe pussy." She announced, with a smile. "I'm sure that cockslut remembers a
certain restaurant where you may have your lunch. I have arranged an account
there, so you won't be needing any money. I don't want you being subjected to
any heavy training there, cockslut, only some mild humiliation for you this
time, and only with pussy as the main object, is that clear?"

I gazed up at my beautiful Queen. My mind was in a quandary of mixed feelings. I
was delighted to be permitted to eat at that particular restaurant, but
inconsolable because I would not be permitted to suck the Maitre `d' off, as I
had done on my previous visit. Never the less, I acceded to her demands with not
a shred of my disappointment showing. "I think I'd like little cuntslut to get
me a little present, perhaps from a lesbian boutique. Having no money will be a
bit of a problem, but cockslut has been taught how to overcome this obstacle,
haven't you, you sweet little harlot?" I blushed prettily up at my Queen,
clearly remembering the last time we brought something without money, and, of
course, how we actually paid for it.

The Queen grinned impishly, hugely enjoying my embarrassment, then, as we
reached the out skirts of the town, gave us our final instructions, "We are
going to drop you off at the `Haven of Slaves' little sluts. We will pick you up
at the same place precisely at five this evening, so make sure you are back
there by then. You may enjoy the delights of the town to your heart's content,
but remember your instructions!"

The big car pulled up in front of the club, and we were let out. We stood on the
side walk, and watched our Queen disappear down the road. Almost before the car
had disappeared from view I was brought back to the present by an excited squeal
from cuntslut, "Oh, cockslut! look at this! How deliciously depraved!" She was
looking at the picture gallery at the door to the club. It showed slaves being
mistreated savagely, and advertised that these were only a sample of the
delights awaiting anyone who entered.

"Can we go in and have a look?" cuntslut asked excitedly. I remembered that the
entry fee was high for that particular club, but also remembered that it was, in
fact, owned by our Queen, and our necklaces, advertising us as her property also
might get us in, but I decided that we should not go into that establishment
unless out Queen expressly desired us to. I was sure that this was the correct
course of action for us, and explained it as such to cuntslut. She was obviously
disappointed, but I quickly brought her spirits back up by suggesting that we
would no doubt spend many an evening in the club. Indeed we were highly likely
to be frequently the centre of attention when we did. Besides, I explained to
her, there was plenty of other places for us to explore on this, our first
visit, and I was sure that she would not be disappointed with our day.

We started off, deciding to do a complete lap of the strip. I was anxious to see
what new places had opened up since my last visit, and was equally interested in
visiting some that I had not had the time to before. As we walked, arm in arm
like two lesbian lovers, I noted that we drew quite a bit of attention from
passers by. But I also began to note that dominants that might normally have
taken an interest in us suddenly became less eager when they got closer to us.
Slaves too, seemed to become less interested, in fact, looked on us with obvious
envy when close to us. It took me a half an hour to realise that the reason for
this reaction was actually quite obvious. We were advertised as being the
property of the new Queen. This explained the reluctance of the dominants, and
certainly the envy of slaves, being afraid of risking the new Queen's wrath in
the first instance, and expressing jealousy of our perceived privileged position
in the second. I resolved to explain this dilemma to the Queen as soon as we
were picked up that afternoon. I was sure that this was not a reaction she had
either anticipated, nor desired.

Never the less, we strolled up and down the street, taking in the many exciting
attractions, and basking in the attention our progress still brought from almost
every other person on the street. I could tell that cuntslut was rapt in the
attention. She had not been exposed, as a slave, in public all that often in her
young life, and it was obvious that her exhibitionist nature was overjoyed that
her status as a slut, and slave, was centre of attention. Not withstanding this,
however, she kept a firm grip on my arm while we walked. While the delicious
humiliation she experienced was obviously to her liking, the little slut was
still not overly confident, and, I suspect, a little scared. This was, after
all, probably the first time she had ever been allowed out in public,
un-supervised by a dominant of some description.

The strip is over a mile long, and it took us the best part of two hours to
traverse it all. On the way I noted a number of new night spots, although night
and day were not really any different with regard to the activities of the
strip. Establishments tended to remain active twenty four hours a day to cater
for the thousands of curious tourists, both of the real culture, or just merely
inquisitive amateurs who flocked to a place with such liberal and bizarrely
erotic attitudes. I noted a plush new club, dedicated to homosexual diversions
that had not been open before, and noted that a plush limousine stood at its
front. The car bore the coat of arms of the King, and I assumed he was sampling
the delights of the place.

A little further down the street I saw a similarly new establishment, but this
one catering to lesbians. I noted the sign on the door which forbad entry to
pricks. Cuntslut noted the place at the same time as I, and was quick to
exclaim, "Oh, cockslut! This is where we can find some pussy to suck!" She cried
out excitedly, then noting my frown of annoyance, quickly kissed me and
whispered in my ear, "Don't worry, darling cockslut, your disguise is perfect.
No one will realise that you have a cock." "But what if we get stripped when we
are inside because everyone knows that we are slaves." I rejoined, in my role of
protector, and guide, to the inexperienced cuntslut.

The delightful little whore, however, proved to be much more knowing, and
observant, than I had given her credit for, as her next statement attested,
"Don't worry, darling, Once they see that we are owned by the Queen, I suspect
that any instructions we give will be adhered to implicitly. No one will want to
risk getting on the wrong side of our Queen, I'll bet!" I could but agree, and
it would certainly be exciting to deceive a crowd of lesbians, and we would
surely, if we made it known that the Queen had ordered us to suck some pussy,
there would be no shortage of volunteers. I announced to the eager cuntslut that
we would eat first, as it was almost lunch time, and I yearned to gaze at the
beautiful penis of what I still considered to be a transsexual Mistress, even if
I was forbidden to suck it. Cuntslut was a little reluctant at first, now eager
to feast on pussy, but a quick explanation of the bizarre nature of the eatery
we were going to visit soon had her as enthusiastic for it as she was for the
dyke club.

While we walked towards the restaurant the little vixen kept up a constant
barrage of erotic banter:

"What is your favourite, cockslut," Cuntslut asked excitedly, "Do you like to
suck divine dominant pussy, or rich, ripe slave cunt split more? Which is it?" I
thought for a few seconds, and then replied that I couldn't make up my mind, but
what I did know was that I adored sucking both our Queen's, and Princess' sacred
pussies most of all, or at least as much as I did hers. The lewd slut kept
chattering away as we neared the restaurant. She told me that she had only ever
sucked two pussies in her entire life, Princess' and our Queen's, and she was
looking forward to broadening her experience. I told cuntslut that I would do
the talking when we entered the eatery, as I had been there before, and knew how
it operated. Cuntslut, unlike her predecessor in this adventure, our Queen, was
quite happy to let me do this. My heart started to flutter with eager
anticipation as we approached the door to the bizarre dining establishment. I
was about to see the gorgeous transsexual, I was sure, and even though I had
been forbidden to suck penis on this day, I could still look forward to the
delightful pleasure of gazing on that creature's beautiful, beautiful penis.

I was, however, in for a disappointment. When cuntslut and I approached the
maitre `D' I found that it was a woman, and dressed reasonably normally too, at
least at first impression. When we were close to her I saw that it was only the
top half of her slender body that was clothed in black lycra. She was naked from
the waist down, and sported a cleanly shaven pussy which was heavily made up.
The woman's demeaner changed markedly when she read that we were slaves to the
Queen on our necklaces. She became almost deferential when asking us what our
pleasure was, and made the note that our meals would be on the house, in
deference to our royal owner.

Having got over my disappointment at not seeing the transsexual, I gave the
maitre `D' my instructions:

"Our Queen has decreed that we are to feast on pussy today, but are forbidden to
serve cock. We intend to visit the lesbian club that has opened down the street
after we have eaten. What we desire, is a meal that will tease us unmercifully
with the promise of pussy, but, despite any pleading, you are to ensure that we
never actually get any. We want our minds to be totally concentrated on a
yearning to suck on pussy, to the extent that we will go mad if we don't. Do you
think you will be able to meet these requirements, Mistress?" I asked with a
smile.

The beautiful woman thought for a while, then replied that she could certainly
arrange for an appropriate meal, in an atmosphere that would meet my criteria.
She led us to a waiting area, saying that it would take a quarter of an hour or
so to prepare what she refereed to as the Cunt Room for us. The woman then left
to make her arrangements. "You clever slut!" Cuntslut cried when we were alone.
"You'll have us craving pussy like nothing else exists!" "I know." I replied,
and added that, if this place was the same as when I last visited it then she
was about to find out just how acutely a slut's yearning could become if the
atmosphere and conditions were totally controlled.

Almost before we knew it, the maitre `D' returned, and beckoned to us to follow
her. We went into the interior of the building, down a long passageway until we
came to a door, or at least an opening in the wall, that defied description. The
portal was in the shape of a pussy, complete with long plump outer lips, floppy
glistening inner ones, an enormous girl prick depicted in a state of high
arousal, and was completed with a large opening which corresponded to the mouth
of a pussy hole. I shivered with strange excitement, and cuntslut shrieked in
exhilaration, only to be silenced by a frown of anger form the haughty woman.

"You will remain silent from now until your meal is over, slaves!" She
commanded. "Now, into the Cunt Room with you, quickly now. You will find your
seats inside quite easily, as there are only two. Put yourselves into them, and
I will be in shortly to prepare you for your meals." The woman then strode off
once again, and cuntslut looked at me with eager excitement. We nodded to each
other, and then dropped to our knees and crawled in through the pussy mouth.

Once inside the room we were further assailed by overpowering cunt like sights.
The interior of the room was fashioned like a pussy tube. Its walls were
circular, and constructed of pink flesh like materials which glistened in the
subdued light, just like the walls of a moist pussy pit. At the far end a huge
circular, heavily ridged hole pouted obscenely, just like a womb mouth. The
second thing to hit us was the aroma of the air in the bizarre room. It reeked
of ripe pussy so potent that it was almost overpowering. I began to shiver with
humiliation, and noted that the atmosphere was having a similar effect on the
delectable cuntslut, so much so that she had to stop herself from involuntarirly
giving voice to her burgeonning lust.

We slowly made our way to what must have been what the maitre `D' had refereed
to as seats, although they were unlike any seats I had ever seen. Each was set
into the wall, and were opposite each other, and about four feet apart. I sort
of backed into mine, which was designed to make me kneel, with my head propped
forward. By the time cuntslut had taken her place we were facing each other
across the tube like room. The woman returned, almost as soon as we had taken
our places. She quickly, and efficiently strapped us to our seats so securely
that when she was finished the only thing we could move was our heads. "Your
lunch will be served momentarily, sluts!" She announced, "And don't forget, you
are not to speak. You are to listen attentively while you are fed."

The maitre `D' then left the bizarre room. A few seconds later the womb mouth
opened wide, and a trolley constructed almost entirely of nude slave girls in
severe bondage was wheeled in. There were four slaves who made up the base of
the trolley. They were all naked and their bodies were bent double so that their
hairless cunt splits were their uppermost part, and gaped wide. Each had a sort
of clear plastic cup which sealed their fat outer lips and fed a plastic tube.
The other end of each of these tubes they were joined together, and a perfectly
crafted rubber cunt split, complete with girl prick was attached to the
resulting single tube. When the trolley was in place between cuntslut and I
these fake cunt splits were poised next to our mouths. It was then that I
realised, with a flush of sheer degradation, that cuntslut and I were to eat our
meal, and drink its attendant liquid refreshment, directly from live slave cunt
split.

To complete the erotic, and deliciously humiliating tableau, two further nude
slave girls were perched on top of their sisters. These two, one to cuntslut,
and one to me, thrust their smoothly depilated crotches out until their gorgeous
cunt splits were poised no more than an inch in front of our eyes. I stared at
the aroused cunt seeing that it glistened wetly with the juices of sexual
excitement. Its pretty little girl prick was almost completely unsheathed, and
was as stiff as steel. I sniffed wildly at it, and was rewarded with the
delightful aromas of a cunt at the height of arousal. The clever slave girl
caused her cunt meat to shimmy and convulse before my eyes over and over.

A sexy voice then began to speak to us, and was to continue to do so until we
had consumed our entire obscenely presented meal:

"Sweet sluts! I know that you would much rather be sucking for your sustenance,
direct from the cunt pits that hold it. But you are not to be granted this
pleasure. Oh no! This is not for you. You are not considered worthy of touching
even slave cunt meat with your ravenous lips and lewd tongues. You must suck for
your dinner from mere rubber cunt splits."

I began to suck hard at the slick, rubber cunt hole before me, and was soon
rewarded with a mouthful of chocolate mouse, richly spiced with raw cunt.
Sucking on the rubber girl prick flooded my mouth with sweet, cunt flavoured
cordial. I sucked at each for all I was worth indeed, wishing above all else
that it was real cunt I sucked at, not just fed from. Cuntslut, from what little
I could make out, was also going after her debauched offerings with gusto. All
through the meal the sexy voice kept teasing us with accentuated descriptions of
what we were missing, and how much the slaves wanted to feed us direct from
their succulent twat holes, but were denied that pleasure because we, of course,
were undeserving of such favour.

The voice regaled us with the succulence of the drooling cunt splits being waved
around so close to our eyes, and which fed our senses with their pungent aromas
of female sexual excitement. We drew our food and drink from the deep pits of
slave cunt, and ate it with relish, and with an ever growing feeling of craving
for our mouths to be able to worship at the real thing. The phsycological
pressure on us mounted and mounted until it was almost unbearable. I began to
long for a cunt to adore with my avid mouth with almost feral intensity, while
the sensuous voice continued to both tease and stimulate with electrifying
effect.

By the time I had exhausted the food and drink from my two cunt splits I was
ready to sell my soul for a taste of real live cunt, and I expect that the same
craving also assailed the lovely cuntslut, perhaps even more strongly because of
her relative inexperience. My heart almost broke when almost immediately after
we had completed our meals, totally emptying the cunt pits of the slaves serving
as our `plates', the human trolley was withdrawn back through the again dialated
womb mouth of the bizarre room. The voice then commanded us to leave the room as
the bonds that held us fell away. Cuntslut and I, still shaking with barely
contained pussy lust, crawled from the room.

The maitre `D' was waiting for us at the entrance to the room when we emerged.
Almost without thinking we both began to babble incoherently, begging the
beautiful woman for a taste of her succulent pussy, imploring her to allow us
the merest kiss of her luscious woman lips, telling her we would do anything she
desired, if only we were allowed to slip our adoring faces between her slender
thighs. The woman chuckled at our obscene pleas, judging that we were now,
indeed, worthy cunt adorers, and those who favoured us by permitting us to feast
on them would at least get their money's worth, so to speak. Never the less, she
did not allow us even a sniff of her own pussy, rather, she escorted us back to
the restaraunt entrance hall, and bid us good day.

Cuntslut and I found ourselves back on the street, and literally glowing with
lust. We headed back towards the lesbian club as fast as our ridiculously high
heeled shoes would allow us. Our enormous tits bounced wildly within the loose
confines of our tunics while we rushed headlong along the paved walkway. Passers
by looked at us with surprised amusement as we rushed by. It was obvious that we
were on a mission, although they could not know what that mission was. I
breathlessly reminded cuntslut that she was in charge, and that she had to
ensure that the fact that I had a cock, and not a cunt split, had to be kept
strictly secret once we were inside the club.

We went through the outer door to the club, to be greeted by a leather clad bull
dyke of a woman, well over six feet tall, and built like an amazon. She
inspected us, taking special note of the lust shining in our eyes, and the
pendants around our necks, while we stood with heads bowed submissively before
her. "Well, well!" She mused, "It looks like we have a couple of sluts who have
just visited a certain well known cunt room, don't we." We were too for gone to
even blush at this perceptive revelation. "And the personal sluts of our new
Queen at that. Well, I'm sure you'll be able to find someone to satisfy your
hunger inside, providing you display the appropriate level of submission and
deference. Now, before I let you in, little whores, I require a quick
demonstration of your royally trained servility!"

We both quickly fell to our knees before the mountainous woman. We each
reverently kissed the toe of one of her highly polished jack boots then, first
I, and then cuntslut, equally deferentially, kissed the centre of her leather
covered crotch. "Very good, harlots, you may enter the paradise of cunt!" She
announced, then opened the inner door allowing us to pass through. The interior
of the club consisted of just one large room with a long bar at one end, and a
stage for the conduct of exhibitions and entertainment at the other. All around
the room were seats of varying design, not to mention bondage racks, and free
standing shelves that housed myriads of dildos, chains, cuffs, and whips and
canes of all types.

As it happened, an exhibition was about to begin just as we entered. The room
was quite dimly lit because of this, the spotlight lighting up the stage
accentuating this even more. I could make put that a number of the seating areas
were occupied by women of all shapes and sizes, and in various states of dress,
or undress as the case may be. Cuntslut and I moved deeper into the room,
tentatively, despite our own maniacal yearning. I began to search around for a
couple of targets for us to work on, but found that the exhibition about to be
announced had taken everybodies interest. It appeared that we would have to wait
until it was over. This of course meant that it must be going to be something
special, to attract that much undivided attention. Besides, I thought, if it was
to be so rivetting, it would serve to raise our lusts even higher. Cuntslut had
obviously come to the same conclusion for she whispered in my ear that we should
find a place from which to watch. While we looked around, eventually finding a
love seat not too close to the stage, but also quite open to view from the other
areas of the club. It was perfect. While we settled in to this seat a
magnificent amazon of a woman began to anounce the exhibition, and we found out
just why it was attracting so much attention:

"Mistresses and friends. You will no doubt remember the whore acquired by
Mistress Power a few months ago. We were all mightily entertained by the hot
little bitch's very public humiliation, and surrender to her life as a sex
chattel at the time." There was a general buzz of agreement around the room,
tinged with a growing sense of excitement, prompting some patrons, who had been
otherwise engaged, to move their positions closer to the stage.

"Well, Mistress Power is now going to honour her pet bitch by allowing the
depraved whore, for the very first time, to experience a glorious pain cum, in
public. Apparently, the harlot slut has taken to punishment quite well, but has
never actually been permitted to cum under the whip as yet. Mistress Power
assures me that this has been her plan from the start, to bring the obscene
bitch on slowly, to build up her depraved craving for the whip to the point
where she will prove most entertaining when she is finally granted the supreme
gift. Well, that gift is to be bestowed today, for our exclusive entertainment.
I'll bet the sultry little bitch's tits are shaking with terror, despite her
knowledge that her most longed for experience is about to be fulfilled!" The
announcer continued, while the buzz of excitement around the audience grew to a
new level.

"To assist her in the adventure Mistress Power has enlisted the assistance of
her two young twin cousins whom we have met before, the two apprentice
Domatrixes, Divinia and Lavinia. I will now hand you over to these three for
what will, I'm sure, prove to be the most exciting exhibition we have witnessed
for some time." The announcer concluded then swept from the stage. I glanced
around, and was surprised to see that almost every seat in the house was now
occupied. News of the coming exhibition must have spread quite quickly, and the
potential quality of the performance well recognised. Cuntslut was so aroused by
the prospect of witnessing such an event for the first time, her excitement was
almost palpable, and it was all she could do not to disgrace herself by
beginning to play with her own cunt split. Instead she grasped both my hands in
hers and squeezed them rhythmically. This, of course, afforded me the
opportunity to ensure that her intense arousal didn't get the better of her.

A hush fell over the room when the stage lights again slowly came up, having
dimmed once the announcer had completed her introduction. Into the light strode
three women. At the centre of the trio was the one who must have been Mistress
Power. The amazon was well over six feet tall in her extremely high heeled,
thigh high, leather boots. The woman was voluptuously built in the extreme. A
laced up patent leather vest struggled to contain a pair of massive breasts
which threatened to explode from the constricting garment with each step the
awesome woman took. She wore armpit length gloves, and a short leather skirt
which failed, by a few inches, to hide the suspenders that held up her smoky
black hose and revealed her voluptuous thighs. Her blonde hair was tied back in
a pony tail, and her lovely face was tastefully made up.

Her two companions were smaller, but no less beautiful and exquisitely dominant,
versions of herself. They were obviously eager pupils of the Mistress and were
similarly erotically clad. Between them shuffled the slave, naked except for the
bondage items the girl already wore. Her arms were captured behind her back in a
leather binder that had them strapped together and bent in such a way as they
formed two inverted Ls behind her back. The binding of her arms caused the slave
girl's big soft tits to be thrust forward along with her torso. The tits were
large and floppy and completely white skinned. No sunbathing nude for this
slave. The teats capping the lovely mounds had been savagely clamped around
their bases with shiny metal clamps equipped with hooks. These clamps caused the
teats themselves to swell mightily, and to take on a deep red hue. I could not
tell if the slave was a raving beauty, or not, because the top half her face was
covered by a half discipline helmet of shiny rubber which obviously rendered her
sightless and, I presumed, deaf. Only her mouth and lower jaw were left bare by
the tight helmet.

When I got to see the slave's groin I noted that her sex was plucked clean of
hair. The thick outer lips of her cunt split were held together by a small
padlock whose locking arm actually pierced them half way along their lengths.
The slave appeared to be quite small in stature, her head only coming up to the
level of the two smaller Domatrixes crotches even though she was up on her knees
while she shuffled along. She was, never the less, obviously a girl of
considerable sensual beauty. The four women, three domatrixes and one slave,
came to a halt in the centre of the stage, and all faced out towards the
audience. Then Mistress Power addressed the gathering:

"Good afternoon ladies, and sluts." She cried in a powerful voice. "I'm so glad
that you could come to witness the breaking of my bitch whore. I'm sure if the
harlot could see you her eyes would be radiating her adoration of each and every
one of you. I have now been training the bitch to become a pain whore for almost
six months. In that time she has never, even once, been permitted to climax,
either by conventional means, or through the agency of punishment. I can assure
you, however, her mouth, and particularly her tongue, has been trained to give
pleasure to her superiors over that time, and at the end of our little
celebration I will allow you to sample that expertise, if it is your desire to
do so." The amazon announced, raising even further, the level of sheer sexual
tension permeating the now almost eerily quiet room. Sure that she now had
everyone's attention, the imperious domatrix continued:

"Now, friends, To bring you up to date with the progress of the bitch. Some of
you might remember when I first acquired her slave carcass, some six months ago,
she was privileged to be permitted to publicly announce her submission to my
will, and to surrender her body and soul to my every whim. Well, those are the
last words she has ever uttered! Since that moment the bitch has been forbidden
to speak, even a single word. The only sounds to have escaped from her mouth
have been the sounds of sucking, when I have permitted her to feast on pussy,
either mine, or someone elses, and, of course, her squeals and howls of pain and
suffering when I have honoured her by punishing her slave carcass. I have to
tell you, however, that she has now been trained to control even her squealing
and, to her credit, she has proved to be quite capable in this respect. At a
signal I give her with my whip, by touching her lips with it to signal silence,
or not to allow noise, before her punishment begins, tells her if I wish to hear
evidence of her suffering, or if I don't wish to be bothered by the squawking of
a slave in agony. She manages, these days, to obey the signals explicitly,
except in some of the more extreme cases, where a slight whimper might escape
from her lips, even though she has been signalled to remain silent. In keeping
with my well known benevolence, I forgive her these small errors in discipline,
and only double her punishment as a result!" The cruel domatrix explained, then
continued with her frightening discourse. The fact that the kneeling slave
showed absolutely no signs of understanding what was being said only reinforced
my impression that her discipline helmet had to be cutting off her hearing. I
could only imagine what it must feel like to sense that you were in such
humiliating circumstances, yet have no idea of what was actually happening.

"Today, however, the bitch will be permitted to express herself, if she
remembers how to speak after all this time, as much for your entertainment as
for her own benefit. You see, I have, over the past six months brought her along
slowly. The punishment sessions she has been subjected to have always been
designed to attune her slavish mind to the unalterable fact that pain and sexual
relief, for her, are indistinguishable sensations. That is to say that her
masochistic brain now equates sex with pain, and neither sensation can exist in
isolation from the other. If the bitch is not suffering, she can no longer
experience sexual sensations. You could have her slattern gash sucked by the
most talented cunt lapper in the world non stop for hours on end and the bitch
would show no reaction to it what so ever, but if the cunt lapper was to
savagely chew and bite at the bitch's cunt meat, then her cooze would begin to
gush like a fountain, and her whorish slut prick would soon stiffen and throb
with arousal." This revelation had the attentive audience gasping in wonder at
how a slave could be so bizarrely trained.

"As I alluded to earlier, the bitch has not been permitted to actually climax
since her training began. I have whipped her to a sexual frenzy continually, but
have never allowed the whore to go over the edge. Even I don't know how the
bitch will react when I do send her over that edge, but I suspect that the event
will be cataclysmic, and certainly highly entertaining. It is for this reason I
have permitted the bitch to express herself during this celebration of her
sexual fulfilment. I have brought my cousins along to assist me, and to make
this exhibition as exciting for you, my dear friends, as I'm sure it's going to
be for the bitch. Before I give you a brief run down on how the exhibition is to
be staged let me fill you in on a couple of other aspects to the bitch's coming
out. You will notice that she wears a half discipline helmet. This serves to
completely cut off her sight, she has no need to see those who her performance
is to entertain, and her sense of hearing, she has no need to hear what is going
on about her. Her role is solely to entertain, and experience the joy of pain
and suffering. She may know who is attending to her masochistic needs, but it is
not important, it could be any of you punishing her and it would be of no
consequence to her. The only thing she craves is the actual punishment. Her
mouth has, of course, been left free so that she can express herself to add to
your entertainment." The cruel domatrix explained to her rapt listeners.

"Lavinia and Divinia will serve to warm the bitch up, in readiness for the main
event. When the bitch's juices are flowing, and her craving reaches an
appropriate intensity, she has been instructed to beg for her fulfilment, from
the depths of her masochistic soul. When I deem that her pleas sufficiently
servile and obsequious, I will take over, and she will be sent to that paradise
that I have promised her. She has been instructed to voice her joy at being
permitted to ascend to this ultimate plane throughout the entire build up and
especially when she has been finally driven to masochistic utopia, and her cooze
explodes in climax. Now, darlings," The sadistic domatrix instructed her two
apprentices, "Prepare the obscene bitch, if you please!"

The buzz of excitement among the watchers grew as soon as the domatrix had
completed her dreadful speech, and continued all the time that the two smaller
dominas spent in preparing the slave for her imminent ordeal. While they worked
little cuntslut hugged me close and whispered excitedly in my ear, "Oh, darling
cockslut, isn't it exciting! Oh, how I wish I was that slave! I've never had my
cunt split punished to the point of orgasm, let alone actually cum by that
horrifying means alone! I wonder how it must feel! Do you think, if I begged her
profusely, that our Majesty might grant me such a favour, darling cockslut! Do
you? Do you?" I smiled at the adorable masochist's obvious delight, tempered by
the inherent terror that she obviously felt, and thrilled to, and answered that
she would have to ask to find out, adding that our Queen would surely grant her
such a wish.

While cuntslut and I continued to whisper to each other we watched as the
slave's lovely body was prepared for her terrifying ordeal. He ankles were
quickly cuffed, then two solid poles descended from the ceiling. When these
arrived at a height where the domatrixes could easily reach them they deftly
attached the slave's cuffed ankles, one to each pole. Once this was done the two
poles were retracted back upwards until the slave's nudity had been lifted from
the stage and she was suspended by her ankles, upside down. Then the poles were
slowly separated, drawing the hanging slave's legs wide apart. The poles
separated until the poor slut's legs were so widely spread that the tendons in
her thighs stood out, visibley, and were drawn as taut as drums.

The two cute little domatrixes then took two chains that lay on the floor of the
stage and hooked their ends into the eyelets welded into the metal of the
slave's teat clamps. As soon as this was done the chains were tightened savagely
drawing the plump mounds of the slave's tits out from her body, and off to
either side. When the chains stopped moving the slave's tits were stretched out
on either side of her torso to an unbelievable extent. The soft underbellies of
the udders were completely exposed and pointed upwards. These chains also served
to anchore her suspended nudity, restricting its movement almost entirely.

The two smaller domatrixes then moved to the rear of the stage, and out of the
light for a few seconds. When they returned each held a five foot long, flexible
strap. The straps were two inches wide, and the last ten inches, at their
business ends, seemed to be weirdly serated, on closer inspection, I saw that
they had series of small bumps in their surfaces, embedded metal balls, no
doubt. Each domatrix raised her strap, and snapped it loudly, for the benefit of
the watchers. I shuddered with terror, imagining the pain these brutal weapons
would be capable of inflicting.

While the two apprentice dominators were retrieving their weapons, their
Mistress unlocked, and removed the padlock from her slut's cunt lips. I was
astonished to see that, when the fat flaps flew apart because of the cruel
spread of the slave's legs, her interior cunt meat was totally dry. Not a bead
of cunt juice was in evidence, and the long, thick bulge of her girl spike was
still entirely enveloped in its wrinkled sheath. I could not believe that a
girl, presented in such obscene fashion, could control her arousal so
completely, or was it that she was not at all aroused. I could not believe that
the latter could be true. It was not possible.

"Begin, my darlings!" The cruel Domatrix ordered. "And don't disappoint our
audience, or, indeed, the bitch herself, by showing any mercy. Remember, she is
not permitted to plead for her release until she has been well warmed up, and
her masochistic juices are flowing!" She concluded with a smile of sadistic
elation. The two smaller dominants also smiled sadistically while taking up
their positions, one on either side of the grotesquely suspended slave.

Each raised her cruel strap high, and brought it flashing down until its
barbaric metal encrusted end smashed audibly into the stretched out flesh of the
slave girl's captive tits. The two domatrixes wasted no time in repeating their
cruelty, and soon their lashes were pounding the slave's suffering tits in a
constant tattoo of leather striking pliant flesh. I gazed in wonder at the
horrifying spectacle. The slave uttered not a single sound while her udders were
subjected to the continual cruelty. The only evidence that she was feeling any
thing at all was a slight increase in the rise and fall of her breathing, and a
slight parting of her full lips as she drew each breath. Then the tip of her
pink tongue began to slip from her mouth to wet her lips, and her breathing
became a little more tortured.

"Come on, Divinia, Lavinia!" The Mistress called out, "Put your backs into it!
Thrash the bitch's tits with all your might! What you've done so far has hardly
affected her at all. I can't punish a cunt that doesn't want it! That doesn't
need it! That doesn't crave it! Come on, batter the bitch's tits until her maw
gapes in shock, and her tiny brain thrills with her agony!"

The two whipping domatrixes tried to meet their Mistress' insane demands, and
inceased the ferocity with which they whipped the slave. Soon the sounds of
leather meeting flesh were being challenged in pitch by the grunts of effort
emanating from the domatrixes. The flesh of the slave's suffering udders had
gone from pink, to deep red, to bluish black the more punishment the tender
mounds were forced to absorb. By this time the slave's mouth was gaping wide,
and her sweating torso was heaving wildly with her gasps of anguish.

But it was the efect at her crotch which astaounded me most. I watched as the
horrifically splayed open cunt split altered in physical state, as if by magic.
The girl prick ridge began to flex, slowly at first, but then with increasing
velocity, and the head of the little stalk began to peep out from its protective
sheath. The light blazing down onto the stage soon began to be reflected from
the droplets of twat juice that were starting to appear all over the meat of the
gaping swamp. After a few more minutes of savage tit whipping a small trickle of
cunt cream began to trickle down the slave's now visibly trembling belly, and
more and more of her stiffening girl prick stalk emerged from the sheath, until
fully a half an inch of it was bare.

The suffering slave then, eerily, began to speak in a voice that was half
squeal, half whimper, but all wanton lust:

"Most adored, most fabulous, most stupendous, Mistress Power, owner of this
whore carcass, possessor of this bitch's slut mind, proprietor of this pain
adoring harlot's mindlessly masochistic soul. Your adoring, worshipping, loving
bitch in heat loves you with every beat of her bursting heart, adores you with
every instant of her rapturous consiousness, worships you with every fibre of
her slave soul. Your adoring, worshipping harlot, slut, whore, bitch can not
adequately express the depth of gratitude she owes you for reducing her to the
pain adoring, agony cherishing, suffering worshipping bitch that she is now, and
will for ever remain! Please! Please! Cherished Mistress, your bitch begs you,
implores you, beseechs you to grant her the ultimate agony. Please! Please!
Worshipped Mistress mercilessly punish your bitch's drooling cunt split!
Ruthlessly flog your whore's lewd twat gash! Pitilessly scourge your depraved
harlot's wanton cooze crack! Punish it with all your fabulous might until it
explodes in its undying gratitude to you for honouring it with wondrous
suffering! Your bitch begs you! Your whore implores you! Your harlot pleads to
you! Your slut beseeches you!"

The hanging slave drew a gasping breath in readiness to squeal out her
horrifying entreaties over again, but sadistic domatrix halted her by placing
the end of the terrifying whip she had armed herself with against the slave's
lips:

"I grant you this wish, bitch!" The brutal woman almost roared. "Prepare to
suffer as you have never suffered before! Prepare to have your slattern cooze
shed its perverse cream in rivers! Brace yourself to descend into the depths of
fabulous agony! Ready yourself to ascend to the heights of exquisite rapture!"
The domatrix continued. Her awful exclamations causing the slave's belly to
ripple with anticipation of the torture she was about to endure. I could only
guess what must have been going through the masochist's mind at the time. Her
nerves must have been drawn taut with her anticipation of her coming ecstasy. I
found myself experiencing an awesome sense of envy, remembering that I too had
once possessed a cunt split, and that it had never been treated to such a
horrifyingly exquisite ordeal.
The powerful Mistress grew silent, and moved until she stood before her captive
slave, immediately in front of her splayed open crotch, and about four feet from
it. Without any further ado, she swung the barbarous whip up, and brought it
crashing down into the soft tender meat of her slave's spread cunt split. A
squeal of pure shock, and electrifying agony was involuntarily ripped from the
slave's gaping mouth as the pain flooded through her hanging nudity. The squeal
was short lived, however, for the suffering slave's voice soon cried out again:

"Oh Thank you, adored Mistress!" The slave howled in agony. "Your perverted
whore's ravaged gash throbs with the divine agony you have granted it. Please!
Please! Please! Adored Mistress, Your suffering bitch pleads with all her
servile heart. Smash her drooling twat chasm again! Only harder! Only harder!"

The cruel Mistress laughed out loud at her snivelling slave's pitiful entreaty,
and a cruel glint flashed in her merciless eyes as she again raised that
terrible whip high. "And so it shall be!" She cried out while bringing the awful
weapon down with terrifying force. When it again smashed into the defenceless
meat of the slave's swollen cunt split the slave reacted with a sorrowful wail,
and yet, still managed to exhort her cruel domatrix to whip her again and again,
but with ever more ferocious might. Little cuntslut snuggled up to me,
whispering all the time at how the poor slave must be suffering. The lewd slut
giggled that her own cunt split was drooling in sympathy with the abused whore
on the stage.

The brutal cunt whipping went on and on. The suffering slave howled and wailed
out her agony in ever more incoherent fashion. Never the less, the abused slave
girl continued to implore her cruel and merciless Mistress to thrash her burning
cunt harder and harder, and the juices of her arousal began to flow in ever more
abundance. The flesh of her sex grew more and more swollen and bruised beyond
imagination, and her rock hard girl prick seemed to flex and strain towards the
descending whip with each brutal stroke delivered, as if it could not wait to
endure its next appointment with pain and suffering. The slave girl's belly was
vibrating visibly, and her tautly stretched out thighs flexed wildly in sympathy
with her peaking rapture with each heartlessly delivered stroke.

"Oh, I wish I was her!" Cuntslut whispered in awe. "Aren't you jealous,
cockslut! Don't you wish you were her too! Her pain and suffering must be
fabulous!" She articulated in her excitement and envy. I could only agree with
her assessment. The slave must surely be approaching paradise in her anguish,
and I indeed, suffered a sense of envy that was almost painful in its intensity.
My severely restricted, and coiled up cock stalk writhed in its constricting
bonds in a vain endeavour to stiffen at the exciting spectacle. It could not do
so, of course, and this only added to my jealous frustration. The climax of the
exhibition was obviously approaching, as evidenced by the disjointed babblings
of the slave, who now hovered on the very prink of masochistic nirvana.

"Thrash cooze harder! More! More! Flog twat gash harshly! Punish whore cunt
split mercilessly!" The anguished slave howled. "Punish more! Punish! Punish!
Punish!" She jabbered incoherently. The pitiless Mistress, sweat now dripping
from her features, strove to satisfy the pitiful wailing of her suffering bitch
with all her considerable strength. The slave's belly began to jerk wildly, and
her ravaged cunt split seemed to splay open even wider than her cruel bondage
had caused it to. It was as if it was blooming in its divine agony. All of a
sudden her girl prick began to flex, retract, and re-emerge in long strokes, and
she began to orgasm with an intensity that defied description. I stated at the
climaxing slave in absolute awe.

"I'm coming! I'm coming! I'm coming!" Were the only words the orgasming slave
was able to articulate while her brutally abused cunt split gushed with such
force that it resembled an erupting volcano. I watched the ravaged slave climax
with wonder. I had never seen a cunt explode with such force ever. The rich,
spicy juices seemed to actually squirt from the spasming meat. The swollen girl
prick continued to jerk and pulsate as though it had a mind of its own. The
slave squealed and shrieked in untold ecstasy, totally out of control. Her cruel
Mistress roared out her pride at the performance of her horrifically defiled
bitch. She continued to whip the slave's gushing cunt split, albeit with less
force than before, and with less pace. Each stroke caused a fresh outpouring of
cunt cream to spurt from the writhing gash.

Eventually the cruel domatrix ceased to punish her slave's flooded cunt split,
and the slave slowly came down from her incredible masochistic high. Her
violated twat crevasse continued to writhe helplessly, and a river of pungent
woman cum flowed from its swollen bruised meat, down the slave's trembling
belly, and even wetted the undersides of her whip welted tits. The girl mewled
out her gratitude to her cruel Mistress in tones of servile adoration long after
her ordeal was over. The Mistress silenced her slut by applying the tip of the
whip she had used to the bitch's lips, obviously a signal for the sated slave to
be silent.

The Mistress, after the thunderous applause of the audience had finally died
down, signalled to her assistants to re-arrange the slave's body. She then
announced to the viewers, "The bitch is so hot now, even though her cooze has
exploded so violently, that she will be magnificent in her worshipping service.
I am having her placed in a posture that will allow her to serve any of you who
wish to sample her lewd talents. The bitch will suck whatever is brought into
range of her mouth. Slaves will be permitted to feast on her well whipped cunt
split, to taste the evidence of the whore's first orgasm in six months.
Mistresses who desire it may amuse themselves by whipping the bitch's cunt gash.
I would like the hot slut to come again and again today, in celebration of her
submission."

With her announcements complete, coinciding with the completion of the task she
had appointed to her cousins, the three domatrixes left the stage to a renewed
round of enthusiastic applause. They left the slave, still trembling in the
aftermath of her ordeal, bound and presented for `service'. A low slung vaulting
horse had been slipped under her, at the small of her back, and her nudity
stretched out, taut as a bow sting. Her legs were still widely spread allowing
her ravaged, drool dripping twat gash to be presented in totally defenceless
vulnerability. A small, but never the less quite cruel looking tit whip with
many strands was placed between the slave's thrusting tits, and an equally cruel
one, although not as brutal as the one used by her sadistic owner, was placed on
her tautly stretched belly. To complete the preparations a bizarre shaped
`toilet' seat was manoeuvred over the slave's hanging head so that her still
half covered head hung a foot or so below it.

"I'm going to suck on that poor slave's cunt split before we leave, cockslut!"
Cuntslut whispered to me with her voice still quivering with excitement
following the awful spectacle we had just witnessed. "Even if her Mistress
denies her pleasure peaks from tongue on her twat I'll still make her gash sing
with pleasure!" She added with a little chortle.

Just as cuntslut had finished her little conversation our view of the stage was
suddenly cut off. Two tall muscular women of mulatto background stood in front
of us. Each was dressed identically, in short leather tunics that consisted of
skin tight vests that barely contained their thrusting, sizeable breasts, and
short loin cloths that covered their crotches, and hung down to about mid thigh.
Both were obviously dominants, and most likely sisters from the obvious
similarities in their handsome, rather than beautiful features.

"Well, what do we have here." One of the women said to the other. "As pretty a
pair of cunt lappers as you would ever see!" Her companion rejoined with a
laugh, "And the property of our new Queen." One of them noted, reading the
inscriptions on our necklaces. "That should ensure that the are well trained at
least." The other one concluded, then addressed us directly for the first time,
"That display has made us mightily horny, little sluts, and it looks like we'll
have to wait some time to use the whore on the stage from the line up that has
already formed to sample her talents!" She said smiling down at cuntslut and I,
who hadn't moved a muscle since the arrival of the domatrixes. My heart had
already begun to pound with lust and trepidation, lust because I could already
make out the unmistakable aroma of aroused pussy emanating from behind the
woman's leather loin cloth, and trepidation because this was the time that my
sex might be most easily exposed and the Queen's property or not, I did not look
forward to what might happen to me in this haven for lesbians if it was
discovered that I sported a forbidden prick in my fork.

Both women then swept aside their loin cloths, and cuntslut and I stared in
excited lust at the pussies they allowed us to gaze upon. The one I stared at,
with my mouth already watering with longing, was shaved clean of any hair, and
was thick lipped and plump, with protruding inner lips that glistened with pussy
cream, and a prominent clitoral ridge that showed the obvious evidence of
arousal with its woman cock tip peeping alluringly from its sheath of moist
wrinkled skin. The one presented to cuntslut was covered with a veritable forest
of black crinkly hair, and its aroma was more powerful than that exuding from
the one before me. I could feel the excitement in the cute little cuntslut from
the trembling of her body while she gazed at the hairy grotto a few inches from
her eyes.

"Would you like to suck on this, slut?" The woman cried. "I'll just bet you
would!" She added, answering her own question. Both cuntslut and I were on our
knees before the domatrixes in a flash, cuntslut speaking for both of us when
she gasped out in her extreme excitement, and lust, "Oh yes, divine Mistresses!
We would be honoured to worship the sacred pussies you have allowed us to see!"
"Well, strip sluts! We don't allow clothed sluts to even see our hallowed
pussies, normally, let alone adore them with their slavish tongues!"

Little cuntslut squealed out, with anguish clearly evident in her wavering
voice, "Please, adored Mistress, our Queen has forbidden us to bare our cunt
gashes to anyone today, and we can not disobey Her! Please sweet Mistress!
Please! Allow us to pleasure you anyhow! We promise to give you pleasure such as
you have never before experienced! Please Mistress! Please Mistress! Let us! We
implore you!" The slave girl blurted out with all the necessary pleading of a
child after a sweet. The Mistress didn't look as though cuntslut's pleading had
had any effect and, I was sure, was just about to dash our hopes when cuntslut
again began to plead:

"Please sweet Mistresses, our Queen has not forbidden us to bare out fat tits
for you pleasure! Please adored Mistress! Allow us to bare our tits before you
make up your mind!" She pleaded with every ounce of submissive ardour she could
summon. The two domatrixes eyed each other for a few seconds, then the hairy
pussied one replied to cuntslut's entreaty, engendering a fresh surge of hope in
us. "Ok, little sluts. Let's see your tits, and then we'll see!"

Both cuntslut and I immediately raised our hands and flicked open the catches
that were keeping the tops of our tunics in place. The filmy material
immediately fell away from our torsos, and our enormous, stiff teated tits were
bared for the women to inspect. As soon as our tits were revealed our hands
moved to clasp together behind our heads to signify our submission, and we both,
I'm sure, prepared to roll our shoulders so as to shake our tits erotically for
the entertainment of the domatrixes. We did not reckon on what was to happen
next however, but as soon as it did I knew the purpose of the bizarre halters we
wore.

The two cups that supported the undersides of our massive tits began to move of
their own volition. They moved up and down, anchored on the fulcrum between our
huge mounds, and were soon bouncing our creamy tits up and down in a most
demeaning, and excitingly erotic fashion. My face flushed with shame at this,
and my hands grasped the back of my head tightly, in servile passion while the
bizarre cups bounced my tits about with ever increasing vigour. What a sight we
must have made, kneeling submissively before the pair of domatrixes in
classically submissive poses while our colossal tits were bounced about in the
most erotic manner imaginable, without any apparent effort on our part.

While we flushed with our sensual humiliation the effect on the two domatrixes
was clearly in our favour. They gazed down at us with broad smiles on their
faces, obviously delighted by the humiliation we were being subjected to. "What
a delightful sight!" One said to the other. "I'm not sure that we can't make an
exception with these two, especially as they are the Queen's sluts." The more
reluctant one seemed to waver in her resolve too, "I suppose you're right." She
said to her companion, "But I'm not sure yet. Let's go over to a suck chair, and
I'll decide on the way if I think these sluts are servile and obscene enough for
me to relax my normally stringent standards!"

With that the two turned on their heels away from our kneeling bodies. My sight
was greeted by a pair of coffee coloured bottom cheeks, large and smooth, and
completely bare. Cuntslut was obviously granted a similar sexy sight and I took
a second to glance over at her. The little slut's eyes were wide with wonder,
both at the sensation of her wildly bouncing tits, and the pair of smooth bottom
cheeks before her eyes. I winked at her slyly, then thrust my head forward, and
insinuated my face into the warm crevasse between those voluptuous cheeks. Just
before my sight was cut off by the flesh of female bottom I saw that cuntslut
had taken her cue from me and was emulating my deliciously degrading act.

My long tongue slowly emerged from my mouth as soon as my face was wedged as far
into that warm moist fleshy chasm as was possible. The woman slowly began to
move at this time, and I shuffled along behind her as best I could while
ensuring that my face did not escape the delicious captivity I had so joyously
placed it in. By the time we had moved a few feet my wriggling tongue had
already managed to insinuate itself deeply into the woman's arse chasm, and was
actually tickling the hot, pungent ring of her intimate rear hole. After a few
more seconds, when I happily lapped at the spicy orifice, I was able to drive
its tip into the hole itself. By the time the woman actually stopped moving I
had well over an inch of my tongue buried in her rectal chute and was using it
to give her pleasure.

"This lewd whore has her tongue slurping away in my arse pit! What a beautifully
obscene bitch she is!" The woman I served gasped to her companion. "I'm not
going to deny myself the pleasure of seeing what the harlot can do with a pussy
with that tongue!" she continued, leaving the other domatrix in no doubt that
she was going to allow me to worship her pussy regardless of the fact that I
might be clothed while I did so. At this statement I flushed with pleasure, but
wondered what cuntslut would do, for I knew that she would have had no way of
doing what I was capable of with her much shorter tongue.

"Well, my little whore hasn't managed to repeat her partner's efforts, although
not through want of trying!" The other woman said as they both stepped away from
us, and allowed me to see that we had arrived at a brace of seats obviously
designed for dominators to receive the oral worship of their slaves. The seats
were constructed of stainless steel and soft black leather and were similar to
those used in doctors' surgeries for the examination of female sex organs. My
domatrix had already mounted hers by the time I had taken in the design of the
seats, and her thighs were spread wide, baring her moist pussy fully.

The other woman was not so sure. She was still insisting, much to cuntslut's
chagrin, that she was not about to allow a slave whose cunt split she had not
seen to suck on her hairy pussy. I could sense that cuntslut's resolve was
beginning to waver, and I knew that the little harlot, so hot for the pussy so
close to her yearning mouth, was going to reveal her twat to the domatrix. This
was Ok by me, so long as it didn't mean that I was to be made to do the same.
Just as my domatrix reached out to pull my head into her crotch I saw cuntslut
reach down and reverse her short skirt, thus baring her moist cunt split to the
Mistress.

"That's better, slut!" The woman retorted. "And such a pretty cunt gash it is
too. I can't imagine why the Queen forbad you to display it. That's right,
little whore. Flaunt it for me for a while, then I'll let you feast on my sacred
pussy." I didn't quite hear cuntslut's reply because, by now, my hearing had
been slightly impaired by the fact that my Mistress' thighs were clasping my
head, and pressing my face up against the pussy I was now avidly serving. My
tongue spilt the plump, smooth pussy lips, and my senses were inundated with the
ripe aromas, and the spicy, rich flavours of highly aroused female sexuality.

I slurped wildly at the domatrix's flowing font, and basked in the special
happiness I experienced when serving dominant sex. I teased the stiff little
stalk of the woman's woman cock with delicate sensuality, and was immediately
rewarded by having my head given an especially hard squeeze by her full thighs.
After a few moments I decided to show this dominant just how unique my tongue
was. She was not going to forget me in a hurry, I decided. I ploughed my tongue
down and allowed its tip to lave at the mouth to her dripping pussy pit, then
slowly began to plunge it into that velvety cave. I relentlessly, but
exquisitely slowly, and with erotic wriggling, drove my tongue into the elastic
walled sex sleave, until its tip was tongue whipping the entrance to her baby
cave.

The effect on the domatrix was electric. She had obviously never had a tongue
reach so far into her pussy pit before. Despite the muting effect of her thighs
on my hearing I could not mistake the shrieks of pleasure, and of wonder, that
emanated from her mouth while she was subjected to the exceptional skills of my
immaculately trained tongue. I gave the domatrix's pussy pit one of the most
thorough, and erotic tongue baths that I could give, and soon her whole body was
shaking in ecstasy. While my tongue pleasured her depths I was sure to use my
nose to nudge and buffet the rigid stalk of her woman prick.

A few minutes of this sensuous torment was all the woman could bear, and her
pussy exploded in climax, bathing my face in a flood of her succulent sex cream.
I kept up my erotic work relentlessly, determined to bring the domatrix off over
and over. I alternated between tongue massaging the depths of her continually
spasming pussy pit, and tongue whipping her spasming woman cock. I brought her
off using both methods over and over. It was I who was in charge at this time.
The domatrix was a prisoner of the pleasure I wrenched from her over heated sex,
an addict to my skilled tongue. She could not have stopped me, even had she so
desired, such was the narcotic effect of my supreme talent.

Eventually, of course, I exhausted the domatrix's pussy, her woman cock
softened, and her hole became relaxed and slack, and had no more juice to
surrender. Her thighs released their grip on my head and merely flopped open. I
sucked every last drop of the cream from her sex, and then merely rested my face
on the warm, moist, totally sated sex and awaited her pleasure. The woman's
breath came in huge gasps while she fought to recover from the erotic mill I had
put her through. Her hand tenderly petted my damp hair, and she was lavish in
her praise of my efforts, and of my Queen for having trained such a perfect
slut.

Meantime, cuntslut was still working diligently between the thighs of the
Mistress she served. Out of the corner of my eye I could see that she had had a
similar effect on that domatrix. Cuntslut's tongue had not been modified as mine
had, so it did not possess the capacity for deep penetration that mine had, but
her tongue is exquisitely soft, and immaculately trained in imparting divinely
erotic sensations, especially on woman cock, as I had experienced on countless
occasions when I had possessed a girl prick while in the realm. It was obvious
she had been practicing her art on the woman cock of her domatrix and, like me,
she had almost exhausted that woman's capacity to absorb sexual pleasure.

Cuntslut's head was finally thrust away by the satiated domatrix who then spoke
to her companion, "I was going to have myself sucked off by the bitch on the
stage, but this little whore has drained me dry. If I had the energy I'd punish
the wilful slut for not anticipating my desires." Her sister dominant replied,
in and equally exhausted voice. "Me too, darling, but I wouldn't have missed the
attentions of the slut who sucked me dry for the world. Let's go home for a nap.
I'm sure the bitch will still be on the stage later on in the evening. We can
come back when we've recuperated and then try her out, although I think these
slaves of the Queen might have spoiled us for a time. I can't imagine a slave
with greater split sucking expertise that this whore has!"

I basked in the high praise of the Mistress while they both rose from their
seats, and their loin cloths were allowed to flop back into place, hiding their
sated pussies. Without even acknowledging us, the two domatrixes wandered off
towards the door of the club. Cuntslut looked over to me with a grin splitting
her pussy juice soaked face, and a gleam of lust radiating from her lovely eyes.
"That Mistress had the ripest pussy I had ever worshipped, cockslut. I thought
she would drown me with her divine juices. I cant remember ever having had so
mush elixir fed to me. How was yours?"

I told her that I too, had enjoyed the Mistress I had served. While we chatted
cuntslut kept glancing over at the stage area. I was re-engaged in fixing my
tunic top so that my massive tits would be again covered, if covered was what it
could be described as, while we talked, but cuntslut still remained in her
almost nude state. "I'm going to suck up that poor slave's cunt juices as soon
as the Mistress has finished whipping her!" Cuntslut declared emphatically, and
began to crawl off towards the stage.

I completed fastening my tunic and then turned my attention to the stage as
well. I could see why cuntslut was so impatient to get there immediately, for
another slave, with obviously similar intentions, was also trying to get to the
stage, although this one was being somewhat hampered by the fact that she was
held by her owner's leash which was attached to her slave collar. Needless to
say, little cuntslut got there first, and contented herself with sensually
licking at the bare bottom cheeks of the domatrix who was cruelly whipping the
tied down slave. The punisher looked down at cuntslut, and smiled mockingly at
her eager submission. She realised what the little slave girl desired, and was,
of coures, only too happy to grant her her wish when she saw the Queen's
ownership pendant hanging around her neck.

I was certainly going to have to do something about this continual, almost
submissive, deference by dominants and slaves alike to cuntslut and I. We were
being held in a privileged position not appropriate for sluts and slaves such as
we were, and I was sure my adored Queen would be horrified to discover that we
were being treated as if we were royalty ourselves. She would certainly do
something about the state of affairs when informed of them, I was sure.

The domatrix whose shapely bottom cuntslut was so devotedly worshipping was
whipping the defenceless twat gash of the strapped down slave with a long
flexible strap. She thrashed the convulsing sex with all her might, and I could
see that its juices were beginning to flow profusely, in prelude to climactic
explosion. At the other end of the slave's bondage rack another dominant
occupied the special seat in place there, and the slave's semi leather covered
head was buried between that woman's bottom cheeks, and, from the way the
slave's throat was working it was obvious that she was working diligently for
the domatrix's pleasure.

Suddenly the hot bitch's cunt split seemed to erupt like a geyser as another
pain climax exploded from her cruelly punished sex. The domatrix who had caused
the explosion ceased her flogging of the spewing gash to watch it spray its lust
cream, while the slave's belly convulsed wildly, and her tautly stretched thigh
muscles contracted over and over with the intensity of her ecstasy. As soon as
the eruption began to die down the domatrix reached down and grasped cuntslut by
her long hair, and drew her head up towards the tied down slut's splayed open
crotch. Cuntslut's mouth gaped wide as it approached the flooded cunt split, and
I could see that the delightful little harlot was filled with pleasure at the
prospect of feeding her yearning belly on that spicy issue.

I was not wrong. Soon cuntslut was feasting on raw female sexuality like a
starving waif. Her tongue lapped at the drooling meat with eager lust, scooping
vast quantities of the thick creamy juice into her avid mouth, and swallowing it
down in mighty gulps. She kept up her feast until she had sucked every drop from
the sated cunt split, and then teased the soft girl prick of the pain slave with
her ever eager, and skilled tongue. Despite the slave's immaculate masochistic
tendencies cuntslut's extraordinary talents actually caused that stalk of female
sexuality to stiffen but no matter what cuntslut did with her inventive tongue
she was unable to elicit any further response from the slave before yet another
Mistress rudely shoved her aside and prepared to administer to the slave's needs
more appropriately, with a particularly cruel whip.

Cuntslut reluctantly crawled down from the stage, her opulent tits swaying
heavily from her slender torso, and joined me. "I bet I could have got that
slave off had the Mistress allowed me more time!" She exclaimed petulantly while
I helped her to cover her svelte body with her tunic, adjusting it until she was
`respectable' once again. I glanced at the clock over the bar of the club and
saw that it was already three thirty. We only had another hour and a half before
we had to be back at the `Haven of Slaves' ready to be picked up. I hustled the
reluctant cuntslut towards the door, noting that her face still shone with the
glistening juices of the cunt split she had just sucked clean.

When we entered the vestibule of the club we both dropped to our knees before
the dyke door attendant and submissively kissed the toes of her boots. Cuntslut,
still crazed by her lust for pussy, raised herself up on her knees and began to
lewdly lap at the dyke's rubber covered crotch like a bitch in heat. The bullish
woman chortled at cuntslut's lascivious lust, and reached down into her groin.
She slowly opened a zipper in her crotch, and bared a hairy pussy, moist and
aromatic, "Suck it off, whore! And be quick about it!" Cuntslut dove her face
into the woman's reeking pussy and sucked at its drooling meat with unmistakable
relish. She tongue whipped the woman cock with her deliciously soft tongue until
the muscular woman's pussy exploded, then she slurped down the flowing juices
with equal eagerness.

Once the door keeper's pussy was sated she pushed cuntslut aside and re-zipped
her pants, ignoring cuntslut as though she were a mere toy to be enjoyed, then
tossed aside. I pulled cuntslut to her feet and we emerged from the lesbian club
and back into the daylight. "I want more!" Cuntslut complained petulantly. "I
don't care if its pungent slave cunt split, or ravishing dominant pussy! I want
more!" It was all I could do to stop the lust filled harlot from attacking women
on the side walk and begging to be allowed to suck them off on the spot. I
grasped her bottom in one hand as we staggered along, and drove a finger up her
tight little arse hole just to try to get her mind off pussy for a few seconds.

The shock of this rude invasion of her most intimate orifice momentarily shut
cuntslut up, and gave me the opportunity to reason with her. I told that we had
little time left, and that we still had to obtain the gift she was supposed to
get for our Queen. Then I teased the little slut about how she was going to be
punished for showing off her lewd cunt split in the club, contrary to our
Queen's instructions. She replied with growing petulance that it was not fair,
our Queen had commanded us to suck pussy, and her domatrix was not going to let
her if she didn't flaunt her whore split for her. How was she to obey both
edicts in such circumstances. I told her that it didn't matter to the Queen. She
would normally expect more ingenuity from her whores.

Cuntslut was still trying to make excuses for her actions, and was begging me
not to tell on her, when we reached the entrance to a sex boutique catering to
the erotic needs of females. The cute slave girl had obviously forgotten that
our Queen possessed the power to monitor our thoughts, and it would not require
me to inform on her for the Queen to know she had been disobeyed. I didn't
remind cuntslut of this, however, preferring to be entertained by her fear.
"Let's go in here and see what you can get for our Queen that might allay her
anger at you for disobeying her instructions." I said to little cuntslut.

We entered the shop and I immediately noticed that the attendant was quite
obviously a slave by the nature of her dress. The girl was beautiful in an
innately submissive kind of way. She was dressed in an impossibly short skirt
that barely reached to the tops of her quite slender and exquisitely shaped
thighs, and a ridiculously skimpy top that barely covered the teats of her plump
tits. Other than this she was all skin, with no stockings and bare feet. Her
strawberry blonde hair hung in one long thick braid that reached down to the
tops of her pert bottom cheeks.

I told cuntslut to go and find a gift for the Queen, while I worked on talking
the assistant into letting us have it for free. I instructed the cute little
slut that, when she had selected her gift, she was to do exactly as she was told
when she brought it to the counter. Little cuntslut skipped off to inspect the
wide range of erotic knick knacks the store's shelves were filled with, while I
sauntered over to the counter to the delightful looking attendant. The lovely
girl looked at first, expectant, then slightly apprehensive, after noting the
inscription on my necklace, and then absolutely deferential when the import of
its message really sank in.

"Anything you like, Mistress! Anything you like is on the house. My Mistress has
commanded that it be so! We are honoured that you should patronise my Mistress'
establishment!" The pretty little slave cried. I shushed the girl up befoe her
blathering was overheard by cuntslut, a plan already forming in my mischievous
head. I decided to brief the attendant on this plan quietly, so as not to alert
cuntslut who was busy inspecting the various delights that the boutique offered.
"We are pleased to accept your Mistress' patronage," I whispered to the girl,
"But let's not make this obvious to the little slave cuntslut, over there, to
that fact shall we. We can have some sexy fun with her!"

The slave girl looked at me with curiosity, but seemed willing to enter into the
spirit of whatever I had planned. "When the little harlot has made her choice
you are to follow my instructions to the letter. I'm sure that you enjoy having
your little cunt split sucked, don't you?" Needless to say, the cute little
slave agreed with this premise with alacrity. "We'll insist that cuntslut has to
pay a price of lewd submission to you if she is to get her little gift, Ok?" The
attendant quickly agreed, then I led her out from behind the counter and
whispered to her to close the shop for a few minutes. The little slave rushed
over to the door and placed the `Back in ten minutes' sign on the door, then
flipped its latch, and returned to me.

As it happened cuntslut had made her choice just as the girl returned. She
approached the counter where we stood with her choice in her hands. I smiled
knowingly when I saw what she had chosen. It was a particularly vicious looking
cunt whip. No doubt cuntslut was anticipating our Queen's wrath when she
confessed to showing her twat to the lesbian Mistress at the club. I moved the
attendant to a position in front of me, and then encouraged her to lean back
against me. Just before this I undid the clasp holding the top of my tunic up,
and bared my massive tits. The attendant wound up with her head resting between
my tits, and was obviously delighted with this development, and snuggled her
head into the warm fleshy divide with a sigh of contentment.

"On your knees, cuntslut!" I commanded, "And beg to be permitted to serve this
slave as payment for the gift you have chosen!" Whether cuntslut saw through the
guise or not, I don't know, but she certainly entered into the game with typical
enthusiasm. She fell to her knees, and held out the whip she had chosen in a
supplicating fashion, and then began to beg in wheedling tones that almost had
me laughing at her show of obsequious servility. "Please, adored slave. Please,
let me work off the price of this gift for my Queen by worshipping the scared
cunt split between your glorious thighs, I beg you with all my heart! I promise
to suck you with all the sublime talent my submissive tongue possesses, and not
to stop before you have further honoured me by feeding my adulating mouth with
the marvellous elixir of your divine twat gash! Please, wonderful slave! Let me!
I beg you!"

The attendant reached down her body, leaning heavily against me, already
shivering with barely suppressed lust, and took the whip from cuntslut. She then
flipped her short skirt up, baring the slightly moist crack of her nude, and
smoothly shaven cunt. "You may worship, slut!" She breather throatily, "And the
skill of your performance will decide if I grant you the gift you desire." Her
excitement was obviously growing with each passing second, and I noted that her
beautiful young cunt had moistened even more in that short time, and its sensual
aroma wafted up to titillate my own senses, making me jealous that cuntslut was
to taste it, rather than I.

The cute little attendant sighed in pleasure, and wriggled her head delightfully
between the full mounds of my bared tits as soon as cuntslut's soft tongue began
to work its magic on her, by this time, drooling cunt split. I slipped my hands
into the top of her tunic and cupped the soft smooth mounds of her pert tits, my
thumbs insistently flicking at teats that were already stiff with arousal. "Oh
what a deliciously soft tongue!" The pleasure filled slave girl gasped when
cuntslut's skilled tongue began to tease the erect spike of her girl prick.
"I've never felt a tongue so gorgeously soft! It's killing me with pleasure! Oh!
I cant stand it! It's Sooooo Goooood! Sooooo Goooood!" The girl shrieked as her
pleasure grew.

For my part I watched the rise of the slave's delight, noting a marked increase
in the trembling of her splayed open thighs as her pleasure mounted. When I
deemed that she was entering the throes of her climax I relinquished her tits
and slid my hands down her legs. By this time she had her face turned, and was
lapping erotically at the rubbery nubbin of my left teat. I grasped the girl
behind her knees and hefted her up against my body. This, of course, caused her
thighs to spread even wider, and her shapely bottom cheeks to split wide open.
Cuntslut, taking her cue from this action began to become more passionate in her
attention to the slave's sex. Her tongue was soon lashing the slave from her
pouting arse ring to her throbbing girl prick in relentless erotic torment.

The shuddering slave came in an explosion of ecstasy. Her cries of pleasure must
surely have been heard outside the boutique by passers by. Her twat crack gushed
with a flow of cunt cream that had the dutiful cuntslut, herself filled with the
joy of knowing she was responsible for the pleasure, slurped up with avid
elation. Cuntslut fed on the flowing cunt split until it had surrendered all
that it had to yield to her clever tongue, and the sated slave collapsed,
limply, against me. I allowed her legs to fall back down to the floor, and
petted her fevered brow while she came slowly down from her erotic high.

When I finally relinquished my hold on the slave girl she almost collapsed to
the floor, such was the sensual satiation that had taken hold of her. Cuntslut
gazed up at her from her kneeling position with a smile of sensual triumph on
her face, sticky with the cream of the slave's cunt split. "That was just
delightful, adored slave!" She said, "You tasted just a divine as I knew you
would! Thank you for allowing me the privilege of sucking your gash for you!"

After a couple of minutes the girl seemed to regain most of her composure, and
moved back around to her side of the counter. Her still trembling fingers
fumbled with the whip as she wrapped it for cuntslut. While this was going on I
re-covered my own tits, then drew cuntslut to her feet. The attendant handed
cuntslut her gift with a shy smile, and expressed her wish that we visit the
shop at any time. We informed her that we hoped that this would be the case on
frequent occasions. I myself expressing my envy at how cuntslut had tasted her
delicious twat crack, and I hadn't.

I noticed that time was running short. We had only ten minutes to go before we
were scheduled to be picked up. I hustled cuntslut from the boutique, and we
rushed off, as fast as our ridiculous shoes would allow us to move, back towards
the `Haven of Slaves'. Just as we arrived, so did the limousine. We were
immediately ushered into the rear cabin of the luxury vehicle where our Queen
sat, with our Princess seated at her right hand. We were commanded to strip
immediately, which we did, and were soon in the posture expected of us when we
were the centre of the Queen's attention. Our hand were clasped submissively
behind our heads, our shoulders were rolling shaking the enormous mounds of out
tits erotically at the seated duo, and, in my case, my huge prick swayed, stiff
and throbbing, from my wildly undulating crotch, the mandatory globule of
pre-cum gracing its flared tip and, of course, cuntslut's twat crack, already
glistening with juices was being lewdly flaunted for the domatrix's pleasure.

The Queen and her Princess observed our lasciviously performing nudities for a
few moments and then the Queen beckoned cuntslut to her, and allowed the wanton
slave to present the gift she had obtained. Cuntslut, careful not to diminish
the depravity of her obscene submission, took the gift in her hands and shuffled
across the floor of the cabin to the seated Majesty. She reached out and offered
her gift to her sovereign who took the ornately wrapped package from her hands.
The Queen immediately tore the wrapping from the object and cuntslut began to
rut her hips with frantic obscenity in order to signify to the domatrix that she
wished to communicate.

Her Majesty looked down at the depraved performance of her whore with a glare of
annoyance. "I know what you want to say, wilfull slut!" She announced. "I know
all about your little display of disobedience." The Queen, having noted the
nature of the gift she had been given, continued, with a cruel laugh, "An
entirely appropriated offering, slut! Be assured that it will receive a complete
work-out as soon as we reach home!" She then turned the focus of her
conversation to me, "I would have thought, cockslut, that you would have known
better, given your exposure to the culture. I would have expected you to look
after cuntslut, and ensure that she did not disgrace herself by disobeying my
explicit instructions. You are in need of a good lesson in submission and
humiliation to ensure that you understand the gravity of your own behaviour. I
don't blame little cuntslut entirely for her own irascible behaviour, rather, I
blame you for not looking after her properly, especially when we both know that
she is inexperienced when it comes to being allowed to operate un-supervised!"

My heart fluttered with both dread and sadness. I had displeased my Queen. I
should have anticipated the events that had occurred, and fore-stalled
cuntslut's disobedience. I deserved all that my Queen chose to inflict upon me
for these oversights. As for cuntslut, she was almost beside herself with sorrow
that she had offended our Queen with her selfish act. Tears actually flowed down
her cheeks, and her hips soon began to rut again, with consummate debauchery.
She obviously yearned to inform our Queen that no punishment would be severe
enough to atone for her behaviour. The Queen, however, completely ignored her,
and she eventually resumed her more normal display of depraved obscenity until
commanded to resume her position next to me.

The limousine had moved off as soon as we had entered the cabin, and had been
travelling along smoothly while these activities had been taking place. The
Queen, however, commanded that it stop, and opened the side window to which she
was closest. She beckoned to someone outside to approach. It was a youth of no
more than sixteen years of age. He was obviously of the dominant bent, dressed
in black kid leather from head to toe. He approached the vehicle, tentatively at
first, and became quite agitated when he realised who had summoned him. He was
entirely deferential to our Queen, asking her to inform him of her pleasure. The
Queen replied:

"Young man, do you know who I am?" The youth said that he did, again pledging
his service to whatever she desired. "I have a slave in here who is in dire need
of a lesson in submission and humility. Would you assist me in teaching the
harlot a lesson?" The youth was quick to reply that he would be honoured to be
of assistance. The Queen opened the door and drew the young male into the
interior of the car. His eyes widened in awed astonishment when he saw cuntslut
and I in our completely lewd and obscene postures. The youth was almost
frighteningly handsome, with a muscular frame that almost made my mouth water
with longing. His long hair was clean and well brushed, his face smooth and
unblemished, and the bulge in his leather encased crotch promised a penis of
substantial size, despite his youth.

"See that little whore with the lurid, drooling prick?" The Queen asked the
excited youth. "Yes madam." He responded. "Well, I want that slut to worship
your young, succulent arsehole with his clever tongue to teach him a lesson!
Would you like to feel his whore tongue pleasuring your arse ring, darling?" The
youth could hardly believe what he was hearing. Because of his tender years it
was entirely unlikely that he had ever experienced such an event before, and it
showed. He stammered wildly in his avid acceptance of the request. "Well, why
don't you come over here and stand in front of me?" The Queen responded with a
giggle of pleasure. "Spread your legs, darling. Here, let me help you." She
continued, using her fingers to manipulate the zip that ran from the youth's
waist from front to back. When she had fully opened the zip the soft leather of
his trousers splayed open from front to rear revealing his young sex fully. I
couldn't see the front of the youth's crotch from where I was was, just the half
moons of his smooth bottom cheeks where the leather had spread aside to reveal
the muscular mounds.

From the sighs and giggles of the two Domatrixes I had no doubt as to the sheer
beauty of his young penis and testicles. They cooed and praised his sex with
sensual excitement for a few seconds before the command snapped out from the
Queen:

"Get over here, slut!" Her Majesty commanded. I knew, instinctively, that she
was referring to me, and this was immediately confirmed. "And get your face
between this adorable young Master's beautiful bottom cheeks and pleasure his
sacred arsehole. I want to see your slattern tongue tickling his tonsils,
whore!" I blushed scarlet at the demeaning task allotted to me, and my naked
body shivered with delicious humiliation while I shuffled over to the trio, my
own fabulously erect cock swaying to and fro with my shuffling gait. When I
arrived I wasted no time in complying completely with the command of my majestic
owner.

I shuddered with lust when the warm, hard muscled flesh of the youth's arse
crevasse closed around my face, and my lips were pressed reverently to the
ridged ring of his piquant anus. I washed the ring sensually with my tongue to
both moisten, and soften it in readiness for the climax of my humiliating
assignment. Then I began to poke at the tight hole with the stiffened tip of my
probing tongue. It took only a few seconds before I managed to drive it through
the sphincter, to the audible delight of the young male, then relentlessly
plunged it into the depths of the spicy hole, wriggling it about lewdly as I did
so.

"Get over here and suck the young Master's succulent testicles, harlot!" The
command from the Queen rang out. "Princess and I would have the pleasure of
tasting his sap!" The young man's buttocks clenched against my buried face, as
much from the erotic laving of my tongue, as from the announcement that he was
going to be brought to climax, I suspect. Soon cuntslut had taken up her
position in front of the standing youth, and had obviously gone to work on her
appointed task. The hard teats of her fabulous tits were soon duelling
pleasurable with my own stiff nubs, causing us both to shiver with wanton
pleasure.

"Bring the Master off, sluts!" The Queen cried with glee. "Bring him off with
your lascivious little tongues!" We went about our business with renewed
enthusiasm, anxious to please our regal owner. My tongue began to massage the
prostate of the now literally shaking male with all the lecherous skill of
centuries of submissive training, and cuntslut worked her sublime skills on his
bulging, sap filled testicles with equal enthusiasm. In almost no time at all
the tiny shrieks of pleasure emitted by the aroused youth signalled the
imminence of climax.

"Capture his essense, Princess!" Our Queen cried excitedly when the lad's orgasm
finally arived, "Don't waste a drop! And then give me a taste!" The youth
gushed, squealing in ecstasy. All the while I kept my tongue busy on his
writhing prostate, ensuring that his pleasure was as prolongued, and ecstatic as
was possible. Eventually he had surrendered all that his young testicles had to
give, and his bottom cheeks seemed to actually expell my face from its place
between them. Both cuntslut and I crawled back and resumed our previous
positions while the Princess re-arranged the spent youth's cloths, and he was
ejected from the car. We continued our depraved performance for our domatrix's
entertainment even after the big car moved off, until our Queen tired of the
sight, and told us to resume our normal postures of servitlty. I sighed with a
mixture of relief, and sad disappointment when my hot hard cock softened as soon
as I pressed my face to the rich carpet, and my arse cheeks swayed ever so
slowly and sensually to and fro while we travelled back to our estate.

As soon as we arrived I was ordered back to our quarters while cuntslut
accompanied the two domatrixes. I showered and ate as soon as I was in my room,
then went to sleep on the big bed. Some time later I was roused from my slumber
by the nude body of cuntslut as she climbed onto the bed with me. The little
slave was sobbing with hurt while she hugged me for comfort. I caressed her
trembling nudity with compassion, sliding my hand between her soft thighs and
feeling the moist heat of her swollen cunt split. "Princess thrashed my poor
cunt split for an hour with the whip I brought!" The little chattel sobbed. "It
hurt so musc that I thought I would die, darling cockslut! But I loved it! Oh
how I loved it! I came and came! I'm so exhausted!"

Within a few minutes the little girl was asleep, her big tits squashed up
against my own massive mounds. I saw, in the dim light of the room, that a smile
of contentment creased her lips as she slept the sleep of a person so content
with her lot that her happiness was palpable. I almost enveied her at that
mommnet. She seemed to be as content with her status as any slave I had ever
known. I wondered what she had been before surrendering to such a fate, and
decided that she must have been a submissive for as long as she could remember,
for if she had experienced life in the normal sense before, she certainly never
let on about it, and I never asked.




Chapter 19 - A Competiton and a Trial

The next few days were spent almost entirely in getting order into our lives at
the estate. The Queen spent a good deal of time away from us, coming to grips
with her official duties within the Kingdom, and, of course, getting the full
details of her business interests and ensuring that she knew all about them, not
only their extent, but how they were run, and by whom. Some people were fired
and others hired to take their places until her Majesty was satisfied that her
affairs were both in order, and being efficiently administered. She quickly
became, and I suspect always was, and effective manager of business affairs. I
was sure that her enterprises would all prosper under her guiding hand.

As for we slaves, much time was spent completing our wardrobes, and custom built
bondage devices. The Queen had decided that cuntslut and I would be permitted to
sleep in the same bed but, unless specifically permitted to do so, we were
forbidden to fuck when we were alone. This was as much an excersise in control
as it was to preserve our reserves of lust for more appropriate settings.
Princess supervised all the activities surrounding we slaves and went about her
business with verve and efficiency. Cuntslut and I assisted her in every way we
could, proudly modelling our costumes as they were completed, and meekly
offering up our bodies to the cruel bondage devices, so that any minor
adjustments to their design could be made to ensure that each perfectly complied
with its design purpose.

Sex was never an issue at the estate. Both the Queen and Princess, being
complete hedonists, were not the types to deny sexual release either to
themselves, or their slaves. Needless to say, however, the sex that cuntslut and
I indulged in was always bent towards providing them with lewd and lecherous
entertainment as much as it was to allow us to experience the wanton lust filled
pleasures that ensued. One thing was denied to me, however, in the seven days
leading up to the contest I was to have with the King's personal cock sucker. I
was not permitted to suck prick, or even dominant penis. In fact, considerable
time was spent each day in reinforcing this denial. I was forced to watch
cuntslut suck cock after cock while being teased about how she was enjoying
herself while I was denied the longed for taste of male virility.

I must say that despite my own male core the longer this went on the more I
craved the sensation of a hot stiff prick reaming out my yearning gullet; the
more I longed for the musky flavours of hot creamy prick juice flooding my mouth
and slipping down my gulping throat; the more I yeaned for the bounce of sap
filled balls on my chin; the more I pined for the delicious humiliation of
worshipping virile masculine sexuality. My Queen took special delight in
pointing out to whoever might have been present, especially as the day of the
contest drew closer, the haunted, yearning look that crossed my face whenever a
male, servant, visitor, dominant or slave, came into our presence, and how my
gaze was always immediately fixed on the crotch of the male, whether it was
clothed or not, and how my tongue actually lolled out lewdly, when the cock was
bare. She teased incessantly, and humiliatingly.

Another thing happened after cuntslut and I made our first unsupervised trip
into the city. The gift my Queen had promised me was put on hold, as punishment
for not having looked after cuntslut properly. I didn't miss this too much, not
knowing, of course, what the gift would turn out to be at that time. I can tell
you that this would most certainly not have been the case if I had known that
information, indeed, the exact opposite would have been the case. It was also
announced that a gift had been arranged for cuntslut. She too, was to be given
her own personal toy to play with.

The slave that was acquired for Princess was ordered from a catalogue of life
slaves. The subject was to be imported from abroad so it was going to take a
while for it to arrive. Princess was pleased with the purchase, and had already
ordered physical modifications to be made to the slave from a list made
available by the actual slave itself, who had offered such things as an added
bonus to the purchaser. I could only imagine what this slave would be like but,
knowing Princess, I was sure that he or she, I suspected from Princess' natural
sexual bent, she, would be bizarre in the extreme, and submissive to the point
of fanaticism.

Her Majesty also announced, after a few days, that plans were already in train
to entice Mistress Lotta and Master Frederick back to the kingdom, and to a fate
that would destroy their self esteem forever. She took special sadistic pleasure
in telling us that what she had in mind for that pair would take the wind out of
their sails, and reduce them to a status that they fully deserved. I almost felt
sorry for my former Mistress, but not quite, and looked forward to finding out
what the Queen had planned for the pair.

One of Her Majesty's spies caught one of the King's guard who had been
designated for me during the contest masturbating in the bathroom of one of the
clubs in town. The King, of course, appeared mortified, and the guard was
immediately replaced in my roster by one initially allotted to his slave. The
errant guard had his balls brutally thrashed, and was then exiled from the
Kingdom, the latter punishment much more severe to the man than the former,
apparently.

At last the day of the contest arrived. I was dressed in a particularly erotic
costume, all silks and satins, and designed to leave absolutely nothing to the
imagination. The Queen and I were to attend the contest alone. Princess and
cuntslut taking the opportunity to visit some of the more bizarre spots in the
city while we so engaged. No doubt, little cuntslut would not have to worry
about the wrath of the Queen on this trip. I was sure that she and Princess
would enjoy the delights on offer immensely.

We arrived at the King's palace early in the day. I was filled with longing and
prick lust, and could not wait to wrap my whorishly painted lips around the
first cock. My lust was tinged with dread as well, of course. I could still not
believe that my adored Queen would consent to have me castrated should I lose,
but the fear that she might do so out of sheer anger haunted me and filled me
with horror. If my Queen harboured similar thoughts she was certainly not
letting on. For her it was business as usual, and her voiced thoughts were
entirely those of a proud owner, exhorting her chattel to supreme effort in her
honour. It was a matter of honour to my Queen, and it was my profound duty, in
my eyes, to justify her pride and confidence in me. Failure was not an option,
and I steeled myself to the trial ahead with renewed confidence and resolve.

We were ushered into the contest room by a footman. Preparations had already
been completed in accordance with rules that the King and Queen had agreed
previously. All that remained was for me to be put into the same bondage as the
slave of the king. While this was being done I surveyed the other preparations.
Two lines of bizarre seats were lined up facing each other, twenty seats in each
line. Mounted on each seat was a male, naked from the waist down. While not
slaves, each of the men had his hips and thighs fixed to his seat with tightly
drawn leather straps. This was to ensure that they could not move they groins
even the merest inch. The contest called for the slaves to suck, and not for the
men to fuck face.

From my position, while my erotically clad body was fixed to its bizarre trolley
like conveyance, I could not actually see any of the penises of the men, but
already my mouth was watering in eager anticipation. My body was strapped
securely to the trolley until only my head and neck were capable of movement. My
arms and hands were encased in supple leather and rendered immovable. There was
to be no assistance to my mouth during this contest from any other part of my
body. It was purely a contest between mouths and tongues. To this end, once my
body's bondage had been attended to I was covered completely with a black rubber
sheet that hid my nudity completely, allowing only my head to protrude. My
erotic body was not to be allowed to visually titillate my targets. The King's
slave was similarly held in bondage. Two leather clad men stood at the sides of
both of the trolleys, their tasks, obviously, to move their appointed
conveyances down the lines as required.

When all was in readiness the King stood at the far end of the two lines of men,
the Queen at his side, and announced:

"This contest will be decided by the number of cocks drained in the time
allowed. The slaves will suck for five hours, non stop. The slave with the
greatest total shall be declared the victor. The slaves shall completely drain
each cock before being moved on to the next one. If a cock is seen to still be
leaking after the slave's mouth releases it the slave shall be moved back to
that cock, and not be moved on until the cock is seen to be no longer leaking.
The referees, who are also the movers, shall make note of any cock cream that a
slave might allow to escape from his mouth while he is draining a cock. Should a
slave allow this to happen three times then the number of cocks that slave has
drained shall be reduced by one as a penalty. The time will start when my Queen
sounds the starting gun, and will cease immediately the siren sounds at the
completion of five hours. Is all in readiness?" He finished.

When assured by the two umpire/movers that each was ready the King deferred to
my Queen, who raised a starting pistol in the air. My heart pounded with lust
and eager anticipation. I couldn't wait to get my mouth around a penis. I was
ready! I was filled with delightful degradation! My senses were all attuned to
male virility! My belly yearned for manly sex cream! The gun sounded! My heart
leapt with slavish joy! My blood raced with wanton depravity! My mover wheeled
the trolley I was strapped to in front of the first male.

I stared at the fully erect penis, supported by a set of sap filled testicles
packed tightly at its base, with feelings of consummate happiness, and lustful
desire. It was so big, and stiff, and hot, and its delightful aroma of male
sexuality wafted into my twitching nostrils causing my lust to burgeon even
more, if that were possible. I threw my head forward, mouth gaping wide, and
enveloped the juicy penis head in my mouth. The luscious flavours of penis
flooded my taste buds, and caused my captive nudity to shudder with joy. I
sucked languidly at the ripe spongy penis head with utter devotion. I forgot,
momentarily, the purpose of the contest as I wallowed in the exquisite
degradation of having a penis in my worshiping mouth once again.

I sucked the penis with assured confidence imparting pleasure to its owner with
no thought for any thing else. I soon began to plunge my mouth up and down on
the beautiful penis, massaging its stem with my wriggling tongue, and erotically
squeezing its lovely head with my throat muscles on each downward plunge. I
decided, somewhere in the back of my mind, that I would enjoy the first orgasms
my mouth worked for on each of the penises in my line without regard to the
contest. I guessed that my special talents would come to the fore on the third,
and especially the fourth time I worked on each of the penises, for I fully
expected to be working up my line at least four times before the time expired.

I suckled the penis with all the erotic skill I possessed, and soon it was
throbbing and pulsing in my warm wet mouth. I timed its eruption to an outward
plunge of my mouth. My reward was a stream of rich, spicy ball cream splashing
strongly against the back of my throat. I swallowed wildly, plunging my mouth
back down on the wildly spurting penis until my stretched open lips were hard up
against the man's hairy belly. The penis exploded six times before the power of
its eruptions began to wane. I sucked at it like a demented vacuum cleaner the
whole time, draining it of every delicious drop it had to give. When I surmised
that the balls at its base were completely drained I allowed my pursed lips to
squeeze the slightly wilted tube of all remaining juice as I allowed the penis
to escape the confines of my mouth.

As soon as the penis had fully emerged from my mouth my mover moved my trolley
to the next male. My lust crazed mind was still almost impervious to the import
of the situation as I gazed adoringly at another hot stiff penis, and the
promise of a fresh deluge of male sex elixir to savour and drink. I plunged my
mouth down on the gorgeous pole of lust and sucked it with the same passion that
I had employed on its predecessor and, all too soon for my liking the throbbing
organ bathed my gulping throat in its mouth watering elixir. I was moved on to
the next one and almost sighed in rapture when its hot stiff length was buried
in my adoring mouth. I sucked each penis with equal fervour and descended into a
world where the only reality was a stiff hot penis waiting to be sucked off to
perfection by my insatiable mouth; where only hot tight testicles existed
waiting to be drained of their luscious cream by my supremely talented mouth.

I noticed that my competitor finished his line while I was still sucking the
cream from my third to last penis. I was not overly worried by this. I fully
expected the King's slave to gain a lead at this stage of the contest. In fact,
I was surprised that he didn't have an even larger lead. By the time I
relinquished the twentieth penis for the first time, a little over a half an
hour had elapsed. It seemed like a eternity to me, however, as I contemplated
the joy of sucking each of the twenty penises off for the second time while my
mover wheeled me back down the line to the first male.

I noted that his penis was almost fully erect once again. This time I spent less
time pandering to my own humiliating pleasure, and sucked on the penis with all
the erotic passion I could muster. All too soon it was flooding my gulping
gullet with a fresh load of penis juice which I swallowed like a starving waif.
By the time I reached the end of the line for the second time I had almost
caught up to the King's slave, and I knew that I was about to come into my own.
My jaws had began to ache a little by the time I was being wheeled back to the
start of my line for the third time, and over an hour and a half had passed.

I contemplated the now limp penis dangling thickly between the man's thighs and
smiled to myself while using my tongue to draw the soft stalk into the hot
confines of my mouth. Even though I had sucked forty penises to gushing climax
by this time I marvelled at the fact that I looked forward to sucking at least
forty more with the same sense of wanton degradation and delicious lust as I had
when I gazed upon the first of them. I was truly insatiable. I swallowed the
penis completely, and allowed my throat to skilfully massage it while my
incredible tongue lapped and laved at the testicles at its thickening base.

Within a few seconds the penis had grown to full erection once again and my
tireless mouth plunged up and down on it with feral intensity until it exploded
in ecstasy yet again, and I was privileged to drink another load, albeit a
smaller one that it had previously surrendered, with sensations of submissive
joy permeating my entire being. I repeated this erotic process with each
succeeding penis and succeeded in draining each with still over an hour of the
allowed time to go. When I was wheeled back down to the start of my line for the
fourth time I noted that my competitor was almost ten penises behind by this
time. The contest, as a contest, was already over.

It took me a lot longer to coax the man's penis back to erection this time but
coax it back I did, and sucked it dry for the fourth time. When the penis washed
my throat with its issue the only thought I had was that it did not surrender
nearly as much cream to my for ever thirsty mouth this time, much to my
disappointment. I managed to suck off ten more penises before the siren sounded
signalling the time had run out. While I was wheeled up to the front of the
room, before the seated royalty, I noted that the King's slave had not even
finished the third rotation, and my heart pounded with pride and happiness. My
adored Queen would be so pleased, and her pleasure was my sole reason for being.
My own cock, which had stiffened immediately my mouth had engulfed the first
penis so long ago, and remained so for the entire time, pulsed in ecstasy at the
thought.

I kept my head lowered while the results of the contest were announced:

"His Majesty's slut sucked fifty seven cocks to completion. He has, however,
been penalised three cocks for allowing juices to escape from his mouth on nine
occasions. Her Majesty's slave sucked off seventy pricks, and has been penalised
none. Her Majesty's slave is declared the winner!"

The King was angry, but managed to control his petulance with a show of good
humour, but the tone of his voice left no one in any doubt that he was disgusted
with his slave's performance. My Queen chided him by saying that he should be
acknowledging my supreme talents rather than decrying his slave's performance.
After all, she added, his slave had actually performed excellently, he had just
come up against a slave with supremely attuned skills. The King informed her
that the slave was hers now, reminding her of the terms of their wager. The
Queen laughed at this, asking him what he was going to do for a personal cock
sucker now. The King told her that a slave in training had offered his nuts to
him only a few days ago, in order to be permitted to serve, so he would accede
to that slave's desires that very day.

With that the King rose and left the room, still in a huff. The men who had
provided the penises for the contest were assisted by servants from their seats
and wandered from the room in dribs and drabs. While this was going on we slaves
were also freed from our stringent bondage. As soon a we were free Her Majesty
and I left the room and went immediately to the underground garage where the
Queen's limousine awaited. The slave the King had lost was loaded into the boot
of the car, and I was permitted to ride with her regal Majesty, a state of
affairs that filled me with joy.

I knelt on the floor of the car, my thighs spread wide and undulating
lecherously, my enormous prick stiff aching with lust, and my massive tits
wobbling lewdly as I shook them erotically for my ruler's visual entertainment.
The Queen smiled down at my lewdly cavorting nudity for a few seconds while the
car moved off, then beckoned me over to her, uncovering her crotch at the same
time:

"Come over here, my little pet," She said breathily. "Rest your head in my lap.
You are permitted to kiss my pussy lips, but no tongue. I'm so proud of you,
darling cockslut. You were so good today. The King is mad with jealousy, and
that pleases me immensely. And it's all because of you, you gorgeous little cock
sucking slut!"

I wallowed in the praise of my domatrix and as soon as my head lay against one
of her full tights I tenderly, and with extraordinary devotion, began to kiss
the plump lips of her exquisite pussy. I sighed with happiness when breathing
the aroma of her royal pussy. "Has that sated your lust for prick for the time
being, little slut?" The Queen asked teasingly. I glanced up at her to see if
she needed a reply, and, noting that she did, began to rut my hips obscenely, as
was required. The Queen nodded her assent, and I replied accordingly, "Nothing
can satisfy my longing for hot, stiff penis to suck, adored Majesty, except for
your divine pussy of course."

"Good answer, little whore!" The Queen laughed. "But I'm not going to let you
suck it for me until we get home. I'm going to deliver this new slave to my
brothel complex so he can begin earning his keep. While we're there I want to
have a business meeting with the manager. There's a place called the `House of
Divine Penis' at the complex. I think I'll put you to work there while I do my
business. That establishment is dedicated to the oral pleasure of penises.
You'll need to suck for pleasure alone there, not just to drain the prick. Would
you like that, little harlot, or have you had your fill of cock for one day?"
She inquired with a giggle.

"If it is your desire, adored Majesty, I would be overjoyed at being permitted
to suck divine penis for you!" I cried with genuine devotion. Not withstanding
my recent ordeal my depraved nature still ensured that my lewd cravings were in
no way diminished. "You incorrigible harlot!" My Queen chortled. "You can't ever
get enough, can you?" This question was of course, entirely rhetorical, and I
continued to lovingly kiss up and down the Queen's warm, fragrant pussy lips,
longing to plough my tongue between them but resisting the almost irresistible
temptation to do so in deference to my ruler's command.

The big car glided through the streets towards its destination. I had not yet
seen the Queen's brothel complex, but I had heard a great deal about it. It was
considered the finest bizarre sexual establishment on the planet, and I could
well believe that it would only improve further under the expert management of
my Queen. I spent the whole journey with my head in her lap, devotedly kissing
the plump smooth lips of her stunningly beautiful pussy, and breathing in the
delightful aromas that that glorious female sex emitted.

The Queen drew me up onto the seat as we entered the ornate gates that guarded
the premises. I could see that the complex consisted of numerous separate
buildings within a high walled enclosure. Each building was connected to the
others by covered walkways that ensured the privacy of patrons when they moved
between them. This was not to say that people could not move from building to
building in the open, as was evidenced by numerous patrons who were doing just
that. Each building had a large sign that signified its specialty.

Our big car drew up before a building whose sign clearly designated its purpose,
`House of Male Penis Sucking Pleasure'. It was dedicated solely to the sucking
of penis by male whores. Once the car had halted two muscular, leather clad
males came up to our window, which Her Majesty had opened. She informed the men
that she had a new slave was to be put to work in the `House', and, of course,
that the slave was in the boot. The men hauled the slave from the car and
dragged him off to his fate even as the car drove off.

The big vehicle next pulled up before the `House of Divine Penis'. Her Majesty
and I exited the vehicle, me walking behind my Queen at a respectful distance
with my head bowed in deference. By the time we entered the plush building my
prick had softened and swung heavily between my full thighs. Her Majesty was
greeted by a tall leather clad woman as soon as she entered the building's
vestibule. Her Majesty informed the woman, who was obviously the manager of this
particular establishment, that I was to be put to work in the oral pavilion for
a couple of hours while she went about her business. She then said to me that
she would be monitoring my performance over the complex's sophisticated security
and surveillance system. She then left the building, leaving me in the care of
the haughty manageress.

"Now, what's your name, little slut?" The domatrix asked. "I am cockslut, sweet
mistress, so named for the cock that dangles from my lewd fork." I replied,
flushing with delicious shame. "Well, let's get you costumed up for your work,
shall we?" The manageress commented, already moving down a long passage, with
me, now crawling, following along. We entered what was obviously a dressing room
and I was ordered to strip off completely, which I did immediately.

The domatrix took a thin patent leather strap which she fixed securely around my
waist. She then tightly tied a soft leather cord around the head of my prick,
then drew it through the crack of my arse, and tied it off to the rear of the
waist strap. This caused the stem of my prick to be drawn savagely back between
my legs, and up the chasm between my full shapely arse slabs keeping, it out of
the way I presumed. It also meant that my swollen balls were separated by the
thick base of the stalk. It all looked so sexy, as a prick in bondage always
does.

The domatrix then put a ridiculously short, and bizarrely flared skirt on my
body. When in place this skirt rode quite low on my hips, and flared out over my
thighs, just concealing my captive prick and balls. Once in place, of course,
the gender of my sex was disguised, although all seeing me like this would pick
me as completely female. I was then led from the dressing room, and down to a
large set of double doors through which we passed. The room we moved into was
quite large and expensively fitted out. Ten comfortable chairs were scattered
around its extremities, and one slave, dressed identically to me, was chained to
each chair by means of a light weight chain attached to their ankles. I noted
now the purpose of the tiny costume I wore. It made the sex of each of the
slaves hard to discern although I noted that some of them were likely to be
males, only because of the lack of tit development, not because of a lack of
femininity or beauty of their features.

The manageress led me over to one of these chairs and unfixed the small slave
attached to it. She ordered the slave to take a break and to report back in two
hours, then bound me to the chair with the chain, padlocking it to my ankle. The
domatrix then explained my duties to me. "Slut, I am about to re-open this room
to patrons. You will vie with the other slaves to attract clients to your chair.
The performance of slaves is constantly monitored by my staff and any who don't
attract clients are subjected to severe punishment. You are permitted to use
your voice as well as your sexiness to entice clients. When you have
successfully lured a client to your chair you will pleasure him with all your
devotion. Clients are asked for their opinions of the whores' performances, and
any complaints are treated with the utmost harshness for the slut involved. Is
all this clear to you, slut?" The domatrix concluded.

By this time my heart was pounding with erotic excitement and I answered that I
understood completely. The domatrix then wandered off to another set of doors,
and I took the time to further expect the room. It had a bar with a naked girl
tending it. A myriad of more comfortable chairs were scattered around along with
other items of furniture designed to cater to the comfort of clients. The chairs
to which we slaves were attached were similar to medical examination platforms
with stirrups to keep legs apart and to provide full and easy access to the
crotch of the person seated in them.

As soon as the doors to the room were flung open men began to drift in. Most
went up to the bar to get drinks and then took up seats around the room, then
casually began to inspect the slaves on offer. I took my cue from the other
slaves and was soon flaunting my near nudity at the patrons with consummate
lasciviousness. I shook my fat tits sensuously, rolled my hips erotically, and
lewdly licked my lips in obscene invitation.

Soon some men were doing the rounds to get a closer look at what the slaves had
to proffer. "Sweet Master," I huskily breathed to a young male who had come over
and stood in front of my chair. "May I have the unbridled privilege of
worshipping your divine penis? Please Master, I long to pleasure your sacred
penis. My long tongue loves to lap at hot stiff, dominant penis. Please Master,
let me see it! I'll bet its the most beautiful penis in the world! Please adored
Master, let me see it? Please Master?" I pleaded, shaking my huge tits wildly
and rutting my hips like a demented whore.

The Master gazed down at my obscenely cavorting nudity with a mocking smile. He
fixed my pleading eyes in a cold stare, and slowly allowed his right hand to
slip down to his groin. His fingers located the tab of the zipper in the fly of
his tight leather trousers. He teased me by pulling the zipper down , then
pulling it back up again a few times while he listened to me continue to beg and
plead with consummate depravity. After a few minutes of this obscene parody the
young male finally relented, and opened his zipper completely. He reached into
his pants and withdrew a penis and set of testicles that were beautiful beyond
description. The penis was semi erect, long, and thick, and superbly shaped. As
I gazed at the gorgeous male sex stalk with lust making my blood boil, all
memory of the penises I had sucked earlier that day was banished from my fevered
brain. I could think of nothing but getting my tongue onto the stunning penis
waving erotically before my eyes. My brain could think of nothing but having my
mouth on the penis and of drinking the issue of the fat, bulging testicles at
its thick base.

"Oh Master, darling!" I squealed in wanton lust. "I just knew that you would
have the most beautiful penis imaginable! I just knew that you would! Please!
Please! Please, darling Master! Permit me to worship and adore it, and give it
exquisite pleasure for you!" The Master grinned down at my servile, grovelling
entreaties, obviously mocking my degrading depravity. He just nodded slowly, and
informed me that he would try me out, but I had better be as good as I thought I
was. I watched him remove his trousers, my mouth already watering with eager
anticipation. I also noted, with some pride, that I was to be the first of the
slaves to have succeeded in persuading a Master to grant his penis to adore and
service.

The Master mounted the bizarre seat and spread his legs wide, resting them on
the supports provided. This presented his splayed crotch beautifully available
to me, and I immediately moved until I knelt between his thighs with my face a
few inches from his now gloriously erect penis. I reached under the seat and
made a small adjustment to its settings. This caused his firm muscular bottom
cheeks to spread a little, just enough to bare the ring of his anus to my lust
crazed gaze.

I Leant my head forward and breathed in the aroma of his hot aroused male
sexuality deep into my lungs, savouring the heady aroma of male lust with surges
of submissive joy rushing through my veins. I blew up and down the throbbing
organ, titillating the Master, orally, with my heart felt gratitude to him for
so honouring me, not to mention, praise for the virility and masculinity of his
powerful sexuality. I kept this verbal, and tantalising teasing up for at least
five minutes, raising the lust of the Master to fervour pitch before I finally
gave way to my own utter, yearning to taste the beautiful penis standing so
proud and excited before my face.

I began by tracing its hot length, from base to flaring head, with the tip of my
tongue. I traced each of the pulsating veins that decorated the pulsing pole of
lust with sheer joy and happiness. The Master was not unaffected by my worship.
His breathing became a little more laboured the more aroused he became. His
slender thighs knotted when I allowed my tongue to wash wetly over the spongy
flesh of his penis's head, and I revelled in the musky flavours of the juices
that had begun to seep from the little slit in its tip.

I then allowed my long warm tongue to wash liquidly down the hot stiff stem
until I was able to lave it over and around the smooth testicles, so swollen
with luscious sap, that rode tightly at the thick base. Each time my tongue
reached back to the rear of the bulging testicles I was sure to allow it to lap
wetly over the pulsating hole of the young Master's pouting anal ring, much to
his delight. I continued to lap up and down the throbbing penis, drawing out the
Master's pleasure with excruciating slowness. All the while I regaled the
excited dominant with sexy erotic praise of the loveliness of his penis, the
succulence of his testicles, the lusciousness of his juice, and the
deliciousness of his anus.

It must have been a half an hour before I went to work in earnest on the young
Master's gorgeous penis. My own state of mind was filled with depraved lust, and
servile happiness by that time. I sensed that the Master was beginning to tire
of the incessant teasing, and that it was time to bring him to the brink of
release, then to keep him there for what would seem, to him, to be an eternity,
before nudging him over the edge and plunging him into an explosion of sexual
ecstasy such as he had never before experienced. It was going to take all my
concentration to achieve this I realised, given the longing ache in my own
heart, to drink his divine testicles dry.

I swallowed the man's penis down to its pulsing root, then allowed my throat to
impart its own brand of ecstasy to the throbbing pole of virile sexuality. When
I sensed that the young Master was about to explode in climax, I backed off and
allowed his penis to come off the boil, only to start all over again. The
dominant was kept on the edge of release for ages in this way. For my part, I
was content to be kneeling between the wide flung thighs of a dominant male,
with his beautiful stiff, hot, young penis filling my adoring mouth.

I would have kept the Master in this state of sensual rapture indefinitely if I
had not glanced at a clock on the wall off to one side and saw that the two
hours that my beautiful Queen had told me that I would be put to work were
almost up. With a low hum of expectancy coming from deep in my chest, I went to
work in earnest for the last time. I sucked the throbbing penis with a passion
and joy that had my mind buzzing with happiness. All too soon it began to
pulsate, and jerk in the hot wet confines of my elated maw.

I increased the intensity with which I sucked when the climax became apparent.
The sensation of fulfilment that washed over me matched the mindless ecstasy
that erupted in the Master when the first powerful spurt from his young
testicles splashed hotly against the back of my throat. His come tasted so
delicious I could barely contain my joy at being permitted to feast on it. The
spasming penis exploded over and over in my mouth. I had withdrawn most of the
throbbing pole from my mouth, so that I could experience the joy of each potent
spurt washing over my wriggling tongue, and better appreciate the luscious
flavours that dominated my senses completely.

Unfortunately all good things must come to an end, and the penis ceased to gush
out its rich, spicy issue almost abruptly, taking me by surprise, and filling me
with a sense of loss that actually saddened me. Never the less, I was careful to
ensure that my avid mouth drained the testicles completely dry before I allowed
the softening tube of sated male sexuality to escape from my lips. I gazed up at
the spent youth in adoring admiration, and breathed out to him how gorgeous his
penis had been, how matchlessly delicious his testicle juice had been, and how
privileged I felt at having been granted the joy of sucking him for so long.

In the midst of my farewell praise for the panting youth the manageress
approached my chair, and signalled that my Queen was waiting. I deferentially
packed the young Master's penis and testicles back into his leather trousers,
taking the opportunity to place one final devoted kiss of sheer gratitude on the
spongy penis head before my fingers zipped up the fly of the trousers.

The young Master staggered to his feet to the inquiry from the manageress, "Any
good, love?" The man looked over at her incredulously, obviously not realising
that she might not know of my prowess, and replied, "The best ever! The best
ever!" The haughty woman smiled down at me, kneeling submissively at her feet,
and commented that she would have to make sure that I visited again soon, I was
obviously good at what I did. I made no reply to this compliment, sensing that
none was required. The domatrix then beckoned me to follow her.

While crawling from the room I noted that a number of the chairs were now
occupied. Near Naked slaves knelt between splayed open male legs, and submissive
mouths worked industriously on stiff penises imparting slow and excruciating
pleasure with profound devotion. A pang of jealousy flowed through me at the
thought of the joy of those slaves. I naturally believed that every slave was as
single mindedly devoted to hedonistic service as I was, and it filled me with
envy to see other slaves engaged in erotic service when such pleasure was denied
me.

We went back to the dressing room where I changed back into my normal slave
costume, and then I was led back to the service entrance of the building. Our
car waited for my arrival and when I approached it I found the chauffeur waiting
at the baggage compartment, I flushed with shame, realising that I was not to be
riding with my Queen for the trip back to the estate. I clambered into the
cavernous boot and settled down in the rubber cocoon it had been transformed
into for its purpose. The boot lid closed, plunging me into complete darkness.

I contemplated the perfect lifestyle I had now attained, all the way back to the
estate. No slave had been born as lucky as I. From my initial submission,
through an eon in the magical realm, and now in servitude to the beautiful
Queen, who had been my sole love for as long as I could now remember. All of my
bizarre and submissive yearnings were catered for, more than catered for. I had
the companionship of the delightful cuntslut, and the unremitting discipline of
the stunning Princess. But most of all I was permitted to serve my glorious
Queen with all my heart. I was happy beyond imagining, and it showed in my every
action.

As soon as we arrived at the estate I was ordered to my quarters for what
remained of the day. I was reminded that next morning I was to ensure that
cuntslut and I were appropriately dressed for a session of the kingdom's
outlandish court which was scheduled for that day. I happily wandered off
towards our slave quarters, having risen to my feet as soon as I was alone. When
I arrived I found that I was still alone. Obviously cuntslut and Princess had
not yet returned from whatever adventures they might have engaged in that day.

I stripped off and showered for an age, enjoying the warm cascading water while
I soaped my svelte body and washed my long tresses carefully. After I had dried
myself off cuntslut had still not returned. I was hungry, so I pressed the
buzzer to our intercom and requested something to eat in appropriately
deferential terms. I remained nude while I waited for the food to arrive
luxuriating in my nakedness and still marvelling at what had been done to my
physical appearance.

The food arrived. I kissed the boots of the male servant who delivered it, as
was required of me, after he had set the tray down. Once the servant had left I
sat down at the small dining table and consumed the delicious meal with relish.
When I had completed the meal I again pressed the buzzer. There was no
communication this time, it was merely a signal to the kitchen that the tray
could be retrieved whenever it suited the staff. I then went into our bed room
and lay on the soft rubber covering. There was no need for covers in our
sleeping cubicle for the whole mansion was carefully climate controlled. Almost
as soon as my head hit the pillow I was asleep.

Sometime later, I don't exactly know how long, I was woken by the arrival of
cuntslut. The little slave, nude as always, snuggled up to me on the bed, and
woke me up impatient to tell me of her day out with Princess. I noted, once
having fully come to my senses, that it was close to ten o'clock, and I must
have slept for three or so hours. I was still drowsy, but cuntslut would not be
denied. She had been told of my triumph earlier in the day, and was so excited
and pleased for me. I suspect that her delight with me had as much to do with
the fact that when our Queen was pleased with the efforts a particular slave, we
were all normally in for some sexy rewards over the next few days, as it had for
the mere fact that I had done my duty.

The exited little harlot explained to me how Princess had taken her to the
Queen's brothel while I was engaged in the competition with the King's slave.
Princess had decreed that cuntslut be gang fucked in her cunt pit for the full
length of time I would be engaged in my test. Cuntslut explained that Princess
had decided that it was time for her to be introduced to sexual excess, and
slave service. "She's going to have my arse pit gang fucked next time, and then
I'm going to be mouth gang fucked! All this is training, darling Princess says,
for the time that I'll be used in all my harlot holes at the same time! I can't
wait for that day, darling cockslut! I can't wait!" The insatiable little
trollop cried out excitedly.

Cuntslut explained that one of the buildings in Her Majesty's brothel complex
was devoted to gang banging. It had separate rooms for cunt split, arse pit,
mouth, and what she described as `round the world'. The cute little slut then
went on to describe this, her first experience of sexual servitude with males in
detail. She explained how her body had been placed in bondage so that her legs
were kept spread wide baring her pretty cunt split, and tied down so that she
could only rut her hips a little. Then cock after cock fucked her non stop,
drowning her wanton cunt pit in man juice over and over. Her only respite was
when a slave was brought in to suck her cunt split dry, whenever it got too
sloppy from the constant use.

"Princess stayed the whole time to watch me being fucked, cockslut!" She
exclaimed deliriously, "She even had other sluts brought over so that I could
empty their dripping twat gashes after they had been fucked like I was! It was
gorgeous, darling! I drank oceans of cock cream. Princess even allowed me to
suck her sacred pussy to completion a few times. I was in slut heaven! I love
being a lewd wanton harlot, darling cockslut! I love it so! Don't you?"

I agreed with her, of course, and with equal enthusiasm described the contest,
my eyes lighting up with joy at the memory of my debasement. When I had finished
my tale cuntslut asked, with a giggle of mischief, "Why do love to suck prick so
much, darling? I would have thought that, having a prick yourself, you'd much
rather play with cunt split, or worship divine pussy!" I laughed, but still
managed to blush prettily while replying that sucking dominant penis or slave
prick was especially degrading to me, and therefore so deliciously submissive. I
explained that I equally adored worshipping sacred pussy, especially that of the
Queen, and, of course, our Princess. But I experienced a special kind of shame
when my mouth was filled with male sex meat. It made me feel so submissive and
servile.

I'm not sure whether cuntslut understood or not. She seemed to think that while
it was quite normal for a girl to suck another girl, it was somehow different
for a man to suck another man. I supposed that it must have had something to do
with her upbringing. We talked on for an hour or more until cuntslut began to
yawn. She snuggled closer to me and buried her head between my fabulous tits and
was asleep almost before I realised that she was no longer listening to me. I
cuddled the nude slut with loving care, and was soon asleep again myself.

The gong woke us up at seven the next morning. I stretched contentedly before
noticing that cuntslut was not on the bed. The cute slave was already in the
shower, her excitement at the prospect of what this new day had to offer, making
her impatient for it to begin. I joined her in the shower and we washed each
other with gentle sensuousness. Once we had completed our ablutions we dried
ourselves, and then went to our clothing closet to choose our costumes for the
day at the court.

I chose a harem suit for cuntslut. One that made her appear more naked than if
she had actually been nude. It had diaphanous pantaloons that were completely
see through, and a vest that draped over her mountainous tits leaving their
bottom halves completely bared. Before I dressed her in this ridiculous costume
I painted the smooth lips of her cunt split with scarlet make-up, to ensure that
they would be lewdly highlighted despite their covering. I also painted her
stiff teats with the same care and they too stood out under the filmy material
that draped over the jutting mounds of her lovely tits.

Her feet were shod in harem shoes with impossibly high heels. She wore her
Queen's pendant, along with earings in the shape of erect cocks, and a bangle of
intertwined cunts. Her ensemble was competed with a slut waist chain. This was
so named because the word `slut' was formed by each four links. I allowed
cuntslut to choose my costume, being sure, however, that the one she selected
would meet with the Queen's approval. The one she selected certainly did that.

She chose a sort of full body harness made of pink satin. The harness served to
accentuate the sexual aspects of my body. My huge tits were left completely
naked, as were my prick and nuts. In fact the crotch straps associated with the
harness were designed to present my sex in lewd detail. My fat swollen balls
were captured in a band of the soft sensual material, and seemed to be thrust
out. A tape at the base of my prick was devised to ensure that, once erect, my
prick would not be allowed to soften. Cuntslut, of course, ensured that my prick
was fully erect before this band was tightened in place. Lace frilled bands of
material framed the jutting mounds of my massive udders presenting the smooth
shapely mounds most erotically. Similarly frilled tapes of satin framed my
bottom cheeks. Pink silk stockings sheathed my long legs and the inevitable
spike heeled pumps completed my ensemble.

Cuntslut hung silver pendants in the shape of erect pricks from each of my
rubbery teats, and from the skin at the rear of my prick, just below the flared
head. Once we had dressed each other in our erotic finery we set about applying
our make-up to each other's faces, and ensured that our lustrous tresses were
well brushed out and shone silkily.

Princess entered our rooms just as we completed our preparations, and we knelt
before her while she inspected our efforts. Princess expressed her delight at
our choices, and filled us with joy when she said that the Queen too, was sure
to be pleased with us. We were the ordered to don cloaks which would hide our
bizarrely adorned bodies until we entered the court room and took up our places
in the slaves' gallery. We left our rooms and headed to the garage. Princess
allowed us to walk rather than crawl along behind her to ensure that we did not
mar our appearances.

The trip to the court house took about a half an hour. The Queen had already
left before us to give her time to set up for the coming trials. As soon as we
arrived at the court house, which was a building in the King's palace complex,
we saw that a number of vehicles were already parked in the block adjacent to
the building, and people, generally covered with neck to ankle cloaks were
milling around waiting for the doors to be opened. A small group of people, both
slaves and dominants, were being ushered into a side door when we alighted from
our car, and we were informed by an attendant that these were the defendants for
the day.

Those put on trial were always slaves, but it was explained that, while slaves
were the ones accuse, if found guilty their owners were also subject to penalty.
It was considered that a slave could have no acceptable excuse for errant
behaviour, even if that behaviour was as a direct result of commands from their
owners. But if such circumstances were proved, then the dominant also attracted
a penalty, as well as the slave in question. Dominants also attracted penalties
if their training of their slaves was deemed to have been a factor in the
slave's errant behaviour. Penalties handed down were deliberately designed to
fit the `crime' committed.

A few minutes after we arrived attendants opened the main doors to the court
house, and the waiting crowd were permitted to enter. Once inside our cloaks
were taken by attendants. I blushed prettily when my lewdly clad body was
displayed to the crowd, as did little cuntslut, not to mention the dozen or so
other slaves that had come to witness the proceedings. All slaves were ushered
off to the slaves' gallery which consisted of a raised platform running from the
front of the main room to its rear. Evenly spaced on this platform were one
meter square slave mats of shiny black rubber. Each slave was ordered to kneel
on a mat and face the main area of the room, in display postures.

Cuntslut and I adopted our demeaning display postures immediately. We both
rolled our shoulders sensuously, causing our magnificent boobs to shimmy sexily,
and rutted our hips wantonly, in my case flaunting the hard stiff pole of my
aroused cock with its sexily frames nuts, and in cuntslut's case, displaying her
painted cunt split, with its teasing covering, with wanton delight. Other slaves
off to either side of us performed in much the same submissive fashion.

The dominants, both male and female, took up seats in the room facing the
ornately decorated bench, and, of course the dock. The dominants were all
dressed appropriately in ensembles of leather, lace and shiny metal. The
dominants, two men and two women, who were owners of accused slaves were seated
immediately in front of the dock, and all looked expectant, with a mixture of
excitement and trepidation showing on their faces. The accused were apparently
held in a room behind the dock, and witnesses waited outside the room for their
call to give evidence.

The dock itself was not really a dock in the normal sense. It was, rather, a
raised platform about six feet square, with a ramp that led up to it from the
door at the rear. The bench was merely a throne like chair. There was a table
for the prosecutor in front of the crowd, but none for defence counsel. The
accused were not permitted to be represented, and were required to fend from
themselves, in the highly unlikely event that they actually contested the
charge. The room was abuzz with expectation by this stage. We slaves were
inspected by the dominants with obvious points of interest being pointed out
about individual displays. Cuntslut and I revelled in our humiliation, and soon
showed clear evidence of our own extreme arousal, cuntslut by a glistening of
her painted cunt lips which soon had the diaphanous material of her harem pants
completely transparent where it lay against her wet sex, and in my case by a
small bubble of cock cream gracing the tip of my erotically swaying prick.

Our Queen, dressed in sumptuous, yet erotically dominant finery was seated on
the judge's throne. She surveyed the room with a look of superior excitement,
completely at ease with her position of power, and obviously enjoying herself
immensely. Princess, also dressed in gorgeously dominant fashion, was seated in
the prosecutor's seat. With a casual wave of her hand the Queen caused a hush to
come over the room, and all waited, with bated breath, for the trials to begin.

The first slave to be accused was then summoned by a leather clad female usher.
A male, completely naked, crawled up the narrow passage and onto the `dock'. The
slave was a squat, muscular male with a hairy body. He took up a position of
servile submission on his knees with legs spread, and hands clasped behind his
head. The slave's long thick prick was soft and limp and hung between his
splayed thighs. The Queen inspected the slave with a look of both anger, and
disdain crossing her beautiful features. Anger because of the slave's limp cock,
I suspect, and disdain because of the hairiness of his skin.

Princess rose from her seat preparing to commence the proceedings, but was
halted by a wave from Her Majesty, "A moment, if you please, prosecutor!" She
cried, then turned her attention to the slave, "You miserable swine! Is this any
way for a slave to enter the presence of his superiors. React immediately,
whore, or I'll have you removed from the court and banished from the kingdom,
along with your owner, for ever!"

The kneeling slave's chest heaved with emotion. I could not tell whether he was
reacting through fear, or if he was reeling with shock at the unexpected turn of
events. The Queen waited, her wrath clear, while the slave sought to react to
her command. Every one in the court held their collective breaths, wondering
what might be about to happen, and you could have heard a pin drop. Somehow, the
slave managed to respond to the dire situation, and his prick stalk began to
twitch and swell. After perhaps thirty seconds or so it had reached almost full
erection, and stood out from his hairy fork adequately, if not proudly. "That's
barely acceptable, whore!" Her Majesty commented, then signalled to Princess
that she could now proceed.

Princess again rose to her feet, and began to read from the paper she held:

"The slave pigprick is accused of baulking when required to place the kiss of
submission on the sacred mound of a mistress when in the confines of a sexual
and bondage boutique. Further more, when finally acceding to that display of
submission the slave's performance in so doing was, obvious to all seeing it,
deemed totally inadequate. All witnesses to this incident agree with the
severity of the charge as read, my Queen." Princess related, and then resumed
her seat.

The Queen fixed the kneeling slave with an icy stare and then announced:

"Whore, I find you guilty of the charge brought. You will be taken into custody
for the next week, and installed in the `House of Drooling Cunt Split' in my
brothel. There you will beg to be permitted to tongue kiss the dripping cunt
split of each and every slave harlot who deigns to notice you. When, and if,
they accede to your pleas you will, with due deference, and complete submission,
tongue kiss the sloppy twat gash presented to you. At the completion of each act
of submission you will express you absolute joy at being permitted to perform so
glorious a task. Failure, on your part, on any occasion will result in your
immediate, and permanent banishment from this kingdom." Her Majesty surveyed the
kneeling male, noting the heaving of his hairy chest as she informed him of his
fate, but she was not yet finished:

"Further more, whore, at the end of each day of your incarceration you will
present a stiff prick stalk for the application of ten strokes of the cane to
its entire length as payment for entering my presence with it hanging limply,
rather than in a state commensurate with being permitted to be within my sight."
Then she turned her attention to the owner of the slave, and gazed at that man
with even more malevolence, "As for you," She said with scorn dripping in her
voice, "We expect, in this kingdom, that slaves be fully and immaculately
trained in all arts of submission, regardless of sexual orientation. While your
slave serves his sentence you will be banned from all places of entertainment
within the kingdom. Should your slave ever err again, and be brought before this
court, then both he and you will be subject to permanent exile from the
kingdom."

The slave's owner blushed with shame at the Queen's obvious disdain, and bowed
his head in contrition. The usher then removed the slave from the dock, and
prepared for the next accused. This one was to be a female slave. It was
expected that her performance would be of a higher quality than the prior
male's, given that Her Majesty's high standards had now been promulgated. I
could not make out how the audience had reacted to the first `trial' but they
seemed to have been struck dumb by the proceedings. I was sure, however, that
the penalties imposed were being seen as harsher than they had been used to.
Cuntslut and I, of course, harboured no such surprise. We knew all too well how
sadistic our beautiful owner was, and how deliciously vindictive she could be.
My huge prick pulsed with excitement while I watched the proceedings, almost
wishing that it was I to be judged by the court, so that I could experience the
extreme humiliation it inspired, not to mention, be subjected to a delicious
punishment as a result of my sin.

The next accused slave was summoned to the dock. The girl was young and slim
with almost no tits at all. This had more to do with her natural build than her
age I was sure because she looked as though she was in her early twenties. Her
face was heavily made-up and her crotch was hairless. Her cunt split was long
lipped, and the twat flaps themselves were plump and full, in contrast to her
slender build. Prominent inner twat lips hung below the fleshy outer ones by
almost an inch. The slave's girl prick was long and thick, and was already
nudging the tops of her twat lips apart as arousal set in.

By the time the slave had adopted a posture that displayed her sexuality fully I
saw that the tip of her girl prick was peeping sexily out from the loose skinned
sheath that held it. The slave was obviously nervous, and no doubt fearful of
her coming humiliation, but that same degradation was also causing her body to
react with appropriate sluttishness. Once in position the girl swayed her hips,
almost imperceptively, as if ashamed of her displayed sex. Her Majesty, noting
this, frowned a little, but didn't say anything about it, perhaps even
sympathising with the slave, but I doubt it.

Princess rose to her feet once again, and read from her charge sheet:

"The slave titlesstrollop is accused of showing reluctance when commanded to
display her whorish cunt split to a Mistress in a lesbian boutique. The wilful
slut expressed embarrassment as an excuse for her reprehensible action. The
harlot's owner, who witnessed this act of calculated rebellion and was acutely
shamed by it, has brought this charge herself, and begs the court to impose a
penalty commensurate with the grievous nature of the offence." Princess, having
completed her task resumed her seat.

The Queen remained silent for a few seconds, obviously weighing up the charge,
and of course, racking her brains to come up with a suitable punishment for the
trembling slave. She fixed the slave in an icy gaze, and then announced her
judgement:

"You are obviously guilty, whore! You will learn that slave's have no rights
what so ever in this kingdom. They are, at the very least, required to react to
the commands of superiors without the slightest hint of demure. The mere fact
that a dominant noticed you should have been enough to send you into a paroxysm
of submissive delight. Instead, you have shown yourself to be `modest' beyond
all expectations and all required behaviour. Why, even now you display your
sexuality to this court with less than appropriate submissive eagerness and
debauched elation." The slave trembled with even more trepidation while the
regal Queen spoke, but I noted that her hips seemed to undulate with a little
more lasciviousness when she learned of her fate.

"In keeping with your crime, wilful slut, I have decided that you will spend the
next week in my whore house. You will be installed, completely naked, in the
`House of Lesbian Delights' and subjected to the most stringent of bondage.
Bondage that will allow you, however, the ability to spread your thighs
sluttishly wide . Once installed you will, whenever anyone comes within ten feet
of your captive nudity, throw your legs open to the fullest extent possible, and
display your lewd cunt split with utterly wanton depravity. You will then beg,
in the most obsequiace terms, for the person to enjoy the depravity of your lewd
twat gash. You will undertake both acts in the most demeaning mode imaginable
regardless of whether the person be a domatrix, or another slave. While your
obscene whore gash is on display in this fashion you will flaunt it with joyful
depravity while describing it clearly and unequiovicably, as the most debauched
and perverted cunt split in eternity."

By this time the slave was blushing scarlet, and her stretched open thighs were
visibly shuddering. I noticed, however, that the tip of her girl prick had
emerged a little further from its protective sheath, and that her plump cunt
lips had begun to glisten with accumulated moisture. Despite her acute
humiliation the slender harlot was obviously beginning to revel in the depths of
her depraved shame.

"Should you continue to display even the merest hint of reticence while you
sentence is being served the Mistress of Dyke Sluts will administer ten strokes
of the tawse to your errant gash on the spot, and this punishment will be
repeated mercilessly, until she is satisfied that you are performing
satisfactorily." The Queen then turned her attention to the distraught slave's
owner. She praised the woman for her honesty and courage in bringing her whore
forward when she was found wanting, and, of course, levelled no blame and
imposed no penalty on the relieved domatrix.

This slave was then removed from the courtroom, and the next to be judged was
called for. This time another naked female chattel crawled into the `dock', and
displayed her lush charms with consummate depravity. The slave girl was in her
twenties, and was relatively well built without being voluptuous in the sense
that I was. Princess once again stood a read out the charges. It seemed that
this slave, when given by her Master to his friends for a little arse pit
fucking actually called `enough' after a mere two hours of constant reaming. The
Queen was quite severe on the slave, sentencing her to a ten hour bout of gang
arse fucking, and twenty strokes of the cane to her saucy tits.

A number of other slaves were brought before the court, and each was dealt with
with appropriate efficiency and dispatch by my Queen. Eventually Princess
announced that only one errant slave was left to be dealt with. This slave was a
young male who, it was explained, was only a recent convert to sexual
submission. A most beautiful boy imaginable crawled into the dock and took up a
wantonly depraved posture. I literally drooled with lust a the sight of his
gorgeous stiff cock. He was, of course, shaved completely clean in his splayed
open fork, and a perfectly shaped cock, seven inches in length and one and a
half inches in diameter, arched lewdly out from his crotch. A set of balls, the
size of duck eggs nestled sexily at the base of the lovely prick, so smooth and
succulent that I thought my heart would break with longing.

The Princess stood for the final time and read from her list:

"The slave prettyprick is accused of baulking at the prospect of sucking a
dominant male's penis when granted the privilege of doing so while visiting the
`Haven of Slaves'. His Mistress throws herself on the mercy of the court,
pleading that her slave is new to submission, and his training is not yet
complete. The slave did eventually do his duty, but the Master involved was
displeased with both his expertise, and eagerness, and was especially disturbed
by the slave's obvious hint of distaste when the Master so gratuitously granted
him the sacred elixir of his testicles."

The Princess resumed her seat and my Queen began her deliberations. She
addressed her comments to the slave's owner first, a quite young girl, who stood
and waited for Her Majesty's pleasure:

"I see that you are as inexperienced as your chattel and will take this into
account, little lady!" The Queen stated, "However, you must learn, and learn
quickly, that slaves should not be exposed publicly until you are sure that they
are properly trained. It is not only embarrassing to you if a slave in your
possession performs badly, but also to those you come in contact with. I have
decreed that you spend two weeks, as a sort of apprentice, to the Mistress of
Cocks. She will teach you how to subjugate a male slave to the joys of prick
worship." The Queen then turned her attention to the slave:

"You, slut, must learn that sexual orientation does not exist, for a slave, in
this kingdom. All slaves are expected to submit themselves to whoever desires
their service regardless of sex. You must learn to yearn to serve cock and cunt
with equal enthusiasm and utter devotion. No sexual act is taboo for a slave.
You must train your heart to ache with the craving to worship hot manly penis
with a fidelity and zeal indistinguishable from that you display when granted
the privilege of worshiping pussy. To start you off on this course you will join
your Mistress under the care of the Mistress of Cocks at the `House of Divine
Penis' where she will instruct you in the art of pleasuring penis."

The Queen did not immediately dismiss the slave on this occasion, however, but
continued:

"Before you are dismissed I have decided that a public display of your
acceptance of my judgement is called for." The slave reacted to this statement
with delicious humility. His gorgeous prick pulsed visibly, and a drop of cream
glistened at its tip lewdly. The slave, although raw, was obviously acutely
attuned to the glory of his submission. I thought to myself that he was going to
indeed make an excellent slave, and that he reminded me of myself an eon ago.
The Queen continued, and what she now said made my heart flutter with delicious
humiliation:

"My own personal serf is exquisitely trained in the art of prick worship to the
extent that he no longer differentiates between prick and cunt in his submissive
acceptance and eager passion. Cockslut," She continued, pointing at my
perversely displayed nudity, " Will present you with his prick. Before he offers
it to your submissive mouth he will give you a commentary on the delights of
prick worship. When he has finished you will be permitted to beg him to allow
you to suck a load of cream from his big, stiff, aching cock. He will, of
course, not deny you this pleasure, and we would watch you make love to a cock
like a lewd slut should!"

The Queen then motioned to me to join the slave prettyprick in the `dock'. My
heart pounded with lust as I shuffled off towards the front of the court
ensuring that my progress was as humiliatingly obscene as possible. As I passed
cuntslut the little trollop whispered petulantly, "You're so lucky, cockslut!
You get all the good jobs!" I smiled inwardly at her annoyance but, never the
less, revelled in my own submissive happiness at once again being made to
humiliate myself for the glory of my Queen. I mounted the `dock' and knelt
before slave prettyprick, still marvelling at the sheer beauty of his succulent
prick and balls. I waved the aching stalk of my own enormous cock before his
excited eyes, noting not a hint of rebellion in his eyes, and wondered if this
performance might not have been a set-up by both he, and his Mistress. Once in
place I opened my mouth and began to regale the young slave with the joys of
submission to male virility.

"Oh slave prettyprick, you must surrender completely to the sheer joy that being
permitted to adore stiff, hot, manly, virile masterful penis brings to any true
slave. You must yield to the unadulterated depravity that a command to service a
slave cock engenders. You must submit to the immaculate happiness that only
accrues when your lips are stretched wide around the base of a magnificent
penis, and its hot pulsing length fills your worshipping mouth to capacity, and
its succulent head invades you adoring throat, and the mighty, sap filled
testicles at its base rest heavily on your chin."

Losing myself completely in sheer lasciviousness of the scene I began to
describe the joys of cock sucking with ever more glowing depravity. My words
were having an effect on the young slave from the look in his eyes, which now
reflected a kind of haunted yearning, and were fixed unwaveringly on the swaying
length of my throbbing erection. "You, sweet prettyprick, must immerse yourself
in the undying euphoria of feeling a splendid penis throb in your mouth. You
must wallow in the pristine rapture that accrues when your taste buds are
flooded with the rich flavours of a potent penis. And finally, darling slave
prettyprick, you must revel in the unadulterated ecstasy that explodes over your
entire being when the manly penis you are so privileged to be permitted to suck
on surrenders to you lascivious talents, and sprays your adoring gullet with an
ocean of succulent, luscious man juice for you to feast on to the crescendo of
joy and adulation filling your slave heart and sole."

By this time, in my mind, the slave and I were the only ones present, and my own
yearning to pleasure his prick was almost unbearable. I cried out to my Queen in
wanton lust, begging to be permitted to worship the slave's beautiful, beautiful
cock. The Queen, of course, denied me this prize but used my lecherous reaction
to my position to illustrate to the slave, and to all present in the court, how
a truly, perfectly trained slave reacted to being in the presence of a stiff,
hot, naked prick. She pointed out that merely being associated with such a prick
caused me to concentrate all my faculties on its pleasure, regardless of whether
it was a divine dominant penis, or depraved slave cock. This, she explained, was
appropriate behaviour for a slave steeped in sexual submission. She then gave me
permission to place one kiss on the tip of slave prettyprick's gorgeous cock,
before offering my own to him as she had decreed.

I was sure now, that slave prettyprick's `crime' had just been an act, probably
dreamed up between he and his Mistress as a means of demeaning him in public to
cater for his submissive yearnings in a new, and deliciously dangerous manner.
His eyes betrayed his excitement and happiness at his imminent humiliation, and
betrayed not the merest hint of rebellion at being forced to pleasure another
male's cock. I leant forward, and with almost religious devotion, pressed my
painted lips to the hot, moist tip of his prick. I revelled in the hot meat my
lips kissed, and allowed the tip of my tongue to sweep away a globule of juice
that had seeped from its slit. It tasted delicious, as I knew it would, and it
was a wrench for me to finally remove my lips from the standing sex stalk.

I reared back up and waved my own aching stalk in front of the young slave's
expectant face. "I offer you the stiff, hot, aching pole of lust sprouting from
my lewd fork, slave prettyprick!" I cried out in wanton excitement. "Submit to
my Queen's authority utterly, sweet slut, and worship the stalk of slavish,
lustful depravity with all your heart!"

The young slave almost smiled with pleasure, but managed to maintain at least
the facade of being a recalcitrant slave, in his reaction to my lascivious plea.
With a voice that wavered in lustful passion, but, I suspect, was supposed to be
quivering with mortified shame, he stuttered out, "My Queen, I submit,
unreservedly, to your judgement, and thank you from the bottom of my heart for
the opportunity to worship the magnificent prick of your beautiful personal
slave. I promise, my Queen, to display a level of submission to this mouth
watering prick that will demonstrate my complete surrender to your will, and
pray that my performance will meet with your approval!"

The slave then leant his head forward, and lapped the hot meat of my pulsing
stalk, from thick base to dripping tip, with one long, languid stroke of his
warm, wet tongue. My thighs trembled in pleasure at this exquisite sensation,
and my cock throbbed with a surge of fresh lust. The young slave lapped and
laved at my standing stalk, covering it from base to tip, over and over, until
it shone with his drooling saliva. He then took a deep breath, opened his mouth
wide, and swallowed the entire pole in one mighty gulp. I almost swooned with
pleasure when his hot mouth captured my tense, pleasure filled sexuality, and he
sucked on it like the lust crazed animal he had been reduced to.

The wanton slave sucked my prick with a passion bordering on insane lust. He was
obviously overjoyed to have his submissive mouth packed with mighty male
sexuality. His tongue massaged my stalk ecstatically. His throat squeezed my
drooling prick tip devotedly while his fingers gently, and tenderly caressed my
swollen nuts. He soon began to bob his head up and down while he sucked with
wanton depravity that had me shaking with lust. I somehow managed to contain my
desire for as long as I could for, despite the churning of the juices in my
balls, I knew that my Queen would expect me to make this slave work hard for his
reward, to demean himself totally before the juices he sucked so ardently for
were granted to him. But it soon became impossible for me to contain myself. His
clever lips and tongue had worked their lewd magic, and my prick pulsated madly,
way beyond my control.

The passionately sucking slut, sensing that I was about to climax, allowed my
entire prick to escaped the clutches of his depraved mouth. He grasped my
throbbing stalk in both hands and began to pull on it wildly while his tongue
slobbered obscenely over the big flaring head of sex meat at its apex. I almost
squealed in ecstasy when my orgasm broke. Stream after stream of scalding male
sex cream gushed from the tip of my spasming prick and cascaded over the
triumphant slave's wriggling tongue. His throat gulped wildly while he fought to
swallow the spurting juices, and not waste a drop. His fists squeezed my jerking
pole with ever increasing force, drawing every drop I had to offer from the
pleasure soaked stem. He joyously swallowed my cock juice down, revelling in his
shame and humiliation, and basking in this most perverse demonstration of his
depraved submission.

My chest heaved, my massive tits rising and falling as the climax of my orgasm
passed, and I began to come down from my sexual high. The dutiful slave squeezed
every drop of cream from my spent prick and tongued it into his avid mouth. He
continued to kiss my prick, which had remained stiff and erect, despite my
shattering orgasm, long after he had drained it. His eyes shone with submissive
happiness while he marvelled at my show of male potency, no doubt wondering how
my prick managed to remain stiff after such a strong and liquid orgasm. The
Queen allowed the slut to kiss the prick he just emptied for a few seconds
before she commanded me to return to my position, and dismissed the slave.

That completed the proceedings of the court for that session. Before the court
was cleared the Queen commanded the Mistress of slave prettyprick to approach
her. The two conversed for a few minutes while the rest of the audience cleared
the room, taking their slaves with them, until only Her Majesty, Princess,
cuntslut and I remained. We were then, with appropriate ceremony, escorted to
our own limousine. Cuntslut and I were permitted to ride in the cabin with Her
Majesty and Princess on the way back to the estate. The Queen asked me if the
slave was any good. When I answered in the affirmative, she seemed to agree with
my assessment that the whole thing had been a set-up, and that my prick had
certainly not been the first that little male slut had ever lovingly, and
devotedly sucked on.

She informed us that slave prettyprick's Mistress was in fact his sister, and
that she had initiated further contact with the slave, although she was not
interested in the Mistress. Being the ruler, of course, meant that the Mistress'
wishes were of little consequence in any case. I shivered with pleasure at this
news, as did little cuntslut, kneeling beside me. I looked forward to being
allowed to reward the slave for his exquisite sucking of my cock by being
permitted to reciprocate. Once we arrived at the estate we slaves were banished
to our rooms for the night as Her Majesty and Princess were scheduled to attend
a diplomatic function, where the presence of sex slaves was not appropriate. We
were, of course, forbidden to fuck while being alone, and un-supervised.




Chapter 20 - New arrivals and the Abduction

After the court event life went on at the estate. More costumes were designed
and made up for we slaves, as were more devices designed to attend to our
bondage. I spent many hours serving as my Queen's living dildo, much to my
delight. Cuntslut was not so happy with this as it normally meant that she
played a lesser part in the orgies of depraved lust that were involved. I
constantly teased her with the fact that she had no cock of her own, and was
consequently not able to participate in the pleasures our Queen and I so
enjoyed. I knew that I shouldn't tease the little slut so mercilessly, and it
cost me considerable pain and suffering whenever Princess caught me at it.

We settled into a comfortable routine of hedonistic excess, laced with
sado-masochistic activity. Life was good and fulfilling for both slaves and
dominators. As promised cuntslut was taken to the brothel and gang fucked up her
tight little arse by Princess, and was also allowed to experience gang `around
the world' fucking. For my part I spent many a day serving in the `House of
Divine Penis' and grew to gain a reputation as quite the most skilled cock
worshipper in the entire kingdom. During the first few months in the kingdom we
never attended any of the night spots, except, of course, for cuntslut and my
initial foray into the town described earlier. Her Majesty had decided that our
wardrobes would be completed before we ventured out on such excursions. This did
not, of course, prevent her and Princess from sampling the delights of many of
these establishments constantly.

There was much excitement at the estate when the Queen announced to us that the
next day would see the arrival of Princess' new personal slave. We slaves were
also beside ourselves with excitement at this news, for it had been decided that
we would not receive our playthings until Princess' slave had arrived. We did
not, at this time, know what these toys were to be, and cuntslut and I spent
many hours fantasising about what form they would take. Would they be new and
exceedingly bizarre bondage equipment? Would they be delightfully cruel and
sadistic whips? Would they be sex toys for us to use when demonstrating our
depravity to our ruler? Or would they be collections of erotic and humiliating
jewelry with which to decorate our bodies for the pleasure of our owners? We
didn't know, but were about to be filled with delighted surprise, I can assure
you.

The day of delivery dawned with high expectancy for all. We were dressed in
estate costumes before being summoned to Her Majesty's main play room. Cuntslut
and I crawled into the plushly appointed room and took up our positions before
the Queen's throne, our arses raised high and, in my case, my long ropy prick
dangling thick and limp between my splayed open thighs. Her Majesty was seated
on her throne and dressed in gorgeous erotic finery. Princess, as usual, stood
next to the throne dressed in supple black leather and lace. Standing before us
were three huge black boxes, at least four feet high, and about four feet
square. Two of the boxes were done up like presents with ribbons and bows. The
last of the three was bare of decoration.

"Shall we acquaint ourselves with your new slut first Princess, darling?" Her
Majesty asked with a smile. Princess, her eagerness evident, was only too happy
to comply, and soon walked over to the bare box. She leant down and quickly
unlatched the front panel and drew it open. Cuntslut and I strained our necks
around so that we would be able to see what emerged from the box.

What actually did emerge from the box filled me with wanton, lust crazed wonder
when Princess snapped, "Show yourself, whore!" A woman of truly voluptuous
proportions crawled out into the light of the room and reared up on her cruelly
spread knees before the regal Princess and displayed her lewd charms in classic
submission, her hands clasped behind her head. The slave was a picture of
sensual pultritude the like of which I had never before laid eyes on. Her tits
were at least as large as my own massive mounds, but entirely different in
spectacle. While my udders are firm, and ride high and proud on my chest, this
whore's were soft and pulpy, and drooped heavily from her torso. This is not to
say that the tits were in any way less beautiful than mine. They were equally
gorgeous, just in a different way, and they wobbled deliciously while the slave
woman shook her shoulders to wantonly enhance their lewd display. The teats that
capped the fabulous balloons were long and thick, and deliciously pink in
colour.

The woman's belly was soft and rounded, unlike cuntslut and mine which are flat
and firm. Her thighs were voluptuous, smooth and incredibly white and
unblemished. The slut's cunt split was truly stupendous. I had never seen a cunt
split with such large and fleshy outer lips, or such fabulously drooping inner
ones. The woman cock was completely bare. Its protective sheath had been removed
from the very base. It was huge, almost like the cock of a pre-pubescent youth,
and it stood proud and erect at the apex of the  wondrous cuntal chasm.

The woman's facial features exuded rich sensuality and her eyes, violet in
colour, shone with submissive ardour as she gazed up in utter adoration at her
new owner. Princess stared down at her chattel with a smile of sheer joy. The
woman was obviously everything she had dreamed, of and more. Frequently
photographs enhance the quality of what they depict, but that could never be
said of this woman. She was more than real, and Princess was delighted beyond
imagining. Princess inspected the slave for a few minutes, glorying in the
slut's sheer voluptuousness before she addressed the kneeling whore for the
first time.

"Slave, I am pleased with you!" Princess announced, the slave's reaction was one
of sheer happiness so intense that tears of joy actually trickled from the
corners of her eyes. "From this point on you will be know as slave piggash. I am
your Princess, your owner, your ruler, and your merciless punisher! In keeping
with the name I have bestowed upon you you will reduce yourself to the most
perverted, lecherous, obscene, lust filled harlot in the kingdom! You will
refuse to perform no act no matter how filthy and obscene and depraved it may
be! You will surrender completely to obscene lechery utterly, and exist solely
to wallow in your licentious lust. You will submit with joy and delight to the
cruelest and most merciless punishments imaginable. Now, your existence will be
governed by the same rules that Her Majesty's sluts,cuntslut and cockslut here
are dominated by. They will explain these to you in detail later. The only rule
you need to know now is that utterly obscene rutting of your lewd fork is the
means by which you beg permission to communicate. You may now demonstrate your
utter and total submission to my will!"

The slave reacted immediately, dropping her torso to the floor and crushing the
mounds of her enormous, soft tits into the hard polished wood. Her voluptuous
arse slabs, so round and smooth waved about with immaculate lasciviousness while
her lips slobbered adoring kisses over the toes of the Princess' patent leather
pumps. The new slave paid homage to her ruler for a full minute in this
demeaning fashion before she again reared her nudity up, and began to rut her
hips with consummate obscenity. Princess watched her slave perform this
humiliating ritual for a full five minutes before she eventually permitted the
whore to speak. We all waited with bated breath for the first words the slave
would utter, the sheer wanton excitement building to an almost unbearable pitch
while Princess made us wait. When the sign was given, the outpouring from the
ecstatic slut was well worth the wait.

"Oh most adored and worshipped Princess, owner of my being, controller of my
lust, castigator of my slave carcass, I, the utterly degenerate, immaculately
depraved whore, and flawlessly submissive, impeccably obsequious slave surrender
to you completely! Your merest whim is my reason for being! Your entertainment
is my purpose for existence! I live and breath only to serve you with every
fibre of my being! My sole purpose since they day I was born was to prepare
myself to serve you, most adored, beautiful Princess!"

The slave's chest heaved with the bursting of her emotion and masochistic
yearning and she swung her kneeling nudity around, then wantonly waved her
shapely arse slabs at Princess, and continued:

"I offer up these obese arse slabs, and the depraved ring and pit that hides
between them to you for your amusement, and beg and plead that you punish them
savagely whenever the fancy takes you!" The whore swung back up and then grasped
each of her teats in the fingers of one hand, and savagely pulled her massive
tit mounds out by them and presented the gorgeous udders to Princess, "I submit
these fat tits to you, adored Princess! The floppy milk bags exist for your
pleasure, and to absorb your wrath. When you deign to punish them I implore that
you show them no mercy!" The excited whore then reached into her lewdly splayed
fork with both hands and literally tore the plump lips of her moist cunt apart,
baring the fleshy trench completely, with its palpitating cunt pit mouth,
pulsing piss slit and stiff, throbbing woman prick, "I surrender this utterly
depraved and debauched cuntal trench to you, worshipped Princess, and vow that
it will refuse no act of obscene perversity for your amusement,  pledge that no
punishment meted out to it will be too severe, if it pleases you to inflict it,
revered princess!" The slave woman resumed her submissive, and utterly raunchy
posture once again, and expressed her undying love and devotion to Princess
continuously, until commanded to cease her depraved babbling by my Queen.

Princess was beaming with delight, and would, no doubt, have allowed the fawning
slut to gibber on indefinitely. She revelling, for the first time, in sole
ownership of a slave, and the power and omnipotence that this engendered. Both
the Queen and Princess stood up and wandered around the lewdly cavorting harlot,
drinking in the voluptuous charms she so wantonly displayed for a couple of
minutes. Cuntslut and I kept to our positions, and waited for events to proceed
with bated breath.

"Well, Princess," Her Majesty commented, "Your depraved slut is certainly easy
on the eye, and shows verbal promise, but we have yet to see how the whore
performs physically. Shall we have her perform for us before, or after we give
my sweet, lewd harlots their little presents?" Princess was caught momentarily
unawares by Her Majesty's question. It was obvious that she could not wait to
see her new slave debase herself even more obscenely, for her entertainment, but
on the other hand she had to decide whether it would be better to get the gift
opening complete, before such an event. She eventually decided, "Your Majesty, I
think it would be better if we had all the other activities out of the way
before we consent to allow piggash to perform for us. In fact, while we are
letting cuntslut and cockslut open their presents, it will give the whore a
chance to dream up an appropriate means of demonstrating to us that she is not
all talk!"

"A good idea, Princess," Her Majesty replied with a leer. She then ordered
piggash to join us, and for all three of us to present ourselves. Soon we were
all up on our knees, and cavorting with equal obscenity before the dominant duo.
"Before we begin," Princess added, addressing her new whore, "You may use any of
the slaves present to assist you in the planned display of your perverted
debauchery, piggash." I was slightly confused when she said this, since cuntslut
and I were the only others present. Why did Princess' comment make this sound
incorrect.

"Little cuntslut first, I think," Her Majesty suggested, then addressed cuntslut
herself, "Off you go, you sweet little harlot, see what I have got for you!"
Cuntslut crawled off towards the box that had her name on it, her beautiful bare
bottom cheeks undulating sexily, and her enormous tits swaying sensually. When
she arrived at the large box she wasted no time in tearing away the decorative
ribbon that adorned it, then quickly unlatched its door and drew it open. The
little slut squealed with delight when the interior of the package was revealed,
and its contents crawled out into the light of the room.

"Its prettyprick!" She cried, "Her Majesty has bought me slave prettyprick! Oh,
thank you, Your Majesty! Thank you!" She cried in utter happiness. Slave
prettyprick knelt before his slave owner submissively, then leant down and
slipped his face between cuntslut's splayed thighs. The young male devotedly
kissed the lips of cuntslut's moist cunt split in a display of submission, then
reared back up so that his stiff young cock was again proudly displayed, and
cried out in a voice laced with submissive happiness, "Sweet cuntslut, I am
happy beyond belief at becoming your slave toy, and will serve you utterly
devotedly, for the rest of my life!"

Cuntslut's face clouded with confusion. How could a slave own a slave. It didn't
make sense. Her Majesty soon explained, "Sweet little harlot, you are slaves
together. You are each other's little playthings. Now, little cuntslut, as the
harlot prettyprick has submitted to you, don't you think it's time you submitted
to him also?" Cuntslut blushed prettily at this mild criticism from the glorious
Queen, and immediately leant down and pressed her heavily painted lips to the
glistening tip of her new plaything's strongly erect prick, then made her vow of
submission and service to him in much the same terms as he had used in
surrendering his being to her.

The two slaves were ordered back to positions next to the new slut, piggash, and
I. It was now my turn, and Her Majesty smiled benevolently, and knowingly, at my
cavorting nudity before directing me to open my gift. I waddled over to the last
remaining box on my knees, my huge erect prick swaying erotically out in front
of me, and my heart racing with awed anticipation at what sort of slave my Queen
had acquired for me. All kinds of possibilities raced through my mind, raising
to almost fever pitch my lurid excitement. I tore the ribbon from the large
crate in almost indecent haste, and my fingers fumbled wildly at the latches to
its front panel. My heart leapt in sheer joy when the contents of the open crate
were revealed.

My heart skipped beat after beat. My blood raced through my veins, and my cock
throbbed with lust when the nude, bizarre creature who possessed the most
beautiful, mouth-watering, succulent, perfectly formed prick I had ever sucked
off crawled out into the open and knelt before me. The creature's exquisite face
bore an expression of unambiguous joy at seeing me, for she had undoubtedly
recognised me despite the changes I had undergone physically. It was the
gorgeous transsexual I had so devotedly adored, and was so disappointed not to
see again when cuntslut and I had visited the restaurant for slaves earlier. My
mouth flooded with saliva at the mere sight of the stunningly beautiful cock
standing so perfect and erect in her smooth skinned fork. It took every ounce of
my discipline not to immediately engulf that gorgeous stalk of male sexuality in
my mouth on the spot.

My mouth gaped open in complete awed delight, and a surge of cream almost
spurted from the tip of my achingly rigid prick, causing Her Majesty to comment
with a mocking giggle, "I see, cockslut, that you recognise the slut I have
acquired for you, and you are obviously in raptures over my choice. I knew you
would be, of course." I was still completely struck dumb with excitement, and
elation, while I stared in adoration at the phenomenal sexual animal who was now
to be mine to play with to my heart's content. My mind was filled with the
memories of the first time my mouth had worshipped the pole of lust that stood
between her legs, remembering vividly its delicious aroma, its fabulous
flavours, but most of all, the sheer succulence of the sweet elixir I had been
so privileged to suck from it so long ago. "Why don't you introduce yourself to
my gawking harlot, slut, and then we can see how obscenely Princess' new whore
can perform for us!" Her Majesty snapped in mock impatience, for she too
appeared to be struck with the wanton beauty of the stunning transsexual.

The lovely creature bent down and tenderly kissed the seeping tip of my
pulsating prick, her soft tongue washing away the small rivulet of cock cream
that had flowed from its dilated slit, then addressed me with absolute love and
devotion, "I am the slut whoreprick!" She cried with a voice laced with
jubilation, "I am happy beyond my most cherished dreams, fulfilled beyond my
most fervent hopes, to be permitted to devote my every conscious thought to the
love and devotion of you, darling, adorable cockslut! I have longed for the
chance to see you again ever since you honoured me by pleasuring my harlot prick
so superbly so long ago. Not a day has passed since that night, adored cockslut,
that I haven't dreamed of being allowed to show my gratitude by submitting my
being to you unreservedly, to prostrate my existence before your mighty, all
powerful cock stalk!"

I was beside myself with lust crazed elation. I couldn't take my eyes off the
lovely prick, quite the most beautiful I had ever seen in an eon of existence.
Involuntarily, my head dipped down and my long tongue furled itself around the
perfect head of the flawless prick and squeezed it with utter adulating joy. My
senses were inundated with the luscious flavours the hot spongy meat exuded, and
surges of sheer joy and happiness flooded my rapturous soul. Oh how I adored my
Queen for having so immaculately anticipated my dreams and aspirations. How
impeccable was her knowledge of my depraved desires.

With a real wrench I finally allowed the prick tip to escape the attentions of
my adoring tongue, and cried out in a frenzy of sheer lust enhanced happiness,
"Oh my adored and eternally worshipped Queen! How can I ever adequately express
my gratitude to you for your gift of sublime debauchery! You have filled my
heart and soul with unimaginable joy by granting me the opportunity to submit my
depraved being to the most stunningly beautiful cock in the universe! Sweet
slave whoreprick, you have the most adorable prick in the universe and I yearn
to have it filling my adoring mouth for ever!"

The level of debauched depravity that permeated the room was palpable.
Domatrixes and sluts alike were, by this time, consumed by accumulated lusts and
burgeoning wanton craving. Her majesty's appetites were quickly becoming
un-containable. Her hands were already unconsciously slipping into the top of
her gown, and under her micro mini skirt to caress her hot flesh. But, as is the
way of that accomplished sensualist, she was determined to ensure that both
hers, and Princess' lusts were to be raised to much higher levels before any
satisfaction of them was to be contemplated. With this in mind she made her next
commands, "It's time, Princess, darling, for these obscene sluts to entertain us
with their perverted degeneracy. As promised, my dear, your new harlot will be
the centre of attention. Let's hope that the ribald whore has dreamt up a
scenario worthy of our attention!" Princess then took over, addressing her whore
directly, "Well, your heard Her Majesty piggash, you dissolute harlot, get on
with it, and it had better be good, or you will suffer the consequences!"

Princess then sat down in a seat she had dragged over next to the Queen's
throne, and the two aroused domatrixes settled down to enjoy our efforts in
debauchery. Piggash was granted permission to speak in arranging the exhibition,
but the rest of us were forbidden to communicate except, of course, to squeal
out our lust and pleasure. Piggash started off by ordering me to lay out a large
square of thick rubber matting in front of the seated dominants, to protect the
plush and expensive carpeting from the sex juices that we would most surely
shed. Once I had done this she began to set up the scene, in detail, with
herself, of course, forming the central attraction of the orgy of sluttish and
submissive perversion.

I was ordered to lay on my back in the centre of the square. Piggash then, with
a leer of depravity, tied a prick presenter around the base of my erection so
that it stood straight up from my fork, pointing to the high ceiling. She them
commanded the delicious whoreprick to straddle my head and bring her gorgeous
balls into range of my mouth, warning me not to touch them until she was ready.
I stared up at the gorgeous nuts, so smooth and shapely, at the base of the
whore's standing prick. I breathed in the delightful aroma they emitted with
passion, and my mouth flooded with longing. The slut piggash then crouched her
own plush nudity down between my widely spread legs so that her massive, soft
tits hung down over my jutting prick stalk, the top four inches of which
actually disappeared between the hanging udders.

From eye line access to a wall mirror behind me, I was able to see what the lewd
whore did next, as she began to describe, for the benefit of the seated
domatrixes, the obscene acts we slaves were about to perform. She reached both
hands down into her splayed fork and dipped all of her fingers into her drooling
gash, covering them with the spicy cream that already flowed profusely from the
depths of her cunt pit. The lewd harlot them drew her hands up, and used the
pungent cunt juice dripping from them to paint the length of my pounding prick
until it glistened wetly. I thrilled to the sensations as she spread her hot
cuntal juices all over my throbbing length, her hands going back and forth from
her gaping twat to my rigid lust stalk until she was satisfied that it was
totally soaked.

Once she had finished painting my prick with her sticky cunt juice the lewd
whore began to cover her own flopping tits with the same spicy cream until the
hanging udders also shone with the aromatic juices of her drooling cuntal
trench. With these preparations completed she brought the final two slaves into
play. First she beckoned little cuntslut to approach her, slipped her face
between the cute harlot's shapely arse cheeks, lecherously tongue kissed the
spicy ring of her arsehole, then she ordered the slut to spear her arse on the
standing prick of my plaything, whoreprick. I glanced up from the mirror I had
been following all this action in just in time to see the head of whoreprick's
delightful cock force its way past the little slut's tight arse ring, then
watched as inch after inch of the gorgeous pole disappeared into cuntslut's hot,
welcoming arse pit.

Slave prettyprick was then directed to straddle my body so that his bottom was
poised in front of piggash's face. She slipped her face between his lean,
muscular bottom cheeks and gave his arse ring a long sloppy loving tongue kiss,
removed her face and began to explain the extent of the depraved exhibition to
both we participants and, of course, the eagerly waiting dominants:

"Worshipped Majesty and adored Princess!" The excited slut cried, "For your
amusement I am going to tit whip the whore cockslut's lewd prick until it shoots
its profane juices all over my obese udders. At the same time I shall fist fuck
my own whore cunt split with both fists at the same time. The whore cockslut
will passionately suck the sap filled nuts of the lewd harlot prettyprick, until
her lust stalk bathes the degenerate arse pit of the trollop, cuntslut, in its
slut juices. Cuntslut will lean forward and tongue whip the head of the whore,
prettyprick's depraved prick, while I tongue his arse pit until his cock spews
out its pungent lust cream. I pray, adored rulers that my scene is sufficiently
debauched and perverted to provide you with some modicum of amusement and beg,
beloved Princess that should my flying tits fail to bring cockslut off at the
same time that all other slaves come, that you punish me severely by thrashing
the dissolute milk bags with your most vicious tit whip!"

With her depraved speech completed the lust crazed slave thrust her face between
the waiting arse cheeks of prettyprick, and drove her long tongue deeply into
his hot tight arse pit. Her hands linked together and she savagely bent her back
so that she was able to drive both, up to the mid point of her forearms, into
her own drooling cuntal tube. Cuntslut threw her face forward and her soft
tongue began to sensually whip the head of prettyprick's pulsing prick. For my
part I just sighed with contentment as the hot eggs of my darling whoreprick's
balls filled my loving mouth with their warm, tasty meat, and I suckled on them
with all the erotic skill I possessed.

I moaned into whoreprick's fork when my pole of depraved lust was battered
wantonly by the flopping tits of the voluptuous slave, piggash. I thrilled to
the delicious sensations of the soft udders sensually battering my pleasure
filled prick, and marvelled at the sheer depravity of the picture we must have
been presenting to our adored owners. Five depraved whores losing themselves in
exquisite obscenity and utterly perverted sexuality. My huge cock began to throb
wildly and I sucked the balls of my playmate passionately in response, my hand
reaching up to caress the pert mounds of her firm tits to add to her pleasure.
From the corner of my eye I watched our reflection in the mirror marvelling at
the depravity of the tableau. Cuntslut's shapely arse slabs revolved sensually
as she fucked her hot arse pit on my whoreprick's lovely cock. Her lewd tongue
erotically lashed the beautiful head of prettyprick's ravishing prick.

The architect of our depravity, piggash, wriggled her face between prettyprick's
lean smooth arse mounds while her shoulders shook wildly causing her massive,
soft, cunt juice soaked tits to flop madly over and around the throbbing stalk
of my rearing cock. At the same time she fisted her own cunt split with a force
that defied description, her forearms masturbating the incredible stalk of her
fabulous woman cock while her soft round bottom cheeks revolved with her lewd
delight.

The adorable prettyprick was the first to climax, and I watched while his
gorgeous prick spurted thick streams of creamy white man juice over the lewdly
wriggling tongue of his new playmate, the wildly slurping cuntslut. The balls in
my mouth began to flex and churn almost before prettyprick's prick eruptions
began to ebb, and I realised that my exquisite whoreprick was emptying her
juices into cuntslut's hot tight little arse pit. I noted that piggash herself
was climaxing, perhaps for the third time, and my own erotically battered cock
started to jerk and pulsate madly as my own orgasm rushed towards its
cataclysmic explosion. I squealed in ecstasy into the softening balls that still
filled my adoring mouth when my prick erupted like an out of control geyser.
Stream after stream of hot creamy cock juice gushed from the tip of my pleasure
soaked cock, and bathed the soft tits that so sensually whipped it in the musky
issue. I came and came and soon my juices dripped profusely from the massive
tits that continued their erotic battery for the whole time I gushed.

We rutting slaves slowly came down from our mighty climaxes, aftershocks of pure
pleasure racking our naked, sweating bodies. Piggash tore her face from its
position between the clenching arse slabs of prettyprick, and wailed out her
anguish, "Oh adored Princess, I am sorry beyond belief, and beg your forgiveness
with all my heart. When my fat tits were granted the pleasure of whipping off a
magnificent slave cock for your amusement the errant udders were unable to bring
the prick to juice spitting ecstasy at the same time as the others, as I had
promised! I beg and implore you, my worshipped Princess, to punish the errant
tits with all the savagery they deserve! Please! Please! revered Princess!
Punish my deviant tits cruelly!"

While the distraught piggash was making her pitiful pleas I edged my face
backwards slightly, so that it was wedged between my darling whoreprick's moist
arse cheeks, then drove my agile tongue deeply into her succulent arse pit. I
remembered that she had trouble achieving erection soon after coming, and was
determined that, by the time we disengaged our bodies from the orgiastic posture
we had assumed that I would have it stiff for her once again. After all, I knew
that it would shame her terribly if her lovely prick was limp when it was again
on display to the domatrixes and I was clever enough to surmise that such a
state of affairs would reflect poorly on me as well. After all, whoreprick was
my personal plaything, and I was sure to be held responsible for her behaviour,
or at least I knew that it should be.

Whoreprick, to my sheer delight, dreamed up a novel means of communicating with
me, even as my busy tongue was teasing her spasming prostate gland relentlessly.
She reached down and, in the guise of caressing my huge tits, used a fingernail
to trace out her message on their sensitive skin, "Darling, darling, darling,
cockslut! My prick is stiff again! I love you so, darling cockslut, and am happy
beyond my wildest dreams to be owned by you! I will serve you with all my heart
and soul forever, my darling cockslut!" Whoreprick's deliciously delivered
message filled me with joy, of course, but also confronted me with a dilemma
that I badly needed to resolve. I was then, and will always remain, a slave, and
while others, and my Queen in particular, might grant me the honour of owning
another slave, I could never fully accept the submission of another to me,
rather, I saw the acquisition of sweet whoreprick as just another sexual being
for me to serve, and surrender my heart to. To reinforce this realisation I
traced a return message on the side of one of her lovely pert tits, "Sweet
Mistress whoreprick, I have always been, and will always remain a slave to you,
and in particular, a slave to your beautiful, beautiful, beautiful penis!"

Before whoreprick could respond to this revelation the Queen's voice interrupted
proceedings, "Just lovely, sluts!" She cried, "Prepare to line up before us, and
attend to our pleasure! Cockslut, clean up your toy! Cuntslut, you and your toy
may clean up Princess' slut's tits. Quickly now, for Princess and I are
extremely horny!" Cuntslut stood up, freeing whoreprick's cock from her arse
pit. I glanced up at whoreprick with happiness as I lapped up and down the
length of her well seasoned prick, thrilling to the flavours of arse pit and
prick juice, before swallowing the lovely stalk completely. My heart pounded
with the intensity of my joy. My adoring mouth was once again filled with the
delicious, most fabulously beautiful prick I had ever laid eyes on. It was as it
should be. My tongue washed the hard meat clean with diligence and devotion, and
it was only with extreme reluctance that I finally allowed the glistening pole
of sex to leave my mouth.

In the meantime the other two whores had lapped piggash's floppy tits clean of
my own cock cream, and we all lined up, in display posture before the dominants,
our hands clasped behind our bowed heads, and our hips undulating erotically in
depraved offer of our again aroused sexuality to our despotic rulers. Princess,
I saw, had retrieved a small, but vicious looking cat-and-nine tails whip, and
was swishing it about in a menacing fashion. "Get over here, piggash, you
dissolute whore!" She snapped, drawing a grin of sadistic satisfaction from Her
Majesty.

The new slave waddled across to her domatrix. The expression on her features was
a mixture of dread and fear, tinged with excitement. Once she was in place,
kneeling submissively in front of her Princess the domatrix snapped out another
command, "You know what's coming, slut! Prepare yourself, and then beg for your
richly earned punishment!" The slave shuffled around so that she faced away from
Princess, then arched her body so that her huge tits flopped down her torso
towards her head which she conveniently moved out of range. This new position
presented those enormous, delightfully soft mounds in the most defenceless and
vulnerable fashion possible. The slave's voice then cried out in abject pleading
tones.

"Adored Princess, I present my tits for punishment! The errant udders have
failed to live up to your expectations the first time you graciously permitted
me to use them to amuse you. I beg you, worshipped Princess, thrash the wilful
tits without mercy! Punish them hard! Whip them viciously and relentlessly, so
that I might learn to use them with perfect depravity should you again permit me
to involve the fat mounds in your entertainment!"

I listened to the slave's pitiful pleas with growing lust, wishing that it were
I, not her, about to receive a savage tit whipping. Princess stood above her
slave with a sadistic leer creasing her lips. She raised the cat high, paused
for effect, then brought it smashing down onto the slave's udders. Piggash
squealed with hurt, but never the less, was able to sob out her gratitude, and
implore her cruel tormentor to punish her tits harder. Princess whipped her
slut's tits in a steady tattoo. The multi stranded whip flayed the reddened meat
with unerring accuracy. The punished slave wailed and howled out her pain and
suffering, and pleaded for more. Princess whipped the tits mercilessly until her
arm began to ache, and she, not her cruelly suffering slave, had had enough.
Piggash was profuse in her thanks to her domatrix, and in her vows to perform
better in future after the whipping had ceased. Tears still flowed freely down
her cheeks after she had resumed her kneeling posture, but her shining eyes, not
to mention the moisture seeping from her cunt split, betrayed her masochistic
joy at the punishment she had just received.

Princess resumed her seat, swung her legs over its arms and swept aside her
leather skirt, baring her divine pussy. She reached out and hooked the head of
her slave in a hand and drew the whore's face into her crotch. Piggash needed no
urging to do what was expected of her, and her tongue eagerly split the lips of
her domatrix's pussy and began to tease her girl prick with wanton skill. Her
Majesty beckoned all of us over to her, hiking up her micro mini, and allowing
her lovely breasts to escape from her top while we crawled over to her.

Her Majesty commanded cuntslut and prettyprick to suck her nipples, and soon two
faces were pressed up against each of her large breasts, and two mouths and
tongues were at work pleasuring her hot, stiff nipples. She sighed with
pleasure, then ordered me to suck her pussy. While I shuffled into place between
her legs, and brought my mouth to her sacred pussy she commented, "You're right,
cockslut, whoreprick does possess as ravishing a prick as I have ever seen. I
think I'll sample it, to see if it tastes as good as it looks! You'll let me,
wont you. After all she belongs to you doesn't she!" Her Majesty teased. With my
mouth already hard at work on the delicious pussy I so adored I found it
difficult to answer, so I just gave her stiff girl prick an extra erotic squeeze
with my tongue, hoping that that would suffice as a positive response.

"You really are a delightful little harlot, cockslut!" Her Majesty giggled. "I
get your message my little slave, and thank you for it!" She then ordered
whoreprick to stand before her. I was able to cast my glance up Her Majesty's
reclining body, between her fabulous breasts, to her face. My heart ached with
desire and longing when I saw her swallow whoreprick's gorgeous prick to the
hilt in her avid mouth. While the rest of her slaves worked tirelessly, and
joyfully for her pleasure the Queen sucked languidly on whoreprick's hot hard
cock. Her thighs squeezed my head tightly when my tongue teased the first climax
from her flowing pussy, and I swallowed her flow with sheer joy and happiness,
then settled down to suck her pussy to another orgasm.

After about an hour I had managed to bring my Queen off four times, and she
finally brought whoreprick off and feasted eagerly on the slut's delicious,
flowing cock cream. After draining the prick completely the Queen called on
whoreprick and I to change places, "Simply delicious, whoreprick!" She said,
"But you've only wetted my appetite for cock juice, and now I must feed my
hunger on cockslut's ball elixir as well. I'm sure that it wont taste as sweet
as yours, whoreprick, but there will be much more of it to compensate!" I
struggled to my feet and whoreprick sank to her knees and took my place between
Her Majesty's thighs and brought her lips to those moist splayed ones nested in
the ruler's crotch.

I stood before Her Majesty, my aching cock rearing up and out from my fork in
front of her face. The Queen teased, just before her mouth engulfed half my
rigid, throbbing stalk, "Are you going to make your Queen work for her feast,
little whore, or are you going to let her feast straight away?" I didn't know
how to respond. To me it didn't seem to matter which way I went, I was on a sure
loser. This, of course, was what Her Majesty wanted, to have me worrying about
what she actually wanted, and, of course, what might befall me if I guessed
wrongly. My cock throbbed wildly when her hot mouth closed over it, and she
began to suck on it with passionate lust. I whimpered in ecstasy. My Queen is
still the most talented cock sucker who has ever sucked my prick, and it was
going to hard for me to withstand her skills for too long anyhow, but I made up
my mind to force her to work, at least a little hard, to get what she wanted,
even if it could cost me a painful penalty.

I stood there, my thighs shuddering with pleasure while I was exquisitely
sucked. My balls ached and ached, and churned wildly as my cream boiled in them.
The other slaves continued to pleasure my Queen with single minded devotion, and
piggash sucked her Mistress with untiring skill and enthusiasm, driving Princess
to climax after climax. I sobbed in ecstasy and my juices streaked up the length
of my pulsating stalk and gushed into Her Majesty's mouth in a torrent of
unbridled pleasurable release. My prick gushed and gushed, and Her Majesty
swallowed as if her life depended on it. The Queen efficiently drained my nuts
of every drop of their juice, and continued to suck on my sated stalk until that
small amount of limpness that normally follows an orgasm had disappeared, and
the long thick pole of lust was fully stiff and hard again.

Her Majesty called, "Enough, sluts!" and we were ordered to line up again.
Piggash was already waiting when the four of us crawled back into position. I
glanced down and noted that whoreprick's cock was only semi erect. Her Majesty
noticed this at the same time, and a frown of annoyance creased her beautiful
features. She fixed me in a cold stare and snapped angrily, "Cockslut, you
dissolute whore! Remedy that immediately!" I leant down and literally tore
whoreprick's gorgeous bottom cheeks apart and drive my long hot tongue deeply
into her arse pit and tongued her with wild abandon, until my wanton actions had
the desired effect, and her beautiful prick was again stiff and proud. "You are
responsible for your plaything, cockslut!" The Queen snapped when I had again
knelt up, "If this happens again it will be you who suffers the consequences!" I
flushed with shame and embarrassment, and even though I rutted my hips obscenely
in an endeavour to be heard Her Majesty was not interested.

The two domatrixes re-arranged their clothing, covering their sated pussies and
bulging breasts, while we continued to lewdly display our own slave bodies for
their continued amusement. "How was your slut, Princess, darling?" Her Majesty
inquired. "A pussy lapper of some promise, Your Majesty. At this stage, what she
might lack in technique she certainly makes up for in enthusiasm. I intend to
begin advanced training in pussy worship for her from tomorrow, and to continue
it until she is a perfect pussy lapper in every respect." The Queen rejoined
with a smile, "Good, I'll try her out when her training is complete. I have to
attend a diplomatic reception this evening. Hours and hours of unmitigated
boredom, I'm sure. What do you intend to do, darling?"

Princess began by explaining that piggash was a virgin, with respect to prick,
in both her arse ring, and mouth. She said that, initially, she had planned to
use me to alleviate these two abhorrent states of affairs, but had now decided
differently, "I'm going to take the whore to the brothel where I'll introduce
her to the delights of hot, hard prick by having her arse pit and mouth both
gang fucked for a few hours in the `House of Orgies'" "Good idea," Her Majesty
agreed, then turned her attention to we remaining slaves, "You four are to be
banished to your quarters for the rest of the day. You'll be happy to know that
Princess has discussed the matter of sleeping arrangements with me, and I have
decided that you may all sleep together. That is not to say that anything goes,
mind you. Today cuntslut and cockslut can educate the new whores in the rules
that will govern their existence. I have only one new rule to impose. Cuntslut
and cockslut may play with their toys to their hearts content when they are
alone, but the toys are not permitted to provide full sexual service to their
owners unless either you or I are present to witness such and event, Princess.
You, of course, are free to impose whatever rules you like on your chattel." The
Queen concluded, standing up and preparing to return to her own private rooms to
dress for he reception.

We were summarily dismissed, and crawled from the room to return to our own
quarters. Princess summoned a car, and took her new slut down to the garage to
await its arrival. Once in our quarters we excitedly introduced our new
playmates to the delights that submission to Her Majesty brought. All rules and
regulations were explained in detail while we ate. After the meal we showed them
the closets full of erotic costumes, and pointed out all the other features of
the apartment. I could contain myself no longer at the end of this mini tour,
and was soon on my knees before whoreprick, my lips kissing up and down the
length of her truly adorable prick with religious fervour, muttering praise for
it in the most endearing and reverent tones.

Cuntslut was not so subtle in her approach to prettyprick. She pushed him down
on our bed and wolfed down the entire length of his delightful cock in one gulp
and was soon sucking on it like a starving waif. She would soon learn to string
out her wanton pleasures I was sure, especially with such an expert tutor in
matters of depraved lasciviousness, as I. Whoreprick reached down and drew me to
my feet, and we moved over to the bed in a warm, sexy embrace. She whispered
that, even if she was not allowed to drain my balls when we were alone, she
wanted above anything else, to taste the virile manliness of my huge prick. We
slipped into a comfortable sixty nine, and I surrendered to my craving to taste
the most beautiful cock in the universe fully, and swallowed its glorious, hot,
stiff length deeply into my worshipping throat. While I sucked my darling
whoreprick's sublime prick with all the sensual devotion and erotic mastery at
my disposal, its delicious flavours flooded my senses and filled my heart with
rapturous happiness. Oh how I loved my Queen for her intimate knowledge of my
wanton needs, and her immaculate skill in satisfying them so completely.

Whoreprick suckled my own pounding prick with equally consummate eroticism,
careful to keep me on the edge of ecstasy, while never quite bringing me off. My
own sucking mouth became increasing more passionate as I fought to control my
need to impart the most divine, and prologued pleasure I could to my darling
whoreprick, with my craving to feast on the sacred, delicious issue of her
marvellous balls. The latter soon got the better of me and my brain exploded in
sheer joy while her luscious prick juices flowed abundantly into my adoring
mouth. I somehow managed to stop myself from immediately swallowing, allowing
myself to roll the warm, sweet cream around in my prick filled mouth so as to
fully savour the pristine ambience of the luscious essence. Once again, however,
I was unable to control my wanton urges, and soon the succulent cream was
sliding down my gulping gullet, and my busy tongue was ensuring that not a drop
escaped my voracious appetite.

Whoreprick's cock soon softened in my mouth, and I willed my own to do the same,
despite the incessant teasing of my darling's knowing mouth. Cuntslut and
prettyprick had long since surrendered to sleep and I too drifted off, with my
head resting on one of whoreprick's shapely thighs, her limp prick still resting
warmly in my mouth and, my nose pressed into the softened orbs of her moist,
musky balls. Whoreprick dozed off with my softened cock still embraced in her
warm mouth. We slept the sleep on slaves entirely content with our lot.

We were woken late that night by the return of piggash. Having slept for a few
hours we, of course, were refreshed, and despite her obvious exhaustion we
insisted that piggash describe her experience at the brothel to us in lurid
detail. Cuntslut, of course, had an idea of what the whore's ordeal had
entailed, having been recently subjected to a number of similar bouts herself.
Piggash told of sucking countless cocks, drinking gallons of ball cream, of
having her tight arse ring speared and stretched by only the largest of cocks in
the establishment. She described how it hurt terribly at first, but then
transported her to slut heaven where her mind yearned for each succeeding
ravishment, only praying that the new cock was bigger, hotter, and harder than
its predecessor. She lost herself in her wanton depravity and explained that her
hopes and desires were being fulfilled beyond her wildest dreams now that she
was, at last, a slave.

Little cuntslut asked the more mature slave why she had remained so virginal
when she arrived at her ultimate submission. In spite of her physical exhaustion
she related her life story to us. Prettyprick rested his face against her
smooth, plump mound while she spoke, and teased her stiff woman cock with the
tip of his eager tongue while she told the story. It happened that she was
married young, into a fundamentalist christian family. Sex was undertaken for
the purpose of reproduction alone. She had not, in fact, ever seen her husband's
naked body, nor had he ever seen hers nude in the ten years that they had been
married. She had only ever been fucked twice, each occasion resulting in the
production of a child.

Then, about a year ago, her life changed dramatically. Returning home from a
choir practice that had been cancelled (It was only to such events that she was
ever allowed to venture out from her home alone) she was abducted by a gang of
lesbian bull dykes. They took her to an abandoned building that served as their
gang's club house and proceeded to strip her nude, then gang rape her. She was
forced to suck their drooling cunts and rancid arse rings while they fucked her
relentlessly with dildos of enormous proportions. At first, she explained, she
rebelled against her rape with all the strength she possessed. Then something
strange and wonderful occurred. Her ravaged cunt began to throb with a strange
pleasure. The drooling juices of the cunt jammed against her mouth began to
taste delicious, rather than fill her with disgust. Then, for the very first
time in her life, her cunt split exploded in orgasm. She explained how she
thought she was dying. Her ecstasy was so intense, and unexpected, that she was
sure that it was the beginning of the end of her life.

The gang of dykes, of course, knew exactly what was happening, and renewed their
sexual assault of her virginal charms. A mouth sucked her strongly erect woman
cock. Another, even more brutal dildo was shoved up her ravished cunt pit.
Mouths chewed at her tender teats while hands smacked roughly at the masses of
her soft tits. A pair of thighs straddled her head but the drooling cunt was not
pressed to her mouth, rather it was poised a few inches away from that target.
The gang had recognised, as soon as piggash had climaxed under their vicious
abuse, that they had a true masochist on their hands, and were determined to
force her surrender to her servile nature completely.

They had soon brought piggash to shattering climax again, but still they didn't
stop. They wrenched orgasm after orgasm from her suffering nudity, driving her
insane with lust. Piggash grinned with lewd excitement while she described her
ultimate surrender by reaching up to the hips of the dyke straddling her head
and drawing the woman's hairy cunt down to her mouth and sucking on it with all
the passion of a born cunt lapper. She went on to describe how the gang
continued to force her utter submission. How they made her tongue kiss their
rancid arse rings to signify that surrender. How they compelled her to kneel
before them and lecherously masturbate her cunt pit with a huge dildo until
orgasms racked her being over and over. The gang played with her for hours on
end until, being sated, they threw her out into the street naked, throwing her
clothes out after her.

She found a tank of water on the site of the derelict building an managed to
clean herself before dressing and returning to her home. The thoughts that
conflicted in her brain during that trip caused her to re-think her life. She
had been torn between her straight laced upbringing and lifestyle, and the sheer
enormity of the sensations that had consumed her while held captive, and
brutally raped by the gang. She explained that over the ensuing months she began
to realise the depths of her unhappiness with her lot. She began to resent the
man who controlled her so coldly, and even the children who had been brought to
treat her as if she were a mere servant. She slipped deeper and deeper into
despair and depression.

After a few more months of this she came to a decision in her own mind. Not
having any experience in being alone in the world this, she explained, was quite
a step into the unknown for her to contemplate. The sensations of submission,
not to mention sexual depravity, that had consumed her on that fateful night
could never be forgotten, and she found that the aching, craving to immerse
herself in such debauched depravity again, slowly became all consuming. She
began to plan fictitious religious events in an endeavour to get out of the
house alone. When her husband agreed to some of these she spent the time
searching for her tormentors. But to no avail. The building she had been taken
to had been demolished, and she had no way of knowing where the gang had gone to
since.

One night she gathered up all her courage and, with money she had been pilfering
from the allocation her husband gave her for housekeeping, went to the red light
district and purchased a set of whore's cloths, much to the amusement, she
explained, of the woman selling, seeing her as an unlikely customer given her
prim and puritanical appearance. As almost an afterthought she entered a sex
shop, and bought a lesbian contact magazine. When she got home she was careful
to secrete her purchases before attending to her domestic duties as if nothing
had changed.

On the next occasion she was permitted to venture out alone she had already
planned her life's adventure. In the magazine, which she had studied when alone
in the house, she had found a lesbian brothel advertised, that catered to the
S&M culture exclusively. The advertisement called for women prepared to work in
the establishment, both as domatrixes, and submissives. The establishment
offered accommodation, as part of the deal, especially for those who were
submissive. It was a great, and awful decision for piggash to contemplate at
that time, and she had anguished over it for weeks on end, before surrendering
to the inevitable. She was surprised to find that, once her mind was made up, it
seemed that an enormous weight had been lifted from her and she instinctively
knew that her fate was sealed. She would accept whatever occurred, for better or
worse. She would not miss her stupid, fanatical husband, or her odious children,
and this she admitted, surprised her greatly, especially in the case of the
children.

The big day arrived. She concealed her whore's clothes in a large hand bag, and
left her stultifying home for the last time. Her spirit soared with a sense of
freedom she had never thought possible for her to experience. She headed
straight for the red light district. Once she arrived she entered a seedy hotel
and found its toilet area. There she stripped off, and dressed in her harlot
finery, a micro mini that barely covered her crotch, a tight satin halter vest
that struggled to contain her large, soft tits, black lace stockings and
suspenders, stiletto healed pumps, and to crown it all, a pair of crotchless
panties. She made up her face with garish cosmetics shivering with excitement at
the wanton sight that reflected back at her from the grimy mirror in the
bathroom.

Piggash then went directly to the brothel, clutching the establishment's
advertisement, which she had torn from the magazine. Her wantonly sexual
appearance attracted plenty of attention from the crowds on the street, but she
studiously ignored the advances being made while she rushed towards her chosen
target. She described how her heart began to pound when the quite obscure
entrance to the brothel came into view. She steeled herself, and boldly went
into the building and found her way to the reception area where a woman of
middle age, and quite sober appearance sat behind what almost appeared to be a
hotel-like counter. Piggash explained how she almost turned around, and walked
out, thinking that somehow she had gone into the wrong place. Nothing about it
looked like a brothel, let alone one catering to the bizarre.

The woman behind the counter, seeing piggash's obviously hesitant confusion,
came to her rescue by asking what she could do for her. Piggash said she
tentatively showed the woman the advertisement, pointing to that area that
promised employment. At this development, the woman, who turned out to be the
manageress of the brothel, became business like, called for another younger, and
more erotically clad girl to take over at the counter, then took piggash into a
private room. In that room piggash was able to offer her services as a
submissive harlot. She explained to the brothel owner that she was new to the
city, and had no where to stay, thus her interest in working for a place that
included accommodation in its employment package. Having established that she
was submissive soon had any and all obstacles removed to her being taken on
immediately, submissives being in great demand. All that remained to be
negotiated were limits, and while piggash agreed readily to the top end of
activities, such activates as those offered at the brothel would have been
described as tame in the extreme, compared to what we in the kingdom were
accustomed to.

Piggash described how she quickly settled into life in the brothel, serving, and
servicing a succession of female clients. Her disappearance caused quite a stir
in the city, and as a consequence she rarely if ever went out of the brothel,
and when she did, it was only at night. In fact, her husband's religious
fanaticism actually inhibited any official search, as he had forbidden that
photographs of her be taken, intimating that such images would only serve to
make her vain. What actually slowly began to disillusion piggash about her new
lifestyle was that, although she immensely enjoyed her sexual submission, and
reacted to her new found sexual wantonness with pleasure and elation, somehow it
was not enough. She craved more, more forced debauchery, more compelled
submission, less freedom, less control of her own destiny, and definitely,
definitely more discipline. The brothel really didn't encourage true sadists as
clients, and punishments dished out to submissives were generally more symbolic
than realistic.

Piggash explained that she approached the brothel owner with her dilemma, and it
was this woman who told her about a sex shop which was actually a front for a
sexual slavery operation. The woman tried to dissuade piggash from pursuing this
course, explaining to her that these people were serious, and once they had you
in their clutches you were theirs forever. This revelation, of course, was music
to piggash's ears. These were precisely the circumstances that she had hoped she
was getting into when she first joined the brothel staff. She stayed at the
brothel for a few more weeks, for `forms' sake, then announced her intention to
leave for a new city. The management was sorry to lose her as she had become
quite popular with their clientele.

Piggash sought out this front organisation, and even before she committed to it,
she knew that it would provide what she needed. She was treated as a slave from
the first moment she made wishes know. She was forced to strip nude and submit
to having a series of the most obscene and graphic photographs imaginable taken
of her for the front's portfolio, then she was made to fill out a questionnaire
of intimate information designed as much, she suggested, to subject her to
excruciating humiliation, as it was to glean information. General information
like sexual orientation (she chose bisexual) and type of owner most favoured
(she favoured a Mistress) was easy. It was when you got to the detail that shame
was inflicted. For example you had to agree, or not, to permanent hair removal,
agree, or not, to circumcision, both for males and females (piggash agreed,
consequently her bare exposed woman cock).

The document also covered the candidate's agreement to body piercing, ears,
nose, tongue, teats, cunt lips (both inner and outer), woman prick, and arse
ring. Piggash agreed to all. Finally, candidates were made to signify both
limits, and body areas available for the infliction of punishment, arse slabs,
arse ring, tits and teats, back and belly, and cunt split. Piggash surrendered
all, and with no limit. She explained that, despite never having been subjected
to any form of strong discipline, she somehow knew instinctively that she would
crave punishment in all forms, and to a degree that would reduce her to
excruciating suffering almost beyond her capacity to envision. The last feature
of the document was an undertaking to forfeit all forms of freedom and human
rights to the candidate's owner once sold, without any hope of reversal.
Piggash, of course, signed away her liberty with alacrity.

Piggash related how her heart pounded, and her brain was filled with dread when
she contemplated endorsing this `contract'. But she knew with awful clarity of
thought that she would do so. In fact she craved the submission that the
agreement forced. She signed the agreement and knelt, nude, and deferentially
presented it to the woman, and thus forfeited her freedom. Next came the scary
part. She was allowed a month to offer her being up to prospective buyers where
she would have a choice as to which she would be sold to. If, in that time, no
buyer she had expressed a desire to surrender to chose to take up her offer,
then she would be sold by the organisation to a buyer of their choice, and would
not be permitted to refuse, whoever was chosen for the sale.

Piggash described how she was installed in a hotel while her `resume' was
distributed on the underground network. She was frequently visited by complete
strangers, invariably lesbian domatrixes, who instructed her in the arts of
slavery, and subjected her to a level of mental and physical abuse that made
what she had experienced in the brothel seem like child's play. She described,
with a dreamy look of sheer contentment shining in her eyes, the first time the
soft undersides of her tits were mercilessly caned, the first time her cunt
split was beaten, how she devotedly tongue kissed the anal pouts of each
tormentor, while pain coursed through her abused body and her heart pounded with
masochistic delight. She explained how she yearned to be sold into slavery, so
that such events became her constant fare in life, rather than isolated
incidents, seen as introductory orientation to the world of submission.

Then came the expression of interest from a princess of Natchez. Piggash
revealed that she had known of the kingdom, although she had only learnt of its
existence after she had signed away her freedom. But she was overjoyed that
someone from there, and especially someone from the ruling class had taken an
interest in her. She gladly undertook the physical preparations required,
complete body hair removal, female circumcision, and full body piercing. This
was how she came to be among us she said, concluding her wonderful tale. Little
cuntslut raised her face from the teat she had been sucking and asked cutely,
"You mean, darling piggash, that your tits have always been this big and this
soft?" Being answered in the affirmative cuntslut concluded, sagely, "Then your
husband, religious fanatic or not, must have been utterly insane!"

This caused a titter of laughter among the rest of us. It was, by this time,
getting quite late, and we were all soon happily dozing away dreaming the dreams
of the contented.

The new arrivals soon settled into the regime at the estate. Life was truly
idyllic for all of us. I could worship whoreprick's gorgeous penis to my heart's
content, and was only too delighted to accept the challenge of always presenting
it appropriately when we were in Her Majesty's presence. Piggash, being so much
older than the rest of us, soon slipped into the role of mother slave,
especially to the youngest slaves, cuntslut and prettyprick. It always filled me
with amusement to see each of them suckling on one of her teats while she
soothed their striped bottom cheeks after they had been punished by Princess for
some real, or imagined misdemeanour.

Princess had forbidden any of us from sexually relieving piggash unless she, or
her Majesty, expressly commanded it, thus piggash's access to sexual release was
as severely restricted as cuntslut's and mine. We all accepted these rules as
good slaves did, never complaining. Besides, when our needs were catered for it
was so much more degrading, and thus satisfying, for us. The gorgeous whoreprick
especially looked forward to such events for they were the only occasions when
she might be given the opportunity to drink from my prick, and activity the
bizarre creature was becoming more and more addicted to with every passing day.

One day Her Majesty swept into our quarters with her face alight with
excitement. Almost before we had time to line up before her she was explaining
the reason for her excitement, "I have them! I have them! Now I will exact my
revenge on them! I will reduce them to a state that will make them aware of
their fall for the rest of their miserable lives! I will never release them!"
She then approached me and cupped my chin in her hand, lifting my head up and
staring into my wide eyes with triumph and elation. "Little cockslut knows who I
mean!" She continued, "He well remembers our past life, before we entered this
kingdom. Revenge will be almost as sweet for him as it will be for me!" She then
stepped back, her excitement and triumph still dominating her thoughts. "You and
I, little cockslut, will be the agents of their submission. All the rest of you
will see it happen, but not participate. I will conduct their `trial' here! I
will announce their sentences immediately! Tomorrow, cockslut, it will all take
place tomorrow!"

With that the Queen swept out of our quarters as dramatically as she had entered
them. As soon as she was gone all the others, including Princess, fell upon me
and exhorted me to explain what was going on. I settled down to give them a
brief history of our Queen and my lives from before our entry into this place.
When I had finished Princess summed it up best when she commented, "I wouldn't
like to be in those two's shoes tomorrow. Her Majesty's revenge will be
something to behold I'm sure!" She then leant down with one hand and, with her
extended finger, wiped up the globule of pre-cum that had seeped from the tip of
my stiff cock while I had been relating my history, and fed her finger into
whoreprick's happy mouth to be cleaned.

"Tomorrow is to be cockslut's special day, sluts!" She announced. "I expect all
of you to ensure that he looks his absolute sluttish best for the event. Be sure
that you don't disappoint Her Majesty, She intends that cockslut play a
significant part in the proceedings, and she expects him to be perfect in every
respect. I'll be along to pick you all up at eleven tomorrow morning, and expect
you to all be ready. No sex what so ever tonight for any of you. Her Majesty has
decreed an orgy following the `trial', and she wants, in her own words, all the
slaves to be as horny as hell!"

Since sexual activity had been forbidden we slaves spent the rest of the
evening, before retiring to our sleeping chamber, attempting to second guess our
Queen in terms of the sentences she would impose on the captive dominants. The
other slaves also gathered together teasing me by not including me in the
circle, and planned my costuming for the trial. Eventually we all went to bed
and, despite the excited anticipation that was rife, surprisingly managed to get
some sleep.

As usual it was little cuntslut who woke earliest, and soon had all of us awake
as well. We took a communal shower, then ate breakfast. Then it was time to
begin the preparations, and the other slaves took me in hand. Firstly they laced
a half corset of pink patent leather around my waist. The supple leather hugged
my body from lower torso to lower belly, and was laced up so tightly that it
took me a little while to adjust my breathing. A frilly, matching frame halter
was placed around my huge tits, and pulled tight. The sole purpose of the halter
was to present the tits it framed in highly erotic manner, sort of like the
ornate frame used to accentuate the beauty of an `Old Master' in and art
gallery.

Hose of sheer pink silk adorned my long shapely legs, the stockings being held
up by a series of pink leather straps that hung from the base of my corset. High
heeled pumps, also of pink patent leather, were strapped to my feet. The heels
were ridiculously high, as normal, but I was, by this time in my life, adept at
walking in such bizarre footwear. Cuntslut and prettyprick giggled like excited
children as they worked on the decoration of my cock and balls. A ball
presenter, similar in both construction and material to the tit presenter, was
strapped around my balls, both separating, and then presenting the fat orbs in
sexy, accentuated style. Prettyprick then tickled the back of the head of my
cock until the stalk of male sexuality had swelled and grown as stiff and hard
as it could get, and stood straight up from my wantonly presented balls. A small
strap of pink leather that was cleverly disguised by the ball presenter was then
wrapped around the thick, hard base of my prick, and tied off just tightly
enough to prevent my erection from wilting.

The slaves stood back and inspected me once they were finished with the costume.
Then they even allowed me to prance and preen before a mirror. I blushed
prettily at the sheer eroticism of my adornment. My fat tits looked so sexy
framed in pretty pink frills. My cock and balls looked deliciously wanton, and
the corset served to draw attention to both my male sexuality, and otherwise
female appearance at the same time. The slaves soon had me in hand again, and
were busily applying my make-up. The predominant colour here too, was pink, pink
lip gloss, pink face powder, pink eye shadow, although accentuated with black
eye liner was carefully applied to my sensual features. Pink body powder was
applied to my tits, arse cheeks, lower belly, and balls and cock stalk, not too
garishly, but just enough to seem to make my smooth skin glow. My hair was piled
up on top of my head and pinned in place. My make-up job was designed to depict
a clash between raw sexuality and demure sensuality, and it certainly succeeded.

The final preparation to be completed was the adornment of my erotically clad
body with jewellery. Three brooches of deliciously obscene design were put on me
first, two on my teats, and the third on my standing prick. The brooches
depicted wide spread cunts, and their pins were shaped like small erect pricks.
These little metal pricks were pushed through the piercings in my teats, and in
the skin behind the fat, swollen, head of my rearing cock and the lewd brooches
hung from each with exquisite obscenity. Earings of cut crystal cocks were
placed in my lobes, and a bejewelled chocker replaced my normal slave collar,
around my slender throat, a pendant hanging from its centre identifying me in
golden script, `cockslut'. Bangles of silver and gold intertwined pricks and
cunts graced both my wrists, and a golden slave ring hung from my nose. When all
the pieces were in place they served to enhance my sheer eroticism immensely.

When I inspected myself in the mirror I flushed with sensuous excitement. I was
a picture of complete and utter submissive erotic splendour. Her Majesty would
be so pleased, I was sure. My companions were also obviously pleased with
themselves, and they fluttered around me, touching up here, adjusting there, and
generally fussing to ensure absolute perfection. They then went and quickly
dressed themselves in their own erotic finery. Princess swept into the rooms at
precisely a quarter to eleven. She let out a cry of sheer delight when she saw
me kneeling submissively in front of the other slaves. "You have done
excellently, my pretties." She exclaimed. "Her Majesty will be so pleased that
her sex animal, cockslut, looks so sexy and submissive."

She quickly completed her tour of slave inspection, then instructed the other
slaves to make their way to the hidden viewing gallery of the main party room,
where the mock `trial' was to take place. As soon as they were gone she drew me
to my feet telling me that I could walk as far as the door to the entertainment
room, so that I would not risk undue marring of my perfect preparations. She
connected an ornately decorated leash to the centre of my bejewelled chocker,
and led me out of the apartment, and off to the party room.

When we arrived Princess tapped me on the shoulder, and I fell to my knees in
response. Princess then swung the heavy door open and we entered the bizarrely
set up room. Her Majesty, dressed in royal, yet highly erotic finery sat regally
on an ornately carved throne, placed on a slightly raised dais, towards the rear
of the room. Her costume allowed her fabulous breasts to hang naked and free,
and the huge orbs were decorated with innumerable fine chains of sparkling
silver and gold. Her skirt was waist to length purple leather, split from hip to
toe down either side, and her feet were shod in high heeled knee length boots.
She wore gloves that reached to her armpits and her face was made up in highly
dominant fashion.

As we approached the raised throne I noticed that the dais it stood upon was
actually stepped, and a large rubber slave mat had been laid out about six feet
in front of it. When we reached this mat Princess tugged on my leash, drawing me
to a halt. I instinctively knew what was required of me, and reared up with my
hands flying to the back of my head, and began to shimmy and undulate my erotic
body for my Queen's enjoyment, and, of course, critical inspection.

"Oh, Princess!" Her Majesty cried in utter joy, her face radiating the pleasure
she felt. "You have outdone yourself, darling! My sweet cockslut looks
absolutely adorably erotic and submissive. The delightful little sex animal just
reeks of pure wanton lasciviousness!" Princess took the Queen's praise in her
stride. It was not that she was selfish in not acknowledging the efforts of the
slaves involved in my preparations, rather that, as the dominant responsible for
slave training and supervision, she considered that it was largely her efforts
that had made us all so proficient in slave activities. Thus she acknowledged
us, even if not actually sharing the accolade.

Princess handed her Majesty her end of my ornate leash while I continued to
lasciviously flaunt my wanton sexuality for my Queen's amusement. My huge prick
swayed erotically, my massive tits shimmied sensually, and my heart pounded with
happiness that my appearance so pleased my worshipped owner. Her Majesty tugged
on the leash, drawing me towards her. I dropped my hands back down to the floor
and crawled up onto the first step of the dais. My Queen leant down and cupped
my chin in one hand, then leant down and passionately tongue kissed me, driving
me wild with excitement. She broke the hot, liquid kiss and smiled lovingly at
me, "You may sit at my feet, gorgeous slut!" She breathed sexily, and then began
to inform me of her plans for the coming proceedings:

"I am going to handle the trial of the female bitch first!" She cried, "Oh,
darling cockslut, what I've got planned for that whore will please you
especially, I'm sure. That fat hag is going to pay for her inhuman treatment of
you, my favourite little slut! Oh how she is going to pay! And pay! And pay!" I
was not sure how to take all this. While I certainly had no residual feelings
for my former Mistress, she was the first to introduce me to the joys of
submission, and for that, I suppose, I would always, in some small way, be in
her debt. Her Majesty, however, harboured no such feelings, in keeping with her
dominant character. The woman had wronged me basely, and thus the Queen herself,
and for that the bitch would pay a terrible, and life long price. My Queen would
be utterly unforgiving, and ruthlessly sadistic in meting out the merciless
penalty.

If I thought that her treatment of my former Mistress was going to be harsh and
unforgiving, I wondered what was in store for her own previous Master. I
shivered in awe at what his fate might be. The Queen's revenge would be
dreadful, I was certain. The man was in for a life of sheer misery if he did not
surrender to the fate Her Majesty condemned him to, and even if he did surrender
to his destiny, his life would be a constant reminder to him of his crimes of
the past. I glanced up at Her Majesty, and my own heart leapt with alarm at the
sheer intensity of the sadistic hatred shining in her eyes. She was gearing
herself up for the enjoyment of her imminent vengeance on those who had wronged
her, and hers.

Her Majesty clapped her hands loudly once. A cone of light brightly illuminated
both the slave mat before the throne, and the throne dais itself. The rest of
the room was plunged into total darkness. It was as if Her Majesty and I were
the only two beings in the universe. The sensation was utterly eerie, and caused
my veins to pulse with an acute adrenalin rush. "Shift your leg up, darling!"
Her Majesty whispered, "Hide you lovely cock from view from the mat!" I did as I
was bid, resting my chin on the top of my knee. The Queen, satisfied that all
was in readiness, clapped her hands once again.

The door to the room opened, and a shaft of soft light revealed a figure on its
knees being urged forward by another one standing behind it. It was obvious that
there was some reluctance to move from the prone figure, and that it was being
urged on by the other one by a means that was, as yet, not apparent to us. The
duo advanced towards the brilliantly illuminated mat a snail's pace. I was not
at first aware of why this was so, but it soon became evident to me. The figure
slowly, but surely inched its way into the light, and onto the mat. My heart
leapt with sheer excitement at what greeted my eyes. I would have been just as
excited, if no where near as inflamed, had the figure turned out to be someone
other that Lotta, my first Mistress.

The woman was completely naked, and her mature, voluptuous body was placed in
the most severe bondage one could envisage, which still allowed for some slight
movement. A spreader bar, fixed at her knees, served to keep Lotta's legs spread
so widely that the tendons in her inner thighs stood out markedly despite the
meaty nature of the thighs themselves. Her ankles were also captured in cuffs
attached to another bar just slightly longer than the one at her knees. A full
arm binder of unyielding leather captured the woman's arms from fingertips to
armpits, and its fingertip end was fixed to the centre of the rearmost spreader,
bending the woman's torso back so that her huge naked tits were thrust wantonly,
if not willingly, forward.

Lotta's mouth was stuffed with what appeared to be a cock gag that stretched her
lips wide, such was its girth. Her throat could be seen to be wildly gulping, no
doubt to keep breath feeding her lungs. A strip of leather effectively blinded
the captive woman, and in any event, prevented her, for the moment from  seeing
her surroundings, or, of course, identifying her captors. The attendant, one of
the perennially black rubber cloaked persons that looked after the estate, stood
behind Lotta, and I saw that he, or she, prodded the captive with an electrical
prodder, in order to move her into the desired position. When he was satisfied
he stepped back out of the light, and someone behind him closed the door.

My Queen and I gazed down at the voluptuous captive. My mind was in a turmoil.
Some remainder of the hold she had once exercised over me seemed to fleetingly
take me back to that time, and fill me with dread. But these sensations were
only fleeting, and were soon swamped by ones of acute excitement, and eager
anticipation. I looked down at the captive woman with growing wanton lust; the
thrust of her still shapely, and enormous tits; the huge meaty teats that capped
those tits, teats that I had worshipped so often with my adoring mouth; the
forest of blonde hair that could not quite hide the thick lipped cunt that had
used to be my reason for being; the limp and hidden woman cock I had worshipped
so fervently.

Her Majesty rose to her feet. She took a long, leather coated rod with a penis
grip in one hand, and my bejewelled leash in the other, then stepped down to the
waiting woman. I crawled down after her and we both inspected the stringently
bound nudity of the former domatrix, Lotta. "It's time we acquainted this bitch
with just what she's got herself into, don't you think, little cockslut?" Her
majesty asked with a sneering grin. She then reached down, and stripped away
Lotta's blindfold. The captive woman blinked her eyes rapidly in the bright
light, until she was finally able to discern her surroundings fully.

Her eyes bugged in terror when she saw her predicament, even though she must
have guessed that it would be something like it actually was. However, I could
see that she had recognised Her Majesty, and the shock of that recognition
caused her eyes to widen in increased horror. The distraught woman had not yet
recognised me, I was sure, as much because most of my body was hidden behind the
Queen at that time, as my new feminine face which had changed just enough to
make it difficult for her to remember, especially as looking at my face had
never been one of her favourite occupations anyhow. It was clear, however, that
she had recognised that she was in diabolical trouble, and her eyes pleaded with
the Queen. If Lotta expected to find any mercy there, then she was in for a rude
shock. Her Majesty reached out with her rod and traced it around the captive's
stretched lips.

"I see that you recognise me, bitch!" Her Majesty commented dryly. "Not that
that is going to do you any good. You've no idea how often I have dreamed of
having you, and that arsehole Frederick, in my power, and now I've got you both!
You are mine, and I intend that you both suffer long and hard for what you did
to piglet and I. In fact, you could say that I intend to subject both of you to
life sentences for you previous deeds!" The captive woman's face reddened, her
chest heaved wildly, and the look of sheer terror in her eyes became even more
marked. Her Majesty then tugged on my leash, urging me around until I knelt in
front of her, rather than behind. She was careful, however, to use her own
flowing skirt to shield my body from just below, my prettily framed tits down,
from Lotta's view.

"Do you like my personal slut, cockslut?" Her Majesty asked the frantic captive
teasingly. Her Majesty reached down and cupped my massive tits momentarily,
before sweeping her skirt aside with a flourish, exposing my achingly stiff
cock, and erotically framed balls to the woman. Lotta's eyes almost popped out
of her head in shock. She had no trouble in recognising the prick that arched
out towards her from my fork. She had abused it basely often enough. The
disbelief on her face, and in her eyes, was palpable. Her Majesty once again
cupped my tits, and caressed them sensuously.

"I see you recognise cockslut's cock, bitch!" My Queen sneered. "He's my
personal slut now, and these," She said, bouncing my tits sensuously, "Are real,
not the fakes you had to use, and the rest of his body I'm sure you'll agree,
looks far prettier now that it is fully feminised. Something you were never able
to achieve, not that you ever had the smarts to attempt it. If there's something
that I could never forgive, bitch, it's the fact that you never really
understood my little cockslut's needs and desires when he was your slave, and so
denied him the joys of real submission and masochistic lust for so long. You'll
pay for that, you can depend upon it!"

Her Majesty then called out to Princess, "Read the charge sheet, if you please!"

Princess stepped into the light next to the throne, her leather bound,
ceremonial book open in her hand:

"The whore bitch, formally know as Mistress Lotta, is charged with slave abuse
of the most heinous nature in the matter of her treatment of the slave, piglet,
known to us as cockslut. In detail the bitch is charged with:

	. Failing to recognise masochism, and thus to cater for it in the slave.
	. Treating the slave with indifference, unforgivable for a dutiful
owner.
	. Abusing the slave's right to servile submission by ignoring him for
long periods.
	. Creating expectation in the slave, then failing to fulfil it.
	. Vindictive treatment of her slave for perceived disloyalty which was
her own fault.
	. Unlawful banishment, and denial of submissive fulfilment.

In short, Your Majesty, this bitch is charged with being vindictive and brutal
in a way that is not acceptable for a domatrix in any sense of that style of
life. She is accused of unacceptable abuse of the privilege of slave ownership."

Her majesty's eyes smouldered with anger and rage. The captive woman shuddered
in terror, knowing instinctively that there was no hope of escape for her. I
could never tell whether my Queen's fits of rage were real, or simulated for the
benefit of whomever they were aimed at. But on this occasion I was sure. Her
Majesty intended to extract complete revenge, and to inflict the most horrendous
of punishment on the unfortunate Lotta. Mind you, the woman deserved all she got
as far as I was concerned. I waited with bated breath for my Queen to react to
the reading of the charge sheet. She fixed the petrified woman in a mind bending
gaze, then began to pronounce her sentence.

"You are guilty of it all, bitch!" She ranted. "More that just guilty,
absolutely without a skerrick of redeeming circumstance. Your performance as a
dominant has been abhorrent beyond redemption. Your vindictiveness, which has
caused untold misery to your slaves, is unpardonable. I now sentence you to
slavery for the rest of your natural life!" Lotta's eyes bulged, and rivers of
tears trickled from them down her cheeks. She was frantic with terror. How could
this be happening to her. Despite her terror her eyes soon began to show
rebellion and resolve. Her Majesty, seeing this, snickered sadistically,
laughing aloud in the captive's face. "If your harbouring any thoughts of
escape, or rescue, you can forget them. We have already staged your death as far
as your friends, and more importantly, the law is concerned. You, along with the
odious Frederick, have already been given a memorial service, and are accepted
as drowned, and taken by sharks following a boating accident."

This viciously delivered piece of news knocked some of the rebellion, and all of
the hope from Lotta's eyes, and her big tits bounced with the racking of her
silent sobs of anguish. "You may think that you will be able to retreat into the
solitude of your subconscious while merely acting out you life as a slave,
bitch, but let me assure you, this will not be the case. You will become a
willing, utterly depraved, and supremely servile slave!" Lotta's head shook
wildly in the negative, but was stilled by Her Majesty's rod, "Oh, yes, whore,
make no mistake about it. You will be broken completely!"

Her Majesty moved around to the rear of my kneeling nudity before continuing,
"You will not be my slave, bitch! You will not even be little cockslut's slave!
You are totally unworthy of being owned by either of us. No, putrid hag, you
will be owned by this!" She cried, reaching into my fork, and grasping the hot
stem of my rigid lust pole. "You will not only be reduced to the status of a
willing slave, but a slave owned body and soul by another slave's wanton, lewd
cock!" Her Majesty announced, in sadistic triumph, to the horrified captive. "I
well remember your rule about the touch of slave cock, or its issue, on your
person, whore! But all that is over for ever. From this point on, if you are
even to be permitted to touch, it will be only slave sex meat. And far from
never having yourself sullied by slave sex juices, from now on, and for ever,
you will be subjected to storms of slave slut juices showering down on you, up
your slattern cooze, up your obscene arse pit, down your gulping gullet. You
will wallow like a hog in mud in the juices of slave pricks for the rest of your
life slave of slave cock."

Her Majesty continued, while Lotta shuddered in horrified terror as her fate was
revealed, "Here, and here," The Queen announced, pointing to Lotta's chest,
above her bulging tits, and above her rotund arse mounds with her rod, "I shall
have your new name, `cockswhore', and status, permanently tattooed here and
here, along with `property of cockslut's prick'. That way all who see you will
know that you are slave to a slave's cock. It's actually more than you deserve,
bitch!" I shuddered with a strange sensation of elation, my brain buzzing with
the sheer debauchery of the Queen's proposition, and whether it would have any
affect on me. I was soon to find out.

"We'll get rid of all this," Her Majesty commented, brushing the tip of her rod
over Lotta's abundant pubic hair, "We can't have a slave bitch's cunt split
hidden from view, even if it is locked up most of the time. Her Majesty leered
down at the terrified former domatrix, revelling in the woman's obvious terror
and humiliation. "You will be utterly subjugated, cockswhore! I shall place you
in the hands of my specialist slave breaking team. Be assured, they are utterly
ruthless and totally merciless! It will be up to you, foul bitch, as to how much
you suffer, before you surrender, unconditionally to your life long fate."

Her Majesty, and I returned to the dais and resumed our positions, the Queen
completed her dissitation on the fate of Lotta, "When my breakers inform me that
you are ready, bitch, then I will permit you to publicly embrace your
submission. This event will take place in my club, `Haven of Slaves' in a
performance designed to illustrate the status to which you will have, by that
time, not merely resigned yourself to, but joyfully, and utterly rapturously
embraced. After your initial submission celebration you will be put to work in
the same establishment. A position will be especially created for you, that of
`slave attendant to slaves' in the slave's rest-room. Masters or Mistresses
wishing to reward their slaves for any reason what so ever, will be encouraged
to send them to the rest-room for such a reward and, whatever the dominant might
decide to allow the slave to experience, you, cockswhore, will provide it to the
slave. There will be a myriad of choices for the dominants to choose from, and
the slave to be endowed will be given a plaque with its particular award
pronounced. The lucky slave will give this plaque to you, and you will fulfil
its purpose immaculately, and with exquisite submission and debauched depravity,
whether it involves the provision of lewd sexual relief, such as arse, pussy or
prick worship, to completion, the offer of your own carcass to sexual abuse such
as arse or cunt split raping, by prick, dildo, or fist, or the offer of your own
carcass to cruel and inhuman punishment such as cunt whipping or tit torment.
Finally, whore bitch, I will graciously allow you, once a month or so, to
publicly reaffirm your submission as a slave to my little cockslut's lovely
prick!"

"Now, take the bitch away, and let her breaking begin!" Her Majesty commanded
the attendant still waiting in the darkness behind the nude captive. Lotta was
poked and prodded towards the door, which had opened allowing a dim light to
show the way. Her Majesty gazed down at me, lounging submissively at her feet
with a cruel grin, "That's taken care of one odious arsehole, now it's time to
attend to the other. I'm really looking forward to this, cockslut!" She said, a
cruel, sadistic glint hardening her violet eyes when she spoke of her former
Master. I shuddered at the thought of what she might inflict on him, never the
less, he would certainly deserve everything he got, I was sure.

It took about five minutes before the door in the distance opened once again,
and we watched as a shuffling shape was prodded along by two attendants this
time. My heart leapt with stunned surprise at what greeted us when the shape
lurched into the cone of light that encompassed the slave mat before us. The
huge, muscular black man was naked, of course, and in extreme bondage. He could
hardly move a muscle anywhere in his body, except for his knees and upper highs,
and these were only able to move so that his painfully slow shuffling could be
achieved without direct assistance from the attendants.

His long, thick cock hung limp and lifeless from his hairy fork, and his large,
crinkled balls showed up as tight dark orbs at its thick base. His mouth was
gagged with a cock gag, complete with a set of rubberised balls which rested on
the captive's chin. The top of these balls was actually open, allowing liquid to
be poured into them, and through the prick gag down the man's throat I presumed.
His eyes flashed with mad fury. None of the terror that Lotta had displayed
here. Frederick would have killed all present if he were able and would, no
doubt, attempt that action if we ever lowered our guard before his spirit was
fully broken. The attendants and trainers would need to be especially vigilant
with Frederick.

Her Majesty, of course, was quite beside herself with sadistic satisfaction.
Frederick had been her owner, and had abused his responsibilities as an owner of
slaves most grossly. It was he who had sold her, as the slave sow, to the
Mexicans, condemning her to a life of suffering and humiliation, but also of
denial, without a second thought. Her revenge on him would be both terrifying,
and terminal. I almost felt sorry for the pathetic male, but not quite. Her
Majesty tied my leash to the arm of her throne, then rose and approached the
bound chattel. The look in his eyes when recognition of who had taken him hit
home as something to behold. His eyes bulged, and the veins on his shaven skull
pulsed wildly, as if he were about to have a heart attack, which, of course,
might have been the case. The look of sheer hatred had no effect on Her Majesty,
rather, it increased her pleasure. She was going to enjoy seeing this creature
broken and, if the truth be known, she hoped that it would not be achieved
quickly. Her Majesty wanted the odious brute to suffer and suffer, before he
began a life of depraved submission to which his broken spirit would be
admirably so suited.

The regal Queen inspected the captive from both front and rear, slowly,
revelling in the man's helpless captivity, and his obvious rebellion against it.
She then began to speak in a voice laced with vengeful gratification:

"You, you utterly despicable pig, are to suffer a fate immaculately matched to
your crimes. A dominant who treats slaves with the disdain that you demonstrated
should never be permitted to own them. Slaves have only one right, and that is
to suffer the delights of their submission. No dominant has the right to
actively deny a slave that need. You, you dissolute swine, will be sentenced to
slavery, of the basest level imaginable, for the rest of your pathetic
existence. You will spend all of your days as a slave in my own personally owned
brothel. Your life long task will be to suck cocks, and cocks alone. You will,
never ever again be permitted to sample the delights of females. Your teeth will
be removed so that your mouth's submission to the hot stiff pricks it worships
will be utterly servile, and with stringent training, immaculately depraved!"

Frederick's eyes blazed in shocked horror at what was in store for him, but this
soon turned to sheer terror when my Queen, leering down at the shuddering
prisoner mockingly, continued:

"The nuts hanging at the base of your stalk are to be removed. I will not have a
cock sucking slave whore like you retain the ability to experience sexual relief
of any but the mental kind that will accrue to you only when you have embraced
your destiny, and have surrendered to it completely!" Her Majesty tapped the
limp tube of the terrified Frederick's limp cock, "This, of course, will shrink
dramatically once these," She added, tapping her rod to his bulging balls, "Have
been removed, and your tits will grow markedly, especially as I will have you
treated with the strongest of female hormone courses. To demonstrate that I am
not entirely heartless, although, you contemptible hog, in no way deserve such
consideration, I will allow you to experience one last explosion of sexual
ecstasy before you are de-nutted if, and only if, you offer the nuts to me in
abject surrender, and beg me to have them lopped off so that you can begin you
new life as a slave cock sucking whore. If you do this small thing I will permit
you to kneel before me, and my slaves, and pull yourself off one last time, but
only after you have begged for such a favour, of course!"

Frederick's ebony nudity was literally shuddering with horror by this time, but
still Her Majesty had not finished brutally taunting him, "No doubt," She
continued, "You will have recognised the cock of my little slave, cockslut,
although wondering how what you are seeing is possible. He has changed a little
since you last saw him, hasn't he?" She added with a chuckle as she walked over
to her throne and untied my leash. She then led me down to where the panic
stricken slave knelt in his bondage.

"You will, of course, clearly remember the day you stripped him of his arse pit
virginity. Since you had never allowed yourself to be fucked so perversely(and I
presume that is still the case), deeming such an activity to be below your
dignity, I shall have him remedy that oversight immediately. In fact, I shall
kill two birds with one stone with respect to your haughty dignity and
ridiculous perceived superiority." Her Majesty then announced, turned her
attention to me and grinned lasciviously, "What do you think, little cockslut? I
know that you share my extreme distaste for this hog, but I'm equally sure that
you will not deny me the pleasure of seeing you fuck his repugnant arse pit long
and hard, will you?" I must admit that I actually found the prospect repulsive
but, never the less, tinged with a feeling of sensual satisfaction. It would be
like a kind of poetic justice. Frederick had fucked me for my first time, and
had helped to reduce me, at that time, to the obscene slut that I became. It was
only fair and just that I return the favour, now that he too was to be reduced
to mindless slavery. Needless to say, I quickly assented to my Queen's obscene
request, although making sure that I entered into the spirit of the event by
feigning the utmost reluctance. My cock, however, betrayed my real feelings by
visibly pulsing, and leaking profusely.

Her Majesty chuckled knowingly, "You are such a slut, cockslut!" She cried, "You
cannot help yourself, can you? Even though you pretend to be disgusted, your
drooling prick betrays you once again. Well, get on with it, lascivious harlot,
and make the pig feel every second of his violation. After you have flooded his
odious arse tunnel with your cream I have one more surprise gift for the swine
to enjoy. I don't know why I'm being so good to the despicable creature. I
suppose it's because I'm such a softie, really!" She concluded, obviously
enjoying her cruel teasing of her former owner.

My heart pounded with barely suppressed lust while I shuffled around to
Frederick's rear, and knelt behind his vulnerable arse slabs, split so obscenely
wide by his severe bondage. I reached down and grasped my hot stem in one hand,
and brought its leaking head to the knotty ring of the captive's arse. I wasted
no time with preliminaries, and pressed the hot cock head into the stretched
open arse pout. I drew a deep breath, then thrust my hips forward violently. The
fat head of my aching cock forced its way past the man's tight sphincter,
tearing it apart with relentless force. Inch after inch of my throbbing stem
then thrust its way into the hot, tight chasm. I grunted and heaved with effort
until my smooth crotch touched the captive's ebony arse slabs, and my entire
length was buried up his writhing arse tunnel.

Frederick's whole body shuddered with what I supposed was sheer revulsion at
what he was being subjected to. I would like to suspect that some small area of
his consciousness welcomed his rape, and who's to know, perhaps it did. I didn't
know, or care really. My pulsating prick was filled with wanton pleasure while I
savoured the exquisite sensations the hot, tight arse pit imparted. Then I
slowly began to pump it in and out of the hot pit, and I revelled in the
delicious pleasures that began to assail me totally. I lost myself in the
depraved delight, forgetting myself completely, until the snapped anger of Her
Majesty brought me back to reality.

"Rape the hog, cockslut! Your not here to give him pleasure, but to violate him,
like the hog deserves!" I sobbed with sorrow at having allowed my own pleasure
to over ride the wishes of my adored Queen. I reacted instantaneously, and soon
my throbbing cock was literally flashing in and out of the captive's arse pit.
Plunging in to the hilt with each inward drive, and withdrawing to the tip with
every outward movement. After about ten minutes of relentless ravishment my
prick began to pulse with the coming of orgasm. My mouth gaped wide in lewd
elation while I continued to rape the man's writhing arse hole, and my massive
tits rose and fell on my slender torso while I fought for breath.

I squealed with pleasure, and my own body trembled in ecstasy, while my pounding
prick exploded. Stream after stream of pungent, hot ball juice gushed from my
erupting cock, and splashed deeply into the shocked captives writhing arse pit.
I flooded him in an absolute deluge of prick juice. It seemed as if my climax
would last forever. My balls flexed wildly as they emptied themselves
completely. It was as if my balls themselves had entered into the spirit of the
event, and were determined to shed more juice in one orgasm than they had ever
done before, to add to the prisoner's extreme humiliation.

I was literally sobbing with joy the whole time my ecstatic prick spat. I gazed
up at the broadly smiling domatrix in utter adoration, and complete wanton
helplessness. I had no control over my lewd response, and she knew exactly what
I was going through, and it pleased her immensely. She just loved to witness her
slaves debasing themselves so completely before her, to see them surrender so
completely to their own depraved debauchery. It demonstrated, of course, the
depths to which a slave would sink in his yearning to please his Mistress, and
this aspect of erotic submission was easily the most enjoyable to Her Majesty,
being the consummate hedonist that she is.

After what seemed to be an indeterminate length of time my spurting prick began
to exhaust its pleasure. My breath came in enormous gasps as I began to come
down from the mindless high I had existed in from the moment that my cock had
released its first powerful jet of ball cream. My spent prick remained stiff,
despite the violence of my orgasm, and I could have sworn that, when I withdrew
the stalk from the captive's thoroughly ravished arse pit, the ravaged ring
actually squeezed the escaping pole, as if trying to stop it from escaping the
clutches of the flooded, brutally violated hole. This involuntary action on the
part of the disgraced and humiliated Frederick served, of course to clean the
majority of the cream from my emerging cock shaft as it escaped from its own
brand of erotic captivity.

Her Majesty, as soon as my prick was finally fully free, commented jocularly
that my obscene rutting had certainly spoiled my lovely, sexy costume, and that
she would have to think about punishing me for allowing this to happen. I
flushed with delicious shame at her mocking criticism, and was about to rut my
hips in an endeavour to be permitted to beg her to administer such a punishment
without mercy. The Queen was not interested, however, and cut my ambition short
by announcing that second gift she had alluded to earlier was about to be
administered to the thoroughly humiliated captive:

"Cockslut, you lascivious little whore, get your snout between the swine's arse
slabs and suck your cream from his fetid arse chasm, but don't you dare swallow
it!" I blushed with shame at the sheer obscenity of the order, but never the
less, knelt again behind Frederick and lowered my face towards the target. My
cheeks burned even more as they encountered the warm moist flesh of the
captive's arse split, but my lips were soon pressed firmly against the slightly
slack pout of his arse ring. I sucked strongly at the orifice, drawing huge
quantities of my own cock cream from that dark crater. I sucked and sucked,
having to concentrate fully against the urge to swallow. My cheeks began to
bulge hugely. When I could no longer draw any more cream from the arse pit, not
perhaps, because there was no more to take, but more because it became
physically impossible to fit any more into my mouth, I slipped my face from
between the man's arse crack.

Her Majesty giggled gleefully at the bizarre sight I must have made, with my
cheeks bulging grotesquely, and my lips struggling to keep themselves closed to
stop any of my huge mouthful from dribbling down my chin. "Well, little slut!"
She exclaimed, "You certainly must have enjoyed ravishing this odious swine
judging by the amount of juice you obviously sprayed his arse with." She drew me
around to the front of the prisoner and I was able to see his eyes once again.
The look radiating from the dark orbs had changed subtly, from unrepentant
rebellion to horrified realisation that he might be irretrievably lost. While
they did not signify acceptance, they did seem to contain a hint of tacit
resignation.

Her Majesty reached down and manipulated the rubber testicles that rested on
Frederick's chin until the opening in them was pointed upwards, then signalled
to me to empty my perverse mouthful into the cavity. I poised my lips carefully
over the small opening, then allowed my lips to un-purse, and a rich flow of sex
juice dripped into the waiting balls. The prick juice dripped from my gaping
mouth, filling the cavity to almost overflowing, before my mouth was finally
emptied of all the pungent, arse seasoned juice. I allowed myself the small
pleasure of allowing my tongue to clean all that remained inside my mouth, and
to allow that residue to slide into my throat to be avidly swallowed.

The Queen grinned down at me, seeing me indulge myself in that small way, and
allowing it to continue while magnanimous petting my head. She then turned her
attention back to the terrified prisoner. She sneered down at the man, seeing
that he was vainly keeping his throat locked to prevent the perverse liquid from
sliding down his throat. With a chortle of derision she reached down and pinched
his nostrils between two of her fingers. This, of course, cut off the man's
breath, and it was only a matter of time before he would be forced to swallow
the sex juice just to allow himself to breath once again.

It was entertaining to watch the captive struggle with his own revulsion. He
certainly had no desire to humiliate himself further by drinking the male sex
juice but, of course, he had no choice in the end. We watched with cruel
contentment, while Frederick's throat bobbed wildly, and he drank the debauched
issue. Her Majesty ensured that he was not permitted to breath properly until
every drop had been drained from the rubber testicles, and he was, in fact,
still attempting to swallow when there was nothing left. She then relented, and
allowed the captive to gasp huge breaths into his oxygen starved lungs.

Her Majesty then led me back to the throne, and seated herself comfortably. She
then addressed the prisoner for the final time. "Now, foul pig, that's just a
taste of what's in store for you, although I will never again permit you to
experience the joy of being fucked by glorious, hot, stiff cock. I will now
deliver you into the loving hands of my slave trainers. You will remain in their
care until you have surrendered to your fate, and are ready to serve me as a
whore. Remember, hog, it will be your choice alone as to whether your prick is
permitted to spit a final time before you are de-balled, and put to work! I will
only ever set eyes on you again if you choose to accept this reward" She then
motioned to the two attendants to remove the captive.

We watched as Frederick was pushed and prodded from the room. I didn't feel in
the least bit sorry for the man. He fully deserved all that he was going to get,
after all, he had treated my worshipped Queen so despicably. As soon as the man
had left the room Her Majesty looked down at me, crouched submissively at her
feet, and smiled in contentment. "I can't make up my mind as to whether I'm
pleased, or annoyed by you, little slut. You should have experienced a sense of
fulfilment when raping the hideous Frederick, I fully realise, but I'm not so
sure that you should have so completely lost yourself in your own perverse lust
while doing so!"

I struggled to my knees, and commenced to rut my arsehole tainted prick stalk at
her in utterly depraved abandon. She gazed down at my lecherous display for a
few seconds, then allowed me to speak. I grasped my hands firmly behind my head
and, if it were possible, shook my huge tits even more lasciviously, and rutted
my aching cock and swollen nuts even more lewdly for my Queen's pleasure, then
squealed out my obsequious pleas to my adored owner:

"Oh divine Majesty, my heart is filled with aching sorrow at having caused you
even the merest hint of irritation. I beg you, adored Majesty, have these fat
tits that I flaunt so lewdly thrashed savagely! Have this lecherous, and wilful
prick stalk whipped unmercifully so that I may pay for my villainy! Please!
Please! sacred ruler, I implore you, have my sluttish nudity punished with the
utmost severity, and exquisite cruelty, so that I may learn never to displease
you ever again!"

The cruel sovereign smiled coldly down at my fawning nudity, and made her
decision, "No, cockslut, I think not. I believe that if I were to have you
punished for this little performance I would be playing right into your hands,
you lascivious little animal. A more fitting punishment is in order, I think.
You are forbidden, for the course of one week, to taste the prick of your new
toy. That will punish you much more than a mere bout of pain and suffering, and
will last much longer, of course. A much more appropriate penalty, I think." I
could only marvel at my owner's understanding of my submissive psyche. She knew
that I would revel in any pain inflicted, and so denied me that sensation, but
she was also clever enough to realise that my heart would ache with longing, and
break with sorrow whenever I gazed on the lovely prick of the delicious
whoreprick, knowing that I was prohibited from tasting it for all that time,
especially when I was made to witness the other slaves enjoying what I was
denied.

A tear trickled from the corner of my eye after she had announced this
punishment, and it gave the sadistic domatrix great delight to have hurt me so
beautifully. She rose from her throne and led me from the room. I crawled along
behind her as we headed off towards the slave quarters. She dropped me off, and
I entered the rooms to find that my fellow chattels had already arrived home.
Sweet whoreprick was beside herself with sympathy for me, because of the
punishment I had earned. Not even for an instant was her compassion tinged with
the fact that the sentence might actually be as harrowing for her, as it was for
me, for she was also to be denied the erotic delights of my mouth on her
gorgeous cock, but purely because she knew how much I adored making passionate
love to her lovely stalk.

The voluptuous piggash knelt in front of me an began to wash my cock with her
hot wet tongue, cleansing it of the residues of the recent arse fucking it had
been engaged in. Cuntslut, ever the imp, teased the kneeling slave woman by
insinuating that her actions had little to do with personal hygiene, rather
because Princess had given her permission to have me arse fuck her as well, and
she couldn't wait for it to happen. This was probably true, given the lewd leer
with which she gazed up at me after she had completed her self appointed task.
She then made a scene of pleading with me to honour her so:

"Darling cockslut, my Princess has granted me permission to be fucked up my
whore arse by you if you will consent to honour me by agreeing to do so. None of
the multitude of pricks that so fucked me at the brothel was anywhere near as
big and hot as your marvellous cock, and I yearn to feel it plumbing the depths
of my yearning arse crater with all my heart! Please! Please! Darling cockslut,
please say you'll do it! Please say you'll ream out my hot, harlot arse pit with
your magnificent stiff prick! Please, darling cockslut! Please!"

How could I refuse such a heart rending supplication, and I readily agreed to
comply. However, I was quick to remind the group that Her Majesty had ordered an
orgy to follow the `trials', and we might be called to this at any moment. My
fears were quickly allayed by the excited piggash, who informed me that the orgy
was not to take place until the evening, so we had plenty of time. Perhaps I
should also have not been so eager, because cuntslut giggled with glee when she
informed me that it was Princess' unalterable decree that, if I agreed to
piggash's supplication, then I would be forced to fuck her non stop for three
hours, and I was to come in her arse at least five times before I would be
permitted to remove my prick from her chute. I shuddered with lecherous
pleasure, even though I was quite tired, and my cock had shed so much of its
juice when it had exploded in Frederick's virgin arse tunnel.

Little cuntslut went on to explain, in her own excited fashion, that she was to
be allowed to be piggash's arse cleaner both during, and at the completion of
that slave's marathon arse fucking. The two playthings were also reasonably
happy because piggash was to be permitted to suck them both off, continuously,
while her lewd arse pit was thoroughly fucked. The newly submissive whore was
beside herself with wanton lust crazed happiness. She immediately took up her
posture, on all fours, her huge udders flopping down to the floor, and her large
smooth arse slabs raised high, widely split in open invitation.

Cuntslut wriggled her nude body under that of piggash so that her face was below
the slut's smooth crotch. No doubt that lewd little whore would content herself
with feasting on piggash's drooling cunt split until my spurting cock provided
her insatiable mouth with a more depraved target. Piggash swayed her bottom
cheeks lewdly, and exhorted me, "Fuck my arse hard, sweet cockslut! Fuck it
deep! Fuck it forever!" I crawled around behind her, leant my face down into her
yawning arse split, and tongued her arse pout thoroughly, until it was wet and
well loosened, and ready to receive my cock stalk.

I reared back, positioned the blunt head of my cock at that intimate aperture,
and drove it home in one full stroke. I trembled with pleasure while the slave
whore's tight hot arse sleave hugged my deeply buried prick lovingly, and the
skewered harlot shrieked in sheer wanton ecstasy. The cute cuntslut squealed in
lust, "Lewd cockslut, your huge shaft has cleaved piggash in two. I can't
believe how stretched open her arse ring is. It must hurt soooooo goooood! Fuck
her hard, cockslut! Fuck her harder! I want to see you fuck the whore's tight
arse deeper and harder, and faster, cockslut!"

Needless to say I could but endeavour to accede to the impudent little sex
slave's lewd cajoling. My huge, throbbing stalk of lust plunged in and out of
piggash's gradually loosening arse ring with long full, and relentless strokes.
For her part, once she had overcome the shock of the initial invasion, piggash's
mouth was soon dividing its lascivious attentions between the two lovely, stiff
pricks that were being waved before it by the sluts, prettyprick and whoreprick.
Despite my own sexual frenzy I was still able to feel pangs of jealousy when
piggash's mouth swallowed those gorgeous cocks, especially the exquisitely
beautiful one of my own darling, whoreprick.

Little cuntslut kept up a constant commentary on the action, between her tongue
lapping at my swollen balls, and piggash's drooling cunt split. I sobbed out my
pleasure while my aching balls shed their first load into the depths of
piggash's arse tunnel. At the same time I saw the whore's throat swallowing
wildly while prettyprick's cock spat its elixir her welcoming throat. The wild
undulations of piggash's svelte arse heralded that she too was climaxing, as a
result of her arse reaming, or cuntslut's clever tongue, or, perhaps, a
combination of both.

There was no interruption to the action resulting from of orgasm, either through
diminishing will, or sexual exhaustion. My prick, as usual, barely softened at
all, and was soon shafting the now sloppy arse pit with renewed vigour. Piggash
continued to suck cock with passionate abandon, and cuntslut continued to give
us all a graphically sexual commentary on my prick's quest, after her soft
little tongue had finished lapping up the rank juices of our orgasms. Climax
after climax was drawn from both piggash and I, until the required number had
been completed, and we collapsed in a sweating heap of sexually exhausted bodies
on the floor. After an hour or so we all rose up, and wandered off to the
bathroom to enjoy a long hot shower.

The orgy that followed was a normal bout of depraved sexual excess where we
slaves worked tirelessly for the pleasure of the two domatrixes. We were allowed
release ourselves, either as reward for our efforts, or when one or both
domatrixes wished to enjoy the sight of a slaves' bodies convulsing in pleasure
while being engaged in a sublimely debauched activity. When I say the orgy was
normal I say so in the sense that all bouts of sexual excess at the estate were
always prolonged quests in sexual depravity to outdo the last such event in
terms of sheer depravity, and lecherous carnal extravagance.




Chapter 21 - Two Surrenders

As it happened Frederick and Lotta both surrendered to their fates at about the
same time. Lotta was first to signify her submission by a mere couple of days.
However, while her public humiliation was still being carefully planned,
Frederick's capitulation also occurred. This upset our plans a little,
especially as he had elected to experience orgasm one more time before his
castration. Her Majesty was reluctant to alter the timing for Lotta's public
disgrace. It was I who solved the dilemma for my lovely ruler. I suggested that
Frederick did not deserve to be seen to surrender in public, but rather, he
should do so before Her Majesty and I alone, with the other slaves, and
Princess, of course, as witnesses to his yielding. If this were to be the case
then we could `process' him at our leisure.

Her Majesty was reluctant, at first, wanting her former owner to suffer as much
as possible, and in her mind this naturally involved very public humiliation.
However, the merits of my suggestions were also apparent, and eventually won her
over. Frederick's ceremonial acceptance of his lot was thus scheduled to take
place the night before the already planned public submission of Lotta. The
playroom was set up for the ceremony with Her Majesty's throne, and the slave's
submission mat the centre pieces. I was again to be placed at Her Majesty's
feet, as her human pet. An alcove was set up to one side of the room for the
`witnesses'.

Over the preceding weeks, leading up to the final surrender of Frederick, Her
Majesty frequently inspected progress towards his breaking, or, should I say,
had him brought before her so that such progress could be monitored. We slaves,
at least those of us with pricks, quite looked forward to these inspections as
they normally involved at least one of having our balls emptied into the
captive's gag, for him to be forced to drink. At first having him drink the
aromatic sex cream still required that his nostrils to pinched, as had happened
on the first occasion, but after a while this action was no longer necessary,
with the captive drinking the issue with steadily increasing eagerness, much ,
of course, to the Queen's delight. After a few weeks the captive was even able
to be brought before us in minimal bondage, demonstrating his growing compliance
with his fate. The captive had been appropriately named `pricklapper' after the
first day, and had even began to acknowledge that debasing form of address as
time went on.

On the occasion of Frederick's, or should I say pricklapper's, formal submission
I was not ornately decorated, merely dressed in the mandatory hose and heels,
and otherwise nude. Her Majesty was dressed in a scarlet leather mini dress with
hose and heels. The other slaves were dressed, or should I say, undressed, in
normal estate costumes, and Princess was adorned in a leather and lace
combination that had seemed to become her norm after a while. She had become
enamoured with the sensual quality of supple leather around her waist, and
limbs, while favouring the erotic sensations of satin and lace on her breasts 
and sex. To that end she had had numerous ensembles created for her in this
style.

As soon as everyone was in place the Queen loudly clapped her hands. The huge
entrance doors swung open at this signal, and a group of figures moved slowly
into the room. There were the two attendants who had had responsibility for the
breaking of the slave, the King's castration team which consisted of a doctor,
and a male slave nurse, and, of course, the newly broken slave himself. The
attendants were positioned on either side of the shuffling slave, while the
medical team brought up the rear. The slave was naked, and on hands and knees
with his head bowed low. His body had been completely denuded of all hair from
the top of his head to the tips of his toes, and his ebony skin shone with the
liberal application of body oil.

Once the slave's body was positioned on the rubber matting before Her Majesty's
throne, he stopped moving, and waited to be acknowledged. Her Majesty gazed down
at the utterly subjugated male with an expression of pure sadistic satisfaction
on her beautiful face. This was revenge at its best, and she was determined to
enjoy it to the fullest extent possible. She made the cringing man wait for what
seemed and age before her cruel voice snapped out:

"Well, pricklapper, before you are de-nutted, you have been granted one final
act of free choice, whether or not to spit your cock scum one more time. Have
you decided, pig?" She demanded. The slave nodded his bowed head to signify an
answer in the affirmative. "Get on with it, then!" The Queen snapped
impatiently. The huge, black, hairless slave reared back onto his knees
immediately. His long thick cock was strongly erect, and arched up and out from
his splayed open fork lewdly. His balls, naturally enormous, were hugely
swollen, and thrust out from the base of his shaft like tight black canon balls.
Her Majesty had ensured that the slave was incessantly sexually teased
throughout all the weeks during which his spirit was being broken. She somehow
knew that he would choose to to be permitted to climax that one last time before
he was castrated, and she wanted the event to be as humiliatingly spectacular as
humanly possible.

The humiliated slave stared up at his cruel tormentor with a strange light
shining from his dark eyes. I recognised it immediately as the gaze of a
commensurate submissive. There was not the slightest hint of rebellion left in
the ebony skinned man. It was not that his eyes were dead, or resigned even, but
rather they were ecstatically accepting. If I had not seen it I would never have
believed that the man who had once been the fierce, arrogant, egoistical
Frederick could have been reduced to this fawning creature displaying his
sexuality so lecherously, and shamelessly, before us. I glanced up at Her
Majesty, and saw that she wore a wide grin as she leered down at her former
owner, who suddenly opened his mouth, and cried out his servile joy to his
sadistic tormentor:

"Worshipped Majesty, owner of my being. I beg to be permitted to offer these,"
He cried, his fingers presenting the swollen orbs of his balls to the seated
Queen, "to you to have removed so that I may begin to serve you as a whore with
no rights and privileges. This is not a fate that I merely deserve for past
crimes, but a destiny that I yearn for more than life itself. It is not for me
to choose, adored Majesty, if the scum bags are to spit again, before they are
sliced off, but for you to decree it so, should you desire to witness them shed
their putrid offal one more time!"

The Queen almost chuckled, such was her glee at the slave's servile utterances.
He had been utterly broken, and trained to perfection. She was so delighted with
the outcome that she had already decided she was going enjoy the sight of the
slave's prick spitting one last time. How to achieve this in the most
entertaining fashion was the only question. "I am certainly going to see your
slug vomit for the last time, whore!" She cried, "But how to achieve it, that is
the question. Shall I have you fat nuts whipped until you spurt? Yes, that's the
way to go!" She was about to instruct one of the attendants, when the doctor
made a sign that he had an objection to the plan. Her Majesty irritably asked
the medical man to explain himself, and was disappointed to hear him say:

"I'm sorry, Majesty, but you didn't ask that the slave's balls be mounted in a
trophy for you. I have to warn you that having them thrashed like this so close
to their removal will badly damage the quality of the memento they will make."
The Queen thought about the ramifications of what the doctor had said for a few
seconds, then looked down at the slave with an air of mocking consternation, "I
suppose you're right, doctor," She said, "I guess I'll have to think of another
way to bring the whore off, although I'll guarantee it wont be as exciting for
us, or the slave, as the whip flaying his fat nuts would have been." The
domatrix thought for a few more seconds, and then called to her partner in
domination, "Princess, if you please, prepare your piggash so the bitch can tit
fuck the pig. I've decided that his prick may as well be made to spit through
the agency of another, as by his own hand." She then turned her attention to the
doctor, and commanded him to place the slave in the castration bondage she had
discussed with him earlier.

The doctor and his slave went to work. Princess retrieved the three required
items to prepare a slut for a bout of tit fucking from a storage cupboard. She
attended to piggash's arms first, enveloping them in a full binder that caused
each one to bend at the elbow to allow the forearms to be tied together. When
she had finished the slave looked as though she had a square leather handle
behind her back, in place of arms. Then Princess went to work on her slut's
floppy tits. She placed a velour harness around the woman's torso and tightened
it so that it could not slip. The harness had one large elastic ring at its
front, and this captured both piggash's udders around their bases. It was not
tight enough to cause the soft mounds to harden, or become less pliable, but
served merely to ensure that they stayed squashed lightly together at their
bases. The slave's huge tits were then drawn together at their tips by their
thick rubbery teats, and a large metal ring was broken open and run through each
of the teats' main piercings, then re-locked. This of course, served to keep the
soft, floppy udders together at their apexes.

While piggash was being prepared the doctor was attending to pricklapper. His
legs were fixed to a spreader, and his arms encased in an armpit to finger tip
sheath of tightly laced leather. A ring at the fingertip end of the sheath was
then tied savagely to the centre of the spreader bar. This caused the slave's
torso to be bent backwards. His head was then encased in a rubber discipline
helmet completely covered his skull, but left his face bare. A cord threaded
trough a ring at the apex of this helmet was then also drawn down to the centre
of the spreader bar and tied off tightly enough to ensure that pricklapper's
face pointed straight up towards the ceiling. Finally a short metal bar, with a
flat metal pad at one end, was fixed to the spreader. The pad was positioned in
the centre of the slave's lower back, and the length of the bar was increased by
means of a screw type adjuster until pricklapper's crotch was thrust outwards as
far as physically possible. This, of course, caused his stiff cock to rear up
defencelessly, and also presented the fat orbs of his balls in an utterly
vulnerable and defenceless fashion.

The doctor obviously took considerably more time to prepare his charge than
Princess had, so she took the opportunity to enhance piggash's preparations in a
most wantonly perverse manner. I shivered with lewd delight while watching this
final act of delectable depravity. Princess ordered prettyprick to stand in
front of the kneeling piggash. She then commanded cuntslut to wank his stiff
prick to orgasm, spilling the cream into the fleshy crevasse between piggash's
large soft tits. Cuntslut went about her task with eager gusto. Soon her little
fist was flying up and down prettyprick's throbbing shaft, and the slave was
panting with anticipation of his impending pleasure. Prettyprick squealed in
ecstasy when the clever slut's fist finally brought him off, and his abundant
essence spurted from the tip of his spasming cock, and splashed lavishly down
onto the waiting tits.

While all this was taking place my Queen drew my crouching nudity closer to her,
and reached down and cupped my balls in one of her gloved hands. She
rhythmically squeezed the tender orbs while watching the action among the other
slaves, giving them an especially firm squeeze while prettyprick's prick was
spewing. I revelled in her attentions, and rested my face against one of her
leather clad thighs, kissing it adoringly. Her Majesty was obviously happy with
my subservient reaction, and soon she was using her other hand to lovingly pet
my bowed head, while continuing to toy with my aching balls.

Once prettyprick's climax was over cuntslut busied herself ensuring that the
fleshy crevasse between piggash's tits was liberally lubricated with the slimy
sex cream by driving her fist between the tits, over and over. While cuntslut
was busy doing this Princess, with the finger of one hand scooped small
quantities of prick juice from piggash's tits, then painted prettyprick's
lovely, smooth balls with his own musky mixture. She continued this until his
softened eggs shone with a liberal coating of the sticky man cream.

Finally all was in readiness. Princess led her slave over to the captured, and
severely bound pricklapper, and positioned the whore on her knees before him.
The slave woman's bizarrely presented tits were poised in front of pricklapper's
arching cock stalk. Princess then rejoined the other slaves, and prodded
whoreprick until her delicious prick was poised right next to prettyprick's
crotch. Princess then delicately took whoreprick's beautiful prick in her
fingers and began to slowly, and sensuously masturbate it, keeping its lovely
flaring head pointed at the other slave's already sticky balls.

I watched Princess in envy, my own achingly stiff cock pulsing in sympathy with
the erotic actions of the beautiful domatrix. "Begin!" The Queen commanded.
Piggash reacted as if shot by a gun. She swung her shoulders in a wide arc, and
her mountainous tits rose high, then flopped down over the rearing erection of
pricklapper. The slave's long thick cock speared between the flying tits until a
couple of inches of it protruded above the soft udders which had closed around
it. The slave then began to shake her shoulders with steady and relentless
vigour. Her actions caused her massive soft mounds to fly up and down,
masturbating the cock trapped between them with exquisite erotic licentiousness.

I watched piggash work with awed excitement. It was so deliciously licentious to
her tits so wantonly wank the other slave's throbbing shaft so lecherously.
Pricklapper was certainly going to remember his final orgasm for a long time,
and with sheer delight, I was sure. He could never have been so lewdly pleasured
in all his previous experience. The tits flopped up and down in a steady rhythm,
incessantly, driving him towards climax. Piggash seemed tireless. Her tits rose
and fell in long strokes, massaging the cock stalk with delicious depravity.
Soon pricklapper's chest was heaving with the extent of his sexual rapture. His
mouth gaped wide, revealing his toothless gums, while he almost sobbed out his
wanton bliss.

Pricklapper's thigh muscles began to knot, and his shiny black belly visibly
trembled as his pleasure began to peak. I watched, fascinated, my head still
resting against one of my Queen's leather clothed thighs, while his huge prick
pulsed mightily, and a stream of creamy white juice spurted from its tip, arcing
up towards the ceiling, before splashing down onto the soft masses of piggash's
flying tits. Spurt after spurt gushed from the pleasure soaked cock, and I
watched while each gush caused the slave to sob with extreme ecstasy. Piggash's
tits kept up their wild flopping movement all through the slave's shattering
release, his juices bathing her udders in the warm wet shower.

At the precise time that pricklapper climaxed Princess' clever fingers brought
the gorgeous whoreprick off, and her sublime elixir bathed prettyprick's smooth
balls with a fresh coating of prick juice to join that with which she had
previously painted the tender orbs. Pricklapper's stormy climax finally waned,
and piggash's tits were stilled. The dribbling cock of the sated slave still
stood stiff and proud, its fat head, and a couple of inches of the stem
protruding above the drenched tits of the slave woman. Both slave's chests
heaved as they fought to regain their breaths.

At a signal from the doctor piggash heaved her torso up, her tits relinquished
the prick they had just masturbated to orgasm, and the slave woman crawled off
back to the other slaves. As soon as she arrived whoreprick and cuntslut fell
upon her and began to lap the cock drool from her udders. The doctor, after
looking inquiringly at the Queen, and getting her approval, began to prepare to
castrate pricklapper. I don't now whether the still gasping slave fully realised
what was about to happen to him, or at least fully comprehended the import of
his fate. The doctor had quickly unpacked the tools of his bizarre trade and
again looked to the Queen to signify that he was ready to proceed.

Her Majesty stood up, leaving me tethered to the throne, and wandered down to
the waiting duo. She smiled sadistically down at the slave, and was gratified to
see that he gazed up at her adoringly. He was truly broken, and this pleased Her
Majesty immensely. To let the subjugated male know that she was pleased with his
submission she informed him that she was going to allow him to receive yet
another reward, to be enjoyed by him while his balls were actually being
removed. She beckoned to prettyprick, who crawled over to the group as bidden.
When he arrived Her Majesty motioned for him to stand, which he did. He was then
ordered to straddle the upturned face of the ebony slave, a position which had
his cock juice soaked balls hanging down above the ebony slave's gaping mouth.

"While the doctor de-nuts you, swine, I am going to permit you to worship this
slave's lovely balls, and to feast your scrawny belly on the slave ball scum
that they have been bathed in. You know that you don't deserve such a gift, hog,
but I'm not the heartless brute that you used to be, and so I grant you this
small boon, What do you have to say, pig, before I order the procedure to be
completed?" I shivered with sympathetic terror. My Queen was truly going to make
pricklapper suffer right up to the end, and I wondered how he would react to
this latest display of inhuman cruelty by our regal owner. I must admit,
however, I was not all that surprised by the nature of his response.

"Oh, adored Majesty, I am unworthy of the gifts you lavish on my unworthy being.
I beg you, my Queen, take my balls now! Make me wait no longer! I yearn to
surrender them to you! I long to begin my life as your slave!"

The Queen chuckled with glee at the chattel's servile eloquence, then returned
to her throne. She sat down again, reached down into my crotch and cupped my
swollen balls, "Proceed, if you will, doctor!" She commanded. Slave prettyprick
lowered his groin a few inches, and allowed his dripping balls to be enveloped
in pricklapper's hot wet mouth. The slave sucked at the hanging orbs with
consummate submission, no doubt thrilling to the delicious flavours of
whoreprick's mouth-watering cock cream. I felt a pang of jealousy at what he
must have been savouring, but even I would not have denied the slave this small
bequest, given what he was about to lose.

All sounds, save those of the slave's sucking mouth ceased. The doctor injected
pricklapper's crotch with two anaesthetic injections, then produced a scalpel.
He placed a small medial dish below the man's splayed open crotch and then, as
we watched in absolute awe, he sliced the balls of the slave off at their base.
The severed eggs fell into the bowl with a clear plop. The doctor quickly
sutured the resulting wound stopping the bleeding instantly. He then placed a
black surgical tape over the area completely disguising it. When he had
finished, and stood back, pricklapper's cock was already beginning to collapse,
but not quickly enough to hide the bizarre sight of his ball-less shaft base.

Pricklapper obviously realised that the operation was complete, and he
reluctantly allowed prettyprick's balls to escape the loving embrace of his
mouth. The young slave's balls were clean and shining, but now with
pricklapper's saliva, rather than the ball cream of whoreprick. As soon as his
balls had been relinquished prettyprick returned to the group. The doctor went
about freeing pricklapper from his bondage, then he too retired into the
background.

The castrated slave knelt submissively before us, his eyes glowing with an
almost ethereal fervour. He leant down and took the dish containing his severed
balls in his hands, and shuffled right up to the throne dais, and reverently
offered the balls to the Queen, crying as he did, "Oh, adored Queen, I beg that
you accept these, my balls, as a memento of my complete and utter surrender to
you!" The Queen leant down and took the dish from the fawning chattel with a
broad smile on her face. "Take this whore away!" She snapped with sheer disdain,
"I will not look at its facade again!"

The attendants quickly took charge of pricklapper, and he was led from the room,
and off to his life long abode, where a life of cock sucking awaited him. I
almost felt sorry for the man, but in a small way, even envied him. After all,
he was going to suck delicious cocks, and drink the succulent cream from
countless balls, for every waking moment of the rest of his life. Surely that
was a fate that a slave could die for. Her Majesty, peering down into my eyes,
guessed what I was thinking, and said with a mocking laugh, "Would you like to
join him, little cockslut? I'll bet you would, you incorrigible slut! But such a
fate is not for you. I like playing with these, and watching them vomit too
much!" She concluded, giving my aching balls a painful squeeze.

I could not keep anything from my Queen. It was terribly embarrassing that she
knew all of my secret fantasies, even as I was having them. I turned my face
into her leather cloaked lap, and snuggled it into her crotch, as if getting to
her royal pussy, might allay my shame. The Queen chuckled at my reaction,
reached down and lifted my head from her lap, swept her leather skirt aside,
then allowed my face to descend once again. My lips were soon pressed to the
warm, smooth fleshy ones between her svelte thighs, and my senses were dominated
by the marvellous fragrance of her stunning sex.

"Give me a long, sensuous, and complete suck, little slut!" she whispered
excitedly, "Watching the pricklapper surrender so completely to his fate has
made me as horny as hell!" As my long tongue delicately split those gorgeous
lips, and my mouth was flooded with the delicious flavours of aroused female
sexuality, my Queen called to Princess, "I'm sure you're as horny as can be as
well, Princess, darling! Why don't you take all of the rest of the sluts back to
their rooms, and play with them for the rest of the day." Princess, needless to
say, was quick to agree to this idea. It had been some time since she had used a
group of sluts to pander to her lusts. She stood and began to lead the four
slaves from the playroom when my Queen added, squeezing my aching balls
savagely:

"On your way, darling, drop in to the trainer's quarters, will you, and send a
punisher to me. Have him bring a ball whip with him. I was denied the pleasure
of seeing the pricklapper's nuts flayed to gushing agony for my entertainment,
so I'll substitute those of my little cockslut. He'll just love to suffer that
punishment to fulfil my desires, wont you my sweet whore?" I shuddered with joy,
and dread, and drove my tongue deeply into the cruel domatrix's pussy sleave,
and lashed its silky walls with its tip by way of showing that my balls existed
to suffer, if it were my Queen's desire to see them cruelly abused.

While the group exited Her Majesty stroked my head and whispered lovingly, "You
are so deliciously submissive, my darling slut. I love you so, you know that
don't you? You are so delightfully eager to please your Queen, and would submit
to any brutality if she desired it, wouldn't you? I adore you my little
masochist, and will satisfy your primal urges with utterly pitiless efficiency
forever. Doesn't that make you feel gorgeous? Doesn't that fill you with joy and
happiness, little slave, to know that your ravishing body will be forever
subjected to the most exquisite of agonies so that you may dwell in masochistic
paradise, while at the same time, knowing that you are giving your domatrix so
much sadistic gratification." Her pussy sleave squeezed my deeply buried tongue
with almost feral intensity while she whispered her praise and love patter,
filling my heart with happiness. The tip of my tongue sensuously lashed the
mouth to her baby cave in utter adoration.

"You do adore me when I make you suffer, don't you darling cockslut? You do lose
yourself in worshipping adulation when I subject you to shame and humiliation
for my amusement, don't you, sweet whore? Your existence is still utterly
dedicated to submission to my whim, isn't it, precious harlot? These want, above
all else, to suffer excruciating agony for me, don't they, cherished trollop?"
She appealed, giving my balls an extra cruel squeeze, causing the tender orbs to
ache ferociously. I sobbed into the drooling folds of her pleasure soaked pussy,
and slowly withdrew my tongue from the writhing depths, only to wrap it around
the erect spike of her throbbing girl prick, to squeeze that steel hard spike of
female sexual ecstasy with almost feral abandon.

I relentlessly drove the consummate sadist over the edge, and into sexual
paradise. Oh how I adored her exquisite cruelty! Oh how I longed to suffer for
her! Oh how all consuming was my love for her! I lived for my Queen! My body and
soul had been surrendered to her for all time, and I revelled in that immaculate
submission. My heart pounded with the intensity of my emotional response. My
exquisitely talented tongue wrenched the first shattering orgasm from her
flowing sex, and my heart was bursting with devotion while I drank my fill of
the rich juices that flowed from her gushing font.

Even before her climax had run its full course my tongue was back at work,
teasing and cajoling the next peak of pleasure from my gorgeously cruel
domatrix. For her part, the Queen gasped for breath, panting wildly after the
orgasm had demolished her self control for that short time when her ecstasy
overshadowed all else. I wallowed in my slavish pride, knowing that it was I who
was solely responsible for that delighted reaction. I had brought my Queen to
her pleasure! I was fulfilled! "That was simply superb, you clever, clever,
little harlot!" Her Majesty gasped, "I thought I was dying from sheer ecstasy!
You are soooo Gooood at sucking pussy, darling slut! Sooooo Goood!"

I basked in the appreciation shown by the ruler, and my busy tongue lashed her
stiff girl prick with renewed fervour, driving the shuddering girl over the
edge, and into the abyss of sexual peak once again. I lapped at the flowing
cream again, drinking it down with the joy of a fanatic. Just as my ever eager
mouth was bringing Her majesty to her third cataclysmic peak the door to the
room opened, and the cruel punisher entered. He stood on the mat before us, and
watched his sovereign slip into sexual ecstasy with no apparent reaction to the
tableau of debauchery of what greeted him. He was trained to punish, and his
concentration always remained focused on that duty alone.

Her Majesty slowly came down from her third sexual high, and noted the presence
of the punisher. She gasped for breath while using a hand to lift my head from
her splayed crotch. I experienced pangs of acute disappointment when my mouth
was denied contact with her drenched pussy. "Not to worry, sweet slut, it will
be waiting eagerly for you after you have suffered. It will be filled with a
fresh reservoir of juices for you to suck for, I have no doubt. Now, off you go,
and make it exciting for your Queen, little darling."

I crawled down from the dais, and over to one of the cupboards against the far
wall. When I had retrieved the item I sought I made my way back to the slave
mat, and the merciless punisher, my heart pounding with a mixture of sheer
masochistic lust, and terror at the thought of my coming ordeal. I knelt,
submissively, before the muscular, rubber clad torturer. My eyes took in the
huge, rubber clothed penis that arched stiffly from his groin, and my heart
fluttered with fright at the whip he held in his right hand, a three foot long
inflexible rod at the business end of which hung three, three inch long silver
linked chains, each capped with a tiny, spike covered metal ball the size of a
marble. I could only dream of the agony this vicious weapon would inflict on the
sensitive meat of my tender balls.

I leant down and quickly fixed the tiny strap I had retrieved around the base of
my ball bag. I drew the strap tight, causing my swollen orbs to swell even more,
but more importantly, to bulge out from the base of my rock hard shaft in
utterly vulnerable, and defenceless fashion. My tits rose and fell on my torso
while I drew in huge breaths in an endeavour to still my pounding heart, then I
made my fawning supplication to the merciless punisher, as much to pander to my
own burgeoning anticipation of masochistic jubilation, as to delight my Queen:

"Most revered punisher, I prostrate myself before your merciless magnificence,
and offer the fat orbs of my swollen, aching balls to your vicious whip with
immaculate submission. My adored Queen desires to see the hot scum whipped from
my slave balls, and I yearn to suffer this agony for her amusement. I beg you,
fabulous punisher, whip my tender nuts with all your strength. Show me no mercy
while you flay my balls with immaculate viciousness. Thrash my wanton pills with
pitiless brutality! Lash my delicate orbs with ferocious ferocity! Pound the
bloated nuts with ruthless barbarity! I implore you, splendid punisher, whip my
balls until they gush their juices so that my Queen may revel in my submission
to her glory!"

By the time I had finished my awful entreaty my chest was heaving with
uncontrollable emotion, my blood was boiling with eerie craving, my tendered
nuts ached and ached with the need to be immersed in exquisite agony. I couldn't
wait for my stupendous ordeal to begin. I clasped my hands behind my head, and
thrust my fork out to the impassive tormentor, and willed him to begin whipping
me.

The awful man raised the vicious whip high over his head, paused for effect,
then brought it flashing down towards its waiting, defenceless target. My squeal
of unadulterated agony rent the silence of the room when the spiked balls
smashed savagely into the tender meat of my excruciatingly sensitive balls, and
fabulous agony filled my being. My mouth gaped in shock when the whip smashed
into my pain soaked nuts again, well before the trauma of the first stroke had
begun to ebb, and as the fresh pain surged through my body I was momentarily
struck dumb. The cruel punisher warmed to his task, and soon the whip rose and
fell with relentless velocity. The spiked balls smashed into my balls with
unerring accuracy, and with a force and savagery that seemed to increase with
each stroke so mercilessly delivered.

Stars of agony exploded in my brain rendering me blind with anguish. My
fabulously suffering balls swelled and throbbed and ached with a ferocity that
belied description. Tears filled my eyes and tricked down my cheeks in a never
ending flow. My thighs knotted, my muscles ached, my tits heaved, and my throat
convulsed, all completely beyond my control. The cruel punisher seemed to be
tireless. He flayed my balls until they bled profusely, then took a deep breath
and thrashed the dripping nuts even harder and more viciously.

Somewhere in the very recesses of my brain a sensation of immaculate euphoria
began to spread, burgeoning outwards until it dominated my every sensation. My
steel hard prick began to pulse wildly, its fat swollen head flaring mightily. A
shrill squeal keened from deep in my chest and exploded from my gaping jaws as a
stream of pale cock cream seemed to leap from the tip of my erupting cock. The
stream of juice shot up from the cock head rising high above my kneeling nudity.
It seemed to pause at the apex of its flight, then splashed down onto the floor
before me. I existed in a state of ecstatic rapture, my fabulous agony magically
transformed into inconceivable ecstasy. After the initial explosion my prick
seemed to recoil before the second ejaculation erupted from its tip in perfect
timing with the smashing of the still savagely wielded whip into the flexing
meat of my dreadfully tormented balls. Six more powerful explosions rocked my
reeling nudity, and six more streams of steamy cock cream flooded from the
spasming head of my erupting prick.

I was not even aware that my climax had exhausted itself, and even that the
vicious whipping I was enduring had ceased. I seemed to be suspended in a state
of unearthly bliss. My whole body was alive with only one thing, my anguish and
suffering, and the masochistic ecstasy that controlled my existence. I was still
throbbing with ecstasy when the spell that had gripped me was broken by my
Queen. The stunning sadist had come down from her throne and stood before me.
She had removed her skirt, and she drew my tear streaked face into her crotch,
and lovingly fed me the succulent meat of her flooded sex:

"Feast, gorgeous slut! Feast on the essence of your Queen!" She cried excitedly,
while my mouth sucked wildly for the luscious pussy cream flowing so profusely,
and so unendingly from that marvellous sex. My Queen continued to heap praise on
me, and, to my undying happiness, expressing her deep and eternal love for me,
"Oh, darling cockslut, I love you more than life itself, and always will, you
sweet, sweet, adorable slut! I came and came while you suffered so exquisitely
for me. My pussy gushed and gushed precious slave, and it's all for you! Gorge
yourself on my pussy spending, gorgeous harlot of mine! Oh how deliciously your
poor little pills suffered for me! How splendidly your lascivious prick gushed
for me, you ravishing masochist. You know that I only have you so cruelly
tormented so that I can reward you with the delights of feasting on my
sexuality, don't you. You know that I have such divine agonies inflicted on you
to satisfy your slavish cravings, and my own sadistic demands, don't you my
darling, darling slut!"

I drank at the font of my owner until my belly seemed to swell with a surfeit of
rich creamy pussy juice. My long tongue swept the juices from the pussy with
infinite adoration, then plunged eagerly into the depths of the pussy sleave in
a vain quest for more. I even insinuated its wriggling tip between her
voluptuous bottom cheeks form time to time, to get at the overflow that had
trickled into that sacred crevasse. I wallowed in the slowly ebbing pain that
slowly diffused in my savagely whipped balls. The magic powers I retained from
the realm soon had all the cuts and gashes caused by the spiked balls healed,
and my cock was once again achingly stiff, an undeniable response to the
bountiful sex banquet my Queen was feeding me.

My Queen finally reached down and drew me to my feet. She kissed me with
passionate lust, her tongue licking away the remnants of her own sex from my
cheeks in licentious manner, then she made my heart sing with sublime happiness,
"Sweet, sweet, darling slut, tonight you will sleep in my bed, and we will fuck
and suck to our hearts content. I love you so, and am so pleased with you that I
want us to fuck like rabbits all night. I want your gorgeous prick up my pussy,
up my arse, and down my throat, dear whore" I pressed my massive tits against my
Queen's leather cloaked ones in a passionate hug. My heart soared with
happiness. Oh how I looked forward to a night of unbridled sexual lust with the
most beautiful woman in the universe. How was it possible for a slave to be so
generously treated by his owner. I was the luckiest slave there has ever been!

"Come, sweet, harlot," Her Majesty breathed, finally breaking our blazing kiss,
"I can't wait to get at you!" She grasped me by my achingly rigid cock, and led
me from the room towards her quarters. We entered the plush apartment and Her
Majesty's body slaves, the gifts from the King, immediately attended to her
disrobing, then left at the command of the Queen. We fell into her huge beg and,
almost before our bodies hit the satin coverings, my long, thick cock was buried
deeply in the velvety sleave of Her Majesty's splendid pussy. "Fuck me hard,
sweet whore!" She cried in wanton lust. My own passion certainly made that lewd
demand a pleasure to fulfil, and soon my pleasure filled prick was pumping
sensuously at her, and we lost ourselves in our pleasure.

Throughout the night we pleasured each other tirelessly. Her Majesty sucked me
to spitting climax over and over; I fucked her slowly and languidly in both
pussy and arse; fucked her wildly in both holes as well; I sucked hers, and my
own rich cream from both her holes after my spewing cock had flooded them with
it over and over. On and on it went. We lost count of the number of shattering
orgasms we drove each other to. We seemed totally insatiable. We just couldn't
get enough of each other, and were still enjoying one last languorous fuck as
dawn broke. Almost as soon as my ever thirsty mouth had sucked up the flowing
juices the Queen drew my head back up and tenderly kissed me:

"You know that we cant do this often, don't you my darling? Just on special
occasions when I'm particularly pleased with you. Now off you go, and no
boasting to your little friends. In fact, just to keep your opinion of yourself
in perspective, you are to suck each of them off as soon as you return, and you
are to have this," She instructed, her hand encompassing the stalk of my semi
limp prick, causing it, despite my physical exhaustion, to stiffen yet again,
"sucked off by your playmate, whoreprick. I will warn Princess of your duties
while you are on your way."

I rose from the bed and padded my way over to the door. As I opened it my Queen
called out with one last instruction, "Don't forget to crawl, sweet slut, just
in case you are seen by members of the staff. Mince your lovely bottom lewdly,
and swing your gorgeous tits lasciviously, so they will know that you are
nothing but a debauched sex slave, even if you are my favourite one." I blushed
prettily, and my heart beat wildly at such high praise from my adored Queen.

Once out in the corridor I slipped to hands and knees as instructed, and began
to crawl off towards the slave quarters. My mind was filled with emotion while I
crawled along, my arse slabs rolling and my massive tits swaying, in keeping
with my station in life and, of course, in deference to my ruler's instructions.
As it happened, at that early hour in the morning, I met no other person on my
quite long trip back. This didn't mean that I allowed the licentiousness with
which I moved to wane, even in the slightest. I loved to flaunt my sensuous
submission, even when alone and unseen.

I entered the apartment to be greeted by the sight of cuntslut, piggash,
prettyprick, and whoreprick, all completely nude, lined up on their knees, their
thighs spread wide, and their sexes already showing obvious signs of arousal.
Princess, dressed in a flowing robe, stood behind the line up of sexy
submissives, ready to supervise my servicing of them. She smiled down at me as I
minced my way over to the group, "Be quick, little harlot, for we are tired
after our all night orgy, and we all want to be well rested for the celebration
of cockswhore's submission tonight, don't we?"

I knelt before the voluptuous piggash first, and bent my head down low, pressing
my face into her hairless fork. My gaping mouth closed over her hot, moist cunt
split, and my senses were submerged, completely, in the aromas and flavours of
highly aroused female sexuality. I sucked the hot, stiff stalk of her woman cock
deeply into my mouth and tongue whipped it with abandoned licentiousness. My
busy tongue lashed the throbbing stem with erotic intensity until the woman's
body shuddered with pleasure, and her hips gyrated wildly. She squealed out her
joy while her cunt split exploded in orgasm, and she fed my thirsty mouth with
an outpouring of rich spicy cunt cream. I slurped down her issue with elation
and satisfaction, cleansing her moist folds of every tasty drop.

I moved on to darling cuntslut next, and subtly changed my method with her. I
drove my long tongue into her silky cunt pit to the maximum, and used it to lash
the pulpy walls of her sex tube with feral intensity. At the same time I used my
upper lip to buffet the stiff shaft of her throbbing girl prick. The lust filled
slut was no match for my erotic talents and, although I was sure that she was
vainly attempting to draw out her pleasure, soon her sweet cunt was surrendering
its succulent juices to my avid mouth in an eruption of sexual ecstasy.

The young prettyprick was my next target. I engulfed the entire length of his
strong, young prick in my hot, wet mouth, thrilling to the virile flavour of man
sex, or in this case, boy sex. The drooling head of the throbbing cock fitted
comfortably into my gulping throat, and I used it to massage that knob of
aroused sexuality with all my skill. My tongue washed up and down the length of
prettyprick's pulsating shaft, driving him relentlessly to his climax. I sighed
deep in my chest when his luscious cream gushed into my throat, and its sensuous
flavours overwhelmed my senses. I drank his outpouring down with eager gusto,
relishing its warm creamy ambience, but already, my mind was filled with the
prospect of worshipping my whoreprick's beautiful prick. I had, of course, saved
the best til last.

I crawled to that lovely creature, my lips, sticky with a mixture of male and
female sex, curved in a lascivious smile, and my eyes radiating the adoration
and deep love I felt for this delightful sex animal. I tenderly kissed the tip
of her beautiful, beautiful, beautiful prick with tender devotion, over and
over, before finally surrendering to my craving urge to engulf it completely
into the warm depths of my worshipping mouth. My heart beat with intense joy
when her gorgeous lust pole was fully cramming my ecstatic maw. I sucked
passionately on her juicy prick with wave after wave of pure erotic delight
flowing through my kneeling nudity. Unlike the others, I allowed myself to eke
out my darling whoreprick's pleasure so that she could wallow in her delight for
much longer, before my own intense yearning to savour the sheer joy of drinking
her luscious ball cream became to much for me to bear, and I sucked her with
absolute passion until she erupted in my mouth, and bathed it with those
scrumptious juices. I drank the wonderful prick dry, allowing not a single drop
to escape my eager hunger.

I don't know if the other slaves were jealous of the special attention I
lavished on my whoreprick. If they were, they didn't show it. I suppose they all
realised just how much I adored whoreprick, and especially her fabulously
beautiful prick. Princess banished us to our bed chamber, announcing that
whoreprick could suck me off there before we all slept. The other slaves were
permitted to assist whoreprick in her pleasuring of my cock. Soon we were all
lying on our huge stain covered bed. Whoreprick's hot mouth closed over my stiff
cock, and she took half of it into her gaping maw, and began to suck on it with
exquisite sensuousness. Cuntslut and prettyprick each closed a mouth over one of
my teats, while their hands languidly caresses the mounds of my tits. Piggash
contented herself with lapping erotically at my balls while she thrust a finger
deeply into my hot arse pit.

I lay back and wallowed in the lascivious teasing of my fellow slaves, but soon
all my concentration was on the sensations overwhelming my throbbing cock.
Whoreprick's clever, loving tongue was driving me relentlessly towards my
inevitable orgasm. The gorgeous harlot sucked me with such passion that it was
beyond my capacity to resist for long. I squealed softly when my prick finally
exploded, and a flood of my aromatic ball cream splashed into my whoreprick's
loving mouth. The devoted slut milked my balls completely dry, and swallowed
every drop I helplessly surrendered to her.

When whoreprick was absolutely certain that she had drained every last drop from
my softening prick she shimmied her lovely nudity up my exhausted body and
crushed her lips to mine. I tasted the unmistakable flavours of my own sexuality
on her wriggling tongue while she drove it into my mouth to duel sensually with
my own. The other three slaves settled into their own warm and loving embrace,
as had become their want when we slept, cuntslut and prettyprick each tenderly
nursing on one of piggash's rubbery teats as they all drifted off to sleep.
Whoreprick's pert tits squashed warmly into my own lush udders, and our mouths
remained crushed together until we too dropped off into deep sleep.

We were aroused from our slumbers early in the evening by an excited Princess.
She herded us into the bathroom and were soon busily washing each other and
shampooing our hair. All thoughts of the exhaustion of the previous night were
forgotten in the excitement, and anticipation of the evening to come. We had
not, as yet, ever visited the Queen's own club, the `Haven of Slaves', and were
all looking forward to doing so immensely. This, of course, was not entirely
true. I had obviously visited the club before being taken by the agents of the
realm, and whoreprick and prettyprick had both attended that establishment as
they had both lived in the Kingdom all of their lives. But none of us had been
there since we became slaves to the newly crowned Queen.

All the other slaves were dressed in erotically submissive adornments of the
most exquisite style. Tits were bare, but sensually decorated to accentuate
their beauty and wantonness. Cunt splits had their lips painted, and sexy
jewellery hung from the golden rings that pierced them. Pricks were rendered
permanently rigid, then decorated to enhance their erotic lewdness. Lewd jewelry
hung from nose rings, ear lobes, teats, and adorned necks and wrists. Faces were
made up with harlot like lasciviousness, to compliment spike heeled footwear,
and smoky stockings. They all looked so sexy that I was envious when my own
costume was brought out.

I was to be completely covered in thin black rubber, with only my cock and
balls, and the spit of my arse to be left naked. Even my massive tits were to be
contained in that sensuous material, even my face. My body was liberally
powdered before attendants that Princess had summoned to assist her, worked the
rubber suit onto my body. I stood while they worked the suit onto my legs and
arms, and encased my torso and tits in it. A full helmet enveloped my head with
slits for my eyes, and small breathing holes at my nostrils, and at the centre
of my mouth. My hair was drawn through a small hole in the apex of the helmet,
then brushed out into a lustrous pony tail.

My feet were shod in patent leather pumps with ridiculously high heels, and it
took me a few minutes to get used to walking, and even merely standing, in them.
I was required to practice this as the ceremony required that I stand for some
of it, rather than being on my knees. I managed to sneak a glance at my
bizarrely clad body just before Princess lined us up ready to go down to the
garage. I flushed hotly under the tight rubber when I saw what I looked like.
The body suit fitted me like a second skin. No feature of my body was disguised
by the thin covering. It hugged my huge tits perfectly, even my stiff teats were
shown in perfect relief, as though I were black, and my body was still nude,
rather than almost entirely clad. The contrast, of course, was my naked prick
and balls which stood out starkly against the ebony rubber which hugged them
right at the base of the sex cluster. Additionally, there was a strip of white
from the base to the top of my arse crack, about an inch wide.

My soft cock twitched as the erotic, bizarre nature of my adornment sunk in to
my mind. I willed the shaft to remain limp, however, as I knew that it would be
required to stand proud for an extended period during this night. Princess,
happy that all our preparations were perfect, led us from the apartment, and
down into the basement garage. We were all allowed to walk as she had no desire
to risk accidentally marring our appearances un-necessarily by having us crawl.
The stretch limousine was already waiting for us when we arrived, and we were
allowed to travel with Princess, in the plush cabin of the luxury vehicle. Her
Majesty had already left before us.

The big car glided along the road while we all knelt before the seated Princess.
The trip was made in total silence. The only thing happening in the cabin was
the heightening of out sexual excitement, the closer we got to the city. By the
time we arrived, and the car was driven around to the rear of the club, all we
slaves were showing the signs of obvious sexual arousal. The pricks of all the
males were stiff and hard, and the cunt splits of the females lined with
glistening moisture, their girl pricks beginning to show prominently in their
sex gashes. Teats, of course, had long since stiffened to throbbing rigidity.

We were shepherded into the club by the attentive Princess, and were soon
gathered in the dimly lit rear of the club's stage. I was able to peer out into
the club and see that a crowd had already gathered. There was something weird
about the crowd, however, there were numerous members of either sex, all dressed
sumptuously, and erotically. I recognised a few of the people present, the negro
owners of the cafe we frequented, a couple of managers and owners of other
establishments, and a few other luminaries I had been exposed to since we
returned to the kingdom. His Majesty, of course, was there, accompanied by the
normal group of leather clad personal protection men.

Then it hit me, there was not a single slave in evidence. The attendants behind
the long bar, and waiting on the guests were all dressed, albeit, erotically. I
would have expected, for a celebration that was planned to last deep into the
night, that there would have been numerous slaves about, to attend to the sexual
needs of the dominants, not to mention, to cater to their sadistic tendencies. I
watched as the crowd milled around, talking excitedly together, no doubt
discussing what they thought was to come. There was an air of suppressed
excitement, and an undertone of wanton expectation among the gathering.

Suddenly the stage was brilliantly lit with a strong spot light. In the centre
of that cone of light, and in severe sense depriving bondage, was the near nude
body of the new slave, cockswhore. Her arms were encased in the mandatory full
length arm binder, and a spreader bar kept her voluptuous thighs well spread.
Her waist was enclosed in a tightly laced half corset which savagely constricted
her, and caused her soft belly to bulge wantonly, accentuating her enormous
naked tits. Plugs taped to her ears obviously denied the slave the ability to
hear, leather pads strapped over her eyes denied her sight, and a cock gag kept
her mouth widely stretched, and, of course, ensured her silence.

There was something different about the slut on the stage, it only took me a
couple of seconds to realise what it was, and then my heart rate picked up in
pleasure and excitement. The extravagant teats that capped each of her enormous
udders were stiff. Not just merely stiff, but fabulously rigid because the rings
that now pierced them each had a large piece of heavy jewellery, beautifully
crafted silver replicas of erect cocks complete with shiny metal balls, the
prick shafts at least five inches in length, hanging from them but, despite the
obvious weight of the lascivious icons, the teats themselves were not bent down
in the slightest. However, if this were not ample evidence of the slut's sexual
arousal then what greeted my gaze when I dropped it to her splayed open fork
certainly was.

Her fork had, of course, been entirely depilated. Not a single hair remained to
mar the soft white flesh. Three rings had been inserted in each of her fat outer
cunt flaps. Thin silver chains had been looped through each of these rings, and
then attached to eyelets embedded in the leather of her half corset. Each chain
had been shortened so that those thick outer lips were torn widely apart, and
the intimate meat of her cuntal chasm was entirely exposed in every obscene
detail. The sheath that had once protected her prominent woman cock had been
entirely removed, and the shaft of her feminine sexuality was as stiff as steel,
and protruded lewdly from the apex of her wantonly gaping gash. The mouth of her
cunt pit gaped obscenely, and cunt cream seeped from the entire length of her
lecherously splayed twat, clearly betraying the heights of her carnal
stimulation.

It was obvious that the whore bitch, cockswhore, was filled with sexual lust
and, given the circumstances in which she found herself, this lust was a direct
result of her submission. Even though the woman could hardly have known what her
actual situation was at this time, given her total sensory deprivation, I could
see that her belly trembled deliciously, and that she appeared to actually be
trying, vainly, to thrust her obscenely presented cunt split out in submissive
offering to an imagined audience. There could be no doubt that the former
domatrix had surrendered, utterly, to her new status as a slave, and was
revelling in her humiliation.

The concentration of my mind on the bound slave woman was broken by the arrival
of the Queen on the stage. My heart fluttered with adoration at the gorgeous
girl's sheer erotic beauty. As seemed to be usual now she favoured a purple
leather micro mini and a patent leather halter of the same opulent hue, which
struggled gallantly to contain the luscious mounds of her exquisite breasts. The
hem of the skirt barely covered her sex, and the bottoms of her glorious bottom
cheeks. She wore thigh length boots with spike heels, and patent leather gloves
that reached almost up to her armpits. Her beautiful face was carefully made up
and her hair beautifully coifed and supporting a bejewelled tiara. In short, she
presented a picture of such erotic radiance that it made my heart literally ache
with love and adoration.

The regal ruler moved to the centre of the stage, barely glancing at the bound
slave, and prepared to address her audience:

"My dear friends," She said. "Thank you for accepting my invitation to witness
the submission of the slut at my feet. You will, no doubt, have read the
brochure I distributed with your invitations concerning the background to this
celebration, and will thus know that I have a personal stake in the subjugation
of the whore, as, of course, has my personal slut, cockslut. I expect that you
will be treated to a performance of consummate depravity, and abject surrender
made even more thrilling by the known background of the low bitch." The Queen
then moved off to one side of the stage before continuing with her
announcements:

"I know some of you may have been puzzled by my prohibition of slaves for the
actual period of this celebration but, be assured, friends, I have not ignored
your needs or pleasures in this respect. Once the ritual has been completed, of
course, your slaves will be admitted." She then signalled to Princess, still
standing in the wings with us. Princess tapped piggash on the shoulder, and the
voluptuous slave smiled excitedly, then danced out onto the stage. The wanton
slut pranced around the stage shaking her huge soft tits lasciviously, and
grinding her hips lustily at the eagerly watching audience. She continued to
lewdly flaunt her sluttish charms for the amusement of the watchers for a full
minute before subtly moving to the front of the stage, and dropping to her
knees. She knelt, spread legged, and with her hands submissively clasped behind
her head and continued to display her wanton nudity for them, albeit with
slightly less vigour.

Little cuntslut was the next to waltz out into the bright light. The lewd little
slut danced around the stage rolling her shoulders wildly and shimmying her
lovely big tits erotically at the same time as she rutted her hips with
exquisite depravity for the entertainment of the audience. She continued to
cavort with sublime obscenity for a few minutes before she too joined her
sluttish colleague at the front of the stage. Prettyprick was next to frolic
around the stage in a display of wanton depravity, his lovely stiff cock swaying
and rutting lecherously all the while, until he knelt next two the females at
the edge of the stage.

My adorable whoreprick was the last to go, obviously excited by the prospect of
displaying her bizarre sexuality in public again, being the immaculate
exhibitionist that I knew she was from prior experience, She danced out into the
light and performed a slow, sensuous, and immensely erotic frolic where she
caressed the pert mounds of her gorgeous tits while her hips revolved wantonly,
and the beautiful stalk of her erect prick swayed slowly and lasciviously for
the enjoyment of the eager viewers.

After her time as the centre of attention, which I'm sure she enjoyed immensely
she joined the other sluts kneeling at the front of the stage, and all continued
to flaunt their gorgeous bodies with flawless depravity. When all four slaves
were lined up Her Majesty once again stepped to the centre of the rostrum.
"These lewd and lascivious sluts are available for your amusement, folks. They
will refuse nothing, and will serve you in any capacity that you may desire,
whether it be merely to slake your lusts, or to assuage your dominant instincts
with little bouts of punishment. They are all owned by me and so, you may rest
assured, they are immaculately trained sex animals with an in-built desire to
please that overrides all else in their minds."

The Queen motioned to the four slaves that they were permitted to leave the
stage, and to join the audience, even if only to do their duty as pleasure
slaves. The four eagerly clambered down from the stage and were all immediately
fallen upon by members of the audience. Soon each had a mouthful of dominant
penis, or pussy, and were busy worshipping the dominant sex meat while their own
sexuality was being mauled, or, as in the case of cuntslut, already being used.
I watched as an enormous black penis ploughed deeply into her tight cuntal
sleave. Oh how the slaves were going to enjoy this night, I thought, they would
revel in being used as sex toys, and they would wallow in submissive heaven when
being punished.

Soon after the slaves had joined the crowd the Queen left the stage, which once
again was plunged into complete darkness, except for the brilliant beam of light
that lit up the captive cockswhore. Princess then supervised my bondage, which
was undertaken by two of the King's henchmen. My rubber clad body was strapped
to a moveable rack so that I couldn't move a muscle, and my naked cock and balls
were presented in utter vulnerability at its front. A small transparent
presenter apparatus was strapped to the base of my shaft which, when in place,
caused that column of rigid male sexuality to arch straight up from my fork.
This was, of course, designed to allow full access to the entire length of my
prick without my legs, belly, or crotch area getting in the way.

When they were finished with me the rack I was bound to was wheeled out onto the
stage, and positioned in its centre, then anchored in place. At this time the
beam illuminating cockswhore was extinguished, and a new one switched on which
lit up my lewdly presented cock and balls. Cuntslut was to tell me later that
the effect was to present my cock and balls as if they were suspended in a sea
of nothingness, the black rubber casing making the rest of my body virtually
invisible from the main area of the club. It was an eerie sight, she informed
me. She also informed me that it cost my darling whoreprick a savage tit
whipping when she was seen to be casting furtive, and adoring glances at my
graphically presented prick and nuts when she should have been concentrating
solely of the set of testicles her mouth was worshipping while cuntslut,
herself, was sucking the Master's penis. Sweet whoreprick, of course, assured me
that having her tender tits whipped was a small price to pay for what she had
been caught doing, and that she would gladly bear such punishment any time if it
meant that she could stare at my cock and balls, she loved then so much.

But, back to the main event. As soon as my sex was lit up the attendants busied
themselves freeing cockswhore from her bondage. I was able to see this taking
place in the dim light, only because I was so close to the action. Those
watching from the gallery would have had no idea what was going on. Even if they
did look at the stage all that would greet their curiosity would have been my
graphically highlighted sex. I was able to see that cockswhore remained entirely
compliant, even after being freed. She merely knelt in almost the same posture
that her bondage had held her in while she waited. The only slight difference
was that she thrust her crotch out even more lewdly, even though she must have
known that no one could see her. I shivered with pleasure at her obviously
submissive and deliciously wanton reaction. It was becoming more and more
evident that she had been broken completely, and now not only accepted her fate,
but embraced it with true submissive delight. I couldn't wait for the
celebration to begin.

The attendants left the stage, and the Queen reappeared at the front of the dais
where her presence was lit up by another well positioned spotlight. She called
for silence, then announced:

"The celebration of the whore's surrender is about to begin people. The rite
will be enacted in four separate and distinct phases. The first of these will be
the bitch's declaration of her surrender to her new owner, the cock that you
have been watching for the past few minutes, for, you see, this perverted harlot
is to be owned by a cock, not a person, dominant or submissive. She is not
worthy of having a dominant, or even another slave as her owner. She is beneath
such a privilege, and I can assure you, the slut knows this only too well, and
accepts it willingly. If the cock on display accepts the whore's submission to
it, it will signify its acceptance by allowing its balls to release a tiny
geyser of their cream. The bitch will then seal her submission by ritually
kissing each of the balls, and the tip of the prick."

This first announcement caused a buzz of excitement to erupt amongst the crowd.
I saw that a group of four men were using the voluptuous piggash. They had the
slave woman laid out on top of one of them, who had laid down on a low table, on
her back, with his mighty erection buried to the hilt up her tight, hot
arsehole. A second man had his stiff penis plunged into the depths of her
flooded cunt pit. The third straddled her belly, and having connected her teat
rings, was casually thrusting his enormous erection in and out between her
opulent tits. The final man had his rigid cock thrust deeply into her gulping
throat. All four were taking their pleasure at a slow languid rate, and the
slave was doing her level best to provide them with as much pleasure as she
could.

Cuntslut's cute nudity was wedged between two men, one was deeply fucking her
young cunt crater, while she eagerly and passionately sucked the penis of the
other. Prettyprick was similarly engaged, but with two domatrixes. His head was
buried in the crotch of one, and he was lapping ardently at her girl prick while
her partner fucked his tight arse pit with a dildo of truly monumental
proportions, while she none to gently masturbated his stiff cock. My darling
whoreprick knelt between the widely splayed thighs of a huge black man and
sucked at his fabulous stiff penis with avid lust while he casually, but never
the less, quite brutally lashed her writhing bottom cheeks with a heavy leather
strap. The Queen continued with her announcements:

"The second phase will involve the whore, always assuming the cock has accepted
her as its servile chattel, in submitting her slack cunt chasm to her new owner.
Once again the cock will allow her this privilege only if it spurts its little
geyser of recognition. When, and if it does, the lucky animal will use her
wanton cunt hole to pleasure the prick to completion. This submission will then
be repeated, except that on this occasion the harlot will pledge her tight arse
pit to her owner, and, if accepted, will use it to pleasure her owner to
completion once again."

The watchers' excitement grew with each new, and more depraved disclosure by the
Queen. I must admit that my obscenely displayed cock throbbed in anticipation of
the pleasure to come, and it was taking all of my concentration to prevent it
from prematurely discharging little surges of ball cream. Her Majesty came to
the end of her revelations with the climax of the depraved celebration:

"The fourth, and final act of submission will involve the slut in dedicating her
mouth to her new owner. When this surrender has been accepted she will use her
mouth to clean the prick of the refuse of both her cunt and arse pits, then to
suck it to completion to fully debase herself before its magnificence. After the
bitch has drank from the balls, she will be installed in the slaves' bathroom to
begin what will be her sole duty for the rest of her life, that of attending to
slaves when their owners permit such activities. Such duties might include:

	.Sucking clean ravaged slave cunt and arse pits.
	.Sucking clean slave pricks after they have been used in any form of
fucking.
	.Drinking slave golden champagne, should a dominator wish to reward a
slave by allowing this.
	.Sucking slave cock or cunt off to completion should a slave be rewarded
in such a fashion.
	.Surrendering her arse pit to slave cock, dildo, or fist if dominants
allow their slaves such relief, or privilege.
	.Offering any part of her slave carcass for cruel punishment should a
dominator reward a slave by allowing it to experience the joy of inflicting
punishment on another slave.

Over at the bar there are numerous plaques that I have had made up to signify
these activities, plus many more that I haven't mentioned. There are also blank
ones on which a dominant may specify a service that might not be covered, and
you are encouraged to use your imaginations to the fullest in dreaming up acts
of exquisite depravity and perversion for the whore to perform for, or on your
slaves. Her cunt pit, however, will always remain locked up. Access to it is
reserved for her Master exclusively. Slaves will take the chosen plaque with
them and present it to the bitch to inform her of her duty. Your slaves are to
report any adverse reaction by the whore, no matter how insignificant, to
management. In addition to the countless punishments the slave will earn
throughout her service, she will, once per month, be subjected to public
punishment. Such punishments are to be inflicted by guests of the club, and you
may register to be part of these events with management."

Her Majesty paused for a few seconds, as if jogging her memory to see if she had
forgotten anything. While she was silent I noted that cockswhore's arse slabs
were now rolling lasciviously, and that her chest and massive tits were visibly
rising and falling, betraying clear evidence that her servile lusts were growing
with each announcement of her cruel and lecherous fate. "I think I've covered
everything, my friends. So let's get this show under way!"

The Queen climbed down from the stage, and took up her position on a specially
set up throne. The crowd fell silent, even pausing in their depraved use of the
Queen's slaves, in anticipation of the coming entertainment. The lights in the
main viewing area dipped until it became difficult for me to see anything at all
other than in my immediate surroundings. Then a brilliant spotlight lit up the
kneeling cockswhore. She reacted immediately by clasping her hands behind her
head, and rutting her hips wildly, flaunting her obscenely exhibited cunt split,
and shaking her tits sensuously for the amusement of her audience.

After performing licentiously for a few seconds the panting slut seemed to take
a deep breath and then began to speak:

"Divine, adored, utterly venerated Majesty, and utterly revered Masters and
Mistresses, I am the immaculately depraved, and consummately debauched harlot
bitch, cockswhore. I know, sacred Majesty, that this lewd cavorting heap of
servile nudity that I am privileged to flaunt so perversely for your glory is
unworthy of being submitted to, and owned by a glorious dominant, or even the
basest of slaves! I am filled with servile joy and happiness that you, most
benevolent of rulers, worshipped Majesty, have permitted me to offer my
disgraced carcass to a mighty, and omnipotent slave cock. To be permitted to be
owned by a slave cock is beyond my most fervent hopes and dreams!" The slave
squealed with panting servile excitement, and utterly debased submissiveness.
She then turned her cavorting nudity slightly so that she faced my enormous,
visibly throbbing, achingly stiff prick:

"Oh mighty, and eternally worshipped slave cock, I beg you from the bottom of my
heart and from the depths of my soul, accept me, this utterly lewd and wantonly
depraved carcass that I am, as your slave, your chattel, your obscene slut, and
your eternally adoring possession! Oh please! Please! Please! revered slave
cock, grant me a sign that you accept me as your lust crazed servile serf!" The
wallowing slave cried, her voice betraying a sense of longing that was
remarkable. For my part, it had been all that I could do to stop my prick,
standing do stiff and proud, from spurting inadvertently anyhow, and it was with
some relief, albeit tenuous, as I had to control it, that I allowed a small gush
of cream to squirt from its flared tip. The tiny stream of juice rose up to a
height of about four inches above the tip, then splashed down onto the cock
head, and began to slowly drip down the throbbing stem. The slave was beside
herself with elation joy at this signal that her surrender had been accepted,
and she squealed out her joy:

"Oh worshipped, adored, and utterly idolised Master slave cock, owner of my
perverse heart, lord of me degenerate soul, and possessor of my obscene carcass,
you have filled me with joy and happiness by accepting my debased being as you
personal property. I display my submission to your glorious being with utter
devotion and supreme jubilation!" The slave cried, then craned her face forward,
and pressed her lips devoutly to each of my swollen balls in turn. Then she
began to slowly kiss her way up the length of my pulsating shaft. While her
devoted lips moved, inch by inch up the pole of lust she began to lewdly
undulate her arse slabs, and shimmy her tits. The closer to the tip of my prick
she got the wilder and more lecherously she strutted her depravity until, when
she finally had her warm full lips pressed firmly onto the tip of my aching
cock, her obscene gyrations were so untamed that the silver pricks hanging from
her swinging teats were audibly clashing together.

With an obvious heart rending wrench the slave woman managed to tear her lips
from the tip of my prick. The full lips shone with a coating of my ball cream,
but the slave withstood the yearning to clean them with her tongue, and thus
savour, fully the erotic savour of my virile sex elixir. She had other
submissions to make before being permitted to feast her yearning degenerate
belly on such succulent sustenance. She turned her kneeling, shuddering nudity
again until she faced the audience. Her thighs were flung wide, and she reached
down into her fork, thrust her fingers into her pouting cunt pit mouth, and tore
the orifice open even further, until it gaped with consummate obscenity:

"This obscene cunt pit once denied access to the cocks of slaves. Now it is
owned by a Master that is a slave cock. This raunchy cunt crater that once
believed itself above pleasuring submissive prick now exists solely to do so,
and yearns hauntingly to pleasure its Master, slave cock. Every nerve ending,
every sinew, every muscle in this obscenely drooling cunt cavity is dedicated
exclusively to visiting pleasure on its supreme Master, slave cock!" The acutely
aroused slave woman then turned back to my cock, and begged with a pleading
voice, "Oh, divine Master slave cock, I beg you with all my heart, and my
depraved, obscene twat implores you with all its being, permit the devoted cunt
pit to please your magnificent length. I vow that my harlot cunt pit will toil
ceaselessly, and untiringly, to visit the most exquisite of pleasure on your
magnificence. Please, sacred Master slave cock. Please permit my fawning cuntal
sleave to worship you, to please you! I beg you!"

Watching the whore perform so immaculately obscenely made my acceptance of her
depraved pleas a joy, and soon a spurt of cream flew from the tip of my aching
prick with such force that instead of coming down on the head of my cock it
splashed down onto one of cockswhore's huge tits. This drew a leer of obscene
satisfaction to the whore's face to accompany the haunted yearning shining in
her eyes. The craving bitch rose to her feet and turned to face the audience
while she straddled my standing cock. She lowered her splayed open fork until
the hot, wet flesh of her cuntal orifice closed over the head of my cock. The
slut then withdrew her hands and returned then to the back of her head. She
shimmied her whole body lewdly while she allowed her hips to drop, and my aching
pole of lust oozed into the incredibly hot, and elastically tight tube of her
cunt. The whore dropped until her hungry cunt tunnel had enveloped my entire
length, and was squeezing it with an insane rhythm that threatened to have it
spitting out its ecstasy in record time.

I gathered my wits about me, knowing instinctively that my Queen would be
expecting me to make the harlot work, before surrendering to my own pleasure. I
willed my cock to slow its pulsations while the whore's cunt plunged up and down
on it with exquisite slowness, its velvety muscles squeezing the pole with
utterly ecstatic skill. I'll say one thing, cockswhore's cunt is certainly
supremely talented when it comes to fucking a cock. I don't know whether it was
always so, or was now only as a result of the Queen's trainers, but, despite my
own fabulously honed ability to control my reactions to sexual stimulation, by
the time a half an hour of this astonishing sexual torture had been visited on
my throbbing shaft I could no longer contain myself, and my prick exploded in
the depths of cockswhore's writhing hole, flooding it with a veritable ocean of
boiling man juice. She never ceased her pleasing pistoning until her vice like
hole had milked every drop from my aching balls. Then she drew herself up fully,
and her ecstatic cunt pit finally surrendered its grip on my sated cock.

The ecstatic harlot collapsed back down onto her knees, flaunting her cunt
split, now dribbling as much of my thick hot cock cream as it did the slut's
spicy twat juice, at the watchers with continued, indeed increased depraved
lasciviousness. At the same time she squealed out her gratitude to her owner, my
stiff, throbbing prick, for allowing her lewd cunt pit to pleasure it. Once she
had come down from her depraved peak, and had better control of her faculties,
cockswhore turned away from the main room, and waved her voluptuous bare arse
mounds lewdly at the audience.

She reached her hands back behind her, and tore the shapely mounds apart
savagely, baring the tight, hot ring of her already palpitating arsehole. The
whore, her lust again un-containable, squealed out her servile yearning in
perverted jubilation:

"This obscene arse crater, like the lecherous cunt pit before it, has never been
honoured by being permitted to pleasure slave cock. It considered itself above
such joy. Now, having been taught its vile, odious denial was incomprehensible
to my submissive brain, the harlot crevasse craves the invasion of hot, hard,
manly slave prick with every fibre of its being. The sluttish hole exists in a
state of constant longing to be stretched, and filled with gorgeous slave prick,
so that it might dedicate its existence to bringing the most exquisite of
pleasures to each and every cruel invader!" The lewd slut then turned herself
back towards my standing cock, still shining lewdly with the issue if her cunt
split, with its balls, already aching savagely again with regenerated need,
despite their recent shedding, and then continued with her utterly obscene
dissitation:

"Oh divine, and absolutely adulated Master slave cock, possessor of my slave
being, I implore you to grant me the unrivalled blessing of permitting my
absolutely depraved and craving arse pit to visit pleasure of the most delicious
kind imaginable on you. My eternally worshipped Master slave cock, my arse ring
yearns to be violently stretched open by your magnificence. Please! Please!"
Adored Master slave cock, make this slut's degenerate heart pound with
happiness, by allowing her to rape her obscene arse pit on your magnificence. I
promise, adored Master, that my arse tunnel will exist purely for your pleasure
for ever!"

It took no real effort on my part to signify that I would allow the whore to
fuck her own brains out on my prick, and the mandatory geyser of prick cream
spurted from the tip of my throbbing pole of lust. An adoring smile of servile
lust, on the face of the slave, accompanied this tiny eruption, and she was on
her feet almost before the cream splashed down onto the cock tip, lubricating it
even more for its imminent journey into the depths of hot, tight, and utterly
servile arse pit.

The lust crazed slave beamed with licentious elation at the sight of the signal
to proceed. She almost leapt to her feet and faced the rapt audience, such was
her eagerness to surrender to her depraved needs. She spread her full thighs
wide, and straddled my rearing prick stalk. Her hips dropped until the slimy
head of my cock was brought into full contact with the hard muscled ring of her
arsehole, her hands having lewdly tore the slabs of her arse apart as soon as
she had positioned her body for the drop. The excited whore began to thrust her
crotch down hard, attempting to accommodate the cock she craved. It was not that
easy, of course, it was almost certain that cockswhore had never before
attempted to introduce anything anywhere near as large as my huge cock into her
tight arse tunnel.

Soon her little cries of anguish were clearly audible as her efforts to take my
cock intensified. I could feel the tight ring of her arsehole mouth stretch
open, and close excruciatingly tightly around the head of my cock. The harlot
wriggled her arse about in an attempt to facilitate the longed for invasion. Her
pants and grunts became ever more pained as she bore down with all her strength.
Her arse pout was so tight that it was actually causing pain to my cock head,
and was almost causing my rock hard cock shaft to actually bend. I was beginning
to believe that the whore's arse ring was going to be just too small to
accommodate my prick when it surrendered, and the fat swollen head of my aching
cock plunged inside the hot arse tunnel of the ecstatic cockswhore.

The sweating slave thrust her hips down with even more force, and the length of
my pulsating shaft disappeared up her arse chute exquisitely slowly, inch after
inch until she had, incredibly, taken it all. I stared at the stretched open
mouth of her arsehole and marvelled that it had not physically torn under the
brutal assault. My cock felt incredible, caught in the grip of an incredibly
tight, and unbelievable hot vice of rippling flesh. Cockswhore, her chest
heaving and her mouth gasping for breath, began to almost imperceptibly roll her
arse cheeks as soon as her mind would allow her to accept what she had just
inflicted on her own body.

The wriggling of her hips became steadily more vigorous as her arse pit came to
terms with the savagery of its violation. The scrunched up look on her face also
softened as both the pain, and the sheer tightness of her impalement eased,
until it was replaced with a leering grin of sheer depravity. Once she had
reached this level of acceptance of her defilement the whore slowly raised her
hips, and this time inch after inch of my pounding prick emerged from the tight
tunnel until only the thick swollen head remained in its hot embrace. Once this
had been achieved cockswhore let her hips drop once again, and the throbbing
shaft vanished into the writhing arse pit.

More and more cockswhore's pain transformed itself into pleasure the quicker she
fucked her hot arse pit on my mighty prick stalk. Tiny shrieks of ecstasy began
to erupt from her lewdly leering lips, while her hips were soon literally flying
up and down, and my throbbing cock flashed out of her churning chasm, only to be
enveloped in its hot depths yet again an instant later. The whore not only
raised her arse up and allowed it to plunged down, but also revolved her
voluptuous cheeks around in depraved abandon. It soon became obvious that the
hot bitch was climaxing through the ferocity of her self arse raping. Hot sex
cream flowed from her still obscenely splayed cunt split in rivers of depraved
debauchery. Her arse ring squeezed my pistoning pole of lust with such feral
force that I was no longer capable of controlling it, and huge gushes of ball
juice poured from it tip to bath the walls of the ever churning ares tube. I
spurted over and over until the sloppy sounds of my cock still pistoning in and
out of the sloppy hole were clearly, and degradingly audible to all who
witnessed the depraved performance.

Only when she knew for certain that my prick had ceased to spew did cockswhore
tear her ravaged arse ring from my it, and then prostrated her sweating nudity
before my still stiff, aching stalk. The pole of lust was now coated with fresh
ball juice, but this time juice with a distinct brownish tinge. I watched as
cockswhore's nostrils twitched at the raunchy aroma that my prick now exuded.
The submissive whore, rather than shying away from the raunchy smell, breathed
it deeply into her lungs, and savoured the reeking aroma with servile joy. She
actually moved her nose closer to the dripping prick so that its stench was more
accessible to her senses, and continued to sniff deeply for a couple of minutes.
She then turned slightly so that she faced the audience once again. She had her
final submission to complete, and this one was going to be the most demeaning of
the three for the whore, for it involved her worshipping my reeking cock with
her sluttish lips and tongue, and then sucking the prick to the spitting climax
that would permit her to be able to drink from my balls. She took a deep breath
and began her obscene supplication:

"This lewd tongue, these depraved lips, and this craving throat have never
worshipped sublime slave cock before. In my old existence I considered my
haughty mouth above pleasuring slave cock. Now I know better! I know that my
lips and tongue should have been dedicated solely to the marvellous task of
visiting the most exquisite of pleasure on glorious slave cock from the very
first second of my life. I now realise that my throat exists to feel the
incomparable sensations of hot, thick slave cock head stretching it open and,
above all other joys, the unparalleled bliss of gulping down the succulent cream
that slave balls might honour me by spewing into it! I yearn to suck slave cock!
I long to feast on succulent slave ball cream! My mouth surrenders to a an
existence where the sucking, worshipping, and draining of slave prick is its
sole reason for being!"

The panting slave then turned again so that her kneeling nudity, shuddering with
acutely submissive sexual arousal, again faced my aching cock stalk. The lewd
harlot then continued her self debasing, and obscene dissitation:

"Oh fabulously adored Master slave cock, I long to surrender my lips, tongue,
and craving gullet to your grandeur! My lips and tongue yearn to be permitted to
worship your glorious splendour! My craving gullet longs to be filled with the
sacred issue of you incomparable nuts! My degenerate belly yearns to be filled
with that luscious elixir! Please, please, please! Adored Master slave cock,
allow your utterly servile whore's utterly depraved and immaculately submissive
mouth to worship, adore, and most of all to pleasure you as it was born to do!"

I somehow forced my excited, and acutely stimulated prick to make the slave
continue to debase herself with consummate depravity, and to beg and plead to be
permitted to suck it off for many minutes before I finally allowed it to spurt
its small geyser to signify its acceptance of her abject surrender. The look of
perfect happiness that radiated from cockswhore's eyes when the juice spattered
was something to behold. Her mouth gaped open, and her lascivious tongue shot
out almost immediately and, with a shriek of submissive ecstasy, she allowed it
to sweep over the juice laden head of my throbbing prick. She lapped up and down
the pulsating shaft over and over expressing utter joy at the privilege she had
been granted.

The elated harlot lapped and laved at my shaft with devoted joy for what must
have been five minutes before her lust crazed mind could no longer resist the
delight of sucking it into her adoring mouth. I revelled in the knowledge of the
depths to which the previously haughty woman had descended. I could not believe
that it was the same woman who had delighted in denying me such pleasurable acts
for so long, and with such cruel satisfaction. My cock leapt with pleasure when
her hot wet mouth closed over its profusely leaking tip, and her head dropped,
her lips descending down my throbbing length until almost its entirety had
disappeared into her worshipping mouth and her taste buds must have been
overwhelmed with the sheer depravity of her own arse seasoning, and the residue
of ball cream that had so completely coated it after her arse rape. I felt the
head of my cock enter her gulping throat to be exquisitely massaged by the soft
muscles located there.

The humiliated slave sucked on my cock with consummate passion, as though her
mouth was born to pleasure cock. Her agile tongue teased my pulsating length
with single minded devotion. Her throat swallowed it like a staving waif.
Cockswhore sucked me passionately, driving her working mouth up and down on me
until my shaft throbbed and pulsed with sexual ecstasy, and it took every ounce
of my renowned control to stop my balls from exploding in orgasm. I forced the
cock adoring harlot to suck and suck, ensuring that the rapt audience saw her
debase herself utterly, to her slavish being.

Her mouth drew me ever closer to the explosion that I would soon be unable to
delay any longer. My prick began to jerk, out of control, and my breath came in
wheezing gasps as the pleasure consumed me utterly. Then I could no longer
contain myself, and my pleasure soaked prick exploded in ecstasy. Stream after
stream of boiling cock cream poured from the tip of my erupting cock, and
flooded the delighted harlot's gulping throat. She swallowed my gushing sex
juice as though it were the most delicious repast she had ever partaken of. She
drank it all in a fit of depraved sexual submission.

Her mouth took on all the aspects of a vacuum cleaner. She was determined to
milk my writhing balls completely dry. Her lips crushed my spasming shaft,
ensuring that every drop of my issue was squeezed from it, and her throat
continued to swallow long after my balls had surrendered all they had to give.
It was with a look of sheer despair that the whore finally allowed her mouth to
release my sated, utterly drained prick. Her eyes shone with a mixture of pure
happiness, tinged with an acute sense of loss once her mouth had released the
clean shaft, still somehow hard and standing proudly. I marvelled at the
capacity of my cock to withstand such pleasure while still remaining stimulated,
and revelled in the powers of unbridled virility that I had been endowed with in
the realm.

Cockswhore resumed her position, kneeling in front of my cock. Her tongue
lasciviously licked her lips cleaning them of the small amount of ball cream
that had managed to escape her mouth while I climaxed into it. It was obvious
that her submissive being had adored her ultimate humiliation, and she was
totally at peace with her submissive surrender. The Queen mounted the stage
after a few minutes and announced:

"Well, my friends, the surrender of the new whore to her new Master was
certainly total, and entertaining, I'm sure you'll admit. For the rest of the
night she will remain on her knees before her Master, and display her immaculate
adoration of it. Whenever the fancy takes the obscene slut she will be permitted
to voice her submission to her Master, and to demonstrate that submission, and
worshipping adoration in the time honoured manner. You may visit the stage to
watch and listen to her perform at any time you wish." The Queen leant a long
cane up against cockswhore's bulging arse cheeks and continued, "Should the
inclination take you, you are encouraged to use this lovely cane on the whore's
fat arse slabs, but I would remind you that if you do so, you are to be utterly
pitiless. The lewd bitch knows that she deserves to suffer, and, I suspect,
yearns to be punished with the utmost of cruelty."

Just before she left the stage the Queen added, "Your slaves are now permitted
to join you. I'm sure that my little whores have been most diligent in catering
to your lusts over the period of the submission of the harlot, but now we need
more variety in our pleasures, not to mention having enough lust crazed
submissive meat for all of us to play with without the inconvenience of having
to wait our turn." She then dropped down from the stage. Cockswhore immediately
began to verbally adore my cock, and to devotedly press her lips to it from time
to time in complete submissive adulation.

A number of nude slave of both sexes began to appear, and were soon engaged in
serving the dominants. Most were involved in providing for the pleasure of the
dominants, but some were already submitting their bodies to various punishments.
A general orgy of unbridled sexual lust was soon underway. Cockswhore's arse
cheeks were subjected to brutal caning almost from the beginning, but despite
the pain and suffering she endured her adoration, both verbally and physically
continued without pause. The orgy lasted well into the small hours of the
morning until, eventually, sheer physical exhaustion overtook both dominants and
slaves.

When all the guests had finally left cockswhore was handed over into the care of
the club's manager. She was to live on the premises so that she was always
available for her service in the slaves' bathroom. I was freed from my bondage,
and allowed to stretch my cramped muscles before our group finally left for
home.




Chapter 22 - Life in the Kingdom - Epilogue

Life settled down in the kingdom now that all our Queen's initial plans had been
fulfilled. Princess had her personal slave. Cuntslut and I had our own
playmates. A regime of service had been established for all slaves. We spent
three days each week serving in the Queen's brothel. My service invariably
involved shifts in the `House of Penis Worship', as did that of my darling
whoreprick. We became famous as the most talented penis worshippers in the
kingdom, and clients generally had to book our services well in advance,
although we were never to realise this. Cuntslut and piggash served exclusively
in the orgy room, and both became addicted to providing `around the world'
service. Prettyprick was the only slave of our tight little group who was
subjected to variety in his service.

The King kept challenging my Queen with a succession of new slaves who attempted
to win cock sucking competitions against me, but he was never successful. Since
he always insisted on the same penalties applying Her Majesty wound up with a
steady stream of new cock sucking slaves, until her various facilities could no
longer accommodate all of them, and she had to unload them through the slave
trading network. These contests had one positive outcome, of course, in that
they ensured that my skills were kept well honed.

We slaves were permitted, quite often, to spend days in the city. We visited all
the night spots frequently, except for the `Haven of Slaves' which we were only
allowed to visit when in the company of our domatrixes.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Hawker


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





