BDSM Library - The Old Rectory




The Old Rectory
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A teenage girl is obliged to take a housekeeping job in an old rectory. During her work she discovers gruesome reminders of past inhabitants and they become linked with the present time.
The Old Rectory

Synopsis

A teenage girl is obliged to take a housekeeping job in an old rectory. During
her work she discovers gruesome reminders of past inhabitants and they become
linked with the present time.



Please take note!

The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written for
adults only.

MF FF NC Real Hist.

If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing this
file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
now.





This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
is purely coincidental, etc.

Copyright 2003




The Old Rectory

by obohobo



Chapter 1. Job applicant

"You will go to the Old Rectory in Assingfield for an interview this afternoon
for a housekeeping job Miss Gerrart," the sour faced elderly woman behind the
desk at the job centre informed Gertrude, "And make sure you try and get this
job otherwise your money is stopped and we'll have to send you on yet another
training scheme, that is if there is one that will take you. You've been thrown
off enough as it is." She looked up over her half spectacles and went on, "I
will phone Mr. Robinson and inform him you will be attending."

"And just how am I supposed to get to Assingfield? I ain't got no money left."

"Well you will just have to walk, Miss. It is only six miles and in my younger
days we thought nothing of walking that far before breakfast. You young girls
expect everything given to you on a plate."

"Yeah, and you had to watch out for the dinosaurs on the way too, I expect!"
laughed Gertrude, "And you probably had less weight on you then."

"You can't afford to be rude to me Miss. I have the power and the key to your
grants. So make sure you make a real effort this time. I shall check with Mr.
Robinson afterwards."

"And just what chance do I have of getting a job as a housekeeper then? Seeing
that I've no experience. I can't cook. I didn't even do any housework at home.
In fact I don't have a home now. Last few nights I had to spend in the park coz
I got nowhere to go and no money left for the hostel."

"Get off with you now. I haven't time to listen to your hard luck claptrap. Just
make sure you attend the interview. Be there before 2 o'clock." The woman put
Gertrude's papers back in their folder, snapped it shut and called sharply,
"Next!"

"The old dyke's her usual good humoured self, I see," grinned a boy sitting
waiting his turn.

"Nothing a couple of good cocks up her arse wouldn't cure, Baz," Gertrude
laughed in reply. "See you here next week I expect."

"What she sent you for this time?"

"Housekeeping job. That's a laugh when I've never kept house?"

"Probably you'll be looking after some old hag. Bathing her and emptying her
potty," Baz joked.

"No it's a man but he could be ancient. If he's rich perhaps I'll marry him and
bump him off and inherit a fortune." Gertrude continued with the joke but knew
it was no joking matter. She really did need some sort of job. But what?
Housekeeping seemed dead dull.

A little before noon Gertrude walked up the driveway to the rambling, old and
rather dilapidated building. For a few feet on either side, the driveway had
recently been cleared but most of the grounds were very overgrown with brambles,
nettles and scrub. "They don't need a housekeeper, they need a bulldozer!" she
laughed at herself. "This is obviously another job I'm not going to get so
there's no real need to bother much. If the biddy bitch stops my money, to hell
with her, there's nothing I can do about it. I'll just have to try and pinch
some stuff and sell it." Gertrude paused and then thought, "Perhaps I should go
in and check what's in there for later. Maybe he won't even bother to interview
me and I can get back earlier."

She approached the house and stopped and stared for a few minutes and almost
decided to run. It looked like it hadn't been lived in for years. The curtains
at some windows were torn, all the paint work had long since peeled off and the
plaster work where it could be seen through the Virginia creeper, was blackened
and flaking. "No one lives here surely," she said, "It gives me the creeps just
to look at it. S'pose I'd better make the effort though, otherwise biddy bitch
will definitely stop what little money I get and then I won't even be able to
have a few nights in the hostel."



'Salesmen;

Religious groups;

Charity collectors.

Do not knock on this door.

Offenders will be incarcerated in the crypt

along with the rats and bones of their ancestors!'



So read a new looking notice encased in a plastic bag pinned to the massive oak
door. "Looks like the owner is nice and friendly," remarked Gertrude and she
looked for the door bell. "At least I don't fall into any of those categories."
No bell. She used the big iron door knocker.

"Boom! Boom! Boom!" The sound seemed extraordinarily loud. "That'll waken the
dead in that crypt," Gertrude laughed at herself. "I'm not going to let this
bother me much. The shitting interview shouldn't take long and perhaps one of
the others will give me a lift back to town. Maybe I can even get some expenses
for coming."

For several minutes there was no answer and Gertrude had just lifted the knocker
to try again, when the ragged curtains to one side of the door moved and she saw
the face of a youngish man. A loud click-clunk; the sound of a large key in an
old fashioned lock and the huge door creaked open.

"Are you here for the interview or the crypt?" the man smiled as he asked. "If
it's the interview, then you are a couple of hours too early."

"Yes, sorry. Biddy bitch, the old woman at the job centre said I was not to be
late and I thought I would have to walk all the way from town but I got a lift.
I'm Gertrude Gerrart."

"Roger Robinson. You'd better come in. It could rain at any time. But I wasn't
expecting anyone as young as you. Is she really an old biddy? Her voice sounded
quite nice on the phone."

"Yeah, she's and old biddy alright. About ninety years old, wears teeny glasses
and stacks her hair in a bun on the back of her head." She mimicked the shape of
the glasses with her fingers. "And she wears XXXXL dresses," Gertrude went on.

Roger laughed. "Well we'll have to see what your housekeeping talents are
Gertrude. You can make us both some lunch."

"Please call me Geegee or just Gee. I think my mother got that name from the
ark. At school I got stuck with the initials run together as one word. Can I
call you Roger for the short time I will be here?"

"Sure. I too have two initials the same so we have something in common but I
don't think RR goes together as well. Sounds more like being in a doctor's
surgery. Open your mouth and say Rrrr Rrrrr." Gee laughed she had already begun
to like the man. "Why do you think it will be a short time?" Roger asked, "I
haven't even seen the other applicants yet although I have read their
application forms and CV's."

They were talking as they made their way along a stone passageway to the
kitchen. "God, this is a creepy place. Real spooky." Geegee exclaimed, "Why'd
you buy a dump like this?"

"That's a longer story and you evaded my question. Why do you think you will
only be here for a short time?"

Geegee laughed as they entered the huge old kitchen, "You'll find out very
quickly now we are here. My cooking skills are best at opening tins or
pre-packs."

"Well I guess you can make sandwiches. That's my normal lunch. Cut some bread
while I see what is in the fridge. I was just about to look when your knock
came." Geegee looked bewildered for a few moments. She'd only seen whole loaves
in the bakers but at home they always had supermarket sliced bread. And this
bread still felt warm. To show willing she hacked off the crust and then a few
more slices of uneven thickness.

Roger looked at her. "At least you were honest about your housekeeping skills.
You have certainly murdered that loaf." They ate and chatted. Afterwards Roger
suggested to her that she didn't really want the job. "Tell me the truth, why
did you apply? Was it just because the Job Centre made you?" Geegee nodded.
"What sort of work would you like to do?" he asked, "The truth now."

"I don't really know. They've put me on all sorts of training schemes that I
didn't want so I buggered about and got thrown off. Most of the jobs were
outside, the parks service and the like and we were supposed to work in the rain
an' all. Then old biddy bitch, Miss Marples I called her, started to get nosy
and checked up on me and suggested I was doing it all deliberately and got them
above her to stop my money if I didn't get a job and stick with it. Getting a
job with my police record is bad enough but getting a job I would like to stay
in is almost impossible, especially as I have no idea of what I want to do. I
can't see you employing me so, what the hell, can I tell you."

"What is your police record for?"

"Oh, usual. Shop lifting, theft, a little violence but that was only because the
woman resisted when I snatched her handbag and she fell when I hit her and broke
a leg. Do you want me to go now or can I stay for the interviews to please Miss
Marples?"

"Can you make tea?"

"I can throw a tea bag in a cup and pour hot water on it!"

"Yuck! Watch and learn. Tea making is an art and one you'll get plenty of
practice at if you are appointed."

They took the tea into his office. It seemed to be one room that was fairly
orderly. Opening a file on the computer, he printed out an application form and
set Geegee to filling it in. "Believe in yourself. You have as much chance of
getting the job as the others," he advised.

The other applicants, three of them arrived before the appointed time and Roger
apologised for the state of the house before taking them all on a tour of the
rooms. "I've only been here two weeks," he said, "So few of the rooms have been
cleaned or cleared. You won't be expected to do that. I will do one at a time
and gradually get them decorated." Few of the rooms had been used for years and
were all full of furniture and other bric-a-brac, all covered with dust and
cobwebs.

One woman left before the tour was over saying she could never work in a place
like this. "You should get in a firm of professional cleaners before expecting
anyone to work here," she informed Roger angrily before she left. "I've just
wasted an afternoon to see this mess."

Roger showed them a smallish room that had been part cleared and said that would
be the housekeeper's room when he finished cleaning and decorating it. One of
the other women said she didn't want to live in especially in such a gloomy
place and pointed out the advert said, 'A live in housekeeper preferred' which
implied one could live out. "That is correct, Mrs. Dames, but if I can get
someone to live in, then I will have no need for someone who has to travel."

After the tour came the interviews. Only two applicants left. Miss Bagshott went
in first. Geegee knew the woman was displeased with the state of the house and
had said she could do with the extra money from the job but didn't think it
would be worth the extra effort that would be needed to get things right. She
wanted wholesale changes in the conditions, more money than was being offered, a
better room and more time off. When these were refused, she stormed out. Roger
called Geegee in. "Looks like you've got the job by default. When can you
start?"

"I don't know if I want to."

Roger picked up the phone and spoke for a few moments. She knew where he was
phoning. A few minutes later he said, "It's Miss Matthews, not Miss Marples. She
said if you refused a job when offered, you would definitely loose all your
'dole money' - that shows how old fashioned she is Gee," laughed Roger, "She
said you have to keep the job for a month before you can apply again and she
also mentioned that your probation officer would not want to find out you didn't
have a permanent address. She hinted that you've been sleeping rough."

"Sod, sod, sod the bloody woman! Why'd she have to bring that up? It's not
really her business that I spent the last two nights in the park in one of the
shelters."

"Gee, I think it looks as if I am stuck with you and you are stuck with me."

"Sod, sod, sod!" Geegee repeated.

"Look Geegee, it not what I wanted either. I wanted some one who was competent,
someone who knew what they were doing and I could rely on to get the jobs done
without much supervision. Now I've got to try and train you and I know from what
you've already told me, that will be a hard task. And I'm paying you, I won't
expect any slacking either. My father brought me up very strictly. I was
punished usually with a strap or cane when my work wasn't good enough. In this
day and age, its not the done thing, but with your given record of waywardness
maybe you would benefit in the long run."

"Sod, sod, sod," Geegee repeated for the third time, "First time I get a real
job it's in a spooky house with a sadistic sod for an employer. Do I have a
choice?"

"Yes, you can walk out of that door now and not come back. You can walk to the
park and sleep out there again, in the rain by the looks of things. I don't know
how you survived sleeping out in the cold for two nights but with the rain and
wind, tonight is going to be worse. As they say, 'the choice is yours.' Make it
and either come to the kitchen and have a mug of tea or let yourself out of the
front door." Ten minutes later he heard the front door close.

Deciding it was too late to cook, Roger drove in the dark the three miles to the
supermarket and ate in the cafeteria. Halfway back the headlights picked out
Geegee plodding towards town her head down against the wind and rain and
carrying two full plastic bags. She was soaked. He reversed the car and ordered
Geegee in. Tired, wet and cold though she was, Geegee refused and started to
run. Roger, determined not to be thwarted, got out and grabbed her arm he pushed
her in the passenger seat. "Even if you're not taking the job, at least you can
have somewhere dry to sleep for the night." Picking up her bags, he tossed them
in the boot. "Clank. Clink." Metallic sounds as one bag hit the floor and its
contents spilled out. A silver box that had been presented to him when his first
book was a success, gleamed in the boot light.

Geegee didn't even try to get out and run. All she said was, "What are you going
to do?"




Chapter 2. First punishment

"Get those clothes off," ordered Roger as he ushered Geegee into the kitchen.

"What!"

"Get those wet things off and be quick about it."

"You can't order me to do that."

"I can and I have. And it doesn't take an Einstein brain to work out what will
happen if you don't. I suggest you don't try to make me any angrier. I would
have been out for your guts if I had found that box missing. It is of great
sentimental value. My first recognition as an author and I would have been loath
to lose it."

"Yeah, yeah. I get the message. Either I co-operate or I get a room for the
night in a cell. What will I get here? A spanking? A fuck? A night in your bed?
A...."

"And nothing more on your police record and no violation of your probation,"
interrupted Roger, "No, I shall want more than that. You have to accept the
housekeeper's job on my terms and conditions for at least a month. Now get out
of those wet clothes while I get a towel."

"Sod you! Bastard!" Geegee spat at him.

When Roger returned she was down to her bra and knickers. For a few moments her
admired her full figure before unhooking the bra and starting to towel her body
dry. "You're certainly a well built girl," he remarked, "But it does look as if
you need a good meal or two from the way your ribs are showing. Reaching to her
waist he slid her knickers down. Geegee didn't resist as he knelt and dried her
lower half although she knew he could see her pubic area. She even became a
little moist when he dried between her legs.

"Getting off on doing this are you?" she enquired sarcastically. "It this why
you picked me up?"

"You don't seem to be objecting or even embarrassed."

"You're not the first by a long way even though for a few more months more I'm
still only sixteen. You going to rape me now?"

"No, and you will be well advised to keep your tongue under control. You will
find out shortly what I am going to do. For now, hang your wet things on the
clothes horse and put them around the stove to dry and I'll find a dressing gown
and a pair of moccasins, then I'll cook something for you. I ate at Tesco's.
Afterwards I'll consider you are in my employ or in my charge and go through
what you are going to be doing during your stay here and how I expect you to
behave and what you can expect if you don't. I won't tolerate thieving."

Roger fried up some eggs and bacon with left-over potatoes and made a reasonable
meal which Geegee readily consumed and afterwards took tea and cake into the
lounge. One end of the room was still piled with stuff left by the previous
occupant and yet to be sorted but the settee was clear and a portable electric
heater stood in the hearth. Settling into the settee but keeping apart, Roger
asked why she was living rough and not at home.

"Another bloody counseling session I suppose but you may as well know. When I
left school my mother gave me six months to find a job and leave the house.
She'd wanted me out of the way for a long while so she could carry on with her
whoring sideline."

"What about your father?"

"I can just about remember him."

"Did anyone ever give you a good hiding when you did wrong?"

"Nah. Mum wouldn't dare cuz she's smaller than me and she knows I could knock
the shit out of her. She sometimes bitches about what I get up to but I clout
her and she shuts up."

"How come you got thrown out then?"

"She took in a boyfriend and he threw me out."

By now the tea and cake was finished and they sat facing each other. Geegee
trying to look brave; Roger trying to find the best form of words for what he
had to say.

"Geegee, the time has come..."

"The Walrus said," mocked Geegee laughing.

Roger was not amused and his anger rose. Without another word he pulled the girl
over the arm of the settee and used the belt from her robe to tie her hands to
one of the legs. Removing his own belt he placed the girl's legs over his lap
and proceeded to strap Geegee's bare arse hard and fast.

"Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack!" The belt sang its painful
song accompanied by descant screams and wails from its recipient. Geegee
struggled and tried to kick but Roger was far too strong. His left arm encircled
her legs around the knees while his right laid the belt firmly across the plump
arse on his lap.

"Scream as much as you like Geegee. No one is likely to hear." Roger ignored the
obscenities, threats and finally pleas from the girl laying across him. Her bum
cheeks at first rosy red were now turning fiery and purple but he didn't let up
until her screams had turned just to loud sobbing. He hadn't hit with all his
full force but the strapping had been prolonged and she would feel it for the
next few days. Putting the belt down he continued to hold the tormented girl
until her writhing ceased and her sobbing had eased. Bending he gently kissed
each hot arse cheek as his hard cock pressed painfully inside his trousers into
her crotch area. Dearly he would have loved to have opened her thighs and rammed
it into her cunt but for now he decided it would be wise to hold himself in
check.

"You sod, you bloody sod!" Geegee had begun to get her voice under control.

"Think on what you say, Geegee. I can very easily repeat the punishment if that
is what you want."

"No! No please no more. Let me go. Please, Roger, please."

"I am not going to let you go if by that you mean allowing you to leave the
house but I will release your hands. That punishment was just for stealing my
stuff." Roger slowly released her hands which immediately went to the bottom and
gently started to massage it. Allowing her a few minutes to recover, Roger
ordered her to kneel in front of him. Carefully she did so. Tears still streamed
down her cheeks.

"It would have been better if you had taken me to the police...."

"No, Gee, not in the long run. Had I done that you would have stolen from other
people because you would have had no job, no money, no food and no home. Here
you have most of those things and...."

"And a sodding sore arse!"

"Yes, and that may not be the only time your arse is sore. It all depends on
you. That is the first stage of your training and you had better believe me when
I say I am quite willing to whip or cane your arse in the future if you don't
make a real effort with your work here. You may not have wanted this job but
you've got it and you are going to do the very best you can. Understand?"

"Not really. How can you force a person to stay and work for you under these
conditions. Are you going to put a ball and chain on my legs?"

"That's not a bad idea." Roger was now smiling, "But I hope that isn't
necessary. I may have to hobble you or tie you when I am not around for the
first few days but after that I will start to trust you to stay. You may not
find the work as dull as perhaps you imagine." For the next half an hour Roger
went on to explain the duties he expected Geegee to perform. "I know you are
unfamiliar with most of these jobs but I will show you and if you make a real
effort any mistakes will not be punished. However, if you deliberately try and
disobey or skive or steal, then expect more of the belt and not just on your
arse either."

Geegee kept moving to try and ease her arse and asked a few questions concerning
what she would be doing and what he expected of her. Finally she asked what had
been on her mind for some time. "Where will I sleep. I couldn't sleep in that
dirty room you showed us. What about the bedroom next to yours?"

"I know the housekeeper's room is not ready. I didn't expect anyone to be able
to come and live in for a fortnight at least. You can use the bedroom next to
mine but the connecting door doesn't lock and for the first few days I will have
to fasten you to the bed. I'm also a horny young man so ...."

Geegee whispered, "I can see that." Her eyes went to the bulge in his trousers.
"It looks to me as if you just wanted to thrash me so you force me into fucking.
So you could rape me. You s...." She stopped before saying "sod".

"I shan't rape you Gee. You will have to agree to any fucking but you may
actually find it better in my bed anyway," Roger went on, "The sheets are aired
and the mattress is softer. And I may be able to comfort you."

"So your cock gets better access to my cunt."

"Of course. Now I think it would be a good idea if you had a bath. No shower in
this place as yet. Just an old fashioned iron bath but the old coal stove in the
kitchen does get the water real hot."

The large Victorian bathroom seemed just as decrepit as the rest of the house to
Gee. Its white tiled walls and black and white chequered lino on the floor, the
mahogany seated toilet with its rusting cistern above and a chain with its
porcelain pull handle were all reminiscent of a past era. An era Gee was totally
unfamiliar with. She stared at the frost patterned glass in the window and
looked round. Below the window stood a large somewhat stained sink. The bath
stood on the other side away from the wall so there was space to walk all the
way round it. In its time it must have been expensive but now the brass taps
were going green, and there were turquoise stains where water had dripped on the
enamel. Even the ornate dolphin feet were covered with grime. Roger had cleaned
the worst of the mess from the inside so he could use it but hadn't yet got
round to giving it a proper clean. "God, this place looks like a museum," Gee
remarked.

As he had said, the water came out very hot and needed plenty of cold to get the
temperature comfortable. "It's probably better if you kneel rather than sit,"
Roger advised her as he removed her robe.

"You aren't going to watch while I bathe are you?" Geegee suspected the answer
before she asked but was surprised when he said, "No, .... I'm going to bathe
with you!"

Just the touch of the warm water on her sore flesh made Geegee cry out when her
arse first entered it but gradually the pain eased as she lowered herself
further. Roger undressed and placed his clothes on the nearby cork topped stool.
Out of the corner of her eyes, Geegee watched to see what his body would be
like. "Not bad," she thought and then, "Oh my God," when he lowered his
trousers. Even when only half hard, it was much larger than any she'd seen or
had previously. She continued to slyly observe him as he lifted the mahogany
seat, peed, then pulled on the porcelain knob. The loud clonking clunk of the
cast iron bell inside the cistern caused her to jump and the water cascading
down the pipe made her realise she needed to pee too. "This place is a sodding
museum," she muttered, for the second time, "They probably had a more modern
shithouse in the Ark!".

As Roger climbed in the bath and sat in front of Geegee his cock almost brushed
her face. "You can have a good look," he said, "We're going to be living and
sleeping together for a month so we might as well get used to each other's
body's from the start. Now lean forward and hold the side of the bath while I
soap and wash your back."

As she leaned forward, her face again almost touched his cock. She could clearly
see its red head and smell its distinct aroma. "Will he want me to suck it? Will
he make me?" she wondered but he didn't force her. Methodically and almost
clinically he washed her back and then her front. Geegee just held on to the
bath not wanting to sit on her sore bum.

Later, as they sat in their dressing gowns drinking hot chocolate and making
'fire toast' in front of the kitchen stove, Geegee kneeling with two cushions
under her backside, she tentatively asked, "Roger? What do you really want me
here for? I'm not daft although I might not have any exam qualifications. I've
lived in the real world, been with men and they all want something, usually it's
sex but few want to give anything in return. You don't want me as a housekeeper
that's for sure."

"Well, I really did want a housekeeper and still do. I can't get this place in
any sort of order on my own and still find time to write. Then when you knocked
at the door, I first thought I wouldn't mind her in my bed so yes, I would like
to have sex with you. You're young and attractive, and have a spark of life in
you. I like that too. Then as we chatted over lunch I began to wonder if you
couldn't become a character in a new novel. I write horror fiction...."

"And you thought I was something horrible! Thanks a lot!" Geegee interrupted
sounding annoyed. "If you ask me I should have thought Mrs. Bagshaw would have
made a better horror character!"

"No, no, no Gee. In horror stories you need sweet innocence up against fiendish
ogres. You, I know, are not that innocent and I am not an ogre although you
might think so at the moment but the setting here is pretty spooky and old so I
can easily alter the time period to the days when the evil squire held sway over
those around him."

"Like you have over me now! Staying with you is just the lesser of two evils."

"No! Staying with me may be more painful in the short term but it would be more
evil to let you go and hurt other people and perhaps destroy their lives."

"Yeah, yeah, I heard the sob tales before."

Roger had a small fan heater going in the bedroom to raise the temperature a
little. There was no central heating in the old house. Geegee winced a little as
she got in the bed and pulled up the blanket and duvet while Roger turned off
the heater. "At least this is more comfortable than the shelter," she remarked,
"But I don't know if I shall feel comfortable with your weight on top of me."

"That you are about to find out." Roger pushed open her legs and massaged her
cunt. Despite herself, Geegee responded and became very wet. Roger's prick was
now fully engorged as he pressed it to her vaginal opening.

"Please take it easy," whispered Geegee, "I've not had one that big. I lied
earlier. I haven't been fucked many times before. I am almost innocent in that
respect."

Roger did as she requested until he was fully in and the lubrication from his
pre-cum and her juices allowed him to fuck her hard. He knew part of her groans
were from the punishment her sore arse was taking but the other part was from
pleasure. She cried out as her climax reached it peak and soon after Roger
withdrew immediately releasing a copious amount sperm on to her belly. "I'd
better get a supply of condoms in the morning," he thought as he reached for a
tissue, "And perhaps get her on the pill."

"I thought you would rape me," Geegee muttered, "And I sodding was right."

Roger kissed her. "You enjoyed that too so don't lie to me." He gave her arse
cheeks a squeeze to emphasise his point then cuddled her close. For a while they
both lay quiet bodies pressed together while the remainder of his sperm dried on
both of them. Both lay awake, both wondering what the future would hold for
them.




Chapter 3. Punished again

Roger woke the sleeping naked girl in the bed alongside him. "Wake up, time to
get the morning tea and stoke the fire."

"Urrghh! What? What time is it?" Geegee struggled to free herself from his arms.

"Seven o'clock. Up you get housekeeper and put the kettle on then I'll show you
how to make breakfast and see to the fire." He gave Geegee a push to get her out
of bed.

"Ouch," cried Geegee as his hand lightly smacked her still sore behind, "Is that
the evil squire sending the innocent servant girl back to her quarters after
raping and taking her virginity last night?"

At least she's a bit chirpier this morning thought Roger as he replied, "Yes and
she'll get another taste of the squire's belt if she doesn't get a move on!"

He was laughing as he said it and it caused a smile from Geegee too as she got
out of bed. Just out of range of his hand she bent down and showed her arse for
a few seconds before saying, "I'd better be off then. Perhaps I should show this
to the police surgeon, I might get a few pounds compensation. This is grievous
bodily harm."

"And what about your stealing?"

"No sodding witnesses. Your word against mine."

"Yes, but whose word are they likely to believe? Gee your punishment for that is
over. Lets get down to what I expect you to work at today. I'm paying you
remember?"

Over breakfast, Roger discussed plans for the day. "My usual routine is
housework in the morning, writing in the afternoon. When I am writing I hate
being disturbed because it often completely breaks my train of thought. That's
one of the reasons for the notice on the door. First though, your bags had
hardly any clothes in them. Have you any more at home?" Getting a negative
answer, he went on, "We'll go into town first thing this morning, visit the
charity shops and then get some overalls and working clothes because as you saw,
some of the rooms are filthy. And then we'll visit the family planning clinic to
get you on the pill."

By lunch time they were back with more clothes than she ever owned in her life.
His generosity surprised her. She was supposedly only on a month's trial as a
housekeeper and yet she had work clothes, house clothes and going out clothes.
Admittedly much of the clothing was second-hand but even so he had paid out a
considerable amount of money. "Obviously he wants some return on this, but if it
is only a few fucks and not too much belt, why should I worry. I quite enjoyed
last night. No one else has made me cum like that."

"Gee, this afternoon, I want to work on my new novel and I'll try and work
through till 4.30. Make tea and bring it in at 3 o'clock and ..." He went on and
gave instructions for preparing dinner and also set her to sorting out one
corner of the lounge. Before leaving her to get on he said, "If the phone rings,
answer it and take a message, if someone comes to the door, find out what they
want and send them away, if there is anything you don't know what to do about,
use your initiative or ask me at tea break. Absolute rubbish, like rotting
carpet and moth eaten fabric, dump in the old stable at the side of the house if
it is not raining. I'll hire a skip when there is enough. All the other items
and nick-nacks, clean and put to one side. They may look like rubbish but they
may well be valuable as antiques. The main thing to remember is not to disturb
me before three and again not until I come out from the study."

Next morning at breakfast Geegee enquired about the previous owner. "She was an
old spinster lady. Died at 95. She been dead for two weeks when they found her.
Lived alone for years. House had been in her family for generations. A nephew in
the States inherited it and came over but when he saw the state it was in,
appointed an agent to sell it complete as it is. It stood empty for some time
because no one was able to get a mortgage on it. Luckily my last book was a best
seller and was translated into many languages and made a into a film so I had
enough cash to buy it. I wanted a place with atmosphere and was out of the way
so I could work in peace. The original part was built in the thirteen hundreds
as a rectory for the ruined church that is across the fields. At the black death
most of the village moved to the other side of the river and in 1850 or so, they
built the new church close to the new village. Not sure now if buying it was a
good idea as there is so much work to do on the place."

"Do you want me to continue doing the lounge today or start somewhere else?"
enquired Geegee.

"Any suggestions. Just about everywhere needs doing. I shall be helping this
morning. It's too wet to clear any more of the jungle outside."

"On one training scheme we had to clear a building ready for decorating for old
peoples homes. One of the few things I remember is they told us to always work
from the top down. If you clear the bottom first, you cart all the dirt from
upstairs through what you have already done."

"That's education for you," Roger laughed, "You see these training schemes do
have a purpose." Upstairs they debated where to start when Geegee opened a door
to a further set of stairs that led upwards to another locked door. "I think
that is the attic," Roger said, "But I don't seem to have a key for it."

"I bet I do!" Geegee ran down stairs and returned with a bunch of door keys.
"Found these when clearing the lounge yesterday." One did indeed fit the lock
but the door not having been opened for decades, took a great deal of force for
the seized up hinges to open. Neither knew what to expect but even so were
unprepared to find just a blank brick wall. Real disappointment showed on
Geegee's face as she hammered on the herringbone patterned brickwork between
wood uprights.

"Why? Why would they have a door that only opens to a wall?"

"I don't know Gee and we don't know which came first, this paneling with the
door or the wall behind it. Perhaps there is another entrance but there is
definitely a room behind these walls because there are windows in the roof that
weren't sealed up when the window tax came in. They have been there a very long
time." Roger thought for a few minutes while Gee continued to kick and hit the
wall. "I'll tell what we might try. If we climb out of the back bedroom window
on to the flat roof of the kitchen extension, a short ladder will get us on to
the roof and we can see if a roof light will open."

"So you want me to use my burglary skills now do you?"

Entry proved easier than anticipated. The wood holding the catch was fairly
rotten and a quick pull and the light hinged up. Geegee shone her torch inside.
"It's full of stuff like the bedrooms. There is a floor and I think there is a
chest under here to get down on." In fact the chest was to one side but she was
able to lower herself down. "Place is filthy and it's a good job I'm not afraid
of spiders," she called up to him, "Wait a minute I'll move the chest a bit so
an old man like you can get down easier."

"Cheeky bitch! I'm not that much older than you." However, the chest was full
and the strap broke when Geegee tried to pull on it and in the end Roger had to
lower himself down the same as she had but she did clear a space on the floor to
put his feet.

Clambering over boxes and other junk for the short distance to the wall, they
discovered the brick wall was only a foot wider than the doorway and it was on a
slideway with a wood bar at floor level at one end that prevented it moving.
Access to the bar from the other side was by a secret sliding panel. With the
mechanism visible from the back it was easy to work out how it should be
operated from the other side but it took a considerable amount of effort before
they were able to get the wall to slide. "I'm sure," Roger commented, "If we
apply plenty of oil or grease to the slides, we can move it from the other side.
I bet it's the first time it's been moved for hundreds of years." For now they
left it in the open position. Geegee was thrilled to have found a secret room, a
room no one had entered for many lifetimes.

As their eyes became accustomed to the dim light level penetrating through the
roof windows and from the small open door, it allowed them to see that like the
rest of the house, the whole space was packed with boxes and chests. Several
very old dresses were on stands and in one corner, Geegee found a very old gun.

"Wow!" She picked it up and pointed it at Roger, "Stand and deliver! Your money
or your life."

Roger gently pushed it aside. "Careful Gee, it might have been loaded and it
might even have worked after all these years."

"Perhaps after last night I might want to blow your balls off," laughed Gee, "I
could always plead that I didn't know the gun was loaded!"

"Think of the pleasure you'd miss out on Gee," Roger quipped back.

Roger found a couple of fine swords all wrapped in oiled cloth, then a Chinese
figure.

"Here's another one of those leather tubes like I found in the back of the
lounge," Geegee stated but this one has sticks in. Sorta like a golf thing."

"Perhaps that is something I should restore ready for use. You don't know what
it is, do you?" Gee shook her head. "The sticks would have been birch rods and
they would have been tied in bundles like an old fashioned broom. The leather
tube would have contained brine or vinegar or some such which would have kept
the birch rods supple ready for chastising naughty girls like you!"

"Well it's a good job it's too decrepid to use now. You belt is bad enough.
There's no telling what a sadist like you would do with bloody birch rods."
Gee's laughter took the sting from her words.

Geegee was darting around looking in boxes and opening drawers until Roger
called a halt. They couldn't get far into the attic without climbing over stuff
and they were creating a great amount of dust which was beginning to cause them
to sneeze.

"Gee, my guess is that there is a lot of what is now valuable stuff in here so I
think we had better close the roof window and examine the room in a better light
before we do some expensive damage and we'll need a vacuum cleaner to remove the
dust as we go along."

Reluctantly Geegee agreed. While Roger drove to town and bought a long extension
lead and a pair of floodlights, Geegee took a few of the smaller items
downstairs to clean them. The Chinese figure a little over a foot high
particularly interested her and on their Thursday shopping trip, Roger took her
with it to a local auction house where they suggested it was carved from jade
and might be four hundred years old. Possibly it might fetch ?20,000 or more at
auction but as it was a specialist thing it might be better to use one of the
bigger London auctioneers. Even some of the smaller items they suggested could
be worth several hundred pounds each. Learning there was much more to be found,
they wanted to send a buyer in and catalogue it all. Seeing Geegee looking very
disappointed, Roger declined saying they wanted the fun of looking and finding
out what was there and asked for advise on where to find information. "We are
going to have to sell the stuff or at least most of it partly to clear it out of
the way and partly to pay for repairs to the place. You've been very helpful and
are local so we will be using you, but we do want to do the job in our own
time." The dealer suggested several books and a couple of Internet sites where
they might learn more about what they had. He also gave some general advise on
cleaning the items so they did not lose their valuable patina.

For the next three days, Geegee worked in the attic when other duties allowed.
Roger was able to get two of the books suggested and set up his old computer so
she could access the Internet but she was not allowed to use it in the
afternoons when he was working. He also set up an Access document for her to
catalogue the stuff she found in the house. She became engrossed in finding out
what the items were and when they were made and a little of the history behind
them. "Gee," Roger remarked, "For someone with no exam qualifications you are
very bright." However, it was her enthusiasm for finding the information that
led to her second spanking.

Roger had given her strict instructions to put the casserole in the bottom of
the oven at 2:30. By 3:30 when his tea hadn't arrived he went to check and found
her with her nose in a book and a silver bracelet in her hand.

"Oh my God! Sod! I didn't notice the time." Geegee swore. Roger did not like
having his routine upset. Tea in the afternoon was at three, dinner at five. Not
3:05 or 5:05. Today dinner would be at least an hour late. Picking up Geegee he
placed her over his knee and, despite her struggles, slid her jeans down and
pasted her bare backside with his hand. It wasn't a seriously hard spanking but
it reddened and warmed her arse. Geegee wriggled and squealed but Roger held her
firmly and didn't stop until both bum cheeks were rosy red and tender. Roger's
cock not unsurprisingly grew as her pelvis moved and wriggled over it. She
squirmed and tears ran down her face but didn't make too much noise. Squeals
turned to moans as his hand smoothed over the warm flesh and felt the wetness
between her legs.

"Fuck me Rog. Fuck me please," she begged.

Roger wasted no time. Pulling her jeans and knickers right off, he bent her over
the end of the settee and took her doggie style. By now she knew what to expect
as they had made love every night in bed and elsewhere but this was the first
time he'd had her from the back. Groaning and encouraging him to thrust deeper
she pushed back hard at each of his thrusts and cried out as she climaxed inside
her.

"Let that be a lesson to you," Roger exclaimed laughingly when he pulled out.

"Umm! Yes, thank you! Sorry Rog. I was just trying to find a date for this
silver bracelet thing. Do you know everything I have been able to identify seems
to date before 1750," replied Geegee as she put the kettle on.

"You need to find out who the vicar was at that time. They weren't all celibate
God-fearing men. Some just bought their way into the benefice for the money and
prestige."

*****

"It would have been the Reverend Christopher Winterton," Mark Faurs the present
incumbent of the new vicarage unformed them looking up from the old book he was
studying. "He was the vicar here from 1740 to 1751. I think he was a bit of a
character from what I remember my predecessor told me before he died. He was
more of a historian than me. From my recollection, Winterton was shot when the
excise men surprised them smuggling. You might try the public records office and
Miss Fairchild who is the village historian now."

Both sources were very helpful and the records office produced the report of the
shooting incident from the excise office and an account by Nathaniel Dickson.
"We had information from a fishing vessel the Emma May that cargo from a known
smuggling cutter Martha Jean was to be landed on the beach off Northfield Sands
on the night of May 21st 1751. We waited behind the seawall until the contraband
was being loaded on to carts to be taken inland. When challenged several of the
smugglers drew pistols but us excise men had rifles and shot five and arrested
the others." Later accounts told of those arrested being publicly hanged and the
siezure of the vessel by a naval ship. The Rev. Winterton was one of those shot.

While in town, they visited the Job Centre. "So you've brought her back then!"
Miss Matthews smirked.

"Not so," Roger replied, "She's an excellent worker. I've just come to find out
what forms I need to fill in to keep her in my employ."

"Sorry, I didn't think she had the skills needed for housekeeping - perhaps she
has other qualities she didn't mention to us." Miss Matthews smiled knowingly.

"Yes," Roger went on, "Yes she has. Housekeeping is now auxiliary to her main
job as my research assistant."

Continuing to smile as if she knew all along Geegee would be doing most of her
work on her back, she asked "And what sort of research is she doing, Sir?"

"Local history," Geegee interrupted. She pushed the photocopied excise documents
and two library books in front of the woman. "I just needed the incentive of
something more than the crap training schemes you were offering me. Now I have
it and I am sticking with it."

The next stop was the Probation Office where she had to file a change of address
and her employment. Again they were surprised. Her particular Officer said he
would drop in sometime and see how she was getting on. Everyone knew it was to
check that her employment wasn't prostitution. "Come round anytime. Roger won't
give you his phone number so just take pot luck but we seem to be in most days
except for shopping trips a couple of mornings a week."




Chapter 4. Discovery in the crypt

By the end of the fourth week, the floor of the attic was reasonably clean and
most things had at least been looked at if not identified. Some items were is
such a bad condition or were so full of woodworm they were dumped but a great
deal still remained. They had been sorted into catagories ready for going to
auction as few at a time so the prices would remain relatively high. The dresses
on the stands were given to a local museum who were extremely grateful to
receive them even though the material was moth eaten and full of dust. They said
the museum had the means to preserve and restore them and were excellent
examples of early eighteenth century dress. A few items had already gone to
auction and had been sold for a better than expected prices, others were at the
auction house awaiting the right time to put them on the market. "We are at
least selling enough stuff to pay your wages, Gee," Roger remarked.

"Shall we start on the crypt next?" asked Geegee, "The stuff from there will
have to come up to the ground floor to get rid of it." Roger led the way down a
flight of rickety stairs to a cellar which was again full of junk or perhaps
treasure although this time it seemed more like old household items. At the far
end were piles of old rags and a wall covered with rotting tapestries and below
them an ornate bureau which was probably valuable. Roger stayed to help even
though it was now afternoon and he should have been writing. He felt responsible
for Geegee's welfare. Professional cleaners would have worn space suit type
protective clothing, Geegee and Roger made do with overalls, hats and face masks
to protect themselves. Even with two vacuum cleaners going to try and keep the
mess to the minimum it was a dirty dusty job. They pushed the bureau to one side
and behind it found a small locked door. None of the keys they had fitted the
lock.

"It's an Alice in Wonderland door," joked Geegee, "Perhaps we have to eat a
toadstool and shrink before we get through. "She used the small wrecking bar
they'd bought to open some of the other chests to force the door. Inside was a
sparsely furnished room. "This is the real crypt Rog." Gee remarked, "What we've
been calling the crypt was really just the cellar. It looks as if someone lived
in here too." Roger squeezed through the opening after her bringing one of the
floodlights with him.

As expected the place was covered with the dirt of ages but they could make out
a desk under a small window set very high in the wall, a window covered with
weed growth on the outside. Little light came though. In front of the desk was a
stool, and over in the corner, a large box full of rags. Some books, one of
which was obviously a large bible, sat in a pile by the desk together with an
assortment of small items hardly recognizable under the dirt. A large crucifix
hung on the far wall with a table underneath with two metal candleholders.
Alongside the wall by the door was a low wooden bench.

"This could be a room I think they call a priest hole, where people came to
worship in times when their religion was oppressed. Seem to remember being told
about them at school but it wasn't anything that really interested me at the
time. But I think we ought to leave this room until the morning, Gee. It's
getting dark and we're both filthy and need a bath before you warm up dinner."

"Yeah okay, let's just take these books up although they probably won't shed
much light on the history of the place." In truth she was rather disappointed by
the sparse contents of the room and tired from the exertions of getting to it.
She'd anticipated it being another Aladdin's cave of treasures.

That evening when Roger was working on his computer again, Geegee looked at the
heavy tomes they had brought down. The bible was a beautiful brass bound edition
with illuminated lettering and gothic print. It was nice but what interested her
most was the family tree on the first few pages ending with the birth of
Christopher Winterton in 1699. He had one older sister and she and his father
had both died in 1733 within days of each other. "Guess the same disease killed
them both," mused Geegee. His mother died two years later. Two other large books
seemed like Latin prayer books and because of their size, probably for church
use. The last of the four tomes was a ledger and after looking at some of the
entries Geegee guessed it had to do with the reverend's smuggling activities
from about 1740. In July 1750 the handwriting changed from a spidery scrawl to
neat copper plate lettering. Although faded it was still readable and showed
when contraband came in and who it was sold to. She was surprised they kept such
records but then discovered a payment to the Lord of the Manor each year as a
percentage of the total income. She guessed the Lord insisted on the records. It
took her a little while to realise some of the items recorded on the last pages
were those which she had found in the attic.

The records ended in May 1751 and Geegee assumed she had come to the end but
before she closed the book she turned a few more pages and found a story or
letter really, handwritten in the same neat hand. When Roger came down an hour
later, Geegee was sobbing.

"What's up Gee?" he asked putting his arms around her.

"We may have a girl's body in that room." She showed him the story. His eyes too
began to water even though he only skipped through the pages. "That's as good a
horror story as you'll ever write," Gee sniffled.

"No, Gee, that is a story you have to write. You can use it as the central part
of a book but you would need to find much more on the Reverend and the Lady and
the smuggling activities of that period. First though it would be a good idea to
type all of this story into your computer so you have it in a clearly readable
form. The pages of this book won't stand a lot of handling so it will be best to
preserve it."

"I can't write a book!"

"Why not?"

"I can't even type except with two fingers."

"There's programs for the computer that teach you to use all fingers or you
could go on a college course. We'll start in the morning after we get back from
town. Perhaps we'll look in on Miss Matthews just to see her face when you ask
for a typing course!" Roger cuddled her and tried to lift some of her gloom. "I
think we'll wait before we look further in that room. If we do find a body or
most likely after this time it will be a skeleton, then we'll have police and
forensics here nosing around. They do that even when they know the body is
hundreds of years old."

Geegee grinned at Baz sitting waiting for another interview with Biddy Bitch.
"Still nothing?" she asked him.

"Nah, still she gives me park work when she knows I'm not cut out for it. How
about you? Haven't seen yer here lately."

"Oh, I'm working for Roger here. Biddy only gave me the interview cos she
thought I wouldn't make it but I seem to be doing okay."

Miss Matthews smiled her 'I told you so' smile again when they entered. "Well
you made it through the month Miss Gerrart, so I suppose you want to go on the
dole again?"

"Nope! I need a typing course. My research work is leading on to writing a
reference book," Geegee said as loftily as she was able.

"You only lasted two days on the office training scheme we put you on....."

"Cut the sarcasm, Miss Matthews. I haven't time to waste. She needs to learn to
type. What can you offer?" Roger cut in.

"The only college course is three parts through," Miss Matthews turned to him
abruptly, "You may get private tuition at 'Computer and Business Services' but
they could be expensive."

"I can set it against my tax as staff training." Roger paused while Miss
Matthews scowling wrote the address on a slip of paper for him. When she'd
finished Roger asked, "Would you care to have dinner with us on Friday? I know
the office closes early on Fridays so perhaps I could pick you up at four and
then you can see the work she is doing. I am sure you are dying to know why she
has stayed with me. Perhaps you might then be a little less sceptical. It will
be very informal as the place isn't yet ready for dinner parties."

"You sod! Why'd you invite the biddy bitch for dinner? You virtually forced her
to come." Gee exploded when they left the centre.

"Gee, she can and will help you if she believes you are really working. I'm sure
she believes we are just man and whore."

"Well we are that too!" Gee laughed, "That's in my job description, isn't it?"

Roger arranged four two hour typing sessions for Gee on the mornings he would
normally be in town. They were expensive but he felt that once she got the hang
of using all her fingers, then practice and a cheap computer programme would be
all that was required. As luck would have it, they were able to arrange a one
hour trial session that morning.

Gee was eager to try her new if limited skills that afternoon and persuaded
Roger to set her computer up temporarily in the lounge. She couldn't access the
Internet or the printer from there but she could do the typing and save it to
disc.

"I have a book with practice exercises if you want," Roger offered but Gee
refused saying she wanted to get on with the story. "Well make sure you don't
wet the book with your tears."

Geegee started.




Chapter 5. Lady Elizabeth Manning

May twenty third in the year of our Lord 1751

'My name is Lady Elizabeth Manning daughter of Lord Joshua Manning of Felstead
Hall in the County of Essex. When you read this, I shall probably be long dead
because of my promise on the bible to the Lord and to the Reverend Winterton not
to reveal his wrong doings while he was still alive. He is now dead and I only
expect to last another week at the most. There is little water left and no food.
No one knows I am here and there is no way out but I believe it is important
that the truth concerning my disappearance is known.

The events pertaining to this account began about a year ago, on June 1st 1750.
My father needed to visit Copenhagen on Court business and suggested I go with
him as the weather in June was usually fair and the boat trip should not be too
rough. His forecast proved correct and we had a most enviable month at the
palace and in the house of Count Borgensen. However, the return trip proved
disastrous for me and heralded my utter degradation and ultimately, my death.

About three days from Copenhagen while sailing in open water with just a light
breeze, the sailors became agitated when another vessel was sighted behind us.
They set extra sails on the brigantine but even so the vessel which they called
a cutter overhauled us. I was sent below and could see little of what happened.
I heard a canon and a splash. Later I found this was a warning shot which the
crew tried to ignore. For some time after there was relative quiet and then the
most ghastly explosions and noises of tearing and splintering wood. I learned
later the cutter and sailed around the brigantine and fired her canons and
brought down the mainmast. Shortly after I heard the sounds of fighting and
pistol shots before it went relatively quiet again. I ventured out and was
immediately seized by two men I didn't know. Father and some of the ships crew
were held at gun point in a corner of the main deck and when he saw me he rushed
over but a bullet killed him before he had taken two steps. I managed to free
myself and go to his side but it was too late and I was quickly captured and
held again and my hands tied.

The pirates, for that is what they were, worked quickly getting the cargo of
brandy and silks from our ship on to theirs. Soon all had been transferred and
the man who I later came to know as Captain Jimo ordered me aboard his ship.
Before I left they threw all of our remaining crew into the main hold. I started
to protest at the cruelty but soon found it made no difference. As the two ships
parted, one man lit a fuse and we had gone but a hundred yards when the
brigantine blew apart and was gone forever. My captors took me to the mizzen
mast and tied my hands to it. For what seemed ages I was left while the crew got
on with their work, stowing their new cargo and doing some repairs to the
rigging that had been damaged in the fight.

Presently the captain came to me. He was a horrible looking man with yellow
teeth and a big scar down one cheek. He asked who I was and what I was doing on
the ship. When I told him and pleaded to be released he just laughed and lifted
my skirts. I tried to kick when I felt his hand between my thighs but soon
learned that was a bad thing to do. "Get me a withie, Boy," he yelled to a youth
nearby, "Her ladyship needs teaching some manners." 'Boy' returned with a long
stick. My dress and underskirts were pulled up and tied around my waist. My bare
bottom parts were now fully exposed and my cries and pleas went unheeded, in
fact they only seemed in inflame the men who now stood around into making coarse
remarks on my predicament.

"A dozen should do for starters," the captain leered, "That should make you
think twice before you resist again." I doubt you can image my feelings at
hearing that. My world had just ended, I had seen my father shot dead and the
crew murdered and now I was half naked and tied to a mast in front of a
salacious group of men waiting to receive a thrashing. The captain and the crew
made other foul remarks but even now I write such words with great distaste and
will only use them to add authenticity to the narrative. I hardly heard the
sound above the sea as the withie hit my bottom but it felt as if I was struck
with a red hot poker. I screamed but before many seconds passed another line of
fire crossed my bottom. At this time I was certain I was bleeding but there were
only a few droplets of blood where the end of the withie cut in. At the ninth
stroke I passed out and was revived by having sea water thrown in my face and he
continued until I had the full dozen. While I was still reeling from the pain he
again thrust his hand between my legs, this time if full view of the crew and
with calls of encouragement from them.

By then I was past caring, the pain was so great but when I felt his finger
press inside my opening almost involuntarily I tried to jerk away. This did not
please him. He turned me so my back was against the mast, "Lookee missy, while
yer on my ship, I'll do what I like with yer!" He spat in my face but I think my
tears must have washed it away. Next thing I knew his hands were on the top of
my dress. With some force he pulled it down until my bosoms were hanging over
the top. Squeezing and kneading them he asked if I would like them warmed with
the withie and when I didn't answer he squashed both nipples until I cried out,
"No!"

"That's jest as well, cuz I'm goin to release yer from the mast but leave yer
hands tied and your titties out and yer dress tied up so all the men can see an'
feel yer all they want. Yer jest has to stay out on the main deck where I can
see and when I'm good and ready yer'll get to feel my pizzle in your tight
little cunny."

"Please don't" I begged through my tears.

"Yer wanna yer titties welted too?" I shook my head. "Then do as yer told. You
might be a Lady on shore but here your just a pleasure whore."

For the next hour I was made to walk around the deck and anyone who had nothing
to do at that moment, played with me in the most obscene way. Soon my bosoms
were sore from their rough handling but most embarrassingly I became wet between
my legs from their ministrations and I could feel liquid dribbling down my legs.
My dress became more and more torn as they sort to see more of my flesh. It was
the only one I had and I wondered what I would do when I got to shore, and then
I worried that I might never see land again. One sailor put his pizzle in my
hands although tied behind my back and worked himself back and forth until I
felt his seed on my back. Others openly 'wanked' (that is the term they used),
in front of me often choosing to loose their spending in my face or on my
breasts. Some were kinder than others and twice I was given something to drink,
water the first and rum next.

It must have been over an hour before the captain came down from the higher deck
at the back. "Cut her wrists free," he ordered one of the younger lads, a boy of
no more than fourteen, "Then take the rest of 'er clothes off and we can see all
'o 'er." By now I knew the futility of resisting and in any case the crew had
already seen my most private parts so I allowed him to remove what remained of
my dress but wasn't prepared for his next order. "Throw the rags over the side."
I stood there naked with nothing to put on at all.'

Gee had stopped typing and read and corrected the text. Roger came and sat by
her side and suggested she read it out loud. Part way through he stopped her.
"We need to get into the mood," he laughingly suggested. Suiting action to words
the removed Gee's jumper, opened her blouse and removed her bra leaving her tits
on show. "That's a bit better, now let's get those jeans off and bare your
bottom."

"OOOhh!" Gee squealed as she felt his hands massage her breasts and feel between
her legs. Typing and reading this part of the story sexually aroused her and she
too could feel wetness dribbling down her thigh now that her knickers were not
soaking it up. "Are you going to tie my hands too so you can have your fiendish
way with me? Are you going to wank in front of a poor innocent girl like me?"

Roger had already picked up a length of cord and was tying her wrists when he
answered, "Maybe I will but first I ought to cut a withie to warm your not so
innocent bottom!"

"What is a withie? The spell checker didn't recognise the word. I guess it's a
sort of cane."

"It's a local term for a stick used to mark the channel in creeks and small
rivers. Often they were hazel from coppices but the term was frequently used to
mean any sort of rough stick like those cut from a hedgerow."

"I don't think we need to get that authentic......" Roger was already leaving
the room.

Returning minutes later with secateurs one hand and a long slender and supple
twig in the other he asked, "Do you want an authentic full dozen or just a
gentle warming?"

"Neither! Just sodding untie me!"

Laughing at her predicament, Roger picked her up, took her to an oak post that
supported the upper floor of the old building and tied her wrists to the post so
they were held above her head. Geegee vented her anger by hurling invective at
him and futile kicking but Roger kissed her and said, "Oh I do love it when
you're angry and helpless. Just like our Lady Elizabeth but you'll have to
imagine we are on a moving ship, the seas are rushing by, sailors are watching
and taunting you, mocking your virgin body and I am a foul smelling, evil
captain about to thrash you viciously with a long withie."

Roger swung his 'withie' and produced a light stripe across Gee's arse. It stung
but didn't really hurt. "Oow! Stop it you sod!" Roger though, carried on
stinging her bottom until twelve light lines showed on the white flesh.

Releasing her from the post and sitting her on the floor he asked, "Are you
going to do as yer told or do yer want yer titties striped too?"

Gee took the cue from him "No, please no more."

"Well now you have to allow the crew to see and feel you as they want." Roger
played with her tits and then massaged her warm bum before standing and wanking
his cock in front of her face.

On impulse Geegee opened her mouth and took his cock in. Never before had she
sucked a man's cock except once to stimulate the boy to an erection. Now she
expected Roger to go the whole way. Lightly holding her head, Roger gently
fucked his cock between her lips while she used her tongue to lick the underside
of his shaft until Roger announced he was about to cum. Instead of pulling her
head away as he expected, she continued to suck vigorously and swallowed his
spunk. Still she continued sucking until his shaft softened and he withdrew.

"Gee, that was wonderful. I didn't expect you to suck me off like that." He
kissed her and could taste his sperm on her tongue when they battled inside her
mouth.

Suddenly Gee moved her head back and then nudged him in the chest to push him
away. "It's okay for you," she said, "My hands are still tied and I'm still
horny. How about you getting down and servicing me with your tongue? Fairs fair
and it will take that prick of yours a while to recover."

Roger picked his partner up and laid her along the settee with her arse on one
arm and her legs hanging over the end. Kneeling he placed her legs over his
shoulders and started to lick along her slit. Gradually he increased his licking
to include her arsehole. Soon his tongue was probing alternately in one hole and
then the other. Gee climaxed twice before he finally concentrated on sucking and
nipping her clit and she cried out as a monster climax hit her.

Later, over dinner they discussed what had happened and agreed to explore some
of the other sexual acts performed on Lady Elizabeth but without causing any
harm or too much pain.




Chapter 6. The Captains way

It was Thursday afternoon and Gee settled down at her computer again and re-read
the last paragraph she had typed.

It must have been over an hour before the captain came down from the higher deck
at the back. "Cut her wrists free," he ordered one of the younger lads, a boy of
no more than fourteen, "Then take the rest of 'er clothes off and we can see all
'o 'er." By now I knew the futility of resisting and in any case the crew had
already seen my most private parts so I allowed him to remove what remained of
my dress but wasn't prepared for his next order. "Throw the rags over the side."
I stood there naked with nothing to put on at all.'

She'd had another lesson that morning and felt she was making some progress in
learning to use all her fingers even though she made many mistakes. The woman
had placed a plastic shield over her hands so she couldn't see the lettering on
the keys and had made her type first some exercises to get her used to which
keys were where and then to type a letter from a copy placed in front of her.
That was easier than copying from the faded handwriting sitting before her now.
"I wonder how much I will get done this afternoon now that I have dressed more
in character with Elizabeth," she thought. Geegee had changed into a skirt and
blouse which she left open at the top and had left off her bra and knickers. "If
I get horny I can easily relieve myself. I wonder why that poor girl's plight
makes me that way? Do I want to be treated like that? Perhaps I do. When Roger
has beaten me I've always got randy but I don't think I would want to have the
really hard whippings and rapes Elizabeth had. Better get on," she mused.

'The captain came towards me and removed the belt from his breeches. I prayed he
wasn't going to hit me again but he just laid the belt down on a hatch and took
off his breeches. His pizzle was hard but not much different to the others I'd
seen that day but I rightly suspected he would use it to take my maidenhead and
that the others had to restrain themselves on his orders. Grasping one of my
hands he led me to the ship's rail and forced me to watch closely as he piddled
into the water. When he finished he sat on the rail with his bottom over the
side and pooped into the sea. Boy was made to hold me with my head close to the
water to view this scene close to. My hand was then dipped into the sea and I
was forced to wash his hole. As if this was not disgusting enough, he insisted I
push a finger right inside his hole and to work it back and forth. "That's right
missy," he kept saying, "Put it right in and clean the whole passageway." In
fear of making another acquaintance with the withie, I did as ordered.

"Your turn now missy." The captain leered at me. "I know ladies have to piss and
shit like us men and yer 'aven't been since yer came aboard." Picking me up he
dumped me down hard on the rail. I screamed as my sore bottom hit the hard wood
but he only laughed. To stop myself from falling overboard, I had to hold on to
the rigging ropes with two hands which of course allowed the captain and crew to
do as they wished with my nether parts. Captain Jimo picked me up again and
dropped me so my bottom was as far over the water as it would go and the back of
my knees were against the inside of the rail. Boy pulled my knees far apart so
the captain could look right into my privates.

"Piss!" he roared at me but although I had a full bladder I couldn't bring
myself to relieve it in front of him. Boy splashed water on me and the captain
tickled me there until I felt myself go. I know I blushed deeply at having to do
it with the captain's face only inches away and the rest of the crew watching.
Worse was to come. Before I finished the captain cupped his hand under the
stream and first rubbed some all over my private area and then over my bosoms.
"It's a long time since I had my hands full of virgin piss," he laughed at me
again and kissed and suckled my urine coated breasts.

"Shit," he ordered. Not knowing what he would do it I refused or couldn't, I
pressed down with my bowel muscles and felt a turd emerge. Cries of "More.
More," came from both sides of me and turning my head I could see the crew
leaning over the side watching. Somehow I was able to keep pushing down and
eventually the turd dropped into the water. Boy splashed some water over my hole
and tried in insert his finger. However, my tight bowel muscles prevented it
entering.

"It won't be so tight by the time we hand you over to the Parson," Boy said but
at the time I had no idea what he meant and before I could say anything, Captain
Jimo had lifted me back on deck and forced me to my knees with his pizzle close
to my face.

"Yeah, I'm glad the Parson asked us to look out for a young girl. We get to have
some fun with her before he does. You should think yourself lucky you weren't
blown up with the rest of 'em on yer ship." I did not think myself lucky at all,
most unlucky in fact. I had lost all I held dear to me and faced a fate that was
probably worse than death would have been.

"Yer should by now know what this is used for besides pissing," he indicated his
pizzle. I nodded only half knowing what to expect. My previous experience was
limited to twice watching servants copulating although they were unaware of my
presence. "Good, yers got three holes in yer body. Yer cunt is where it's meant
to go, your arse'ole which is what we have to use seeing we're all men here, and
yer mouth which agin we're used to. Now seeing this ole thing 'as gone a bit
slack you's gotta use that lovely mouth of yers to git it hard agin." From my
closeness to his pizzle I found the smell quite objectionable and didn't open my
mouth which very quickly annoyed him. Captain Jimo spun me round so I faced away
from him. Pushing his knees into the small of my back and pinning my arms behind
me he roared out, "Bo'sun! Bring that withie and tickle this bitch's tits with
it."

"No!" I cried out, "I'll do it."

"Yes, yer will and yer'll do it fust time in future." Turning to the bo'sun he
went on, "Tickle them well. Canna have haughty missies disobeying the captain
now can we." I wat.....'

Dring, dring. Dring, dring. Dring, dring. Dring, dring.

"Damn the phone," muttered Geegee as she made her way to the hall. It was one of
the old fashioned black type with a dial on the front and an insistent ring that
seemingly compelled an immediate answer.

"Good afternoon, The Old Rectory."

"Good afternoon. Is that Miss Gerrart? Miss Matthews here. Could I speak with
Mr. Robinson please about our dinner arrangement for tomorrow?"

"Sorry, Miss Matthews, Mr. Robinson is working and I am not allowed to disturb
him. Do you wish to cancel the arrangement?" Gee couldn't help the note of
delight in her voice.

"No, my partner Miss Overton asked if she could come along too. She is
interested in old buildings particularly churches and associated parsonages and
rectories."

"Your partner? As in person I live with?"

"Yes," replied Miss Matthews in a small voice and then more firmly, "When would
be a good time to phone him?"

"Oh no need Miss Matthews, I am sure it will be okay. If it isn't I'll get him
to phone you this evening but I am sure there is plenty of food and I'm doing
the cooking. You both had better be prepared for the worst!" laughed Geegee.
"And as Roger told you, it's going to be very informal. We don't have many rooms
clear yet."

"Don't worry about that. I shall look forward to seeing what you have been up
to." Geegee sensed a double entendre but decided to ignore it. It'll give the
two old maids something to talk about it when they find out just a little of
what she and Roger did together. Replacing the receiver she went to get back to
the story but realised she could only allow herself a few minutes more before
she had to start dinner. "I know why you dislike being disturbed now," she said
to Roger when they met later.

Back at the computer she read her last few lines and carried on.

'"Yes, yer will and yer'll do it fust time in future." Turning to the bo'sun he
went on, "Tickle them well. Canna have haughty missies disobeying the captain
now can we." I watched as the withie was swung in a wide arc and came crashing
across both of my tender breasts. I am sure my scream frightened all the fish
and birds for miles but I had little time to contemplate before the stick came
crashing down again. For the second time that day, I passed out. When I came to,
I was lying wet on the deck. A bucket of seawater had been thrown over me. My
titties as he called them were on fire with a pain that made that of my bottom
seem as nothing although lying on the hard deck I knew it was still very sore.

"Are yer ready to try agin?" Somehow I managed to struggle to my knees. I felt
the chill air on my wet body but it would do nothing to cool the fire in my
chest. I opened my mouth and took the head of his pizzle in. "Suck hard!" he
ordered and I tried to obey but he still seemed unsatisfied. Cruelly he felt my
tortured bosoms and when I opened my mouth the cry out with the pain he thrust
that filthy pizzle in as far as my throat. When I started to choke he withdrew
just a little and then thrust in again. All the time I could feel this monster
thing growing in size and hardness and then he withdrew. I couldn't help but
look at it so close it twas to my eyes. It seemed huge to me but in fact it was
no bigger than some I had seen earlier. Still I wondered however I would take it
inside me.'

"I'd better leave it." Gee spoke to herself. "Don't want to get a hiding just
for not having dinner ready. I'll read it through and do the corrections later."
She saved the work and was in the kitchen when Roger came down.

"Do you think they are lesbian lovers?" she asked when she told Roger of the new
dinner arrangements for the following day. "And did I do right in saying she
could bring her friend? And she also said she wanted to see what we did here and
I wasn't too sure how far to take that remark!"

"Yes, you did right to say her friend could come but I won't be able to answer
your other questions until tomorrow, if then. Apart from the phone call, how did
your afternoon go?"

"Got some more typed in but didn't have time to correct it. Seem to be getting
on a little faster now. The woman at the school is very good. D'ya know she even
asked if I wanted her alongside all the time or should she just look in every so
often. Apparently some girls, men as well, don't have the confidence to just
bash away and have to stop and correct every little mistake as they go along."

 "I'd like to do the correction on your bottom for every mistake you made!"
laughed Roger.

"I wouldn't sit for a month, you cruel sod. Rog.? Can a woman really stand being
whipped on her breasts?"

"I've seen pictures from the Internet that look as though their breasts have
been severely beaten but I've never seen it or heard of anyone who has. Why?

"Lady Elizabeth gets two whacks with the withie. She says she passed out after
the second."

"Come with me." Roger took her to his study and opened up a password protected
file, then launched Photoshop and loaded a dozen or so pictures. These showed
various women all with stripes or bruises on their breasts. Most too had their
breasts bound with ropes so they stood out and were bluish purple in colour.
Roger felt inside Gee's blouse and ringed one tit with both hands and squeezed
to imitate a rope binding. "Would you like to try just binding them to start
with?" he asked.

For a minute or so, Gee seemed to debate within herself what to do. "Would you
like to try it on me?"

"Yes dear, but only if you at least half agree or can be persuaded." Gee nodded.
"Then I suggest we go down and tie those titties of yours and then read through
what you have typed and evaluate the punishment you deserve for the typos."

Gee removed her blouse and sat in the chair in front of her computer while found
some plastic covered clothes line that seemed soft and smooth. When he returned
his manner changed as he fell into the role of a harsh master. "Stand up wench
and put your hands behind your neck. To Gee's surprise he bound them there and
when she tried to question him she was immediately silenced by the threat of
further punishment to her backside. While she knew he was play acting, she also
knew there was a very fine line between acting and reality when someone was
wielding a cane or belt.

Roger then proceeded wind the line tightly around the base of Gee's tits. Again
she tried to protest and complain it was too tight and this time Roger gagged
her saying, "For you to know what it is really like, I have to do it properly.
Four turns of the clothes line seemed sufficient to compress the base of the
tits and cause the rest to balloon out. Roger tied the ends up her back and to
the wrist binding so she couldn't bring her hands back over her head and cover
her tits that way. Roger sat with her on his lap and brought her document on the
screen. While it was loading his hands roamed the now colouring tit flesh and
the hardening nipples. Gee moaned in her gag.

Some of the typos were obvious and were underlined in red, others like where she
had typed then instead of them passed through the spellchecker system but
Roger's experienced eye picked them out. "Twenty-one errors which isn't bad for
a beginner. Shall we say one flick of the withie for every four errors?" Gee
shook her head no but Roger ignored it and led her once more to the post, "That
is of course one flick on each breast for four errors not a total," he added
after she was secured. Again Gee tried to say no by shaking her head but Roger
was already picking up the little branch. He flicked the underside of her right
breast causing it to bounce and leaving a thin line. Methodically he worked from
right to left finishing on her nipples. After the first two cuts he hit a little
harder and the stripes stood out more clearly. He knew they would be quite
painful but not severely so.

Still keeping her secured to the post, Roger removed the gag and kissed her
before she could start complaining and then slid a hand between her legs. Her
cunt was wet, very wet. His cock needed no encouragement either. Without another
word he lifted her legs around his waist and plunged into her well prepared
cunt. He fucked hard and furiously and in doing so his chest continually rubbed
her bulbous and sore tits. Gee hardly seemed to notice. Her passion transferred
the pain into her sex organs until she violently orgasmed. Roger came shortly
after and continued to hold and kiss her until both of them calmed down and he
released her.

Gee groaned at the unexpected pain as blood returned to her striped tits but she
allowed Roger to gently massage and suckle them.

In bed later, he asked how they were and if she thought she might want to try
the experience again at some time in the future. "I don't know, Rog. I can't
understand my feelings. It hurts like hell and I know you are not hitting unduly
hard, and yet at the same time I get really horny and hot. You felt how wet I
was. I know I won't ask for the whippings but when I am made to take them then
afterwards I do think I enjoyed them if enjoy is the right word." She paused.
"Rog? I believe I can trust you. Can I?" Roger agreed she could trust him. "Well
then, please continue to punish me at suitable intervals especially if you think
our love life is flagging."




Chapter 7. Whipped

"Ooouch!" Gee cried out as she tried on her bra the next morning. "Look at my
sodding tits!" She gently lifted them for Roger's inspection. They were swollen
and still clearly showed the marks of the withie.

"Sorry dear, I didn't think I hit them very hard. Shall I kiss them better?"

"Tits are tender bits of a girl's body so it's no wonder they hurt but, yes,
kiss them. I like it when you do that. Makes my cunny wet. If mine are as sore
as this after a light caning or is it withie-ing, what must Lady Elizabeth's
have been like? She says they gave her two very hard blows with a much larger
withie. They would not have been kind to her afterwards either."

"I guess you'll just have to do without the bra today," Roger remarked.

"But Rog, we have the biddy bitch and her friend coming today."

"Well if they really are lesbians, then I am sure they will appreciate seeing a
pair of plump young tits just as much as I do."

"That's not funny."

"Your bottom still shows faint stripes from the other day, Gee. They don't still
hurt?"

"Not really. Only if I sit on a hard seat do I feel them. In some ways it gives
me a gentle reminder of what we did afterwards."

They spent the morning and first part of the afternoon clearing and cleaning the
lounge and kitchen and preparing the roast beef and accompanying vegetables. A
little before four o'clock Roger changed into clean clothes and suggested Gee
did the same. Gee was not looking forward to the meeting. She knew the biddy
bitch didn't like her, she knew the biddy bitch didn't want to come except in
some perverse way to gloat or condemn her. She believed the biddy bitch just
thought she was Roger's whore. Roger's whore. "That's an idea, I'll shock her,"
Gee thought and looked through her wardrobe to find a low cut dress with a high
hem. She found a pink one which would show the top of her breasts at least when
she bent down. Underneath she wore a pair of thong panties. Roger had bought the
dress almost as a joke, never expecting her to wear it in public. Only for his
enjoyment.

She'd opened a bottle of wine ready for the guests and had downed a glass
already 'to calm her nerves' when the car arrived. Roger introduced the ladies,
"Gee you already know Miss Matthews, Jessica and this is her friend, Mildred
Overton. They shook hands. Gee was surprised Mildred seemed much younger than
Jessica at a guess about 35 years old. Jessica too looked different to the staid
figure that she normally saw scowling behind a desk. Her hair was let down and
she wore a little make-up.

Mildred stood and said very little while they waited for the Yorkshire puddings
to finish cooking or during the meal itself and when she did she always looked
to Jessica as if asking permission to speak. Gee noticed she sat carefully on
the chair but didn't think too much about it at the time. Roger judged dinner to
have been a success. The food was plain but good, and he was able to converse
with Jessica about his work and how he became an author. So much so the Gee felt
out of it and when she spoke to Mildred, she didn't receive much response
although she did note Mildred looked right down her dress when she bent down in
front of her to serve dessert.

By the time Gee brought in the coffee she was becoming bored and a little light
headed from the wine. They sat round the log fire and in a lull during the
conversation Mildred asked, "Jessica, may I ask about the building now please?"

"Perhaps you should ask us, not biddy bitch," Gee snapped immediately regretting
the words before they left her lips.

For a moment there was a stunned silence until Roger quietly said, "My most
sincere apologies, Jessica. I will assure you, that remark will not go
unpunished and there will be more stripes on her backside before she goes to
bed. I am so sorry. I had believed she would be on her best behaviour but I was
wrong." Turning to Mildred, I am very willing to show you all round the house
but as I told Jessica, even now we have only part of it cleared and partly
cleaned. Decorating is still something for the future."

They toured the house and for the first time since their arrival Mildred became
animated. She knew about old houses and began to date parts of the structure
from joints in the woodwork, the type of bricks and the way they were used and
the arrangement of the beams. Gee began to take a liking to the woman and forgot
about her prospective punishment and asked many questions about dates and why
she could date this or that to a certain period. "I should have brought my
notebook, and taken this all down," Gee remarked as at the end of an hour long
tour they arrived back at the lounge. "Perhaps you would like to come again and
we go through it room by room."

Mildred replied by asking Jessica if she would allow her to come here again.
Jessica replied, "I don't know about that Mildred, not while this rude girl is
here or at least until she learns some manners. You had better make the most of
what you see now." Gee apologised again for her rudeness but Jessica was non
committal about allowing Mildred to return.

Mildred looked downcast but returned to showing them structural details in the
lounge and what could be inferred from them. "See those mortises in the beam
that runs across the ceiling here?" Mildred pointed overhead, "What is now the
centre of the room was probably originally an outside wall. Those four square
mortises set angled like that are typically for the window mullions. Glass was
difficult to make in large pieces in those days so the window bars were close
together. Some homes only had a kind of paper over the openings. This post was
probably a corner post of the 12th century house."

"Looks as if has been used as a whipping post in more recent times," remarked
Jessica as she picked up the withie still standing at the base. "Perhaps I might
be persuaded to reconsider your request Mildred if I knew the culprit of the
rudeness had really been punished and not just given a token smack."

Mildred went red, "Mistress you can't punish her, she's too young and not used
to it. Please punish me instead. It's me that wants to come back for a better
look and I know you are going to switch me when we get home anyway."

Gee and Roger both looked shocked. "Do you really switch Mildred?" Gee stuttered
out the question.

"Face the post Mildred," Jessica ordered.

"Mistress, not here please." Mildred obviously had some inkling of what was to
happen and was embarrassed by it.

"Now, Mildred." When Mildred complied, "Grip around the post." Mildred did so.
Bending slightly, Jessica lifted the hem of the woman's dress with one hand and
lowered her knickers with the other. Four red weals ran across her bottom. It
was immediately apparent to Gee, they had been applied with far more force than
Roger had used.

"My God, they look really sodding painful," Gee exclaimed before she knew what
she was saying, "She must have done something terrible to have deserved a caning
like that."

"No, she tried to disagree with me and I do not allow that in my home." They all
noted the venom in Jessica's voice but only Mildred knew her mistress was slowly
working herself into a sadistic frenzy.

"And you want me punished like that for what I said?" Gee was stuttering again
in disbelief.

"I'd think a dozen would be more appropriate especially after the way you've
acted in the office. Better still, I would prefer to have you in my house and
use a proper cane, not this twig. If you were in my care I would soon have you
showing some respect. It wouldn't just be your bottom sore either would it
Mildred?"

"Please Mistress don't make me......." Mildred had tears in her eyes as she
pleaded.

"Be quiet woman. You're in enough trouble as it is when you get home. Turn
round." Mildred now stood with her back to the post facing the others. Jessica
pulled up the front of the woman's dress to reveal more stripes across the front
of her thighs. They were fading but had obviously been very painful. Mildred was
now sobbing with humiliation at having her most private parts and dark pubic
hair on show to a man as well as a young girl.

"That's enough Jessica. I am not going to cane Gee as hard as that or allow you
to, just to learn more about my house. I shall punish Gee but not to the extend
you want. Gee is not my slave, I love her." Roger stated. It was the first time
he had expressed that sentiment in words except during their sex sessions. Gee
looked up and knew she had the same feelings towards him.

"I knew all along she was not here as a housekeeper," Jessica spat out the
words, "But if you are not going to deal with her satisfactorily then I had
better take this one home and deal with her there in my own way. She can take
the punishment for both of you."

"Please Jessica, mistress no. I can't take a dozen on top of the four your gave
me before we came. Please wait the morning until you've calmed down." There was
genuine fear in the woman's eyes now.

"While you are staying in my house, you will be under my control," Jessica
snapped, "And as you are partially responsible for this girl's outburst, you
will take her punishment. I've allowed you too much rein this evening as it is."
Turning to Roger, she apologised and asked if he would mind taking them home.
"Thank you for the meal Mr. Robinson, and for the company. I did enjoy our
conversation over dinner and the look around your home. I am so sorry it had to
end like this," she added.

"I too can only apologise for Gee's remark. Please though, don't take it out on
Mildred. It had nothing to do with her," replied Roger.

"Jessica?" Gee spoke quietly and hesitantly, "If I were to submit to your caning
now, will you let Mildred off?"

"You don't know what you are asking," Mildred interrupted. "She'll strip the
skin of you when she's in this mood."

"Roger will watch. He won't allow that to happen."

"Then I will still get it when I get home. She's too angry inside now to stop
and she'll take it out on one or both of us."

"Perhaps I should share the punishment between you two dears?" Jessica voice
sounded evil. "How would it be if you were both tied to the whipping post at the
same time. Six good strokes to each of your bottoms while Mr. Robinson is in the
kitchen or down in the cellar out of the way?"

"No Jessica. You cannot do this to either woman. I won't allow it."

"Then Mildred gets it when she gets home and I get her all to myself."

"Roger, it's my fault. Six each we should be able to take and I don't want
Mildred to suffer more. Let her do it and get it over with." Very reluctantly
and only after considerable argument, Roger agreed but would stay nearby in the
kitchen.

"You can help bind these two miscreants before you go," Jessica almost ordered
Roger. Speaking sharply to the two women she said, "Get those dresses off."

Gee pulled hers over her head without any qualms. Roger had seen her naked
enough times and she had flaunted her breasts in front of Mildred during dinner.
Mildred though had to be chivvied to display her body to a man.

As Jessica pushed Gee towards the post she noticed the light red lines across
her tits. "Oh so he likes to tickle your tits as well I see," she commented and
gave them a light squeeze which caused Gee to wince. "That's nothing, and I make
her wear a bra when she goes out." Much to Mildred's embarrassment, Jessica
removed the poor woman's bra to show livid red lines criss-crossing both
breasts. Gee was beginning to believe this woman was slightly mad. There was a
fire in her eyes and a look on her face that suggested she was getting very
aroused by what she intended to do, and that neither Mildred or she was going to
enjoy it.

Roger tied their wrists so they clasped the post above each other's head and as
he did so he kissed Gee. "Do you want to go through with this, Gee? There's
still time to change you mind."

"I have to," she whispered back.

"Be brave."

Jessica removed the knickers from both women even though Geegee's thong wouldn't
have given her any protection. Both were of similar build at about 5ft 6 inches
but Gee had long dark hair whereas Mildred's was shorter and a dark blonde. Both
were a little on the plump side but not really overweight. Roger stood and
mentally compared them until ordered to go into the kitchen and make tea. In one
way he wanted to see what Jessica did so he could control the beating to some
extent, in another way he was finding it difficult to control his erection and
needed to put his hand inside his trousers to move his cock to a more
comfortable position. "Just six strokes each," he said. "No more."

"That's right," Jessica confirmed as she ushered him from the room and closed
the door behind him. The kitchen was across the hallway so Roger thought he
could get back in the room quickly if he thought things were getting out of
hand. What he didn't see was Jessica sliding an armchair and tilting it so the
back was under the doorknob effectively bolting the door.

Picking up the withie she began walking around the tied pair. "Six strokes each
indeed! That's not half of what you are going to get. And I don't have to gag
you here. Your completely at my mercy and I am taking full advantage of it,
especially you bitch." She flicked the switch between Gee's legs and catching
her painfully on her exposed slit. Gee cried out but tried to hold herself in
check for the pain she knew would come.

And come it did. It was not the fairly gentle swish Roger had given her. This
one hit with all the force Jessica could muster and Gee screamed. Quickly
Jessica moved and struck Mildred with equal force on her already well striped
arse. Knowing that Roger might try and force his way in at any time, Jessica
wasted little time in walking around the post and hitting alternately one then
the other, lashing the tender flesh with all her force.

At the fifth stroke Gee knew Jessica was not going to stop and screamed at the
top of her voice, "ROGER HELP!" Roger already concerned at the sound of the
cries from both women, was at the door ready. He turned the knob and pushed. The
door moved only an inch and then jammed. Another piercing scream. He pushed
again. The door didn't budge.

"The bitch!" Roger yelled as he raced along the hall, out of the front door and
round the back to get to the other entrance to the room. The back door was
locked and he had to waste precious time fumbling for his keys to get in.
Meanwhile he could hear the screams continuing and he knew they had more that
the agreed amount. Bursting in the room he snatched the withie, now ragged and
splintered at the end and broke it in two. Jessica was hysterical and beside
herself and laughing with sadistic glee. "Was this really the staid righteous
looking lady from the Job Centre," thought Roger. He slapped her face hard twice
and the laughter suddenly ceased and her face took on a horrified expression as
he led her to the settee and ordered her to sit.

Both women were crying uncontrollably. Gee's arse had at least nine raw raised
welts that he could count. Mildred's arse was split and bleeding where some of
the new welts crossed those previously inflicted. He had to untie Mildred first
because her hands were on top. "Hold on to the post for a moment Mildred while I
release Gee." When she too was free, "Help each other to the bathroom, your
muscles won't have stiffened yet but I guess they soon will. I'm going to make
sure the bitch doesn't do a runner."

"She won't," murmured Mildred through her cries, "She'll be out of it for a
while." So it seemed she was. Jessica sat on the settee where Roger had left
her, staring blankly ahead. She made no movement or gave any resistance when he
tied her wrists and ankles.




Chapter 8. The aftermath

Gee and Mildred were still making their way up the stairs when Roger caught up
with them. He ran ahead and started the bath water and when it was ready he had
both stand in the water. "I don't think you are going to be able to sit down in
the bath so you had better put your arms around each other and cuddle while I
wash your bums. Sorry Mildred, I know you are not a man lover but for now you
have to put up with it while I try and clean some of the blood from your wounds.
As gently as he could he washed and cleaned the two. Even so, his light touch
brought cries of agony especially from Mildred.

"Right girls, that's the best I can do for now in here. Step out and let me dry
your legs and where I dare touch you then you can lie on the bed with wet towels
over your bums." Before they left the bathroom he gave each of them a couple of
analgesic tablets to help ease the pain and then left them lying side by side
face down on his bed with cold damp towels covering their over heated and very
sore bottoms while he returned to his other guest..

Jessica was beginning to come back to normal when he entered the lounge and
ordered him to release and to take them home. "Mildred's staying here. She
cannot walk after the damage you did. She will stay here until I find somewhere
safe for her to live."

"Did I hurt her really bad?"

"You should know. She was bleeding badly and you would have kept on hitting her
and Gee if I hadn't taken the stick."

"Roger, I'm sorry. I know that sounds stupid but when I get hyped up I go into a
sadistic mode and when I come out of it I don't remember anything." It wasn't
quite true. She could force herself to remember and sometimes did but it was
easier to shut it out and pretend it never happened. "Can I see them?"

"No! Definitely not. They are in a very bad way now and the shock of seeing you
could well make them worse. I will take you home shortly. Think on what you have
done. You are lucky we don't go to the police. You went too far. I know Gee
expected a hard caning but not that hard nor did we agree on that number. If I
was not so concerned over them I might well be tempted to thrash you to the same
degree or worse and put you in the crypt for the weekend!"

Roger released her ankles so she could walk to the car and only untied her
wrists when they arrived at her home. Before he allowed her to leave he spoke
quietly, "Biddy Bitch," he deliberately stressed those words, "Spend time this
weekend thinking of what you have done and remember it for the rest of your days
because I can assure you we will never forget and you will get reminders from
time to time. You might even try and seek treatment. Think on it, Biddy Bitch."

Gee and Mildred were still lying side by side when he returned less than half an
hour after leaving. He removed each towel in turn, rinsed and replaced it.
Mildred's arse was in a bad way. It was swollen much more than Gee's and the
open welts still oozed a little blood. One place where she had been caught low
down at the crease of her thighs with an uppercut was particularly bad. Roger
got a dressing and carefully positioned it on the wound, thereafter he hovered
solicitously over them changing the towels at intervals and supplying cold
drinks they could sip through a straw.

Gee said quietly, "Rog I need help, I have to pee." With some cries of pain, he
helped to get her feet on the floor and then will her hands around his neck and
his behind her knees he carried her to the bathroom and held her so she didn't
have to sit. "I think Milly wants to go as well but she's not going to ask you
probably until its too late. It's nearly eleven now and I'm sure she won't we
able to go through the night."

"Okay, I'll bring her too. Gee? I'm really sorry. I should have stopped it. I
shouldn't have even allowed it to start."

"We'll survive I guess but I never thought the bitch would go berserk like
that."

"I think she has a mental problem. A real one but let's get you back and Milly
in here. Did she say to call her Milly?"

Gee nodded, "The bitch insisted on calling her by her full name. I think we
should use Milly as it might help her make a break with the woman."

"Milly? I am going to take you to the toilet now." Roger said softly, "I know
you must need to go."

"I can manage." She soon found she couldn't and much to her consternation Roger
carried and held her as he had Gee.

"I'm not going to rape or hurt you Milly and your body is really no different to
Gee's and I've seen everything you've got now anyway so there's nothing to be
upset about." It took a little while and a running tap before Milly's mind could
get her pee to flow. Again to her consternation he used a tissue and dried her.
Milly started to apologise but Roger stopped her. "Milly, you were always under
Jessica's control, now you are under mine. Just a short change of ownership
until you can be your own boss for good. For now, when you need to go to the
toilet I order you to tell me."

A little after midnight, Gee told him to come to bed. "I'd better sleep in the
spare room," he suggested.

"Don't you dare. I want you where I can hold you even if we can't fuck. I need
you close in case we need a change of towels or anything."

None of the trio slept much. Several times Roger had to get up and change towels
or get another dose of pills. As usual he was naked at night and Milly gradually
became accustomed to seeing his manhood in various states of arousal.

Saturday morning, Roger saw to the girls needs. Movement caused them a great
deal of pain. Walking was difficult with muscles now hardened and tense. Both
arses were a colourful array of purples, reds and yellows. Painful colours. One
of Milly's cuts still continued to ooze and Roger was very careful when he
changed the dressing. By now though, Milly had become less embarrassed when she
had to open her legs for him to clean the wound even though she knew he could
clearly see her pubic area.

Neither wanted to eat breakfast but had a mug of tea which they drank by half
lying on their sides. In this position they could face each other and talk. Over
breakfast it was only about the pain and the bitch but when Roger left them to
go to town and get more painkillers, dressings and salve the topic became more
intimate. Gee of course in her usual forthright manner, started it.

They were lying facing each other, breasts exposed to each other's sight. The
stripes across Milly's were still very visible but the pain from them was
insignificant compared to that of her bottom. "Milly? What pleasure did you get
after you had your tits beaten as hard as that?" Gee looked down at her own and
went on, "Mine seemed real sore for a while but then the warmth came and Roger
took me to bed and screwed me. We made love. I know lesbians love each other too
but I would have thought the pain in your breasts would be too much to think
about love just as the pain in my arse is at the moment." Milly blushed so Gee
quickly went on, "Sorry, you don't have to answer, I was just being nosy as
usual."

For some moments Milly didn't answer and then burst into tears. Gee slid across
and put her arms over the older woman. "Sorry, I shouldn't have pried."

"No, it's not that Gee, it's..... I miss her." She pushed her body just a little
closer to Gee's until their breasts were touching each other. Gee felt the
warmth from their bodies and wondered if she too had lesbian feelings. She'd
never been naked and this close to anther girl but she resolved to find out.

"Milly? Do you want to cuddle me or anything, like you would her? If it helps,
please don't be afraid. I won't bite or hit you but I don't really know what you
would like me to do."

"Are you sure?" When Milly received affirmation she went on, "We're both too
sore to do much but it would be nice if we just hugged and kissed a little."
Suiting action to words she pulled Gee closer still and kissed her fully on the
mouth and began to insert her tongue. It took Gee a little by surprise but soon
she responded and even felt herself becoming wet between her legs.

"You do more than kiss don't you? You make love to each other?"

"Of course. Usually we play with each others pussy or do sixty-nining.
Sixty-nining is out for us but I don't mind showing you what we do with our
hands. Just say if you want to stop." Milly inserted her hand between Gee's legs
and gently massaged her cunt lips and clit. It didn't take long for her to
become aroused and finally to orgasm. It was then her turn to give Milly her
pleasure.

Afterwards they rested and laying once again on their stomachs, chatted
conversationally at first, then Gee again bluntly asked, "Why does she hurt you
so much when you say she loves you? And why did she go so berserk last night."

"That's the worst she'd ever been. She has something wrong with her mentally and
she won't see anyone about it. When I first knew her, I allowed her to tie me up
and then she would spank me or use a slipper. It hurt for a bit but we made love
afterwards and at worst I had a red bottom the next day. Over the years, the
punishments have got worse and recently more frequent. Nowadays when she has a
woman tied and helpless something in her mind clicks and she believes she can
hurt them all she wants. Afterwards, she sits down and looks blank for a while
and then doesn't appear to remember doing it. She would come and make love to me
and tend my wounds as if someone else had inflicted them. I've tried to get her
to see someone but because she doesn't believe it is her that hurts me, she
doesn't realise she has a problem."

"Well you're not going back there now, Milly. She could kill you next time or
permanently maim you and if you had to go to hospital for treatment she would be
arrested and could go to prison for GBH. For now you must stay here. I don't
think Roger will molest you but we'll move you into the guest room or another
room in the house when you're well enough. I know he won't touch you at the
moment but sleeping between two naked ladies might be a big temptation if they
are both fit and well and a bit horny. In any case he's mine."

Roger returned soon after with some stronger analgesic tablets and two large
tubes of salve. Later he found a gown for Milly and assisted both of the girls
downstairs for lunch. Neither really wanted to move, but Roger insisted it was
probably best to get the muscles working a little even if they didn't sit.

Early Monday morning, Gee woke and her movement woke Roger. They kissed quietly
so as not to wake Milly. "Lie on your back," whispered Gee and when he was in
position she lay on top of him and worked his cock inside her. "Mmmm. I've
wanted that for days." Slowly she started to work herself up and down his shaft
at first trying to be quiet but as her need arose so did her groans of pleasure.

Milly woke and saw the couple and thought of turning the other way, "No," she
thought, "If I turn they will know I'm awake and that will disturb them. They
are enjoying themselves." She opened her eyes for a second or two before
intending to close them again but at that very moment Gee looked her way.

"Sorry, if we woke you," she said, "But I needed this. Watch if you want
although I know it's not your cup of tea." Gee then gave up all pretense of
being quiet and worked herself and Roger to a full climax. Milly watched,
pleased the couple could enjoy themselves in that way and becoming very wet
herself.




Chapter 9. Sold to the parson

By Wednesday, Milly and Gee were able to walk albeit very stiffly and Gee could
sit in relative comfort provided there were plenty of cushions. Milly though,
still ate standing or lying on her side on the settee. Fortunately, both girls
were near the same size and Gee could share her clothes with Milly. Both wore
loose skirts and neither wore underwear. Roger still applied the salves and
Milly began to get accustomed to the touch of his hand. Although she still could
not sit on the toilet, she no longer needed Roger to support her.

Surprisingly, considering the difference in their ages, Milly and Gee got on
well together. Almost a mother and daughter relationship with the daughter being
boss woman. The age and design of the house was now a frequent topic of
conversation. Before meeting up with Jessica, Milly had worked in an architect's
office and was adept at drawing plans and making artistic interpretations of
drawings. Gee certainly didn't have any drawing skills and Roger wasn't much
better. They agreed to collaborate on a book on the rectory, Gee would
concentrate on the people and Milly the architecture and structure of the house.

Milly had last night for the first time slept in the guest room and Roger agreed
she could rent that room at a peppercorn rent until able to get something more
suitable and provided she helped Gee with the housework when her welts were
healed sufficiently.

Milly started making sketches and notes on computer paper with the few pencils
and rules she could find. "I really need my drawing gear from home," she
mentioned.

"Do you have a key?" enquired Gee.

"No but I know where she keeps the spare for if she gets locked out." Roger
agreed to take her home but suggested he had better check at the Job Centre to
arrange it with Jessica.

Gee settled herself on a pile of cushions and opened her computer file for the
first time in a week and read through what she had typed. She looked at the last
paragraph again.

'"Are yer ready to try agin?" Somehow I managed to struggle to my knees. I felt
the chill air on my wet body but it would do nothing to cool the fire in my
chest. I opened my mouth and took the head of his pizzle in. "Suck hard!" he
ordered and I tried to obey but he still seemed unsatisfied. Cruelly he felt my
tortured bosoms and when I opened my mouth the cry out with the pain he thrust
that filthy pizzle in as far as my throat. Only when I started to choke did he
withdrew a little before thrusting in again. All the time I could feel this
monster thing growing in size and hardness and until he finally withdrew. I
couldn't help but look at it so close it twas to my eyes. It seemed huge to me
but in fact it was no bigger than some I had seen earlier. Still I wondered
however I would take it inside me.'

Checking the place in the book she started typing.

'I didn't have long to wait until I found out. Captain Jimo almost threw me on a
hatchway that stood about two feet higher than the deck. My sore bottom hit the
wood hard and I remember crying out with the further pain. The captain was
giving orders but I didn't hear them in my suffering. Suddenly my ankles were
gripped and pulled back over my head and I was forced to lie on my back with all
my private parts fully exposed and open to the sailors gaze. I felt the captain
push his pizzle at my entrance but had difficulty in entering me. "Boy!" he
yelled, "Get some spittle in her cunny and then on my cock."

To my horror, the cabin boy knelt between my legs and inserted his tongue. I
could feel his saliva lubricating me. Actually he was doing no more than other
sailors had done earlier but it felt more shaming. He then turned his head and
sucked on the captain's pizzle and deposited more spittle before the captain
pushed him out of the way and to the cheers of the sailors, thrust himself
inside me. The pain again seemed intense but as my own lubrication started, his
rogering became a little easier although I was too humiliated and sore from my
thrashings to enjoy it.. Some minutes afterwards I felt his seed flood my womb.

Unfortunately my ordeal was far from over. The captain allowed several of his
senior crew to roger me too. All I remember of that time was the seemingly
continuous raping and soreness in my vagina and the bucking of the boat as it
made its way, I knew not where and to a fate I could not imagine.

Some time later, I know not how long, I heard the captain again shout, "Boy!"
and wondered what would happen next. "Take the wench to my cabin and tie her on
my bed so she's ready for me when I get off watch."

"Aye, Capt'n." Boy picked me up and then paused, "Capt'n? Can I?......" He made
a pumping gesture with his arm which with my newly acquired experience I could
interpret.

"Aye," the captain agreed and I knew I would have to submit to yet another
pizzle. Boy, the name was a misnomer because in fact he was a lumbering big man
in his early twenties laid me gently on the horsehair mattress covering the
wooden bunk and tied me open to the four corner posts.

"I aint tied yer too tight so dinna yer try to get oot. Yer's no place to goo
anyshoo." His accent was strange but I could understand his meaning. I watched
as he removed his breeches and his monstrous weapon showed itself. It was much
larger than the captain's and I was certain it would split me and I was very
afraid when he climbed on the bunk. First though he placed his pizzle at my lips
and from what I learned from the captain, I knew to put plenty of my own spittle
on its head. Shortly after I cried out again as it entered my vagina, perhaps
fortuitously, still running with the juices of my previous rapists. Boy was very
much more considerate than any of the others. Whether it was because we were
alone and he didn't need to impress his shipmates or because he was naturally
caring, I know not. All I can say is he took his time getting his pizzle in and
only when it was fully enclosed did her start his steady humping. Lust then took
over and he vigorously rogered me until he spent his seed.

Later when the captain returned and saw me naked and helpless he laughed and
tormented by tender breasts with his big calloused hands until I sobbed with the
pain. His hands then turned their attention to my thighs and in between. I was
past feeling shame but just lay there and let his fingers poke inside me first
in my woman's opening and then my bottom hole. I remembered what he had said
earlier about a woman having three holes to use and wondered if he would be
using my bottom for his obscene purpose. I didn't wonder for long. Releasing my
ankles he re-fastened them to my wrists and pushed a bolster under the small of
my back. The effect was to raise my bottom so both holes were readily available
for his use. Once more I found his man thing at my face and he sneered at me,
"Yer 'ave better git plenty of spit on it this time, M'lady cus I'm a goin' ter
fuck yer arse! I di'na care if yer're a bit on the tight side. Guess ole
parson'll want yer open there like as not." I apologise for the coarseness of
the language in this narrative but I still remember those words just as he spoke
them and remember the evil grin on his face as he bared his teeth and then used
them to nip each of my nipples in turn.

I knew I had little choice. If I refused I would be beaten or his pizzle would
be forced into my bottom hole without any lubricity at all. Maybe both. Soon he
deemed it wet enough and placed it at my nether entrance. Despite my screams of
pain and my pleas he forced it in and rogered me there for what seemed an
inordinate length of time, until at last, he released his seed into me.

I expected the ordeal to then be over but it wasn't to be. His body collapsed on
mine but he did not remove his manhood. It softened and lay within me for a
while but after some ten or fifteen minutes, just as the pain was dying down a
little and I was beginning to accept the intrusion, so I felt it stir and start
to stiffen. Once more he started to roger my bottom, at first slowly but as his
manhood hardened fully, so his thrusts became harder and I was forced to endure
a further painful intercourse with this monster. It was made all the more
humiliating by his use of the coarsest seaman's language in telling me all the
obscene things he and the crew would be doing to me before I was sold.

Little more need be said about that voyage except that I was well used by all
the crew during the three days it took for us to close the Suffolk coast. In the
mornings I was taken naked on deck and tied to the hatch and all three orifices
used by the crew. When it got dark I was taken to the fo'c's'le until the
captain wanted me in his cabin. My only respite was at meal times when I was
allowed to eat with the crew and when I was allowed to perform my bodily
functions over the side of the ship. Even at these times I had to endure the
raucous comments from the crew.

I wasn't tied to the hatch on the third day but still had to allow everyone
access to my body although they seemed more restrained. Late that evening, I was
told to 'piss and shit' because this would be my last chance for many hours.
Afterwards my wrists were tied, a gag put in my mouth and Boy lowered me into a
large empty barrel. "'Ope the parson likes yer and treats yer well," he said. My
ordeal with the pirates was nearly over but another was about to begin.

Once confined, they packed around my body with canvas and cloths. A lid was put
on and nails driven in. I was terrified but couldn't do anything. My first
thought was they were going to throw the barrel overboard and drown me but my
mind dispelled the idea. Why would they make me relieve myself before putting me
in the barrel? Why put me in a barrel at all when they could easily throw me
over the ships side? Who was the Parson, Boy referred to? I noticed too, they
hadn't inserted the bung in its hole so I had a little air to breathe.

Cramps beset my body. I could hardly move and in the confined space the
movements of the boat made me feel sick which could have caused me to choke on
the gag. By dint of much effort on behalf of my stomach muscles I managed to
keep from vomiting.

After what seemed hours the boat came seemed to stop moving forward and later I
felt the barrel being lifted and lowered. Muffled voices came and went and then
I felt I was moving again, this time with the motion of a cart. The journey was
quite short and the barrel was again lifted and dropped on the ground. I
screamed into the gag but no one heard. Someone shouted to take more care and
the barrel moved again. It seemed to me there were other barrels being rolled
but after a while all went quiet for a short time until I heard footsteps and a
horrendous banging on the barrel. Piece by piece the lid was removed and by the
light of his lantern I could see a round faced man in the vestments of a priest.
This was the 'Parson' I'd heard mentioned.

He helped me out and removed my gag but didn't untie my wrists until I had been
pushed through the small doorway into this room. The room I shall never leave
alive.

I begged for some water which he gave me and to which he added a little brandy.
When I pleaded to be allowed to return to my family, his attitude changed and he
slapped my face. "Elizabeth," he roared as if in the pulpit giving a fire and
brimstone sermon, "I have paid a lot of money and risked much for you. You will
be kept here for my pleasure and will service me as you have learned to do from
Captain Jimo and his crew." He lifted his frock and I saw his fully erect pizzle
and knew without any doubt how he intended to use me. "As a priest I cannot
marry but I am a man and have the needs of a man. Some of the ladies in the
parish help with those needs but it is risky and infrequent. You I can have when
I want and in any way that I want. I see from the marks across your tits and
arse, they had to persuade you to comply. I shall do the same if necessary but I
prefer bundles of well soaked birch rods and in this old crypt, no one outside
will hear your squealing."

Without further ado he pulled my hair, forcing my lips closer to his member and
made me suck it until he spurted his sperm down my throat. He pointed out the
bed in the corner, and the bucket for my bodily functions and left saying he
would see me in the morning. It was in fact nearly dawn then.'

"What are you typing Gee?" Milly asked, looking over Gee's shoulder.

Gee looked up, startled for a moment as she hadn't heard Milly approach. "You've
got to keep this very much to yourself Milly. We may have a body in the crypt or
by now, most likely a skeleton. Had we been able to move better we'd have had a
look already but we've decided to leave it until I get the story all typed. It's
very sad and also very sexual. Seems the worthy Reverend Christopher Winterton
wasn't such a worthy man. He bought the girl from smugglers and kept her for his
pleasure in the crypt. When he was shot by excise men, no one knew she was here
and she starved to death but not before she wrote in this accounts book."




Chapter 10. Jessica's story

During his usual Thursday visit to town, Roger called in at the Job Centre and
asked for Miss Matthews. "She's off sick," he was told but the girl wouldn't
give any more details. That same afternoon Roger took Milly to her house and not
receiving any reply to their knock, went in and collected her stuff. Roger
admired and praised some of her paintings that adorned the walls. Mostly they
were of scenes and buildings but there was a particularly good likeness of
Jessica. It was fortunate Roger had a large car for Milly had over the years,
accumulated a considerable amount of clothing and other stuff. Eventually they
packed it all without sorting and returned to the Old Rectory. Milly brought
most of her pictures except for ones she said she had specifically given to
Jessica as presents and of course, the portrait.

Over the next two days, Milly rearranged her room to her liking. A table was
found in another room and put under the window where the light was good and
Milly made that area her 'studio'.

Saturday evening Roger spoke to them over dinner. "Ladies, you are both now able
to get around quite well and although I know you are not fully fit, I think the
time has come when we should once again start working on the house. Gee that was
the prime reason I employed you but now as you know there are other
considerations. I know you are both keen to get on with this book and I am keen
for you to do it but I do want to get this place in a little better shape. To
get some of the other rooms cleared and the whole place decorated. So what I
suggest is this. From Monday you will spend at least four hours in the morning
working on the house or house work. In the afternoon you do the work you want to
do provided dinner is not neglected. We can be flexible about this, if you wish
to work on your stuff in the morning and the house in the afternoon or evening,
that's fine. Or even a whole day on the house and a day on the book. As I said,
we can be flexible but I do want to see some work being done to make this place
a little more presentable."

"Thank you Prime Minister!" laughed Gee. "I think we can agree to that can't we
Milly?"

"We have to live her too, so yes we should try and smarten things up for our own
benefit," Milly agreed.

Sunday was to be a free day. A day for doing whatever they wanted. All were
relaxing in lounge, Milly sketching, Roger reading a novel and Gee pecking at a
typing exercise, when "Boom, Boom Boom". Someone was at the door. Gee answered
it. Jessica stood on the step with a taxi waiting behind her.

"What do you want, bitch?" Gee greeted the woman, "I don't think you will be
very welcome here."

"I know and I won't stay. I've come to apologise and to give you this." Jessica
spoke quietly. Gee noticed she was shaking and there were tears in her eyes. Her
face seemed markedly paler and there was now an air of uncertainly about her, an
air of blankness. She handed over a long box which from its label had originally
held a billiard cue.

Seeing how Jessica now looked Gee relented and suggested, "If you are going to
apologise, you had better come in. We are going to make some tea shortly so if
you wish to stay send your taxi away."

Milly's face went white when Jessica entered the room and she noticed the box in
Gee's hand. "NO!" She cried out in alarm.

"I'm sorry Mildred, I didn't intend to frighten you. I came to say how sorry I
was for what I had done. I am getting treatment through my work's medical
scheme. They said I had a medical condition not unlike schizophrenia whereby I
change character completely when something triggers it. In my case it was having
someone helpless. I know it got worse over the previous months. Each time you
were helpless I had to go further than I had before until last......" Jessica's
voiced trailed off and then picked up again, "I could have killed you and
Gertrude if Roger hadn't arrived. My treatments are making me remember and that
is very painful, mentally and physically."

"But why have you brought the box? Surely you don't expect to use it again?"
Milly asked. She obviously knew what it contained, although the others could
guess."

"I brought it for Roger to use. You quite liked it when I used it on you at
first and Gee has experimented a little in that direction too. Roger would, I
believe, be able to control its use much better than I did. First though, I want
it used on me." Jessica opened the box and produced a long cane. "It was the
most expensive one in the catalogue," she went on as she stroked its smooth
polished surface shining in the light and showed them the intricate rope work on
the handle. "It's much better than a twig," Jessica added as she handed the cane
to Roger.

Roger, who had been dumbfounded until now, thanked her for it saying, "It will
probably be safer in my hands although I doubt if it will get much use.
Certainly I won't be using it on the girls for a while. And no, I won't be using
it on you either. I've seen the suffering Gee and Milly have gone through. I
might lose control and then regret the suffering I cause."

"I understand, but it might help my rehabilitation if I felt some of the
suffering I inflicted. Before I ask you to call a taxi for me, please let me
explain a little of what my psychologist drew out of my background." Roger
nodded, Gee and Milly were not sure they wanted to know and said so.

"Jessica is sick in the sense that it means 'ill'. Getting the story off her
chest may help her recover, so I think we should hear it," Roger told them.
Somewhat reluctantly the others agreed to listen.

"When I was about twelve years old," Jessica began her story, "I had a girl
friend whose mother and father were very strict with her. One day we were out
playing in the fields and didn't notice the time and when we realized we would
be late for tea we rushed back but she fell on the way and got her clothes very
muddy. Her mother and father were very angry at us and told my friend, Mary, to
take her dress off. Mary was crying as she had some idea she was to be punished.
In my innocence I thought it was to get her dress washed. Mary's mother then
ordered her to lie over her lap which she did. Her father pulled her knickers
right off and said to me. "I cannot punish you but you must watch her get hers."
I admit I was fascinated by the sight of my friend's bottom and open hairless
sex. Father handed his wife a hairbrush and she spanked Mary's bottom hard until
the poor girl was sobbing and her flesh was red all over. I had a strange
tingling inside my thighs and even at that age had some idea what it was. When I
thought her punishment was over she was passed to her father who proceeded to
overlay her redness with stripes from his belt. Poor Mary then had to sit naked
alongside me at the table while we ate tea. Afterwards her mother suggested I
should put cream on Mary's bottom. I did this in the privacy of her bedroom and
even played with her pussy which she seemed to like. This was the start of my
liking for punishing girls and of my lesbian tendencies. My relationship with
Mary continued for some years and I got to punish her myself and we made love
many times.

At university, I found another girl who I could dominate and punish and
eventually we were able to share a room together and even for a while
afterwards. She did all the house chores and I punished her if they weren't up
to standard. At that time I had a nice leather tawse. Later Mildred came along.
I treated her the same but then bought the cane. Every time I wielded the cane
or strap I left my real world and became a mistress with a slave who had to be
punished severely. Sometimes I was a plantation owner, sometimes Cleopatra or
Katherine the Great or a Roman empress and the girl under my control was just
there for punishment and my pleasure. And I did get great pleasure from seeing
the seeing the stripes appear and hearing the squeals and screams knowing I was
in control, knowing I had power, power to cause pain and suffering just for my
pleasure. Afterwards I made love with the girls and gave them some pleasure too.
It was also why I liked my job. I had power there too. Power to withhold money
or cause people to do things they really didn't want to do, especially girls."
Jessica paused and looked at Gee. "Sorry," she said, "I knew you didn't want
most of the schemes I sent you on."

"Sodding Bitch," was Gee's succinct reply.

"Now, although my psychologist hasn't said so, I feel that the only way for me
to get better and off the drugs I have to take now, is to submit myself to the
same sort of punishment and humiliation as I have been dishing out. Submitting
to a man would be even worse. Roger, will you tie me to the post and punish me
like I punished the girls? Punish me hard and cruelly and make me submit to you
in any way you wish as a helpless slave."

Everyone was taken aback by the request particularly Roger. "Jessica, let me get
this clear. You are asking me to strip you naked, tie you up, thrash you with
this cane as hard as I want anywhere I want and afterwards to fuck you?"

"Y....e....s," Jessica said slowly and quietly, "It's not that I want to feel
the pain and yet in a way, I do. It is more than that. I believe until I have
been on the receiving end and know what it is like to fully be at the mercy of
another and have to take all the pain he or she can give, then I will keep
reverting to my second self."

"Jessica, you have never allowed a man to fuck you," Milly piped up.

"Just too afraid of losing control." Jessica hung her head again.

There was silence for a few moments  Then Roger spoke. "Girls, how about making
us a pot of tea while I consider this. I don't want to make a snap decision that
I will regret and possibly you will regret too. Tea came and they all made
awkward conversation all wondering what Roger would say. Gee dearly wanted to
see the biddy bitch get her arse caned but Milly was more circumspect. She
wondered if the violence to Jessica would just increase her meanness.

"Jessica, Jess everyone here uses a short version of their name, this is what I
have decided to do. I am not going to give you a thrashing today. It is too
close to the time you whipped the girls so terribly and I don't think you have
thought about it long enough yourself to know if you are correct in your
assumptions that it will help cure you. It will also give the treatment you are
getting now a chance to work. I suggest you go home until Friday week, four
weeks, a month after you beat the girls. If you still believe being at our mercy
as a slave then on that day, come here with an overnight bag and the few things
you might need for a weekend stay. You will only need clothes to arrive and
leave in. Once you enter our door on that day you will come under our control,
the girls and mine. They will be your mistresses just as I will be your master.
Whether you decide to come here is your choice. We will not influence you either
way. Understood?" Jessica nodded.

Roger continued, "Today, to give you a foretaste of what might be in store for
you, you are going to strip naked except for your shoes and socks, the stone
floors are not good for bare feet, and lie over the back of the armchair and
take ten bare hand smacks on your backside from each of us. Afterwards you are
to help the girls prepare our evening meal. If there is a risk of hot fat
splashing on you, then you can wear an apron, otherwise you will remain naked.
The girls are your mistresses and are allowed to do as they will with you
however humiliating. They are not allowed to use the cane on you though. And I
will not fuck you. Understood?" Jessica again nodded "I'll give you ten minutes
to make up your mind. If you are in this room when the clock strikes 3:30 you
will undress and prepare to have your bum smacked and allow your body to be
played with by us all. If you decide not to undertake this trial, go to the
porch and I will drive you home." Roger took the girls into the kitchen closing
the door behind them. They washed the teacups and waited anxiously. It seemed a
long ten minutes.

Ding, dong ding dong. The trio filed back into the lounge. Jessica was
unbuttoning her dress.

They watched in silence as she peeled her matronly clothing from her plump
figure. No one would have called her a beauty queen even twenty years ago, but
she had what is sometimes called a cuddly figure. Full breasts, full arse and
plenty of flesh in between. She hesitated momentarily when down to bra and
knickers, but went on to remove them without being told.

"Turn round Jess," Roger commanded. She did. "Again." Again she complied. "Good,
now over the armchair." Without a murmur she did as she was told. Gee tied her
wrists to the front legs of the chair while Roger tied her ankles at the back.

"She's not going far now Rog," Gee laughed, "And there is plenty of spanking
space on her bum. Can I go first?" Roger told her to carry on. "Is it ten total
or ten per cheek," Gee asked knowing full well what the answer was but it made
Jess realise just how much at their mercy she was.

"Why don't we just do ten total to start with Gee and then if we think it is
necessary repeat it again. That way our hands will have a rest." Gee spanked her
hardest and succeeded in making Jess cry out. Roger rubbed his hands over the
warmed flesh and into her crack. Jess flinched knowing it was the first time a
man's finger had felt in that place.

Milly took her place alongside Jess and surprised everyone by asking Gee to
kneel down between the woman's legs and force her knees apart as far as
possible. "Oh no, Millicent, not there, not with everyone watching. Please."

"Be quiet Jess, you did this to me enough times." Jess's cunt was now well
displayed and Milly standing alongside the victims right hip brought her hand
down lengthways to the arse crease and landed a smart hard blow right on her
vaginal lips. Jess cried and howled but Milly laid all ten on the same place.
"Feel how warm she is there now Rog," Milly suggested. He did. Her slit was also
moist.

Gee felt her as well and pushed two fingers right inside. "She's no virgin even
if she hasn't had a man's cock," she commented.

Roger took his turn and smacked both cheeks very hard, five times. His mind
recalled the suffering this woman had caused his loved one and Milly. "Do we get
to repeat the performance Rog?" asked Gee.

"Perhaps, but I think we'll wait until we see how she behaves in the kitchen.
Untie her now."

"Wait a moment please," Milly chimed in, "There is something I would like to do
although I have never done it with others watching." She knelt behind Jess and
pushed her face to the woman's cunt and started tonguing the opening. Jess
started to respond and was soon half unwillingly moving her bottom on the
Milly's face. All who watched could see Jess was building up to a huge climax.
Milly pulled her face away, "Let's untie her and start dinner."

"Please Millicent, don't stop, please...."

Smack! "You did that to me enough times, biddy bitch." Milly still had some
feeling for her late mistress but they were being overridden by remembrance of
the whipping she had received.

"I do need to go to the toilet, please," Jess begged.

"And it looks as if Rog needs some relief too," Gee remarked as she felt his
hard cock through his trousers, "We all had to pee while he watched after she
punished us, lets all watch her and give Roger's cock an airing at the same
time."

Despite her protests Jess was taken to the bathroom and sat on the toilet. She
cried out as her sore arse hit the wooden seat and again tried to protest as Gee
forced her knees apart. "Remember this is only a taste of what you will get if
you come back in a couple of weeks," she said, "And taste is going to be the
right word." Her hands quickly opened Roger's flies and remove his throbbing
cock and pulled it to Jess. "Roger said he wouldn't fuck you but you are going
to get his spunk in your belly if by a different route. Open your mouth biddy
bitch!" Only when Gee nipped the woman's nipples did she reluctantly comply.

"You had better work that mouth more than that biddy bitch. If he hasn't shot
his load in double quick time, I will take his belt and whip your tits and then
make you try again."

"It is her first time Gee," Milly pointed out.

Roger assisted by gently holding Jess's head and moving his hips back and forth.
He hadn't intended to do this but now the warmth of her  mouth around his shaft
felt so nice he was going to continue until he shot his load. Something he did a
few minutes later. "Lick my cock nice and clean," he ordered the blushing woman,
"Swallow it all down." Jess had looked around to see where she spit out the
stuff but now she knew they weren't going to let her.

When Roger returned his cock inside his trousers, Jess went to tear a sheet of
paper to wipe herself but Gee stopped her. "Roger will do that for you like he
did for us after our thrashing."




Chapter 11. Life with the Parson

"I really wonder if she will come back?" Milly asked Gee for the umpteenth time
that day. All morning they had discussed Jess's utter humiliation of the
previous afternoon and evening. "In one way I am sorry for her. I know what it
is like to be treated like that but it also felt great to be in command and
getting my own back."

"We didn't actually hurt her much, not compared to the cane but we sure did
embarrass her during the cooking and eating of the meal," Gee replied. The two
continued to laugh and chatter about what they might do if she did return but
their conversation was soon interrupted.

"Will you two girls quieten DOWN! How can I get any work done with that racket
going on?" Roger stood in the doorway of his office. "I'm behind schedule with
this novel now and I can't concentrate with you shouting and laughing outside my
door." Neither of the girls had seen him this angry before. "The events of the
last few weeks still invade my mind and I cannot conjure up the pictures of my
characters and the situations they are in."

"That's not our fault," said Gee.

"Either you work quietly or you'll both end up bent over the armchair and have
your arses warmed again."

"Promises, promises, always promises," quipped Gee.

"Sorry Roger," Milly sounded as if she were indeed sorry, "If it would help I
can read your work out loud to you. I did voluntary work for the RNIB talking
book service for the blind at one time. I could record it on tape and you could
play it back until your mind was living the events."

"Thanks Milly, but for the moment all I need is a bit of peace." Roger closed
the door again.

"Now I'd better get some more typing done." Gee whispered, "Would you like to
record what I've written so I can re-live the events?"

"If you listened to a recording of what you've written, you'd be so horny you'd
hump the tape machine!" Milly and Gee laughed quietly. They both knew Roger
would carry out his threat if they weren't quiet.

"Will it disturb you if I sketch you at work?" Milly asked.

"Not as long as you don't want me to hold a set pose." Gee opened the old
accounts book and as was her usual practice, went through the last paragraph
again.

'Without further ado he pulled my hair, forcing my lips closer to his member and
made me suck it until he spurted his sperm down my throat. He pointed out the
bed in the corner, and the pail for my bodily functions and left saying he would
see me in the morning. It was in fact nearly dawn then.

I must have slept because the next thing I knew was the Parson was in the room.
Light filtered through the tiny window. In the gloom, I could see he was wearing
a night-shirt and had brought some food and water. He placed them by my crude
bed and left saying he would get some candles. I was eating when he returned
with stubs of large altar candles. He lit one and made me stand and turn round
several times to have a good look at me. His hands were soon exploring every
part of my body. "You'll do very nicely," he said as he drew his nightshirt over
his head and I saw his pizzle in good light for the first time. Moments later I
was on the bed and it was inside me pumping its seed. Parson, for that is all I
knew of him at that time and the name I most frequently used, appeared very
dissatisfied because he had spewed his juices so quickly and made me take his
sticky member in my mouth to harden it again. When it did not respond, he left
the room still without his night-shirt and returned a short time later with a
tall leathern tube containing what I knew to be birches.

Taking a bound bundle of rods from the tube and shaking liquid from them her
ordered me to stand and bend over. I pleaded but received two strokes of the
birch for my words. The first landed across my stomach and the second on the
front of my thighs. "Lady Elizabeth, you will do exactly as I order. I told you
last night I had bought you and you are mine to use as I please. Never question
my right to whip you. And whip you I will. Good and hard. Now do as you were
told." I did and he brought that wicked bundle of twigs crashing down on my
bottom which had still not fully recovered from its attentions on the ship. I
cried out and tried to stand but he ordered me to remain in position. The second
stroke knocked me to the floor which angered him more and I took several more
blows across my shoulders and bottom whilst lying there sobbing unable to move.

Turning me over he angrily belabored my poor breasts with the birch and then
laid it several times on the tender parts between my legs. It seems the beating
of me had the desired effect on his pizzle and I was once again thrown on the
blankets and he rogered me. It was a very painful experience but this time he
seemed satisfied. I only lay in agony. My back and front were a mass of welts
and having his portly frame on top added to my pain but as he kept reminding me,
I was there for his pleasure, not mine.

So began my life here in what he called the crypt. Fortunately I wasn't beaten
too often but when I was, it was truly a painful experience.

Parson was a man of moods. Most days I was treated quite kindly. He brought me
food and water and occasionally a little wine or brandy. I suspected the latter
came from the brigantine we had sailed on but could not prove it. He removed my
toilet bucket each day. Often we would spend an hour or so conversing on various
subjects and during one of these when he found I could read and write and use
figures, he set me to checking his accounts. These are the accounts at the front
of this ledger. He recorded the monies he paid to the smugglers for their goods
and the money received from sales. Of the profit, a tithe went to the Lord of
the Manor for what he called protection.

He brought a large beautifully illuminated bible for me to read and two prayer
books in Latin. Finding I knew the language, he engaged me in translating the
prayers into English, mainly he said, for him to use as sermons. It wasn't too
long before I became his scribe and did other documents and texts for him. This
amused me and helped to wile away the long hours I was alone and kept my mind
occupied. For this work, he brought in a school type desk and a stool and the
pens and ink I needed.

Most days he would come at least once to take his pleasure with my body but on
several occasions, when he had to go away he left me sufficient food and water
for the time he expected to be away. Once it was for a week but usually it was
two days at most. Although, I was never sure whether I would be treated kindly
or be beaten when he was at home, I hated the loneliness of this underground
room when he was away and longed for his return.

One other piece of furniture he brought in was one I didn't wish. The whipping
bench you will see by the wall next to the door. He seemed very annoyed that I
could not just bend down and take the full force of the birch without being
knocked over. With the bench brought to the centre of the room I could be
strapped to the bench face up or face down and punished to the full extent of
his desire and he could roger me afterwards without having to remove the straps.
I have spent many hours sobbing on that piece of woodwork.'

Gee rubbed her eyes. She'd been typing too long and needed a cup of tea. While
she was concentrating on her typing, Milly had brought down her paint box with
its built in easel and was putting the final touches to the watercolour
portrait. As Gee rose, she looked up too but wouldn't allow Gee to see it. "It's
not finished," she whispered.

Gee made the tea and brought it in. "Toss you to see who takes Big Rog his." Gee
laughed.

"You take it, you're his wife," Milly teased.

"Not exactly!" Gee replied, "I just keep him amused in bed and do the
housework."

"Exactly!" Milly laughed.

"He seems in a better mood now," Gee stated as she sat with Milly to drink their
tea. "Aren't you going to let me see the painting?"

"It's for Roger."

"So you're giving my 'husband' presents now? Are you trying to seduce him away
from me? I thought you were a woman only girl."

"I am... I was .... I don't know but I'm not going to take Rog away from you.
I'm too old for him anyway. Seeing you two together though has somewhat altered
my opinion of men. Maybe if a man comes along...?"

"Milly? Do you get lonely at nights now you have your own room?"

"I guess I do although I hadn't thought about it too much but when I hear you
two at it, I feel I wouldn't mind if I had someone loving me."

"Do we make that much noise?" Gee giggled knowing they did. "We'll have to try
and be quieter."

"No! Gee. Don't let me stop you enjoying yourselves. In a way I like to hear it
but ...."

"It makes you horny and there is no one to relieve you."

"Sorta."

"Milly, when you get into that state, come and lay alongside me, like you did
when we were too sore to move. Rog won't mind and I'll be pleased to help you.
Long as you don't expect me to allow him to screw you. I'm his 'wife' remember.

 "What are you two whispering about? Whose wife?" Roger entered the room. "What
have you been up to?"

"I spell checked it as I went along so there shouldn't be any mistakes for you
to punish me for master," Gee giggled, "Milly's been painting me but won't show
it."

"I needed to finish it first and in any case it isn't for you, your husb..
master might not want you to see it."

Roger peeped at the painting, "Is that beautiful face really Geegee? Milly it is
very good, very good indeed." He gave the artist a hug and a kiss. "We must get
it framed."

"And put it in the box with all those other old pictures I suppose." Gee sounded
slightly annoyed. "And before I even see it too." Roger turned the picture
towards her and Gee's face lit up. "Wow! How can you do that. It's better than a
photograph!" she exclaimed and gave Milly a hug and a kiss.

Milly didn't let her go immediately but returned the kiss with passion. Roger
noticing Gee wasn't pulling away, suggested the pair go upstairs. "I'd like to
do another half hours work on the novel so we'll start dinner then. It's only
left-overs to warm up. You can have a little play but make sure you're back down
in the kitchen on time. There'll be sore bums again if I have to fetch you."

Roger did have to fetch them. When he looked in, Gee was on top of Milly, her
head between the older woman's legs sucking and nibbling her clit. Milly
appeared to be servicing Gee in the same way. Both were too far into what they
were doing to worry about intruders and both were close to orgasms to even think
about stopping. Roger's cock hardened inside his trousers. Gee cried out as her
climax came but continued to work on her friend until she too came. For some
moments they lay still on top of each other, relaxed and savouring the smells
and juices emanating the sexual organs close to their noses.

"Roger!" Milly's panic cry roused both of them.

Gee sized up the situation immediately. "Come here dear," she said, "It looks
like you need attention too." Moving from Milly she removed his trousers and
pants and pushed him on the bed. Roger's cock stood straight our from his body.
Milly went to get dressed but Gee told her to come and help. They both lay
either side of Roger and Gee started to suck his cock. "Count ten slowly," she
ordered Milly. At ten Gee passed the cock to Milly and started to count to ten
herself. "Whoever swallows his spunk is the winner," she managed to say between
counts. "Loser gets the spanking for both." After only five counts of ten, Milly
took all of Roger seed in her mouth and swallowed.

"Seductive bitch," laughed Gee the to Roger she added, "Dinner will be even
later if you waste time by spanking me."

"So be it," Roger laughed to as he pulled Gee over his lap. She felt his stick
prick against her belly. "Milly hold her legs wide open, I think I will try
smacking her like you did to Jess." Gee's cunt was still puffy and swollen from
it earlier attentions but Roger didn't hit hard. He did make her squeal though.




Chapter 12. Elizabeth dies

'May twenty fifth in the year of our Lord 1751

I stopped writing yesterday, the pains in my belly from not having any food were
too great to continue and I felt so very tired. Now the pains have eased a
little and I can go on a little longer but I shall have to leave out much of
what happened in this past year. It is now clear that something went wrong when
the Parson went to collect his smuggled goods and I have given up all hope of
ever being found alive.'

Gee started crying at what she had just typed. No one else was in the room so
she could cry in peace. She soaked a tissue with her tears and then another
before she felt able to continue typing.

'I feel at this time a great injustice is done to the women of this world. We
are used and abused and yet the male is always deemed as being in the right.
This attitude is typified by this experience of the male justice system.

A month or so after my incarceration in here the Parson came down and tied my
wrists and feet and put a gag in my mouth. "Not a sound from you," he warned as
he pushed the punishment bench through the door, collected the tub of birch rods
and immediately left. Shortly after I heard voices from the adjoining cellar.
One I recognised as Parson's and another, a woman who seemed to be pleading for
mercy. It wasn't long before the voices were replaced by pitiful screams and
wailing. I felt for her especially as the birching went on for far longer than I
would have expected.

Again, after a short interval of time, more voices which I could hear above the
woman's moans. Then a very loud man's voice. "Yer certainly made a good job of
her. P'raps she'll look to me cock a better noo. Methinks it'll be a while afore
I ken tak 'er tho." Parson spoke but I did not catch the words but found out
later her had advised the husband, for that is who the man was, to take her home
and immediately to have his way with her. He advised him to do it several times
a day if possible even while she was still suffering from the beating. He had to
do this to impress on the wife that he was master in house and he would not
tolerate her going elsewhere.

Parson came in to me when they had left. He was still in his robes and
perspiring freely. Shedding his clothes he took me violently while I was still
bound and gagged. He left again and returned with wine and food. I didn't have
to ask what happened for he seemed eager to relate it to me.

"The woman was Barker's wife and she had been found fornicating with a young lad
half her age. When her husband heard he asked me to give her the official
adulterers punishment except he didn't want her walking naked behind a cart. He
wanted me to do it inside a sacred building. This building was used for worship
many years ago and so it was consecrated at that time and so it still is. I
agreed to do it here as her cries wouldn't be heard afar. Barker brought her in
and took her clothes from her and waited in the church for me to expunge her
sin. As she wouldn't be having the humiliation of being walking behind a cart as
it made it way from one boundary to the other, naked and being whipped all the
way, the punishment I had to give must necessarily be more severe. I therefore
birched her from the soles of her feet to her neck on the front side and then
again on the back including, like I did with you Lady Elizabeth, her tender
slit. I doubt she'll stray far again."

"What happened to the lad she was fornicating with?" I asked.

"Why nothing of course. It was wifey's fault. She must have offered him her
body." I felt very sorry for the woman but could say nothing without incurring
punishment of my own. The story and witnessing and punishing a naked woman must
have aroused him because his pizzle was erect again and for the second time in
minutes her had me again.

My woman's curse came about two weeks after my arrival. I didn't really expect
it after all the seed I had taken in my womb but that is sometimes the way of
things. I hoped it would bring a respite from his rough rogering of me but it
wasn't to be. I was told that he would use the 'sailor's hole' and he wasn't
surprised the pirates had used it. Knowing I wasn't a virgin there nevertheless
he did at least get some dripping and smeared it on his pizzle and around my
bottom hole. His entry was still painful as my hole had closed up since leaving
the pirate ship but I believed if I had tried to stop him, it would have led to
another thrashing and then he would have used it harder afterwards. At least I
was experienced enough now to know I wouldn't be split open by it like I was
afeared of on the boat. Once he was entered the pain was bearable and he pounded
away until he spurted his seed deep inside my bowels. "That was good," he
remarked casually, "I must have you that way more often." And so he did and
throughout this past year he has taken me that way many times. The worst part is
afterwards when he makes me suck his pizzle clean.

He occasionally told me of other women he had. Another Elizabeth who he called
Betty, was a widow and he seemed to service her quite regularly. He said she was
forty years old but never had a child and was still very tight. Another was
still married and I wondered how he reconciled his fornicating with her and that
of Barker's wife. Would he thrash her too even though he was the culprit? Of
course it would be the wife's fault!'

My woman's curse stopped about four months ago and I know I am now pregnant.
Perhaps it is as well we die together. I cannot see how he would have kept a
baby and me or how I would have given birth to a child with no one to help.'

On a new page the entry started again is barely legible writing. Gee had to
decipher it word by word with a magnifying glass.

'May twenty seventh or eight in the year of our Lord 1751

This has to be my last entry. I know not what the day really is but I am very
weak and the last candle is almost finished. I have written another note and
will place it on top of the bed giving my name and date in case this journal is
never found. Now I shall lie down and await my final demise with calmness. No
one can save me or my baby now.

Lady Elizabeth Manning, late of Felstead Hall.'

Gee was now crying uncontrollably thinking she was alone in the room. She
wasn't. Roger had come out of his office and seeing her distraught state came up
behind her and clasped her firmly. "It's just so sad," Gee wept, "So sad that a
young girl had to lose her life like that and she is probably still there in
that room. We must find out Rog. We must. There should be a note on her body
giving her name."

Although Roger knew his afternoon's work was shot, he didn't castigate her.
Instead he cradled Gee in his arms and allowed her to cry. Milly came down and
was about to quip about them cuddling when she saw Gee's tear stained face. She
looked to the screen and read the last paragraph. "Gee," she said, "You knew the
girl's fate when you started copying it out. Be brave. I know you came to see
her as someone you knew very well indeed but it did happen over two hundred and
fifty years ago.

"I want to see her Rog."

"And you shall but remember it will not be a young girl that you see. All there
is likely to be are the bones. Whatever picture you have in your mind of a
delicate young girl, what we find will not look like it."

"I know that, but I want to find out if she is still there or if somehow or
other she was able to get away. If she's there, it will end the tale. If not it
may be the beginning although from what she says, I do not believe that
possible."

All three made their way to the cellar and Roger plugged in the quartz halogen
flood light and opened the small door. He went in and the others followed. The
intense light illuminated the box bed and the rags on it. "Do you want to be the
first to look, Gee," he spoke softly. It didn't seem right to speak out loud.

Gee nodded and tentatively pulled back the first layer of dirty fabric, then
another. The note was there with its message in large letters. Under lay the
skeleton of the young girl, lying as it had done for so long.

Roger held the note to the light, blew off the dust and read,

'Here lies Lady Elizabeth Manning, of Felstead Hall. Held here against her will
by the Reverend Christopher Winterton. Died about May 27th 1751 when he did not
return to feed her. May God have Mercy on My Soul.'




Chapter 13. Jess's punishment

It took over two weeks for the story to die down and the place returned to some
semblance of normality. The police came, forensics came, archaeologists came.
They all were told the same story. They had discovered the room two weeks
previously when clearing the cellar but didn't do anything as the room appeared
empty. Only when they went in with better lights did they discover the bed and
its macabre content.

Forensics took the bones away and the press got hold of the story. It appeared
on local and national TV. People turned up at all hours wanting interviews,
wanting to see the crypt, wanting a story or just some sexual high. Things began
to die down after a week and Roger put a large notice on the door stating he
would not be allowing anyone entry, and would not give any more interviews. Even
this did not deter everyone but Milly seemed best able to dissuade those who
dared to knock on the door. However there was one she decided to allow into the
house.

Late morning there was yet another Boom! Boom! Boom! On the door. Peeping from
behind the curtain, she noticed an expensive Daimler car. Opening the door to
the extent the recently fitted security chain allowed she enquired who he was
and what was his business. The gentleman handed her a card:

Lord Peter Manning

Felstead Hall

Essex.

"Come in Sir. I'm sorry the I'm dressed like this." She indicated her paint
splattered overalls "But we've just started decorating one of the rooms. I'm
Milly Sir." Milly was speaking very quietly. "Sorry Sir, we have to keep the
noise down because Roger is working on his book and is having to work extra
hours on it because of the tiswas of the last few weeks."

"I heard about it when I came back from holiday and drove over just on the off
chance," Lord Peter imitated Milly's low tones, "I wanted to find out more about
my ancestor you found here."

Then the penny dropped for Milly. "You are a descendant of Lady Elizabeth's? But
she didn't have children? I think you had better talk to Gee. She's into the
people side of the house. I'm into the woodwork. Please come upstairs, we can
talk without disturbance if you don't mind the mess."

Gee was just finishing a wall when they entered and were introduced. She
suggested they all moved to the bedroom out of the wet paint area. Both girls
removed their overalls and went to the bedroom. "Sorry, not the proper place to
greet a Lord." Gee laughed, "But we aren't hopping into bed with you."

"Why not just introduce me to Roger?" Milly again said he wouldn't want to be
disturbed. "But surely if you have a visitor....?"

"We don't want our bums warmed again, your Lordship," Gee's laugh was infectious
and Lord Peter laughed too.

"He keeps you under control then." It was as much of a statement as a question.
"But please, forget the Lordship business, I'm Peter when its not a formal
occasion."

"And you must be a descended from Lord James Manning."

"That's a quick deduction Gee. Yes. James Manning was the younger brother of
Lord Joshua and he inherited the estate when they determined neither he nor his
daughter was going to return. It was assumed the ship they were on sank without
trace and all were lost. I am at a loss to know how Elizabeth came to be here,
if indeed it was Elizabeth and not some hoax."

"Oh, it's definitely not a hoax, Lo.... Peter." Gee went on to give him an
outline of the girl's suffering. Her eyes were wet as she finished. She was
still very much affected by it. "Please, Peter, keep this to yourself for the
time being. We don't want to have all the upset of the press here again and we
are doing a book on the house. I'm researching the people side .."

"And I'm into the woodwork," Milly interrupted.

They spent some time discussing Elizabeth and her family. Peter had researched
his family tree back beyond her time and then they did the grand tour of the
Rectory and finally the crypt. Milly particularly impressed Peter with her
knowledge and the drawings she had done and he invited them all to visit
Felstead Hall.

"It's much larger than this and we have to open it to visitors to make it pay
its way, but much of it is still as it was," Peter said. "Perhaps you would like
to attend the funeral. I shall be claiming Elizabeth's remains and will have
them interred in the family plot in the grounds of the hall." Both girls said
they wished to attend.

"After so long she should be returned to her family," Gee stated. 

Roger emerged at lunchtime and was introduced. Over lunch Peter remarked that
the girls were reluctant to disturb him. "It's good to know that some men still
know how to control their women," Peter added.

"They seem to like it that way Peter," Roger answered.

Because of all the turmoil, Roger had to phone Jessica and postpone her visit
for a fortnight. "It will give you more time to make up your mind and to see if
your other treatment is beginning to work." Jessica said she didn't need another
extra time, her mind was made up but she understood the reasons for the delay.
Fortunately the event dropped from news just as quickly as it made the
headlines.

At lunchtime on the sixth Friday, the day she should arrive, the trio were
around the dining table discussing what they would do if and when Jess came. All
three had handled the cane and swished it harmlessly through the air. Only Milly
knew what it felt like to be on the receiving end.

An hour later the phone rang. Gee answered it. "It's Jess she called out to the
others."

"Gee. I have ordered the taxi and should be with you in half an hour. Please,"
she said with a slight catch in her voice, "Please be ruthless with me. For this
to work I don't want to be able to sit easily for a week, I don't want to be
able to wear a bra or to lie on my tummy. You have to humiliate me and use me
sexually in any way, and that includes Roger having his way with me. I am
putting myself totally at your mercy."

"If we have any," cut in Gee.

"Gee, I am very afraid of this. Apart from the other afternoon I have never
allowed anyone to dominate me and probably after the first few strokes of the
cane I shall be begging you to stop. Don't. Treat me like I would have treated
you, like I did treat you. I am sure you remember. This may not work as a cure
but unless I try it, I will always regret not doing so. But please don't leave
any permanent marks."

"Do you realise Milly may well have permanent scars on her arse? Some of her
welts are deep and still show. So you had better watch what you say when you ask
to be treated like you treated us."

"Sorry, Gee. Taxi's just arrived. See you shortly."

Gee passed on Jess's words to the others. "It seems as if she want to be caned
all over," Roger said, "I suggest we each take an area. I will cane her arse as
I am likely to hit harder than you and her bum flesh can take more punishment.
You can decide who takes the front of her thighs and who does her tits."

"After the way she hit mine, I wouldn't mind caning her tits," Milly said and
Gee agreed to take the thighs. "Can I?" Milly started, "Can I take her to bed
with me tonight?"

"I don't see why not," answered Roger.

"Provided you leave the connecting door wide open," giggled Gee.

"We'll see and hear what you get up to as well," Milly pointed out. "I know what
you do but Jess doesn't."

"Bring her in and let her watch!"

"Gertrude Gerrart, you are an exhibitionist!"

"Stop it you two," Roger interrupted. "Yes, we'll leave the door open and all of
us are free to wander in either way and whatever time. Milly if you need a hand
with Jess, just come and ask. She's a heavy woman and you may want help to lift
her."

"Boom! Boom." Gee answered the knock. "Our guest has arrived she announced."

Jessica shook slightly as she entered the room. No one greeted her. "Milly,
would you mind taking Biddy Bitch upstairs and stripping her of everything
except slippers," Roger instructed. Milly returned ten minutes later with her
now naked companion. Even though she had been naked in front of all of them
before, that was weeks ago and she blushed profusely when they looked her over.
She also noted the long box on the table and began to second thought about
asking to be punished by its contents.

"Make a pot of tea and bring it in to us here while we discus how, when and what
we are going to do with you," ordered Roger, "You should remember where things
are." Soon Jess returned with the tea things on a tray.

"What is the meaning of this?" Gee asked angrily.

"I've made the tea as I was told," stammered Jess, "It should be brewed by now."

"And why are there four mugs? You weren't expecting to be allowed to share our
tea and sit at our table surely Bitch?"

"I'm sorry Miss."

"What are things coming to when servants expect to sit at the same table as
their master and mistresses," Gee went on, sounding enraged but everyone knew it
was an act. "Come with me, and I will teach you a little more respect." Gee led
the shaking older woman to the armchair, bent her over the back and proceeded to
spank her bottom. The spanking caused Jessica to squeal a bit and it reddened
her arse but didn't seriously hurt her. Both knew it was only a token
punishment. "Now go back into the kitchen. You may drink water if you need to
drink. We'll call you when we are ready," stated Gee as she returned to the
table with the others.

"I know we can keep her in suspense for as long as we want but I suggest we get
it over with soon," suggested Roger. The others agreed.

They called Jess in and bound her wrists. "Should she not go to the loo first?"
suggested Milly, "We don't want a mess on the floor." Roger acknowledged that it
was a good idea and asked Milly to take her there. "No Roger, that should be
your job. You are in charge and you need to make sure she goes properly." Roger
grinned. He knew it would upset Jess more if he watched her pee.

He made Jess sit and spread her legs outside the wide mahogany seat so her cunt
was fully on view except where hidden by a forest of hair. "Very well Bitch,
piss and shit if you need to for if you sully my floor with your excretions it
will be a further dose of the cane on the offending openings. You should also
know that it will be extremely difficult for you to sit on the seat afterwards.
I had to hold Gee and Milly for several days after your treatment but you are
heavier I am not sure I will be able to without help." Jess wanted to relieve
herself but found it very difficult to start with a man staring at her cunt.
Eventually though the flow started and continued in a steady stream. She
couldn't bring herself to poop though. Roger gently wiped her.

Downstairs again, Gee and Milly took Jess to the 'whipping post' as it had
become known and made her clasp her arms around it. Gee tied Jessica's wrists
and then buckled two straps around her victim and the post. One was placed just
under the armpits so it pulled the post tightly into her cleavage and the other
around her thighs a little above the knees which kept her pubic mound close to
the post.

Roger came over with a long strip of cloth knotted several times in the middle
and gagged Jessica. "Biddy Bitch, you asked for us to show you no mercy however
much you pleaded. Now you cannot plead at all and we will not be influenced by
your pitiful cries. You asked for this to be done to try and cure you of your
sadism and to allow us some redress for the suffering you caused the girls here.
We shall all take a turn at thrashing you, each on a different part of your
body. I will try and keep myself and the girls under control and will stop if
the blood runs too freely." Jessica shook her head and looked very alarmed at
this statement. Tears now flowed freely from her eyes. "Yes, Bitch we have taken
your request to be completely at our mercy very seriously and until Sunday night
we will use your body as we wish, whether it is to inflict pain, subject you to
humiliation or have sexual pleasure at your expense. We thank you for providing
such a lovely instrument for caning you. I am sure it will do an excellent job
even in our inexperienced hands. As head of the household I will start by caning
your very full arse. We have decided on a minimum of one dozen and a maximum of
two on that part of your anatomy."

"Swish!! Thwack" Roger laid the first stroke across the backs of her thighs a
little below the buttock crease. Jess jerked her head and would have screamed
had not the gag prevented it.

"Swish!! Thwack  Swish!! Thwack Swish!! Thwack." Roger laid the strokes on quite
slowly and methodically, gradually working up from the first one. As he caned he
could feel an excitement grow within himself, a desire to hurt and he began to
get some idea of how Jess felt when she wielded the cane. He caned hard but in a
controlled manner which left raised welts across both thighs and both arse
cheeks. Although extremely painful he knew they would disappear after a week or
two. Sixteen strokes later he deemed her arse had been beaten enough. Only two
of the strokes had partially crossed and nowhere had he drawn blood.

Jess though was convinced he had and was crying uncontrollably. The pain, the
fire the torture was almost to great to bear. She vaguely remembered the she had
given the girls only nine or ten. She was being made to suffer more than they.

"Turn her round girls," Roger spoke quietly. "He was not keen to continue but
knew they should have their turn and Jess had insisted on getting the full
treatment although she hadn't put it in those words. Releasing the straps and
her wrists, Jessica had a few seconds in which she tried to feel her bottom but
they were quickly fastened back around the post with her front facing outwards.
This time the upper strap was placed below her breasts.

No one spoke as Roger handed Gee the cane. "Swish!! Thwack." Gee started on the
front of Jess's thighs and after eight strokes had reached the top of her pubic
hair line. Gee had tears in her eyes after what she had done and she looked in
awe at the livid lines she had made across the woman. At first she had hit hard
but the last four were much lighter, even so they were painful stripes. The
polished, flexible plastic cane would hurt even if only flicked on the skin.

Reluctantly Milly took the cane. Roger spoke in her ear, "Remember what she did
to you. She will do it again if we don't cure her. You must show her you are now
boss." Milly swung the cane purposefully upwards to catch the underside of
Jess's tits. It was obvious to the watchers it caused the woman serious pain.
Three times Milly hit the undersides of those tender globes, three times she hit
the tops and finally once she laid the cane right across the nipples. Roger saw
Jess was near to fainting and stopped Milly from planting a second across those
sensitive nubs.

They released Jess from the post but re-tied her wrists in front of her. Jess
could hardly stand and needed to grip the back of a chair for support. They
waited for a few minutes for her to calm a little before they removed the gag.
She drank a little orange juice through a straw. Ten minutes later they untied
her wrists. Jess cried and sobbed with the horrendous pain. Her whole body
seemed on fire.

"I am going to bath you now Jess, and we will give you some painkillers that we
found worked well with the girls. Unless you give us cause, this will be the
only beating you will get. However, we will still use your body for our pleasure
even if it is not for yours. I still intend to fuck you in any or all of your
three holes and if the girls want to use you for their pleasure then they will
do so. Any refusal will result in further punishment. Do you understand?" Almost
imperceptibly Jess nodded. Words would not have been heard through the sobs and
cries of pain.

Roger and Milly between them got Jess to the bathroom. Gee was already running
the water. Roger undressed and got in the bath and after making her kneel,
started gently sponging luke warm water over her tits. The water ran down and
soothed the welts across her front too. Gee did the same on her arse.

Jess's sobbing was a little quieter now but was still very audible. Roger stood
in the bath, his erect cock now level with Jess's face. Milly took hold of it
and held it to the woman's lips. "Here's a dummy, suck on it like a baby. You
know what they call them in the States don't you? Pacifiers. Perhaps it will
pacify you. Open up Jess. You know you have to." Slowly the lips parted and
Roger's prick went in. Gently he worked it back and forth not too sure she
wouldn't attempt to bite. She didn't. After the sexual high of the caning, it
wasn't long before Roger shot his load. He held Jess's head lightly but she
didn't try to pull away. She was more used to women's secretions but this was
the second time she'd tasted male spunk.

After they had dried her, Roger said, "Jess, I know it is painful for you to
move but we found with the others the muscles became very stiff if you didn't
move a little so we are going to the kitchen and you can help prepare our rather
late dinner. From now on you are our guest and will eat and sleep with us, but
you will also be our plaything and you will do everything you are told to do."
Jess found it very difficult to do anything. It hurt to stand, she couldn't sit
and she could only lie on her side for a short while without a tit or the end of
one of her arse welts touching a harder surface and causing her to yell. Milly
put creams on the worst places and took her to bed.




Chapter 14. Running away

When Gee and Roger went to bed at ten a light was on in Milly's room so they
looked in to see how the other pair were getting on. Milly was cradling Jess to
her breast. "I'll give her another couple of pills in a bit," she said, "Perhaps
after you two have had your fucking session for the night, we can take Jess to
the loo. She says she doesn't want to go but it'll be better for her to go soon
and not have to wake you up in the night." It was a struggle to get Jess moving
again and at the loo they found the only way for her to pee was to do it like a
man with the seat up and her straddling the bowl. By now she no longer seemed
bothered by Roger's presence.

As usual Roger woke early and looked in on Milly and Jess. They were already
awake and didn't appear to have had much sleep. "Let's get her to the bathroom,"
said Roger and all of them jostled for space to wash and piss. Jess's body was
now a deep purple colour where the cane had deeply welted the flesh. Milly ran
the bath and washed and dried her and then bathed herself. Roger massaged cream
into all the bruises particularly taking his time over her tits and cunt even
though she hadn't been hit there. He wanted to her to know she was their
plaything for two more days.

Gee came into the bathroom. "Kettle's on," she announced and seeing what her
partner was doing commented, "Do you enjoy having your tits rubbed by a man now
Jess?"

Roger answered for her. "It doesn't matter whether she enjoys it or not. I quite
liked doing it. As you can see it was stimulating." Gee noticed his erect cock,
leaned against the wall and pulled him into her.

"Fuck me Rog." she said. He did.

Jess watched for a while wondering when and if he would he would do it to her.
Roger noticing she was looking said, "It'll be your turn next," and ordered her
to go and make the tea. "You can pour one for yourself too," he went on
magnanimously. Jess made her painful way slowly down the stairs, groaning with
each step.

For the next two days, Jess was subjected to many indignities by the two girls
but Roger hardly touched her. She began to wonder if her had forgotten or didn't
want to rape her. Was she too ugly? Too fat? Or was he just too kind knowing she
was in a great deal of pain. Jess's mind shuttled back and forth from wanting
him to keep well away to wanting to know what it felt like to have a man inside
her if it was only for once in her life.

Milly had asserted herself and seemed well in control of Jess and handled her as
if she were a naughty ten year old. After these few days she knew her
relationship with Jess would never return to its former subservience. She didn't
believe she would ever return to living with the woman who so abused her even it
she was cured or believed to be cured of her sadistic affliction.

Sunday night, Jess's last official night of 'slavery' as the girls liked to call
it, Milly was in the bathroom washing Jess's backside prior to going to bed when
Roger walked in to pee. He was naked but by now no one worried if one or other
used the loo in their presence. Roger watched as Milly carefully patted Jess dry
and then ordered Jess to bend over and hold the sides of the bath. At first she
thought he was going to spank her one last time and began to plead with him.

"Spread your legs wide, woman," Roger reply abruptly. "Hold tight." Milly could
see by the state of Roger's cock what he intended and opened Jess's cunt for
him.

"Aaaagh!!" Jess cried out, a cry which brought Gee running into the room. It was
more the shock, than the initial pain of entry that caused Jess to scream. She
was used to having dildoes inside her so there was no hymen to worry over.
However, when Roger thrust all the way in and his pelvic bones touched the
painful stripes her screams were very warranted. Roger eased his pounding and
tried to stop a little short of full entry but didn't always succeed. Once
inside, lust somewhat took over and together with the squirming movements Jess
made, he frequently connected with the sore flesh.

Soon though, his sperm entered the infertile womb of a woman who could no longer
conceive and after waiting a few minutes Roger withdrew his prick.

"Bitch!" exclaimed Gee, "He's serviced you and now I will have to forego my
pleasure for tonight." Turning to Milly she asked, "Would you mind bringing her
to my bed later so at least I get to have a climax even if it with an old
woman's tongue."

Gee almost regretted her words later. Jess was an expert in making love to women
and she did it so well with Gee, the young girl had several climaxes one after
the other. "I can see what Milly finds in her she thought as she finally allowed
the elder woman to return to the other room.

At breakfast next morning, Roger stood. "Ministerial speech time," chuckled Gee.

"And it will be arse warming time if you don't shut up," answered Roger. "Girls,
as you know Jess has served her punishment time with us. From now on she can
wear clothes and if she wishes she may leave. However, in view of the
difficulties she is having sitting and moving, I will allow her to stay with us
providing Milly doesn't mind her sharing her bed." Milly nodded it was okay.
"She will be our guest so no more humiliating her but I will expect her to do
what work she can and abide by the house rules we have here. She can help in the
kitchen and do other light housework until she is ready to leave. She is not to
be punished further without good cause. Is that understood?"

"Yes, SIR!" Gee stood up and saluted.

"You are pushing your luck Gee."

Three months later, Gee was getting depressed. She'd stayed in this 'job' longer
than any other and she was getting a little bogged down with her book, the
information she wanted just couldn't seem to be found. Everything was becoming
routine. Up, breakfast, housework, book, dinner, read, bed, quick fuck if she
was lucky, sleep. The excitement she felt earlier had gone. Roger treated her
gently and even though she did some things deliberately to annoy him, he didn't
lose his temper. He had though voiced his displeasure when on the two previous
days, Gee had not made their meal on time or to his satisfaction. Earlier in her
stay she'd have been spanked, now he just seemed gloomily dissatisfied. His book
wouldn't quite come together in the way he wanted either. It should have been
finished and the publisher's were on his back.

Milly kept on cheerfully measuring and drawing and she'd been over to Felstead
Hall twice and it seems that Lord Peter had treated her very well although she
didn't admit to having slept with him, however many times Gee asked. She was
there again for a long weekend. As always when Milly was away the house seemed
very quiet and this made Gee even more depressed.

"I like Roger, I like him a helluva lot but will it last? He's a bit older than
me. Not that much but he's past the time when he wants excitement and parties,"
she thought, "Perhaps I should go away for a bit. Get another job. Get away from
the old dark house. Try another training scheme. I do have a little money in the
bank from what I've been paid and I've better clothes now. No sleeping in the
park. It's winter but I should be able to get a room somewhere while I look for
work. My probation is over so I don't won't have them on my back."

The afternoon was bright and dry but cold when she quietly closed the door.
Roger wouldn't notice her absence until tea didn't arrive in two hours or so.
Out of sight of the house she pulled out her new mobile phone and ordered a taxi
to town. It would be dark soon and she didn't really want to be walking the
streets with all her stuff then so she went directly to the YWCA. Luckily they
had a room. Dumping her gear on the bed she wandered around the town for a bit
and then returned to her room. Nothing happening here. Dead.

Next day she headed north to a larger town and booked into the YWCA there.
Hearing the voices of other girls she popped her head out of the door just as
they passed. "Hi," she greeted them, "I'm Gee. Anything happen around here?"

"I'm Sally and this is Stella." The two girls were more or less Gee's age. "The
Chopsticks is open tonight. Fancy going there? We'll go about nine."

"This is livelier than the Rectory," Gee said as she danced to disco music.
She'd had a few glasses of wine and felt high and happy. A couple of boys bought
her and her new friends drinks but the girls then seemed to disappear. Why
worry, she thought. I been alone enough in my life. 1 a.m. the club closed and
everyone left. She had only a vague idea how to get back to the hostel and the
streets were rapidly becoming deserted.

Two men and a girl came by laughing. Seeing her alone the laughing stopped and
the girl said something to the men which Gee couldn't catch. "Hi there, what are
you doing out at this time of night without an escort? There are dangerous
people like us around. While she watched the man talking, the girl had slipped
behind her. She threw a scarf over Gee's head and pulled it tight around her
neck. The men moved quickly to pin her and stop her screaming. Holding a knife
to her throat they rifled her pockets and took the few pounds she had, her phone
and her new credit card and forced the PIN number out of her. Foolishly as it
turned out, Gee kicked out and caught one of the men in the balls. While he was
holding his throbbing genitals the other man just said, "So that it the way you
want to fucking well play it," and started punching her in the stomach and face.
It wasn't long before Gee fell to the ground gasping for breath. A car came by
and the group picked Gee up and held her close, pretending they were snogging.

After it had gone the girl suggested "Let's put her in one of the allotment
sheds and get the hell out of here. We've got all we can from her. Someone will
find her in the morning and by then we'll be a long way away."

"You start screaming or kicking bitch and I'll carve some pretty lines in your
face," snarled knife man. Gee knew she didn't stand a chance so allowed herself
to be pushed and dragged through a small gate and along a path between the
allotment plots. The group tried the doors of several garden type sheds but all
were locked until they came to one more decrepit looking than the others. The
door creaked open and by the faint light that drifted across the plots from the
street lamps, they could see a barrow and various other garden tools. Moving the
barrow outside they tied Gee's shoelaces together, then her wrists with twine
from the shed and gagged her with an old shirt that had been used for cleaning
tools.

Gee sat uncomfortably cramped on the floor, tool handles poked her back, onion
smells filled the air and it was pitch dark. As they left the group fastened the
hasp with a twig effectively locking it and preventing Gee's escape even if she
could free herself.

"Why did I do this to myself? Why didn't I stay with Roger? What would he do
when he saw her note?" Gee berated herself time and time again during the long
night. "Why didn't I say what I planned to do? Why didn't I tell Milly before
she left? Why did I only write 'Am on the move again' on the note she left?" For
a while she just sat, shivered from the cold and cried but after an hour or so
she reprimanded herself for doing so. "It won't help" she said to herself.

Eons later, or so it seemed to Gee, light began to filter through cracks above
and below the door. "Maybe someone will come by soon," her mind said, "Gardeners
are early birds." Several times she heard voices but they were in the distance.
Soft yet heavy footsteps passed close but again they kept walking and the owner
didn't hear her trying to bang the door with her feet.

More voices. Closer this time. She could hear them clearly, "Fred's left his
barrow outside again. That's asking for it to be pinched. Bet he didn't even get
a new lock for his shed." By the gleams of sunlight now lightening the darkness
of the shed, Gee was able to tip the handle of a spade until it rested on the
inside of the door. With her knees she lifted it slightly and let it fall. It
knocked on the door. Four times she did it before she heard the men turn and
came back. Groaning into her gag as loud as she could, was just enough to arouse
the curiosity of the gardeners.

Had this been a comedy, Gee thought, the expression on their faces when they
opened the door, would have brought the house down. "Go an' see if Clive's got
his mobile," one of the men said. A few minutes later, he returned to say police
and ambulance were on their way. Michael, she found his name out later, cut the
twine from her wrists and carefully undid the strands that were now almost
embedded in the swollen flesh. Gee sobbed with the pain and blood returned to
her hands. She could hardly speak after being tightly gagged for so long but she
was able to gasp her thanks before she passed out. Her next recollection was
moving at high speed in the ambulance.

Jessica heard the story on the local radio before she set out for work. She
didn't have to go, the doctors had given her a certificate for another month but
she felt better when she wasn't alone in the house all day. "I'll visit her,
she's left Roger." she decided. A quick chat with the lady in the cafeteria and
she found out which ward Gee was on. "Hello Gee." A young police officer had
tried to stop her entering but Jessica just brushed him aside with all the force
a fairly portly middle aged lady could muster.

"Jess!" Gee cried seeing the woman now as an almost long lost friend. They
kissed and the police man decided not to stop them.

"What's the damage then Gee?"

"Some bruises and a cracked rib or two. Haven't looked in the mirror yet but
they say my face is a wonderful colour. My hands still feel funny and tingly. I
should be able to go home this afternoon if I still had a home to go to. My
money's gone so I can't even go back to the YWCA."

"Why not go back to Roger?"

"I can't. I left." Gee went and told Jess the whole story. "He won't want me
back after this?"

"You could stay with me, but it seems as if you still love him. Loving a woman
is only a small sideline to having a man. Am I right?"

"Yes," Gee answered quietly.

"Seems to me Gee, after what I did to you and he did to me, he's lost control of
you. You began to do just what you wanted and he let you get away with it,
afraid of hurting you. We'll change that, once and for all time."

"I don't want you thrashing me again, Jess..... I"

"Don't be afraid of that Gee. I won't touch you but I will insist that Roger
either keeps you under the proper control you need and never had as a child or
he lets you go completely and you make your own way through life. Your like a
naughty child Gee, if you get away with anything you go one step further. Also I
think that because you are not punished for it, you think Roger doesn't really
care for you. If he did he would make sure you didn't do these things. I know
Roger loves you. He's been worried sick since you left. He's phoned me three
times thinking I might be keeping you hidden. Do you really love him?"

"Yes, I do. I see that clearly now. Sitting in that shed all night reminded me
of Lady Elizabeth being cooped up in a barrel. She too must have had weird
thoughts as to what was going to happen as she sat bound and gagged in the dark.
She didn't know what fate awaited her. I at least have some choice. Do you think
he wants me back? Why didn't he come here if he does?"

"You didn't give the police your Old Rectory address I guess. Roger may not know
where you are yet," Jess went on, "He doesn't listen to the radio much and
doesn't have TV. He said you probably would have moved on to London but finding
you there would be extremely difficult. He's looked in neighbouring towns
already. When they discharge you, you will come home with me and then I'll phone
Roger to pick you up."

*****

Roger rushed to Jess's home and gave Gee a hug but she immediately cried out,
moved back and pushed him away. His face fell and the thought flashed through
his mind that Jess had taken her as a lover. "It's alright Rog." Gee grabbed his
hand and held it, "I've got a cracked rib or two so no hugs for now okay?" She
leaned forward and gently kissed him. Her bruised face was still painful.

"Thanks for finding her Jess..."

"Not so fast young Roger. When you get her home, make sure you give her arse a
good pasting for what she did. If not today, do it in the next week. I'll come
over the following weekend and if she hasn't been well spanked by then I will do
it for you. It was your lack of discipline that lead to her running away."

"Sorry Jess, I will decide if and when Gee gets punished. From her bruises, it
looks as if she has been punished enough for this escapade but I realise she
will need a firmer hand in future. But it will be me that decides."



Epilogue

Four years later, Gee and Roger were married. The marriage coincided with the
publication of "The Old Rectory" a glossy hardback book acclaimed by historians
and architects for the way the lives of the occupants and the architecture were
interlinked. Milly stayed on but was spending an increasing amount of time at
Felstead Hall and not just looking at the building. Her relationship with Lord
Peter was growing slowly but it taking some time to rid her mind of subservient
lesbianism and come to terms with heterosexual relationships. She was uncertain
whether she wanted to become a 'lady' with its attendant responsibilities and
publicity.

Jess returned to working in the Job Centre but all remarked how she had been
changed by her 'nervous breakdown.' She was not an infrequent visitor to the
rectory. The cane remained in its case as a harsh reminder of what had happened.
They all knew that it was only by chance things had worked out well for all of
them and it could so easily have ended in disaster or even prison for some of
the participants. Gee wasn't allowed to get away scott free with misbehaviour.
Roger bought a leather tawse which hurt and reddened Gee's bottom on more than
one occasion but did no permanent damage and often really served to sexually
stimulate her.



Finis.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  obohobo


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





