BDSM Library - I Have A Secret In My Shoe Too




I Have A Secret In My Shoe Too
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: She thought nobody would have shared her passion to nylon stocking and feet. But soon she found her partners and their obession went way beyond just the feet.
I have a secret in my shoe too
Part one
Story by Joy Cohaan

I'm a petite woman of 29 years old. There is one big obsession in my life:
smelly nylon feet. It took three years of psychoanalysis to understand my
feelings. Only through rebirthing did I learn the truth. I had my first erotic
memories when I was a girl of one year old. I was lying on the carpet in front
of my parents. They were sitting on the couch. My mother in black seamed fully
fashioned stockings and my father in long black nylon sheer transparent socks.
They were reading books and meanwhile playing with me: with their nylon feet, as
always. They were teasing me and rubbing me with their nyloned feet. They both
had the smelliest feet I ever experienced. Later I realized that this was the
most important experience in my childhood, because until today smelly feet in
nylons are the best thing in the world to me. Although I have enjoying myself
quite a lot until now I never met a man or a woman who shared my obsession.
Until last Tuesday.

It was my day off and I decided to do some shopping but first I had to dress. I
was standing before the mirror in my garterbelt, shiny stockings and high heels.
Ever since my sixteenth birthday I wore old fashioned black seamed stockings.
Because of my obsession for smelly feet I never take my stockings off. I wear
them night and day without washing my feet or my stockings. I only take them off
when they are ruined. Sometimes that takes a very long time. The stockings that
I'm wearing at the moment have been wrapped around my small feet for almost six
months. After a few months it is almost impossible to take them off because they
stick to my feet. Together with the dirt and the sweat they cling tightly to my
feet. Whenever they are ruined and I need to take them off I really have to tear
them off. I do not only keep the stockings on at night, but also my high heeled
shoes.

Because I need to keep my feet warm, wet, sticky and smelly I have to keep them
covered with the same dirty shoes. I do not have to take my shoes off to smell
my feet because they are so smelly I smell them always. The smell travels up to
my whole body and nests in the rest of my clothes. To achieve that effect I wear
only nylon, satin or polyester clothes. Transparent nylon panties, a heavy satin
underwired bra, a luxury knee length satin full slip with lace and a glossy
exciting satin suspender belt with deep lace flounce and eight fat suspenders.
All black. Today I choose a firm black satin skirt to wear. It is a pencil skirt
with a slit. On top of that I wear a white satin shirt blouse with long sleeves.
Within half an hour all the clothes I'm wearing get moist. They stick to my body
and up travels the smell of my feet. When I'm wrapped in moist nylon within a
few hours my whole body becomes a big smelly foot and that is the way I like it.
To me it is the best perfume there is. It smells delicious. I decide to wear a
black plastic shiny raincoat because it drizzles a little bit outside. The heels
of my shoes are four and a half inches high. Almost five really. I can easily
walk on six inch high heels but not for long. As a professional hairdresser with
my own shop I'm standing all day long. So a full five or six inch heel is very
difficult.

Outside it drizzles a little bit, but it is also hot and humid. I put my hat,
that matches my coat, on my head, and cover my hands with the sheerest gloves
possible. They are hand made from a pair of seamed stockings. Because it is very
hot outside I start sweating immediately. My plastic coat prevents the warmth
from escaping so within a short time I'm steaming all over my body. My clothes
and body become damp and wet. My legs are always the first to start sweating and
I feel the little drops of sweat tickling down my nylon covered legs into my
shoes. Walking on dirty nylon feet is heavenly. It is a special experience. My
feet are practically glued to my stockings and my stockings are glued to my
shoes. Walking is a little bit like gliding in my shoes. I can not exactly tell
what it feels like, but one can compare it with walking with a shoe full of old
mayonnaise.

On the streets I get a lot of attention. Feminine clothes, seamed stockings and
high heels are very popular in Holland, but most woman only wear them inside. On
the streets it is blue jeans all over the place. I decide to buy a pair of
stockings. There is only one shop in Holland that sells fully fashioned
stockings with a square heel. All the other shops only sell the modern English
version with pointed heel. They are called Aristoc. But I hate the pointed heel.
A square heel is the only real thing. The stockings I always buy have a very big
heel. And when I say big, I mean big. The heel is about six inches. Two inches
disappear in my shoe but the other four inches show clearly. It is not small,
but a fat heel. The reinforced foot with the reinforced toes and heel is so big
also that it shows on all sides with the shoe on.

The shop I'm visiting is called MeDask in Amsterdam. In the first place it is a
rubber shop. Almost everything in the shop is made of rubber: skirts, blouses,
coats, stockings, underwear. But they also have my stockings. When I'm looking
around a little bit in the shop there is a voice behind me that says: "I smell
feet." When I turn around I'm standing eye to eye with a very beautiful woman.
She is dressed almost as I am. The same coat, the same fully fashioned black
stockings with a square heel and almost the same shoes. But the rest of her
clothes are completely different. From knee to neck she is covered in heavy
rubber. A tight rubber hobble skirt, a rubber blouse and rubber gloves. All
black. Because of the high temperature she is sweating profoundly. I can tell
because her sheer and shiny stockings and legs are soaked.

"Excuse me?" I answer.

"I smell the beautiful scent of nylon feet. It smells like perfume to my nose."

I am a little bit off balance and don't know what to say. The words are like
music in my ears but because I've never been in a situation like this, I don't
know what to say. The only thing I manage to say is: "Thank you." "Thank you!"
the woman answers. "Thank you for giving my nose so much pleasure," she says.
"By the way. Are you willing to give me a hand trying on this dress? It is a
very tight rubber dress and I can not possibly try it on without assistance. I
am waiting for the saleslady for twenty minutes already but she is terribly
busy." The woman showed me the dress and I said: "Yes." "My name is Victoria,"
she said as we walked to the dressing room together. "My name is Esther," I
said.

In the dressing room I helped her out of her blouse and skirt. Underneath she
wore a rubber corset with eight garters and rubber briefs. She was completely
wet. Her clothes were dripping on all sides. In no time the floor was completely
wet.

When she was undressed she said: "I simply love your smell, Esther. May I kiss
your feet? Please?" she added.

"Yes. . . I would love you to do it." I said embarrassed but at the same time
excited.

I sat down on the chair and crossed my moist nyloned legs, but not without
making the beautiful sound of nylon rubbing against nylon. She knelt down on the
wet floor and started kissing and licking my high heeled shoe. Her tongue
disappeared between the instep of my shoe and my feet trying to taste the
stickiness on my feet. "May I take off your shoe?" she asked. "Yes," I moaned.
"But I am not sure if you can. I haven't taken them off for over five months."

"My god, it is incredible. If that is true this will be the best day of my
life."

She carefully tried to remove my shoe, but didn't succeed. "Let me do it," I
said. With a little bit of force it came loose. Victoria gasped when she saw the
inside of my shoe and the sludge around my foot. "My god, I can really eat this
foot," Victoria said, but she didn't eat my foot immediately. She laid down on
her back and planted my foot on her nose. "I want to smell this sludge first,
darling," she said. With her nostrils going up and down and with a heavy
breathing she kept smelling my foot for over ten minutes. "I love you. I love
you," she kept repeating.

After the ten minutes she started slowly licking my entire foot from top to
bottom. There was a thick layer of sludge under my foot. On some places the
nylon material of my stocking had completely disappeared under the sludge.
Victoria was really eating my foot. She tried to get as much sludge in her mouth
as possible. When she finally took as much as possibe of my toes in her mouth
she shivered and afterwards climaxed spontaneously. When she recovered she stood
up and kissed me full on my mouth. Her breath and her mouth smelled entirely
like my feet. For the first time I was kissing my own feet. It felt delicious.

"I have a secret in my shoe too," she said. You are the first person ever to
whom I tell this. She sat down on the other chair and removed a shoe. She showed
me the shoe. Inside the shoe I saw half an inch of water. "Piss," she said.
"That is my own piss. Like you I never take off my shoes and stockings, but the
difference is that mine are always filled with piss. Let me show you how I do
it." She put the shoe back on and stood still for half a minute. She pressed her
legs against each other. "Do you see it?" she asked. "No," I said. "Look at my
legs!" When I studied her legs more precisely I saw that a little stream of piss
was tickling down her sheer legs and filling her shoes to the edge. Without
asking I bent down and put my mouth on her foot. At first I only kissed her
soaking feet. My lips becoming wet from her warm piss. Within a few minutes I
was sipping the piss out of her shoe. Because she kept pissing it enabled me to
keep drinking her warm piss. I removed her shoe, turned on my back and took all
her fully fashioned nylon toes in my mouth. Although very slowly she kept on
pissing and the warm liquid kept streaming into my mouth. Although I sometimes
had tasted my own piss I had never swallowed it. But hers tasted wonderful, even
better than champagne. With the warm liquid dripping from her toes in my mouth I
had a beautiful view of the underside of her foot: the black seam going up her
leg, the big square heel of her stocking standing proudly, the sandal foot
disappearing in my mouth, the beautiful gloss all over her leg because her
stocking was reflecting the light.

Although her foot wasn't as dirty as mine because the piss in her shoes all day
long prevents the dirt from sticking to her feet, her foot was in no way clean.
Not on the outside but on the inside of the stocking there was a lot of sludge
piled up. Maybe they were not as dirty as mine, but the smell was tremendous. I
inhaled deeply to get as much smell as possible. My lungs were on fire because
of the big pleasure I was receiving. I could keep on lying there forever. After
a few minutes she sat down again on the chair, removed her other shoe and
planted her wet nylon smelly foot on my nose. Two little toes disappeared into
my nose. The other foot remained in my mouth. I climaxed as I had never done
before. I was the happiest woman in the world. I stood up and we kissed
passionately for a very long time. She never tried the dress on. We left the
shop as two teenagers in love.

Outside she said: "I forgot to fill my shoes." At the same time she stood still
on the sidewalk, filled her shoes to the edge and walked on with a splashing
sound coming from her shoes. "How come the piss stays in your shoes," I asked.
"Because the inside of all my shoes is covered with waterproof plastic. It keeps
the piss inside and it keeps my feet sweaty and warm," she answered. As we
walked towards a cafe we could hear each other clearly. Slosh, Slosh, as wet
nylon glides along wet nylon and splashing sounds from our feet. We sat down by
a table near the window. Within half a minute we started laughing because we
both were frequently crossing our legs. I love the sound that comes from
crossing sheer nyloned legs and I myself very frequently cross my legs all day
long because of the sensation it gives me, but I never experienced other women
doing it and certainly not in my presence. Because obviously Esther had the same
thought, we both had to laugh. Crossing nyloned legs was for both of us a habit.
At the table in the cafe we had a little competition. Who could produce the
loudest sound by crossing our legs. I pressed my legs together hard and very,
very slowly lifted my left leg. Higher than necessary of course to produce more
sound. Then slowly, keeping on the pressure, I shifted my left leg to the right
while crossing the right leg. Finally I brought my left leg down slowly to
finish the crossing. We both tried to do it in the most sexy way. The fact that
the neon lights were shining on our stockings highlighted the procedure. When
the waiter came Esther ordered a bottle of cheap house wine. When he returned
and left two glasses and the bottle on the table Esther said to me: "In the
toilet the empty wine bottles are stacked. Please go there, take an empty
bottle, fill it with your own champagne, put the bottle in your handbag and come
back here. Will you do that for me?"  "At the moment I'll do anything," I said
and walked away. I did as I was asked and filled the bottle almost entirely.

When I came back at our table she grabbed my handbag and exchanged the two
bottles without anybody noticing it. She filled both our glasses and said:
"Cheers." We both took our glasses and brought them to our lips. We sat staring
at each other without drinking. At the same time we lifted the warm and steaming
glass to enjoy the odor. Then we both took a sip and enjoyed the taste of the
"wine." It tasted wonderful. While we were emptying the bottle, she asked me to
place my chair in front of her across the table. She did the same and asked for
my foot. I gave it to her under the table. She caressed my foot for a while and
tickled it with her two inch long red nails. After a few minutes she places my
big toe at the entrance of her cunt and said to me: "Push darling." While I was
pushing my toes disappeared in to her dripping cunt. "Harder," she whispered. At
first I didn't understand it but when half my stinky nyloned foot was inside her
cunt I did understand what she wanted. I moved my chair a little bit further to
the table, shifted my position and pressed as hard as I could. Finally with a
little thud it disappeared completely in her belly. "Move your foot please," she
said with a little difficulty because she was gasping for air. I did as I was
told and I moved my slippery sludged wet foot up and down her cunt. With each
moment it became more easy. "Hold it still for one moment please," she asked. I
knew immediately why because I felt her warm piss streaming down my leg and
foot. "Start moving your foot again," she said. Her cunt was now a big slippery
hole and my fully fashioned nylon foot slid in and out easily. She climaxed in
her chair. I removed my soaking foot and slipped it in my shoe again. It felt
completely warm and sticky. "Thank you," she said. "The reward will come soon."

As we walked to her home we got a lot of attention. Mainly because our legs and
feet were soaking wet and dirty, people could hear us walking. Rubber was a very
important item at her home. The chairs, the couch, the floor, the curtains and
her bed were all covered or made of rubber. She showed me her closet. Her
wardrobe was completely made of rubber. "I've no other clothes," she told me.
"I've worn rubber night and day for over fifteen years." We laid down on her
rubber bed. I inhaled the smell of the rubber and enjoyed it very much. She
covered us both completely with a big huge heavy rubber sheet. We started
kissing passionately while the heat was building up under the rubber sheet. Then
from the inside she tucked the sheet tightly under the mattress. It became
completely dark and breathing became difficult. The smell of rubber and her
tongue were everywhere. Then she crouched to the other side of the bed and gave
me her feet to lick while she grabbed mine to do the same. I took her shoes off
and planted both her wet smelly feet in my face. I sucked hard so I could get as
much piss in my mouth as possible. She did the same and was gulping down the
sludge from my feet.

When our feet were finally clean she moved up a little bit and placed my foot
again on her cunt. It went in easily. She also took my other foot and placed in
on the entrance of her ass. It needed some hard pressure, but it went in
alright. Now both my feet were inside her belly. I kept moving my feet in and
out. After a while I couldn't stand it any longer and grabbed both her nyloned
feet and shifted them to my cunt and ass. It took quite some time but we
succeeded finally. They both went in.

What followed was like a fight. We both kicked our legs to all sides to make as
much movement as possible. We were really trampling each other hard. Going in
and out with all the force we had in us. The pain became pleasure and we
climaxed together. We removed our fully fashioned nylon feet from our bellies
and started licking them feverishly. Finally we went to sleep. Her perfumed
nylon feet were on my pillow and my feet on hers. We fell asleep with each
others nylon toes in our mouths. That was the end of a very exciting day with
lots of nylon smelly feet. 


End of part 01




I have a secret in my shoe too
PART TWO
Story by Joy Cohaan

Victoria was an early riser. Although we went to bed very early, I was not used
to rising at seven o'clock in the morning. But Victoria had big plans. She awoke
me by kissing me full on my mouth. I responded eagerly and we kept on kissing
for five full minutes. "Let's clean this mess up," Victoria said. The bed really
was a great mess. We were both fully clothed but our clothes were terribly dirty
and wet. We had been sleeping under the rubber sheet with our clothes on all
night long. Even our hair was soaked. The rubber bed itself was extremely smelly
from all our juices.

There was no need at all to keep our stockings on because they had become so
dirty in the process of filling each others bodies with both our feet last
night. So we both stripped and went to the bathroom. Victoria had prepared us a
warm bath. After we had breakfast we went back to her bedroom. "I think we have
the same size. What is your shoe size?" she asked. "Mine are really small," I
said. "I have size four." "So do I," she said, "and that is a good thing because
otherwise you wouldn't be able to put both your feet in my body." She gave me a
rubber garter belt with eight fat garters, rubber panties and a rubber size DD
bra.

"I have a surprise for you, my darling," she said. "Last week I received from
America fully fashioned reinforced nude stockings with a big square heel." "I
prefer black stockings, darling, you know that," I answered. "Ah, but here is my
surprise. The thick seam and the reinforced sandal foot are pitch black." "What?
I have never seen any of those." I went to her and grabbed a stocking. They were
nude all right but the foot and the seam were black. "Wonderful," I said. I sat
down and carefully slipped my foot in the sheer stocking. The reinforced part of
the stocking was everywhere. On the left and right side of my foot it was
clearly visible. The cuban heel came almost half way my calf. "The
reinforcements will be visible on all sides even with my shoes on," I told
Victoria in amazement.

"Yes, darling. I knew you would love these stockings. To highlight the
excitement I selected for you a pair of low cut high heeled shoes with a five
inch heel." After I fastened the sheerest of sheerest stockings with the eight
garters I slipped my feet into the shoes. They were indeed low cut. Even a small
part of my toes was visible and with a little bit of twisting you could even see
the underside of my feet. "I thought I had an high arch, but yours is the
highest arch I've ever seen in my life. Beautiful," she said. Then she presented
me with a black rubber full slip, a wide black rubber skirt and a white rubber
blouse with long sleeves. "I can not wear rubber to my work," I said.

"It is the only thing I have," she said. "And besides, who cares. Your customers
will love it." Esther helped me put on the rubber garments. It felt fantastic.
They clung to my body like a second skin and I started getting moist
immediately. "It feels good," I said.

"How are your feet?" Esther asked.

"Hot," I said.

"That is because these shoes are on the inside covered with plastic. They get
hot and sweaty instantly. But now it is my turn to get dressed. Will you please
help me?"

She could indeed use some help because she was extremely handicapped because of
her two inch long nails. "Because you assist me I can put on my rings today,"
she said. She took a box and with my help put a little gold bar in a hole in her
tongue. Next came a ring in her nose, a ring in each nipple of her huge
DD-breasts, three rings in each of her outer labia, two rings in each of her
inner labia and a big ring in her clitoris. I didn't know what to say.

"It's wonderful," was the only thing I said. Victoria dressed in a one piece
rubber suit that covered her from neck to toes. It was transparent rubber and
fitted her like a second skin. With the one piece of clothing she was completely
covered. On top of that she put on a heavy boned rubber corset with eight
suspenders, the nude stockings and a tight fitting rubber dress that revealed a
lot of big breast. "You can not go to work wearing that," I said.

"Sure I can," she answered. "Like you, I have my own shop. But I have a special
shop. I only sell high heels, suspender belts and all kinds of fully fashioned
stockings. My customers are used to kinky outfits and often wear them into the
store," she said.

"I would like to see your shop," I answered. "Why don't you take a day off and
help me in my shop?" "Deal," I said. "Tomorrow will be okay." We went to her
front door together to leave. "Wait," she said. "I want to remember you all day
long." She went back to the bathroom and came back with my dirty stockings. She
opened her skirt and put the stocking deep inside her cunt. The other stocking
went around her neck like a scarf. "It will enable me to smell you every
minute." Because I thought it a very good idea I too went back to the bathroom
to fetch her dirty stockings and did the same. "I will see you tomorrow morning
at nine in your shop darling," I said. "I can't wait," she answered.

Although Victoria had given me rubber "street clothes" I didn't attract as much
attention as I thought I would. Two customers in my shop asked me where they
could buy the nude stockings with the black seams. About ten customers asked me
about my skirt and blouse. They all thought I was wearing leather. When I
explained that is was rubber they all asked whether or not it makes you sweat.
"No," I lied, "it is cool and warm in the same time. But it feels good." Most of
them complimented me on my outfit and I had not expected that. But the truth was
that I was sweating enormously. I must have lost one liter of liquid that day.
Every half hour I had to empty my shoes. The rubber was a little bit too much
for me. But the stockings were heavenly. I walked in my shop all day like a
proud little child. The mammoth reinforced heels and toes showed on all sides.
Because my shoes were low cut half an inch of my reinforced toes were for
everybody clearly to see. The shoes had a five inch high heel. Because my arch
is so high and on account of the fact that the shoes were so low cut my
customers could almost look into my shoes. On both sides of my foot, on the left
and on the right, more than an inch of the reinforcements of my stockings were
visible.

The best part though was the back. Almost half of my calves were covered with
the big black cuban heel. The nude material of the stockings itself was by no
means boring. It was an ultra glass sheer stocking, ten denier. They were sleek,
glamorous, sexy and sophisticated with a glossy shimmering finish. They were
sleek like oil and very shiny in the neon light of my shop. I had never in my
life such beautiful stockings. When I came home at seven a clock in the evening
I went straight to my bedroom, took a chair and sat down in front of the big
mirror to admire my legs and feet. I sat there for hours, just crossing my legs,
adjusting my garters and feeling the fabric of my stockings. I took my shoes off
more than a hundred times just to see the underside of my feet in the mirror. I
could not wait to kiss and lick and smell and just look at Victoria's feet in
the same kind of stockings. So I gave her a ring and said: "I can not wait to
lick your feet." All she said was: "I am on my way." When she arrived I guided
her immediately to my bedroom and sat her down on the same chair where I had
been sitting for hours with the full lights shining on her legs. I lay down on
the floor just looking at her feet. "It is wonderful," I said. "I could look at
your feet for days."

Once and a while I very, very slowly gave a little kiss on her feet like the
kiss of a first lover. With the sheerest of sheer gloves on my hands I very
carefully caressed her feet. Little strokes with my nylon hands on her nylon
feet. I kissed her high arch, the heels of her stockings, her reinforced toes in
the low cut shoes, the backs of her knees and the seams of her stockings. After
what must have been an hour I removed one of her shoes. Because she had crossed
her delicate legs her foot dangled in the air for me to catch with my red lips.
I kissed her toes one by one. Then I placed my head under her foot just to look
at it. Slowly her foot came down. She placed her nylon foot above my nose. I
could reach it with my tongue. I was just lying there sniffing the nylon and her
aroma, ready to lick the pitch black reinforcements. I started licking up and
down her foot until her whole foot was wet with my saliva. That was when
Victoria came into action. I noticed it when the underside of her foot got
soaked and little drops of piss dripped down on my face. When she bent her toes
all the drops dripped from her big toe. I placed my mouth exactly under her big
toe and drop for drop disappeared into my mouth. When I was finished Victoria
uncrossed her legs and removed the stocking from her cunt. It had been there for
more than twelve hours. She placed the tip of the toe of the soaking stocking
above my mouth. I opened my lips and the stocking slowly disappeared into my
mouth.

Victoria sat down next to me on her knees and started kissing me passionately
with the dirty stocking in our mouths. To highlight the dirty kissing Esther
removed her lips from mine. She kept her mouth four inch above my opened mouth.
Then she opened her mouth a little bit. A very long trail of spittle seeped out
of her mouth slowly. I opened my mouth as wide as I could to receive her saliva.
This continued for several minutes. She kept on oozing out of her mouth. When
she was finished she pressed her lips on mine, her tongue entered my mouth and
we started kissing. It was a very special experience to kiss someone with a
golden bar in her tongue. The golden bar flipped in and out of my mouth. I could
even bite on it, and hold her tongue secured in my mouth.

After that Victoria spread my legs and removed her dirty stocking from my
vagina. Because it had been in there all day long, and because I had been exited
throughout the day about my nude stockings with the black seams, my juices had
collected in the stocking. The black stocking had changed into a white clump the
size of a ping pong ball. Victoria brought the white ball lovingly to her lips.
She opened her lips and placed the ball on her tongue. She closed her lips and
savored the taste. She looked as though she had never in her life tasted such a
wonderful delicacy. She slowly sucked on the juicy ball until all my juices had
disappeared into her stomach. "Open your mouth, darling and keep it wide open
all the time," she said. She removed the dirty stocking from my mouth, stood up
and emptied her other shoe full of piss in my mouth till it was filled to the
edge. She sat down again and brought her tongue slowly to my lips. She started
licking my wet lips and then she brought down her tongue in my mouth. She went
up and down in my piss filled wide open mouth. After that she started sucking
her own piss out of my mouth. After a few minutes I could not stand it any
longer and kissed her fiercely on her mouth. Her piss went in and out both our
mouths. At that time we climaxed together spontaneously.

We both felt exhausted so all we did that evening was watch three Elmer Batter
videos. We were both lying on the couch watching television and sucking each
others nylon covered toes. We went to bed wearing only our stockings and garter
belts and we slipped under my heavy satin black sheets with each others nylon
toes in our mouths. The next morning I awoke because Victoria was spitting in my
mouth. She later told me that I was sleeping on my back with my mouth slightly
open and she could not resist filling my mouth with her spittle. I answered her
offer with a warm and wet kiss.

Today we had to go to Victoria's shop and I wanted to look sexy. I dressed in a
heavy black satin corselette with twelve tiny but strong garters. I fastened the
garters as taut as I could. So taut that it was difficult to bent my knees. I
like this tautness because it makes the stockings more shiny and because it
produces more noise when I'm crossing my legs. I've a very small waist in the
heavy satin corselette. Because it is a long model with legs that come halfway
down my thighs I'm almost totally enclosed in heavy satin. On top of that I wear
heavy satin Victorian briefs with long legs. The legs end just two inches above
the knees. Then I slipped into my heavy satin full slip with a lot of lace. I
take care that the lace shows with my skirt on. The skirt I select is a heavy
satin hobble skirt with a big fully boned belt that accents my tiny waist. My
blouse with long sleeves is made of 20 denier sheer nylon. At last I put on my
sheerest of sheer gloves and a pair of low cut high heeled shoes with six inch
heels.

The dirty stocking from Victoria goes around my neck like a scarf. Victoria
needed again some help. She again dressed in the nude transparent rubber suit
that covered her from her neck to her toes. Even her hands and fingers went in.
One had to have a second look to see the rubber suit. It fitted her like a
second skin. She could fool most people by saying she was naked. There were only
five holes in her second skin: under each foot, two for her nipples and between
her legs. The holes were made for the piss to stream into her shoes. I helped
Victoria put on her rubber corset. The corset had also two holes for her
nipples. When we were finished she removed four garters: two at the back and to
at her front side. "Why are you doing that?" I asked. "Wait and see," she
answered.

She carefully put her stockings on and fastened them with the four garters.
Between her legs the stockings sagged and I didn't like what I saw. Then she
took the four removed garters and fastened them to four rings. Two garters
dangled from two rings in her left outer labia and two garters from her right
outer labia. Then she fastened the garters to the stockings as taut as she
could. The result was amazing. Her cunt lips were stretched to the utmost
length. Her thick lips came down almost two inches, the garters pulling hard
with each step. Then she fastened my dirty stocking to the ring in her clitoris
but not before she had put a big iron ball in the foot of the stocking. Her
clitoris stood out dramatically because of the heavy weight in the stocking. The
ball dangled two inches beneath her knees. "It will show with your skirt on," I
said. "That is the idea, darling," she answered.

But there were more surprises to come. She produced a heavy rubber belt with two
big dildoes. She covered the dildoes with two old stockings and in they went.
One in her cunt and one in her ass. With my help she fastened the dildoes with a
belt between her legs and a belt around her waist. Next came a golden chain that
went from one pierced nipple to the other. "I want to borrow some of your
clothes darling," Victoria said. "I want to wear one of your sheer black nylon
20 denier blouses and a skirt from the same material." "Great," I said. I
fetched the things she wanted and helped her put them on. "It is only eight a
clock in the morning but I'm already horny as hell," I said. "I have never seen
such an erotic sight in my life."

On our way to Victoria's shop she said: "You'll meet some interesting people
today." "Tell me about them," I said. Victoria: "Today I have appointments with
three regular customers apart from all the other customers who just walk in. The
most interesting is Eveline. She went to an adult university for women only. The
women who finish that university have a deep throat. They can have a big fist in
their asses as well as there vagina's and they can beat everyone in running with
their high heels on. The feet of their women are altered by a surgeon. After the
operation they can only walk on tip toe. Eveline can easily stand on her toes
for hours on end. Her ankles stay more than six inches above the floor. Because
running was a very important segment at the university Eveline can run like a
horse with or without her six inch high heels. Eveline is 35 years old but she
never takes of her shoes or her fully fashioned stockings, even when she goes to
the beach. Shoes with a full six inch high heel are too low for her. She can not
rest her ankle on the shoe. So she needs six and a half. I have them specially
made for her in England. Today she will collect a pair of new shoes.

An other interesting customer is lady Miranda. She and her husband agreed that
she will always wear six inch high heels. To accomplish that they always buy
high heels with a lock. I keep all the keys to all her shoes. Whenever she needs
new shoes or when she has to change stockings because they are ruined she has to
come to me. Yesterday she called me at home to tell me one of her stockings is
ruined. So she will come in today to change one stocking. She is not the only
woman who gives me the keys to her shoes. I think I have the keys of nearly
fifty woman. Mostly they don't come in only to change stockings or shoes, but
they also have their feet washed and manicured. Most stockings are ruined
because the nails of the feet keep growing and finally destroy the stockings. So
therefore I was so surprised that you can wear your stockings for six months,"
Esther said.

"As long as I can remove the stockings from my foot." I answered, "I always
manicure my nails so they are not the ones ruining my stockings. And also after
three months I spray my nylon toes with nail polish and that prevents the
stockings from ruining. But it sometimes happens that one or two nails make a
hole in my stocking. The nail polish prevents the hole from becoming a run."

"Very clever," Esther said. "I will remember that."

The third customer coming in today is Lisa. She has two inch long toenails.
Because toenails tend to bend downwards she has to wear platform shoes. The
trouble is she hates platform shoes. So I am always looking for shoes for her
with a platform but nonetheless a little bit elegant. I phoned her yesterday to
tell that I found her a nice pair of shoes with five inch heels. She is one of a
few customers of mine who doesn't wear fully fashioned stockings. She can't wear
stockings because of her long nails. But because customers without fully
fashioned stockings are not allowed to enter my shop, she always wears stockings
when she comes in," Esther said.

"So you won't help customers without stockings?" I asked.

"No," she answered, "there is a sign on the door that says: No entrance without
stockings."

End of part 02




I have a secret in my shoe too
PART THREE
Story by Joy Cohaan

The sign on the door of the shop indeed did read: "No entrance without seamed
stockings" as Victoria had said. It was a tiny little shop on a busy street in
the red light district of Amsterdam. That's probably why I had never seen the
shop before. In the window all kinds of fully fashioned nylon stockings were
displayed along with lots of pairs of high heeled shoes and garter belts. The
shop itself was stylish and cozy together with chic red armchairs and a big
plush couch for the customers. The shelves along the walls were stacked with
endless rows of feminine garments. One shelf with a great number of corsets and
panty girdles took my breath away. Displayed were very old fashioned black satin
stays with a busk front fastening, and some with back lacing. Some had an offset
front busk, extra lacing below the front busk, zippers under the busk to produce
a hip curve and six or eight fat garters. Some panty girdles were very heavy,
designed and cut for surgical support with built-in extra elastic waistbands and
elastic legs that came half way your thigh.

"I love this one," I said to Victoria. I took it from the shelf and was
surprised by its heaviness.

"That is the most solid and heavy panty girdle made in the whole world,"
Victoria said. "You may have it. But it takes you at least half an hour to put
it on, and without assistance you will not succeed. But I will gladly help you,
darling. But you have to promise me that you will keep it on for at least a
week. It has a crotch fastening, so there is no problem. The crotch fastening
will also keep everything in place that I put between your legs," she laughed.

Okay," I said, "When we are at home tonight, we'll have a panty girdle party."

At nine o'clock sharp two beautiful ladies walked in. Both very tall but
slender, elegantly dressed, and with very heavy make-up. They wore black seamed
stockings with a pointed heel and high heeled shoes with tiny locks. They kissed
Victoria and she introduced them to me. "Liz and Dolly or should I say Bill and
John," Victoria said. While both the ladies took a seat, she said: "These two
very beautiful ladies are special customers of mine. They are transvestites, or
better, half transsexuals because they both have beautiful big breasts. They
wear high heeled shoes with locks and I keep the keys, so every time they ruin
their stockings they have to come in to change stockings. But because I do not
see a run I think they have come in today for something different. "

While Victoria said that both the ladies nodded in agreement. "These ladies do
not wear two stockings, but three," she said. She went to a shelf and came back
with what seemed to be a fully fashioned ultra sheer seamed ankle sock with a
square heel. The sock was attached to a very heavy rubber little belt with a
little pad lock. "They wear this little stocking over their penis. The belt
fastens behind their balls. I keep the key. Without the key they can not take
the garment off. So they have to come in every time their penis stocking is
ruined. But I can tell you it doesn't happen often. Maybe two or three times a
year. Which of you ladies has been naughty?" Victoria asked. Liz stood up and
raised her skirt. She lowered her old fashioned heavy satin Victorian bloomers
and showed us the run in her penis stocking. Esther went to the door and closed
it. Then she walked over to a cupboard and selected a key. She unfastened the
ruined stocking and immediately covered the penis with a new stocking.

While doing that Liz' penis grew to a full erection. After locking the padlock
Victoria started massaging the penis. It was a very sexy sight. "Do you want to
know how it feels?" she asked me. I walked over, bent down and took the penis in
my hand. I had never thought a penis could look this good with a stocking on. It
felt great and it looked great: the big penis in the shiny ultra sheer stocking
with the reinforced foot showing. I bent down and took the penis in my mouth.
The fully fashioned foot disappeared in my mouth. After a few minutes the
stocking was completely wet with my saliva. Victoria came over and knelt down
beside me. She took the penis from my mouth, opened her red lips wide and took
the penis all the way in her throat. It completely disappeared in her mouth.
When it came out, with lots and lots of saliva dripping on all sides, she guided
the penis to my mouth and I gladly swallowed the dripping wet fully fashioned
penis. In the mean time Victoria took her skirt off. She lay down on the couch.
Liz took her penis from my mouth, walked over to the couch, knelt down and
filled Victoria's cunt with his big nylon dick.

With her finger she gestured me to come over. I knelt down in front of the
couch. She guided my head to her crotch. The big fully fashioned nylon dick went
in and out of her cunt. The penis stocking worked like a cunt juice collector.
All Victoria's juices stayed behind on the stocking. In no time the upper side
of the cock was completely white with the juices of Victoria. I couldn't resist
taking the dick out to put it in my mouth. I made sure I cleaned the big dick
completely before I put it back again in Victoria's cunt. At that time I felt
someone open my hobble skirt and remove both my skirt and satin briefs. A big
nylon penis was placed against my cunt lips and slowly entered me. The feeling
was heavenly. The nylon material of the stocking was grating my cunt. But at the
same time it felt soft as the nylon covered balls banged against my cunt lips.
It was a beautiful sight: four very feminine ladies dressed in corsets, panty
girdles, fully fashioned seamed stocking and high heels fucking each other with
two real cocks covered in nylons. Eight big breasts, four pairs of bright red
lips and eight wonderful legs in sheer nylons and black patent heels. While
Dolly was fucking me very gently and femininely, I removed Liz' juice covered
nylon penis from Victoria's pierced cunt and guided the wet and sticky fully
fashioned nyloned penis into Victoria's ass. It went in easily as I expected,
and disappeared completely.

It was like a little nyloned foot was fucking Victoria's ass. When Dolly saw
this she also removed her penis from my cunt and filled my asshole. Now Victoria
and I both had a big nylon penis in our ass. Because I could tell that Liz was
coming soon I removed her penis from Victoria's ass and with a little effort
took her dripping penis entirely in my mouth and throat. In a few seconds Liz
exploded into my mouth. Her semen filled my mouth completely. Victoria stood up
and knelt down at my back. She removed Dolly's nylon penis from my ass. Without
a moment's hesitation, she took what must have been a penis, but what looked
like a big dirty nyloned foot in her mouth and eagerly went up and down the
shaft with her lips. When Dolly came she spurted her semen in Victoria's mouth.
When she swallowed everything she pressed her wet and besmeared lips and face on
mine, guided my hand to her cunt and placed her hand on my cunt. We climaxed
within the minute and kept on kissing for a few minutes more.

When Liz and Dolly had left, I asked: "Do you give all your customers this much
attention?"

"No, of course not," Victoria answered. "But I have a number of special
customers whom I know personally. We meet occasionally or we meet each other at
the big fetish parties."

"Big fetish parties?" I asked.

"Yes," she said, "Have you ever heard of the Dressing for Pleasure Ball in New
York organized by Marie Constance or the Sex Maniacs Ball in Great Britain
organized by Tuppy Owens?

"No, I haven't," I answered.

"Then you also haven't heard of the "O" Ball or Ball Bizarre by Peter Czernich
in Germany. The events in New York and Great Britain are the oldest ones. The
one in New York is very stylish and the one in Britain very sleazy. In New York
most of the men are normally dressed. Only the women dress up in leather, rubber
or corsets. So all the men do is become horny from all the beautiful women. In
England there is a dress code but they will not send you back when you are
dressed in normal leather clothes. It is a bit sleazy. And because those parties
are not allowed in Britain they have to go to secret places. Two year ago the
Sex Maniacs Ball was held on a piece of farm land. So the result was that all
the ladies in their high heel shoes could not even walk around.

Everything got better when a few years ago Peter Czernich started with his
magazine "O" together with Anette Kellendonk. With the magazine came a shop and
afterwards the Ball Bizarre in Munich. Lots and lots of people from Holland, who
had never been at the parties in the USA or Britain went to Munich. That was the
moment for people in Amsterdam to decide to organize parties at home. Steven
English was the first one. In the beginning only a few people attended his
parties but nowadays thousands of people from all over the world come to his big
parties in the Amsterdam Zoo. Nowadays there are parties all over town in the
Kinky Club, Empire Cafe, Decadance, Maitresse, Dressed to Kill and Dressed to
Thrill. These parties have a strict dress code: rubber, leather, pvc, fetish
glamour, corsets and transvestites. I have seen people traveling from France and
Switzerland who were not allowed to enter because they were not properly
dressed. Nowadays there is a party every month or so and people come from all
over the world. Most of the parties have an interesting program such as fashion
shows, s/m ballet, pervy and live erotic performances and equipped playrooms for
fun and relaxation. I meet a lot of my customers at those parties, but also
friends of mine from all over the world for whom I arrange hotels and tickets
for the parties."

"So, when is the next party?" I asked.

"Saturday," Victoria answered to my delight. "I will take you there."

At that moment two ladies entered the shop. A tall lady dressed in leather,
black seamed fully fashioned stockings and very high heels and a petite much
younger lady dressed in a heavy satin black maids uniform, six inch high heel
slippers and seamed stockings. Not fully fashioned and without reinforced heels
and toes. The poor girl could barely walk on her high heeled slippers. Esther
knew them well. The older lady, Madame Van Zanten, owned a whorehouse and the
girl, Veronique, was her maid. They wanted a pair of new shoes for Madame.

"Victoria, I want a pair of your plastic covered high heels. Black. The heel
preferably four and a half or five inches," Madame Van Zanten said. Victoria
showed her two pair. "I'd like to try these on," Madame said. At that moment
Veronique came forward and knelt down beside her Madame. She knew what to do
because Madame had a secret in her shoe too: semen. It turned out to be that all
the used condoms in Madame's whorehouse were emptied into her shoes. And the
customers who were received by Madame herself had to ejaculate in her shoes. So
for years on end day and night Madame's shoes were entirely filled with semen.
Her shoes and feet were so besmeared with semen and when she walked or wriggled
her toes one could see the semen bubble up on all sides of her feet. But because
she could not with these dirty feet try on some shoes in a shoe shop her feet
had to be cleaned and therefore Veronique came forward. With a sucking sound she
took off one of Madame 's shoes. The slimy white substance was everywhere: piled
up between her toes, on the inside and on the outside of her stockings and in
her shoes.

"Do not spoil a drop," Madame said. Veronique lay down on her back beneath
Madame's foot and brought the dripping foot down into her mouth. She started
sucking on the toes. She had to swallow very often because of the enormous
amount of semen coming loose between the toes of Madame. "Do not ruin my
stocking," Madame said.

"It will take a least fifteen minutes to clean one foot," Victoria said. "I'm
going to take the other foot if you are not wanting it, Esther."

She did not have to ask me a second time. I knelt down and started licking the
other shoe. When the shoe was clean I started with her ankle and foot, but not
removing the shoe. With big wet strokes of my tongue I lapped up everything. My
tongue covered everything from her feet up to her knee. I could tell Madame  was
enjoying it because her cunt started dripping all over my face. This was really
eating feet. Madame's feet were entirely covered with a thick layer of
solidified semen. Her stocking had at some places under her foot completely
disappeared under the layer of semen. I really had to suck hard to remove all
the semen between her toes and under her stocking. Because Madame's dripping
cunt was exactly above my face, my entire face got soaked by her juices. I had
never experienced a cunt dripping so much. I opened my besmeared eyes to look.

At that time Madame lowered her ass to smother my face. Her big dripping
enormous cunt covered half of my face. She started riding my dripping wet face.
My nose going in and out of her cunt and wide open ass. I could hardly breathe.
With all the power I had I inhaled hard through my nose to get some air. But
instead of air I got a nose full of juices. I had to swallow a few times to
empty my nose. Luckily Madame lifted her butt for a few seconds so I could get
some air. After a while a felt a warm and wet foot pressing against my cunt
lips. The toes went in and out of my cunt. The nylon setting my cunt on fire.
Then another wet and warm nylon foot pressed against my ass. The toes went in
easily. At that time Madame climaxed in my mouth filling my mouth with her
juices. The toes in my cunt and ass were going in and out faster. I would be
coming soon for the second time, but this time I deliberately inhaled as hard as
I could to get as much juice in my nose as possible. Than I climaxed too. Madame
lifted her butt and I could see that Victoria was the one filling me with her
toes. I sat up and removed her toes from my belly. I brought them immediately to
my face to lick them clean. Victoria smothered me with her two dirty feet and I
enjoyed it immensely. After I finished cleaning her nylon feet she kissed my
passionately on my mouth.

"Now it is time for Victoria and Veronique to have some fun," Madame said.
"Veronique, lie down here," she said. Veronique did as she was told. "Victoria
sit on top of her face, please." She did as requested. "Now start sucking each
others clit," Madame said. Madame sat down behind Victoria, removed one of her
shoes and placed her fully fashioned dirty nylon foot at the entrance of
Victoria's ass just above the head of Veronique. Although Madame's toe was
bigger than mine it went in easily. The dripping toe went in and out splashing
all over Veronique's face. I envied Veronique: just half an inch above her eyes
the reinforced toes of the nyloned foot went in and out of Victoria's ass. What
a beautiful sight that must be. On top of that she was smothered with all kind
of juices.

Then I decided to follow Madame's example and bury my toe in Veronique' ass.
When my toe went in and out I made sure I touched Victoria's nose all the time.
Because she couldn't close her mouth and because her tongue was hanging out
constantly her mouth was dripping on my foot. Sort of automatic lubrication
while foot fucking Veronique. At the end Victoria and Veronique climaxed
together. "Now I want to try on some shoes," Madame said. Victoria fetched the
shoes as if nothing had happened and assisted Madame in trying on the high
heels. I had to laugh because the four of us, although completely dressed,
looked ridiculous with our dirty besmeared faces and our extremely dirty feet.

End of part 03




I have a secret in my shoe too
PART FOUR
Story by Joy Cohaan

After lunch Eveline entered the shop. She was dressed to the nines in high
heels, 10 denier fully fashioned seamed stockings, a transparent black nylon
dress and 10 denier black nylon arm length gloves. All she wore underneath the
dress was a garter belt with 16 garters. Her huge breasts were visible for
everybody. As Victoria had said she indeed walked in six inch high heel shoes as
if she was walking in tennis shoes. Her achilles tendon had been altered by a
surgeon at the age of sixteen. The only shoes she could walk in were the ones
with six inch high heels. But over the years her achilles tendon had become a
little bit more shorter than it already was and that's why she couldn't anymore
walk in six inch high heels. She needed a slightly higher heel of six and a half
inches. When she stood before me I could see why. Her shoes didn't give her
ankles any support. Her ankles stayed half an inch above her six inch high heel
slippers. She didn't seem to mind at all and she stood completely at ease. When
she removed her slippers she still stood comfortably talking to us. Because she
had been walking in that way for over twenty years now, her feet had deformed a
little bit. The ball of her foot had taken over the function of the foot. The
arch came down dramatically. The look of it gave one the impression that she was
falling face down.

The veins and the muscles stood out prominently on her dramatically bent, but
beautiful arch. When standing without shoes her toes were slightly spread for
balance. I immediately fell in love with these feet. "Is it at my age still
possible to have my feet altered the same as you?" was the first thing I asked.
"Yes," she said, "it is still possible but it takes more time for you to walk at
ease in six inch high heels. Your feet have to deform and that takes some time,
maybe six months to a year. But since you have been staring at my feet ever
since I walked in I invite you to do what ever you like to do with them."

Before she finished her sentence I was on all fours to kiss her arch. "And for
your pleasure I will keep standing while you're at it," she said. I pressed my
lips on her nyloned arch. I french kissed the place where her arch met with her
toes. Then I crept behind her and positioned my face under her feet with my nose
to her soles. A warm and musky aroma greeted me. I inhaled deeply to get as much
scent as possible. "My turn now," I heard Eveline say.

"You have to know," Victoria said, "that Eveline likes to deep throat fully
fashioned nyloned feet. To my knowledge she is the only one in the world who can
do that. Eveline lay down on the floor on her back. She asked me to place a
chair over her midriff and sit on it. She removed the shoe of my right foot and
her false teeth. She started kissing, sniffing and licking my nyloned toes and
then one by one my toes disappeared in her hungry mouth. She guided my nylon
foot deep in her mouth with her nylon hands till finally the heel of my foot
rested on her chin. I was amazed. Half of my foot had disappeared into her
throat. I could feel her muscles halfway down her neck caressing my foot. It
felt heavenly.

"Now stand up," Victoria said, "but do it very carefully. Now turn your foot 90
degrees and press." I did as I was told. I slowly turned my foot and pressed
slightly. I thought the heel of my foot could never enter her mouth but sideways
it went in. My foot was bent strangely. My toes and the front part of my foot
were straight down her throat and my ankle was bent to the right. "Now turn back
your foot in the early position slowly and sit down again. When I sat down I
could feel the heel of my foot resting inside her jaw. Now Eveline took my ankle
in her nyloned hands and pushed my foot further down. With her eyes and hands
she asked me to help her push. I did and my foot disappeared in her throat
entirely. Her red lips were closed around my ankle.

"Now stand up again and place the chair to her side," Victoria said. "Sit down
again on the floor and be prepared to lift your leg." With my foot in her throat
Eveline raised. When she was finished she was on all fours in front of me. "Put
your arms around your leg and keep it firm in place," Victoria said. At first
Eveline pressed her head some more to get more of my foot in her mouth and then
she withdraw until the heel of my nyloned foot touched her inside jaw. First
slowly but then fast my foot went up and down her throat. Her entire mouth was
that of a person choking to death including all the noises that go with it. But
her eyes told differently, that she was having the time of her life, and lots
and lots of saliva dripped out of her mouth. Victoria crept between Eveline's
legs and sucked her clitoris deep in her mouth. At that moment Eveline came like
thunder and lightning. I shall never forget her eyes the moment she climaxed.

"Part two," Victoria said. "Eveline will lie down again on the floor and I want
you in a standing position. Swiftly, move your legs a little bit so that your
right leg in Eveline's mouth is a little lower then your left leg. And bend a
little to the right." I did as I was told. "And now piss," Victoria said,
"slowly, very slowly, drop for drop." "With all my clothes on?" I asked. "Yes,"
Victoria said. "Why not? You're always soaking wet from being totally wrapped in
layers and layers of nylon. What difference will a little extra liquid make,
silly?" Victoria said. So I did what I was told. Slowly I started to piss. I
felt my heavy satin bloomers become wet and after that, parts of my full slip
and my satin skirt. Because I was bent to the right my own warm champagne was
guided to my right nyloned leg. My stocking got soaked and I felt the liquid
oozing down drop by drop. At last my entire stocking was soaking wet. Little
streams of my piss went down my leg in Eveline's mouth. A small part of my warm
piss traveled down my left leg filling up my shoe completely. Because I was
balancing on the one shoe I saw and felt the piss sloshing in my shoe. Without
wetting the floor at all I emptied my full bladder. Most of it went down in
Eveline's throat.

When I was finished, Victoria said: "Sit down again." She took off my shoe and
brought it to her mouth like a glass of champagne. She emptied my shoe in four a
five big gulps. "I needed a drink badly," she said with a big laugh. She lay
down on the floor and place my wet nylon foot on her face. "This is what I like,
love," she said. "This is one of the reasons I always wear rubber. Whereever I
am I can always wet my pants without anybody knowing. I do it ten times a day,
always a little bit, just enough to fill both my shoes to the edge. The piss
streaming down my nyloned legs gives me so much pleasure that at least once a
day I climax spontaneously without touching myself at all. And walking in piss
filled shoes beats everything. You should try it, darling."

Having said that Victoria stood up and kissed me fiercely on my mouth. Her mouth
smelled and tasted of my own piss and I loved it. "I need a drink too," I said.
"Everything you wish," Victoria said, "but first you have to remove your foot
from Eveline's mouth. After a little twisting my foot came out wet with saliva
and piss. "I love you," I said to Eveline and bent down to kiss her on her
mouth. "I love you too," Eveline said and answered my passionate kiss. "Now look
at my legs," Victoria said. "I saw her nylons getting wet and after a while a
saw the piss rise in her low cut high heeled shoes. She wriggled her toes inside
her shoe and I saw the piss sloshing.

"I want you to do the following," Victoria said. "Go on your hands and knees.
I'll keep my shoes on. All you have to do is press your lips on the little part
of my toes that is visible. If you suck hard you can empty my shoe by slurping
it down." I pressed my lips on the lowest part of Victoria's nyloned arch where
the toes just disappear into her high heeled shoes. I started sucking and I felt
her piss filling my mouth. I gulped it down and slurped again and again and
again. I couldn't imagine that her shoe could contain that much warm champagne
until I noticed that Victoria's shoe kept filled to the edge no matter how much
I gulped down. Then I realized that she kept on pissing. The piss stopped
filling her shoe after she had emptied her bladder completely.

"Now I want you to take off my shoe and empty it. I brought her shoe to my lips
and drank all of it. After that I lay down on my back and planted Victoria's
warm, sticky and wet fully fashioned nylon foot in my face. I climaxed on the
spot. After the three of us recovered Victoria handed Eveline her new high heels
with the six and a half inch heel and Eveline tried them on. "They fit
perfectly," Eveline said. "There is only one thing left to do now." Having said
that, she concentrated on her bladder and filled her shoes to the edge with
piss. First she french kissed me and then Victoria fiercely, before leaving the
shop. "See you at the party next Saturday," she said. She walked away in the
street leaving a trail of wet prints behind her.

"I can hardly wait to try on that panty girdle," I said to Victoria when Eveline
had left. "Why wait?" she said, "Undress." She fetched the garment and started
to unhook, unzip and unbutton it. After she finished she held the front part in
her left hand and the back part in her right hand. "What I want you to do is
hold the front part to your belly with one hand and the back part to your back
with the other hand." I did as I was told. "This won't fit me," I said, "on
either side there is more than an inch missing. It's too small."

"No, it isn't," Victoria said, "It may even be a little bit too big for you."

"You're kidding," I said.

"No, I'm not," she answered. It was a very long black heavily boned panty girdle
with long legs, thick spandex and heavy satin panels. The legs came half way my
thighs and the upper part touched my breasts. It had to be closed sideways. On
both sides there were 80 hooks to fasten. To prevent the hooks from digging into
your skin there was a extra thick satin flap under them. The hooks were sealed
with a heavy industrial zipper. But that was not all. On top of that there were
sixteen two inch wide playtex belts that crisscrossed to all sides and a four
inch wide satin belt around the waist with adjustable hooks. "Hold your breath,"
Victoria said, "and keep it that way because otherwise the hooks will tear
apart. As quick as she could Victoria fastened about 15 hooks on both sides
before I couldn't hold my breath anymore. But when I let it go I thought I
couldn't breathe at all. The panty girdle was super tight. "It's too tight," I
said. "No it isn't," Victoria answered, "Adjust to it. One little breath at a
time. Keep your breath again, darling. We have to continue."

After all the hooks were fastened and the zippers closed I felt caged in and I
had a lot of difficulty breathing at all. I stood there panting with my mouth
open and frightened eyes. "Relax," Victoria said. "The best part is still to
come." On top of the zippers there were hooks again to prevent the zipper from
tearing apart. And then the sixteen belts were fastened. With each belt fastened
I felt my tummy, my buttocks and my rib cage pressed inward. At last came the
big belt around my waist and it took my last breath away.

"Lie down please," Victoria said.

"I can't," I said. "I can't bend at all."

"I'll help you," Victoria answered. She lowered me to the ground like a plank.
"You can rest while I cover your legs in stockings." She showed me a pair of
sixty denier black fully fashioned seamed stockings with a square heel.

"Why?" I managed to say.

"Heavy tightening of the stockings is necessary when wearing a tight panty
girdle." she said, "It keeps the girdle in place and builds up the pressure."

The ultra shiny but thick stockings were much to short. Between the tops of the
stockings and the 24 garters on each panty girdle leg was a gap of more than two
inches. Victoria started pulling at my stockings with all her power. Because she
pulled that hard I had to point my feet and bend my toes. When all the 48
garters were fastened as tightly as possible I couldn't bend my knees anymore
and I had to keep my feet completely stretched. My toes were hurting badly.

"That's why you need extra strong stockings, darling, other stockings would be
ruined already," Victoria said.

"I can't bend my toes," I cried. "So I can not wear shoes."

"You have to wear special shoes," Victoria said. "These," She presented me a
pair of ballet shoes. Opera pumps with eight inch high heels in which one has to
walk on tiptoe. Victoria could hardly get my feet into those shoes because they
were super tight.

"Stand up," she said.

"I can't," I answered.

"I know, silly. Just joking." She helped me get up, again like a plank. "Take
the chair for support," Victoria said. I stood on my toes balancing from one
side to the other side, still having trouble breathing. The tightness was almost
too much but at the same time I felt aroused. "To finish it off here is your
skirt," Victoria said. She showed me a heavy paneled and boned black satin skirt
with spandex on the inside. The back is fastened with 80 hooks and again a heavy
zipper. "This is a corset skirt, the one and only true hobble skirt." Needless
to say the skirt was too small in my opinion. Again there were two inches
missing between the hooks but I knew by then that Victoria would take care of
that. She did of course and I felt completely bound. Next came a bra. It was a
heavy satin boned bra that lifted my huge DD-breasts upwards as much as
possible. Also the pointed shape of the bra pressed my breasts forward. My
breasts looked twice their normal size standing out 10 inches from my chest.
After that came a see-trough 20 denier sheer nylon black blouse and arm length
gloves of the same material.

"Now I want you to oil your equipment," Victoria said.

"What do you mean?" I asked.

"Fill up your shoes, darling, that makes walking easier."

Flabbergasted, I emptied my bladder while standing. I felt everything become wet
and warm, and I enjoyed it. Very much. When my shoes were filled to the edge and
the piss was going to stream out of them Victoria went down and pressed her lips
to my instep to slurp the piss into her mouth. After I stopped pissing she
stopping drinking, stood up and kissed me hard on my mouth. The moment she
opened her mouth and her tongue met mine a mouthful of my own champagne streamed
into my mouth. I climaxed on the spot and I was not the only one.

"What do we do now?" I asked.

"We wait for the next customer to come in," Victoria answered.

"But I can't sit down," I said.

"Who said you could," said Victoria laughing. "You wanted a tight panty girdle,
and now you have it. I did say could have it if you kept in on for at least a
week, and you agreed, darling."

End of part 04




I have a secret in my shoe too
PART FIVE
Story by Joy Cohaan

Standing in my opera pump ballet shoes on pointed toes wasn't as bad as I
thought it would be. Because of the tight panty girdle and the corset skirt I
had to stand perfectly bolt upright, and that made balancing a lot more easy. At
the beginning the spandex bondage felt painful but after half an hour it felt
comforting. I felt protected, secured, cuddled. At first I didn't dare to leave
the chair but after a while I had enough courage to walk around the shop in tiny
steps. At first the knowledge that I had to wear this bondage outfit for a week
frightened me, but the more time passed the more I liked the idea, liked the
feeling, liked the tightness. After half an hour I already knew for sure that I
would be aroused the whole week long. Victoria was having the time of her life.
She couldn't take her eyes of me and she had a big grin on her face all the
time.

"To kill the time, Esther, let me tell you about Lady Miranda, who will be here
with her husband in about thirty minutes. I did tell you that I keep the key to
the lock on her six inch high heels. She and her husband asked me to keep it in
order to make sure that she can never ever take off her shoes without me. A six
inch high heel is a horseshoe to them. Once it's in place you don't remove it
anymore, only if necessary. So she needs to come in when her shoes need
repairing or if one of her stockings is ruined. Because that happens only one or
two times a year we agreed that she will visit me once a month, mainly to clean
up. I remove all her clothes, she takes a bath upstairs, her husbands fucks her
and she has her toes manicured by me. Interesting isn't it?"

"I'll explain. Lady Miranda keeps a tube in her urethra. Outside her vagina the
tube is connected to three more tubes. Tube 1 goes directly into her ass. It's
held in place there by a butt plug. Tube 2 goes around her back and is fastened
at the back of her head with a hair pin. The end of that tube is hidden in one
of the arms of her eyeglasses that hangs around her neck by a chain. So when she
sucks on the arm of her glasses she gets a mouthful of piss. Tube 3 is divided
into two smaller tubes that are sewn inside the seams of her nylons. They end up
under her feet keeping her shoes always filled to the edge. So Lady Miranda
needs very special hand made stockings. Inside her vagina is a vibrator which
she can activate with a remote control. When everything is in place she'll be
helped into a panty girdle like the one you're wearing, but hers is made of
thick rubber. The only hole in the girdle is around her ass so that the butt
plug can be removed once a day."

"If you're a good listener you'll have concluded that she never, ever goes to
the bathroom to empty her bladder. Her piss or better 'champagne de nature,' as
I call it, is being entirely recycled by herself. She has three options: drink
it, store it into her ass or fill her shoes up with it. She has a switch to
operate the three tubes. She herself decides the destination of her piss."

"If you think this is dirty, you're wrong. "Champagne de nature" is the cleanest
liquid on earth. How it tastes and how it smells is entirely up to you. If you
drink beer it tastes bad, but if you drink wine or champagne it tastes
delicious. Champagne de nature only tastes and smells bad when you're sick, when
you take medicine or when you eat smelly stuff like garlic. Lady Miranda knows
exactly what she can or can't eat and that's why she smells delicious always,
even if she doesn't change her underwear for a month. You'll notice that
yourself when she comes in, but be careful because she is really hooked on
champagne de nature. Before you know it she has sucked you completely dry."

Victoria stopped talking because the door of the shop opened. Lady Miranda
walked in with her husband Frank.

"I'd like you to meet Esther, friends. She's my fiancee and I'm going to marry
her," Victoria said with a big smile in my direction. I noticed immediately that
Lady Miranda's legs were soaking wet. "Okay, let us move on. We've got a lot of
work to do. First I want Lady Miranda and Esther to get to know each other,"

I didn't know what she meant, but Lady Miranda did. She stood up and walked
towards me. She put her arms around me and kissed me tenderly with her bright
red lips. Little kisses like children do, but with love. I liked it. Then she
embraced me like a lover and very tenderly she kissed me on my mouth. My lips
parted and her warm and wet tongue entered my mouth. Her saliva, her breath, her
mouth, her tongue and even her skin tasted of "champagne de nature".

This woman had champagne de nature in every hole of her body. Every pore of her
was drenched in it. If one would analyze her breath it would surely contain 50
percent champagne de nature. But I didn't have the idea that I was kissing a
toilet at all. There was no mistake about it that what I smelled was champagne
de nature, but it smelled good, real good, and it tasted heavenly. I couldn't
describe it exactly, but it sure was addictive. I couldn't get enough of her
tongue, her mouth and her breath. After what must have been fifteen minutes she
removed her sweet lips from mine and guided one arm of her eyeglasses into my
mouth. I sucked as hard as I could to get as much champagne de nature as
possible. She removed it from my mouth again and took a few sips herself. Then
she started french kissing me again. We pressed our lips together hard to make
sure that no drop of her golden nectar would leak out of our mouths. While
kissing passionately the champagne de nature was playing and streaming and
sloshing into both our mouths. We kept on kissing for a least fifteen more
minutes.

Finally we both swallowed the contents of our mouths and started laughing
because we were happy as little children. I didn't want it to end yet and
therefore I motioned her to put her lips around my nose. She immediately knew
what I wanted. She sealed off my nose with her bright red lips and made sure my
nose was as deep in her mouth as possible. I kept my mouth tight shut. I could
only breathe the air in her mouth, in her lungs. It was intoxicating, addictive.
By belching as much as she could she made sure I got as much scent as I wanted.
My lungs were on fire as well as my pussy. I felt like a baby bird being fed by
her mother. When the belching became retching and the retching became gagging
she was able to get a mouthful of champagne de nature out of her stomach. It
filled my nose and I climaxed. I inhaled fiercely and emptied her mouth trough
my nose. I immediately fell in love with this wonderful woman and by the look of
her eyes I could tell she had the same feelings. Now I knew why Victoria had
said that I was her fiancee. She was afraid she would lose me to this woman. But
that would never happen. Victoria would forever be the only woman in my life.
"Now you know each other," Victoria said. "I think you like each other." Her
remark made us all laugh.

"Let's proceed." Lady Miranda, I want you on that chair. Esther and I will lie
down on the floor. Each of us will remove one shoe and make love to your feet.
Victoria first unlocked the locks on the six inch high shoes. Then Frank and
Victoria helped me to lie down on the floor. We both removed a shoe and we both
planted a foot on our face. When the shoe came of my face was sprayed with
champagne de nature. I didn't notice it at all because my eyes were glued to the
underside of the foot. Lady Miranda had been wearing these shoes and these fully
fashioned seamed stockings day and night for a month. Day after day and night
after night a steady stream of champagne de nature had traveled trough her
shoes. The stocking had been filtering the liquid and the sediment was plastered
against the underside of her foot. Together with her sweat, toe-jam and dust it
had made a colorful and sticky sludge good enough to eat. Both Victoria and I
opened our mouth instinctively and Lady Miranda guided her reinforced nyloned
toes in our opened mouths as deeply as she could. At the same moment the
champagne de nature started streaming into my mouth. With chewing, sucking and
biting I gulped the sludge down.

After about 5 minutes Lady Miranda's bladder was empty but she had an answer to
that. She brought her face down to her knee and very delicately started gagging
ever so slightly with her red full lips pressed to the sheer nyloned knee.
Little by little the champagne de nature in her stomach traveled up her gullet
into her mouth. From her mouth it dripped on her nyloned knee and the stocking
transported the liquid down into my mouth. Her stomach must have been totally
filled with her champagne de nature because she kept on oozing on her nyloned
knee for more than 15 minutes. The wetness made her stocking more shiny than it
already was. I will never forget the wonderful view I had: her sheer nylon
smelly toes deep in my mouth, her wonderful and lovely super feminine face above
her black fully fashioned nyloned knee, her red lips kissing and caressing her
shiny nyloned knee, her beautiful eyes fixed on my eyes, the never ending stream
of piss that traveled through the sheer stocking from her mouth to my mouth, the
smell of piss everywhere and our love for each other sparkling in our eyes.
After a while Lady Miranda removed her foot from Victoria's mouth and placed it
on my nose. My nose was buried under her wet and smelly reinforced nylon toes
whilst her other foot was still in my mouth. I was smothered by two wet nylon
feet soaked with champagne de nature, my eyes still fixed on the eyes of Lady
Miranda and her mouth still oozing onto her knee.

When her stomach was almost empty the only thing she managed to produce was a
big and almost never ending trail of white saliva coming down from her knee.
When she discovered that I was unmistakable disappointed that both her bladder
and her stomach were emptied of all champagne de nature, she asked me: "Do you
want it?"

"Yes," I told her with my eyes because I knew what she meant immediately. She
disconnected the tube that disappeared into her bowel and guided it to her
mouth. By sucking fiercely on the tube she was able to empty her bowel in a few
minutes. She swallowed everything. After she finished she let go of the tube and
pressed her lips against her nylon knee again. She only needed to gag a few time
to guide the stream upwards and within seconds there was again a steady stream
of champagne de nature oozing down from her knee into my mouth. It was a good
thing I hadn't eaten all day because otherwise I wouldn't have been able to
empty her piss filled bladder, her piss filled stomach and her piss filled
bowel. Victoria had warned me that Lady Miranda would suck me dry, but it turned
out to be the other way around. I sucked her dry. After I climaxed again,
Victoria said: "Let's go to work. There's a lot to be done."

Lady Miranda was stripped of all her clothes. Then she took her monthly bath.
Afterward her husband fucked her twice. He can only fuck her during the visit to
Victoria's shop because that's the only day in the month Lady Miranda takes of
her rubber panty girdle. With the girdle on her husband can't fuck her because
her crotch is completely sealed in rubber, there's no crotch opening in the
girdle. Only a little opening for the butt plug. That doesn't mean they can't
have sex. Lady Miranda climaxes many times a day with the vibrator in her
vagina, and she loves to give oral sex to her husband. After Lady Miranda and
her husband were done she walked naked into the shop. Victoria and I manicured
and polished her toenails. "We're ready to dress you," Victoria said.

"Wait," Lady Miranda answered, "We've got something new." She went to the bag
they'd carried with them and took out a new set of tubes.

"We bought a new tube system," Lady Miranda said. "This one is much better. With
the old one I could only guide the contents of my bladder to my mouth, my bowel
or my shoes. The new one enables me to operate all the different streams both
ways by means of a computer operated vacuum pump. With this remote control I
operate the tubes: Key 1 opens the tube in my urethra and the contents of my
bladder run freely to all connected tubes: to my bowel, my mouth and my shoes.
Key 2 directs the stream directly to my mouth. Key 3 directs it to my bowel and
key 4 directs it to my shoes. And now comes the good part: with key 5 the
contents of my shoe travel up to my mouth, with key 6 it goes from my shoes to
my bowel and with key 7 it goes from my shoes back in to my bladder. Key 8
guides the contents of my bowel to my mouth, key 9 transports the stream from my
bowel to my shoes and key 10 from my bowel back in to my bladder. Key 11 enables
me to direct the contents of my mouth to my shoes, with key 12 it goes from my
mouth to my bowel and with key 13 it goes from my mouth back to my bladder
again."

"So I don't have to wait anymore for my bladder to fill in order to activate the
tubes. With this new machine I can play with my self all day long. I can direct
my piss to and from all the places I want. I'll never run out of champagne de
nature anymore. And there is one key left: key 14. This key is for an extra
tube. It collects my pussy juice. As you have seen my rubber panty girdle was
extremely dirty inside because of all the pussy juice from a month long
collected in the crotch. With key 14 I can direct my pussy juice to my shoes."

With sterile tubes and surgical gloves the tube system was inserted by Victoria.
After that came the cleaned rubber panty girdle with 24 rubber garters, her
ultra sheer fully fashioned seamed nylon with a tube inside each seam, her six
inch high heeled shoes with plastic coating inside, her black nylon full slip,
her nylon dress and her nylon gloves. The tube in her hair was connected to the
chain which held her eyeglasses. "Ready," Victoria said.

"It's a pity we can't test the new system because I'm completely dry," Lady
Miranda said.

Then the door opened and three beautiful ladies entered the shop. "Can we please
use your toilet?," they asked.

End of part 05




I have a secret in my shoe too
PART SIX
Story by Joy Cohaan

"We are in fact desperately in need of a few ladies who need to use the
bathroom," Victoria said.

"We surely need to go," a lady with the name of Deborah said. "We have been
shopping all day long. In this part of town we couldn't however find a bathroom
with enough privacy. We need the privacy because we have to take of our corset
dresses to be able to relieve our bladder. Because we always buy our stockings
here and because we think the owner of the shop is a kind person, we decided to
come in and ask,"

"Of course you can come in whenever you want to use my bathroom," Victoria
answered, "But today ladies, I'm sorry, you're not allowed at all to use my
bathroom. If you want to piss you have to do it here because this lady here just
had a new sewer system installed and we need to test it.

"We're glad to," all three agreed, "that's much better than a bathroom." The
three ladies turned out to be members of an international corset club. Deborah
was the first to undress. She took off her black plastic coat to reveal a corset
dress that started with a neck corset and ended just above her knees. The corset
dress pressed her legs together tightly. With every tiny step she took her nylon
legs made a wonderful hissing sound from nylon scraping nylon. It was like music
to my ears. "I love that sound," I told them. "We do also, darling," Deborah
said. "When the three of us walk the streets it's like a concert, a horny
concert that is, because we get excited just walking around."

Deborah tiptoed on 7 inch high heeled black opera pumps. The heel was thinner
than a pencil. She was wearing 20 denier black fully fashioned stockings with a
high and wide black foot. The square cuban heel was enormous. At least 10 inch
of fat cuban heel was seen at the back of her legs. Around her ankles she had
little gold chains. Her arms were covered in corset gloves, arm length super
tight leather gloves with back lacing and a zipper to cover the lacing. At the
back of her dress there was a zipper from neck to knees. Victoria opened it. The
zipper flap fell sideways to reveal the super tight lacing. "That takes an
hour," Victoria cried.

"No, no," one of the other ladies with the name of Justine said, "let me do it."
She was very quick and in five minutes there was enough room in the dress for
Deborah to step out. Underneath Deborah wore the tightest corset I've ever seen.
Inside the corset was a steel belt that reduced her waist to 20 inches. I
thought she would break in two when I saw it. Because she had been wearing
corsets all her life, the upper part and the lower part of her torso were
enormous: a big chest with big breasts and a big beautiful ass. Her corset had
72 tiny garters. There was no space left between the individual garters at all:
two big rows of garters stretched to the limit around both legs. "It'll take an
hour to take your stockings off," I said. "I never take them of," Deborah said.
"Why should I?" Deborah stepped out of her 10 denier ultra sheer panties and
said: "Where do I relieve myself?"

Lady Miranda lay down on the floor, disconnected the tube from the arm of her
eyeglasses, connected another piece of tube to it and pushed the tube down her
throat into her stomach. She pressed key 12 on her remote control to guide the
liquid from her stomach to her bowel. "Please take a seat," Lady Miranda said,
inviting Deborah with a big smile. Deborah didn't waste any time and smothered
Lady Miranda with her enormous ass. Lady Miranda's chin and mouth disappeared
completely in Deborah's huge shaven and wet vagina while her nose disappeared in
her wet asshole. Deborah started emptying her bladder immediately. Lady Miranda
was having a hard time swallowing everything, and her throat was going up and
down very fast. The transparent tube was clearly seen in full motion also
because it contained a steady stream of champagne de nature in the direction of
Lady Miranda's bowel. When Deborah was finished she stood up. With a red but
happy face she was greeted by Lady Miranda.

After Deborah was done Eveline also smothered Lady Miranda. When Eveline was
halfway through emptying her bladder Lady Miranda pressed key 13 to guide the
piss from her stomach to her bladder. Apparently her bowel was filled to the
limit. After that the third lady with the name of Marion took her place and also
emptied her bladder. The ladies dressed again and left. "Thank you for letting
us using your bathroom," Deborah said.

Lady Miranda, still on the floor, said: "I'm sorry to tell you but I'm still not
filled up. My bowel is full, my bladder almost, but my stomach is half full and
my shoes are still empty. Someone has to finish it off." Victoria didn't need a
second invitation. She stepped out of her skirt and sat down on Lady Miranda's
face. "This will fill you up because I'm bursting. After half a minute already
Lade Miranda pressed key 11 to direct the piss to her shoes. It took only a few
seconds to fill them up. She switched off the remote control and pulled the tube
out of her stomach. Everything what was left in Victoria's bladder had to go in
her stomach.

When Victoria was finished and stood up we saw Lady Miranda with her mouth open
as wide as possible. Apparently her stomach was full with champagne de nature as
well as her throat which seemed to stand open completely. Her mouth was filled
to the rim. Lady Miranda was trying to get everything down, but didn't succeed.
With every breath her mouth filled itself again to the rim. But the bubbling and
gargling champagne de nature in her wide open mouth was mouthwatering to me. I
asked Frank and Victoria to help me lie down on the floor beside Lady Miranda.
She greeted my initiative with a broad and loving smile in her eyes. I could
tell It made her very happy. I slurped a little bit of champagne de nature out
of her mouth but spewed it back in just to tease her. She couldn't protest
anyway. Then I lowered my mouth into hers and sipped enough for Lady Miranda to
close her mouth. But even with her mouth closed the gargling sounds inside could
be clearly heard.

On impulse I covered her nose with my red and wet lips and she climaxed on the
spot. I knew she would love my piss filled mouth to cover her nose. I climaxed
too just from the thought that I was being so intimate with a woman who had been
filled up with at least 5 liter champagne de nature. Her bladder, her bowel, her
stomach, her throat, her shoes, her mouth and now also her nose were filled
entirely. I let go of her nose because she needed to breathe. She motioned that
she wanted to stand up. Frank and Victoria helped her upright. In standing
position Lady Miranda was able to empty her mouth, but when she started talking
I noticed that with each breath she took, her stomach filled her mouth  again.
"If you want to test the system, Esther, I want you to open your mouth and suck
my toes. Be careful not to ruin my stocking. She sat down on a chair, removed
one of her shoes and placed her black nylon wet toes on my red lips. I opened my
mouth. Lady Miranda pressed her toes as deep in my mouth as possible. I started
licking the sheer nylon surface of her underfoot immediately. With my tongue I
caressed the seam and the tube in it. The tube ended just at the cleft of her
reinforced nylon toes.

"I want you to pay attention," Lady Miranda said, "I will operate three keys. So
you will, one after the other, receive gifts from my stomach, my bladder and my
bowel. I won't tell which is which. You tell me by the taste of it. If you're
right all three times you can have my old tube system." Victoria also took a
chair, removed her shoes and placed her wet and smelly nyloned feet on my face.
With her two big nyloned toes she grabbed my two nostrils from above and tried
to get as much toe into each nostril. I closed my eyes to concentrate. Very
slowly my mouth was filled with champagne de nature. "Number 1," Lady Miranda
said. It was very difficult to taste it properly because I had to swallow
constantly, but when the stream stopped I knew. With my nyloned hands I removed
her delicate sheer nylon foot and said: "This came from your bowel." "Right,"
she cried joyfully. "Number 2." I guided her lovely sheer toes in my mouth again
and waited for the second gift. There seemed to be no end to the second gift
because I had to swallow constantly. I didn't have a clue where I came from. I
made my guess by the amount of liquid. "Your stomach," I said. Silence first,
but then: "Right. Do you still want the third gift?" "Yes," I said, "please."
After I received it, Frank helped me up again. Lady Miranda and I kissed, but
after a while we just stood there breathing and belching into each others face.
We climaxed together.

I very badly needed to empty my bladder but couldn't go to the bathroom the rest
of the week because of my corset skirt and tight girdle. And because I didn't
like the idea of wasting all my champagne de nature on the floor, I asked
Victoria to lie down on the floor with her legs in the sky. I stepped out of my
shoes and parted the lips of Victoria's vagina with my wet toes. She immediately
knew what I wanted, shifted a little bit and opened up. My entire fully
fashioned nylon foot disappeared into her vagina. It went in more easily than
the day before because of the enormous tightness of my stocking.

Frank and Lady Miranda meanwhile also knew what I was going to do. They came to
my side and supported me. They both took an arm to prevent me from falling down.
I brought my other foot to the entrance of Victoria's asshole. It opened up
easily to receive my foot. When both my feet had completely disappeared in
Victoria's body, I started trampling. In and out they went, faster and faster.
"Go," Victoria yelled.

I immediately started emptying my more than full bladder. I felt the champagne
de nature streaming down my nyloned legs and feet into Victoria. Stamping her
holes became much more easy. I was trampling two big wet and piss filled holes.
At some point even my ankles disappeared in Victoria's body. She climaxed three
times in a row. Victoria removed my feet from her body and started to kiss them
feverishly. "I love you darling. I love you." She stood up and kissed me very
long on my mouth.

After Lady Miranda and her husband left, I asked Victoria: "How can you do this
every day?." She answered: "You get used to it. In fact after a while you need
it every day." We didn't have much time to talk, because the next customer
walked in. I couldn't believe what I saw and I couldn't believe what I smelled.
Standing in front of us was a beautiful lady with long blond hair. She was
completely dressed in black: a veil, a scarf, gloves, a dress and stockings.
Everything was made of used and extremely smelly stockings. The veil was made of
ten dirty stockings dangling around her face. The dirtiest stocking was right in
front of her nose. The scarf was made of ten stockings. The dress itself
contained 340 dirty stockings with the dirty reinforced stocking toes on the
outside in row upon row. From a distance the dress looked black, but if one had
a better view the dress contained all sorts of colors because the reinforced
toes of the extremely dirty and smelly stockings had been colored by extensive
wearing without washing. Most of the reinforced stocking toes had turned
grayish, some whitish and some greenish, but every one of them was dirty as
hell.

Because the sweat, toe jam and dust in all those stockings had dried, most of
the soles of these stockings had hardened. They didn't hang down like a clean
stocking but stood out like cotton. The lady turned out to be Claudia Figilente,
a famous restaurant owner. With her hands encased in two dirty nylons she took
Victoria's face and kissed her on the mouth trough the veil of dirty stockings.
"I would like you to meet Esther," Victoria said to Claudia.

"Can I?" Claudia asked.

"I think there's no other person in the world who will appreciate it more than
she does," Victoria answered.

Claudia walked towards me and with her came the smell. Before her lips touched
my lips I climaxed already.

"Is this for real?" Claudia asked.

"Yes," Victoria said. I couldn't help myself and started crying. I buried my
face in Claudia's neck. "Let me explain," Victoria said. I met Esther this week
in a shop. She's addicted to smelly nylon feet. She never washes her stockings
and keeps them on day and night for months on end. When I met her the shop was
filled with the smell of he feet. So the two of you will get along just fine."

Then Claudia told Esther that all her clothes and her underwear and her bed
sheets were made of dirty stockings. She gets the stockings from the 20
waitresses in her restaurant. "They get the 15 denier fully fashioned seamed
black stockings, and the shoes and the dresses for free. But they're not allowed
to wash them. For every ruined stockings they get a new one. For every month of
wearing them without ruining them they receive 100 dollars. So you can imagine
how careful they are with their stockings. On top of that each week the
smelliest stocking brought back receives a bonus of 100 dollars. You can imagine
that they'll do everything they can to get them as smelly as possible. For the
most smelly stockings I have a special purpose. When they are dehydrated
entirely I crush them with my hands and put everything that comes out of the
stocking foot in a snuff box. I can use this toe jam powder for all kinds of
purposes. I powder my nose with it, especially the inside. I can put some of it
in my mouth before kissing a person like you, and I can also put some of it on
my crotch before someone like you french kisses me there. But I have to be
honest. I have never applied it to my mouth or my crotch because I've never yet
met someone like you," Claudia said.

Victoria and Claudia were waiting for my reaction, but they both knew of course
what I would say. "Please use it," I said, still a little bit dizzy.

Victoria took her snuff box out of her bag, opened it and brought it to her
nose. She inhaled deeply. Then she opened her mouth, made sure her tongue was
wet and went with her tongue through the snuff box. Then she spread her legs,
pulled her panties to the front and threw half of what was left in the snuff box
into her panties. Then finally she brought the snuff box to my nose. I inhaled
deeply twice, and I climaxed again. "She is worse than me," Claudia said.

"I know," Victoria answered. I couldn't keep my balance anymore. Luckily
Victoria noticed. "Let us lie her down on the floor," she said. Claudia kneeled
down beside my head. She lowered her head. The smelly stockings of her veil
caressed my face and than her lips touched mine. The veil, the scarf and the
upper part of her dress covered both our faces. I was buried in dirty stockings.
My nostrils blew the dirty stockings up and down, up and down. Her smelly mouth
tasted heavenly. Every now and then she covered my nose with her red and smelly
lips. This woman was from head to toe one big smelly nylon foot.

After a while she changed her position. She was going to sit on my face. She
carefully draped her skirt of smelly stockings around my head and smothered me
with her pantied crotch. The panties were made of at least 15 pairs of smelly
stockings. I never had tasted that strong of a foot aroma, not even my own. With
my hands I put her panties aside and went for her vagina. I buried my nose in it
and sucked her clitoris deep inside my mouth. She climaxed numerous times. After
that she sat down on a chair and told me that she had a surprise for me. "Look
at my left foot. The stocking on that foot hasn't been out of that shoe for two
months. Now look at my right foot. That stocking hasn't left that leg for three
years," Claudia said. I couldn't believe my ears. "You want them?" Claudia
asked. "Yes, please," I answered. She positioned the chair over my midriff, sat
down and removed her shoes with a little effort. When both feet came down slowly
and lovingly I climaxed again.

End of part 06




I have a secret in my shoe too
PART SEVEN
Story by Joy Cohaan

When Claudia had left the shop Victoria walked over to me, caressed my face with
her nylon covered hands and kissed me. "I never want to loose you, Esther. I
love you."

"Please don't be afraid," I answered. "It's true that I was more than pleased to
meet Lady Miranda with her entire body filled with champagne de nature. And
after today I will always have a special place in my hart for Claudia with her
entire body covered in smelly worn stockings. But darling please be sure I'll
never forget who introduced them to me. You did. You made all this possible. And
it's you I fell in love with. If it were possible I would marry you today, this
minute. You make me the happiest woman in the world. Don't be afraid I'll walk
out on you because some other woman offers me her champagne de nature or smelly
foot aroma."

Victoria kissed me again tenderly and said: "I can give you both."

I answered: "Of course you can and I'll love it, more so, because it's from
you."

"Why don't you tell me," Victoria said, "what's the most important thing you
like me to do to you."

"I want you to love me," I answered. "for the rest of my life."

"That's without question," she answered, "but I want you to tell me your most
important sexual desire."

"You know what that is," I said, "smelly feet. When I masturbate I always think
of the front part of a six inch high heeled opera pump: that part of the shoe
that covers the toes. In my fantasy it's a very old worn shoe. The outline of
the toes are visible on the outside of the shoes. The soft leather is shaped by
toes. The focus of my attention is of course the inside of that little part of
the shoe. The toes are cramped inside the shoe because the shoe is very tight.
Because of that the ball of the foot and the toes are a little bit swollen, very
warm, a little bit reddish and very sweaty. When I masturbate I imagine that
these toes have been wrapped in the same old shoes and the same fully fashioned
seamed black stockings for a very, very long time. Let us say: 2 years. Over the
years the inside of the shoe has collected so much dust, sweat and toe jam that
the toes are completely covered in it. Therefore is it also impossible to remove
the shoe."

"When I masturbate I imagine the owner of these shoes walking in them all day
long on a hot summer day. Only for me she is walking in these shoes for hours on
end because at the end of the day when the inside of her shoe is boiling hot
she'll remove her shoe and smother my face with her dirty and smelly nyloned
foot. This is all much more than just sexual: it's worship, it's religion,
adoration, even idolization. That's why I cried this afternoon with Claudia. I
cried from happiness. So I will worship your smelly nylon toes as a true
believer. In you're presenting your nylon toes to me at the end of a warm summer
day I'll imagine that you have been walking all day just for me. You'd walk all
day to prepare your gift to me. Inside your shoe your gift to me has been
cooking all day. Your gift doesn't just contain toe jam, dust and sweat. It also
contains lots of other body juices. Because your body juice travels down to the
pores of the skin of your toes. Your instep collects everything that your body
wants to get rid of. So you'll be cooking a meal for me with lots and lots of
different ingredients. One of them will be your love for me. Body juice and body
smell tell everything about a person and about the feelings from one person to
another. The sludge inside your shoe will be a sacred gift of love. By the smell
of it I can tell if you love me or not, if you long for me or not."

"There's one big problem though. You did smell my feet the day before yesterday
after they had been in my shoes for six months and you did smell Claudia's feet.
It's an intoxicating aroma. It has to be worshipped and cherished. But the aroma
isn't that good at all if we proceed with what we have been doing these last two
days. If there's a constant stream of piss inside the shoe or a constant stream
of sweat because you're totally covered in rubber night and day it won't do the
aroma much good. The aroma is also spoiled when we keep filling each others
bodies with our feet. Don't think I don't like your feet inside me. I love it.
But I also like to slurp your champagne de nature out of your shoes. I don't
want to miss it. So that's my problem," I said.

Victoria had been listening with love filled eyes. "That indeed is a problem,
but since foot aroma is the most important thing, I think we have to make some
arrangements. From now on I'll never take off my shoes or stockings again day or
night. I'll never wash my feet again. I will select a pair of old leather opera
pumps with seven inch high heels. I'll change the way I dress in order not to
sweat that much: less rubber and more nylon, satin and polyester. I even was
thinking of making my clothes out of smelly worn stockings, like Claudia does.
And I will not fill you up anymore with my feet. I can use my hands. You'll not
miss it at all because you'll be filled with feet enough by the customers who
visit my shop. I want to be your major foot aroma factory day and night. I want
you to worship and adore my smelly nyloned toes. From now on that'll be the most
important objective in my life. Making foot aroma for you will be the only thing
that matters," Victoria concluded.

"I don't want you to give up everything you love," I answered.

"I won't," she said. Tell me," Victoria asked me, "what do you prefer: to smell
my nylon feet or to smell your own nylon feet?

 It wasn't at all difficult for me to answer that question. "Of course I prefer
yours," I said.

"Of course," Victoria answered. "And you have been dressing the way you dress
because untill now you didn't have a partner who dressed the way you wanted.
Untill a few days ago you've been your own partner. Loving yourself. Making love
to yourself. And that accounts for me also. That's why I don't mind at all to
change the way I dress. I want to become your partner, fulfill all of your
fantasies. And I hope you'll do the same for me. So from now on I'll dress the
way you want it and if you agree you'll dress the way I want it. In that way
we'll fulfill both of our fantasies."

"But you haven't told me yet all your secret fantasies," I answered.

"Basically," Victoria said, "we're not that much different. You'll remember the
day we met in the shop. The first thing I noticed were your smelly nyloned feet.
We're both into stockings, foot aroma and high heels. But my fantasies are a bit
more extreme than yours. When I masturbate I create an unbelievable woman,
bigger than life. She has the biggest breasts in the world, the smallest waist,
the most piercings, the longest fingernails and she wears the highest high
heels, the heaviest make up and the tightest corset. Her hair is bleached and
she wears it like the biggest candy floss you've ever seen. Her lips are always
red. She always wears, night and day, ballet opera pumps. Her feet are altered
in such a way that ballet shoes are the only shoes she can wear. All the bones
and joints in her feet are fixed by a doctor. She can not bend her toes anymore.
She can never ever in her life wear normal shoes again. She can not even wear a
high heel shoe with a 6 or 7 inch heel, only ballet shoes fit her feet.

Therefore she always needs help. She depends on me entirely. I'm her lifeline.
She's a puppet. I dress her up, play with her, show her around, feed her,
support her. Without me she can't eat, breathe, walk or piss. But I also want
her total commitment. With her around I never ever have to go to the bathroom
anymore. I want her to take care of that. Not because I want it or because I ask
her to do it but because she wants it. She is addicted to me and to everything
my body produces. She is addicted to my champagne de nature. She begs for it.
She waits for it at my side for hours. In the morning she can't wait for me to
awake and to receive her first fresh champagne de nature of the day. Not that
she'll always receive it. I might drink it myself frequently just to tease her.
She's not my slave, because I need her as a partner. I need her companionship,
her conversation, her humor. We behave like normal lovers but at the same time
she is always hungry for me. Hungry for my attention, for my love. She caters to
all my needs. That's her life."

"She wants to please me. And I play with her. I dress her up in very strict
rubber bondage clothes with gas mask included. In it she can't hear anything, or
see anything. Her arms are inside the dress corset and she's standing in the
middle of the room balancing on her opera pump ballet shoes, on tiptoe. She only
knows I'm in the room by smelling my foot aroma. When I leave the room or the
house, she's crying and when I come back in the room her nostrils go up and down
like mad because she smells me again. She's totally trained and conditioned.
Because she can only eat very little because of her tiny waist, she has to eat
little meals seven or eight times a day. I'll prepare her meals in my stomach.
Whenever she's ready to eat or drink something she approaches me with her opened
mouth for me to fill. She never knows with what I fill her mouth. With mucus,
champagne de nature from my stomach, champagne de nature from my bladder or a
meal from my stomach. She never knows what I will throw up, but she appreciates
everything I put in her mouth."

"The erogenous zones in her feet are very well developed. Her feet are stretched
to the limit, because all the bones in her feet are fixed. She's stands on
tiptoe always, because her stockings are as taught as possible hurting her toes.
Because her shoes are always filled with champagne de nature her toes have
become sensitive. I'll use them frequently. I ask her to lie down on her belly
and remove her shoes. Than I'll sit on her feet: one foot in my vagina and one
foot in my ass. I'll be watching television for hours on end just sitting on her
feet. I'll also ask visitors to sit on her feet, tickle her feet, caress her
feet, swallow her feet. In the end she becomes feet, she can only think of feet.
She'll also receive professional acupuncture and acu-pressure on the soles of
her feet and her toes, and extensive foot reflex massage in order to make sure
the erogenous zones in her feet and toes are developed. In the end her toes take
over the function of her clitoris. When I suck her toes she climaxes
immediately. Even walking becomes erotic for her."

"She also has tubes in all of her holes: in her bladder, in her bowel, in her
stomach and in her shoes. These tubes are for everybody clearly to see. They are
not hidden under her clothes. The tubes can be operated by everybody and can be
connected to other peoples tube systems. When she wears her gas mask, and that
will be frequently, her nose is also tubed. The tube of the gas mask can be
connected to my mouth, to my shoes, to my bowel or just hanging above a bowl of
champagne de nature."

"There will be times when she'll be smelling foot aroma or champagne de nature
for days on end. When her gas mask is connected to my gas mask the only thing
she inhales is the air I exhale. The air I exhale will be intoxicated by the
contents of my stomach. When my stomach is full of champagne de nature the air I
give her will be flavored with champagne de nature. I'm her lifeline, remember?
I even control the air she inhales. Her nasal organ and her olfactory nerve will
in the end be conditioned to the smell of champagne de nature and the smell of
nylon foot aroma. My feet will be her incense altar. My foot aroma will be my
incense offering to her. She'll worship it with every nerve in her body. Her
constantly flaring nostrils will always be directed to me, to my dirty nylon
feet and my piss smelling mouth. She wears chains all the time. A gold chain
between her delicate nyloned ankles, a gold chain between the rings in her
nipples, a gold chain between the ring in her ear and the ring in her nose. Her
tongue is pierced. Her inner and outer labia have numerous rings. To a number of
rings unremovable garters are attached. These garters are attached to her
stockings so tightly that they are stretched to the limit."

I had been listening to Victoria's story intensely and I climaxed three times
just standing there thinking of her incredible fantasy. "Of course I'll do it. I
want to be your fantasy woman," I yelled.

"Are you sure?," Victoria asked. "Do you fully understand the implications? You
have to go to the hospital to enlarge your breasts, to remove your lower ribs in
order to get the tiny waist I want, and to fix all the bones in your feet. You
won't be a normal person anymore. You'll always need my support because you'll
faint because of your tiny waist and because you can't walk properly on your
toes. Your size DD breasts are nothing to what I have in mind. I want you to
have the biggest breasts in the world and the tiniest waist. I want the skin of
your breasts stretched to the limit. Like two balloons standing out. Whenever
possible they'll be enlarged again and again. After I'm finished with you I will
enclose your waist with my hands. You'll be a comic book figure and you'll be
totally helpless, totally handicapped. Do you realize all that?"

"I do," I said, "and I want it. I want to be your perfect puppet for the rest of
my life. It won't be all that difficult fo me. Look, I've been standing in these
ballet opera pumps four hours already. I get used to things very quickly. Within
a few weeks I can run in them, I assure you," I said.

Victoria kissed me on my mouth. While french kissing her gullet produced a
mouthful of champagne de nature from her stomach. I swallowed everything.

"Thank you," I said. I kept my mouth open and my eyes closed to receive what
ever Victoria wanted to give me. She spat my in my mouth five times.

"Thank you," I said.

She kissed me again fiercely and said: "I love you." "Now I want you to have a
look in that big chest over there. Over the years customers of mine have changed
there ruined stockings here. I've  kept every single one of them in that chest.
It must contain thousands of dirty nylons. I want you to fetch two stockings."

I opened the chest and was almost stupefied by the intoxicating smell of foot
odor. I chose two very dirty nude colored fully fashioned stockings. The feet of
these stockings were dirty as hell: the underside was black from all the dirt
collected in the nylon material. I handed them to Victoria. She took one
stocking in each hand and made a roll of the toes of the stockings. Then she
stuffed a dirty stocking toe in each of my nostrils. She stopped when she
couldn't get any more of the stockings in. "I don't want you to open your
mouth," she said. I had to breathe trough my nose very hard and very frequently
to get some air. The air I succeeded to inhale was filtered by the extremely
dirty stockings.

At that moment the door of the shop was opened and two women walked in. Victoria
introduced them to me. "This is Lisa with her girlfriend Brigitte. Brigitte is a
transvestite. I told you about Lisa. She needs platforms because of her two inch
long toenails." Victoria was going to kiss Lisa on her mouth but stopped when
she saw that Lisa's face under her veil was completely covered in sheer nylon.
"What are you wearing?," Victoria asked.

"Look for yourself," Lisa answered. She took off her coat and showed us her new
outfit: a handmade body suit from head till toe made of sheer 20 denier nylon.
It fitted her like a second skin, no wrinkles at all. Each of her two inch long
toenails was separately covered in nylon complete with reinforcements. Even her
head was covered with nylon. "Because my toenails always ruin normal stockings,"
Lisa said, "I went to this tailor and asked him to make a stocking suit. I said
to him I wanted to feel the nylon everywhere. He took it very literally because
he also covered the inside of my vagina, the inside of my bowel and the inside
of my mouth with the sheerest nylon he could find. Look at my mouth." Both
Victoria and I looked in her mouth: everything was covered with nylon: her
cheeks, her palate and even her tongue. I couldn't resist kissing her on her
nylon mouth. The glass nylon felt hard on my tongue and lips but it felt good.

"I can tell you like nylon," Lisa said after our kiss. "Have a look at Brigitte
too," she said.

Brigitte took off her coat and she also wore a nylon body suit from head to toe.
Her giant penis looked very feminine in the sheerest of nylon. "It really is
because of Brigitte," Lisa said. She's addicted to nylon: to the sound it makes
when rubbing nylon against nylon, to the shine when nylon reflects the lights,
to the smell it develops when it comes in touch with human skin and body juices,
to its softness when it caresses your body, to its hardness when it is scraped
against sensitive parts of your body. She's always playing with nylon stockings.
She has one in the palm of her hand day and night. She feels it, smells it,
caresses it and she just looks at it.  When shopping she's always looking for
nylon clothes: nylon panties, gloves, body stockings, nightgowns, slips, bra's,
panty girdles. She takes care that all her clothes have a nylon lining inside.
Even her shoes have a nylon lining. Because she only wears sheer nylon, layer
upon layer upon layer, she can't sit still like a normal person, she's forever
sliding.

End of part 07




I have a secret in my shoe too
Part 8
Story by Joy Cohaan

Two Inch Toenail Lisa and her transvestite girlfriend Brigitte had been in
Victoria's shop for over an hour and were still talking about nylon. They were
standing in the shop in their one piece 20 denier nylon body suits that covered
them from head to toe. Even their heads, their big breasts, Brigitte's huge
penis, the inside of Lisa's vagina, the inside of their mouths, each separate
two inch toenail from Lisa and the inside of their bowels were completely
covered with nylon. They were addicted to it, and couldn't talk about anything
else. They were constantly caressing each other's nylon bodies with their nylon
hands making the wonderful sound when nylon is rubbing against nylon. Together
they acted like one beautiful nylon sound, nylon smell and nylon shine machine.
They had been wrapped in the same nylon body suits for over three weeks now.

"We like to think of it as our second skin." Lisa said, "The nylon body suits
have become part of our body. On top of it we only wear 20 denier nylon clothes
and in our home and in our car everything is covered with nylon: the toilet
seat, the bed sheets, the chairs, everything. Before we bought the nylon body
suits we made sure that everything within reach of our eyes was covered in
nylon: the curtains, the tv-set, the mirrors. With the nylon body suits covering
our eyes also we don't need to do that anymore because now everything we see is
seen through nylon."

"Stop talking please and show us something," Victoria answered, "we want to see
how it works."

Brigitte laid on the floor with her huge breasts and huge penis shimmering in
sheer 20 denier nylon. Lisa laid down on top of her. She had some difficulty
staying on top because the smooth nylon made their bodies extremely slippery.
Lisa's struggle to stay on top caused the wonderful sound of nylon caressing
nylon. Victoria and I positioned ourselves behind Lisa to have a better look
when Brigitte's nylon penis entered Lisa's nylon covered vagina. I immediately
noticed the big tube hanging from Lisa's urethra. I also noticed the bigness,
the magnitude of both Lisa's asshole and her vagina: two big holes standing open
at least two inches. One could see everything inside. Now I also could see how
the tailor covered the two big holes with nylon. The nylon inside her vagina and
inside her bowel was boned in such a way that the nylon was plastered against
her intestines. I couldn't resist going in with my hand just to feel how it
felt. I could put my hand inside without touching flesh at all. I imagined there
was place for two hands inside each hole, even more.

"I know what you're thinking," Victoria said. "And yes you're right. Before Lisa
married Brigitte she performed in the kinky theater across the street for five
years. The live performances started with fucking and sucking on stage but after
some time business became very slow and they started with the kinky stuff. A lot
of girls left but Lisa didn't. She loved it. The kinkier the better. That's how
she found out that both her vagina and her asshole could accommodate almost
everything. People from all over the world traveled to Amsterdam just to see
Lisa stuffing her holes with feet, hands, dildoes and bottles. But she still
wasn't satisfied. She kept stuffing in bigger and bigger things to stretch both
her holes to the limit. After some time her vagina was big enough for Brigitte
to put her head in. She went back to the kinky theater again and nowadays she
makes a lot of money. The theater is always fully booked for five months ahead
and for a private session she charges $10,000."

"Can we go there some time, please?" I asked her. "Of course we can," Victoria
answered. "You don't have to wait for that, sweet," Lisa said, "If you want you
can put your head in now." I had to think about my rebirthing sessions some
years ago and I imagined this was the real thing. Victoria stuffed a tube inside
my nose. "Otherwise you can't breathe, darling," she said. She buried the end of
the tube deep inside the chest with the dirty stockings. Then she pulled a sheer
nylon stocking over my head. "To keep your hair in place." Victoria helped me to
sit down on the floor. Lisa positioned my head between her legs.

"Let us grease her up a little bit," Lisa said. She started to spit on my head.
Brigitte and Victoria followed her example. With her nylon covered hands she did
spread out the spittle over the surface of my nylon head. Lisa was standing
above my head with her legs spread.

Slowly she lowered herself. She took a huge outer labia in each hand and started
pressing. My nylon covered head made a wonderful grating sound against her nylon
covered inner vagina. After my eyes and nose went in Victoria pulled the
stocking over my head aside and stuffed the tube hanging out of Lisa's urethra
inside my throat. After the stocking was in place again Lisa starting pressing
again until finally my entire head was inside her vagina. But she wasn't
finished yet. She kept on pressing. I felt all of her weight on my head and I
had some trouble keeping my head straight. She stopped pressing when she was
sitting on my shoulders. After that she opened the tube from her urethra with a
built in switch and crossed her legs to make sure my head was locked inside
tight. Inside her vagina it was very, very warm and in no time my entire face
was drenched in pussy juice. The air I did breathe was extremely polluted with
heavy nylon foot aroma and my mouth was constantly filled with the contents of
Lisa's bladder.

I could tell Lisa was enjoying herself very much because her pussy juice kept
oozing. But I was very comfortable, like a child in a womb. I had lots of foot
aroma air to breathe and champagne de nature to drink. Lisa was constantly
operating the muscles in her vagina kneading my head. After some time I noticed
that someone removed my corset skirt and placed an electric vacuum pump on my
clitoris. It was switched on and I climaxed immediately. But nobody switched it
off. I climaxed and climaxed and climaxed until I attained a comatose delirium
of never ending serial climaxes. I cried from happiness and affection and love.
Meanwhile Victoria, Brigitte and Lisa did as if nothing unusual was happening.
Lisa asked for the shoes Victoria had received by mail yesterday. Shifting her
weight so that it was entirely pressing on my shoulders she removed her old
shoes and tried the new shoes on. I heard them talk and laugh distantly but I
couldn't hear what they were actually telling to each other.

After some time I noticed Lisa lifting her legs. Later I was told she lifted
them to enable Victoria and Brigitte to sniff and lick and suck her nylon toes.
What I did notice inside was Lisa climaxing three times, a lot of pussy juice
streaming inside my mouth. After more than two hours Lisa released me. Victoria
removed the stocking from my head and the tubes out of my nose and my throat. In
total exhaustion I collapsed on the floor. When I recovered the three of them
sat beside me around my head, gently kissing me and caressing me with their
nylon covered hands and their nylon covered mouths. Victoria kissed me lovingly
on my mouth like true lovers do. We were both crying from happiness wetting each
others faces with our tears.

"Let us reward her for her good behavior," Victoria said. She took three chairs
and placed them around my head. "Sit down ladies and remove your shoes," she
said. Victoria placed her smelly nylon feet on my face. Brigitte and Lisa did
the same. I could tell Brigitte and Lisa had been wearing the same 20 denier
body suits for more than three weeks. The smell of nylon foot aroma was
enormous. Together they buried my face in smelly nylon feet. Six fully fashioned
nylon feet making love to my nose, my eyes, my ears and my mouth.

Lisa managed to pull loose some toe jam out of her stained nylon stocking and
stuffed it in my nose. After a while the three of them positioned their heads
above my head, their foreheads pressed together. Their mouths just a few inches
apart above my mouth. They tightened the muscles in their throats which enabled
them to bring up some of the contents of their stomach. They showered me with
their champagne de nature and their spittle and I climaxed again.

After Brigitte and Lisa had left, Victoria said. "Let us go home. You've had
enough for one day, I think. "Victoria helped me to get on my feet and did put
my corset skirt back on.

"How do we get home? I asked.

"We walk," Victoria answered.

"That's more than one kilometer," I said.

Yes I know. That's a perfect distance to start learning to walk in opera pump
ballet shoes. And I'll help you. Take my arm." I couldn't believe my ears. I did
say "yes" when Victoria asked if I was sure to wanted to become her puppet, but
I didn't realize my training would start so soon.

"What's the height of this heel?" I asked.

"The heel is as long as your foot," Victoria answered, "maybe a little bit less
because when standing on toes your feet become a little smaller. Because your
feet are very small I think the heel on your shoe is between eight and nine. But
don't you worry. Tomorrow we'll visit a very special shoemaker who will make a
new pair of shoes for you. Custom made and hand made: a one piece iron frame,
low cut, special support for your toes like real ballet shoes, patent leather on
the outside, kid leather on the inside, tight and strong. They'll fit you like a
glove. A glove you'll never ever want to remove. When your feet are altered by a
surgeon you again will receive new shoes: smaller and higher. He'll not only fix
all the bones in your feet but also remove the back part of your heel. He'll
flatten your heel. Not only will the front of your foot and leg become one
straight vertical line, the back of your foot will also become flatter."
Victoria said.

I very carefully and very slowly started walking down the street supported by
Victoria. I was so busy walking that I didn't notice all the people staring and
sometimes laughing at me.

"I can't take it anymore," I said. My feet and toes tingled, tensed up and were
hurting.

"Yes you can," Victoria answered.  After a while me feet became numb. That made
walking more easy, but I didn't feel comfortable at all because I was laced up
so tightly by the super panty girdle, the corset skirt and the taut stockings.
Each of the 48 garters on my corset were stretched to the limit pulling my
stockings as tight as they could be. I could only take tiny steps because my
gossamer shiny knees were pressed together by the tight corset skirt. From my
crotch down to my calves my nylon legs were grating each other so hard that the
swishing sound heard by everyone. The slippery and smooth satin lining of my
tight skirt was also rubbing my tightly suspendered stockinged legs. Halfway
home I couldn't hold my bladder anymore because of the tightness of my panty
girdle. I felt the piss streaming down my nylon legs, wetting my panty girdle
and skirt, and filling my ballet opera pumps. When my shoes were filled to the
edge with champagne de nature I couldn't stop pissing as I had intended to do.
So the piss traveled down my shoes on the street leaving a trail of tiny
footprints.

"I see you're having a party on your own," Victoria said.

"I can't help myself," I hissed, barely able to talk because breathing was
difficult in the tight panty girdle. Victoria opened her purse and fetched the
two extremely dirty and smelly stockings. In the middle of the street she
stuffed the toes of the stockings in my nostrils. The rest of the stockings hung
out of my nose for everyone to see. It didn't bother me at all because the
smelly nylon foot aroma stuffed in my nose brought me to a seventh heaven of
delight.

When we reached the last corner Victoria stopped me. She positioned herself in
front of me and started to french kiss me. While kissing passionately she
retched and before I knew it my mouth was filled with champagne de nature out of
her stomach.

"Don't swallow it," Victoria said, "Keep it in your mouth till I give you
permission to empty your mouth." I knew exactly why she had done that. Now I
wasn't able anymore to breathe through my mouth. I could only inhale through my
nose, but because my nose was stuffed with smelly stockings breathing became
even more difficult.

"I want you to look at the toes of my shoes, Esther," Victoria said. "Imagine
what's happening inside my shoes. My toes are soaked with sweat. My stockings
are collecting my toe jam. I'm preparing your evening meal. It's boiling inside
my shoes. Imagine my red toenails encased in ultra sheer nylon inside my shoe.
The nail polish shines through the reinforced toes of my stockings. Look at my
shoes: notice my sheer toes disappear in my instep. Right there it's happening.
My sheer nylon toes are boiling hot, steaming inside my shoe. Waiting for you
darling. Waiting for you to inhale the smelly nylon foot aroma, to taste the
flavor of the underside of my reinforced nylon foot and to suck the sweat out my
smelly nylons."

I knew exactly why she was telling me this. She thought I wouldn't be able to
walk all the way home, and that a little encouragement might help. She was
right. I became very exited and that gave me new strength. I couldn't wait to
get home and suck her smelly nylon toes. When we reached her apartment and went
upstairs (thank God there was an elevator) she ordered me to sit.

"You've been standing in those opera pump ballet shoes for more than six hours
now because you think you can't sit down. You think your nylons are suspendered
too taut to bend your legs and you think your corset skirt and panty girdle are
to tight to sit down. I know it feels that way, but you're wrong thinking you
can't sit down. You can't from now on keep standing all your life. There's no
need for it. You have to adjust to the tightness. The worst thing that can
happen to you sitting down is ruining your clothes: your corset skirt might tear
apart and your stockings might burst around your knees because they're stretched
to the limit by the 48 garters. But I don't think that will happen because for
that purpose I gave you 60 denier stockings: they won't burst. And if they do no
problem at all. You'll get new ones. So sit down."

I very carefully lowered myself on the couch. The panty girdle and the corset
skirt were killing me and the stockings were hurting my knees. When I sat down
finally my knees turned white because the stockings were pressing my knees hard.
The skin beneath the stockings turned white because the pressure of nylon pushed
the blood of my skin away. "Now cross your legs, darling," Victoria said. "I
know you love the sound of nylon against nylon and I'm sure the sound you're
going to make in these tight stockings is the best. It's the best sound there is
because your stockings are suspendered as tightly as possible. I crossed my legs
and a shiver went through my body. The sound was indeed incredible because the
stockings were made of the hardest glass nylon available in the world and
because the material of the stockings was stretched to the limit.

"Whenever you sit I want you to constantly cross your legs," Victoria said, "I
want to hear that sound always. Making that sound tells me you love me. And I
want to hear that love song all day long."

After that Victoria made a phone call in the hall. "I've good news for you," she
said when she returned. "You're expected in the hospital tomorrow already. They
will enlarge your breasts to the maximum size, remove your two lower ribs in
order to reduce your waist, fix the bones in your feet so you can only walk in
ballet shoes and pierce your nose, nipples and vagina. The surgeon also has a
surprise for you. He'll implant a special piercing device inside your clitoris.
It's something new. But I want to know if you still want this. You have to know
that the next months aren't going to be pleasant at all. You'll be in and out of
hospitals and at home you'll have to stay in bed because your feet will have to
heal."

"Yes, I still want it," I said.

"Okay than. This will be our last night together for the time being. Tomorrow
you'll be in the hospital. I want you to remember this night the next couple of
months." Victoria placed a chair in front of me and sat down. She crossed her
delicate fully fashioned nylon legs in front of me and started dangling the shoe
of her left foot. I immediately smelled her nylon foot aroma. Than she uncrossed
her legs again, took a champagne glass and placed it under her skirt between her
legs. She filled the glass with champagne de nature. After it was filled she
placed it on the table and filled the second glass. Than she handed me a glass
and took the second one herself. "I want us to toast a happy future together,
darling," she said.

We clinked our glasses and brought them to our mouths. At first we didn't drink.
We just touched the glasses to our lips and savored the aroma. With our noses
buried deep in our glasses we looked in each others eyes with a never ending
deep love. Than we emptied the glasses enjoying every swallow. "Do you want a
refill?" Victoria asked. "Yes," I said, "I want to get drunk." She placed my
glass between her legs again and filled it to the edge. Than she refilled her
glass also. In the end we both had four glasses. We had to stop because her
bladder was empty. Victoria bent forward and took my nose in her mouth. I made
sure my mouth was tightly closed. I had to breathe through my nose. I inhaled
the air Victoria exhaled. The air she exhaled was intoxicated with champagne de
nature. After that she pressed her lips on mine and started gagging ever so
slowly. It took her almost five minutes but in the end she managed to empty her
stomach completely. I swallowed it all. From now on Victoria would always
nourish me with what her body had to offer. Like a bird feeding her chick.

Victoria sat back in her chair and said: "Now I want you to worship my smelly
nylon feet. I want you to kneel down in front on me in total idolization. The
only thing you can think of are my sacred smelly nylon toes inside their
sanctuary, the instep of my seven inch high heeled worn and smelly shoes. At
first I want you to caress and kiss my feet with my shoes on. Feel the heat with
your tongue, feel the strength of my heels, french kiss my nylon arch, lick the
nylon covered veins and muscles of my instep, suck the pointed toe of my worn
shoe, cover my the toe of my shoe with your mouth and realize what's inside the
shoe for you. My smelly reinforced nylon toes are waiting to be worshipped by
you. Now lay on your back under my chair and be prepared to receive my gift."

She removed one shoe and kept her foot in the air, some ten inch above my face.
"Look at it. I know you like what you see. I know you can't wait to smother my
smelly nylon toes with your lips. But you have to wait. I'm going to bury your
nose under my sheer toes first. I don't want you to lick them. Keep your mouth
closed. All you're allowed to do is to smell my nylon toes. I'll keep my
reinforced toes wrapped around your delicate nose till you climax spontaneously
without touching yourself." I tried to hold back but without success. The moment
Victoria placed her sweaty nylon feet on my face I climaxed. Afterwards I cried
from happiness.

End of part 08




I have a secret in my shoe too
PART NINE
Story by Joy Cohaan

It took me half a year to recover from my surgery. Now I'm completely fit again.
I feel reborn, I'm a new person. But it hasn't been easy all the way. After I
told Victoria half a year ago I surely wanted the operations, the next day she
sent me to the hospital. The first day at the hospital, a private clinic, I
received numerous tests. On the second day I was brought to the operating room
and anaesthetized. It took them eight hours to do everything Victoria ordered
them to do. When I awakened that evening I didn't know at all what happened to
me. I did know though that Victoria never left my bedside. The morning of the
third day I slowly started to realize what had been done to me. Not everything
because I couldn't think straight due to the huge amount of painkillers inside
my body. I was in very much pain: my feet, my chest, my breast and my vagina did
hurt. The first thing I noticed was the size of my breasts. Victoria had told me
she wanted me to have the biggest breasts in the world. When she told me that I
thought it would take me some years and many operations to achieve it. I hadn't
realized what the doctors were capable of. Of course I did have huge breasts
already, but what I discovered under the sheets during the third day in the
hospital was completely breathtaking. I couldn't believe my eyes: on top of my
chest were two big balloons of at least 10 inches high. My already big breasts
were stuffed to their maximum size, the skin stretched to the limit. They didn't
look real to me at all. Whether or not I was sitting in bed or lying in bed, the
shape of my tits didn't change.

Later I discovered that my tits were filled with something new: inflatable air
bags. At the underside of my breasts there were two little one way air valves.
Whenever she wanted Victoria could pump up the air bags. On top of these huge
balloons through my nipples I noticed two big golden rings attached to each
other with a golden chain. The one piece rings and the chain were installed by a
goldsmith during the operation: they couldn't be removed.

I also noticed immediately that something had changed inside my mouth. I was
thrilled when I noticed what it was. Every inch of skin inside my mouth was
covered with the hardest glass nylon in the world. The sheerest of 20 denier
sheer nylon. Except my teeth everything was plastered of 20 denier sheer nylon.
Except my teeth everything was plastered [Image] with nylon: my tongue, my
palate, the inside of my cheeks and my  jaws. The nylon on my tongue was
fastened at the end of my tongue bone in my gullet. After the specialist had
covered everything inside my mouth with nylon he rubbed the surface with a
special hormone cream. Then he used a medical laser device for the nylon to be
melted in. The nylon stuck to my skin: it couldn't be removed ever again. Not in
my wildest dreams did I ever think something like that would be possible.

The pain in my chest was caused by the removal of the lower ribs. Victoria
wanted me to have the smallest waist in the world and to achieve that two ribs
had to be removed. The surgeon however had removed four ribs. I couldn't see
what he had done to my feet because they were in plaster. I knew of course that
all the joints and bones in my feet were fixed. I could never bend my feet or
toes anymore. The only shoes that would fit me were the ballet opera pumps with
a nine inch high heel.

Because the size of my breasts I also couldn't see what they had done with my
vagina, but later in the mirror I discovered it of course. There were four big
golden rings in each of my outer labia and two golden rings in each of my inner
labia. Attached to two of the rings in my outer labia on each side were two
unremovable two inch wide black garters. Of course there was a golden ring in
the foreskin of my clitoris and also the special device Victoria had promised
me: a three inch golden bar inserted through the entire length of my clitoris.
Only a surgeon could instal it because it had to be fastened at the other side
inside my belly. My clitoris didn't only contain a golden bar but also a spiral
of golden wire all the way inside. Every muscle inside the entire length of my
clitoris was wrapped in golden wire. This new piercing device was operated with
a remote control. When the golden spiral was activated all the muscles in my
clitoris vibrated.

Soon enough I realized that Victoria would never switch off the vibrating
function of the golden spiral. The spiral was implanted to develop my clitoris
into the largest clitoris in the world. By massaging the muscles 24 hours a day
it would grow and grow until it reached a length of two or three inches. In the
end I would have a little penis for Victoria to suck on. Luckily the golden bar
wasn't switched on all day because I climaxed immediately the moment Victoria
switched it on for the first time. Later I discovered the real use of it.

Also hanging out of my vagina was the new tube system. The main tube was
installed in my bladder with little tubes hanging out: one for my bowel, one for
my stomach and two for each of my shoes. I would never in my life be able to pee
as a normal person again because the tube in my urethra could not be removed
again. I had to empty my bladder in my bowel, my stomach or my shoes. Both my
vagina and my ass were stretched to the limit by an inflatable dildo because
Victoria wanted me to have the biggest vagina and the biggest ass in the world.
The plug in my ass was furnished with a sink plug. Attached to it was a golden
chain. There was a little hole in the sink plug for the tube inside my bowel.

The first sight of my vagina scared me the most. I couldn't imagine walking
again ever because inside and around my vagina so much was installed: the
inflatable dildo, the sewer system, the clitoris development system, thirteen
golden rings and four black garters. In the hospital I had to lie with my legs
spread very wide. I also discovered numerous little tattoos on my body. They
were half an inch or smaller but they were everywhere: on arms and legs, my
back, my belly, my breasts, my hands and my feet.

At least more than fifty tiny tattoos. Little colored drawings of nylon feet in
high heels, pointed nylon toes, the nylon sole of a foot, a high arch, a nylon
instep, two lips kissing a nylon toe and tattoos with the text: "I love smelly
nylon feet" on different places for everybody to see. After a week I was allowed
to leave the hospital. Because I had to wear casts around my feet for at least
eight weeks I had to stay in bed at home, but Victoria made good use of that.
She told me to trust her and not to ask questions.

She gave me a hormone treatment for my breasts and my clitoris to grow fast and
she drugged me slightly because she wanted to train me, to condition me like a
dog with a pavlovian treatment. The result was that I was asleep most of the
time. Without me noticing it every two hours Victoria stuffed my nose with two
extremely smelly nylon stockings. After that she activated the golden bar in my
clitoris till I climaxed. After I climaxed she removed the stockings again and
switched off the golden bar. She kept doing that for four weeks. After the
fourth week she didn't need to switch on the golden bar in my clitoris anymore
because I climaxed the moment she stuffed the smelly nylons in my nose. The
treatment had been successful. I climaxed the moment I smelled nylon foot aroma.

I was brainwashed, conditioned to react like a dog. But Victoria wasn't finished
yet. The next four weeks she filled my mouth with her champagne de nature every
two hours and again switched on the golden bar in my clitoris. This treatment
was also successful. after four weeks I climaxed the moment Victoria filled my
mouth with champagne de nature. After the plaster on my feet was removed and I
could wear stockings again Victoria kept me drugged for four weeks more. Every
two hours Victoria sat down at the end of the bed and started sucking my
reinforced nylon toes. Again she switched on the golden bar in my clitoris till
I climaxed. Needless to say that this treatment was also successful. After four
weeks I climaxed spontaneously the moment Victoria took my toes in her mouth.

During the twelve weeks of training I didn't leave my bed at all. I didn't have
to. Victoria fed me three times a day like a bird feeds her child and the sewer
system had been installed: two tubes inside the seams of my nylon stockings, a
tube in my bowel, a tube in my mouth and a tube in my bladder. The tube system
was operated with a remote control by Victoria. She made sure the contents of my
bladder found their way to my feet, my bowel or my stomach and vice versa. She
could program the remote control in the order to make sure the champagne de
nature in my body kept streaming from one place to other places and back again
constantly. So one moment my bowel was filled to the edge and the next moment I
could feel my bowel emptying itself and filling my stomach. But one thing never
changed: the smell of champagne de nature in every pore of my body. Sometimes
Victoria even placed a gas mask on my head attached to a water pipe filled with
champagne de nature. The air I inhaled was polluted with champagne de nature
keeping me aroused all day long.

After twelve weeks the pavlovian training stopped. I wasn't drugged anymore, but
the hormone treatment to enlarge my breasts and clitoris went on. The fifteenth
week turned out to be a very busy week. Numerous people visited me at home: a
girl from a nail shop, a shoe maker, a corset maker, a tailor, a hairdresser, a
tattoo make-up artist and a physical therapist. The girl from the nail shop
furnished my hands with two inch long false nails and painted them bright red.
Not with nail polish but with real paint. She injected each of my finger with a
special substance in order to make my own nails grow faster and to become
stronger. Victoria wanted my own nails to be two inch long in a short time. The
shoemaker came along to measure my feet and to make a plaster cast from both my
feet to enable him to make patent leather opera pump ballet shoes with a nine
inch high pencil sharp heel. She shoes would fit me like a second skin, like a
tight leather glove and they would be easy to walk in. The corset maker also
took my measurements in order to make my corset. She and Victoria decided that a
corset with an eighteen inch waist would do for the moment but their goal a 14
inch waist. They were sure they could achieve it within a few months. The heavy
boned satin corset needed to have 48 garters and special cups to push my breasts
upwards.

After three months hormone treatment my tits had become the size of the biggest
size basketball with almost the same shape and the same hardness. The tailor
also took my measurements (95JJJJ-18-40) to make me a new wardrobe. The
hairdresser bleached my blond hair completely white. My thick curly and very
long hair (it comes all the way down to my bottom) was backcombed extensively
and partly piled high upon my head. The rest of my hair hung down my back. After
that he depilated my armpits and my pubic hair. The tattoo make-up artist
tattooed my eyes and my lips. I looked gorgeous afterwards. I never ever in my
life looked so beautiful and slutty and I could never ever remove it again.

The physical therapist by the name of Vanessa came in every day. She had to
massage my feet to make my muscles stronger. They needed to get stronger because
I had to walk on the tips of my toes for the rest of my life. She also had to
teach me to walk in my opera pump ballet shoes. She promised me I could run in
them within a few months. She knew what she was talking about because she
herself had her feet fixed some ten years ago. She could even stand on the tips
of her nylon toes without shoes. "You can do that in a couple of years also,"
she said. "Why don't you have a look at my feet. Then you can see for yourself
how your feet will become after I'm finished with you." She sat down and removed
a shoe. She lifted her leg and brought it to my face. The moment I smelled her
nylon feet I climaxed. "Something wrong?" she asked. "No," I answered. "I can't
help myself. I climax the moment I smell foot aroma. I'm trained that way. I'm
conditioned like a dog." She was flabbergasted.

"Did Victoria do that to you?" "Yes," I said. "I envy you," she answered. I
examined her foot and noticed how rock hard they were. Every muscle was very
well developed. Her joints and bones were fixed also. I tried hard but couldn't
bent her toes at all. Her toes were deformed from standing on them for more than
ten years. The toes had sunk partly into her feet. They had grown together. She
also removed her other ballet shoe and said: "Look, I can walk on my toes
without my shoes on." She walked up and down the living room without the
slightest difficulty.

"But now back to work," she said. "I have a very special technique. Because the
muscles in feet are so tiny I prefer to massage them with my mouth, my lips and
my teeth in combinations with the tips of my fingers. I bite your muscles, I
chew on them, I suck them one by one to activate them, to develop them into
strong rock hard muscles. And because I know now that you love feet too I
suggest you do the same with my feet. In that way our sessions everyday will
become very pleasant. So I want us to sit opposite each other. I take one of
your feet to chew on and you do the same with one of my feet at the same time. I
need massage too because pointed feet need massage all the time, if possible
everyday to keep them in shape." She placed her chair in front of mine and took
one of my feet in her mouth. Again I climaxed immediately.

"Victoria's training also?" she asked. "Yes," I said. After I recovered I took
her foot in both my hands and brought it to my nose. I buried my nose in her
toes while Vanessa started massaging my foot. I closed my eyes and enjoyed the
smell. After what had to be fifteen minutes Vanessa said: "Are you just going to
sniff my feet or are you going to give me a massage too?" "Sorry," I said. I
gently started kissing her nylon foot. I couldn't believe my good fortune, my
good luck. Before I met Victoria three months ago in that little latex boutique
in Amsterdam I had never kissed feet before. All my life I have been addicted to
smelly nylon feet but I had never succeeded in finding a partner. On account of
that the only thing left for me was make love to my own feet and legs. I almost
never changed or washed my stockings and kept them on night and day. Therefore I
was able to smell my own feet whereever I was. Because kissing one's own feet
isn't easy at all I often french kissed and sucked my own nylon knees. I would
sit on the couch in my living room watching television and meanwhile making love
to my nylon knees. I love the feel of my tongue on nylon covered warm skin. When
licking a plain knit fully fashioned sheer nylon knee up and down one feels the
ultra smooth and slippery fabric gliding under one's tongue. Licking the knee
from one side to the other side one feels quite an other sensation: the hard
glass nylon is grating one's tongue.

When licking nylon covered knees, or feet, or legs it is important that the
stockings are suspendered as tightly as possible preferably with as much garters
as possible. Taut suspendering highlights making love to sheer nylon skin. I
could lick, and kiss and fondle my knees for hours on end in the old days. But
there was no need for that anymore. Since I met Victoria there were plenty of
other women's nylon legs to lick. I can suck on Victoria's nylon knees and legs
and feet for hours on end. Licking nylon skin has become even better since the
inside of my mouth and my tongue are covered with sheer nylon. I don't even have
to open my mouth to taste and lick and suck nylon. All I have to do is rub my
nylon palate with my nylon tongue. Having one's tongue nyloned makes every use
of my tongue a pleasurable experience: french kissing Victoria, sucking nylon
toes, sucking a pussy or a cock, yes, even eating and drinking turns out to be
more fun. So I started licking Vanessa's nylon sole with my nylon tongue and she
noticed it immediately. She withdrew her foot and said: "Show me your mouth." I
opened my mouth to show her. "I don't believe this. Victoria did a hell of a
job. Please show me everything she has done to you."

End of part 09




I have a secret in my shoe too
PART TEN
Story by Joy Cohaan

At her first visit to me physical therapist Vanessa wanted to see everything
Victoria had done to my body. "The inside of your mouth is entirely covered with
nylon, you're trained to climax on nylon foot aroma and when someone sucks your
toes, and your feet are pointed down forever. What else have they done to your
body?" Vanessa asked.

"What haven't they done?" I answered. "You name it and I have it. If you start
sucking my nylon toes again I'll show you something," I said. She took my sheer
toes in her mouth again. I pushed a button on my sewer system remote control in
order to direct my champagne de nature from my bladder through the tubes inside
the seams of my stockings. The tubes end under my toes. In a few seconds Vanessa
was looking at me in total disbelief. But from the look in her eyes I could tell
she was enjoying herself. She beckoned me not to stop and started swallowing my
champagne de nature. Not only mine but also Victoria's because she had relieved
herself in me before she left the house. When Victoria leaves the house she
always makes sure I'm filled up in all places. My stomach, my bladder and my
bowel were completely filled with champagne de nature. I knew for sure because
the red light on my remote control was burning. The red alarm light illuminates
when my body can't take a single drop of champagne de nature anymore. The
maximum amount of piss I can hold in my body is eight liters. The red alarm
light is connected to an overflow valve in the central unit of my sewer system
between my legs. When my system can't take anymore the overflow valve is
activated and the piss streams down my legs.

After Vanessa had been swallowing my champagne de nature for more than five
minutes she climaxed intensely but again she beckoned me not to stop. Because my
bladder was almost empty I operated the remote control again to direct my human
champagne from my stomach to my feet. The central unit of my sewer system is
between my legs. Connected to it are five tubes: one into my bladder, one to my
stomach, one to my bowel and two down my legs inside the seams of my stockings.
With the remote control I can direct my champagne de nature to any place I like
and vice versa. Vanessa couldn't get enough and kept on gulping down my
champagne de nature. After a few minutes I noticed she couldn't take anymore.
Her stomach, her gullet and her mouth were full. I switched off the tube system
and started kissing her. I helped Vanessa out by taking back some of my
full-flavored champagne de nature. "Where did that came from?" Vanessa asked.
"You can't have that much in your bladder." I showed her the remote control.
"You emptied my bladder and part of my stomach. I think you swallowed three
liter. But if you want you can have more. I have five liter left to give you," I
said. "Show me," she said. I took off my skirt and lifted my satin fullslip. Her
eyes almost popped out of her head. She sat down on her knees in front of me to
examine my toys. "I can't believe it," she said. I sat down on the chair again
and spread my legs as wide as I could. Every time I do that the four black
garters attached to the rings in my outer labia stretch to the limit. The
garters pull my outer labia downwards to the side and my stocking tops upwards.
The result is that my vulva stands open as wide as possible. Vanessa touched the
garters in disbelief but her eyes traveled to my clitoris.

Because of the hormone treatment and the constant massage by the vibrating
golden wire inside, my clitoris had already grown to a size of two inch. Vanessa
opened her mouth and started sucking my clitoris. The little head of my
constantly erect clitoris responded by producing lubricant. I climaxed on the
spot. "Take it easy, darling," I said when Vanessa was sucking my clitoris deep
inside her mouth very hard. "Don't break the wire inside otherwise I have to go
to the hospital again to have it fixed." Vanessa let go of my clitoris and said.
"What is inside your vagina?" "It's an inflatable dildo. Victoria wants me to
have the biggest vagina and the biggest ass in the world. Within a few months
you'll be able to stick your head in. Vanessa wanted to remove the sink plug
from my sphincter. "No," I said. "Don't. You'll be showered with champagne de
nature." I told her that I had four ribs removed in order to get the smallest
waist in the world and that in few months I would have the biggest breasts in
the world also.

"I've never ever seen something like this in my life," Vanessa said. "You must
be the happiest woman in the world. People will not believe me when I tell them
about you. If I hadn't seen it I wouldn't believe it myself. It's unbelievable,
unrealistic, but too good to be true. You're a human sex toy. I thought I was
special having my feet altered, but compared to you that's nothing. I'm a
traffic stopper with my pointed feet and nine inch high heels but when you go
out of the house people will think they're hallucinating. I'm very glad Victoria
asked me to be your physical therapist. I'm looking forward to taking you out.
We can do some shopping together or have lunch in a restaurant. It would be
great to go out with you. Then I'm not the only one anymore walking in patent
leather opera pump ballet shoes." I heard Victoria coming in the front door
walking to the living room.

"Hello, the two of you," she said. "Having some fun together?" Vanessa was the
first to answer. "Oh, Victoria I'm so glad you asked me to take care of Esther's
feet. I'll be in your debt forever."

"There is no need for that," Victoria answered, "I only want the best for
Esther." Victoria sat down next to me and I climaxed again because the pungent
smell of nylon foot aroma hit me the moment she sat down. She had done what she
had promised to me six months ago: she would never wash her feet again, never
take off her slick stockings and her shoes anymore and wear a pair of very worn
seven inch high heeled shoes night and day. She also had been making good use of
the chest with worn stockings in her shop. She brought them to a tailor and he
made all sorts of clothes: skirts, dresses, gloves, full slips, panties. The
dress she was wearing when Vanessa visited me for the first time was made of 245
dirty smelly stockings. "I've a surprise for you darling," Victoria said. She
opened her purse and showed me two extremely dirty ultra sheer fully fashioned
seamed nude stockings. The underside of the stockings was mostly black, a little
gray and on some place green from all the dirt collected in the fabric of the
stockings. "A customer came in today to change her soiled stockings. She has
been wearing them for over a year. She visited the shop an hour ago. So these
rank beauties are fresh."

She took one of the squishy stockings and stuffed the funky toe of the saturated
stocking deep into my left nostril. The other went into my right nostril. With
the two aromatic stockings dangling in front of my mouth she french kissed me,
caressing my nylon covered tongue. After our lips parted she said: "Vanessa I
want you to know, but maybe you know already, that Esther is addicted to the
heady aroma of damp nylon feet. As you can see and smell I do everything to
please her. My life is dedicated to fulfilling Esther's fantasy. In return she
gave me carte blanche for changing her body. So when I come home from work the
first thing I do is remove my damp shoes. Esther will lie on the ground and I'll
plant my moist and smelly sheer nylon feet on her face. She especially likes my
feet when I come home from work because I have been standing on them all day
long. After work my feet are very warm, very moist and very smelly because these
shoes are a little bit too small and these seven inch heels are killing me. I've
been wearing these slick stockings and these saturated shoes day and night for
six months now without washing. Esther can't wait to get down and sniff my tangy
feet so I hope you'll excuse us. If you stay you have to play," Victoria said.

"I'll play," Vanessa answered eagerly.

"Then I want you both under that chair on your back. I'm going to do some
paperwork over there at the table and I want you both to sniff a pungent nylon
foot. And there is something else I have to tell you, Vanessa. You're not
allowed to kiss, or lick or suck my funky nylon foot because when you use your
mouth you'll ruin the pattern of the sludge under my foot and we don't want
that. My nylon toes have to get more dirty and more smelly every day. That's a
holy task and nothing can interfere with that. So you're not allowed to use your
tongue or swallow any sludge. You'll handle my smelly toes like a sanctuary. I
offer you a sacramental scent only."

Vanessa and I crawled under the table to lie down on our backs side by side.
Vanessa grabbed my hand in anticipation. Victoria fetched a pile of papers and
walked to the table. Vanessa and I both followed Victoria's legs with our eyes.
All we could see was the lower half of her very shapely black nylon legs and her
delicate feet in that very worn out kid skin shoes with thin seven inch high
heels. Her arches were dramatically bent forward. Her low cut shoes showed the
beginning of her toes where they disappeared in the insteps of her shoes. The
outside of her shoes was shaped by the cramped toes inside. The outline of her
toes was clearly visible at the outside of her shoe. The inside of the instep is
the center of my attention. I can't think of anything else but the rank nylon
toes inside getting more pungent and more filthy every day. The intoxicating
acrid stench inside is what I live for. Victoria sat down, shifted the chair and
removed her shoes. She brought her feet down to our faces very, very slowly. My
eyes were focused on the nylon toes.

Because the stockings had become extremely dirty the last six months the toes
and the ball of the foot had completely disappeared under a thick layer of
sludge collected in the reinforced parts of the slick stocking. I estimated the
thickness of the layer of sludge three millimeter. At some places the nylon
fabric of the squishy stockings had disappeared into the funky sludge. The tangy
sludge was mud colored, dark gray and on some parts greenish. Because Victoria
is standing on tip toe in her seven inch high heels all day the ball of her foot
and her toes push the sludge upwards through the cleavages between her toes.
Finally Victoria lowered her aromatic feet every so slowly towards our faces.
Both Vanessa and I can't wait to have our noses smothered by the sweaty, warm
and dirty reinforced black nylon toes. Even before she buries our noses with her
filthy stockinged toes the pungent smell hits our olfactory nerve with full
force. Victoria's incense offering was affecting our nasal organs so violently
that Vanessa and I started to tremble. My nostrils flared when the rank odor
wafted up my nose. When Victoria's holy, squishy nylon sole, the most intimate
part of her body, hit my face I climaxed on the spot. She smothered my nose with
her funky toes, the moist slick nylon sole resting on my mouth. I wanted to
tongue the tangy taste of her damp foot, but I was ordered not to open my mouth.
I was not allowed to taste the rank morsels of toe cheese in my mouth. I was
only allowed to smell the salty tang of her sweat. The pungency of nylon foot
aroma was overdwelming. The intoxicating musky smell of Victoria's soiled nylon
toes made me forget everything around me.

The heady aroma made my head spin. This spicy delicacy, this salty flavor, this
acrid fragrance, this delectable cologne, this musty scent of sweat-saturated
and glistening nylon toes. This smelly silken embrace of love is what I'm living
for. The sapphic love I feel for Victoria is the strongest when I'm allowed to
inhale the rank aroma of the most intimate part of her body: her dirty nylon
feet.

I pressed my nose in the funky sludge as hard as I could, my nostrils buried in
the moist and pungent nylon in order not to mix this acrid scent with fresh air.
I inhaled as hard as could. My lungs were on fire. I was quivering all over my
body. Every muscle in my body tightened as I climaxed again and again. Then I
was knocked out by the intoxicating but delectable stench. Victoria later told
me that she noticed both Vanessa and I were knocked out. At that moment she
decided to switch on the vibrating bar inside my clitoris and to press down her
pungent nylon feet on our noses as hard as she could. She adjusted her body so
that practically all her weight pressed down on our noses. She smothered us with
her incense offering knowing all too well that Vanessa and I would keep on
climaxing knocked out or not. After three minutes Victoria removed her filthy
nylon feet and put on her shoes again. I took Vanessa and me twenty minutes to
regain consciousness. Then Victoria pushed the table aside, sat down on
Vanessa's face and relieved herself.

Vanessa swallowed everything down to the last drop. For me she fetched a bottle
of fresh champagne de nature. Every day she went to work with three empty
bottles. During the day the bottles were filled by herself (only if she couldn't
hold her bladder anymore) and by her customers. She emptied one of the bottles
in my mouth. Next came four extremely dirty stockings. Both Vanessa's and my
nostrils were stuffed with the pungent toes of the slick fully fashioned seamed
nylons. Then she ordered Vanessa to take one of my damp feet in her mouth as
deep as she could. I had to do the same with Vanessa's foot. "I want you to
remain that position the next hour until I've finished my paperwork. I want you
to practice your deep throat technic on each others foot."

She pushed the table in its place again, sat down and started working. I started
sucking on Vanessa's nylon toes. I gobbled down every tasty morsel of toe cheese
I could found. I rolled her sweaty nylon toes inside my mouth in search of the
spicy delicacy. My tongue going in and out of her funky crevices, snaking
between each toe of Vanessa's aromatic foot. Her nylon foot glistened with my
saliva. The salty tang of her sweat traveled up my nose. The heady aroma making
my nostrils flare. After Vanessa finished her paperwork she told Vanessa it was
time to go.

She would come back tomorrow and everyday after for the next two months to
massage my feet and teach me to walk in my opera pump ballet shoes with nine
inch high heels. The next day the shoemaker returned with my hand made shoes:
black patent leather opera pump ballet shoes, very low cut and a nine inch
pencil heel. They were very tight, but comfortable because he had used a plaster
cast from my feet to make them. The shoe gave support to each of my toes. With
the old shoes I was standing mainly on my big toes. The inside of the shoes was
covered with sheer slick nylon. I knew why Victoria had insisted on low cut
shoes. She wanted to see the reinforcements of my stockings even when I had my
shoes on. With the shoes on the reinforcements were for everybody to see on all
sides. I have been wearing Victoria's favorite stockings since the day she
introduced them to me: Three B's Suzanne High and Wide Black Foot, knit of 100%
nylon. Dupont nylon first quality, 51 gauge, 15 denier. They are very shiny and
very sheer. The sound they make is breathtaking. Every time I cross my legs the
loudness of the sound these stockings make, amazes me again. Needless to say I
cross my legs very frequently on purpose. It's the best sound in the world. It's
music to my ears. I can't get enough of it. I even recorded the sound I make
when crossing my legs. I play the tape constantly. After the shoemaker left I
embraced Victoria to thank her for the beautiful shoes. I french kissed her with
my nylon covered tongue. She rewarded my kiss of love with a mouthful of
champagne de nature from her stomach.

Half an hour later the corset maker arrived. The custom made satin corset
reduced my waist to 18 inch. For the time being, that is. Victoria wanted my
waist to be 14 inches. Within three months I would receive a new corset again
with a 16 inch waist. It was a long corset that came down to my crotch. Attached
to it were 48 garters. My stockings needed to be stretched to the limit at all
times, night and day, in order to highlight the shine and the sound of the
stockings. The taut suspendering hurts my toes and it is very difficult for me
to bend my knees. But the result makes it worthwhile. The cups of my bra are two
big saucers that lift my huge breasts. Both the inside and the outside of the
corset are covered with sheer nylon. Although normally a corset doesn't haven a
crotch, my corset has one: a very special one. It has a crotch opening but also
numerous multifunctional rings, hooks, zippers and straps between my legs to
keep everything inside Victoria does put into my vagina and my ass, to secure
the tubes of my sewer system and to do all sort of things with the rings in my
vagina.

End of part 10




I have a secret in my shoe too
PART 11
Story by Joy Cohaan

After six months the relationship between Victoria and me changed completely. I
had recovered entirely. In the past six months Victoria achieved what the
wanted: I had the biggest breasts in the world (110JJJJ), the smallest waist in
the world (10 inch) the biggest vagina and the biggest ass. My nails were 2 inch
long, I was wearing opera pump ballet shoes with nine inch pencil heels night
and day and I was totally addicted to foot aroma, champagne de nature and
Victoria kissing my moist nylon toes. I had been at home for this time,
recovering, but now I had to start working again. Victoria still had her kinky
shop, but she had also been taking care of my hairdressing salon, but my shop
wasn't my shop anymore, I noticed very soon. Victoria had told all her own
customers that my hair salon was the place to be. So more and more kinky
customers visited my shop. From all over the country and even abroad people came
to my hairdressing salon. Victoria had changed my shop entirely to accommodate
the needs of the new customers. The biggest change was the hair-dressing chairs.
If a lady customer requested it she could have a human footstool, a human seat
in the chair or a girl between her legs. The shop was for ladies only. It was
run by a general manager by the name of Cristel. Twenty woman were working in
the shop: 10 hairdressers and 10 women who worked as human footstoola or human
seats. Victoria wanted me to work in the shop for a few months in order to get
more experience.

The first day at work I had to start as a footstool. It was a normal footstool
with a hole in it. I had to lie on the ground and stick my head in the hole of
the footstool. The rest of my body was hidden below the floor. The first
customer who requested a human footstool came at ten o'clock. She was a very
beautiful lady with long blond hair. She sat down to have her hair done and her
nails polished. She removed her worn out patent leather thigh high boots with
six inch high heels. "I haven't removed these boots for months," she told the
hair dresser with the name of Francesca. "I have been waiting for this moment."
Without looking at me at all she planted her dripping nylon feet on my face. "I
want my feet spotless when I leave," she said. She rubbed her soiled feet on my
face. The heady aroma of her aromatic feet made me climax immediately.
Afterwards I started lapping up as much toe cheese as I could. Most of the
sludge had nestled itself inside the fabric of the damp stockings and I had to
nibble awhile to get it loose. After I had cleaned the underside of her feet she
pushed one of her salty feet into my mouth. Because I was sure I couldn't
thoroughly clean her pungent foot without water or something I retched a little
to make sure my mouth was full of champagne de nature. The lady customer noticed
it immediately and started fucking my wet mouth with her pungent toes.

Up and down went her toes, using my mouth like a washing machine to clean her
stockinged feet. I sucked on her toes as hard as I could to remove as much spicy
dirt as possible. When her squishy and slick nylons were clean she removed her
stockings and pushed her bare toes inside my mouth. I gobbled down tons of toe
cheese from between her salty toes. I rolled her sweaty toes inside my mouth
with my tongue in and out of her crevices to find as much funky morsels of toe
cheese as possible. With my tongue I also searched for dirt under the tips of
her long toe-nails. "I also need a pedicure," I heard the lady customer tell the
hairdresser. I immediately knew what she wanted and started biting off her long
nails. It was difficult at first but after the third toe-nail I got the hang of
it and trimmed her nails with my teeth as if I had done it all my life. After I
had trimmed her nails I started pushing back her cuticles with my teeth and also
with my teeth removed the nail polish from her toe-nails.  When her feet were as
clean as they would ever be she put on her stockings again. The next customer
asked for a human seat. I was placed so that my face was sticking through the
hole in the customer's chair. The lady removed her panties, hiked her shirt up
and sat down on my face. My nose disappeared into her asshole and her wet cunt
pressed down on my mouth. One of the hair dressers started on her hair.

At first I didn't know what to do: just lying there or working on her intimate
parts. Every time I started licked her vagina the customer motioned me to stop.
All she wanted was just to be sitting on my face, smothering me. She was
enjoying herself immensely according to the amount of cunt juice she produced.
She was extremely liquid and flooded my face with her intimate release. My
entire face and my hair were dripping wet. After a while she started riding my
slick face ever so slowly and climaxed. The next customer also requested a human
seat. She sat down on my face without removing her saturated panties. She was
wearing sheer nylon fully fashioned panties. The rank odor of the squishy
panties set my taste buds on fire. She pushed her vagina in my mouth as deep as
she could and relieved herself trough the sheer nylon panties and I climaxed.
After that six more customers relieved themselves in my mouth. Because my
stomach couldn't hold that much liquid I directed the champagne de nature to my
bowel and my bladder with my remote control.

At six o'clock Victoria arrived to collect me. I didn't have to tell her I had
been used as a human seat almost all day long because my face and hair were
dripping wet and besmeared. Victoria started kissing me on my mouth. After that
she licked my face clean. We had dinner that night in Claudia Figilente's
restaurant. Like me Claudia is also addicted to foot aroma. All the waitresses
in the restaurant had to wear fully fashioned seamed stockings. Every week the
waitress with the smelliest stockings receives a bonus. All Claudia's clothes
are made of the waitresses stockings. Victoria and I sat down to have dinner.
Victoria removed two dirty stockings from her purse and stuffed the pungent toes
of the stockings in my nose. Needless to say I climaxed immediately. It was the
first time Victoria brought me to a restaurant. The last twelve months she had
been feeding me with the contents of her stomach by pressing her lips on my lips
and filling my mouth. I was a little disappointed that she wouldn't feed me
today and I had to do it myself. Eating turned out to be more difficult than I
had expected because of my huge breasts. I couldn't see my plate for one thing,
but I also could hardly bring my fork to my mouth without spilling food on my
tits. The distance between my chest and my nipples was 20 inches. I had to cover
that distance with my fork to reach my mouth. Lowering my breasts to make eating
more easy wasn't possible at all because the tightness of my 10 inch waist
corset and because the cups of my bra pushed my breasts as high as possible.

"Why don't you place your plate on your breasts?" Victoria asked. "It's the only
way you'll be able to eat." I did as I was told, feeling ridiculous. After a
minute I told Victoria I couldn't eat anyway because my stomach, my bowel, my
bladder and my shoes were filled to the edge. "Than get rid of some of it,"
Victoria said. "Here?" I asked. "Yes," she said, "why not?" I operated the
remote control to empty my stomach. The overflow valve between my legs was
activated immediately and my champagne de nature was streaming down my legs. In
a few minutes the floor around my chair and under the table was completely wet.
"Now eat," Victoria said. I felt very uncomfortable with the pungent stockings
hanging out of my mouth, the plate on my breasts and my chair in the middle of a
puddle of champagne de nature. "I don't like this," I told Victoria. "I don't
like it either," she said. "Then why?" I asked. "Consider it a test," she said.
"In the future make sure you empty your bladder before you enter a restaurant.
And before you sit down to eat, ask yourself if there are any other
possibilities to entertain yourself in restaurant. You probably haven't looked
around, but when you do, you might discover that you don't need to sit at this
table at all," Victoria said.

I looked around. The restaurant was crowded. But not all quests used chairs. I
saw a lot of woman on the ground: a woman kneeling beside her mistress's chair
waiting to be fed, a woman with her head between her mistress's legs, several
women lying under the table making love to the feet of the women sitting around
the table. I saw a woman emptying her plate on the ground with her mouth. The
plate was under the table with the stockinged feet of the mistress in the middle
of it. The woman under the table had to lap up her food around the feet of her
mistress. Another woman spooned the food from a plate under the table with her
foot. The woman sitting under the table had to suck her food out of the fabric
of her mistress's stockings. I also noticed a turntable under each table in the
restaurant. There were ladies on some of the turntables. The turntables were
activated by remote control. The ladies were lying on their backs with their
faces just beneath the feet of the women sitting around the table. Every time a
remote control was operated the turntable delivered the woman lying under the
table to another mistress's feet. So in the end all the women sitting around the
table had their feet licked and sucked.

"I'm sorry I failed the test," I told Victoria, "I realize now I should have
emptied my bladder walking down to this restaurant. Next time I'll remember to
relieve myself in a better place. And it was indeed stupid for me to sit down on
this chair. It won't happen again. I learned my lesson. I want to serve you in
any way I can, but I know you told me you don't want to ask for it. I crawled
under the table to lie on the turntable. Victoria removed her shoes and planted
her pungent feet on my face. The damp nylon stockings smothered my face. I
couldn't breathe at all. I inhaled the funky odor of extremely smelly nylon feet
as hard as I could and climaxed. I heard Victoria talk: " Claudia, why don't you
sit down with me for a while?" she asked. "Is that Esther lying down under the
table?', Claudia asked. "Yes," Victoria said. "Then I can't refuse." Claudia sat
down and motioned four waitresses to do the same. Now all the chairs around the
round table were occupied by women in stiletto heel shoes and fully fashioned
seamed stockings.

I knew from her visit to Victoria's shop that Claudia's feet were the dirtiest.
The waitresses also never wash their stockings or feet and keep their stockings
and shoes on night and day. The receive 100 dollars for each month wearing the
same stockings without ruining them. For every ruined stocking they receive a
new one. Each week the smelliest ruined stockings delivered to Claudia also
earns a bonus of 100 dollars. Because the restaurant is well know for its
kinkyness it doesn't attract ordinary waitresses, but surely not all of them, to
say the least, are used to wear six inch high heels and sheer nylons. But they
have to in order to get the job.

So in the beginning most of them wear stiletto heels and nylons just because
they have to and most of them keep their stockings on night and day without
washing only for the money. They are very careful with their nylons because the
bonus money each month is very welcome. But after being introduced to high heels
and nylons quite a number of them develop a fetish for legs and feet. And
because the heady aroma of funky nylon feet constantly surrounds them, quite a
number of them become addicted to pungent nylon foot aroma, not in the least
because Claudia encourages them as much as she can. There are even two
waitresses who changed their six inch high heels for seven inch high heels.

When the waitresses start working for Claudia they receive a satin uniform: a
black satin pencil skirt down to their knees and a white satin blouse with long
sleeves. Claudia tells them it's entirely up to them how they wear their
uniform. If they want, they can alter the satin skirt into a mini skirt. So in
the beginning most of the waitresses wear the skirt down to their knees but
after a while most of them shorten their skirt. Most of them wear their skirts
with the darker welt of the stocking tops showing, but a few of them also show
the thick black garters. There is even a waitress who doesn't wear a skirt at
all. Working in the restaurant amounts to being in a floor show. The waitresses
sashay between the tables. Frequently they stop in the middle of the restaurant
to adjust their stockings: they grasp a fully fashioned nylon ankle with both
hands to run their hands up the length of it. When while waiting tables they
constantly slip their heels in and out of their damp shoes producing the
beautiful sound of the stocking rasping against the shoe. Their moist insoles
are displayed for everybody to see and to smell. A lot of them also change their
blouses.

There is one waitress waiting tables with her big breasts hanging out. The rings
through her nipples are attached to a service tray with two chains. The tray is
fastened around her tiny waist and kept in place by the two chains. She keeps
her hands behind her back. The customers have to take their plates from the tray
themselves. Needless to say that this waitress received a huge rise when she
started doing this. And when business is slow quite a number of waitresses
volunteer to lie down on the turntable. But there was no need for that now
because I was lying under the table, with six pairs of beautiful nylon clad legs
surrounding me. I was lying with my head between the slick nylon legs of one of
the waitresses. She removed her worn out six inch high heels and planted her
moist feet on my face. With the toes of both her feet she grabbed my nose. The
waitress next to her also removed her shoes and rubbed her damp nylon insoles on
my huge satin covered breasts. The waitress sitting opposite her also removed
her shoes and started rubbing her stockinged feet on my stockinged legs making
the wonderful sound of nylon slipping on nylon. The feet of the waitress
pinching my nose with her toes had an peculiar smell. Normally there isn't that
much difference between the taste of one woman's sweaty nylon feet and another,
because the ingredients of the heady aroma are much the same: leather, nylon,
sweat and toe cheese. Everybody knows how leather smells: take a new pair of
high heeled shoes and stick your nose in. Plain knit nylon also has a familiar
smell. Take a very old pair of plain knit fully fashioned seamed stockings out
of its package and wrap the slick material around your nose. The smell of never
worn stockings is the best when they are very old and musty smelling. Leather
and nylon odor basically determine the smell of feet. It's only the smell of
sweat that makes the difference.

The size 4 feet of the waitress smothering my face didn't at all smell familiar.
I didn't know the nature of the smell but I smelled something nasty in the
beginning. At first I thought I smelled vinegar, but it wasn't. I didn't know at
the moment but later on I was told that her feet had molded because she has
extremely sweaty feet. After a while I got used to the funky odor and began
enjoying it. I started inhaling feverishly and opened my mouth as wide as I
could. The waitress immediately noticed my acceptance of her acrid pungency and
went wild. She rewarded my acceptance of her tangy flavor by lovingly rubbing my
entire face with her squishy nylon insoles and by pushing one of her feet into
my mouth as deeply as she could. After a little twisting it went in all the way.
At that moment she climaxed. She smothered my nose with her other damp foot. She
actually managed to push a toe in each of my nostrils. I couldn't breathe at all
for a minute and than I climaxed. She removed her feet out of my face, collected
as much sludge out of her shoes as possible, took the sludge into her mouth,
crept under the table and kissed me on my mouth. "You are the first one ever who
doesn't reject my fragrance. I love you," she whispered before she took my nose
in her stinking mouth. With her tongue she stuffed my nose with more sludge
having the time of her life. The remainder of the sludge was put down into my
mouth to chew on. After I serviced the feet of all the ladies sitting around the
table Victoria and I went home after a day of lots of smelly nylon feet.

End of part 11




I have a secret in my shoe too
PART 12
Story by Joy Cohaan

On a hot sunday morning Victoria told me she wanted to go to the beach. She
phoned physical therapist Vanessa and restaurant owner Claudia Figilente to
invite them to join us and bring a friend. She also phoned a private beach club
to make reservations for a private booth. "Esther, I want you to strip
completely," Victoria said to me. I didn't believe my ears because I had never
ever taken off my patent leather opera pump ballet shoes with nine inch high
heels, or my black fully fashioned seamed stockings with the high and wide black
foot, or my satin corset with a 14 inch waist. But I did as I was told. I felt
naked. I hadn't been naked for months.

"I want you to wear this," Victoria said. She handed me a very tight transparent
skin colored one piece perforated rubber suit that would cover me from head to
toe. The only opening in the suit was for my mouth. After I struggled into the
suit with a lot of help from Victoria she told me to put on my shoes, my
stockings and my corset again. On top of that I had to wear a black nylon under
slip, a heavy satin black pencil skirt, a white satin blouse and a hat with a
black nylon veil. Before we left Victoria emptied her bladder in my mouth. First
we drove to Vanessa's house and went in.

"Before we go ladies I want you to relieve yourself," Victoria said to Vanessa
and her lovely girlfriend Maria. I lay down on the floor and one after the other
Vanessa and Maria sat down on my face to empty their bladder. With the tubes
running to and from my stomach, my bowel, my bladder and my shoes I was able to
direct the champagne de nature with the sewer system remote control from my
stomach to my bladder at the moment my stomach was full. The four of us went
back to the car to drive to the house of Claudia Figilente. We went in and again
Victoria asked the ladies to relieve themselves. First Claudia sat on my face
and than her girlfriend Daisy. After they had emptied their bladders we drove to
the private beach club in Victoria's space wagon. I noticed that Vanessa's
girlfriend Maria was entirely dressed in black latex: stockings, a tight pencil
skirt, a blouse, a jacket and gloves. Even her six inch high heels were made of
rubber. Later that day I discovered that underneath her clothes everything was
also made out of rubber: a one-piece rubber corset with long legs and 24 garters
attached, a fullslip and a long bra.

Claudia and Victoria looked as if they had been shopping together: everything
they did wear was made out of very worn stockings: dresses, gloves, fullslips,
panties, bra's, panty girdles and the veils of the hats. Claudia's girlfriend
Daisy was entirely dressed in tight black satin, including hand made shiny satin
stockings and six inch satin slippers. Upon arrival Maria immediately sat down
in the burning sun. She is totally addicted to rubber and sitting in the sun
entirely dressed in rubber is one of her favorite pastimes. The rest of us
decided to sit in the shade, but Victoria said. "Esther I want you to sit in the
sun all day long. You're going to sweat profusely because of the one piece
rubber suit underneath your clothes and that is exactly what I want. I estimate
that you'll loose two liters of liquid every hour. We're going to sit here and
have a good time till late afternoon. You'll loose many liters of liquid, but
don't worry. The five of us are going to order refreshing drinks all day. For
you I brought an empty carafe and a champagne glass. The five of us are going to
relieve ourselves in that carafe. So there will be plenty champagne de nature
for you to drink in order not to dry out," Esther said. The five of them ordered
white wine.

When the waitress with the name of Iris came to bring the wine she asked me
whether or not she had to fill the carafe. "Why not?" I answered. She positioned
the carafe between her legs and relieved herself and filled my glass. "Do you
want me to join you?" she asked. "Yes, please do," I said. She filled another
glass, sat down beside me on an empty chair and motioned me to toast with her.
"To the best champagne in the world," she said. We brought the glasses to our
lips. All we did was sip a little of the delicate liquid, sticking our noses in
our glasses as deeply as possible to smell the salty fragrance. Our eyes were
locked together like women in love. Then we slowly emptied our glasses. I
climaxed on the spot. Iris was flabbergasted. Her eyes almost popped out of her
head. She whispered in my ear: "Never in my life have I seen a woman climax
spontaneously on the taste of my champagne de nature. Want a refill?" I told her
I did. She filled both our glasses again. "Bottoms up," she said. We both did.
Before she left she kissed me on my mouth feverishly and told me: "I'll make
sure that carafe is filled to the edge all day long."

Victoria told her she didn't have to worry about that because all five ladies
would take care of the carafe. "But we won't stop you from helping us," she
said. "Especially not if you keep drinking that much yourself." The one piece
rubber suit did what Victoria said it would do. In no time I was sweating like I
had never done in my life. Every pore of my body stood wide open. I bathed in
sweat from top to bottom. My skin was saturated. Every drop of sweat the rubber
suit couldn't hold inside was pressed out because the suit was perforated.
Because of that within an hour all my clothes were soaking wet. With all the
drinking I had to do needless to say my bowel, bladder and stomach were filled
to the brim with champagne de nature. Victoria had programmed the sewer system
remote control in such a way that the champagne de nature kept streaming from
one part of my body to other parts constantly. Because of the heat I lost very
much liquid during the day, but because my body was entirely filled with
champagne de nature I started sweating champagne de nature. Every inch of my
body, every pore of my body was drenched in it. No matter how much I gulped down
I kept being thirsty. Therefore I kept on drinking all day long and the five
ladies around me kept on relieving themselves in the carafe.

At the end of the afternoon I had consumed ten liters. Everything was drenched
with champagne de nature: my aqueous humour, my mucus, my breath, my sweat and
my blood. "Time to go now," Victoria said. We drove to the house of Lady
Miranda. On my first day in Victoria's shop she astonished me with her sewer
system. She was the only other person I knew who had a sewer system installed in
her body. It turned out to be Lady Miranda's birthday. "Esther is our surprise
for you," Victoria said. She has been in the sun today for eight hours with a
rubber suit on. But we took care of her. The five of us haven't visited the
bathroom since last night but our bladders are still empty thanks to Esther."

Victoria couldn't have made Lady Miranda more happy. She guided me to the sofa
and we sat down with lots of guests surrounding us. "We have to celebrate this,"
Lady Miranda said. Immediately a beautiful lady stepped forward, removed her
panties and filled our glasses. She and I gulped it down. "I want you to breathe
in my face, darling," she said. The moment I started breathing with her nose
halfway into my mouth she climaxed. "This is the best birthday present I've had
in my life," she said. "Let us make the best out of it." She connected my sewer
system to her sewer system and pressed her lips on mine. With her remote control
she directed more and more champagne de nature to my already full stomach. The
champagne de nature traveled up my gullet and into my mouth. Lady Miranda gulped
down everything, having the time of her life. "Victoria," Lady Miranda asked,
"do you mind the two of us going upstairs?" Victoria told her she didn't mind at
all. Lady Miranda guided me to her bedroom. "Please come to bed with me," she
said.

Her bed turned out to be a plastic reservoir. The eiderdown, the mattress and
the pillows were first covered in plastic and on top of that covered with satin
sheets. On the outside the bed looked normal but on the inside it wasn't at all
because the plastic reservoir was filled with champagne de nature. Our bodies
nearly disappeared in the pool of golden nectar. Only our breasts and our faces
surfaced. Lady Miranda covered us with the drenched satin eiderdown and said: "I
have been thinking about you since the day we first met. I have introduced a lot
of women to the fabulous world of champagne de nature but not one of them
responded like you did." She turned her head a little bit so that her mouth was
under "water." She swallowed a few times and surfaced again. I'm addicted to
champagne de nature. I can't live without it. I have to smell it, to feel it and
to taste it 24 hours a day." I also turned my head in order to get a mouthful of
golden nectar myself. Before swallowing it I savored the salty taste. And then
we french kissed. We both started retching in order to empty our stomach. While
kissing our mouths flooded with the golden nectar out of our stomach. Then Lady
Miranda pulled our pillows aside. Both our heads disappeared under water but we
kept on kissing. We didn't close our eyes but kept looking at each other trough
a haze of golden nectar. At that moment our love was so intense that we started
crying together.

When we surfaced again Lady Miranda asked my permission to sit on my face. Of
course I agreed. She climbed on top of me, pulled her nylon panties aside and
smothered my face, but not without pushing my face deep down under water. With
full force she started riding my face till she climaxed. When I surfaced again I
said: "I want to stay under water for a least fifteen minutes. Every time I lift
my finger you have to bring me some fresh air by applying mouth-to-mouth
resuscitation." I went down again. I switched on the golden bar inside my
clitoris and I disconnected all the tubes from my sewer system. The golden
nectar could run freely now in and out of my body because all my holes stood
open wide. By tightening all the muscles inside my belly I was able to empty my
bladder and my bowel, but when I relaxed my muscles both holes filled up again
because my sphincter isn't working anymore. Because the inflatable dildo has
been inside my bowel for over six months now it can almost accommodate a human
head. Victoria hasn't tried it yet. Her head has been in my vagina numerous
times though. As a result of all this my vagina and my ass are standing wide
open always. So every time I pressed out the golden nectar my holes filled back
up again. I felt like a sponge. My whole body was saturated with champagne de
nature.

Every minute or two I lifted my finger. The sign for Lady Miranda to dive under
water, press her lips on mine and fill my mouth with air. Because the body of
Lady Miranda was also saturated with champagne de nature the air I inhaled from
her lungs was polluted with champagne de nature. After fifteen minutes I
motioned Lady Miranda to sit on my face again. I buried my face as deep as I
could in her big cunt and sucked her clit inside my mouth. We climaxed together.
When I surfaced we both lay back on our pillows and fell asleep. The next
morning I had breakfast with Lady Miranda: she relieved herself in my mouth and
I in hers. We didn't change our clothes. We left the bed dripping wet and walked
to the terrace to sit by the pool. We wanted the sun to dry our clothes: that's
the only way to save the smell. "Now I know why your body smells of champagne de
nature so strongly," I said. "My whole body has been filled with champagne de
nature for six months now, but I've never smelled as good as you. My bowel, my
stomach, my bladder and my shoes are constantly filled with golden nectar, but
that isn't enough apparently to become as smelly as you are," I said.

"No, that's not enough," Lady Miranda answered. "It's my bed that does the
trick. I've been sleeping in it for the last six years every single night. That
the only way to get champagne de nature in your system. My doctor tells me the
air I exhale consists of fifty percent golden nectar, my sweat one hundred
percent, my blood twenty percent and my saliva eighty percent. She comes in
every month to do some tests, because she doesn't want me to have more than
twenty percent in my blood. Twenty percent is all right, she says, but it's the
limit. My doctor is also addicted to golden nectar. We're both members of an
international club dedicated to the love of golden nectar. Worldwide there are
some two thousand members. We have our own magazine and we meet occasionally.
Why don't you come along to our next meeting. You'll love it. It's ladies only,"
Lady Miranda said. "I would love to go," I answered. The door bell rang and Lady
Miranda answered the door. I was introduced to Yvette. She sat down with us by
the pool and crossed her legs. I couldn't believe my ears. She noticed my
reaction and crossed her nyloned legs again. The sound was overpowering. I had
never ever in my life experienced such an incredibly strong sound.

"How do you manage to get that sound," I asked. "It's not me doing that, but the
stockings," Yvette answered. "I know," I said, "but the sound of my stockings
isn't nearly as loud as the sound yours make." I crossed my legs as hard as I
could to make the loudest sound, but it wasn't as good as the sound Yvette
produced. "What kind of stockings do you wear?" Yvette asked. "I wear Magnolia's
Secret Moments. On the package it says: soft, silky and alluring. Style 3975
genuine fully fashioned seamed nylons, 100% nylon, non-stretch, 54 gauge, 15
denier, with needle marks at calf and thigh and a finishing hole at the top. I
buy them from the Sheer Factor in London. They should be the best. It's the only
company left in the whole world selling authentic fully fashioned seamed
nylons," I said. "You're right," Yvette answered, "they're the best, no doubt
about it. The stockings I wear aren't better, they're different. They're not
fully fashioned at all. They've a seam all right, but it's a phony one, the seam
is sewn in. It's not the real thing. I prefer authentic fully fashioned
stockings, but I wear these because the sound and the shine are much better. I
buy them from De'An Drew Designs in Fountain Valley, Style 1010. Hundred percent
nylon also, with a pointed heel but made of the sharpest glass nylon hose
available in the world. While your stockings are soft, as the package says, mine
are hard, as hard as they come. It's as sharp as angel's hair. If you would lick
up and down my nyloned legs you would hurt your tongue," Yvette said. She
crossed her legs again and I climaxed spontaneously.

"My God, I didn't know you loved this sound so much." She came over to me and
kissed my on my mouth. She noticed immediately that my mouth and my tongue were
covered entirely with nylon and she climaxed on the spot. "Let me show you my
stockings," she said. She raised her skirt. There seemed to be no end to her
legs and to her stockings. "It's pantyhose," I said. "No, it isn't," she
responded. The stockings came all the way to her waist. "These stockings are
available in every size you wish. You can choose from size A to size Q and every
size is available in 1x, 2x, 3x and 4x. Size Q-4x accommodates 6'0," 230 to 256
lbs. I always buy the biggest size on purpose. I have this garter belt specially
made. It's just a belt around my waist with 48 garters in different length. I
want my stockings as high on my body as possible. At the inside of my thigh they
come all the way to my vagina. My pussy lips are tucked inside the stockings. At
my sides the stockings come all the way to my waist. Therefore the garters are
all different. I also make sure the lower parts of my bottom are inside the
stockings. I suspender my stockings as taut as possible. They are stretched to
the limit. I can hardly bend my knees and my toes hurt, but therefore the sound
is incredible. I cross my legs as much as I can. I can't get enough of it. And I
like to sit in the sun or in artificial light because that way the shine is the
best. My girlfriend wears the same stockings, and you should see and hear us
make love. It's like a concert," Yvette said.

She sat down and crossed her legs and I climaxed again. "Why don't you have a
better look at my stockings?" she said. I walked over to her and lay down on my
back. She removed both her shoes and planted her sweaty nylon feet on my face.
The texture of the stockings was indeed as sharp as could be, hurting my skin.
But the acrid odor of her damp nylon feet was overdwelming. Not only were the
sound and the shine of these stockings heavenly, but also the smell. The heady
aroma of Yvette's rank nylon feet was setting my taste buds on fire and I
climaxed again. Yvette lowered her face and french kissed me feverishly. "I Hope
we meet again very soon," she said.

End of part 12




I have a secret in my shoe too
PART 13
Story by Joy Cohaan

My girlfriend Victoria told me one afternoon that she made an appointment with
Lisa and her transvestite girlfriend Brigitte. "Esther, my darling," Victoria
said, "tonight we're having dinner at Lisa's place. I hope you remember her,"
Victoria said. I surely did remember her. A few days after I met Victoria some
twelve months ago Lisa and her girlfriend Brigitte walked into Victoria's shop.
Lisa turned out to be an actress in a porno theater. Because she has the biggest
vagina in the world even a human head can completely disappear into her huge
cunt. That day in Victoria's shop I myself experienced this, so I surely haven't
forgotten it at all. But a lot has changed ever since that day. Nowadays I can
proudly say that Lisa isn't anymore the only woman in the world with a vagina
that can accommodate a human head. The last twelve months I've had a inflatable
dildo in my vagina as well as in my asshole. Every day Victoria makes sure that
the dildos are as big as they can be. On account of that I can have a human head
in my vagina and my ass. We went to Lisa and Brigitte at eight o'clock. To my
great surprise they also invited Yvette, the woman who introduced me the day
before to very special nylons, that have a wonderful sound and a beautiful
sheen.

Lisa and Brigitte are addicted to nylon. They both wear a one piece nylon body
suit that covers them from head to toe. It turned out that they had prepared a
surprise for us, a very special surprise. We discovered five human chairs around
the dinner table. Every human chair was made of five gorgeous women. There were
two different kinds of chairs: two identical chairs for Lisa and me and
identical chairs for Victoria, Yvette and Brigitte. My chair consisted of a
beautiful bald female head to sit on, two beautiful nylon covered legs acted as
the back of the chair and two pair of nyloned legs as adjustable armrests.
"Please sit down," Lisa said to me. I pulled my panties down and sat down on the
beautiful bald female head that belonged to a lady with the name of Stella. The
lady had a tube in her nose which enabled her to breathe after her head had
disappeared into my belly. The moment I sat down her head was inside me. "My
God," Lisa said, "that goes easily. Your vagina must be bigger than mine." I
shifted a little bit because I wanted my full weight to rest on the bald female
head. It went in deeper and deeper until finally my buttocks rested on her
shoulders. My vagina was stretched to the limit. My tight corset protested
against the inside intruder. I sat back and rested my back against the two fully
fashioned nylon legs behind me.

To my surprise I discovered another female head between my legs. With a remote
control I could press the head against my vagina. I guided the head to my clit
and she immediately sucked it inside her mouth. When I sat back the heady aroma
of pungent nylon feet waffled up my nose. I looked around and saw the two pair
of legs that formed the armrests were wrapped in extremely dirty nylons.
"Because I know you're addicted to foot aroma Esther, I made sure you' re
surrounded by legs in very worn stockings. For your benefit I arranged the
armrests in such a way that you can have these funky nylon feet in every way you
like. With the remote control you can guide one of the legs of each armrest to
your face," Lisa said. I did as she suggested and guided two rank nylon feet to
my nose. I stopped them two inches from my nose. Now I had one foot at the right
side of my face and one foot to the left side of my face. The two ladies were
arching their insteps to their maximum potential, pinpointing their sweaty
shrimps directly at my nose.

I bent forward and took one of the feet into my mouth. I rolled the sweaty nylon
toes in my mouth savoring the taste delicacy and inhaling the delectable ped
perfume. My pussy became wet instantly and I started bouncing on the head inside
my belly till I climaxed. "Easy, Esther," Lisa said, "the evening is young."
Lisa sat down opposite me. Victoria, Yvette and Brigitte sat down on their
chairs, which didn't have a female head to sit on because their vagina's aren't
that big. Their seats consisted of human belly. "Let us have a drink first,"
Lisa said. Having said that she operated a remote control. Five pairs of nylon
legs surfaced above the table, each pair beside each of the dinner guests.
Dangling between each pair of the beautiful legs was a transparent straw. All
five of us knew what to do with it. We started sucking on the straws and the
reward was a mouthful of fresh champagne de nature. "Only champagne is good
enough for us," Lisa said. "You don't have to hold back because there is plenty
of it. Each of the "bottles" is filled to the brim," Lisa said.

The table was made of polished glass so I had a beautiful view of all the ladies
sitting around the table. Lisa and Brigitte were dressed in a one-piece 20
denier nylon body suit that covered them from head to toe. Everything Victoria
wore was made out of very worn nylons. Yvette wore her longer than long nylons
that came up to her waist, attached to a garterbelt with 48 garters, and topped
by a 20 denier nylon full-slip and arm length nylon gloves. The whole room
smelled of the heady aroma of very worn stockings. To my knowledge none of these
five ladies ever washes her stockings. Yvette was crossing her nylon legs
constantly as she always does.

"Please be silent everybody and listen to the beautiful noise Yvette's nylons
make," I said. We agreed that her nylons make the best sound in the world. "How
did you get addicted to nylons?" Lisa asked me. I told her my mom and dad used
to play footsie with me when I still was a baby. They were sitting on the couch
and I was down on the carpet. They used their feet to play with me: my dad in
his nylon socks and my mom in her smelly fully fashioned nylons. Ever since then
I was addicted to smelly nylon feet. "And how did you get into the game?" Lisa
asked Yvette. "That is quite a long story," Yvette answered. "You sure you want
me to tell it?" she asked. "Yes!" we all shouted.

"I grew up in Bonneville during the golden age of fully fashioned stockings. As
you probably all know Bonneville used to have a well known hosiery factory. The
only factory in town. My father and my sister worked there and my mother used to
work there after the war. But the fact was that everybody in town worked in the
hosiery factory, and there was never a shortage of stockings in every household
in town. The people of Bonneville were very proud of their factory and there
wasn't a woman not wearing the finest, the most expensive, the sheerest and the
most exciting nylons. And most men loved their work, they were proud of it and
very often talked about it. Every pair of nylon legs they spotted attracted
their attention and just by the look of them they knew what style of stockings
the woman was wearing. They knew everything about the amount of needles used,
the yarn, denier, color shine and sound. For the men the name of the game was
leg-watching, and for the women the name of the game was leg-showing. Needless
to say, this had a huge effect on every child in town. At an early age I already
noticed that men stopped talking when my mother crossed her legs, which she did
frequently.

On Sunday in church all women crossed their legs when the minister finished his
prayer. It seemed that everybody in church waited for this moment, the
excitement was in the air. As a young girl I didn't know what this meant at all,
but I could feel the importance of this moment every Sunday. Although it might
seem different, most people in Bonneville were very prudish. Surely they were
into nylons but they didn't realize back then that it had anything to do with
sexual excitement. Maybe the men did, but surely not the women. On account of
that affect us girls were not allowed to wear nylons till we reached the age of
sixteen. Of course we couldn't wait to encase our bare legs in mysterious
nylons, because a girl without stockings didn't count at all in Bonneville.
Stockings meant womanhood, without them you were just a child. Of course I did
wear my sisters or my mothers stockings, but always in secret. For me stockings
were always easy to find. They were everywhere as a result of a post-war
misunderstanding.

After the war the factory used European perlon to make stockings instead of the
American nylon. They only used it for one year because perlon stockings shrank
when they became wet, but every woman in town had lost a pair trying to wash
them or in the rain. So news was out very fast that nylons couldn't be washed.
This belief didn't die when the factory changed perlon for nylon as a result of
which the women of Bonneville didn't wash their stockings for years and years to
come. But because they didn't want their feet to stink either, they did
everything to keep their stockings and feet as clean as they could. My mother
removed her stockings once a day, washed her feet and put on a "fresh" pair of
worn stockings, most likely the one she had been wearing the day before. To
freshen up the stockings my mother used to hang them in the bathroom, in front
of the open window of her bedroom or outside on a clothesline.

As a result of this all over Bonneville in every household or garden stockings
were hanging everywhere to be cleaned, so for us young girls there was easy
access to all the stockings we wanted to try on. But because the stockings
weren't really cleaned the odor of smelly nylon feet could be smelled ever so
slightly in every room in the house and around every woman wearing nylons in
Bonneville. Because nylons shouldn't become wet the women also did everything
they could to prevent their feet from becoming sweaty. They dressed as lightly
as they could in order not to sweat. My mother always wore open toe high heeled
slippers or open toe high heeled sling backs. In winter she had to wear high
heeled court shoes outside, but when she came home she immediately changed them
for her high heeled slippers. And when it rained most woman didn't cover their
head with an umbrella or a raincoat, but their nylon legs. Because the
reinforcements of the post-war perlon stockings did shrink the most, stockings
with a high and wide black foot were very popular. Because every woman knew that
they couldn't prevent their feet from sweating all the time they preferred to
wear stockings with a high and wide black foot because with those it didn't
matter when they did shrink a little bit.

Another interesting thing in the south of the country back then was that most
women slept in their stockings. They were so prudish that they felt much too
naked without stockings. So they kept them on at night. Nowadays a lot of them
still do, but instead of stockings they wear pantyhose in bed. So you can
imagine that I couldn't wait to become sixteen. On my sixteenth birthday at
eight o'clock in the morning my presents were in front of me on the breakfast
table: two dozen fully fashioned seamed stockings, three pairs of high heeled
slippers and two panty girdles, one white and one pink. I didn't have breakfast
at all because I rushed upstairs to dress. Ever since that day I have always
been wearing nylons, day and night, and my adoration for them hasn't changed at
all. I love the sheen, the sound and the smell, and believe me it isn't just
sex. They belong to me, I can't live without them. They're always in my mind: I
look at them, I feel them, I smell them. And that's why I'm so exited to have
met Esther yesterday. I think she's the only person in the world who shares my
deep love for nylons," Yvette concluded.

Victoria announced that she brought with her ten extremely dirty nylons and
asked everybody around the table if they were interested in having a pair
stuffed into their noses. To my surprise all of the ladies wanted to do it. When
Victoria stuffed a pungent stocking into each of my nostrils I climaxed
immediately. When all five noses were stuffed with five pairs of stockings,
Yvette said: "I want to have the real thing later on. I'm desperately in need of
sniffing Esther's nylon feet." I told her I couldn't wait either, to feast on
her sweaty nylon toes.

But Lisa wanted the others to tell their stories first. "I know how you got into
nylons Brigitte, but I want you to tell your story," Lisa said.

"Because my father died I had to accompany my mother when she went to work."
Brigitte sai, "She worked five days a week from 7:00 am till 10:00 pm in the
canteen of a textile factory. There was nobody else working in the canteen. She
had to make food for the seventy women working the night shift. The women didn't
come in all at once but six at a time. I was a very shy boy at that time. So
when the female workers entered the canteen I hid under the table. I remember my
first day in the canteen vividly. It was October 5th, 1954. All six ladies
removed their shoes once they sat down around the table. The stench was
enormous. That first day I kept my nose pinched shut with my thumb and
forefinger.

After some time I fell asleep. I awakened later that evening with my nose buried
between the damp nylon feet of one of the women. I still didn't like the salty
tang of her sweat, but in one way or another I felt comfortable and secure
between her pungent and moist soles. Her slick and saturated nylon feet felt hot
and squishy and the heady aroma of her aromatic feet was nauseating, but at the
same time the silken embrace of her moist nylon soles made me feel good,
protected and cared for. So the next day I couldn't wait to hide under the table
again and wait for that lady to come into the canteen. But it was impossible to
tell which lady had given me so much comfort the previous day. I checked out
every pair of nyloned feet by examining them and smelling them, but all of them
looked good to me. Not all of the ladies liked me sniffing their acrid toes, so
I was kicked in the face a couple of times, but most of them did enjoy it.

So at the end of the second day I had buried my face in several pairs of nyloned
feet. After that day several ladies reached out for me with their pungent feet
once they were seated around the table. One other important thing happened that
first week. My grandmother had given me a self made doll. The doll was made of
old stockings. Because the doll never left my side day and night, it wasn't what
it used to be anymore. An arm and a leg were missing. When one of the ladies
spotted this doll she promised me she would give me her ruined stockings so that
my grandmother could fix my doll. Within a week all the ladies in the factory
knew they had to give their ruined stockings to me. They didn't hand their
stockings to me but just let them fall under the table when they were having
dinner. After the first week there wasn't one single day I didn't receive at
least one pair of ruined stockings. Most of them very smelly because they didn't
bother to wash them before giving their nylons to me. So I didn't only become
their foot stool but also their stocking disposal boy. Later my mother married
again and stopped working.

In the end I had been hiding under the table for more than four years straight.
Under the same table I had unconsciously had my first sexual experience while
lying on my back with two pungent nylon feet on my face. Very soon after the
first week I started to like the smell of dirty nylon feet and within half a
year I was addicted to nylon foot aroma. A lot of the lady workers enjoyed my
addiction because they liked their feet pampered after standing on them all day
long in the humid factory. They liked me to nibble on their sweaty nylon toes,
to roll their rank nylon shrimps in my mouth, to slip my tongue in and out of
their saturated nylon crevices, to gobble down every tasty morsel of toe cheese,
to slip my tongue between their damp nylon toe cleavage, to snake my tongue
between each pungent-smelling nylon toe. During those four years I collected
more than a thousand pairs of ruined nylons, and I still have every one of them
today. Not only did I become addicted to stockings in my mother's canteen, but I
also didn't want to be a boy anymore.

I couldn't imagine my life not wearing nylons every day, and therefore I became
a girl with a dick," Brigitte concluded. Yvette couldn't wait anymore and walked
over to me. "Let us lie down on the king size mattress upstairs," she said. "I
hope you don't intend to leave as alone," Lisa interrupted. "Of course not,"
Yvette answered. So the five of us went upstairs to lie down on the bed. Yvette
immediately removed my shoes and planted her face in my moist nylon insoles.
Lisa sat down on my face and relieved herself trough her nylon crotch. Brigitte
pushed her nylon covered penis inside Lisa's throat and Victoria snuggled
between my legs to put her head inside my belly. All five of us climaxed within
two minutes with a lot more orgasms to come.

The End




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Joy Cohaan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





