BDSM Library - House on Second Street




House on Second Street
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young woman seeks the One. The One that will take her to the depths of depravity and degradation. She willingly submits herself to him, with the expected results. An extreme story, so go no further if you're queasy.
                                     THE HOUSE ON SECOND STREET





   He gazed at her intently, and it made her shiver, and she knew there was
something inherently sinister about the man, something evil, and she was
fascinated at what might lurk behind his probing gaze. She knew this was the
One, the One she had searched for, and she was drawn to him like a moth to the
flame. She had done this before, met strange men in this very same coffee shop
in the middle of the city, and she had let the conversations take their course
as she searched for the One. The men she met were responding to an ad she had
placed in various places on the internet.

   'White woman, 28, wishes to be degraded and de-humanized by extreme sadist.'
And she gave her e-mail address. She was swamped with responses. Most of them
were in the 'I'll whip you till you bleed, bitch' category, and those she
immediately deleted. A few caught her eye though, and she met them here to see
what they had to say. Most of them were too nice, or seemed to be intimidated by
her looks. Gail was a striking woman, 5'4", 100 pounds, with short-cropped black
hair and huge green eyes that gave her a waif-like look. She had a good figure,
with firm, full breasts and great legs. It only took her a few minutes of
conversation to decide that these men were not the One she sought.

   Gail was normal in all other respects, but deep inside she had this
overwhelming urge to surrender herself to the One she sought. She wasn't even
sure why. She had never engaged in bdsm, had never even been spanked, but the
thought of a wicked sadist hurting her, using her like a piece of meat,
degrading her to the lowest form of humanity, stirred her so strongly that she
was compelled to seek out the One.

   His e-mail had been polite and precise, and he told her that he knew exactly
what she needed, and that he could satisfy the urges that he knew burned inside
her. He told her things about herself that were very true, and she wondered how
he knew. Perhaps he was the One.

   And now as daytime traffic whizzed by in the street, and busy waitresses
bustled past their table, he held her hypnotized by his stare, while he told her
in a low voice the things he would do to her. Her heart began to beat hard in
her chest as he described the whippings, the ropes and clamps, the needles and
skewers that he would use on her. Her crotch began to moisten as he told her
that she was a series of holes to be used, and a body on which to inflict the
most hideous tortures. He smiled at her. He was about fifty, maybe fifty five,
about 5"8" and 200 pounds. He had grey hair and a full grey beard, and he looked
like an older biker.

   "And you want these things, don't you?" he asked softly. "You need them,
don't you?" She found herself slowly nodding,

   "Yes," she said, her voice a weak whisper. She knew she had found him, she
had found the One.

   "Go to the bathroom and remove all your underwear and bring them to me." She
continued to stare into his eyes. "Do it now," he said.

   She forced herself to slide out of the booth, and her legs were trembling so
hard she wasn't sure she could walk, but she managed to make it to the bathroom.
She locked the door with a shaking hand and stood, facing the mirror. It was as
if she were watching somebody else's hands pull the straps of her dress off her
shoulders. The hands pulled the front of her dress down, reached around and
undid her bra and removed it. She stared at her full, perfect breasts for a few
long moments, knowing this would probably be the last time she would see them
unmarked. Her breasts were swollen with her need, and her nipples hardened at
the thought of the tortures to come. Her breasts were hot, and very sensitive as
she pulled the front of her dress back up. Then her hands went under her dress
and hooked the waistband of her panties, and she pulled them down. Her crotch
was hairless, and her panties were sopping wet.

   She gathered her things in one hand and self-consciously exited the bathroom.
She knew people were staring as she sat back down and handed the man her bra and
panties. He stuffed them in his coat pocket and smiled at her.

   "Do you have anyone waiting for you at home?" he asked

   "No, sir," she said quietly.

   "Do you work?" he asked.

   "No, sir."

   "Why not?"  he asked. Gail explained that she had gotten an inheritance and
didn't have to work.

   "So, there's no need for you to return home," he said, more of a statement
than a question.

   "Well, my rent, my bills, my clothes..." she started to say. He stopped her.

   "In a few days, we will return to your house. You will have your mail
forwarded to me, and you will give me your checkbook to pay your bills. You will
only need clothes if you're out in public, which, I must say, will be seldom, if
ever. You will not want to be seen in public," he leered at her. She felt dizzy,
and a flood of moisture seeped from her pussy, soaking through the back of her
dress. She let out a deep breath. Her life was uncomplicated and in order, and
she had always kept it that way, in anticipation of this day. He jotted down
something on a napkin and handed it to her.

   "Be there in one hour," he said, "not before." He stood up and dropped a few
dollars on the table, turned and left without another word. She stared at the
napkin, '1204 Second St.' was all it said.

   She continued to sit in the booth for a few long minutes. She wondered if it
had really happened, it all seemed so surreal. She watched the daytime traffic
whizz by, and she remembered his low voice, speaking to her across the table,
telling her of the tortures that awaited her. She felt her breasts throbbing
with need, and the hot moisture between her naked thighs. Then she looked at the
napkin on the table; '1204 Second St.' No, it was not a dream, it was all very
much real.

   She had to get out of the cafe, she was almost hyperventilating, so she got
in her car and began to drive towards Second Street, circling the blocks, always
just a few minutes from her destination. She knew she could just drive home, and
forget the whole thing, but she also knew that she could not. The need was
great, so great that she trembled at the thought of surrendering her flawless
body to the man, and, she knew that he was the One. He would not be interested
in her thoughts, or her feelings, but would just take her, and use her brutally,
oblivious to her screams and her begging for mercy. The One would take her far,
far beyond that, and that is what compelled her to drive ever closer to his
house.

   She was so distracted, she was afraid she would get in wreck, so she drove
down Second Street and searched out the address. It was an old, two story brick
house, set back from the street, and she parked just a few spaces down from it.
A set of concrete steps led up to the front door, and heavy curtains were drawn
in all the windows. She could feel the evil emanating from the place, and she
felt it envelope her like a cloak. She waited in the car, trying to control her
breathing, until the hour was up.

   Her legs were quivering as she made her way up the steps, and she knocked
quickly on the door. There was no response, so she pushed the doorbell. A buzz
came from somewhere within, and she pushed gently on the door and it swung open.
She stepped into a dimly-lit hallway and the door swung closed behind her, and
she heard a metallic click as it locked. There were closed doors off the main
hallway, and she guessed that it had been an apartment house at one time. At the
far end of the hallway, a door stood open, and she walked towards it, and she
could now see a glow of light through the open door, and she stepped across the
threshold.

  The room was full of overstuffed furniture, and the floor was covered in a
thick layer of dark carpeting. Tall, antique, wooden cabinets lined the room,
and old pictures occupied every vacant spot on the walls. A fire burned in the
fireplace, and it was not at all what she expected.

   "Hello?" she called softly. A high-backed, overstuffed chair spun around and
he was sitting there, just a few feet away. He smiled at her and stood up.

   "Strip," he said, and he watched her as she slipped off her dress and stepped
out of her shoes, standing naked in the room. She felt her nipples harden; she
was in the presence of the One. He took her hand and led her to one of the tall,
wooden cabinets against the wall. Her eyes widened when he opened it.
Assortments of cuffs and chains, collars and gags, hung from pegs inside the
cabinet. Without a word he strapped a ball gag into her mouth and buckled a
thick leather collar around her neck. She stood trembling as he buckled leather
cuffs on her wrists and ankles, and. he snapped a leash on the collar.

   "Hands and knees," he said, and she went down on the thick carpet. "Any place
you go in this house, you will crawl," he said. "You are a worthless piece of
shit, and you will not stand unless I tell you to. Is that clear?"

   She nodded her head and he led her, crawling, out of the room and into the
kitchen. There were dog bowls on the floor. He kicked them with his foot.

   "This is where you will eat, for as long as I keep you on solid food," he
said. He opened a door that led outside to a grassy, fenced yard. "And this is
where you'll shit and piss, for a short time." He led her back into the living
room, and he opened another door and pulled her into the room. "And this is
where you'll be spending most of your time," he said.

  She raised her head and saw a room totally outfitted for torture. He pulled
her to her knees and cuffed her wrists together in front of her. She was next to
a wooden A frame that rose from the floor, a little more than waist high. The
top was the thickness of a two-by-four, and very smooth.

   "Stand up and get on top," he said. She put her cuffed hands on top of the
frame, raising a leg and lifting herself over the top. The hard wooden beam was
directly centered on her slit. The bottom of the frame was lined with eye bolts,
and he pulled her legs down and secured her ankles to the eye bolts with rope.
Then he pulled her cunt lips apart with his hands, allowing the beam to fully
lay in the length of her slit, her full weight pressing down on it. He uncuffed
her hands and pushed her forward on the beam, a breast laying on the wood on
each side of the frame. Her arms were drawn down and her wrist cuffs tied to eye
bolts. She could feel her cunt throbbing already. He turned off the lights and
left the room.

   She laid there in the dark, the pain increasing in her cunt and breastbone.
She had only very limited movement, but moving only seemed to make it worse, so
she tried to lie still, but the throbbing in her cunt was becoming unbearable.
When she thought she couldn't take anymore, she anticipated his return, but he
did not come. She began to feel panic, and she had to fight to remain calm. She
could only breathe through her nose, and she knew if she started crying she
would be in trouble, so she continued to endure as the hours ticked slowly away.

   When the lights came on, she was shaking with unbelievable pain, and long
lines of drool were hanging from the edges of the ball gag. But he did not
release her.

   "Have you ever been fucked in the ass?" he asked calmly. She could hear his
voice, but in her pain-shrouded fog, he sounded far away. She shook her head. "I
didn't think so," he said. She felt a cold lubricant being applied to her
asshole, and then the tip of a flared rubber plug began to spread her. She was
powerless to stop it, and her body screamed in pain as the rubber monster slowly
opened her until the entire girth was swallowed up by her clenching ass muscles.

   She was crying behind the gag now, and snot was hanging from her nose in long
strands. He ignored her, and clamped some toothed, steel clamps to her nipples,
and attached weights to them, her breasts stretched painfully downwards.

   He started with a long leather strap, whipping her over, and over, and over
again. Her cunt juices flowed from her, joining the stains on the wood from the
women that had been there before her. When she could take no more, she thought
she orgasmed, and her mind floated off to a place that she would become quit
familiar with, and the beating continued unabated. She felt the gag being
removed from her mouth. She hadn't even been aware that the beating had stopped,
but now her ass and back started to scream with pain. He stood in front of her
face and lifted her head up by the chin, his erect cock at her mouth.

   "Suck," he said. She took a big, ragged breath and closed her mouth on the
head of his penis, sucking. It was the first cock she had ever had in her mouth,
and he held her head in his hands and began to slowly fuck her mouth.

   "This is what you're for," he told her, "and this what you'll get." She kept
a steady sucking on his cock as it pistoned in her mouth, and as her
pain-wracked body sought relief, she moved on the beam. Her over-heated body
responded to the pressure on her clit, and she started to grunt, sucking his
cock while she rocked her cunt on the wooden beam, and as his sperm erupted in
her mouth, she had a nerve-shattering orgasm, and as she swallowed the hot cum,
she had another.

   When he took her down from the frame, she couldn't have stood up if she had
to. Her cunt was terribly sore and swollen, and she collapsed on her side.

   "You came, slut," he said, "while I was beating you." She knew she did; she
was in the presence of the One.

   He fed her from the dog bowel that evening, and led her naked outside to piss
on the lawn. He led her back to the torture room, and she noticed the heater had
been turned on, and it was very warm in the room. He tied her, laying on her
back, with her head propped up. He produced a long tube with a funnel attached
to one end.

   "Open your mouth," he said. When she opened her mouth he stuck the end of the
large tube into her mouth. "Relax, " he said, "this will go much easier if you
relax." When she felt the tube touch the back of her throat she tensed, and she
couldn't believe it when she felt it pass down her throat as he fed it into her.
She gagged, and her throat tightened on the tube.

   "Let it go in." he said. She tried to relax, and the feeding tube was fed
into her stomach, but the gag reflex was strong, and she unconsciously fought it
all the way. He fed the tube into her until the funnel was up against her lips.
He suspended it from some string that hung from somewhere above her. She was
terrified at the alien feeling of the tube in her throat.

   "You'll get used to it," he said. She felt his hands at her wide-spread cunt,
and she could see and feel him inserting a long catheter tube into her urethra,
feeding it all the way into her bladder. The loose end of the tube went into the
funnel that hung in front of her mouth. He held his cock over the funnel and
released a torrent of hot piss, the dark yellow liquid swirling down the funnel,
and she could feel it filling her stomach. Again, he turned off the lights and
left her alone in the dark. He came back in later and pissed in the funnel
again, and much to her surprise, another man came into the room and added his
piss to the contents of her piss-swollen stomach. She could feel the heat of the
piss as it slowly drained into her, and her nose was assailed with the acrid
fumes.

    They left her alone in the dark. It wasn't long before she felt the urgent
need to pee, but she couldn't....the valve on her catheter was closed. Time
passed and she thought she'd die from the need to piss. Finally he returned, and
he opened the valve on the catheter, and she melted with the feeling of the
massive amount of piss that flowed from her. She was helpless to stop it, and
she saw the tube in front of her filling with her own piss, and she felt her
stomach filling again as her bladder slowly drained. He left the valve open.

   "Goodnight," he said, and he turned off the lights.

   All night long the cycle was repeated. She was powerless to hold her piss,
and her bladder almost constantly drained into the tube that fed back into her
stomach.

   The next morning, he removed the funnel from the tube, but left the tube down
her throat. She was made to kneel, the long catheter tube draped between her
legs on the floor, and she was cropped before the butt plug was removed from
her, and an enema tube was forced up her ass. The bag was a double nozzle setup,
and after she was enemaed five times, she was made to retain four quarts in her
guts. As she knelt on the bathroom floor, the funnel was re-attached to her
feeding tube, and at least three different men came into the room and pissed
down the funnel. She was kept like that for hours, and again she thought she'd
explode with her need to piss, and again her catheter tube was forced into her
feeding tube and the valve released. She was allowed to expel the enema, but she
could see an almost constant stream of her own fluids flowing into her feeding
tube.

   She was taken downstairs and made to lay on her back on a low table, where
she was secured. She was surprised to see a woman there. The woman was naked,
shaved, tattooed and pierced. She was even more surprised to see the One kneel
naked on the floor and let this woman stick an enema nozzle up his ass. But as
the water flowed into him, she began to realize the import of the funnel
sticking out of her mouth.

   When the One had taken his enema, he scooted over to squat over her mouth,
his ass poised over the funnel connected to her feeding tube. The other girl
held her head as he released small amounts of his enema water into the funnel.
She could see the dark liquid flowing through the tube and into her guts. When
the funnel got clogged with fecal matter, the girl pushed it down with a stick,
and the flow continued down her throat until he was completely drained. Then he
enemaed the girl, and she, too, squatted over the feeding tube and delivered
another gutful of shit water into the funnel.

   Needles were inserted through her nipples and her tits were severely cropped.
She was hooked up to an electroshock device and electrocuted. The severe jolts
made her lose control of her bowels, and another tube was run from her ass to
her feeding tube.

   "I have decided to feed you through the tube, or from your enemas" he told
her, and she could see him pouring powdered concoctions into her feeding tube.

   That night she had tubes running from her cunt and ass, and her body fed it's
fluids back down her throat as she laid there, immobilized.

    She was beaten daily, and he now started to take great delight in skewering
her tits, and she  started to take her whippings with large metal skewers
protruding from her tits. Her cunt lips were given saline injections until they
were swollen up to four or five times their normal size.

    She woke up one morning and he was preparing to remove the feeding tube from
her throat. It had been in her so long now that she was quite used to it, and
after he removed it, she felt something was missing, but her throat was very
sore.

   "We are going to your house," he told her. She was dressed in the same
clothes she had arrived in, naked under her short, little dress. The catheter
was visible beneath the hem of her dress, but he made no move to remove it. She
was bustled into his car and they made the drive to her house. When she saw all
of the things that she was so familiar with, they felt totally alien to her. He
made her collect all of her unread mail, and make a list of what bills needed to
be paid, and when. She gave him her checkbook. They stopped by the post office
and she walked in while he watched, the catheter barely visible as she stood at
the counter, forwarding all her mail to his address. She had everyone in the
place staring at her. She was barefoot, with a short dress on, a leather collar
around her neck, and leather cuffs still attached to her wrists and ankles

   When she got back in his car he looked at her.

   "This is your last chance. I can take you back to your house, or I can take
you back to my house, put the tube back in you and feed you. It's your choice."
She looked at him with her doe-eyes.

   "Feed me, Master," she said, and they drove off.

  

   It was at this time that she discovered that there were other women in at
least one other room. When they arrived back at his house, he removed her dress
in the hallway and attached her leash to the collar. As she crawled down the
corridor she noticed that the door to one of the rooms was open, and she turned
her head and quickly glanced in. There, on a low table, a young woman was
strapped down, completely immobilized. She was blindfolded and gagged, and her
knees were spread wide and pulled way back, strapped to the table on each side
of her head. Every inch of her exposed skin was covered with fresh, angry red
welts.  A long, metal skewer pierced each cunt lip, lengthwise, and they were
pulled tightly to the sides and tied to her thighs. Protruding from her cunt was
a huge, lit candle, fully a foot long, and the hot wax was running down the
sides, pooling in the woman's splayed-open cunt.

   "Let me check our guest," he said, and he led her into the room. Gail could
hear a soft, whirring sound, and then she saw the bag. A large bag of water, the
size of a solar shower, hung above the woman's head, and a large diameter tube
extended from the bag and disappeared into the woman's ass, a large inflated
bulb bulging between her welted ass cheeks. In line with the tube was some sort
of an electric pump, and that was the whirring sound she heard. As Gail watched,
the bag slowly deflated and the woman's belly bulged larger and larger. Just
before the bag fully emptied, the pump reversed direction, and with a loud,
sucking sound, the turgid, brown water was sucked out of her guts, refilling the
bag, to be pumped back into her again.

   He led Gail back into the hallway, and as she crawled past the line of closed
doors, she thought she heard moaning in other rooms, too.  When she crawled into
the living room there were three other men there, and they watched silently as
she was positioned, kneeling upright with her back against the wall. She was
securely fastened to the wall, her arms outstretched and her knees widespread,
the catheter laying on the carpet beneath her splayed slit. She wasn't
blindfolded, and through half-closed eyes she could see the seated, clothed men
watching her. Suddenly, it all made sense. She had wondered why the hallway door
was open on their return to the house, and who could have lit the candle in the
cunt of the woman in that room. These men were obviously caretakers of the other
women in the house. But right now, all attention was focused on her.

   She saw the One approach her with the feeding tube, and she automatically
opened her mouth. She could smell tobacco and cologne on his hands, and she
fought her gag reflex as he slowly fed the large tube back down her throat, and
into her stomach. The tube was her only link to nourishment and liquids, and she
welcomed it's reassuring presence. The large funnel was attached to the end of
the tube, and a rubber cord around her head secured the funnel in place. A long
tube was again attached to her catheter and fed down through the funnel. She had
not been allowed to piss all morning, and her need was great, and as he opened
the catheter valve, she felt her bladder emptying, and her stomach filling. He
re-closed the valve. He next produced a pint jar, full of a thick, milky
substance. One of the men asked him what it was.

   "It's a new feeding mixture," he told them. " I've decided to take her off of
solid food, but I've been concerned about her nourishment. I think this should
work well. A friend of mine owns a dog kennel, and he has been having his
dog-slave milk the cum from some of the dogs, and save it for me in this jar.
That should be enough protein, and I've mixed in a large amount of complex
vitamins that I found at a health food store. It takes a few days to refill the
far, but I think this should last her awhile." The men all complimented him on
his ingenuity. He unscrewed the lid.

   "Hungry?" he asked her. She gave a barely perceptible nod, and he tilted the
jar, the mucous-like substance slowly disappearing down the tube. She could feel
the thick, cold mixture of dog cum and vitamins filling her stomach, and she
fought retching; she knew the mixture would keep her alive. He lowered the empty
jar, and unzipped his pants, pulling out his flaccid cock. He hosed the sides of
the jar down with hot, yellow piss, strings of dog cum floating about in the
steaming liquid, and he emptied the jar down her feeding tube. She was now quite
full.

   When she had been crawling, she had been able to see her dangling tits, and
they were sore and bruised, from beatings and from the skewerings. Her mind now
flashed back to the scene in the coffee shop bathroom, when she had gazed at the
beauty of her flawless tits for the last time. One of the men rolled a small
cart up to her, and she saw alcohol, syringes, skewers and bottles of clear
liquid in various sizes. Her stomach knotted in fear and her breathing
quickened.  The man smiled at her and pulled the catheter tube out of the
funnel, and removed the funnel from her feeding tube, the tube protruding a few
inches out of her mouth. She could now see clearly, with the funnel not blocking
her vision, and she wasn't blindfolded, so they obviously wanted her to see what
they were doing to her.

   The valve on her catheter was opened until the tube was full of her piss,
then closed again. The man knocked a few inches of piss out of the tube, and he
picked up a small bottle of liquid from the cart and carefully filled the tube,
attaching it to something that resembled a hand-held tire pump.

   "We better plug her, in case she loses it," the man said, and a large butt
plug was shoved up her ass.  

   "This might hurt a little," he said, and he pumped the handle. The yellow
piss began to disappear back up into her, followed by the few inches of clear
liquid. Another pump, and she could feel her bladder re-filling, the block of
clear liquid disappearing from view, then another pump, and she pictured the
block of clear fluid slowly making it's way toward her bladder. She tensed, and
her whole body shook as she awaited what she knew would come.

   It started as a warm, burning sensation that slowly spread, intensifying
gradually. The man closed the valve and removed the pump.

   "Any second now," he said, to no one in particular. Her eyes widened in her
head as the fire in her bladder grew.

   "Ahhhhhgggg," she gargled, around the tube in her throat. The pain turned
white-hot, and she was powerless to stop it, and she screamed, the sound a
hoarse rasping in her throat. Her tits were being swabbed with alcohol, and her
mind barely registered the sight of a syringe being filled with the same hideous
liquid that burned inside her, and injected into her tits, first one, and then
the other. The same burning sensation began to grow in her tits, and she knew
she couldn't endure it, but endure it she did, bucking in her bonds at the
insane pain that consumed her. The syringe was refilled, and her labia were
injected, swelling them grotesquely with the burning fluid, and in her mind she
laughed insanely; this could not possibly continue.

   She drifted in and out of consciousness, the waking moments sheer hell, the
unconscious moments a sort of peaceful bliss. The burning pain soon brought her
back to reality, and she saw another syringe, a much larger one, being filled
from a large bottle. It was as if she was watching a movie as she saw the needle
inserted into her tit, and watched the plunger go down, forcefully filling her
tit with fluid, swelling it to twice it's normal size. The fluid pumped into her
tit was soothing the insane fire, and had she been able to speak, she would have
begged for more. Another huge syringe full was pumped into her other tit, and
the fire in the swollen balloons on her chest began to die down.

   The soothing liquid was pumped into her labia, the lips now the size of small
water balloons, but the fire was dying. She shuddered in eager anticipation as
her catheter tube was filled with the fluid, and the pump attached. As the pump
slowly pushed the fluid up into her, she would have gladly fallen on her knees
and swore her undying love to the man, if he would just, oh god, please, pump
the soothing fluid into her. Never, ever, had she felt such relief as the fire
in her bladder was slowly extinguished, and she felt her body begin to relax.
Then he picked up a paddle and started to smack the swollen orbs on her chest.

   Over and over, her hugely swollen tits danced under the paddle, rekindling
the fire that had so recently been extinguished.

   'No, please god, not again,' she thought, but the fire only rose to a
tolerable level, and she was actually grateful that the insane fire would not
return, and she accepted the level of pain as she watched the paddling of her
tits continue. The riding crop to her obscenely bulging labia was harder, much
harder, the sickening sound of the leather tip on wet, swollen flesh loud in the
room, but when she knew that the pain would not reach, or exceed, the level she
had experienced earlier, she could almost relax as her cunt was whipped.

   She realized that the beating had stopped, and she tried to focus, but could
not. There was a roaring sound in her ears, and her vision came through a fuzzy,
red glow, and her body screamed in a constant cry of sharp, burning pain. She
was vaguely aware of rope being tied around her tits, but the horrible,
throbbing pressure soon made her keenly aware of it. She saw the man put on a
pair of rubber gloves, and he picked up four sharp, metal skewers and swabbed
them with alcohol.

   She stared at them in disbelief. He surely couldn't do that to her now, she
had been through hell, he just couldn't. Her bound tits were a combination of
red, purple and black and blue; huge swollen things that throbbed, bulging on
her chest. She held her breath, feeling, and seeing the indentation on the side
of her breast as he put pressure on the end of the meat skewer. She released her
breath and drew in another one. The indentation grew bigger, and her body tensed
as she tried in vain to pull her tit away from the pressure. She watched, in
total disbelief, as the skin yielded and the metal point punctured through the
wall of her bulging tit.

   Gurgling sounds came from her throat and her feeding tube, and she felt the
skewer sliding through the mass of her tit, a steady stream of clear liquid
drooling from the entrance wound. The point reached the other side of her tit,
and the tip of the skewer could be plainly seen pushing the skin out from the
inside. Her breathing was ragged, and she gave out a little high-pitched sound
as the metal tip burst through her tit wall, followed by another trail of clear
liquid.

   She watched in despondent horror as he grabbed the ends of the skewer and
hefted the weight of her tit off her chest. Again with utter disbelief, she
watched her other swollen tit pierced by a skewer, and she was amazed that it
didn't explode when the tip pushed through, but it did not, just the slow
trickle of fluid through the puncture wounds.

  She heard them talking about another set of skewers, and she was overcome with
a deep sense of utter despair. She wanted to cry, but it was hard enough to
breath with the tube down her throat, and she knew she could not cry. Instead,
she calmed her breathing, and came to grips with the reality of what was
happening. The actual skewering of her tits was remarkably painless, nothing
like the fire that had burned them earlier, or the pain of having them injected,
paddled and bound. It was just seeing the bulging, throbbing, discolored mounds
of flesh being skewered that got to her. Just when she had calmed herself down,
the man took a cotton swab drenched in alcohol and swabbed her swollen,
fluid-filled labia.

   "NOOOOO!" her brain screamed, but her throat just hissed, and the tube
gurgled, and he pinched the huge mound of out-turned flesh and ran a skewer
through the soft skin, entering her cunt lip from the bottom, pushing it through
until it emerged from the top. Totally unmindful of her straining body, and the
horrible noises coming from her throat, he skewered the other side. She could
see the skewers impaled through her tits, and she could see the tips of the ones
through her cunt lips, pointing up at her.

   The men made cocktails and sat by the fireplace, watching her squirm,
commenting on the almost total lack of blood. She heard the One agree that
pumping her full of saline before the skewering was a good idea, and that it
would be standard procedure from here on out.

   "Now might be a good time to do her nose," one of the men commented.

   "You're probably right," the One said. He set his glass on the table, got up
and walked in front of her, picking a leather punch up off the cart. She pleaded
with her eyes, 'please don't do this,'. He pushed her head back against the
wall, holding her tightly, his hand pressed against her forehead. He centered
her septum between the jaws of the punch tool, and squeezed the handles.

   The crunch of the cartilage was like a gunshot in her head, and her mind
failed to comprehend what had just been done, until he took an alcohol-soaked
swab, twisted it up and inserted it through the freshly-punched hole. There was
very little blood, but the alcohol smell was overwhelming, and her nose stung
terribly. She was aware of the funnel being placed in her feeding tube, and she
smelled piss, and she heard the funnel filling and felt the hot liquid filling
her stomach. The men all used the funnel, one after the other, and her stomach
bulged with piss.

   She was aware of the funnel being removed, and again hands swabbed her tits
with alcohol, and again skewers punctured her tits, this time from the bottoms
up, the sharp tips pointing right at her face. They left her like that, and it
took her awhile to realize that she was alone in the room. In a few minutes, she
heard a woman screaming from down the hall.



   She awoke sometime the next day, strapped down to a metal table. She was
aware that her stomach tube was still in place, and the butt plug had been
removed from her ass. Her Master had attached long ropes to her ankle cuffs and
pulled them tight to the wall behind her head. He pulled her knees back
alongside her head, and strapped them in place to the table. 

   She could see that her tits were horribly bruised, but the swelling had gone
down, and she couldn't see her labia bulging up from between her legs, so she
assumed that the swelling there had receded, also. The catheter was still in
her, and the drain tube disappeared over the edge of the table. Her bladder
throbbed horribly, but she gave it a little squeeze, and piss flowed through the
tube and she heard it dripping into a bucket below her. She could see a big,
gold ring laying on her cheeks, the ends of which had been pushed through the
new hole in her septum, and the ends soldered together. Hanging ominously above
the foot of the table was the huge bag of water that she had seen before.
Between her strapped-down legs was the tubing and the pump.   

    The table she was on was hinged, just under the small of her back, and the
end piece was dropped, leaving her up-turned ass hanging over the end. The
tubing was capped with a long, flexible, plastic head, full of large holes. This
one was about two feet long, but a table next to her held heads of varying
lengths; some longer, some shorter. An inflatable bulb graced the tubing where
it met the attached head. She had seen the pump and bag in action on the woman
down the hall, and it terrified her, and she began to gasp, 'please, no, please,
no.'  He ignored her pitiful pleas, and he picked up the long tube and greased
it, and the bulb, thoroughly. Another man entered the room just as he was
feeding the large nozzle into her ass. About a foot of the nozzle disappeared
into her hole, but he couldn't get any more into her.

   "Hand me that bucket over there," he told the man. He turned the pump on, and
a soft chug, chug, chug, of the pump could be heard as water was pumped into
her. Only a few quarts entered her before water began to squirt out of her ass.
She couldn't believe the horrible feeling of her guts forcefully expanding, and
she knew they had only just begun. He turned off the pump and pulled the nozzle
from her ass, and a torrent of black water and shit filled the bucket. 

   "Look at that, just from dog cum and vitamins," the One said in amazement. He
forced the nozzle back into her ass, the head now three quarters of the way in,
and he pumped another half gallon or so of water into her, and the other man was
there to catch it with the bucket when he pulled the nozzle back out.

   "That should do it," the One said. He wormed the head of the plastic nozzle
back into her, and he encountered some resistance just as the inflatable bulb
was passing through her anal ring. She was groaning , but he kept a hard, steady
pressure on the nozzle until the entire length of it disappeared into her ass.
Holding it in place, he fully inflated the rubber bulb, locking two feet of
porous plastic in her intestines. He replenished the water in the bag and put
his finger on the pump switch. The other man pulled a vial of clear liquid out
of his pocket.

   "Do you want this in there now?" he asked the One. She tensed, breaking out
in a cold sweat at the thought of the horrible, burning liquid going into her
body.

   "Not just yet," he replied, and he turned on the pump. At first she just felt
a very queer sensation as the water began to fill her, then suddenly she felt a
cramp, and an overwhelming need to expel. The water pumped in relentlessly.  Her
eyes widened, and she was cramping horribly, yet the water continued to fill
her, expanding her colon and her intestines. Her stomach bulged dramatically,
pushing tightly against her drawn-back thighs.

   "Pull her stomach tube," the One told the man," when the water gets forced
into her stomach, she'll puke". She just stared in wide-eyed horror as the long
tube was pulled up from her stomach, and she was suddenly seized with an
overwhelming wave of nausea as the water breached her intestinal tract and was
indeed being pumped into her stomach. She retched, and her Master turned her
head to the side, as a column of brown, foamy water erupted from her mouth. He
turned off the pump. Again she vomited, and again.

    "Now I know she's totally full, and I can set the pump to reverse at this
volume level," the One explained to the man, making an adjustment to the pump
and turning it on. The pumped churned, and foamy water appeared in the tube, and
they could see that the water was being sucked from her, bubbling back up in the
bag. She just laid there in horrified helplessness as the massive amount of
water was sucked back out of her. Her stomach muscles quivered visibly, and the
pain was intense, as organs that had been so hugely swollen, now contracted.
When all of the water had been sucked from her, her whole body collapsed with
the relief from the intense stress. The water in the bag churned and bubbled as
the pump reversed direction, and she felt herself filling again.

   "Please," she cried, her voice a faint rasping sound, "please, no more. I
can't take any more, please" she begged, and she started to wail, a haunting,
pitiful wail that fell on deaf ears. They watched her stomach start to swell
again.

   "She shouldn't puke this time," the One said, "but we'll make sure. The pump
will do 12 circulations an hour. That will give us time to check on our other
guests. We'll give her the burn treatment when we get back." The other man
smiled, toying with the vial of clear liquid. They waited until the pump
reversed direction again, and this time she didn't vomit-she just continued her
pitiful moans. The men left the room, turning off the light, leaving her alone
in the dark as the pump churned on and on.

   Even in her agony she kept a mental count of how many times the pump changed
directions, because she knew they would return after 12, and the man had the
abominable vial. When the light came on, she started to shake, and an
involuntary squirt of piss shot through the catheter, draining into the bucket
below her.

   "NO!" she rasped, "NO! NO! NO! NO! NO!" The man uncapped the vial and opened
the cap on the bag.

   "How much?" the man asked.

   "That's a lot of water," the One replied, "use the whole thing." She strained
and bucked against her restraints. Just a small syringe full had caused her
ungodly pain, and now a whole vial was going to be pumped into her guts. The
pump was filling her at the time.

   "Wait until the water level goes all the way down," he said, "that'll let it
get mixed up good." They watched the level of the brown, foamy water steadily
drop in the bag. She gave up fighting her restraints and just sobbed, awaiting
her fate. When the pump began to churn, changing directions, the man dumped the
vial into the bag, and held the empty vial up for her to see. They watched her
tremble and sweat, her eyes rolling back into her head in fear of the pain to
come. The Master stood by her head, smoothing her hair.

   "It's almost time, sweetheart," he said soothingly, as the water level in the
bag rose close to the top.

   "Please don't do this," she rasped, "I beg you in the name of God." The pump
churned again, changing direction. He pushed a strand of hair off of her
sweat-beaded forehead.

   "Even God can't help you now," he said, and the chemical-filled water started
it's journey into her guts. She felt the first burning sensation down low in her
guts, and she could follow it's progress as it filled every inch of her insides.
Then it grew, and grew, and exploded into fire, and she screamed and screamed
and screamed, but her voice was long gone.

   It wasn't a cane, but more of a thin, fiberglass rod that he picked up. He
cut the backs of her up-turned thighs, the wicked sounds of the rod cutting
through the air inter-mixing with her hoarse screams. Her tits were flattened
against her chest by her knees, but it didn't prevent the other man from pushing
metal skewers through the sides of them, and that's just what he did. She was
beyond caring-she was lost in a world of white-hot pain, an all-encompassing
world that consisted solely of burning nerve endings. The fiberglass rod
continued to welt the backs of her thighs and her buttocks, but she couldn't
even tell. She was vaguely aware of the ball gag being strapped back into her
mouth, and of the light being turned off, and again she was left alone, to
confront the fiery demons inside her, and when she finally quit moaning, the
only sounds in the room were the chugging of the pump and the dripping of piss
into the bucket from her catheter tube.

   She didn't know it, but she went through another full 12 circulations of the
pump. Her mind was on hold, lost in a tunnel of white-hot light. At some point
she was aware that they were back in the room, and the One's assistant was
dumping a beaker of liquid into the bag. Again the One soothed her head.

   "It's almost over," he said, and she started to feel the fire recede as the
neutralizing solution was pumped into her. Slowly, very slowly, the fire was
extinguished, and she felt her body begin to relax, and then collapse, and she
was as limp as a rag doll. The nozzle was deflated and pulled from her ass, and
she was drained into a bucket. The bag was re-filled with cool, clean water, and
the nozzle was re-inserted long enough to pump 2 cycles of rinse water through
her.



    She was totally surprised that she woke up-in her dreams she was dead-but
she did wake up, and she had no idea how long she had been unconscious. She was
on a bed, on her back, her wrists secured to bars at the head of the bed. She
wanted to look down at her body, but a chain ran from her new nose ring to where
her wrists were secured, and she couldn't look down. She saw another jar of the
thick, milky combination of dog cum and vitamins sitting on a table next to the
bed. The feeding tube had been removed from her throat.

   She was ravenous, and very thirsty. She could see her catheter tube
disappearing over the side of the table, and she assumed that she had been
draining freely. He walked into the room.

   "You're awake, good, let's get you fed," he said. "I've decided to let you
drink this, rather than force it into you," he said, pointing to the jar. She
shook her head as best she could.

   "Nooo," she rasped, "let me die, please." He laughed out loud.

   "Let you die?" He laughed again. "But you have only just begun," he said. "I
will not bother being nice to you again," he told her as he crossed the room,
the feeding tube in his hand. He forced her mouth open , her tongue clamped down
with his thumb. He fed the tube back down her throat, all the way into her
stomach, and he attached the funnel and emptied the jar of slimy dog cum into
her guts. Again he pissed in the jar and emptied the jar into her feeding tube.

   "I'm going to keep you alive for a long, long time," he told her. " This is
what you wanted, and this is what you'll get, and now it doesn't matter if you
want to or not...it's much too late for that. You had your chance to choose, and
you chose this," he told her. She dimly remembered her peaceful apartment, her
simple, uncomplicated life, and she thought of that day in the coffee shop when
she had decided to surrender her body to him. And she remembered the day in his
car, when she could have just returned home, but instead she had told him, 'Feed
me, Master' , and now, he had.



   She was so horribly sore that she couldn't move, and for the next two days
she stayed chained to the bed, sucking off a succession of strangers that passed
in and out of the room. She was so terribly hungry that she relished swallowing
cum, and she only wished she could get more and more of it. Finally she was
deemed well enough to crawl, and she was made to kneel, unbound, while the pump
nozzle was snaked into her ass, and she had to voluntarily endure 12 cycles of
the pump. The One liked the pump, because after a session with it, the girls
could go for days without needing an enema to clean out whatever fecal matter
was formed by their diet of cum and vitamins.

   She was led into the main room by her nose ring. They had a new girl there, a
beautiful young blonde haired, blue-eyed girl. She was naked, and her body was
white and fair, thin-waisted, with full, firm tits, tipped with tight, pink
nipples. She had an angelic face, framed by her long, blonde hair, and her body
was as yet unmarked, and she had obviously been crying.  Gail couldn't remember
ever seeing a more beautiful girl, and she was now in the hands of these extreme
sadists.

   Her hands were cuffed behind her back, and a short chain connected her ankle
cuffs, and when she saw the naked, horribly bruised Gail led into the room by
her nose ring, she started to cry again, her body shaking with huge sobs. The
One gagged her, and then he began to explain to some new arrivals the story
about his latest acquisition.

   "A runaway," he said, "from Kansas, if you can believe the quaintness of
that. A friend of mine picked her up at the bus station. He bought her a meal
and she spilled out her whole story. She's been gone for a month, hitching rides
across the country, and she was trying to hit my buddy up for bus fare home. He
told her he had some money at his house, and she went with him, and here she is.
Good thing some pimp didn't pick her up!" he said loudly, and the room erupted
in laughter. He ran his hands over her lush body, and she trembled, her face
burning red with fear, shame and embarrassment.

   "She's no virgin, but real close-some farm boy in St. Louis banged her on the
way out here, I guess. But I'll bet we show her some new things," and laughter
rang out again. He put a black, fabric hood over her head, and tied it around
her neck. Her ankles were unchained and tied to a spreader bar. A squirt of
involuntary piss dribbled from her, and she was immediately catheterized and the
valve closed. She had a patch of neatly trimmed blonde pubic hair, and that was
removed. Two men held her arms while her beautiful, firm tits were bound, and
they immediately began to discolor. There was a waist-high spanking horse in the
room, and pairs of hands bent the terrified, blubbering girl over it, and her 
wrists were uncuffed and fastened to the legs of the far side of the horse.

   A leather strap was used on her first, and after a dozen or so blows, one of
the men commented on how nicely she marked.

   "Yes, she does mark well. Hand me that crop," he said. He cropped her across
the shoulders, under her armpits and down the lengths of her extended arms. Then
down her ribs and her flanks, and down the sides of her legs, and the tops of
her feet were cropped, and everywhere the crop bit her it left angry, red weals
on her flawless white skin. Her back was next, a slow, methodical whipping that
covered almost every square inch of skin. Then the backs of her thighs were
cropped, until the only white skin visible was her quaking ass cheeks. Snot from
the hysterical, shaking girl had soaked through the hood, and a thick string of
it hung down to the carpet.

   While she was being cropped, the cart with the syringes and vials was wheeled
in. The One picked up the same large butt plug that had been used on Gail, and
he greased it up, and fingered some lubricant into the girl's tight asshole. He
worked the tip into her hole, and with steady, constant pressure, he inserted
the big, flared plug completely into her ass without pause. She was straining to
stand on her toes and her ass cheeks were clenching, as she tried to accommodate
the painful invader in her virgin asshole. Then the paddling began, and every
man in the room took a turn, the girl's ass cheeks dancing under scores of
blows, until her ass was deeply red, and blistered.

   Gail didn't feel any emotion towards the girl, she was just glad it wasn't
happening to her. She still knelt on all fours, close to the girl, and a man
knelt behind her and dropped his pants, grunting as he worked his cock into
Gail's asshole. He pulled out of her ass and scooted around to her face, and she
greedily sucked him into her mouth, sucking and swallowing every drop of life
sustaining protein. Another cock probed her cunt, and as she absorbed his
erection, it dawned on her that this was the first time she had been fucked
since she had been there, and she orgasmed quickly. He did not let her drink his
sperm though, and she was dismayed as he pumped his semen deep inside her.

   The man she referred to as 'The Keeper of the Vials' was filling a small
syringe. Gail couldn't believe that they would inject this young, innocent girl
with the burning chemical right off the bat, but the man held up the girl's
catheter tube, and let it fill with her piss to about an inch from the end. He
filled the rest of the tube up from the syringe, and attached the hand pump to
it. The One removed the girl's hood and gag, and she gulped air like a marathon
runner.

   "Do not say a word," he warned her. "All we want out of your mouth are
screams," he said. and he nodded at the man with the pump, and slowly the piss
and the clear liquid disappeared into the girl. And scream she did, long,
piercing, heartbreaking screams that shattered the air as her bladder burned
with fire.

   Gail was led from the room by her nose ring, and taken down the hall, the
screams still echoing through the house. There were four doorways open now, and
Gail saw that they were all occupied by bound women. She was led into one of
them.

   "Stand up," she was told. She stood on shaky legs; it had been days since she
had stood upright. The girl on the table was young, and she was trussed up just
as Gail had been, and the anal pump was working in the girl's guts. Her upturned
ass was unmarked, and Gail guessed that she, too, was a recent arrival. The girl
was gagged, and she looked at Gail with terrified, pleading eyes. Gail guessed
that she had just completed her first 12 cycles with the pump. She was right.
She was handed a small vial.

   "When the water gets to it's lowest level, dump that in the bag." Gail
remembered how terrified she been when the vial had been emptied into her bag,
and she almost felt sorry for the girl, but when the water in the bag got to
it's lowest level, and the pump reversed direction, she dumped the vial into the
bag without another thought. She watched the girl intently as the bag slowly
filled, and she was fascinated with the look of abject terror in the girl's
eyes. She continued to stare into her eyes as the pump reversed, and began to
pump the chemical back into the girl's guts. She felt an evil thrill as the pain
registered in the those eyes, and she knew that she had played a part in the
torture, and rather than disgust her, she reveled in the participation.

   She was led into three more rooms, and three more times she dumped vials of
chemicals into the bags of trussed up, helpless women., and she realized that
she was sexually excited. When they got back into the main room, the blonde girl
was tied on her back. The burn agent had been injected into her tits and labia
already, and they were just letting her burn for awhile before the neutralizing
agent was injected. She was beyond screaming, and her tongue lolled from her
slack-jawed mouth. When it was finally injected, Gail could see the girl's body
relax in relief. The girl was forced to stand, and tied to a cross on the wall,
and her bound tits were purple, and bulging with fluid.  Gail was again told to
stand. The Keeper of the Vials was swabbing a set of skewers with alcohol, and
when he finished, he swabbed the girl's bulging tits. The man smiled an evil
smile at Gail and handed her a skewer. The blonde girl got the gist of what was
about to happen to her, and she struggled mightily, but to no avail.

   Gail took the skewer with a sense of awe, and held it lightly against the
side of the girl's tit. She watched, transfixed, as the soft skin indented under
the point. The girl was blubbering, and begging her not to do it, and Gail was
seized with a feeling of sadistic lust, and she pushed hard on the skewer, and
she felt a shot of moisture seep from her cunt as she watched the skewer
penetrate the girl's tit, and slowly slide through the meaty part of the tit.
When it pressed against the other side, she didn't hesitate, and she pushed it
right on through. The man smiled and handed her another one, and she skewered
the girl's other tit with sadistic glee. The girl was skewered six times, and
Gail did them all. 

   She was chained to her bed that night, and she felt moisture seeping from her
slit. She couldn't remember ever having been so sexually keyed up, and she knew
it had to with participating in the torture of the young girl. She distinctly
remembered her own hands pushing the skewers through the girl's tits, and she
lusted to feel them yield under her hands again. As if in answer to her
thoughts, the One entered her room, naked and erect. He had never fucked her,
and she quivered at the thought of taking his erection into her wet, needy cunt.
He untied her limbs and knelt between her spread legs. He put his cock to her
cunt lips, pressing the head into her.

   "Do you know what you are?" he asked her.

   "Yes, Master," she said, savoring the feel of his cock head in her cunt.

   "Tell me," he said.

   "I'm your whore, Master," she said.

   "What are you for?" he asked her.

   "I'm for your pleasure, Master," she whispered. "Whip me, fuck me, use me,
hurt me, please, Master," she gasped, her hips rocking on the bed.

   "You are Satan's whore," he said. "And you will burn in Hell, because you are
truly evil, like me," he said.

   "Yes, Master," she replied.

   "I will let you torture her more in the future. Would you like that?" he
asked her, sinking his cock into her gripping cunt.

   "Oh, yes Master, please," she gasped, exploding into a series of wild
orgasms. He pulled out of her and scooted up, his cock sliding between her lips,
and she held him in her mouth, pulling him into her throat by his ass while she
greedily suck the cum from his balls. He chained her back to the bed and left
her.



   The torturing of the young girl continued unabated, and Gail now joined in,
gleefully skewering the girl, injecting chemicals into her, whipping her in a
frenzy of lust. She even welcomed her own torture now, pushing the plunger of
the syringe into her own catheter, and injecting her own tits, her cunt drooling
with the juices of orgasm as she rutted with her pain.

   The One was having trouble getting enough of a supply of the dog cum to feed
his girls, and he began to have men bring dogs to the house. Gail and the blonde
girl now sucked their nourishment straight from the dogs, sometimes three and
four a day, each. The girl was coming along nicely. After a few days on the
pump, she took her chemical injections without resistance, and Gail liked to
stare into the girl's eyes while she injected her tits and labia with the
diabolical burn agent. The girl's tits were now a mass of bruises and scars from
repeated skewerings, and Gail now had the girl taking up to ten skewers at once.

   Gail was now allowed to walk about the house at will, and she went from room
to room, a bag of skewers in one hand, a bag of syringes in the other, and the
girls, hooked to their anal pumps, absolutely dreaded to see her appear. She was
much more cruel than the men, and quite insane.

    The young blonde followed Gail into madness, due, in a large part, to Gail's
now-unrestrained torture of the girl. She submitted to every cruel torture that
Gail could come up with, and Gail soon had the girl injecting herself with
double doses of the burn agent, quickly injecting her catheter tube, tits and
labia, then as the drug began to burn, lie on the floor while Gail beat her
unmercifully with anything at hand. The girl's tits were frequently subjected to
electrocution and cigarette burns, while the chemicals burned her from the
inside. Gail sometimes had to be pulled away from the girl, frothing at the
mouth, as she beat the girls horribly tortured tits.

   The blonde girl began to waste away, and the One put video surveillance
cameras on the two girls. The dogs were brought into a small room, two at a
time, and the girls knelt under them, sucking their nourishment from the panting
animals. He discovered that Gail would constantly kick the girl away, holding
her at bay, while she greedily sucked both animals off herself. Gail was chained
up for three days, allowing the blonde girl full access to the six or eight dogs
that came to the house daily. Gail was only fed vitamins, and the semen from the
men that wished to feed her.  

   Gail now took her turns on the pump without being restrained, fingering her
cunt and begging for the vial to be dumped into the bag. Today they inserted the
nozzle into her womb, and experimented with pumping air bubbles into her,
causing her excruciating pain. Then the bag was filled with water and burn
agent, and her womb was pumped full. Had she not already been insane, this would
have done it to her, and her screams echoed through the house for an hour; 12
cycles of the pump. Even the blonde girl, who was by now inurred to extreme
pain, collapsed in fear when she was told she was next. She was first forced to
pour the chemical agent into the water that was pumped into Gail's womb, and
made to witness her hour of agony. Then she was dragged, kicking and screaming,
up onto the table, and her womb was also pumped full of burn agent.

   Both girl's were now sexually used much more frequently. They were laid on
the floor of the main room, unrestrained, and whipped unmercifully, by any and
all that wished to whip them. Then their tits were injected, and the skewers
were run through their burning tits. The men enjoyed fucking the skewer-impaled
girls, as they writhed in agony on the floor.

   The girls' insanity started to become a liability, and indeed, Gail almost
escaped out into the street one day as someone else entered the house, and it
was decided that it was time for them to take their last injections. Just before
Gail was led into the room for her final shots, the One had her sign papers that
deeded her house and assets to him, and she joined the blonde girl, already
strapped in place. Both girls wondered out loud why they were only given shots
in the arm. After the injections, there were some long minutes of groaning
coming from the room, but soon all was quiet.

   Back in the main room, two young , naked girls stood bound and terrified in
front of the assembled men.

   "Now," the One told the men, "let me tell you about our latest acquisitions."

    



                                    End...House on Second Street




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  J.


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





