BDSM Library - The Substitute




The Substitute
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Teacher got humiliated, raped and bound.
THE SUBSTITUTE (PART I)

I just started my first teaching job as a substitute teacher at the local high
school. It was April and the teacher I replaced was away on maternity leave, or
so they said. Anyway, this meant that I would be completing the year through the
end of June. The first week or two went very well and I seemed to get along with
everyone at the school, except for the school nurse Carlene Larkin. She always
gave me dirty looks and got sarcastic when I tried to speak with her as if she
resented me somehow. I don't know why, after all what did I do to her? We never
even met before I took this job. She seemed very close to one of the school aids
Stephanie Marsh, who is also the mother of one of my students, Todd. Carlene and
Ms. Marsh always seemed to be hanging out together. They were almost always
together at lunch and break such that they were rumored to be lovers.

Neither Carlene nor Ms. Marsh was attractive. Carlene was a very heavy woman
with long thin chestnut hair that fell below her shoulders. She had a very large
chest and a lot of fat on her body, with an especially large ass and huge
thighs. Her breasts, while appearing quite large, also seemed fairly firm and
her skin appeared smooth. Her face wasn't too fat and had some fair features
that made her look almost attractive if she lost some weight.  Even though she
was large she still had a bit of an hour glass shape between her waist and hips
(probably because her bottom was so large). She was also fairly tall at about
5'9". Ms. Marsh on the other hand had no fair qualities about her. She was also
very fat, mostly at the belly. However, she had no sign of an hourglass shape
and her skin was full of ripples. Her large breasts seemed to hang to her belly
and she stood about 5'5".  She had a pug type face with short dark brown hair
parted in the middle, almost like a man's style. She also sported a tattoo on
her right arm, but I could never seem to make out what it was. Oh, by the way,
I'm Jennifer. I'm 5'7", 120lbs, with dark brown hair to my shoulders (bob
style). I have a 34b chest (perky and a little banana shaped), 29" waist, and
35" hips. I'm fairly petite and I'm told that I'm quite attractive.

Anyway, my ordeal started on a beautiful April day, the first warm sunny day of
Spring. I decided to wear something that would go with the season. So, I dressed
in my pink Victoria's Secret strapless lace bra with matching panties and
garter. I was a little unsure about wearing a garter to school, but I was
confident my pink beaded silk dress would cover it sufficiently.  I finished the
look with a pair of nude stockings and my 3" pink pumps. I wanted to wear my
open toed shoes but that would mean no stockings, which kind of defeated the
purpose of the garter. I felt very sexy walking into school that day and knew
quite a few guys were checking me out. The morning seemed to be going on as
usual when I noticed that Ms. Marsh and Carlene were giving me strange looks in
the teacher's lounge. Later I noticed them in the hall speaking with Todd,
almost as if they were conspiring something. But I was feeling too good to let
their little antics spoil my mood.

During my fourth period class I noticed Todd was very disruptive to the class
and calling out rude remarks about my dress and the way I looked. Todd was an
average looking boy with dark brown hair parted to the right. His face had a
little acne and he stood about 5'5" with a slender build. Anyway I called him to
the front of the class to discipline him and he pulled up on my dress such that
my garter, stockings and panties were momentarily visible to the entire class
before I pulled the dress back down. "Todd! What has gotten into you!" I said as
I tried to hide the embarrassment from my face. I noticed he was chewing gum and
told him to spit it out. He immediately spit the gum right on my desk. At this
point I threatened to call security unless he followed instructions and sat him
down in the corner at the front of the classroom. Then I took the gum off my
desk and put it right on his nose. I had him sit there for the rest of the
period. I know it sound's juvenile, but I wanted to embarrass him the way he
embarrassed me.

At the end of the day I received a message to report to Principal Arnold's
office. I went to the principal's office to find him there with Ms. Marsh and
Todd. Principal Arnold asked me what happened in the classroom and I told him
the whole story. My voice was cracking a little as I was afraid that I did
something wrong and may lose my job. He said that Todd and Ms. Marsh told him
that I tried to sell drugs to Todd and threatened to blackmail him if he
refused. They further said Todd's punishment was because he was trying to expose
me by showing the drugs I had stashed under my dress.  I informed the principal
that this was utterly ridiculous. He told me that he would have to suspend me
until a complete investigation was complete. I insisted that I didn't have any
drugs and Ms. Marsh said, "it that's true then prove it. Let's see what's under
that dress." The principal agreed that it was quite unorthodox, but if I could
prove that I was drug free that this matter would be dropped. Todd was told to
leave the room and I was asked to remove my dress in front of Principal Arnold
and Ms. Marsh. I didn't want to do this, but I also didn't want my career ruined
after finally getting a job teaching. I reached up and slid the spaghetti straps
of my dress down over my shoulders and let the dress fall to my ankles. There I
stood in my pink lace half-bra, panties, and garter while they glared at me. I
was asked to remove my dress from my ankles and handed it to Principal Arnold to
inspect. "There's nothing here," he said. He continued, "Now please step into
Ms. Larkin's office for the remainder of the search." At that point Ms. Marsh
left the room and the Principal opened the door leading from his office to
Carlene's nursing station with Carlene waiting inside. "Ms. Larkin will perform
a private search of the rest of your garments and give me her findings
tomorrow." The principal placed my dress on a chair and left. Soon afterwards
Carlene pulled open a curtain where Ms. Marsh was hiding with a horrible grin on
her face. "What's she doing here? This is supposed to be private," I said.
Carlene replied, "shut up and show me those tits bitch!" "What! I'm not showing
you anything, I replied." With that Carlene came up and tried to rip off my bra.
I immediately held it in place and we began to wrestle and claw at one another.
I got a good grip on her top and said, "how do you like showing your tits
bitch." I pulled as hard as I could and the buttons of her blouse came popping
off. Immediately she pushed me back with a fury and grabbed the front of my bra
screaming, "I SAID SHOW ME THOSE TITS!"  Before I knew it she pulled my bra so
hard that the clasp gave way and my breasts came spilling out. I didn't even
realize what happened until I saw my bra in Carlene's hands and noticed her and
Ms. Marsh staring at my chest like two animals. I looked down to see my naked
breasts still jiggling from the shock and immediately covered them up by
crossing my arms to each shoulder.

Then both Carlene and Ms. Marsh charged me and wrestled me over the examination
table. Ms. Marsh tied my hands to the posts at one end leaving my breasts to
hang over the end of the table. I immediately started screaming for help when
Carlene said to Ms. Marsh, "shut the bitch up." Ms. Marsh then pinched my nose
and shoved what I now know to be a large red ball-gag in my mouth, securing the
strap around my head.  Then Carlene cut off my panties and they both started
spanking my exposed bottom mercilessly with two large wooden paddles.  I started
screaming but the large ball in my mouth prevented anything other than a muffled
moan from coming out.  After a while my bottom was stinging so hard that I began
crying and whaling from the pain but they just kept hitting me. They finally
stopped and Carlene said, "should we continue this punishment or are you going
to be a good girl now." I frantically mumbled, "I'll be good" from under my gag
and they both started laughing.  Ms. Marsh said, "obey everything we say and
your training will be over before you know it, but disobey us and the spanking
will resume." I moaned ok, when she said, "say yes Mistress, you stupid bitch."
So I said, "yes Mistress" from beneath my gag and it came out mfs mfstrss."

Then I was left tied to the table while they did something behind me. I could
hear things moving but didn't know what they were doing. Suddenly I felt one of
them spread the cheeks of my bottom and insert a tube into my poop hole. Before
I knew it I felt the cold water of an enema rushing into my bowels. At first it
wasn't so bad but then Carlene said, "take it all bitch," and squeezed the bag
forcing every drop of the liquid into me. After, she took what I now know to be
a butt plug and replaced shoved it in me after taking out the enema wand. I was
then untied and told to stand. At this point the enema was getting very
uncomfortable and I had a hard time walking to the corner where they were
leading me, my belly felt like it weighed a ton from all the water in it. Ms.
Marsh then tied my wrists to the post on top of my head and said, "You'll hold
that enema until we say you can relieve yourself," and I mumbled "yes Mistress,"
from under my gag. All I could do was crouch down and try to relive my pain
hoping they would let me go to the bathroom soon. Then Todd walked into the room
saying, "is she going to be the new slave?" his mother answered, "that's right
son, just like you wanted." Todd walked over in front of me and said, "hey look
Ms. Kelly I'm chewing gum that's not acceptable is it? I had better do something
with this gum huh?" I stared at him with the ball in my mouth almost begging him
with my eyes when he took the gum from his mouth, wadded it up and stuck it on
my left nipple. "That's better isn't it?" he said. I mumbled "yes" under my gag
when Carlene said, "you left a tit open son, here let me take care of that. The
Carelene took a clothespin and pinched it across my right nipple. The pain was
horrible, but all I could think about was relieving the heavy pressure that was
inside my belly and wondering what was next.




PART II

Afterwards, Carlene told Todd to go start the car while Ms. Marsh untied me and
removed my butt plug saying "your not to spill a drop slave." Again, I mumbled
"yes Mistress" from under my gag and waddled as she lead me to the toilet. She
sat me down on the toilet and said, "let it out bitch," at which point I
relieved myself with a moan, while Ms. Marsh flicked at the clothespin on my
right breast. Then Carlene walked in and they told me that they were going to
remove my gag and prepare me to go home. They said I wasn't to talk or move
unless instructed and for the last time I mumbled "yes Mistress" from under my
gag. Then Carlene removed the ball from my mouth and I stretched the stiffness
from my jaw. Then Ms. Marsh draped  her trench coat over me and I was lead to
the side door of the school. I was night now and the school was empty but they
obviously knew the maintenance crew may show up or they wouldn't have covered
me. I was told that the car was right outside with the trunk open and I was to
go right into the trunk. Ms. Marsh also warned me not to try to escape or I
would wish I were dead. I didn't want to get into the car (especially the trunk)
but I was so scared I did as I was told and sat in the trunk as they closed the
lid on top of me.

After a while the car stopped and they opened up the trunk and lead me from the
garage to the kitchen. Once inside I was told to take off the trench coat but
the gum on my left nipple had stuck to it and made a stringy mess as the coat
pulled it loose.  Todd ran over and said, "didn't I tell you to keep that gun on
your tit you stupid bitch?" I replied, "the coat pulled it off," at which point
he slapped me hard across my face saying, "you'll only say yes Master and no
Master, cunt!" I was taken aback from the slap and said "yes Master," as tears
started rolling down my face. Then Carlene grabbed my hair and said, "stop
crying or I'll give you something to cry about," as she fastened a dog collar
around my neck. I was then pushed to the floor and a chain was attached to the
collar and she removed the clothespin from my breast. Carlene continued, "that's
enough for tonight, the real training will start tomorrow bitch."  Then they
turned off the light and let the dog into the kitchen as they went upstairs to
bed. The dog walked over to me and kept trying to sniff my naked vagina and ass.
So I fell asleep in the corner of the floor with my ass to the wall and my hands
between my legs to protect my vagina.

The next morning I awoke to Todd kicking me with his left foot saying, "get up
bitch.". Once awake he unlocked my collar and pulled me up by my ear saying,
"I'm hungry pour me a bowl of this cereal with milk and bring it over to the
table slave. I replied, "yes Master," and proceeded to do as he said. I put the
cereal in front of him and he said, "are you hungry slave." I replied, "no
Master," and he said "Well, I've got a nice high protein breakfast for you
bitch, so get on your knees and start sucking my cock."  I looked down at him
with disdain and he caught my glare. He quickly reached up and grabbed left
nipple pulling and twisting it, and causing me to cringe. He said, "Don't look
at me that way bitch, from now on your life is about pleasing me, so start
enjoying it." He let go of my nipple and said, "Now get down and start sucking
slut!" I went under the table and pulled his cock from under his underwear and
started sucking him off. As I was working his cock the dog kept trying to sniff
and lick my ass. I kept trying to wiggle it out of the way when Todd noticed
what was happening and said, "Don't move that ass again and let him lick you,
you're his bitch now too." I spent the next few minutes sucking off Todd's
filthy cock while the dog kept licking my ass and vagina. Then he came
instructing me to swallow every drop and lick him clean, which I did.

No sooner did I finish up on Todd than I felt Ms. Marsh pulling me from under
the table by my ear. Then Carlene said, "looks like Todd gave you breakfast, I
hope you enjoyed it bitch because you'll eat nothing but cum and pussy for the
first two days of training. Then, if you're good, you'll earn the right to eat
real food." "Now, we best show you around the house and explain your duties,"
she continued.  She attached a leash to my collar as Ms. Marsh was brutally
playing with my nipples. I was starting to get a feeling that Carlene would
reward me for being good, but Ms. Marsh just wanted to see me in pain.  Anyway,
they first lead me to their bedroom and Carlene explained, "Every morning you'll
get up at 6:00 AM and proceed straight to our bedroom and wake us up with a good
pussy licking."  Whereby she nudged me and I remembered to say, "yes Mistress."
Then Carlene and Ms. Marsh started at each other with devilish smiles when
Carlene said, "what shall we call her." Ms. Marsh then said, "your not worthy to
be called Jennifer anymore, from now on your answer to Pig Tits, ok bitch." Then
they started taunting me saying, "what's your name?" and I would reply, "Pig
Tits Mistress". Right after, Ms. Marsh slapped my ass saying, "we'll pigs don't
walk on two legs, get on all fours like the pig you are bitch!" I got down on
all fours as Carlene tugged my leash and lead me down into the basement. I kept
tripping from trying to go down the stairs on all fours and Ms. Marsh would kick
me further down each time I did. We finally got to the basement and my knees
were raw. Once there I noticed that there was a lot of torture devices and a
large basin type bath tub and a few cages. To my surprise I saw another woman in
one of the cages. Ms. Marsh then said, "Oh, Pig Tits, this is Cunt Mouth. Poor
Cunt Mouth tried to escape, so we had to punish her. You'll fill in for her in
the mean time." To my shock I noticed the woman in the cage was Ms. Wells, the
teacher I replaced. She had a large dog bone gagging her mouth and I noticed
that her nipples were tied to the front of the cage with fishing line pulling
them taught. She had a large diaper on but was kneeling in her own excrement,
which must have leaked out. Then Ms. Marsh walked up to her and patted her head
like a dog saying, "good Cunt Mouth, you keep this up and your punishment will
be over in about a month." Ms. Wells just nodded her head with that stupid bone
in her mouth. Then Ms. Marsh looked sternly at me saying, "If you ever try to
escape you'll get far worse. I liked Cunt Mouth and look what happened to her.
But I don't even like you bitch!" I shuddered with fear and said, "yes
Mistress.," like a scared little mouse.

I was lead to the basin bathtub and told to stand up as they instructed me on
how to fill it with water and soap. Once full they told me that each morning,
after their pussy licking, I was to come down here and bathe them. With that I
was told to remove my stockings and garter and Carlene put my hair into a bun
(she was so gentle that I almost liked it). Then they instructed me to get in
the tub. Ms. Marsh and Carlene disrobed and got in with me. The handed me a wash
rag and I proceeded to wash their disgusting bodes. The made me wash every part
of them including in between their ass and the outside of their pussies.  They
also had a sick little game where they would sandwich me in-between them and I
would get squished by their bellies and breasts. When done, I toweled them off
and to my surprise Carlene toweled me off very gently. I felt like Carlene was
taking a liking to me but then I looked over towards Ms. Marsh to see that she
was steaming with jealousy. I was then allowed to stand up and was lead to my
cage. They told me that I would sleep in the cage and was to keep my personal
effects in the basket above it. Then they instructed me to dress in a stringy
pink bralette with only two fuzzy pink balls covering my nipples. They also had
me put on a string thong with a small pink fuzzy ball barely covering my pussy
lips. "This will be your uniform Pig Tits, it that clear?" Carlene said. As
usual, I said, "yes Mistress."  They also gave me a large basin type bowl and a
box of plastic bags. "Put these in your basket bitch, you'll find out what they
are for later," Ms. Marsh said smiling.

After I put away my stuff they lead me upstairs and showed me where all the
cleaning supplies were. "Now you'll spend the rest of the day cleaning this
house and it better be spic and span bitch," Carlene said. I proceeded to clean
the house, happy that I wasn't being tortured. After a few hours I had to go to
relieve myself so I proceeded to the bathroom. As I was walking in both Carlene
and Ms. Marsh stopped me. They said I wasn't worthy to use the toilet and was
only to enter the bathroom when they called me to wipe their asses. Then Carlene
asked, "Do you have to make pee pee or poo poo Pig Tits?" I replied, "both
Mistress." Ms. Marsh then instructed me to get my bowl and box of plastic bags
and meet them in the living room. I did as I was told and entered the living
room where both of them and Todd were sitting on the couch. I was told to place
the bowl in the middle of the room and relieve myself in it. I squatted down on
the bowl and made did my business with all of them watching me as if it was some
kind of show. When I finished I was told to stand up and step in the bowl. I
stepped in and felt my warm urine and poop surround my bare feet. Then Ms. Marsh
told me that every time I have to make I am to invite them to watch and at the
end of each session I was to step in the bowl and dance in my poop and/or pee
for them. She further said that I was to do this dance even if they declined to
watch and I had no audience. I was warned that if I was caught making poop or
pee without doing this that I would be punished like Ms. Wells. They finished by
saying, "Now dance bitch!" I proceeded to dance and felt my bare feet smash the
hard slimy lumps of my poop as they laughed and taunted me.  Finally, I was told
to stop and instructed to pull two plastic bags from the box and place my dirty
feet in them. Then I was instructed to go downstairs clean my basin and wash my
feet in the basement sink. I did as I was told as Ms. Wells watched from her
cage. When finished I returned my bowl and plastic bags to my basket and
proceeded with my house cleaning.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Michelle Milano


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





