BDSM Library - Sophia's First Lesson




Sophia's First Lesson
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A new slut's mouth is used by her Master for the first time.
Sophia's First Lesson

Sophia was not extraordinarily beautiful. She was just an average girl but what
made her so desirable to her Master was her willingness to submit to his whim.
Someone told her once that it takes a woman who is completely sure of herself to
be strong enough to submit. In essence, that was Sophia. To be sure, she was
brought up to believe she was always right. People rarely, if ever, opposed what
she said. But that persona could not have been further from the truth. Sophia
didn't quite care for the constant power trip or being in-charge. Deep down, she
was His secret slut. Deep down, she wanted no control at all.

She was on her knees, wearing only little black panties. He loved the way she
looked in it. He had them made for her with the mark he branded her with. The
moment he walked in, Sophia blushed, struggling to say the words he had taught
her to. "Master, your slut is ready to serve you." It was apparent that she
never had to swallow her pride for anyone before. She was still not accustomed
to this language. "What did you say, slut? I didn't hear that." Blushing
furiously, she repeated it again, louder, "Master, your fuck-toy is ready to
serve you", the intense humiliation written on her face. She hated but needed
his gaze, staring down on her almost naked body, branding her breasts, her
pussy, her entire body and soul with the power he held over her.

He was still not satisfied with her effort but let it go. He knew it would take
some time to break his slut's strong pride. But he had all the time and
determination to break this woman. Sophia was not like the other girls. She
wasn't spiritless, for sure. She had a fire that he liked very much and knowing
that she was exclusively his slut made her even more attractive. Sophia was the
part of the new breed of young career women used to being in charge everyday.
Having her before him in this helpless position, at his disposal, trying her
best to fight her dominant side for his pleasure, made his cock throb every time
he thought about it.

"You look like a good slut tonight. If you keep being good, I might even fuck
your whore pussy, pet." He slipped his foot between her thighs, nudging them
apart. Her knees slid apart on the floor obediently. The lower she went, the
further out her breasts were thrust, her body arched. But the further spread she
was, the more the pressure put on her thighs. She was no athlete so the pain was
almost intense. But he ignored her whimpers and pleas, stopping only when her
mouth was at his crotch.

Sophia's confusion and embarrassment was justified. Her pussy felt very exposed
because the cloth of her panties had long since slid between her pussy lips,
soaking in the juices of her wet slit. Her thigh muscles were hurting, stretched
taut. She had no support at all save for her legs, which were already beginning
to go slightly numb. Her fingers were laced behind her back, just as her Master
had ordered. She did not dare undo her fingers. This position caused her a lot
of discomfort as she moaned and groaned quietly, struggling to maintain her
balance. She tried to shift to make herself more comfortable. "Don't move slut,
I love the way you look now" She tried her best to obey him, staying still, but
her discomfort is obvious. She was reduced to whimpering in her helpless
position. "Good pet."

Sophia's Master reached down to her nipples. She didn't know why, maybe it was
the pressure, but she instinctively backed away from his hands. "How dare you,
slut!" He took Sophia's instinct as a rejection. She instantly knew she made a
big mistake. The tone of his voice jarred her sense. She gasped, partly in
shock, when he grabbed her small but sensitive nipples viciously. Up till now,
he had been relatively gentle in training her.

Clamping and rolling her nipples between his fingers, Sophia's Master punished
them harder than he'd ever done before, tugging them and stretching them beyond
their limits. "I'm sorry Master! Owwwwww!!! please, please forgive me. Owwww"
"Slut, don't you ever dare do that again, do you understand?" Sophia nodded
urgently. He twisted her nipples again, harder. "Ouuuch! Yes, Master, yes, I
understand. I'll never do that again" She bit her lower lip, trying to hold back
the tears welling in her eyes.

"Poor little slut's titties hurt too much, eh? I want you to understand that you
have no power over that, slut. Your body is mine and I'll do as I please with
it. You will be grateful for that, cunt" He squeezed her breasts hard, gripping
them and massaging them painfully downwards slowly, as if milking her. She
sobbed softly, the pain in her breasts too much to take. They turned bright
pink, the nipples swollen, both bruised. "Yes, yes, Master, yes, I'm your slut.
My cunt, ass and tits are all yours. Owwww... please stop hurting my boobs...
I'll do anything! Please stop!"

"Ok, I will if you bring me off, slut. Let's play a little game. If you succeed
in making me cum, I'll spare you your real punishment for that misdemeanour. You
can only use your mouth, tits or hands but you're only allowed to use those
whore hands when you've freed my cock, do you understand, slave? If you even
think about touching yourself, you lose."

Sophia stared at her Master wide-eyed with her slightly tear-streaked face. He
was fully dressed, complete with the belt. To add to the fact that she had never
used her mouth to bring a man off before (she considered it something only cheap
prostitutes would do. She had been a purely missionary-style girl too, till she
met him), she had no idea how she could possibly undo that without her hands.

Weighing her options, she realised that he would not be kind with his
punishment. She closed her eyes, taking a deep breath. Her tongue headed for his
belt. She had never done this before so it was a struggle of trial and error as
her tongue tried to push the belt free from the buckle. Having to balance on her
already-numb legs made it even worse. "Aww... you look so cute, almost like a
real little bitch in heat desperate for a good fuck treat."

It took a while but she finally managed to undo the buckle, using her teeth to
grip the extra belt and threading it through the buckle. Her lips pursed over
the buckle, she pulled it out free from her Master's pants. "Good girl... keep
going."

Her teeth found his zipper and a familiar bulge in his crotch. She hated being
so close yet so far from his cock. Even thinking of how it looked rock hard and
ready to fuck made her pussy drip. Sophia was almost desperate to feel his cock
in her mouth as she gripped the waist of his pants, nudging it down till it fell
to the floor. Her urgency to free his cock increasing, she pulled the waistband
down his right hip with her teeth, repeating the same with the other side till
it slipped off him as well. His erect cock sprang free in all its glory.

Letting out a sigh of relief, pleased with her own effort, Sophia leaned forward
on her hands, relieving the pressure on her thighs, ass high up in the air.
"Nice ass, slave. Make Master cum now." Sophia blushed despite herself, a little
unsure of how to continue.

Her warm hands wrapped around his gorgeous cock, she explored him as if for the
first time. Every vein on his throbbing cock held power over her, making her
wish that it'd fuck her hot tight pussy instead. But she had not earned that
privilege, nor deserved any such pleasure. Her lips reached almost eagerly to
kiss the tip of his swollen cock head, loving the way his precum tasted on the
edge of her lips. Her tongue slid over his rock hard shaft, licking the length
firmly, letting it explore the underside. She cradled his balls in her hands,
gently squeezing them. It was more morbid fascination than submission that drove
her at that point.

"Lick Master's balls, slave" Sophia cringed, how did she end up doing such
depraved things and even like it? Her mouth reached up to his balls, licking it
hesitantly at first, unsure of her way around. His masculine smell overpowered
her senses as she learnt the map of his most intimate parts with her mouth,
licking and sucking his balls, her tongue darting around hungrily. It dawned
upon Sophia that she was enjoying making her Master happy, and his moans and
groans of pleasure was like music to her. She learnt that the more depraved and
urgent her sucking and licking got, the more she herself got wet. Sophia knew
why she chose this life.

She stopped and wrapped her swollen, full breasts around his cock, pushing them
tightly around it. Sophia massaged up and down the length for a while, careful
not to make contact with her nipples. She knew she was not supposed to get any
pleasure from this and playing with her sensitive nipples would mean she was
cheating. Her breasts still hurt but she could tell her Master like being fucked
by her tits. He loved the way her heavy breasts looked wrapped around his cock.
"That feels good, slut, but I want to fuck your mouth. It's begging to be
fucked, isn't it?"

Blushing at the truth in what he said, Sophia licked the tip of his cock. She
stretched her full lips over the enlarged head. 

It took a huge effort for Sophia's untrained mouth to work her Master's cock.
Despite her inexperience, he enjoyed how tight, hot and wet her mouth was. Her
virgin mouth may not have given him the best but it had potential and her utter
fascination with his organ was a plus point. Her tongue swirled over every inch
of his cock. Every bump and vein on his cock fascinated her as she slid further
down the length, moaning. The vibrations and the throbbing of his cock felt
incredibly hot even though she could only imagine how slutty she really looked.
"You're born to be a cocksucker, little whore, so don't pretend you're not
turned on." Her pussy really was soaking.

Her Master's cock hit the back of her throat with considerable force. She
couldn't help choking and gagging on it but it seemed to milk him well. Sophia
paused for a moment, sliding back up the length of the cock, sucking on it along
the way. She felt like a real slut, a cheap cock-sucking whore. The damage that
did to her pride was almost more than her Master's sudden change of pace. He
grabbed her hair, suddenly letting his reserve go, "Very nice but too slow,
baby. I'm going to fuck your mouth fast and rough, whether you like it or not.
Scream if you want, I know I'll love the vibrations in your slutty little mouth"

He pulled his shaft almost all the way out of her mouth, slamming it back in all
the way again, her face almost entirely buried in his crotch. He did not care to
be gentle, treating Sophia like a complete whore. She didn't have the time to
get accustomed to the pace but he did not care for that. He only cared about
cumming in his slave's mouth, teaching her that her every orifice was only meant
to take his cock and cum. "Mmmmmmphhh" Her tears flowed freely down her cheeks
with each powerful thrust assaulting her mouth.

This hurt her. But the result of each laboured breath she took was her throat
gripping his cock tighter still. Her jaws were in pain from his furious pumping
but her kept increasing his strokes, driving his cock all the way in and pulling
it back out again. He repeated this for what seemed like an eternity to Sophia,
lost in pleasure, before his body finally tensed, stopping short. "Oh fuck yeah,
here it comes bitch, you'd better not miss a drop!" He unloaded violently in her
mouth, his hot salty cum shooting in her mouth. His cum overflowed from the
sides of her obscenely stretched lips as she struggled to swallow all of his
precious cum.

He shook his cock as he withdrew, making sure his slut got to taste every last
drop of his cum. He was finally relaxed, "Very good, slut." Despite the pain,
tears and storm of confused emotions, Sophia's tongue instinctively glided over
her Master's cock as he pulled out. She wiped his overflowing cum from the sides
of her lips as he pulled out, licking and sucking his cum from her fingers
"Thank you, master."



Electric Geisha 2003




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  ElectricGeisha


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





