BDSM Library - A Perfect Evening




A Perfect Evening
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: It's a perfect evening when He comes home.
A Perfect Evening

I hear His car pull in the driveway and already I am at the door waiting for
Him.  Wearing only the small, sheer little baby doll nighty He sent for me
today, with my hair pulled up in pigtails I kneel down, knees spread and wait
for Him at the door.  He walks in the house, closing the door behind Him, and
without a word He grabs one of my pigtails pulling me up to my feet and kisses
me deeply.  He then delivers a playful smack to my ass that leaves His fresh
palm print on me like a banner. 

He walks over and sits back in His chair.  Within a moment I bring Him His drink
and kneel politely at His feet.  His hand brushes against His already bulging
cock straining in His pants and understanding his cue I raise up on my knees and
release His hard cock from His pants.  He sits back with drink in hand as I
slide His hard cock past my ready lips taking Him into my mouth.  I push His
cock into my mouth deep as if trying to suck the life right through Him, only
sliding His cock out of my mouth to lick and suck His balls.  He slowly sips His
drink as I slide my tongue up and down His large cock and push my lips down His
cock to take in its entire length. 

Twenty minutes later, I still continue welcoming Him home, wanting Him to fill
my mouth with His hot cum.  He reaches down with one hand taking hold of my
nipple and pinches it hard.  I feel the urge to scream out or stop Him, as a
shiver passes through my entire body, but I continue my pace sliding His cock
back and forth between my lips.  A moment later He grabs a pigtail, and pulls
His cock from my mouth and shoots His cum all over my half exposed tits, bathing
me with His seed.  I look up at Him with eyes that say thank You and quickly get
up to serve His dinner. 

He is already sitting at the table when I return from the kitchen with plate in
hand.  I serve Him His plate and sit down with Him at the table.  During dinner
He speaks His first words to me of the evening asking me how my day was.  I tell
Him the chores I did around the house and ask Him how His day went.  After
sharing some stimulating conversation He gets up from the table to take a
shower.  I clean up the table and wash the dishes making sure everything is
spotless. 

When He steps out of the shower He comes to find me in the bedroom kneeling at
the foot of the bed.  He stands in front of me naked for a moment and the
anticipation nearly drives me wild.  He looks down at me and with a smile says,
"Get Me another drink My pet." 

I jump up and hurry out to the living room, my ass half showing under the small
nighty, and pour Him a drink.  I walk back into the bedroom and standing at the
door I don't see Him.  I lean down and set the drink on a bedside table and He
jumps on me from behind.  Reaching around me with both hands He rips the small
bit of fabric covering my body off me and holds my face down on the bed.  With
my ass still up and my feet firmly planted on the floor His rough hands enter me
from behind.  Pinching my clit and then ramming his rough fingers into me, I
scream. 

My scream is followed by a sharp slap on my ass, before He rams His cock deep
into my pussy.  I collapse under His wait and He falls on top of me shoving the
full length of His cock into me.  My pussy, already so wet , and His cock
pulling me apart pushes me close to the edge.  Harder He slams into me, and as
much as I can I mutter the words, "Master, Master, please... I'm going to cum...
please... Master..." 

He answers me with a steady whisper in my ear while His rhythm gains momentum,
"Go ahead My pet, The fun is only beginning." 

My muscles tense and I feel my pussy squeeze His dick tight as I cum hard. 
Moaning and groaning He fucks me hard through my orgasm, bringing His hand down
to press against my clit, drawing every last ounce of fight from my body. 
Before He cums He pulls out of me and leaves me slumped over on the floor just
beside the bed. 

When He returns I feel the cold silk of the blindfold before I actually know
what is going on.  Within a second He ties it tight and all is black.  With my
senses deprived and still overcoming a tremendous orgasm I feel disoriented as
He slips His finger in my collar pulling me up to my feet.  With a tug I can
tell He's leading me out of the bedroom and down the hallway.  Naked and still
breathing heavy I know exactly where He is taking me. 

He is taking me to His room.  I've never seen inside His room.  Sure, I've been
in there many times before but I was always blindfolded.  Always.  And the
blindfold was never removed while I was in there.  When He was not home, I was
not allowed to go in there or even peek.  Not even to clean.  I hear the door as
it creaks open and am immediately struck by the coldness of the air.  It was
always cold in there.  He lets go of my collar and I stand there completely
naked and motionless not knowing at all what He was doing. 

Soon I feel cold steel wrap around my left wrist.  He then pulls both of my arms
behind me, making my tits push farther out and fastens my wrists together. I
feel Him down at my feet a second before I feel steel wrap around my ankle.  I
hear a click from a lock and He uses His hand to pull my legs apart.  I feel the
other ankle locked in and know that my legs are spread wide by a bar, with no
way to close them or hide any part of myself.  He pulls up on the cuffs binding
my wrists which causes me to bend over in a most precarious fashion.  He
attaches the cuffs to something that is suspended from the ceiling. 

At this point I feel nothing but the cold air on my body.  I am not sure where
He has gone.  I hear something make a rattling noise in the corner and then
again silence.  Standing there blindfolded, legs spread far apart, wrists pulled
up almost painfully behind me keeping me bent over I squirm a bit and know that
His binds are secure.

I scream as I feel the first kiss of leather on my ass.  I have no idea what it
is exactly.  I do know that it is leather and stings each time it touches my
pail skin.  Every time the leather slaps me I feel a sense of heat and pain, and
each time I scream, before the pleasure washes over my body.  Silence again and
I imagine He is standing back to admire His canvas. 

Again I feel the sting of the leather, but this time more pain as it makes
contact with my pussy.  Again and again He whips me, the pain fading to pleasure
only to be replaced again by pain.  My breath is heavy and my voice weak.  I
feel His rough hands on me now rubbing the welts that have developed on my body. 
Again he disappears and the next thing I feel is something pushing into my
pussy. 

I know it is not His cock as I know exactly what that feels like.  Whatever it
is pushing into me is large and my body is resisting.  He pushes harder and it
parts my pussy lips and slowly He slides it into me.  I have no idea how many
inches are shoved into me, but I feel incredibly full.  I then hear what sounds
like duct tape being pulled, and then sure enough the cold tape covers my pussy
sticking to my skin and keeping this thing locked deep inside me.  In this
moment I was glad that my pussy was always shaved clean as I could only imagine
how much it would hurt when that tape came off, especially if I had pubic hair! 

Again I feel the sting of leather on my ass and my body convulsed as it did. 
With each shift I could feel my still very sensitive clit rubbing against this
thing inside me, and waves of both pleasure and pain take over my body.  There
were a few more kisses from the leather before I felt something pushing against
my asshole.  Again, I knew this was not His cock, and it felt smaller.  I was
surprised as He pushed this thing into my ass that it was so small.  I feel
something larger shoving it a bit further into me. 

Another of these small things is forced into my ass and I realize that these
must be anal beads.  I had never used them before, but I knew He had them as I
saw Him buy them only last week.  Another bead was pushed into my ass, and then
again the larger thing shoving it in deep.  At this point my body instinctively
squirmed and the shifting of everything inside me was incredible. 

After the fifth bead was inserted, I could feel the string brushing against me. 
The larger thing was then shoved quickly inside of me pushing those beads in
deep. It seemed to hold itself in place and again He stepped away from me.  I
heard a few clicks, and had no idea what they were.  Out of the edge of my
blindfold I thought I saw a few flashes but thought my eyes must be playing
tricks. 

The cruel leather again slapped down on my ass, and I screamed loud this time as
the sting made me shift and everything inside me moved.  Again and again my ass
was stung by the leather thing. 

Only now as it stopped did He speak.  "You look beautiful, my pet." 

"Thank You, Sir" I sheepishly replied. 

"Now it's my turn," He said and I felt the thing keeping the beads in my ass
pull out.  I felt more pressure again against my asshole and knew this was His
cock.  I could feel it large and hard pushing slowly into me.  Making every
flash of pain seem to last for an eternity.  My muscles clenched at this point
and my body convulsed as I was sent into another orgasm.  As He realized how my
body was reacting He shoves His entire cock deep in my ass. 

I scream again and I hear Him chuckle.  His cock was huge in my ass and every
stroke shifted the beads even more.  My pussy and ass feel as if they are in a
strange whirlpool of hurt and ecstasy.  He grabs a hold of my pigtails, and uses
them as handles as He shoves His cock harder and harder into my ass.  He
continues fucking me and I continue screaming as His large cock rips into me
again and again. 

He removes His hands from my hair and grabs my ass hard squeezing it together,
further enveloping His cock.  He sounds like a mad man as He fucks my ass harder
then ever before.  With His hands locked tight on my ass His rhythm slows and I
scream and grunt as He drives His cock deep in my ass where I feel it convulse
and shoot his hot cum inside me.  He shoves His cock in deep again as another
stream of hot cum shoots out in my ass.  Again He does this, and this time He
keeps His cock buried deep inside me. 

He slaps my ass, and whispers to me, "You were great my pet."  Pulling His spent
cock out of me, He leaves again, and this time I hear Him leave the room.  It is
a few moments, and then I hear the bath water running down the hall.  He comes
back into the room and begins to lightly rub my aching body.  He slowly pulls
the beads from my ass and I yelp with each one.  He whispers to me, "Brace
yourself," and my muscles tense just as He rips the duct tape from my pussy. 

I scream as the tape pulls quickly from my skin almost feeling arousing.  He
slides the large thing from my pussy and reaches down to unclasp my ankles.  I
stand up a bit straighter as I can now bring my tired legs closer together, and
He brings my hands down back behind me and unfastens my wrists.  I feel
lightheaded and almost pass out as He scoops me up in His arms and carries me
off down the hallway.

 I feel the warm soothing water as He sets me down in the bath and removes my
blindfold.  He sits Himself beside that bath and moves the soft sponge across my
pretty pink welts.  He reaches His hand down in the water and slides His fingers
across my tender pussy.  It doesn't take much of His rubbing my clit before I
orgasm on His hand. 

My body and mind unable to take more, pull me off toward sleep and I am only
barely conscious when He stands me up and wraps dries me with the towel and
again picks me up in His arms.  I'm asleep and dreaming about what tomorrow will
bring when as He lays me in bed and coming up behind me wraps His arms around my
naked body always protecting me.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  FuckDoll


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





