BDSM Library - Suffer Another Day




Suffer Another Day
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This story is a continuation of the spy character Jinx that Halle Berry played in the James Bond film "Die Another Day".
"suffer another day" parts1-6 (halle berry,kate beckinsale,chasey lain,
lesbian,enslavement,spy, nc, torture)

The following is a story to be read by adults only and is a continuation of the
spy character Jinx that Halle Berry played in the James Bond film "die another
day"... It had been three months, since NSA agent Jinx had helped to stop the
North Korean terrorist Gustav Graves from using his secret laser weapon from
destroying the American military forces in South Korea. Agent Jinx, was a sexy
5'7 light black skinned woman, in her early thirties, with a voluptuous body,
and short black hair. During, the last three months, Jinx had received
tremendous praise inside the US Intelligence community for her efforts to help
foil Gustav Graves evil plot and she had recently been promoted to the rank of
special agent in the NSA. Because, Jinx was now considered by the National
Security Agency, to be one of there top agents, she was about to be assigned to
the most important mission on their agenda. "Good morning, Special Agent Jinx"
NSA director Matthew Conrad said to Jinx who was now standing before his desk
wearing a skin tight brown leather catsuit, brown leather gloves and thigh high
brown leather boots with spike heels, she had been instructed her to wear. "Good
morning, Sir" Jinx replied respectfully to her superior. "Special Agent Jinx,
lets get right down to business, as you're probably aware, the North Korean
government claims to have nuclear weapons. Unfortunately, this is true, and it
has come to our attention that all there nuclear weapons and nuclear
laboratories are located at a secret underground military installation near the
North Korean capital of Pyongyang" Director Conrad said. Special Agent Jinx
interrupted the director by asking "Sir, do you want me infiltrate this facility
and destroy it?". Director Conrad replied "actually, Jinx, we need your help to
locate the exact location of this site, so we can destroy it with an air strike.
Recently, we were contacted by beautiful a British spy, named Kate Beckinsale,
who also, is a famous actress". Jinx asked the NSA Director "Isn't she the girl
from the movie Pearl Harbor and Serendipity and if so, why is she a spy"?
Director Conrad replied "your correct that is the same actress, the reason she
became a spy, is because, shortly, after she becoming famous, she realized she
could use her celebrity status, to obtain important information from people and
then sell the information for profit. In this particular case, Ms Beckinsale,
received the whereabouts of the location of the installation, by sleeping with a
North Korean Intelligence Officer that was a huge fan of hers. Ms Beckinsale, is
willing to give us the information she obtained in exchange for -a gift- she
recently heard about thru a fan that is in the US Intelligence agency. Your
mission is to deliver the gift she requested, once she obtains the gift she will
transmit the whereabouts of the nuclear facility. Shortly, you will be flown by
a C130 cargo plane and air dropped by parachute to her London estate. When you
board the plane, you will be given an envelop and placed in restraints. I wish
you good luck on you mission, your dismissed Special Agent Jinx". An hour later,
Special Agent Jinx was taken to an Airforce base, where, a C130 plane awaited
her. As soon as Jinx boarded the plane she was greeted by a beautiful woman with
shoulder length blonde hair dressed in a flight suit "good morning Miss Jinx my
name is staff sergeant Lyndee Johnson, I have been ordered to put restraints on
you before we take off". Jinx replied politely "go right ahead". Immediately,
Lyndee picked up a nearby leather arm sleeve, and then instructed Jinx to put
her arms behind her back so the arms could be fitted into the leather glove.
After, Jinx's arms were in the glove Lyndee secured the glove with straps that
went around Jinx's shoulder. Once, the arm glove was secured, Lyndee, attached
leg irons to Jinx's legs. After, attaching the leg irons, Lyndee reached for a
huge 11" plastic penis gag, and tried to put it in Jinx's mouth. Before, Jinx
accepted the gag, she asked "what the hell is that for"? Lyndee replied "I am
not sure what this gag and other stuff is for but I am just putting this stuff
on as ordered mam". After saying that, Lyndee put the huge penis gag into Jinx's
mouth, then secured the gag with a strap. Then Lyndee, attached a parachute to
Jinx, that went around the belly of her heavily bound body, and then Lyndee
placed a dog collar with an attached leash around Jinx's neck. After, placing
the dog collar around Jinx's neck, Lyndee unzipped the breast area of Jinx's
catsuit and placed an envelope inside the catsuit and then re-zipped the
catsuit. After, she was finished, Lyndee, had Jinx, sit down on a canvas seat
attached to the side of wall, then buckled a seat belt around her body. Once she
was finished, Lyndee spoke into her comlink and said "sir, she's all secure, and
were ready for take off". A few moments later, the C130 took off bound for
London.

As the C130, flew over the Atlantic, Jinx tried to wonder what would happen to
her after, she delivered the envelope to Kate Beckinsale. Something about this
mission, didn't seem right to Jinx, Although, her profession, often required her
to be in tight rigid bondage, this normally meant her being captured and
tortured by a villanous or being picked up at predetermined location by a 3rd
party, blindfolded, gagged, and handcuffed and then taken to secret location to
meet with someone in hiding. Jinx, couldn't understand why, for a simple 2
minute meeting, that would consist of giving actress/spy Kate Beckinsale, an
envelope in exchange for the location of the North Korean nuclear weapons
facility, she needed to be heavily bound, and dropped via a parachute from a
C130 aircraft, wearing a brown leather catsuit, leather gloves, thigh high boots
with spike heels, a leather glove that painfully restricted her arms, leg irons,
a plastic 11" penis gag that plugged her mouth, and a dog collar with a leash
that was connected around her neck. As she continued in thought, the lovely
heavily bound NSA agent drifted into sleep. Several hours later, Jinx awoke and
noticed Air Force Staff Sergeant Lyndee unbuckling her seat belt. A few seconds
later, Lyndee grabbed the leash connected to Jinx's dog collar and used the
leash to help the beautiful spy to her feet and used it to guide her to the rear
of the cargo plane. As, the platform on the rear of the plane lowered, Lyndee
spoke to Jinx "Mam, in a few seconds you will be at the drop point, and I will
push you out of the plane. Don't, worry your parachute will open up via remote
control, when Ms Beckinsale pushes the parachutes remote control button on the
ground, good luck mam". A few seconds later, Lyndee pushed the heavily bound spy
out of the rear of the plane, and into the dark evening sky. As, she plummet
forward into the dark sky, Jinx was terrified she wouldn't be spotted on the
ground by Ms Beckinsale. As the moments continued, Jinx began to panic as the
distance between her and the ground became ever closer, however, with her arms
restricted in her leather arm glove, Jinx couldn't do anything to open the
parachute, all the lovely spy could do is hope and pray she was spotted. As the
leather clad lovely, continued her decent, a dark figure watched her fall with
the high tech night vision binoculars. The dark figure, had monitored the lovely
spy's decent, from the moment Lyndee pushed her out of the plane, and with the
high tech binoculars, the figure could even see and savor the expression of fear
on Jinx's lovely penis gagged face grow in intensity, as she came closer and
closer to the ground, and the dark figure intended to enjoy this moment to the
fullest. As the ground came dangerously close to her body, Jinx began making
muffled screaming noises thru her penis gag, in seconds, Jinx knew should would
be dead, so Jinx tried to pray before she cruelly impacted with the earth. About
300 hundred feet before she impacted on the ground, Jinx, felt herself violently
jolted several hundred feet upwards, as the parachute opened up snatching her
right out of the claws of death.. Moments, after being snatched from the claws
of death, Jinx, noticed she was now several hundred feet up in the air, and her
parachute was now heading towards a cluster of several trees. Desperate, to
avoid crashing into the trees, Jinx tried to wiggle her heavily bound leather
clad body in an desperate attempt to help alter the direction she drifting to.
Her efforts proved to be in vain and in moments she felt her entire body
violently make contact with several branches of trees, and each branch she
encountered seemed to be alive and reaching out to devour and scold her. In
seconds, the branches stopped their violent assault on her body, and Jinx
noticed her decent had stopped, and she was suspended about 3 feet from the
ground, and her parachute was now heavily tangled among several evil branches
from the tree above her. After, a few moments of allowing herself, to catch her
breath, Jinx, tried to think of a plan to get her parachute untangled from the
tree, Because, her arms were bound in a leather glove, and her legs bound by leg
irons, all Jinx could do, is try to wiggle herself free. For the next hour, Jinx
tried in vain to wiggle herself free. After, wearing herself out, Jinx realized
the evil branches above her were not going to release her, so, the only thing
could do is wait for Ms Beckinsale or someone else, to walk by and release her
heavily bound suspended leather clad form from the evil clutches of the tree.
After, Jinx stopped, trying to free herself, the dark figure watching her with
binoculars, went inside a nearby mansion and went to sleep. As the night
progressed, Jinx, remained suspended from the tree by her parachute, waiting for
help to arrive. As the hours, progressed, Jinx began to realize that help wasn't
going to arrive anytime soon. So, she closed her eyes and went to sleep, when
she awoke, several hours later. She, noticed a thin elegant looking woman,
standing in front of her. The woman, was in her mid-twenties, and had shoulder
length black hair. The elegant looking woman was wearing expensive black leather
pants, a black leather jacket, and expensive leather boots,and the elegant
looking woman was holding a sheath that held a sword. The elegant looking woman
spoke to Jinx and said "good morning darling, welcome to England, my name is
Kate Beckinsale, I take it you have the envelope with you" Kate continued
speaking when she saw Jinx's penis gagged face nod yes "well, lets see if I can
cut you loose with my father's Royal Marine sword". For, the next twenty
minutes, Kate began cutting at the parachute straps that suspended Jinx to the
tree. Once, the leather bound, lovely was freed from the clutches of the tree,
Kate grabbed the leash connected to Jinx's collar and used it to escort her to
her nearby mansion. Once, they were inside Kate's mansion, Kate took Jinx,
upstairs and unzipped the crotch area of her catsuit and let Jinx use her
bathroom. When Jinx was finished, Kate, escorted, Jinx to her mansion's library,
instructed her to sit down in a chair. After, she sat down, Kate removed the
huge penis gag from Jinx's dry mouth and offered her a bottle of soda. Kate
then, slowly poured the contents of the bottle into Jinx's dry mouth. After, she
was thru drinking the soda, Jinx asked Kate angrily "will you mind telling, me
what this cloak and dagger shit is all about"! Kate replied to the angry spy in
a polite tone "yes, dear, about 2 weeks ago, I slept with a high ranking North
Korean intelligence officer that was a huge fan of mine, in exchange for
information on the North Korean nuclear, weapons program. The information he
gave me, provided me with the exact location of their entire nuclear weapons
program, which is at an underground base near their capital". After, Kate
explained to Jinx that she knew the exact whereabouts of the N Korean weapons
program she said to Kate "I understand, the importance of the information you
posses, but, why did you contact NSA, instead, just call the CIA, they're easier
to get a hold of then us and belive me for that info, they would have given you
anything you wanted"? Kate replied "dear, only the NSA could give me the prize,
I wanted for obtaining that North Korean information, and trust me they were
more than happy to give me exactly what I wanted, and its a prize I wanted,
since, I learned of it, from one of my fans, who works for a US Intelligence
agency". After, explaining her motives, Kate unzipped the breast area of Jinx's
brown leather catsuit and removed the envelope. After, removing the envelope,
Kate walked over to her nearby, computer and typed and encrypted message to the
director of the NSA with the exact location of the North Korean underground
weapons facility and returned to chair next to Jinx and said "darling, I just
typed your director the information on the N Korean base, now let us both look
at the item I wanted and that they gave me". As, Kate opened the envelope, Jinx,
began, wondering what was inside the envelope, Jinx's thoughts, were interrupted
when Kate began to read a letter she pulled out of the envelope "Dear Ms
Beckinsale, Thank you for choosing my agency to share your information
concerning the North Korean nuclear weapons site. As, agreed your gift, has been
delivered to your estate, and we hope this gift provides you years of pleasure.
Sincerely, Matthew Conrad, NSA Director". After, reading the letter Jinx said
"that's it, I had to travel here heavily bound, and then nearly killed by being
thrown out of a plane, so you could receive a stupid thank you letter from my
boss"? Kate replied to the heavily bound, leather clad spy in a sweet but wicked
tone "I am sorry, dear, I forgot to show you a picture,that is in the envelope,
of the gift they gave me in exchange, for my information, here take a look!".
Jinx's, lovely, jaw dropped when she saw her NSA picture, presented before her.
A few seconds later, Kate, grabbed Jinx's leash and used to pull her lovely face
right up to hers, and then Kate said to the lovely Jinx "your now mine, my
lovely pet"!

After, revealing to Jinx that she had been given to her as a gift, by the NSA in
exchange for revealing the location of the North Korean weapons facility, Kate,
tried to kiss her lovely bound pet. Immediately, Jinx, moved away from Kate to
prevent her lips from embracing with hers. Kate said in a sweet motherly voice
"dear, like it or not you are now my, and you are going to have to do what I
want, and I want you to kiss me". Jinx replied angrily, "this is bullshit, I am
not anyone's pet or property! I want you to let me go right now! You fucking
bitch!!". Kate, grabbed Jinx's collar and said in a sweet but stern voice "the
people at your agency, said you might be difficult to control, I will tell you
once more, I want you to kiss me". Jinx looked at Kate and replied in a cocky
voice "fuck you"! Kate stood up and grabbed the leash connected to Jinx's collar
and said "well dear, it appears you are in need of a little discipline, very
well, but, first we are going to silence that naughty mouth of yours",
immediately, Kate reached for Jinxs's 11" penis gag and forced the cruel plastic
thing back into her lovely mouth. After, securing the mouth stuffing gag, back
into her lovely mouth, Kate, said to her now silent pet "follow me dear, I think
its tea time", immediately, Kate, used the leash connected to her pets collar to
pull Jinx out of her chair and to escort her defiant new slave into her kitchen.
After, arriving in the kitchen, Kate forced Jinx to bend over against her
kitchen counter. Once, Jinx's was bent over, Kate hooked Jinx's leash around a
metal bar that was normally, used to hold her paper toweling. After, Jinx was
secured against the counter, Kate, unzipped the anal region of her brown leather
catsuit. After, unzipping the anal region of her catsuit, Kate, lit the burner
her stove, and then went to her sink and poured water and the tea mixture into
her tea kettle and placed it on the stove. After, she put the kettle on the
stove, Kate left the room to fetch a few items, to punish her defiant pet. When,
Kate returned she heard the tea kettle whistling, and she said to her pet "it
sounds like your tea is ready, sweetie". As soon as Kate said that, Jinx noticed
Kate, place an enema bag and butt plug on the counter next to her. After,
placing the items in visible view of her new pet, Kate turned off the burner of
her stove. Then, Kate walked over near Jinx, grabbed the nozzle of the enema bag
and forced the nozzle into Jinx's rectum. After, placing the nozzle into Jinx's
rectum, Kate walked over to the stove and grabbed the tea kettle. Before,
placing the hot liquid into the enema bottle, Kate reached for a set of asbestos
gloves so she could fill up and hold the enema bag, without being scolded by the
hot water. Jinx, who realized she was about to be punished with the hot water
turned her head in the direction of her mistress to plea with her. Kate, who was
now in the process of pouring the the hot liquid in the bag ignored her muffled
pleas and in seconds the scolding hot liquid began to fill the enema bag an
enter in Jinx's rectum. As soon as the, water entered her rectum, Jinx, began to
make loud muffled screaming noises thru her thick penis gag. Instinctively, Jinx
tried to escape her torment by using her neck and body weight to pull her leash
free from the metal bar attached to the kitchen wall. As, she continued fighting
against the bar, she began to choke. After, realizing she going to choke herself
to death, if she continued trying to free her leash from the metal bar attached
to the wall. Jinx stopped fighting to free herself, and bit down on her mouth
stuffing penis gag and tried ride out her scolding hot enema punishment. After,
all the hot water was forced into Jinx's rectum, Kate removed the enema bag
nozzle and placed a huge 12" butt plug into her anal cavity, so Jinx would be
forced to retain her enema water. After, the huge butt plug was inserted into
Jinx. Kate, unhooked Jinx's leash from the metal bar, and used the leash to
escort her down into her cold basement. As, she walked her pet around her
basement, Kate noticed 2 mouse traps, laying on the floor. As she, looked at the
traps, an evil thought came to her mind, why not use the traps to help punish
her disobedient pet. A few seconds after picking the mouse traps, Kate un-zipped
the breast area of Jinx's brown leather catsuit and placed a mouse trap on each
of Jinx's beautiful breasts. Once, the mouse traps we on Jinx's breasts, Kate
zipped up her catsuit to prevent Jinx from wiggling the traps off her breasts.
After, she zipped up Jinx's catsuit, Kate, noticed the pain she was inflicting
on her pet, were causing tears to run down Jinx's beautiful eyes. Kate,
immediately, wiped the tears off her pets face and said in lovingly motherly
voice "dear, although I am having allot of fun punishing you as a pain toy, I
want you to know I would rather be enjoying you in my bed as my loving pet. Your
going to learn over time, that when you behave like a good obedient pet you will
be treated like a good obedient pet, and when you behave a like disobedient pet
your going to be punished like a disobedient pet. I am going to let you reflect
on the importance of what I just said, by locking you up in my basement's fruit
cellar for 5 days. I hope you, emerge from the cellar with a better
understanding on how to behave in my presence, I hope you learn something my
lovely pet". After, saying this to Jinx, Kate, kissed her pet on her penis gag
and locked her in the dark fruit cellar.

It had been only 1 hour since, Kate, had locked, Jinx up in her cellar.For Jinx,
the last 60 minutes, had felt like an eternity, because, the pain being
inflicted to her by the enema and the mouse traps attached to her breasts,
intensified, with each passing moment. As her pain continued to increase, Jinx,
thought to herself "I can't take any more of this pain. Its bad enough, my arms
are painfully bound in that leather sleeve, and my ass is stuffed with that huge
plastic butt plug and that huge awful plastic penis thing is filling my entire
mouth, but, I can't bear any more of the pain caused by that enema and those
fucking mouse traps.Those mouse traps under my catsuit, are pinching my nipples,
so badly that my breasts feel like there on fire, and the pressure and pain in
my bowels and stomach increases each second, because, of that damn enema. I have
to find a way to get out of here". After, having this thought, Jinx walked
around the tiny cellar, with her leg ironed bound feet trying to figure away to
get out of the dark cellar. Under normal circumstances, the resourceful Jinx,
would have easily, been, able to get out of room like this, however, with her
arms tightly encased in a leather glove, and her lovely mouth stuffed with a
huge penis gag, and her legs bound with leg irons, Jinx, quickly discovered, she
had couldn't escape from the 5 day punishment sentence Kate had imposed on her.
For the next 5 days, Jinx was forced to suffer in the small fruit cellar.
Although, Jinx, quickly realized, she couldn't escape from the cellar, in her
current bound state, Jinx, began to think of a ways to escape once, Kate, let
her out of the cellar. After, running by several escape scenarios thru her mind,
Jinx, determined her best option, was to somehow sweet talk Kate into releasing
her, once, she let her out of the cellar. So, for the next five days, Jinx spent
each increasingly painful moment, in the cellar, thinking of things to say that
might convince Kate to free her, once, she had the chance to talk to her her
lovely mistress. After, Jinx was finished serving out her sentence, Kate went
down to her basement to let Jinx, out of the cellar. Once, her pet was out of
the cellar, Kate told Jinx in a sweet mother voice"I hope you learned your
lesson and have decided to obey me like a good little pet, I'm now going to take
you upstairs, let you release your enema water, feed and water you, and give you
a nice long bath, this way, luv". A few seconds later, Kate grabbed Jinx's leash
and escorted her upstairs. Once, Kate, took her lovely pet upstairs, she
escorted Jinx to her bathroom, unzipped the crotch area of her brown leather
catsuit, and removed the huge butt plug stuffing Jinx's rectum, and let her
expel her enema and use the toilet. After, Jinx was done, Kate, re-zipped the
crotch area of her catsuit, and escorted her pet to the kitchen to give her some
food and water. Once, Jinx was in the kitchen, Kate removed the thick 11" penis
gag stuffing her mouth, and told her pet to kneel down on all fours on her
kitchen floor. Once, Jinx was kneeling on her floor, Kate put a cat food dish in
front of her pet that was filled with dry purina kitten chow and water, Jinx,
was furious that she was being offered food and water like an animal, and
snubbed her nose at her food dish. Kate, wasn't happy that her pet snubbed her
nose at her food dish and said to Jinx in a stern voice "well dear, since your
not hungry, how would you like another, hot tea enema, like the one I brewed for
you 5 days ago?". The threat of enduring another one of Kate's hot enema's,
convinced, Jinx, to start drinking and eating from her dish. After, Jinx
finished her meal, Kate spoke to her lovely pet "well luv, I know you had plenty
of time in the cellar to consider your future as my pet, I want to know if you
plan on obeying from now on like a good girl or do you still wish to defy me".
Jinx, looked up at her lovely mistress, and decided to use this opportunity to
try and convince Kate to release her, so Jinx said very sweetly "Kate, you are
very lovely, elegant lady, and I am sure there are millions of men and women
that would be delighted to have the distinct privilege of spending the rest of
there life with you, but, I'm just not a lesbian or the type of person that was
meant to be owned as a slave. Besides, its wrong to keep a person locked up
against their will, I am sure a bright, loving lady like yourself understands
this.". Kate, smiled lovingly at Jinx, then caressed her lovely black hair, and
said in a tender sweet british voice "my luv, those are such kind sentiments,
and sure you spent the last 5 days, perfecting that lovely speech, hoping, I
would free you, but, unfortunately, I intend to keep you, as my pet for the rest
of your life. So, enough, with this free me rubbish, its time for that bath I
promised you before, darling", a few seconds later, Kate, grabbed Jinx's leash,
and used it to walk her pet outside to her court yard. Once, Jinx, was in the
courtyard, Kate walked her pet up to a metal light post, that had a outside
water hose, a stun gun and 12 metal chains with padlocks laying next to it.
Once, Jinx was near the post, Kate, helped her pet to stand up, and she ordered
Jinx, to stand up against the light post. Once, her pet, was standing up against
the post, Kate, picked up two metal chains, and wrapped them around Jinx's neck
and secured them with there attached padlocks. Once, Jinx's neck was tightly
secured against the post, Kate, picked up the stun gun, and put it right in
front of her pets face, turned it on to demonstrated its power and said very
sternly, "dear, I am aware that the NSA taught you how to fight, if you try
anything against me, or don't remain perfectly still while I remove your
clothes, I will shock you with this device, understand, luv?". Jinx, replied
with a very respectful "yes,mam". After, Jinx replied to her, Kate began
removing Jinx's clothing. The first item kate removed, was the leather
glove that tightly secured her pets arms, then, Kate removed Jinx's brown
leather gloves, and then Kate removed her pets thigh high leather spiked leather
boots. Once, the gloves and boots were removed off her Jinx's body, Kate,
removed the tight brown leather catsuit from her pets lovely body. Once, the
catsuit was off Jinx's lovely light dark skinned body, Kate, noticed that the
awful mouse traps she had applied to Jinx's, breasts were still firmly attached
to Jinx's nipples, Kate, took a few moments to admire, how lovely her pets
breasts, looked while painfully clamped. After, taking a few moments, to
appreciate Jinx's breasts, Kate, picked up the remaining metal chains with
padlocks and used them to tightly bind Jinx against the light pole from neck
down to her feet. Once, Jinx was tightly chained against the light pole, Kate
walked up to her pet and said "dear, I am about to give you a nice 6 hour bath,
I hope you enjoy it, luv". A few seconds later, Kate, picked up the nearby hose
and began spraying her pet with ice cold water. Immediately, Jinx began
to scream, as the freezing cold water cruelly sprayed against her lovely light
dark skin. For Jinx, every drop of the chilly water, felt like a sting of a whip
snapping cruelly her lovely bound form. With each passing moment, the pain
caused by the stinging, ice cold water intensified, and as Jinx's pain
intensified, so did the volume of her tormented screams. Kate, enjoyed listening
to her pets tormented screams of agony, and she thought the sounds emitting from
her pets vocal cords were adorable, however, after,several moments, Jinx's,
constant howling, began, to hurt Kate's ear drums. So, Kate, momentarily, turned
off the water hose, and ran inside her home to get Jinx's, penis gag to silence
her noisy pet. A few moments later, Kate returned with Jinx's mouth stuffing 11"
penis gag, and placed the cruel plastic thing back in her lovely pets mouth, and
after, the gag, was stuffed securely in Jinx's mouth, Kate, proceeded to spray
her lovely pet with the cruel water for the next 6 hours. After, she was done
giving her pet her a bath with the water hose, Kate, spoke to lovely pet and
said "there, sweetie you smell nice and clean, I am going to let you dry off on
the light post overnight. Before, I leave you, I want you to know, while, you
were locked in my cellar, I purchased several toys and items of apparel for you,
Because, you have provided with me with so much fun, for the last 6 hours, I am
going to let you start using some of the items I bought for you, wait here
darling, I'll be right back". A few moments later, Kate, returned to her bound
pet, holding 2 items in her hand. The first item Kate presented to Jinx, was a
set of ominous looking metal teethed nipple clamps, as she showed her pet the
clamps Kate said lovingly "my dear, after, I put those mouse traps on your
nipples 5 days ago, it came to my attention, your breasts looked so beautiful,
with something clamped to them so, I took the liberty of purchasing these for
you, I hope you don't mind me removing those ugly looking mouse traps, but, I
feel these teethed clamps, are far more fashionable than what your wearing now,
so, I hope you enjoy them". A few moments later, the ugly mouse traps were
removed from Jinx's lovely nipples and replaced with the sharped teeth nipple
clamps that bit painfully into Jinx's breasts. After, the clamps were bitting
into Jinx's breasts, Kate, presented the other present to her pet which, was a
beautiful, skin tight black leather mask, that was designed to cover up every
part of a female face and head except for the womans eyes and nostrils. Before,
putting the lovely mask on her pet, Kate said to Jinx, "I hope you like this
lovely mask as much as I do, I spent hours shopping for a lovely mask for you
and think this by far and large the most gorgeous mask I could find, it even
matches some of the other outfits I bought for you, I hope you like it luv". A
few moments later, the lovely black leather mask covered the face of her lovely
pet. Before, she left Jinx for the evening Kate, decided to reveal to Jinx one
of the many plans she had in store for her, so she said to her pet "you look
ravishing darling, with your new mask and clamps, I want you to know I have
another little surprise in store for you, because, of your attempts to sweet
talk me into releasing you and your disobedient behavior 5 days ago when I tried
to kiss you, I am convinced you are not yet dedicated to being a good pet, and
that you are in need of severe discipline, so, I have decided to hire a gorgeous
professional dominatrix to help train you into being an more obedient pet, and
make you more dedicated to your life as a slave, the dominatrix, I intend to
hire, is very lovely, and I am sure you will like her. I am going to give her a
call in a few minutes, to see if she can begin training you tomorrow, have a
nice evening dear". After, revealing this to her pet, Kate kissed Jinx's leather
masked and penis gagged face and left her alone in her court yard, chained
securely to her light post. Unfortunately, for poor Jinx, it began to rain a few
moments after her mistress left her. A few moments after, Kate, left Jinx,
chained to the court yard light post, it began to rain heavily. As, the cold
rain began to pour, Jinx, was once again, subjected to the icy cold sensations,
of freezing water punishing her naked flesh. As, Jinx, continued to suffer in
the freezing rain, her owner, Kate, sat down on her living room couch, then she
turned on her television, and picked up her cordless phone and called the lovely
dominatrix that she had mentioned to Jinx, to see if she could start with Jinx's
obedience training in the morning. As, Kate, spoke to the lovely dominatrix on
the phone, she noticed, the weather report was on tv, and that the forecaster on
the news was calling for severe non-stop rain and bad weather for the next four
days. Upon, hearing this news, Kate, looked out her living room window, and
smiled when she saw her light post chained pet being pounded with freezing rain.
After, seeing this lovely, sight, Kate, asked the dominatrix "how would you like
to start working four days from now?". After,she was done speaking to the sweet
voiced dominatrix, Kate hung up the phone, and staired at the shivering form
connected to her light post. As, Kate, continued starring at her freezing pet,
she began to feel incredibly aroused, by the suffering she was inflicting to
Jinx. As Kate, staired at Jinx, she began to think of how, she, always, loved
the sight of seeing other women in rigid bondage, and she always wanted to own
and dominate another women. In fact, Kate, soon, began to think of her ultimate
sexual fantasy, which, was to own a tough, strong willed women, that would
stubbornly, resist her, until she was finally broken into being an obedient
docile pet. Kate, also began thinking about the time she learned of Jinx's NSA
exploits, and how, she, immediately, knew Jinx, was the only creature that could
fulfill her fantasy. As Kate, continued, thinking about her fantasies and the
critical role her freezing pet played in them, she began, to start fingering her
lovely vagina. As soon as, Kate started fingering herself, she noticed a box of
new toys she had purchased for Jinx, laying next to her couch, and in the box
was a huge 11" plastic vibrator, without, a seconds hesitation, Kate, reached
for her pets toy and began to use it to work her moist wet vagina to a much
needed explosive orgasm. When Kate, was thru, with that first orgasm, she worked
herself to another and another and another. After, spending several hours
working herself, to "countless" exhausting orgasms, Kate, put the now sticky
dildo, back in her pets toy box, lit a much needed cigarette and laid back on
her couch staring at the lovely drenched form attached to her light post. After,
Kate enjoyed the creamy smoke from her cigarette, she decided to go upstairs,
take a shower, and go to bed, so, her body could recover from the delicious
abuse Kate had inflicted to her body. For, the next four rainy days, Kate,
masturbated frequently, while she enjoyed watching her light post bound pet,
suffer as the water continued to pour non-stop against her tightly bound body.
Four days later, when the rain stopped pouring against her tightly bound
body,Jinx, noticed a black BMW pull in the driveway of Kate's beautiful mansion.
About, 20 minutes after seeing the BMW, Jinx saw her mistress walk out into the
courtyard with a beautiful brown haired woman with lovely blue eyes, that was
dressed up in a sexy black leather biker babe style outfit. Kate, introduced the
brown haired woman to Jinx as soon as they walked up to her, "Jinx, this is
Chasey Lain, she is the dominatrix that I spoke to you about and she will
staying here for a while and will be helping me to make you an obedient pet, in
addition the training, Chasey, will be helping me play with you too, so, say hi
to Chasey", Jinx replied thru her penis gag and leather mask with a "mmphhhhh".
After, Jinx, made muffled noise, Chasey, replied to her in with a sweet "hello,
Jinx, your beautiful owner, Kate, has told me all about, you, I am looking
forward to helping you correct your naughty, behavior and playing with you".
After, Chasey, was introduced to Jinx, Kate asked the lovely dominatrix to help
her, unchain her pet from the light post, and help her, place a new slave girl
outfit on Jinx, that she had purchased for her. An hour later, Jinx, was now
dressed in a new sexy skin tight black leather catsuit, beautiful new black
leather thigh high boots with spiked heels, and a new black leather arm sleeve
that tightly bound her arms behind her back. In addition to these new items,
Jinx, still wore her penis gag, leather mask, dog collar and leash, leg irons,
and her painful metal teethed clamps that were now tucked painfully under her
leather catsuit. Once, Jinx, was dressed in her sexy new attire, Kate, ordered
her pet on all fours, handed her pets leash to Chasey, and let the lovely
dominatrix walk her pet while she showed the lovely dominatrix her estate.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  steve379


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





