BDSM Library - Perpetually Pregnant




Perpetually Pregnant
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: An offbeat breeder tail. Father and daughter do the horizontal tango. Daughter then encounters/visits Aliens (intent on continuing their species through human incubation and delivery) and gets involved with Voodoo pregnancy (Zombie rape) before returning home.
"Perpetually Pregnant" by Ed

Part 1 Daddy dearest (Mg, inc, preg, size, Mdom, extreme)
Part 2 Alien queen (Alien, preg, fetus rape, extreme)
Part 3 My daughter was a Zombie (Voodoo, preg, size, extreme)
Part 4 No place like home (inc, preg, ghosts, lactation, extreme)

This story is strictly for adults who are into the Fetish codes listed. If
you're a minor, DO NOT READ. If you're looking for "normal" Heterosexual XXX
material to get off on, DO NOT READ. If reading "dirty" stories, such as this,
violates your community standards or religious convictions, DO NOT READ.
Remember God is watching. Don't piss him off. Pay attention to codes, as this is
very hardcore stuff. Since codes change between Parts, I've listed them per
section. In this way Parts can be read independent of each other. Author does
not condone, or engage in, any activities presented. This is fantasy. If you
cannot differentiate between fantasy and reality you're either nuts and/or a
liberal. Not sure which is worse. As always, criticism/feedback, both good and
bad, is appreciated. Please address all comments to EdNNJDBA@aol.com or
EdNNJ44@yahoo.com        

Story is dedicated to my German friend with an Alien addiction and my pretty AOL
"Virgin Sacrifice". It has 4 Parts.

Synopsis - An offbeat breeder tail. Father and daughter do the horizontal tango.
Daughter then encounters/visits Aliens (intent on continuing their species
through human incubation and delivery) and gets involved with Voodoo pregnancy
(Zombie rape) before returning home.
 
Part 1 Daddy dearest (Mg, inc, preg, size, Mdom, extreme)

"GOD DADDY! Please go slower. You're splitting me!" Bev's cries and moans
reverberated through the room. Her 13 year-old cunt strained to stretch against
her fathers massive organ. Bev's father was relentless. Sweat pored from his
face as he held up his daughter's legs and slowly inched his cock in. Leaning
over he licked one of Bev's naked soles and thought how much it tasted like her
mother. Same size, same tender arch, same rounded toes, same aroma. It's been
five years since her mother disappeared. Bev was now the "lady" of the house and
needed to take care of her Daddy's needs. She's been sucking him off for quite a
while. This is the first time he's penetrated her. Now that she had her first
period, Daddy was going to make her a real woman. "It hurts Daddy, it hurts real
bad!" Bev was in tears. Blood trickled out from between the rampaging rod and
Bev's taunt pussy. Seeing the red prize, Bev's father pushed deeper. The virgin
blood now acted as lube for his thick dong. Ignoring his daughters cries he
rammed his cock home. Bev's body shook trying to dislodge the monster. She could
feel the head deep in her womb squeezing through her cervix. She never felt so
full, so much a woman, so much pain. Her Daddy let go of her feet and laid on
top of her. Instinctively her legs tried to wrap themselves tight around his
massive back. His hairy chest heaved like a giant bear over her smooth tiny
mounds. "Remember your promise to not cum inside Daddy. You promised to not cum
inside!" Bev pleas were unanswered. Her father just grunted and started his
fucking motion. Course chest hairs rubbed like sandpaper against her pretty red
cheeks. She could smell his sweaty aroma as he pistoned into her. Pinned under a
massive body, her most private parts being invaded, Bev thought if she should
try and fight back. "Is this what it means to be a woman. To be totally
dominated. To be an instrument for man's pleasure. To endure pain and
humiliation ..." Bev's thoughts of freedom and servitude trailed off as her
pussy began to glow. Her inborn, feminine response to the fucking was taking
hold. The massive shaft now slid smoothly into her deepest passages. Bev found
herself moaning with pleasure vs pain. The heels of her feet dug into her
father's ass. She tried to pull him closer. "Fuck me Daddy. Fuck me Daddy", was
Bev's new mantra. She could feel her tits tingle against his. A total feeling of
"warmth" engulfed her. Moans got louder and deeper. Sweat glistened off her
heaving body. With a final "thrust" she felt her father's cock fully bury
itself. His body stiffened. Her pussy felt the contractions in his shaft as wave
after wave of sperm was shot deep inside her womb. Pleasure gave way to fear as
the potent sperm flooded in. Bev lay crying. "You promised. You promised...",
she kept repeating between sobs. Her Father pulled out his limp organ and stood
over the crying girl. "Now you're a real woman honey. Hope your pussy stays as
tight as it was today. You're one hell of a fuck. Even better than your mom. Now
I want you to keep a pillow under you and stay still for a while. That way all
my nice sperm has a better chance of knocking up one of your eggs. Oh don't look
at me like that! I timed this fuck so you'd get pregnant. You really thought
those urine tests and funny looking "vitamins" where for your health! You're
going to grow a big belly. You're going to have tons of babies. You're going to
be a fuck toy, wet nurse and breeder all rolled into one. And when you're
pregnant, I'll start ramming your tight little brown hole. Cry all you want to
honey. You have no choice." Bev lay still as he took a pillow, lifted up her
legs and slid it under her ass. As he walked out he passed Bev's cousin Nancy
peeking around the doorway. He gave her a sly wink, and went on his way. Bev was
still sobbing when her sixteen year old cousin came into the room. Nancy lay
down next to Bev and stroked her tear stained cheek. "Don't cry baby. I'll take
care of you. Looks like your Daddy wants you pregnant too. Wouldn't it be great
if we had babies together." Nancy made little circles with her finger around
Bev's belly button. "I just wish my Daddy's cock was as big as your Daddy's. 
What's it like to have a monster like that inside you? Just wait till you're
fucked by the rest of the family. I hear uncle Gary is REALLY huge." Bev was too
upset to listen. As Nancy spoke, her fingers left Bev's belly and ventured
toward her sore cunt. Bev was so open, Nancy had no trouble getting her fingers
inside. She let out a yelp as Nancy played with her swollen clit. The
combination Cum and pussy juice formed a little lake inside her. Bev felt
Nancy's lips against her cheek as her fingers frolicked in the silky white ooze.
She grimaced when Nancy grabbed her waist with the other hand and pricked her
ass. She felt warm, and then very tired. The room started to spin and she fell
off to sleep.                     

Part 2 Alien queen (Alien, preg, fetus rape, extreme)

Bev woke up terrified. She was strapped to a table. She tried to speak but
couldn't. Her throat felt like it was on fire. Her body was spread eagle. At
first she thought it was a bad dream. Her next thought was even more terrifying.
"Oh God, I'm paralyzed", she tried to scream. Even her head was immobile. All
she saw was a faint light overhead. After a time, rational thought retuned. She
wasn't paralyzed, but she was bound. The table, though hard, wasn't
uncomfortable. Bev realized it was somehow molded to her shape. The fire in her
throat subsided and only hurt when she tried to speak. She wondered what had
happened. Her pussy felt very open. Terror returned as Bev surmised the truth.
"Daddy's cock must have torn my insides. GOD I'M GOING TO DIE!" Silent tears
streamed down Bev's cheeks as the fire in her throat returned. "There, there
little one. Don't cry. Everything is all right. You're not going to die." The
words echoed in Bev's brain like an old memory. Through her tears she saw a
woman's face looking down at her. "Just do as you're told dear and everything
will be OK. Try not to talk. I've missed you so much. Mommy has been so lonely
without you." Bev's terror turned to joy as she felt her mother's comforting
words. She didn't know how her mother could get inside her head or how she could
read her thoughts, but Bev knew it was her mother and it was real. "Momma I've
missed you so much. What is this place momma? Where am I?" As Bev thought, a
tingling sensation started to grow in her tits. It quickly spread down her
stomach and into her cunt. Her clit began to throb. "Oh Momma! What's happening
to me?" The sensation became more intense. Bev's body was sweating as passion
and pleasure engulfed her young body. She felt her pussy cream and ooze thick
slippery juices. Gutteral moans emanated from her throat as animal urges
controlled her body. She tried to thrust her hips to meet an invisible cock. The
pleasure in her tits and pussy grew more intense. The feeling boarded on pain as
her most sensitive protrusions felt like fire. Her body finally went stiff. The
powerful orgasm sent ripple after ripple of throbbing ecstasy throughout her
body. Exhausted, she drifted off to sleep.

"Wake up sleepy head. Time to get up my baby." Bev again heard her mother within
her mind. She was still restrained, but this time there was no fear. "Hope you
enjoyed your orgasm. The pleasure is quite exquisite. That's how they control
us. Pleasure or pain, it's up to you." Bev was startled. "Who controls us mommy?
What pain? I don't understand." Bev's body was jolted. It was as if every muscle
in her had cramped. The pain was too intense for tears. Her wide open mouth and
silent scream was testament to her agony. Bev wanted to die. Seconds seemed like
minutes. As suddenly as the pain appeared, it stopped. Bev's body went limp and
she began to sob. Through the tears she spied a new face looking down at her. At
first she thought the water had distorted the image. To her horror it had not.
It was the face of a man, she thought, with huge oval eyes. No nose, no ears and
a small circular mouth. He was short, thin and, though seemingly frail, conveyed
a sense of power. As she looked into his eyes pictures emerged in her
sub-conscious. At first they were hazy, but over time became clear. She saw her
mother lying on a table, similar to her own. Her belly was huge an throbbing.
"SUCK ME, SUCK ME", she heard her mom cry over and over. Her body convulsed from
intense multiple orgasms. Her pussy was a wide slit with huge outer lips that
hung down like two giant ear lobes. Clear liquid dripped steadily from the
opening and made a large puddle on the floor. Bev watched in disbelief as a
small humanlike figure emerged. It was covered in slime and caught her mom's
thigh with tiny hooked feet. It's wide eyes blinked a milky fluid. The figure
was both hideous and cute. Straining, the baby Alien turned and climbed back
into her mom's cunt. "SUCK ME", her mom screamed. Somehow Bev managed to see the
Alien baby mouth make it's way towards her mom's throbbing clit. Latching onto
it, like a nipple, the baby drew it into it's mouth and started to suck. Bev's
mom showed the strain of unbridled pleasure by crying hysterically. Tears poured
down her cheeks and mixed with her salty sweat. Bev's own pussy started to
became wet as the images began to fade.  She saw the Alien face above her. This
time, she thought it resembled her cousin Tony. She liked Tony and his muscular
body. Closing her eyes, her pussy got wetter on thoughts of Tony's naked chest.
"AAARGH", moaned Bev as she felt a huge shaft enter her cunt. Deeper and deeper
it sank. Bev winced and closed her eyes tight as her pussy was stretched.
Somehow she saw inside her cunt. A huge blood red shaft was invading her. The
walls of her vagina surrendered to the colossal tool. She saw and felt it break
through her cervix and into the womb. The massive head proudly sprayed gobs of
cum which coated her insides like foam on an oven. Bev felt the muscular pulses
of the shaft against her frail, straining feminine flesh. With each "pulse" her
clit throbbed and sent waves of orgasmic pleasure throughout her body. Bev never
knew she could sustain such powerful, multiple orgasms. Her tits felt like hot
pokers that tingled and burned. Bev felt something in her belly. Once again she
saw inside her womb. Small creatures were emerging from the foam. They swam
towards her defenseless eggs. Ferociously they surrounded them. With tiny little
"dicks" they broke through the soft shells and pumped their seed inside. Some
poor eggs had multiple Aliens on them all fucking and raping at the same time.
Bev saw her eggs grow. Not one, not two but maybe a dozen babies growing inside
her. Larger and larger they got till they began to touch each other. Bev opened
her eyes. Despite her gushing pussy and sore throat she screamed when she saw
her belly. It was growing bigger before her eyes. Tighter and tighter the young
flesh stretched. Her once cute Belly button was now grossly extended.  Sexy teen
flesh that once comprised her stomach, was now road-mapped with veins and blood
vessels. She sobbed hysterically while picturing her belly as a large
basketball, slowly being inflated till it burst. Once again she closed her tear
stained eyes. Looking past the darkness, she saw her babies inside her. They
were squashed together. Each was perfectly formed. All looked Alien except for
one. It was a cute, human baby girl. Bev looked closer. All the Alien babies
were boys. Large penises, disproportionate for there size, stuck out from tiny
bodies. Bev felt her massive tummy heave. She saw the tiny Alien babies try to
rip free from their umbilical cord prison. With small claws they hacked there
way through the stiff tube. Bev watched in horror as they grouped and headed for
her cute baby girl. Bev opened her eyes. Her body was no longer restrained. She
was floating. With misty eyes she looked around. In awe she realized she was now
a baby, floating in her mothers womb. With tiny toes and fingers she poked at
her mother. The umbilical cord pulsed into her tummy. She floated in peace and
serenity. Then she saw them. Tiny oval eyes looking at her. Wherever she turned
she saw them. Bev could not scream. She held the terror inside as her eyes
closed. "OH GOD what's happening to me", she cried. Bev was back, on the table,
watching her hard belly grow still larger. "PLEASE HELP ME! Help me momma, help
me", she pleaded. Instead of her mother the Alien man appeared. He gripped her
wrist and put his head to her giant belly. Bev saw herself with him. They were
standing inside her womb. Bev watched in horror as her Alien sons surrounded her
baby girl. She could see the terror in her daughter's eyes. Swaying cockily, one
of the Alien babies approached her. It reared back and slashed at the umbilical
cord. Again and again it tore into the tube and finally cut through. With firm
hands it took the baby girl and squeezed her sex. The poor helpless girl, free
of her lifeline, plopped down. Like locusts the Alien sons descended on her.
"LEAVE HER ALONE, LEAVE HER ALONE", Bev screamed. "LEAVE MY BABY ALONE!" Bev
tried to flee from her captor but his grip was too tight. She cried and screamed
as each son took his place on top of her daughter and rammed his dick into her
virgin baby cunt. Bev could feel her baby's shame and fright. She was powerless
to stop them. Dick after Dick spread her tiny pussy wide. Small Alien seed spurt
into the virgin girl. Finally it was over. Her baby girl lay like a used rag.
Little beads of cum and blood shone from her nether lips. She didn't move. She
didn't blink. Bev rolled up into a ball at the Aliens feet and cried. "There,
there little one", whispered Bev's mom. "It's alright. Your little daughters
still alive. Soon she'll be born. Just think, she's already pregnant. I've lost
count of how many babies I've had." Bev stopped sobbing and looked up at her
mother. Her Alien captive was gone. "Oh mommy I'm so scared! What's happening to
me! I want to go home. I want to take my baby and go home." Bev once more was
jolted. She was back on the table. Her stomach was deflating. She felt a weird
sensation in her pussy. Suddenly her body jerked as a giant wave of pleasure
passed over her. Someone/something was sucking on her clit. "GOD, OH GOD,
AAARRRGH", she moaned. From her pussy the little Alien babies descended. Some
climbed on her chest and started sucking at her nipples. To Bev's surprise, and
delight, she felt her milk flowing into eager mouths. "SUCK ME! SUCK ME", she
cried in delirium. Soon more babies emerged. Orgasm after orgasm strained her
senses. Her body was exhausted from the strong contractions that rippled inside
her. Her head, rocking from side to side, was stopped by a feminine hand. Bev
looked up to see her cousin, Nancy, standing over her. In her arms she held a
little baby. "Some little girl wants to meet her new mommy", Nancy cooed. "Let's
see if she's hungry." Nancy laid the baby across Bev's chest and placed her tiny
mouth over the leaking nipple. "Hmmm. Best to lay on your side I think",
pondered Nancy. Bev felt Nancy roll her and the baby over. At last the
restraints were gone, though Bev had no idea how. "She's such a cute baby",
Nancy offered. "She's going to make a great breeder. The Aliens should be very
pleased with you." Bev didn't hear her. She was too engrossed with the little
Angel feeding at her breast. Nancy then brought Bev's legs up into a fetal
position and positioned the baby so it was comfortable and still able to suckle.
Stroking her ass, Bev once again felt Nancy pinch it. Once again she fell
asleep. This time smiling as she watched her daughter nurse.

Part 3 My daughter was a Zombie (Voodoo, preg, size, extreme)

"WAKE UP BEV, Wake up! We need to get out of here!" Nancy's cries rang in Bev's
ears. "What's happening? Where's my baby", Bev shouted back. "Come on. We've
landed. If we don't go now we'll never get off this ship!" With those words,
Nancy grabbed a groggy Bev and dragged her away from the Alien menace. "My
mommy, My baby ...", Bev kept repeating as they made there way through the
tropical jungle. Bev ran and ran till she couldn't run anymore. Falling to her
knees, she shouted out for Nancy. Here cousin never answered back. Broken and
exhausted the young girl passed out among the tropical ferns.

Bev awoke to the sounds of sharp "claps". Once again her throat was on fire.
This time she was spread eagle and staked to the ground. She could feel hard
pebbles against her back and the occasional insect crawling over her flesh. She
squirmed to try and dislodge the pebbles and free herself. "It's no use honey.
I'm afraid there's no escape. Just try and relax." Once again Bev's mother
appeared to her and tried to comfort her. Looking around, Bev spied a number of
men. women and children. All were naked. Some sported black markings on their
face and chest. Others chanted and beat wooden sticks. "Where am I momma?
Where's Nancy? Where's my baby!" Bev was understandably upset. Her mother,
however, just stroked her trembling face. An old woman then approached Bev. Her
tits hung almost to the ground. She leaned over and applied some blue ointment
to Bev's nipples. She next opened up Bev's sex and liberally coated her clit
with the same paste. The women then stood up and started to shout. Bev couldn't
understand her but felt her nipples and clit start to tingle. The tingle soon
turned into an itch which started to burn. Bev didn't resist. She threw her
spirit into the sensations forced upon her. Body twitched, pussy pulsed and head
thrashed as Bev gave in to primal urges. Low guttural, animalistic moans
accompanied her orgasm and signaled her acceptance.  Heart racing and breathing
heavy, Bev turned her head to rest. The old woman continued to shout and was now
dancing near an old grave. To Bev's horror the ground began to tremble and she
saw a man emerge from the earth beneath the headstone. He was hideous and large
in stature. His clothes were torn and ragged. Large black feet protruded from
the holes in his tattered shoes. He walked haltingly towards the woman like a
Zombie. Bev could hear the other people chanting in the background. The woman
moved between Bev's outstretched legs and bade the man follow her. Bev strained
her neck trying to see. The man stopped inches from her pussy. She could almost
feel the stench from his feet wafting into her very wet cunt. Bev thought the
man resembled her Uncle Gary. But how could he. Her Uncle wasn't dead. But then,
this man wasn't dead either. Or was he. Bev's thoughts were driving her crazy.
As she struggled against her bonds, she saw the old woman reach into the man's
torn pants and pull out a massive club. "That's not a club", thought Bev. "It
flexes. OH MY GOD! It's a snake!" Bev looked again and realized the truth. The
massive snake was actually a penis.

The old women started to rub the blackened rod with the same salve she put on
Bev's clit and tits. Within seconds the organ began to grow. It was the biggest
dick Bev had ever seen. Even bigger than her fathers. The woman motioned for the
man to kneel between the teens legs. She took the head of the intruder and
rubbed it up and down the moist pussy lips. Bev started to tingle and moan.
"This was OK", Bev thought. "No way is he going to get that thing inside me. The
woman must know this. That's why she's rubbing it on my pussy lips. GOD it feels
so good!" Bev was lost in sex's strong embrace. She almost wished he would
thrust "just a little" into her slippery cunt. Bev got her wish. Except he
didn't stop with a "little" thrust. He was intent on ramming the monster all the
way in. The young teen howled in pain. Blood trickled from her pussy where the
skin stretched so tight it split. She thought back to when her Aunt had a baby
and the doctor cut her pussy so the baby could come out. At least her Aunt had
drugs. Bev knew only pain. She could feel the massive head at her cervix. Surely
he would stop there. It was not to be. The lifeless man leaned his body over
hers like a heavy piece of stone. The woman urged him on. Bev could hear his
feet pushing and sliding against the earth as her ankles strained against their
bonds. His fingers tried to grip the dirt on either side of her for better
traction. Blood mixed with pussy juice and dampened the ground below her ass.
Still the man pushed. "STOP, STOP! FOR GODS SAKE STOP! YOU'RE KILLING ME!" The
fire in Bev's throat was minor compared to what her feminine passages now
endured. The woman motioned for two of the men to come over and brace the
Zombie's feet. She then instructed a young girl to sit at Bev's head. The
youngster was around her age and totally nude. She knelt behind Bev and raised
the poor girls head so it was nestled against her hairless cunt. The girl then
gently placed her hands on Bev's shoulders. Bev looked up to see the girls cute
little nipples sticking out from tiny mounds. The girl looked down at Bev and
smiled. Despite her agony, Bev managed to smile back. As she did so a sharp pain
raced through her. With one mighty push, the inhuman sized head had broken
through her cervix. Bev could feel the man inch closer to her pussy as his staff
tore deeper into her. Her insides were on fire. Finally his hard balls rubbed
into her hairless cunt. His dick was deep within her womb. With her head now
elevated, Bev could see the skin on her tummy jump from the monster poking
around inside. Bev knew she was going to die. The old woman came over and began
to chant an incantation over Bev's belly. The others joined in and soon everyone
was kneeling close to Bev. She could see the men's erect dicks and the women's
glistening cunts. Then they started to rub her. Hands were everywhere as they
massaged the young girl. For a short time, Bev lost the pain and concentrated on
this new, not so unpleasant, sensation.  Suddenly, Bev felt a rippling in her
pussy. For a moment she thought it was an orgasm surging through her. But she
was not close to cumming. As the ripples and waves continued, Bev became
cognizant of the truth. Crying hysterically, she kept repeating "NO, NO, PLEASE
GOD NO ...." Her pleas fell on deaf ears. The Zombie continued to pump. Wave
after wave of sperm flowed through the massive dick and into Bev's unprotected
womb. Finally it was over. The deflated organ snaked its way out of the young
girl and the Zombie retreated. Bev could feel a stream of cum and sperm flowing
out her damaged tube and overwhelming the blood stained ground. The people
retreated and the girl who had held Bev's head, silently placed it back on the
cool earth. The old woman leaned over. Tough buds from her wrinkled, sagging
breasts brushed against Bev's taught nipples. The young, scared girl thought of
that old saying "Cold as a Witches tit." Slowly the old woman leaned further
down and spoke to Bev. "Don't worry my child. He has put enough seed in you to
fill ten bellies. That which is flowing from you will nourish new life. That
which remains in you has already given life. I can feel your children growing.
Four new lives from one dead one. Can you feel them getting bigger? Larger and
larger they become. See how your belly shines." Bev listened and felt her
stomach growing. Her teen flesh stretched thin and taut over the grotesquely
large sphere. She thought back to her time on the Alien ship. She didn't think
it possible, but she was bigger than before. The woman stood up and squatted
before the still flowing cunt. Her old cracked toes squished in the now muddy
earth. Bev felt a rumbling in her stomach. She was being poked and pushed from
within. The old woman took her arm and thrust it up the widened hole. Bev gasped
and moaned as the hand quickly made it's way past her cervix and into her womb.
She screamed as the woman thrashed her hand inside. Bev could feel the old lady
grab onto something and start pulling. Inhuman sounds pierced the dusk as the
woman pulled out a fully formed baby. Bev was delirious with pain. Blood and cum
intertwined with newborn fluid and gushed into the soil. The old woman bit
through the umbilical cord and spit a chunk on the ground. Her baby wept. One of
the women ran over and took it away. Half conscious, Bev twice more felt the old
woman in her womb. Only the glimpse of naked girls feet walking past, signaled
that her babies had been delivered. Bev felt her life being taken from her. She
was too weak to struggle. Too exhausted to yell or cry. Too drained to think
clearly. She awaited death silently, willingly. One last time the old woman
stuck her hand far up into Bev. There was no resistance to its invasion. Bev lay
passive as the last baby was taken out. She looked through glassy eyes as the
woman stood up and gnawed through the rubbery cord with rotting teeth. Nancy
appeared, took the baby and placed it on Bev's chest. "Aren't you lucky honey!
Its another girl! Look at the size of her cunt! Won't be long till she'll be
having babies of her own. Breeders just seem to "pop" out of you. I hear your
momma was the same way." Bev was no longer bound. With sore arms she hugged the
baby sleeping on her chest. "I want my mommy. I want to go home", Bev softly
sobbed. The old woman appeared and closed Bev's eyelids. "Rest little one", was
all she said.

Part 4 No place like home (inc, preg, ghosts, lactation, extreme)

Bev awoke. She was back in her old room. Her cunt still tingled, but there was
little pain. "A dream", she thought for a second. "It was all a dream." The
smile on her face was short lived for, once again, she found herself tied spread
eagle to the bed. The fire was still present in her throat as she tried to call
out. She heard voices. Familiar voices. There was, however, no one in the room.
Staring at the ceiling, an apparition appeared out of the overhead light. It was
a beautiful woman with long curly hair. "Don't be afraid my baby. Mommy is
watching over you. Mommy is always watching", the ghostly figure assured. "OH
MOMMY. I love you so much. What's happening to me? Why am I like this? Help me
mommy. PLEASE HELP ME!" Bev started to cry. Watery eyes saw her mother float
down and tenderly kiss her cheek. Then other ghosts appeared in the room. Some
floated and some stood by her bed. They were all naked and sporting erections.
Bev thought some looked like her relatives. The others had faces too distorted
to recognize. Her momma was the only woman. Bev knew she should be scared, but
she wasn't. After what she's been through, how could ghosts frighten her. How
could anything frighten her ever again. One by one, Bev looked in amazement as
the spirits twirled faster above her. At first they formed a large cloud, which
somehow formed into a long chain of smoke. Bev watched as an end of the chain
made it's way towards her pussy. Faster and faster it approached till Bev felt
her pussy open and the string of ghosts fly inside. Her clit and tits throbbed
as the ghosts twirled within. Amazingly, Bev saw her belly grow. Bigger and
bigger it became. She marveled at how it could be so huge yet not hurt. Bev's
body was in the throes of an impending orgasm. All her senses concentrated on
carnal pleasures. Bev saw her stomach break away from her body and sail above
her head. Like a giant flesh balloon it floated near the ceiling. Bev saw the
balloon undulate and knew it was full of children. Her own body began to twitch
a pre-orgasmic dance. The floating belly burst as Bev's guttural moans announced
her cumming to the world. Through pulses of pleasure, Bev watched as hundreds of
escaped, ghostly fetuses swam and cavorted around the room. "MY BABIES! MY
BABIES", Bev cried. Switching between happiness and despair, laughter and tears,
Bev was awed  at the spectacle. She heard the door open and a few moments later
saw Nancy looking down at her. Her babies and the rest of the ghosts were gone.
"Well I see you're finally awake. It's milking time my sweet." As Nancy spoke
she reached under the bed and pulled out some apparatus. Bev couldn't see but
heard her working. When Nancy reappeared she had two large glass vials with
tubes attached. She spread some gel over Bev's nipples and placed the tubes over
them. With a sly grin she then reached down and turned on the machine. Bev
jumped as her tits were sucked deep into the glass tubes. The pain was intense.
After a few minutes, just as Bev was getting use to it, the machine started to
pulse. It sucked then relaxed, sucked then relaxed. Over and over the machine
relentlessly "fucked" her tits. Bev watched the tubes as clear, milky liquid
descended down them to the floor. The sensation on her nipples started to arouse
the young teen. Her mind was getting clearer. She turned her head toward Nancy
and realized that her cousin was not only naked but very pregnant. With the fire
in her throat almost gone, Bev was eager to talk. "What's going on? Why am I
strapped down? When did you get pregnant? Who's the father? Where's my daddy?
Why are you sucking out my milk? Where are my babies!" Bev was getting more
agitated as her stream of questions continued. Nancy, ignoring her, calmly drew
a syringe from the nightstand and plunged it into Bev's ass. With a wicked grin,
she then reached down and turned a dial on the milker. Instantly Bev screamed as
the machine sucked harder and faster. Once again the room spun as a tortured Bev
fell unconscious.

"Ken! How are you doing? Come on in." Bev's father greeted Uncle Ken at the
door. It's been years since he's seen him. Nancy, still naked, also came over
and gave her Uncle a hug. "My, my Nancy. Look at you. What a cute little
breeder. What are those marks though on your belly and ass?" Nancy hung her head
in shame. "Nancy's been naughty", Bev's father explained. "She put the milk
machine on high and nearly tore Bev's tits off. Good thing I got there in time.
For punishment, her father suspended her from the ceiling and strapped her ass
and pregnant belly. She damn near miscarried. You should have seen her belly
dance." Ken and Bev's father started laughing at the reference to "belly dance".
Nancy continued to look down and walk away. Bev's dad walked with Ken towards
his daughter's room. "The drugs we've been giving Bev are working great. Better
than expected. She lives in a constant fantasyland. They keep her docile, very
fertile, improve milk production and keep her in a constant state of arousal.
There's also an ingredient that affects her vocal chords. It makes her feel pain
if she tries to speak. After all, no one likes a chatty cow." Once again, the
men laughed. "How many has she had so far? Are they all boys", Ken queried.
"She's had more than her fair share. Two were girls. They'll make fine breeders.
She's had a few miscarriages. But fewer than we expected. With the drugs also
accelerating growth, it's amazing she hasn't had more problems. Gary was with
her a few weeks back. Damn near tore her in half. Just like her mother, the Doc
needed to enlarge her hole. She'll be OK from now on. In a few weeks we'll move
her to the farm. Then she can lie beside her mother and they can breed
together." The men finally approached Bev's room. They opened the door and
examined the sleeping teen. Her tits and breast were huge from the constant
milking and sucking. Her pussy was wide open and moist. Her stomach was
crisscrossed with ugly stretch marks. Tubes led from both her bladder and ass to
bags on the floor. Ken quickly jumped out of his clothes and masturbated over
the helpless form. Bev's father got a "tampon like" tube out of the nightstand
and plugged it up his daughter's pussy. "This will make her nice and tight. Just
be sure to take it out before you fuck her." Bev's father left the room. When
her Uncle was hard enough, he pulled out the girls catheter. It was more
difficult getting out the thin tube because her cunt had contracted and held it
tight. Finally, he managed to extract it. He then ruthlessly plunged his dick up
her tight cunt.

Bev was sweating. Her body was heaving. The large Alien above her was ramming
his huge dick up her tight hole. It felt so good to finally have a cock in her.
She must have been on the table for hours begging to cum. The Alien looked down
at her. His big oval eyes reflected the white lights surrounding them. In the
midst of her passion Bev started to panic. "I hope he doesn't cum inside! PLEASE
don't cum inside me!" Bev reeled at the fire in her throat as she tried to
speak. She felt the Alien cock in her womb. She saw the sperm coat her eggs. Her
little Alien babies were sucking on her clit. "AAARRRGGGHHH!" Bev came. It was a
massive orgasm. Breathing heavily, her vagina still contracting, she saw the
Alien pulling out of her. She followed his form as he walked out of view. "Hmm",
she thought. "He kind of reminds me of Uncle Ken."

The end.

It's always a pleasure to correspond with my readers. If you've cum this far, I
assume you've read the entire piece. Let me know what turned you on and/or off.
Suggestions for future stories/scenes are also appreciated. Please address all
comments to EdNNJDBA@aol.com       




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Ed


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





