BDSM Library - Joshua and Sandra




Joshua and Sandra
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This is a very long story (or a very short novel).  A young black man has an obsession for his white college professor.  He rapes her, then proceeds upon a course of bending her to his domination, via gang rapes, sandwiched around an episode of white slavery (literally, as well as figuratively).
				  Joshua and Sandra: A Romance					



Chapter One:



     It started with Friedrich Nietzsche, that most perverse and disreputable of
philosophers.

     More precisely, the course of events which were soon to unfold, picked up
an irresistible momentum with Sandra Jansen's lecture on the philosopher, to her
Philosophy 110 class.

     Joshua Washington sat in the front row of the class. 

     On the first day of class he had taken a seat in the back of the room. 
Once he saw what the instructor looked like, he made sure to be in the front row
ever since.

     Sandra Jansen was blonde.  Her short curly hair closely helmeted her head. 
She had a body which was both petite and athletic looking at the same time.  Her
breasts weren't especially large, but they still turned him on.  They were
widely separated, and seemed to point downwards slightly.  Sometimes Joshua saw,
or maybe only imagined, her nipples poking through her bra and whatever top she
had on.

     She was pretty.  Oh, man, Joshua had thought, she's beautiful.  Delicate
features, straight nose, with a slightly rounded and upturned tip.  She had
distinct cheekbones, which seemed to set off  her green eyes.

     After seeing her, he assumed she would probably be a disappointment as an
instructor.  He somehow doubted that she could be capable as well as beautiful.  
However, she was special that way, also.

    She knew the subject matter. She was enthusiastic, and she was able to
communicate that enthusiasm to her students.  She felt that the ideas of the
philosophers they were discussing really mattered, that those ideas had
relevance to real life.  In addition, she sought out student input.  Her
lectures often became stimulating dialogues and debates.  Today she was
lecturing on a philosopher that figured to capture the students' interest.

      "...so, we come to the heart of Nietzsche's philosophy, when we examine
his hostility to Christianity.  He regarded Christianity as constituting what he
called a 'slave mentality.'  What he basically meant by this is that
Christianity developed as a religion for people who were afraid of truly
superior humans.  So these weaklings would preach forgiveness, submission to
fate and to the will of God.  They hoped - and prayed!  (class laughter) - that
men superior to themselves in strength and courage would adhere to this same
belief in humility and meekness.  This man who is superior to his fellows,
Nietzsche referred to as his infamous Superman.  Maybe the best way to describe
what Nietzsche meant by the Superman, is that he's a man who feels no obligation
to obey the moral rules of society.  He can, and will do whatever he chooses. 
And, according to Nietzsche, he's right to do so!  Yes, Mr. Burns," she said as
a student raised his hand.

      "With all due respect, and I know this guy's supposed to be an important
philosopher, that's crazy!  If nobody obeyed the rules of society, we would have
anarchy."

      Ms. Jansen laughed.  "That's a common rebuttal to Nietzsche.  But what he
would have argued back, is that people with slave mentalities will always end up
obeying and honoring someone stronger than them.  Most people are weak, and will
always actually desire and need someone stronger to rule them.   Nietzsche would
argue that that someone should be a person of vision and courage and
independence, rather than, say a Jerry Falwell."  There was more laughter from
the students.

     Joshua listened to her and watched her, fascinated.  She always had an
intelligent and to-the-point response to anything the students said.  She was
only a few years older than her students, but was light years ahead of them
intellectually. But fuck the intellectual thing, Joshua thought to himself.  He
couldn't keep his eyes off her.  He watched every movement, caught the swell of
her breasts as she would take a deep breath. He didn't miss the movement of her
ass cheeks in tight jeans, when she would turn to the blackboard to write
something.  He undressed her with his eyes, trying to imagine what her body
would look like without clothes. 

     Joshua had never had a particular "thing" for white women, having lived all
his life in the local inner city ghetto, and never having much interaction with
whites, male or female.  His one sexual encounter with a white woman had been
with a flabby middle aged whore.  She had lived within a poor white part of
town, bordering the black ghetto.  He had achieved orgasm only after strenuous
efforts on her part.  The cheap portrait of Jesus, which hung over the head of
her bed, had looked down in pious disapproval. 

     Looking at Ms. Jansen, however, Joshua knew he wouldn't have had any such
problems with her.  His attention suddenly returned to the discussion, as he
caught the tenor of another student question.

     "...do you think about his views about morality?"

     "I don't like to give my own views about something like this, Ms. Sanders. 
My function is to convey the views of these philosophers, and leave it to all of
you to develop your own response."

     Joshua raised his hand.

     "Yes, Mr. Washington?"

     "Let me get this straight.  According to Nietzsche, there's nothing that is
really prohibited?  Murder, rape, robbery, genocide, whatever?"  He leaned
forward, and waited intently for her response.

     "That's exactly what he would have had to concede, if he had been asked
that question.  In fact, there was an infamous murder case back in the twenties,
or thirties, I think.  Two college students, as it so happened (heavy emphasis
in her voice, laughter from the class), who had been studying Nietzsche, decided
they were free to violate the rules of society.  They kidnapped a young boy, and
raped and murdered him."  She shrugged.  "There was nothing "wrong" with this,
if you accept Nietzsche's premise, i.e. there is no god, therefore there are no
rules, therefore the truly superior man will make his own rules.  And you
mentioned rape, Mr. Washington.  Well, Nietzche's views of women were so
negative, as to make him a misogynist. He felt women were weak vessels, designed
by nature to serve men.  So maybe he would specifically agree about the issue of
rape that you mentioned."

     Joshua had been leaning forward, waiting for her answer.  He sat back,
taking a deep breath as he did so.  His mind wandered the rest of the session.




Chapter Two:



Joshua continued to be preoccupied by the issues raised in the Nietzsche
lecture.  They festered within his mind.  He continued to attend all classes and
do all his required work.  But almost all his free time was spent mulling over
the question of whether right and wrong existed.    

     If there were no built in rules, life would be crazy.  On the other hand,
newspapers and TV proved every day that there were people who didn't believe in
rules. People who did what they wanted, to whom they wanted, as long as they
could get away with it - and many times, even if they couldn't get away with it. 

     The black ghetto itself proved Nietzsche's belief that there were no rules. 
It was a self-contained society in which the strong ruled, and acted based only
on what they desired.  They took what they wanted to take.

     Nietzsche's vision wasn't just some philosophical idea.  It was Joshua's
actual world  The thugs who ran his world accurately fit the description of
Nietzsche's Superman, as Ms. Jansen had described it.  This realization
initially depressed him.  He was following the rules, when others in his world
weren't.  Joshua realized that the ghetto gangs which ruled his world did so
through casual murder.  He knew that just wasn't him.  His mind continued to
gnaw at these thoughts, like a hungry dog with a bone.  His preoccupation with
this entire train of thoughts was constantly interspersed with thoughts and
images of Ms. Jansen. 

      From the first day of class, Joshua had had an intense crush on her.  Now
two obsessively ran through his mind.   One, there are no rules.  Two, he would
love to fuck the beautiful Ms. Jansen.  One, two, one, two, one, two...

    He finally reached a surprising conclusion: he wouldn't hesitate to take
her, against her will, if he could.  There was the rub, though; as much as he
wanted to fuck her, he didn't want to end up in prison for the privilege.  But
what if there were ways to have her that would eliminate or reduce the chance of
legal retribution?  He could wear a ski mask, for example, so she wouldn't know
him.  No, there is still DNA evidence.  Well, what about a ski mask and a
condom?  Joshua didn't know how sophisticated DNA technology was, but there were
stories every day about the latest technical wonders.  One single body hair, and
it would be all over. 

     How to be able to fuck Ms. Jansen had now become a problem to solve, and he
continued to work at it.  Finally, a possibility occurred to him.  He tossed it
and turned it.  He began to build up resolve to try it, and then backed away,
afraid he wouldn't be able to pull it off.  But he continued to see Ms Jansen
three days a week, and her pull on him became increasingly irresistible.  And
the more intense his desire for her became, the more he thought that he could
pull it off.  And the more he wanted her, the more he thought, what the hell, it
was worth the risk.

     Joshua walked into the Office of Records one brilliant and sunny morning,
and filed the paperwork to drop her class.  He never returned to it.




Chapter Three:



     Joshua had always been focused and organized.  That was why, unlike any of
his long time buddies, he was on a determined path to get out of the ghetto.  He
was taking classes at the junior college so he could transfer to a four-year
university.  He wasn't sure what degree he would eventually go after, but his
decision would be based on whatever would make him a valuable commodity in the
job market.  Whatever degree course he took, he would have to be better than his
competition.  Joshua was under no illusions: his ebony skin was a major
drawback.  He would have to succeed in spite of the obstacle.

     Joshua brought his virtues of focus, organization and determination to his
now obsessive goal of having a naked Ms. Jansen, helpless and at his complete
mercy.

 One day at the end of her last class, he followed her to the faculty area of
the parking lot.  He wrote down her license plate number.  He had Ray, a friend
who worked at the Department of Motor Vehicles, check out her address. 

     Joshua made several trips to her home, to scope it out.  It was perfect! 

     She lived in a house out in the country.  The setting was peaceful.  Large
trees surrounded the house, providing dense shade.  The songs of countless birds
whistled continuously.  Ground squirrels ran around, in a constant search for
food.  The house was set back well off the road.  The nearest houses were a
quarter of a mile away on one side, and almost half a mile on the other.
Directly across the country highway, facing her house, was a large field of
grapevines.  

     Joshua sat in his car, looking at the house.  He imagined being inside,
alone with her, in this house in the middle of nowhere.  He pictured her nude,
and completely in his power, having to accept anything he wanted to do - and
having to do anything he demanded.  All doubts and hesitations were gone.  He
was going to do it. 




Chapter Four:



     Joshua devoted a lot of time to developing his plans. Oh, not so much the
rape.  He could easily overpower the young woman. The heart of Joshua's plan was
to consummate events in such a way that Ms. Jansen wouldn't go to the cops.  He
would accomplish this by compelling her to take pleasure in her own defilement. 
She would become a willing participant in what Joshua would do to her.  More
than that, at an appropriate moment, when he had manipulated events to produce
her participation, a video camera would be rolling, capturing it all for any
future  witnesses, including cops and prosecutors. 

     Joshua, industrious student that he was, had done a lot of research in his
planning.  He had studied the various legal aspects of rape.   He had been
surprised to find that there were cases, only a few, yes, but still documented,
of women who had responded to their rapists.  Not voluntarily, but because their
rapists had worked diligently to produce that outcome.  Most rapists simply
brutally took what they wanted, concerned only with their own physical
gratification.  A few however, and Joshua had gotten throbbing erections in
reading about them, deliberately did everything they could to excite their
victims.  Joshua found this hard to believe. 

     He did additional research into female sexuality and anatomy.  He watched
several graphic pornographic films, to observe female genitalia being used in a
myriad of ways, by hands and mouths, in addition to penises. 

     He considered the possibility of being able to get Ms. Jansen sexually
aroused.  The more he thought about it, the more confident he became.  A woman's
sexual apparatus could be ignited to extreme intensity.  Normally, of course,
that was when she wanted to be fucked.  But if a man had a helpless woman at his
disposal, for a number of hours, Joshua's research convinced him that such a
woman could be made to physically respond. 

     He was determined to have Ms. Jansen writhing like a slut under his
careful, precise and well planned ministrations.  Unfortunately, this would
still legally be rape.  That was the conclusion the courts had come to.  Hence,
the video performance.  He assumed that Ms. Jansen would be too embarrassed to
go to the cops, knowing that there existed a video tape of her enthusiastically
fucking, and being fucked by, a nigger.  Even if he was wrong, no prosecutor
looking at what would essentially be a homemade pornographic video of
interracial fucking, would feel he or she had a case to go to court on, at least
one beyond the proverbial reasonable shadow of a doubt.

     In any case, this was the best he could do.  Whether it worked or not, he
was going to make  the attempt...




Chapter Five: 



     It was late at night.

     Joshua walked up to her front door.  He rang the bell.  After a minute or
so, he heard sounds inside, and then the door opened. 

     Ms. Jansen was peeking around the edge of the door, with an apprehensive
expression on her face, at the late night intrusion. She was wearing a
blue-green terry cloth robe.  She was holding it closed at her throat.

     "Yes?" she asked, in a hesitant voice.

     "Ms. Jansen, it's Joshua, Joshua Washington. From your Philosophy 110
class?  I really need to talk to you for a couple of minutes."

     She finally recognized him.  Then a puzzled look came over her face. 

     "You'll need to make an office appointment, and I'll be happy to..."

     Joshua suddenly shoved the door open, knocking her back a few feet.  As he
came in, he pulled a small automatic pistol out of his coat jacket.  He pointed
it at her.  She had a shocked and dazed expression on her face.  The weapon was
unloaded, but she wouldn't know that.  There was a moment of silence as they
looked at each other. Joshua let the silence draw out.  Finally she spoke.

     "What...what do you want Joshua?"

     "It's Mr. Washington."  He paused expectantly.  Eventually she got it.

     "Why are you doing this...Mr. Washington.  What do you want?"

     "The first thing I want is your first name. That way we can both be on a
first name basis."  Joshua already knew it, but he wanted her to give it to him. 
It would be her first gift of the evening.

     "My name is Sandra."  She was still terrified, but had begun to calm down
slightly, as Joshua was speaking quietly, and appeared to be in calm control of
himself.

     Joshua smiled in genuine pleasure, and held out his hand.

     "Sandra, I'm Joshua.  It's a pleasure to really get to know you."

     Sandra hesitated, then reluctantly put her hand out. She and Joshua shook
hands.  The touch of her small hand within his made his penis twitch.

     "Why don't we sit down, Sandra.  Let's go into the living room." 

     They were standing in a small entryway, which became a lengthy hallway. 
The hallway led straight to the back of the house.  To the right was the living
room.  Sandra turned around and walked into the living room, followed by Joshua. 
She turned to look at him.  He sat in an easy chair, which faced a long, worn
sofa.  He gestured for her to sit down on the sofa, which she did.

     They sat there silently, looking at each other.  Joshua had decided in
advance that silence would be a major tool in his effort to subjugate the will
and independence of his beautiful victim.  He was quite content to wait her out,
letting the turmoil of her fear and anxiety help destroy her will to resist.  So
he waited.  He looked at her.  The color of her robe was a perfect complement to
her blonde hair and pale complexion.  Her short hair was tousled.  He had
apparently gotten her out of bed, he thought ironically. 

     He looked her slowly up and down, starting with her feet. 

     Her feet were bare.  They were small, with slender toes.  She was
unconsciously clenching and unclenching her toes.  He couldn't see much of her
legs, as she held the robe tightly closed to prevent any possible view of naked
flesh.  Her other hand still held the robe closely to her throat.  Joshua looked
at her and reminded himself that this woman was completely in his control.  He
could strip the robe off of her right now, or have her do so.  He could touch
her however he wanted, and she had no choice but to submit.   But he resisted
the temptations.  He was going to subdue this woman to his will.  She would not
only submit, she would be made to want to submit.

     Sandra stared at him.  She didn't know what to say or do.  The sight of the
gun had paralyzed her will to act.  She now remembered him from the class.  She
had occasionally caught his admiring looks, but she was accustomed to that from
men.  His test results were excellent, as were a couple of brief paper projects. 
He had been on his way to an "A", when he had suddenly dropped out.  He had
usually kept quiet in class, but was very attentive to her lectures, and to the
class discussions which often ensued.  She started suddenly, as she recalled his
interest during the Nietzsche lecture.  She tried to remember exactly the gist
of his interest...she shivered, as she remembered he had asked her something
about whether Nietzsche's philosophy really permitted complete freedom from
moral restrictions. This gave her an apprehensive idea of what this break in
might be all about.  She hoped that if he were here to demonstrate his freedom
from moral law, he would stop short of the point of seriously hurting her...or
even worse. 

     She realized in disbelief that she had already accepted that this black
man, sitting there so quietly and impassively, was going to rape her.  And there
was probably nothing she could do about it.  If his behavior convinced her that
that was all he wanted, she wouldn't resist or try to escape.  Her life was more
important than any superficial concepts about the stigma of being violated.  She
couldn't stand the tension anymore.

     "Please, Mr. Washington.  Don't hurt me."

     He exulted inwardly.  She already accepted his inevitable use of her body! 
She was pleading to be spared anything worse.  There would be worse, but not in
the way she feared.

     "OK, Sandra, I don't want to hurt you, not unless you make me."  He paused
and waited, prepared to wait as long as necessary until she felt the pressure to
respond.  It only took a moment.

    "I won't make you.  Just don't hurt me.  I'll...cooperate."

    "Thank you, Sandra, I appreciate that," he replied with ironic courtesy.

     After a moment, she couldn't help herself. 

     "But why, why are you doing this. I've never hurt you, have I? If I have, I
didn't know it.  I'm sorry.  Please, don't do this."

     "You want to know why, Sandra?"

     "Yes, please."

     He paused.

     "Because I want to.  Because I can.  And because you have to let me."

     She started to shake.  Then she began to softly cry, shoulders shaking. 
Joshua watched her, letting her emotions take their course.  As long as they
didn't lead her to resist, he wanted the turmoil of her emotions to work for
him. 

     He let her cry for a few minutes.  He was finding that a little patience on
his part was bringing dividends, as she did his work for him.   Her emotions
were leading her inexorably to readiness for what he planned.

     It was time to move things along. 




Chapter Six:



     Joshua placed the gun on the end table next to his chair.   He leaned
forward, and took his socks and shoes off.  Her crying began to subside, as she
watched him.

     He stood up, and took his jacket off.  He then unbuttoned his short sleeved
shirt, and pulled that off.  He wore nothing under the shirt, and stood there as
she looked at him.  Joshua had always been athletic.  After starting college, he
made sure he worked out both aerobically and with weights.  There was no visible
body fat on his torso.  His shoulders were broad, his pectorals developed, and
his arms had clear muscle definition in the biceps and triceps.  His torso
narrowed to a lean waist.  He unbuckled his belt, and slowly pulled his jeans
off.  He was wearing white bikini shorts, which stood out starkly against his
ebony skin.  He was semi-tumescent.  Sandra couldn't help seeing the bulge at
his crotch.  His legs were lean, but muscularly toned.

     "What do you have on under the robe, Sandra?"

     "P..panties."

     "No, bra?"

     "No bra," she said, and blushed.

     "Sandra, lets go in the bedroom for a minute.  I want you to put on a bra. 
Then we're just going to spend some sitting around in our underwear.  OK?"

     She paused for a long moment.  Then, "All right."  

     She turned around, and went down the hall to her bedroom.  Joshua followed
her.  She went over to her dresser, and began rummaging around nervously.

     "Don't worry, I won't watch you put it on." 

     Sandra looked at him.  Joshua deliberately looked down at his feet.  He
heard her movements.

     "I've put it on."

     He turned to look at her. She was wearing pink bikini panties, and a white
bra.  She had thrown her robe on the floor. 

     "Let's go back in to the living room," he said, and turned to lead the way. 
She followed him.  He went and sat down on the sofa, next to where she had been
sitting.  He patted her former place with his hand, and looked expectantly at
her.  She came and sat down next to him, to his left.  He raised his left arm,
and pulled his head towards himself, gesturing for her to nestle in to his
shoulder.  She looked at him briefly, and then did so. 

     They sat in that position for a few minutes, Joshua doing nothing else but
supporting her head and shoulder with his arm.  He wanted her to get used to
being next to him.  He was content to luxuriate in the closeness of the white,
nearly nude female body, as it leaned against him.

     "Lean forward, Sandra."

     She leaned forward.  He began to rub his hands across her shoulders, down
her arms, back up again to her shoulders, down the front of her chest to just
above the bra, and then all over again.  He repeated this for several minutes,
and felt her muscles begin to relax.

     For her part, Sandra felt almost more vulnerable than if she were
completely naked.  It was as if the tension of waiting for that moment when he
would force her to totally disrobe became a suffocating pressure within her. 
She was startled when she felt his hands on her shoulders.  She had assumed that
the first time he laid hands on her, it would be some crude groping at her
breasts or crotch.  His hands felt strong, strong but surprisingly gentle.  The
rubbing motion felt good to her, and she did start to relax.  When his fingers
touched her chest, she momentarily tensed, knowing the fingers would snake down
inside her bra.  When they didn't, she relaxed again.  She had felt her nipples
begin to stiffen, when he first put his hands on her chest. What almost seemed
like disappointment, must have been a let down from preparing for the worst, and
not having it happen.  His hands soon stopped their rubbing motion, and were
removed from her.  There was a moment of silence.

     "Sandra, I want us naked.  I guess I overestimated my ability to resist
your charms.  Stand up."

     Sandra stood up, followed immediately by Joshua.

     "OK, Sandra, I want you to take my underwear off."

     She looked up at him silently, but with a pleading expression.

     "Do it, Sandra."

     She inserted her fingers in the waistband of his shorts, and pulled them
down, kneeling as she did so.  She stood up slowly, staring at his penis. 

     Sandra had only had four lovers in her lifetime.  More boyfriends than
that, but only four she had given her body to.  The sight of a penis, at least
one in her presence, was unusual.  And she had never seen a black man's organ. 
Joshua's penis was the biggest she had ever seen in person, though she and some
sorority sisters in college had enjoyed some dirty pictures of pretty freakish
male organs.  The color of his member made it seem very...different, exotic,
maybe?  She couldn't help herself from staring at it.  She was suddenly struck,
as well, by the reality that there was a completely nude black man standing in
front of her, with an obviously hardening penis between his legs. 

     "Sandra, go ahead and touch my cock.  Run your fingers up and down it.  Cup
my balls with your other hand, too."  She immediately began to masturbate him. 
Sandra felt it was important to do it as effectively as she knew how.  She tried
to use the techniques that had seemed to work with her prior lovers.

     As she was beginning to work on him with her hands, he reached around
behind her and unclasped her bra.  He pulled it down her arms.  Sandra
momentarily removed her hands from his penis, and allowed him to pull the bra
through her arms. 

     "Oh my," Joshua said in admiration, as her breasts came free.  They were
large, and beautifully shaped.  The effects of gravity had not yet taken any
toll, though their natural shape did point them slighty downwards. The aureolae
were pink and large, with a pronounced curvature all around, which led to
prominent nipples.  Joshua put his hands on her breasts.  His fingers traced
circles around the pebbled aureolae. He watched the nipples stiffen. They
quickly  extended out to about half an inch. 

     As she continued to fondle his dark, hard penis, he began to rub her
nipples between his fingers.  He heard her breathing get louder.

     Joshua suddenly grabbed her hands, and held them around his cock for a
moment.  Then he removed her hands from him.

    "Time for me to see the rest of you."  He kneeled down and slowly pulled her
panties down.  His penis throbbed, as she lifted her delicate feet, with their
slender toes. He pulled her panties off.  He then put his hands on her ass, and
pressed his face to her pussy.

     "No, please don't," she said, and held his face with her hands.

     Joshua stood up.  He looked down into her eyes.

     "I'm trying to be gentle here, Sandra.  Don't mistake this, though.  We're
not boyfriend and girlfriend.  I'm taking you because I want to.  You don't have
a choice. I'm going to use my hands, my mouth and my cock on you.  I'm going to
explore every part of your body.  I'm going to know what you look like, what you
smell like and what you taste like.  So if I want to eat your fucking pussy, I'm
going to.  Right?"

     Sandra stood there silently, and began to cry again.

     "Right?"

     Joshua took her silence for acquiescence. He kneeled down again.  He spread
Sandra's labia, and ran his finger down the center channel.  Then he ran his
finger around the insides of the cuntal lips.  He gently pried at her vaginal
opening, and inserted his finger part of the way in, then withdrew it.  He held
her clitoris between two fingers, gently massaging it.  He felt it grow under
his fingers, and he felt her pussy beginning to get wet.  Sandra's breathing was
starting to sound labored, as she stood there accepting his fondling.  He
pressed his mouth against her pussy, and felt her pussy begin to move, ever so
slightly, against his mouth.  He started to suck her now moist clitoris.  He
heard Sandra begin to groan.

     He stood up, and put his hands on either side of her face.

     "Open your mouth.  I'm going to kiss you. You're going to taste your own
juices."

     Sandra looked at him wordlessly for a moment.  She now fully understood
that his quiet demeanor and gentle physical handling of her didn't mean that she
had any say in what would be happening.  She closed her eyes and parted her
lips.

     He pushed his tongue deeply and thoroughly into her warm, moist mouth. 
Joshua began  moving his tongue all around the inside of her mouth, the sides,
the roof, under her tongue, and around and around her tongue.  He removed his
hands from her face.  He continued to kiss her deeply, but now rubbed her
breasts forcefully enough that the they were moving up and down, and side to
side.  He then circled the aureolae again, and began teasing her hard nipples,
pulling them out gently as far as they would go.

     Joshua was astonished by a sudden rush of intense sexual and emotional
sensations.  His cock throbbed painfully within her small hands.




Chapter Seven:



     Joshua had never been interested in French kissing.  He had always been
more interested into just getting down to business.  French kissing had only
been a cursory tool to expedite the process.      Joshua's plan to assault
Sandra's emotional and intellectual resistance involved the opposite approach.  
He was going to be painstakingly patient and deliberate.  He wanted her tension
and anxiety to build, until whatever he did would come as both emotional relief
and physical release.

      The slowness and deliberation of his physical use of her mouth, had an
unanticipated effect.   The sense of utter domination he had over her was
exhilarating.  He felt he was raping her mouth.  He was fucking her mouth with
his tongue.  He was forcing her to taste herself on his thick, soft tongue, as
it pursued its' way freely in her interior.  And she was playing with his cock
and his balls, as she submitted to the physical invasion of her mouth. Joshua
deliberately began to moan, to let her know the pleasure he was taking from her
mouth.  He wanted to intensify the incredible intimacy of what he was doing. 
His penis throbbed, as it really hit him; he was truly violating this helpless,
beautiful your white woman!

    Somewhere along the way, Sandra had stopped crying.   She felt this man
using her body. He was doing whatever he wanted, with a ruthlessly arrogant
freedom. 

     His tongue was softly exploring her mouth, missing no area.  Joshua's
tongue was soft, and felt like a thick wad of velvet, as it slowly encircled her
own tongue.  She felt it slowly drag along the roof of her mouth.  It caressed -
yes, that was inescapably the word - it caressed the sides of her mouth, before
dipping under her tongue, and back to circling and massaging her own tongue. No
man had ever kissed her that thoroughly or deeply, or for so long.  Sandra had
never experienced such a prolonged or intimate invasion of her mouth.  She
shivered as she pictured the scene in her own mind: standing nude, with this
nude young black man, as he violated her mouth, while rubbing her breasts, as
she stroked his large black penis and his testicles.

       No man had ever before used her without at least attempting to be
considerate, or without trying to make sure that his actions were acceptable to
her.  This man played with her vulva, licked it, probed inside her vagina,
played with her breasts, and even forced her to taste her own vaginal
secretions.  He did this forcefully, confidently, and with total indifference to
her wishes.  Sandra heard her attacker start to moan.  She was shocked to
realize that of all his actions so far, the one that truly seemed like rape was
this inconceivable intimacy of that deep and wet kiss, that exploration of every
area of her mouth, the transference of her own genital juices into her mouth. 
As she heard him continue to moan in pleasure as he used his tongue, it hit her
with a physical force: this man was using her body for his own selfish pleasure. 
And it was only just beginning. 

     Joshua removed his hands from her breasts.  He placed his right hand on her
pubic mound, and lightly dragged his fingers through her curly, lacy blonde
hairs.  He then began rubbing both sides of her labia.

     He placed his other hand on her ass.  He started rubbing her ass cheeks,
gently squeezing them, then rubbed them again.  Joshua then put his hand between
the tight crack separating her cheeks.  Sandra quickly grabbed his hand with her
own.

     "No, please don't touch me there.  I've never been touched there."

     Joshua grabbed her by the back of her short blonde hair, and pulled her
head back about six inches.  He leaned forward, so his face was only a couple of
inches from hers.  He looked directly into her eyes.

     "You're beginning to piss me off, Sandra.  I don't really give a fuck what
anyone's done, or not done with you before.  You know what you are to me?  
You're a cunt.  You're a mouth.  You're a tight puckered asshole  I'm going to
use it all, Sandra.  The next thing I'm going to do is put my finger in that
hole you shit out of.  I'm going to finger fuck your asshole.  Later, I'm going
to put this big black motherfucker that hangs between my legs into that tight
hole, too.  You might as well get used to something being in there besides your
shit.  One of the things I've been looking forward to the most is fucking a
white woman in the ass.  And your ass is it.  Understand?"  With the last words,
he gave a short violent tug on her hair. She screamed.  She started to cry
again.

     "I said, do you understand?"  He still grasped her by her hair.

     "Yes," she sobbed, "Please, that hurts!"

     Joshua removed his hand.  He looked steadily at her. 

     "Sandra, look at me."

     She looked up at him, tears slowly coursing down her cheeks.

     "Do you understand me?"

     "Yes.  Just don't hurt me anymore."

     He continued to look at her.

     "Sandra, I want you to ask me."

     She looked puzzled.

     "I don't understand...ask you what?"

     "I want you to ask me to put my finger in your ass.  I want you to ask me
in a really nice way.  If I don't think you mean it, I'll hurt you again.  The
rest of the time we're together, your job is to please me.  Not just let me do
what I want.  I want you to do everything you can to please me, Sandra.  And
that includes asking me to do those things you know or think that I want to do. 
And you now know that I want to feel the inside of your asshole.  And if you
don't do everything you can to please me, this will be a very unpleasant night
for you, Sandra."

    He smiled at her.

     "Sandra, I'm going to enjoy this either way.  No matter what you do, I'm
going to do everything I want. And you're going to end up doing everything I
want you to.  You anticipate what I want, and offer it to me, or do it to me,
that's cool.  If you don't, all that same shit will still happen, but I'll have
to hurt you.  Come to think of it, Sandra, that could be a lot of fun, too.  At
least for me."  He stopped talking, and patiently stared at her.

     Sandra gradually stopped crying.  She wiped her wrist across her wet nose,
and sniffled.  After what seemed an eternity to her, she spoke.

     "Please touch me there."

     Joshua continued to patiently look at her.  A deep flush went from her
throat, all the way up her face.

     "Joshua, please...please put your finger in my asshole. Please."

     "OK, Sandra, if that's what you really want."

     He paused, and waited some more.  He was getting very comfortable with
waiting, as he saw the way it kept her off balance, uncertain, insecure,
anxious...

     Sandra understood.  She knew how the rest of the time with him must go. 
She was going to be degraded and humiliated.  She would have to ask him to do
things to her she didn't want done.  She would have to ask him for permission to
do things to him that would turn her stomach.  There was no room for failure or
ineptitude here.  She had an intense fear of physical pain and abuse.  She was
also terrified that, if he were once to start physically abusing her, hurting
her, it could get catastrophically out of control.  She knew she had to please
him.  She had to cater to his sadistic rutting cruelty, or suffer the
consequences.  She would please him.  She would be submissive.  She would be
docile.  She would be complaisant.  She would be subservient.  To all intents
and purposes, he was her master, and she was his slave. She would do what she
had to do, in order to survive her ordeal.   She would do what she had to.  And
she would do it well.




Chapter Eight:



     "Yes, Joshua, I want your finger in my asshole.  I want to feel it fucking
my rectum.  I want your black finger going in as far as it can."

     She waited for him to do it, but he stood there motionless.

     "Sandra, don't you think it would help if you spread open your cheeks for
me?

     She flushed again, as she spread her cheeks as widely as she could.  She
stood there, spreading her ass open for him, but he still didn't move.

     "Sandra, wouldn't you like me to be down there, where I could get a good
look at your asshole?"

     "Joshua, would you please look at...would you please look while you fuck my
ass with your finger?"

     Joshua continued to stand.  He smiled.

     "Don't you want me sniffing your asshole, Sandra.  Don't you want me to
enjoy knowing what you smell like down there?"

     Sandra shuddered.

     "Joshua, I want your finger in my asshole.  Please, I can't wait.  I want
you to look at me when you're doing it.  I...I want you to smell me there.  I
want you to smell the hole I shit out of."  She suddenly caught, and repressed,
a sob.  "Please, Joshua..."

    He smiled.

     "OK, Sandra, if that's what you really want."

     Joshua went behind her, and got on his knees.  Her cheeks were spread open. 
He looked at the pink, puckered skin of her anus.  His cock started throbbing
again, and bobbing up and down, as he looked at this stunning young white woman,
who was lewdly displaying her most private orifice to him.  She had never
displayed it for anyone else.  She had never let another man touch her there. 
And she had just pleaded with him to service her there.  Oh, he knew he had
forced her to ask for it.  But she would get used to asking him for such things,
before the night was over.  This proud, self-confident young woman wouldn't be
either so proud or confident, when she was done submitting to him.  He put two
fingers on the sides of her anus.  He then spread it open.  Joshua looked at it
gaping before him, and put his nose against it, and into the opening, as far as
it would go.  He breathed deep, doing it loudly so that Sandra would hear.  He
wanted her to be embarrassed and ashamed.  He breathed in and out, several
times.  He heard Sandra moaning in shame and embarrassment.  He kept her anus
opened, and then put two fingers inside her. 

     Sandra gasped in pain once, as the two black fingers penetrated the open
but still tight orifice.  She then began panting, as the two fingers rudely
explored her virgin interior.  Sandra felt the stirrings of an unwilling
excitement as Joshua's fingers produced physical sensations she had never
experienced before.  She was surprised by how sensitive the interior of her
rectum was, how susceptible to touch it was. Sandra found she was breathing more
heavily, as the fingers continued to work their way around the inside of ass. 
Joshua pushed his fingers as far as they would go, and Sandra gasped again.

     "Am I doing it right, Sandra?

     "Yes," she said, her voice tight.

     "Do you like this?"

     "Yes."

     "Do you want me to stop?"

      A pause...

     "No.  Please, keep doing it."

     "Doing what, Sandra?" he teased.

     "Keep fucking my ass with your fingers."

     Joshua smiled as Sandra complied with his earlier instructions.  She was
saying what she knew he wanted her to say.  Unless, she really meant it...no,
even if he did accomplish that ambitious goal, it was way too soon for it to
have happened.

     "Sandra, would you like me to..."  Joshua deliberately paused.  He wanted
her to wonder what he was thinking.

     She waited.  She was wondering what he was going to say, but with only
partial attention.  Sandra was mostly focused on the intense sensations coming
from her ass.

     "Sandra, would you like to have me...put my tongue in your ass?"

     She caught her breath, as she heard his question.  The idea of him doing
that was unthinkably perverted.  But she was afraid to say no.  Sandra knew the
response that was expected of her.  Should she dare his anger one more time?  If
she did, the best she could possibly hope for would be that he would insist, and
it would happen anyway.  But if she said no, and he reacted poorly, well, that
could be bad. And he would still put his tongue inside her ass.  She really had
no choice at all.

     "I didn't hear you, Sandra," he said softly.

     "Yes, I would like you to do that.  I would like your tongue there."  She
impressed herself by the steadiness of her voice.

     "You're one wild white chick, Sandra," he said mockingly.

     Joshua removed his fingers from her anus.  He spread it open again, and
slowly inserted his tongue through the opening.  He pushed it as deep inside as
it would go, and began to rotate it around the inside of her rectum.  He felt
the same excitement as when he had French kissed her.  He was freely exploring a
part of her body to which he had no right.  That was where the excitement came
from. He started moving his tongue even faster, as he heard her gasp at the
intrusion of his tongue.  Joshua kept at it for several minutes.  Sandra became
quiet, and stayed that way.  Joshua concluded that the shock of his invasive
tongue had had a numbing effect upon Sandra.  And numb was not was he was
looking for.  He removed his tongue from her anus, and stood up.

     "Sandra, I need you to get a pair of panty hose, and bring them to me."

     She wordlessly went into the bedroom.  He waited for her at the end of the
long hall.  He didn't expect her to try climbing out of a window, but he was
ready for anything.  In a few moments, Sandra was walking back towards him,
carrying the panty hose.  They returned to the living room.

     "Put your hands behind your back." 

     Sandra started, nervously.

     "But...I'm doing whatever you want!"

     "I know you are.  This is only for a minute or so.  Put your hands behind
you."

     After she did so, Joshua tied her hands tightly behind her back.

     "Sit down on the couch."  Sandra did so.

     "Sandra, since I had to talk to you about that problem of lack of
cooperation, you've been doing fine.  Now, I need you to sit here quietly for
about one minute."  I've got to go out to my car.  It really will be only for a
minute.  You couldn't possibly get away in such a short time, especially with
your hands tied.  You know that, right?"

     "Yes."

     "And you know it would be very unpleasant for you, if you tried, don't
you?"

     "Yes."

     "OK, Sandra, you stay here quietly, and I'll be right back."

     Joshua put his jeans back on, put the gun inside a front pocket, and went
out barefoot.

     Sandra knew escape was hopeless.  She sat there in quiet resignation.

     Joshua was back in little more than a minute.  He came in carrying a video
camera and a tripod.  He put them both down.  Then he sat next to Sandra.  He
debated whether to untie her, and then did.

     Joshua caressed her lovely throat with one hand, and then leaned forward
towards her mouth.  She parted her lips, not needing to be asked or forced. 
They began another long and intimate kiss.  Sandra used her tongue in his mouth,
as he did in hers.  Her mind was beginning to blur the distinction between
forced submission and participation.

     Joshua finally pulled away.  He sat back and looked at her.  He touched her
shoulder, and gestured for her to face him.

     "You've been good, Sandra.  So I'm going to lay out for you how the rest of
this is going to go.  We're going to go in the bedroom, and I'm going to use
you. You understand?"

     "Yes."

      "And you remember what I expect of you?  How you need to show me that
you're in to everything we'll be doing?"

     "Yes."

     "What else, Sandra?"

     She thought for a moment.

     "You want me to try and figure out what you want, and what you want me to
be doing."

    "Right, Sandra, that's terrific.  And are you going to do all that?"

     She looked steadily at him for a moment.

     "Yes."

     "OK, great.  Now here's one other thing, which I guess you've already
figured out.  I'm going to tape what we do in there."

     Sandra looked at him, and shook her head.  From the expression on her face,
he understood she wasn't arguing, but was incredulous.

     "Why.  Why in the world would you do that?"

     "Well, the short answer, is because I want to.  But the real reason," he
said, leaning towards her, "is because this may just be the most important,
maybe the best and most exciting night I will ever have, in my entire life.  And
I'm going to want to be able to revisit it, over and over.  Any questions?"

     "No."

     He stood up, and gently tugged at her arm.

     "OK, lets' go into bedroom." 

     Joshua picked up the tripod and video camera, and they went into the
bedroom.




Chapter Nine:



     "Lay down, Sandra.  On your back and spread your legs.  I want to position
the camera for the best angle."

     Sandra lay on her back.  She spread her legs apart.  Then, on her own
initiative, she pulled her feet up to her buttocks, and angled her knees to the
side.  She took her fingers and spread her labia. She held it open. 

     After manipulating the angle of the camera, Joshua looked through the
viewfinder.  He did a double take, and looked directly at Sandra.  The position
she had placed herself in was...obscene.  His cock started to harden and throb,
as he looked at Sandra's open pink vulva.  The position she had chosen...it was
more lewd and degrading than he would have thought of. He didn't realize it, at
least not yet, but he was observing a change in Sandra's state of mind.

     Sandra had been going through an emotional and psychological metamorphosis
from the time her attacker broke in, until he explained what he was going to be
doing to her.  The video camera had been the proverbial straw. 

     The change really began when Joshua had his tongue in her rectum.  At
first, it was unspeakably perverted to her.  She accepted his invading and
probing tongue because she had no power to stop it.  She had been compelled to
stand there, spreading her ass open for him, while he raped her asshole with his
tongue.  But as she stood there, she had had no choice but to experience the
physical sensations of what he was doing to her.  What Joshua had mistaken for
Sandra becoming numb, from the ministrations of his tongue, had really been a
totally concentrated focus by Sandra on those new physical sensations his tongue
was making her feel.  She felt it deep inside her.  She felt it going where
nothing but her bodily wastes had ever been.   It felt...good.  She liked it. 
He was forcing her to permit this perversion, so it wasn't her fault.  She
wasn't responsible, because she was a helpless rape victim.  If the things he
did caused her new sensations, or even pleasure, she could allow herself to
enjoy it because it wasn't her fault.  It was even kind of funny, in a weird
way: if she derived pleasure from him wanting to stick his tongue in the hole
she shit out of, well, that was his problem! 

     The very fact that what he was doing was so disgusting, was part of what
made it seem exciting to her.  It was also obvious to her that her rape was
going to consist of Joshua using her as he wished, and forcing her to do things. 

     However, and this was crucial, physical sadism wasn't part of his game
plan. It was certainly evident that he wanted to degrade her.  His tonguing of
her ass was such an attempt.  He enjoyed doing it because he knew she didn't
want him to do it.  But he wasn't interested in hurting her physically.  The
only physical abuse had been, in reality, fairly mild, and applied only to
convince her to acquiesce. It was ludicrous, but it was like the old sexist joke
about rape: she might as well lay back and enjoy it.   That wasn't really
accurate, though.  If she could get away, she would.  If she could have talked
him out of it, she would have.  However, what was going to happen to her was
beyond her power to prevent. 

     As she lay there, displaying herself for him, and for the camera, she
admitted something else to herself.  He was handsome.  His body was sexually
attractive.  She had responded to seeing his naked body.  He had turned her on,
in spite of the circumstances. In addition to his athletic build, she found the
dark color of his skin arousing.  Sandra was excited by both the color and the
size of his penis.  She had enjoyed the hardness of it between her hands and
under her fingers.  As long as she had no choice, she wanted to touch it again. 
Her vagina became wet, as she also realized she wanted to suck the head of his
penis.  She wanted to run her tongue up and down the long, dark shaft.  She knew
she was going to have to do it. 

     She shivered at the other turn on:  as she was submitting to every obscene
and perverted demand of his, she would simultaneously be doing it for the
camera.  The camera would be recording every dirty and disgusting thing they
would be doing.  She would also be initiating activities, doing the things she
felt he would want.  She would be asking him to do degrading things to her.  She
had to do these things, because they were part of the ground rules he had
insisted on.  But all that any future viewers of the video would see would be
her very active participation in these disgusting acts.  They would be seeing a
white woman fucking a black man in apparent complete abandonment of her
self-control.  She shivered again, as she imagined him showing the video to
friends.  She could imagine the comments, the cat-calls, and the laughter as he
had his way with the white slut. 

     She wanted it to happen.  She wanted people she didn't know to watch her
degradation.  She wanted them to see her nude body.  She wanted them to see how
much she wanted his black cock.  She wanted them to masturbate their own cocks
as they watched her being fucked.  She wanted it all.  And she wanted it very
badly.

     "OK, Sandra, I think we're ready to get down to business.  I'm going to
give you a couple of minutes to think about some of the things I would like to
do you, so you can ask for it.  I want you to think about some of the things
that you should be asking to do to me.  You're going to be talking to the
camera, Sandra.  You're going to be talking to me, whenever I watch this.  I may
end up showing this to friends.  I want you to be talking to them. Hell, I may
show this to other women, before taking them to bed.  Black women would enjoy
seeing a white slut do things that they themselves wouldn't do."

     He paused and looked at her.

     "Sandra, I might even see about selling this to some porno distributor, to
release as one of those home-made amateur jobs you can buy in porno stores. 
What do you think about that?  Can you picture a bunch of horny perverts
watching you being fucked by a nigger, beating off as they watch?'

     She was startled by how his comment mirrored her own thoughts.  Sandra felt
her lubricating juices flowing, as Joshua taunted her.

     "Sit up Sandra, and sit on the edge of the bed, facing the camera.  That's
right.  Now lift your feet up to the bed.  Spread your legs apart.  Look at the
camera, and tell all those future viewers what you want."

     She assumed the position.  Without prodding, she opened herself with her
fingers.

     Joshua turned the camera on.  He gestured for Sandra to begin. After a
slight hesitation, she did

     "I want your big black cock, Joshua.  I want to feel it inside my pussy. 
But first I want to hold it in my hands. I want to make it so hard, it hurts
you.  I want to get it so long that it'll fill me up.  I want to suck on your
head.  I want to give you a blow job.  I want to lick your dark, hairy shaft.  I
want to smell your cock.  I want to lick and smell your heavy black balls.  I
want to put your balls in my mouth, and hold them there."

     Sandra paused.  She had worked herself up.  She was almost ready to have an
orgasm right now.  She knew if she were to touch her clitoris, she would get off
almost at once.

     "I want to kiss your ass.  I want to spread your cheeks, and look at your
dark asshole."  She paused again, then shocked herself. "I want to lick your
asshole, Joshua.  And then I want to put my tongue inside your ass, inside where
your shit comes out."

     Joshua couldn't believe it.  He didn't believe she was really saying all
this.  He couldn't believe how fucking believable she sounded.  But she still
wasn't done.

     "I want you to sit on my face, and fuck my mouth.  When you do, I want to
hold your balls with one hand, and have my finger in your asshole with my other
hand.  I want you to put it inside my cunt.  I want...I want you to put it in my
asshole, I want you to come inside my asshole."

     Joshua was ready.  Man, was he ready!  Sandra's comments had him stiff as a
board.  He walked over to the bed, and into the frame of the camera.  He put his
left foot on the bed, next to her.  His penis stood straight out, bobbing up and
down. 

     "Go ahead, Sandra, play with it.

     Sandra dragged her fingertips grazingly over the head of his penis.  She
ran her index finger around the edge of the head.  She cupped his testicles with
her left hand, and with her right hand she guided his penis into her mouth.  She
encircled the head with her mouth.  She started to suck, making her sucking
noises as loud as she could.

     Joshua groaned.

     "Suck that motherfucker babe, yeah, suck on that big black dick.  You like
that?"

     "Yes," Sandra mumbled around the mouthful of head she was sucking. 

     She pulled her mouth off of it, and began lightly dragging the fingertips
of both hands on the top and bottom of the rigid organ.  She switched to the
sides of the black penis, again dragging her fingertips teasingly across it. 
She saw a bead of clear fluid seep out of the vertical slit in the head of his
penis.  She licked it off with the tip of her tongue. 

     Joshua was groaning in earnest.  He never expected this kind of expertise
from his white victim. Nor had he expected the appearance of so much intense
dedication from her.  He began to wonder if it was still just an act, if she was
just only obeying his orders.

     Sandra could have told him.  She was enjoying looking at his penis.  She
enjoyed how large it looked in her small hands.  She loved the contrast of his
black skin next to her white skin.  She loved the feel of it under her fingers. 
She loved the salty taste of his seminal fluid.  She loved his rich, musky
smell. She loved anticipating the different ways he would be using it inside her
body. And she loved feeling and hearing him respond to her touch.  She didn't
have any choice about what they were doing.  But within her helpless surrender
to his demands, she realized she had control over him, too.  As she continued to
alternate between masturbating his penis with her hands, and then sucking it,
she moved her left hand under and past his testicles, and searched out his anus. 
She found it, and forcefully shoved her finger inside, simultaneously moving her
mouth rapidly back and forth over his shaft, as far as she could get it in her
mouth.

     As she put her finger in his ass, he started thrusting back and forth
inside her mouth. Her mouth felt warm and moist and tight around his penis.  He
exulted in the knowledge that he was fucking her mouth, at the same time she had
voluntarily put her finger inside his anus.  She suddenly pulled her mouth from
his penis.  She looked up at him.

     "Do you want to come in my mouth?"

     Joshua looked down at her through half closed eyes.

     "Yes," he groaned.  "I want to shoot inside your mouth."

     Sandra took him inside her mouth again.  She moved it to meet his rhythmic
thrusts.  He put his hands on her breasts, rubbing them, and then rolling her
nipples between his fingers.  She felt herself getting wetter.  She felt him
pick up the pace of his thrusting, and she began to quickly stroke his penis
with one hand, while she rubbed his testicles with the other.  She knew he was
on the way.  Then she felt him unloading in her mouth.  It seemed endless.  It
was thick and salty, and she started swallowing it. He started to slow down. 
His penis softened within her mouth and her hand.  She gently began squeezing,
sucking him dry at the same time.  His groans were a continuous, involuntary
accolade to the exquisite blow job she had just given him.  He withdrew from her
mouth, and looked down at her.

     "Get on the bed."

     Sandra climbed on the bed, and laid down on her back.  Joshua lay down next
to her to her left.  He was still panting from his explosive orgasm.

     "Sandra, get on your stomach."

     Sandra turned over.  Joshua began to rub her buttocks with his right hand. 
After a moment, she began to moan, slowly rotating her hips.  Joshua was
circling her buttocks with his hand, and he kept moving it closer to her crack. 
As he did, her moans became louder.   She spread her legs, moving her left leg
over his legs.  Joshua smiled, and continued his circling motion, and continued
as well to keep coming close to putting it inside her crack.  She moved her hips
faster.  She was doing everything but tell him she wanted his hand inside the
dark furrow between her cheeks. 

     "What do you want, Sandra?"

     "Touch me there, please."

     "Touch you where, Sandra" he asked mockingly.

     "My ass, please, Joshua."  And with this, she pulled her left leg off of
him, and drew her legs up as close to her chest as she could.  Her ass was now
thrust into the air.  She placed her hands on her cheeks, and spread them open.

     "Please, Joshua, touch me," she groaned. 

     "OK, Sandra, stop begging.  It's pitiful seeing a white woman begging a
nigger," he said.  He exulted in knowing that all this was being recorded.  He
didn't know that she felt the same way.

     Joshua placed the edge of his large hand between her ass cheeks.  His hand
covered the length of her entire crack, from her pubic hair to her anus.   He
felt her anus and vulva imprinting themselves against his hand. He felt the
tight of opening of her anus, and at the same time, the softness of her vulva
pushed down by the edge of his hand.  He began to press the edge of his hand
even more firmly against her. 

     Sandra began to moan inarticulately.  Joshua didn't have to wonder any
longer.  Sandra wasn't acting.  She was participating in her own rape.  She was
now a willing accomplice to her own degradation.  The lascivious sight of her
ass sticking up in the air made his penis start to harden again.  He began
rimming her anus with his index finger.  Her moans became louder and swifter in
frequency. 

     "Yes, yes, yes...thank you, please put it in my asshole, please."

     "Whatever you want, Sandra."  He shoved his finger past her anal opening
and deep into her rectum. 

     "Oh, god, yes, yes.  Your finger feels so good.  Push it in all the way,
please."  Joshua's penis had begun to throb again. He felt an enormous rush of
power from having this woman responding to his control. 

     "Don't go anywhere, Sandra.  I'll be right back."  She groaned in
disappointment, as he withdrew his finger, and got out of the bed. 

     "I need some vaseline or oil.  Do you have any?" 

     "Yes," she moaned, "in the medicine cabinet."  Joshua left the bedroom. 
Sandra stayed in the same position, still rotating her hips slowly.  She was
continuing to perform for the camera.

     Joshua returned with a plastic bottle of baby oil.  He kneeled down next to
Sandra's ass.  He squeezed some of the oil on his left hand.  He dipped his
right index finger into the oil.  He rubbed his finger around her puckered anus. 

     "Hold still, girl," he laughed.  Sandra's hip gyrations had picked up
speed, and he wasn't able to keep his finger at the opening.  He firmly grasped
her left cheek, to slow her movement.  He finished oiling her tight opening.  He
began lubricating the inside of her rectum.  She continued to moan incoherently. 
He finally withdrew his finger.  He got behind her.

     "You ready for this big black dick in your asshole, babe?"

     "Yes!"  Her response was half shout, half sob.

     He eased the head of his penis against the tight, slick opening.  He
smiled, and holding himself with his right hand, began teasing her anus with the
head of his penis. 

     "Please, please, please," she kept repeating. 

     "Please what, Sandra?"

     "Fuck me, please, Joshua, fuck me."

     "Where, babe?" Again, the mocking tone in his voice.

     "In my asshole, you bastard, do it, please!"

     Joshua continued rimming her anus with his penis, then pushed it steadily
in.  Sandra whimpered as she felt it enter her.  Joshua stopped pushing, just as
the head was engulfed by her anus.  His penis seemed to have run out of room, or
to have encountered some barrier.  There was no barrier, however.  It was only
the incredible tightness of the opening.  He held his cock in place for a
moment.  Then with a grunt, he made one quick thrust into the depths of her
rectum.  Sandra screamed once, and then began whimpering again, as Joshua
steadily thrust back and forth within the incredibly tight sheath of her anus
and rectum.  He kept thrusting, and she kept whimpering and moaning.  After a
few thrusts, Sandra began moving her ass back, to meet his oncoming thrusts. 
Joshua stopped moving for a minute. 

     He looked down at his black penis buried inside the white woman's anus. 
Joshua felt his penis get even harder, at the realization that his penis was
inside the rectum of the woman he had been lusting after.   He raised his left
knee up, and placed his left foot flat on the bed.  He moved his right knee
closer to her ass.  From the perspective of the video camera, he was poised
behind Sandra.  His position made it look as if his black penis was a thick
spear, which he had embedded deep within his victim.  From this position, Joshua
began a series of deep, slow penetrations.  As he did, he cupped Sandra's left
breast with one hand, squeezing and kneading it.  He snaked his other hand under
his thrusting penis, and found her clitoris. He began to rub it, and roll it
between two fingers.  Sandra began crying out, the words, if any,
indistinguishable.  She began moving her ass frantically, trying to rub her
rectum more intensely against the invading penis, and at the same time to create
even more friction between her clitoris and Joshua's probing fingers. 

     Sandra's surrender exploded within her. She kept crying out, and moving her
ass back and forth.  Joshua couldn't believe how long she kept going, and
suddenly he was unloading into her once again, this time into her rectum.  Their
joint thrusts synchronized, as both bodies reached exquisite peaks.  Then they
slowed.  Then they stopped.  Joshua finally withdrew his penis.  Sandra slowly
fell over on her side, facing him, eyes closed, softly moaning..

     "Damn," Joshua muttered.  He lay down on his back. "Come here, girl, " he
said.

     Sandra moved next to him, and nestled on her back, under his outstretched
left arm.  They lay quietly next to each other.  Anyone watching the video would
now see two lovers in post-coital languor. 

     Joshua was stunned. He had never fucked a woman in the ass. He had never
fucked a white woman. He had never had a woman surrender to him so completely.
Joshua sighed in contentment.  He knew they both needed time to recover.  He
also knew he needed time to figure out what was next.  The night was still
young.  He only needed sufficient imagination to use this woman again, in other
ways.  They had only just begun.

     Sandra was overwhelmed.  She had never been fucked in the ass.  She had
never been fucked by a black man.  She had never surrendered to a man so
totally, with nothing held back.

     Sandra's breathing had slowed, down to a normal pace.  She felt drained of
every physical resource she had.  She didn't know what was next.  It didn't
really matter anyway.  He would be calling the shots.  She sighed softly...




Chapter Ten:



     Some three weeks later, early in the afternoon, Sandra left her office. 
She walked to her car, out in the faculty parking area.

    Anyone watching her confident stride, could never have imagined she had
recently been subjected to a prolonged night in which she had been repeatedly
raped and sodomized.  Her body language conveyed not just a confident carriage,
but an almost aggressive confidence. 

     Sandra, indeed, regarded herself as a changed person.  From those initial
feelings of being a helpless victim - and she had thought of herself at first as
an actual slave, forced to perform for her black attacker - she now knew that
her rape had unleashed an awareness of appetites and hungers she otherwise would
never have known.  There was no mystery about when the change occurred - or at
least that point when the change was unmistakable.  It was when Joshua sodomized
her.  She hadn't been "acting" when she asked him to do it.  She had been
shocked to reach the most exciting and satisfying orgasm she had ever
experienced.  She didn't know if Joshua was aware of it, but she had undergone
one new sensual experience after another, the rest of that night.

     After he took her in the ass - or more accurately, she later admitted to
herself, after she had him take her that way - they spent almost half an hour
just laying next to each other.  They were still like that, when Sandra had
reached down and began stroking Joshua's penis.  This had ignited a series of
additional activities, the recollection of which still had the power to get
Sandra wet. 

     The evening was eventually over.  Joshua had gotten dressed.  He then went
to where she still lay on the bed.  He bent over and gave her another long and
intimate kiss.  He had smiled down at her.

     "Sandra, I know your initial reaction is going to be to report this to the
cops.  Well, I want you to remember what a great performance you turned in." 
Joshua held up the video cassette, and waived it in her direction.  "If you do
go to them, I'm going to claim that you had been interested in me while I was in
your class.  But you wouldn't jeopardize your career by fucking a student, so
you told me the only way we could get together would be if I dropped your class. 
And I have the tape to prove how enthusiastic you were, about getting it on with
this poor, seduced black student of yours.  You know how believable my version
will be, when people look at this thing."

     "I'm not going to the police," Sandra replied.  She almost smiled, as she
was tempted to ask him to get her a copy of the tape.

     Joshua left.

     Sandra's final surprise of the night, was to find herself disappointed that
he was gone.  This once in a lifetime experience was over.  There were numerous
times since that evening that Sandra had masturbated herself to orgasm, reliving
the various acts she and Joshua had performed. 

     Sandra had been left with an interesting dilemma.  She hungered for that
same level of intense and overwhelming sexual satisfaction.  But the idea of 
"normal" sexual activity now left her cold.  She had plenty of men she
occasionally dated.  Sandra could have bedded any of them any time she crooked
her little finger.  The idea of such a coupling seemed so pedestrian, though,
that she found it distasteful.  Normal fucking now seemed like a pallid
imitation of what she understood she was capable of truly experiencing. As she
approached her car she knew she would have to find some way of again realizing
the kind of thrill she now knew she was capable of having.

     As she took out her car keys, there was the sound of someone approaching. 
As she casually turned around, she saw her attacker standing two feet away, just
looking at her.  She stared at him in wordless, numbed shock.

     "Hi, Sandra," Joshua said calmly.  She continued to stare at him. 

     "What do you want?"  She was pleased by the calmness of her tone.

     "I just couldn't help myself.  I wanted to see how you've been doing
since...well, you know."  He had in fact become almost obsessed with wanting to
know if the changes he sensed he had caused in Sandra were sticking.  By the end
of that night three weeks ago, he knew that the woman he was raping was not the
same person she had been before that night.  He had also watched the video
countless times, usually with his hand tight around his cock, stroking himself
to shooting.  He had been exultant since then, whenever he remembered the total
control he had exercised over her.  He had had numerous hard-ons, recalling her
complete surrender and submission to him.  But what was truly exciting and
unexpected, was the knowledge that he had permanently changed her psyche. He had
fucked her body all right, but he had also fucked with her mind.  He couldn't
help himself; he had to see her again, just to see what she would say, how she
would react.

     "I'm fine.  And that perverted idea of yours, about keeping me from going
to the police, well, it worked.  So why don't you leave me the hell alone?"

     "OK," he said, and started to turn away.

     "Wait!"

     Joshua turned back to her.

     "I want you to know something.  I know you thought I was your slave, your
helpless victim.  But that's really bullshit.  I know, I responded to what
happened, and to what you did to me.  But you think that's because I was
helpless.  But I've thought about it a lot.  I responded the way I did because
of something in myself." 

     She saw his reaction, and said, "Wipe the stupid smile off your face, you
know what I mean.  Because the way I reacted was due to something inside me.  
You didn't have jack shit to do with it, and, bottom line, you really weren't
the one controlling my feelings."   She stared at him challengingly a moment
longer. Then, with deliberate slowness, she turned back to unlock her car.

     "Wait."  He paused.  "If that's really true, then you're admitting you
really dug what we did together.  Right? "

     "So what?"

     "So, if you liked it, and you liked it because what we did appealed to you,
why not do it again?  I know you DID like it, whether it was because I forced
you to, or because it was just you.  So, what do you say?"

     "You must be out of your mind!" 

     "Hey, Sandra, to paraphrase a finance platitude, fucking talks, bullshit
walks.  Talk is cheap," he added contemptuously. 

          Sandra's heart started pounding, and her nostrils flared.  She thought
about her newly discovered confidence, and those new appetites she constantly
teased and tempted herself with.  Above all, she would never forget that no one
had ever fucked her the way this man had.  She had never responded to anyone the
way she had to Joshua. The decisive factor in her next words, however, had been
the fear that she would never experience any of those feelings again, at least
never with the same intensity and uncontrollable passion.  She stood there
silently, thinking.  Then she looked directly at him.

     "OK," she said.  " A good fuck is a good fuck," she added, attempting to
match his earlier tone of contempt.  "When and where?"

     "How about now? My place."

      After a moment's hesitation, she said "Sure."  Suddenly she went from
wondering if she was crazy, to being thrilled that the confidence she had felt
was real.

      "You ready right now?"

      She shook her head.  "Whatever.  Let's do it, if we're going to."  She
felt a warmth flood through her, at the thought she would again experience that
complete and uncontrolled abandon of three weeks ago.  She would again see his
athletic black body.  She would see the large cock, hanging between his muscular
thighs.  She would feel the rough and selfish grasp of his strong and demanding
hands.  She would feel his tongue once again probing all the intimate places of
her body.  She would explore him with her tongue.  She would see him, and touch
him and taste him and smell him.  Sandra began to get wet as the images coursed
through her mind.

      If she had known Joshua's thoughts, she might have run screaming from him.

      Joshua was infuriated by her attitude.  He could have accepted, even
expected, her anger.  Her contempt was a shock.  The sense of power he had felt
in subjecting her to his whims and orders had given him an exhilaration he had
never before known.  And the heart of it had been showing Sandra that she needed
to be dominated, that he had the power to compel her to perform unspeakably
obscene acts, and to make her enjoy them.  Above all, the thrill that this had
been done by a black man to a white woman had added incredible spice to the
satisfaction and the memory. 

     This was the real reason he wanted to see her again.  He wanted to see the
results of his handiwork.  He wanted to reaffirm his triumph over her. 

     The comments she just made, so sarcastically dismissive of everything he
thought he had achieved, caused an eruption of anger.  It only took a moment,
but Josh knew he had to permanently achieve with Sandra what he thought he
already had.  He knew instantly how he would do it. No careful planning and
organization was necessary this time.




Chapter Eleven:



     He had Sandra drive, giving her directions.  First, he had her pull off the
road, into the parking lot of a nearby large drug store.  As she pulled into a
parking spot, she asked sarcastically, "Are we going to do it in the car?" 

     Joshua looked at her, keeping his thoughts off his face.  He was thinking
that she would be paying dearly for a number of her comments so far today. 

     "I'll be right back." 

     In about five minutes, Joshua returned to the car and threw a store
shopping bag on the back seat.  He gave Sandra additional directions.  In about
30 minutes of mostly silent driving, they reached their destination.  They
pulled up in front of a small house, on a quiet street of other small and older
type houses.  They were in a decidedly black area, near the central part of
town. Joshua retrieved his package from the back seat.  

     Joshua led her to the front door.   He opened it and led her inside.

     She found herself in a dimly lit living room with older furniture.  But her
attention was focused only on the other occupants of the room.  There were five
people there, all young black men, about Joshua's age.  They stared back at her
in obvious surprise. 

     Joshua said, "Hey, guys, this is Sandra.  Sandra, this is Ray, Lawrence,
Charles, Rashid and James."          

     The young men continued to stare at their blonde visitor.  They were
visibly startled by her presence in their midst.

     Sandra turned to Joshua.  "What are we doing here?," she asked in an
irritated tone.  She was upset.  After committing herself to the afternoon's
rendezvous, she wanted to do it, before she lost her nerve.  But her new found
confidence, was about to receive another jolt.

     Joshua smiled at her.  "I'm going to let my friends finish the job of
teaching you what a worthless slut you are.  You're going to find out that your
only use is to let a bunch of niggers use you any way they want." 

     He turned to his friends.  "OK, guys.  How about a white pussy party?" 

     There were murmurs and exclamations of surprise and delight.  Several of
them laughed.

     "Hey, Josh, you for real...man, I've never had no white pussy before...she
looks fine...I bet she sucks dick..." These and other comments chorused from the
men as they stood and came closer.  Sandra started to take a step back, but
Joshua held a firm grip on her arm. 

     "You shouldn't have opened your mouth to me, Sandra.  You want to go ahead
and dis someone, you need to be ready for some consequences."

     There was excited laughter, and exclamations of delight.  Sandra stared at
the men.  Three were of average size and build.  One was grotesquely overweight
, who she was soon to find out was Rashid.  And one looked like he must have
been a basketball player.  This was Lawrence.  He towered well over Joshua. 

     All the men were looking at her with open leers, and open hunger.

     Joshua said, "You can do whatever you want with her.  But I've got a few
plans to get our party started.  She likes to think she's in control of things.
I'm going to get that thought right out of her pretty blonde head.  Then I'll
turn her completely over to you guys, OK?"  

     There were indications of quick assent from everyone.  Sandra knew that
they couldn't wait to set upon her.  She sensed they were like a pack of savage
animals, smelling blood.  She was in a numb state of shock.  But despite that,
there was still a core of defiance within her.  She knew that she was physically
helpless in their hands.  They could do whatever they wanted with her.  She knew
she was going to be abused and degraded, as she had been with Joshua, multiplied
by five times.  But even though she was physically unable to prevent what was
about to happen to her, she determined that they wouldn't touch that inner core
of independence and strength, which she had exulted in since Joshua's rape of
her.  But even this last bastion of strength and defiance was about to be
quickly and completely shattered.

     Joshua told them to lead her to the bathroom, which they did.  As they led
her, various hands began grabbing at her.  Hands clutched crudely at her breasts
and her ass, and at her crotch. 

     They all went to the bathroom.  It was crowded with the presence of seven
bodies.

     "Hey, fellas, keep your hands off of her for a few minutes.  We've got some
prepatory business to take care of." 

     He turned to Sandra.

      "Take your jeans off." 

     Sandra stared hopelessly at him, looking for some sign of mercy.  She only
saw signs of determination and anger. There was also a look of anticipation. 

     After a moment, she reached down and removed her sandals, one by one.  The
young men were looking with avid interest at her, and at every move she made. 
Now there were comments about her pretty feet, and about her red-polished
toenails.  Sandra tried to block all the comments from her mind.  She unbuttoned
her jeans, and pulled them slowly down her long, lovely legs, to the
accompaniment of more lewd commentary and laughter. 

     They're all having a great time, she thought woodenly.  Then one of them
called out, "The panties, bitch, we want to see some pussy."  There was more
laughter.  Sandra looked at Joshua.

     "They do need to come off, Sandra."

     Sandra hopelessly pulled the panties down to her ankles, and off her feet. 
There were more comments, but they were ratcheted up in intensity, as they
looked at her pussy. 

     Then Rashid, the fat one, came over and began rubbing his hand roughly
between her legs. 

     "Rashid, wait man.  I told you, first we've got to teach her to just lay
back and enjoy what we're going to be doing, and not to fight us.  And I've got
just the thing."

     Joshua opened the bag from the drug store, and pulled out some kind of
contraption.  Sandra gave it a puzzled look, and then gasped as she realized
what it was.

     "Hey, Lawrence, I need you to kind hold this thing up, about chest high. 
Then start squeezing it when I tell you."  Joshua handled the tall young man a
bag, which sloshed.

     "Sandra, I need you to straddle the toilet, and face the wall.  It says
this thing is supposed to produce results in two to fifteen minutes, according
to the package."  He smiled mockingly at her.  She shuddered.

     "Please, I know I can't stop you from doing whatever you're going to do. 
Just go ahead and do whatever you and your friends want.  I'll do whatever you
say." 

     "I told you, Sandra, I know you'll do whatever we want.  But when my
friends are doing their thing, I want you to know what a worthless slut you are. 
And one way to show how worthless you are, is to let this group of poor old
niggers see you take a shit." 

     There were even some gasps from the gang of men surrounding her, as they
understood the purpose of Joshua's device, and what it would do to their
captive.

      In hopeless despair, Sandra turned around and straddled the commode.

     "OK, babe, now spread your cheeks."

     Sandra spread her buttocks apart.  Her anus was now open to everyone's
view.  There were gasps, laughter and lewd catcalls, as they all gathered around
for a closer look at Sandra's anus.  The group of young black men couldn't
believe that this stunning blonde was standing in front of them, exposing
herself.  Sandra wasn't particularly bothered by her forced lewd display.  She
knew she was about to supply all these men with a far more humiliating
exhibition than opening her asshole to their nasty, and increasingly horny gaze. 

     Joshua turned to his friends.  "I need a volunteer to put this hose up
Sandra's ass.  Any takers?"  Of course they all wanted to.  Joshua gave the job
to Rashid.  He took the thin hose, looked at the dispenser, the tip of which he
would be inserting in their helpless victim's asshole, and laughed.  It looked
like a thin version of a penis, a Caucasian colored one. 

     Rashid grinned and went up behind Sandra.  He kneeled down, his face inches
from her completely exposed asshole.  "You better spread 'em, wide, honey.  I
don't want this hurting you any.  I may be hurting you later, though, when I put
something different up there." 

     He and the others laughed   There was constant chatter from the men.  They
were talking to themselves, and they were also addressing comments to Sandra. 

     She wasn't registering anything they were saying.  She was still in too
much dread of what was going to be done to her, and what she would then be doing
in front of these thugs.  Sandra spread her cheeks to afford the maximum
exposure to the fat young man, who was staring avidly at her asshole.  He then
slowly inserted the tube into her anus, and pushed it in until it would go no
further.  He looked up at Joshua.  "That's as far as it'll, go, man."

     "OK, Lawrence, you hold the bag steady up there.  Sandra, the instructions
say this is strong stuff.  It's mineral oil.  They suggest maybe using only half
of this the first time.  But considering all the shit you gave me earlier, I
think you can use it all."

     And with that, he signaled Lawrence to begin squeezing the bag steadily. 
He did so, until the complete contents emptied out the bag, through the tube,
and into Sandra's anus.

     Sandra took a deep breath.  As horrible as it was going to be when the
mineral oil produced its' results, it was now inevitable.  Sandra felt almost a
sense of comfort.  She understood that when something one hates and fears
actually happens, it probably can't be as bad as anticipation makes it.  She
idly thought that this might be true of the gang rape in which she would soon be
the star performer.  She hoped so, anyway. 

     As she stood there, the men still looking at her ass, and still talking
excitedly about her, and to her, she remembered the way she had responded to
Joshua.   She vividly remembered her overwhelming responses while being
subjugated to his will.  She didn't want that to happen today.  Let them do
their worst, she thought.  Whatever sadistic pleasure they get in using me
today, it doesn't have to affect who I truly am, she resolved to herself. 

     As if her private thoughts were a cue to these men, some of them came over,
and began rubbing their hands over her ass, and grabbing at her breasts as best
they could, through her sweater and bra. Other hands began to fondle her crotch,
and someone was enjoying running his fingers through her covering of thin blonde
curly hair.  Her physical position afforded them the perfect opportunity to have
their way, as everyone waited for the enema to work.   Sandra was leaning over
the toilet.  Her hands were on the wall, above her head. She found cause for
amusement: no one tried touching her inside the crack of her ass.  Poor timing
would be embarrassing for them, too!

     "Sandra, when you feel the need to shit, it's going to be fast.  Make sure
you squat over the toilet, we don't want to be cleaning up any mess.  Do we
guys?"  There was a burst of laughter, but the groping, probing hands continued
to do their thing.   But Sandra sensed a change in their attitude.  When Joshua
first told them they could use her, all they wanted was to fuck her.  Now,
however, she realized that there was an excited desire to see what was about to
happen to her.  Sandra had a sudden fear: what if she reacted to this visible
degradation of her body, the same way she had responded to Joshua? What if she
took some kind of perverted pleasure in being watched while she was being
degraded? She had never even felt comfortable when any of her previous lovers
were nearby when she peed.  No, she, thought, it would be impossible for her to
be that sick!  Please, no, she thought.  That would be too much to bear.  

     Without warning, it happened.  She felt a sudden roiling in her belly. She
quickly squatted above the toilet. Her bowels then emptied itself in a rush.  
Both the sound and the odor hit Sandra forcefully.  She heard the whooping
laughter of the watching men. 

     What she feared, began to happen.  As her body continued to void its'
wastes, she became acutely conscious of the eyes of this group of strangers
focusing on her anus, which was spread open due to her squatting position.  She
felt a tingling of excitement at the thought that she was supplying them with an
experience that no other woman had ever given them.  This incipient excitement
started to turn to actual pleasure, at the thought these black men were
especially enjoying the spectacle of a white woman being made to perform the
most private of bodily functions in front of them.  She knew, beyond any doubt,
that this spectacle had to be a turn-on for them: a woman of a "superior" class,
a woman of a race that considered itself superior to these men, was shitting in
front of them, and doing so with results that were loud, stinking and perfectly
visible to her tormentors..  

     Sandra also realized that there was a sensation of actual sensuous
pleasure, due to the sense of purely physical release she was experiencing, as
her body continued to expel her waste.

     Then she heard Joshua's voice:  "No matter how much you might think it,
guys, don't ever believe that a white woman's shit don't stink."  The response
was raucous laughter.

     As the expelling of her shit dwindled to an occasional drop of liquid
matter, Joshua told her to start wiping herself with the toilet paper next to
the commode. Sandra hadn't anticipated this particular degradation.  She was
going to be wiping her ass in front of them.   It would be part of the overall
entertainment she would be providing today.  She realized that the process of
humiliation would be an ongoing one, one demeaning humiliation flowing naturally
into another.  She began wiping her ass.  It seemed to take almost half the
roll, before she felt halfway clean.

     "Now you can take off the rest of your clothes, babe.  Not because these
horny niggers want to see your titties, which of course they do,  but because
you need to take a shower.  I know that that hole you just used is going to be
used other ways this afternoon.  And no one wants to be putting their dicks into
a shitty hole." 

     Sandra turned around wearily, and realized that this extreme emptying of
her bowels had left her legs weak.  She wondered if this was part of Joshua's
game plan too, not just to degrade her by such a performance as she just
provided, but to reduce her capacity for any physical resistance.  If so, his
plan had worked.  She felt weak as a kitten.  She would be putty in their hands. 
As a matter of fact, even though she knew what would be happening when she was
on her back shortly, all she wanted to do was lay down.

     Sandra pulled her sweater over her head, to more catcalls.  She then
performed that physical motion that can transfix any man.  She put her arms
behind her, and unclasped her bra, leaning forward slightly.  For a brief
moment, the cups fell halfway down her breasts, and then she shrugged out it. 

     For the first time since Joshua told them what would be happening, there
was complete silence.  The gang (which is how she thought of them, they weren't
individual people) stared in hunger at her breasts.  Joshua had waited for this
moment, knowing how spectacular her breasts were.  He was gratified by the
overwhelmed admiration his friends showed at seeing them. 

     Then the moment of silence was over, as all five of the gang came over to
grope her.  Sandra could never have imagined five pairs of hands grabbing her
all at once.  They were rubbing and kneading her breasts, and tweaking her
quickly stiffened nipples.  It seemed to go on forever, but after a couple of
minutes, Joshua told them to back off.  "This bitch needs to clean herself, and
then you guys can do whatever you want to her."  They backed off.  Joshua
grabbed her arm and pulled her towards the shower.

     "Can you do it yourself, or do you need some help?  We would have a bunch
of volunteers."

     Sandra ignored him, and stepped into the shower.  Even the shower would be
part of the show apparently.  All the men but Joshua crowded around the shower
doors, which they had opened a few feet.  Apparently they didn't' mind the floor
getting wet, if they could continue to observe Sandra's nude body.  They were
turned on by her now wet body, and by the soap she lathered over her breasts and
pubic area.

     Sandra shuddered involuntarily at how aroused they would be by the time the
real action began.  She trembled at a vision of them attacking her with the
ferocity of feral animals.  As if to validate this thought, one of the gang
yelled over the sound of the shower, "Get that asshole good, bitch, make sure
it's clean for us."  The rest laughed.  Sandra decided there wasn't much point
to delaying things any further.  If she did, they would probably just yank her
out of the shower. 

     She stepped out of the shower and reached for a towel off the nearby rack. 
Hands began pawing at her immediately, before a voice said, "Let her get dry, so
we can fuck her."  One of the others replied, "What the fuck difference, man,
we'll be getting her wet all over again anyway."  More laughter, but the hands
withdrew. 

     Suddenly Joshua was there.  He told them to bring Sandra with them.  They
all went back out to the living room. 

     Sandra saw that some of them had taken the time to move a full size
mattress out to the center of the floor.  She guessed that this room was larger
than the bedroom, and it would afford everyone - everyone but her - more freedom
of movement, and better vantage points.  No one would have to miss any of the
action. 

     Joshua addressed them.  "How do you guys want to go about this?"

     One of them , Charles she thought it was, said, "Let's just take turns."

     Joshua shook his head in mock sorrow. 

     "You guys have some terrific pussy here, and you can't do any better than
that? This needs some thinking about.  How about this?  One of us starts working
on her, to get her in the right... mood.  Take my word for it guys, she likes to
fuck black cocks, if you put her in the mood.  Once she's in the right mood, you
can fill every hole she's got."

      Joshua turned and looked right at Sandra.  "There are five of you.  She
has a cunt, an asshole and a mouth.  Plus, two hands.  She could pleasure all
five of you at the same time.  What do you think?"  There was a chorus of
enthusiastic assent. 

     Then one voice called out, "Who gets to puther in the right mood, huh,
Josh?"  There was laughter, but also eager anticipation.

     "Tell you what.  Let me mull that over, while we start to get ready. 
Sandra, get your ass down there.  Then you guys, get undressed and get around
all sides of the mattress.  Let her take a look at all those nasty black dicks
she's going to be getting to know so much more intimately." There was more
laughter, and they all started to take their clothes off. 

     Sandra, meanwhile, sat down on the mattress. 

     Joshua looked at her. "On your back, babe.  Then spread those legs open,
and pull your feet up to your ass." 

     She did as she was ordered, and by then all five men were standing at
various positions around the bed, staring down at her. 

     "Why don't you guys start playing with those dicks, so Sandra here can see
how much she's going to enjoy your equipment?" 

     Joshua then quickly left the room. 

     They grinned, and all of them grabbed their cocks, and began stroking them. 
Sandra looked at the men standing around and above her.  They were looking down
at her with undisguised lust.  She shuddered visibly as she saw the dark, now
rigid penises, which would be using every orifice she had.  

     She remembered how turned on Joshua had gotten her, and wondered if there
was any possibility that these men would force her to enjoy her own degradation. 
Because of the obvious crudity of these thugs, she was pretty sure she would be
safe from the ultimate humiliation of enjoying her own rape.  However, she
failed to anticipate the full extent of Joshua's creativity.

     Joshua returned, carrying two pillows.  He kneeled down next to her.  "Lift
your ass, Sandra."  She did, and he placed the pillows under her.  He regarded
her for a moment, then smiled and pushed her knees further apart.  

     Her pelvis was elevated.  With her legs spread open, her pink vulva was now
lewdly exposed to the men. They had gotten even more aroused by this
positioning.  She knew she was showing them what an old boyfriend had once
described to her as a beaver shot.  Her labial lips were exposed, as was her
anus. 

     With a shock of horror and nausea, she realized it was starting to happen
again.  She felt the initial stirrings of excitement.

      She was showing them everything about herself, revealing every intimate
part of a woman's body which strangers had no right to see. 

     She was the entire focus of their most basic animal drives.  Every one of
them could only think of what they wanted to do to her. 

     Sandra couldn't believe herself.  Her determined resolve to maintain the
integrity of her internal resistance was already rapidly dissipating. 

     Every one of these men staring so avidly at her, wanted nothing in the
world now but to use her, to take turns using her in every way a woman's body
could be used.  She knew there was an extra thrill and sadistic pleasure they
would be getting because they were black and she was white.  Her awareness of
how that central fact was turning them on even more, was making her juices start
to flow. She was turning herself on as she visualized herself as a young white
woman, about to be ruthlessly used by a pack of black men. 

     She looked again at the men surrounding her, at their dark bodies, holding
their rigid and bouncing erections in their hands.  She knew that in some part
of her mind, she was beginning to desire what was about to happen to her. 

     Sandra felt a sudden hunger for those cruel looking dark penises to begin
using her.  This was a feeling she first discovered during Joshua's abasement of
her.  She felt it again now, just as strongly.  She was terrified by what was
going to happen to her.  Terrified, but she also couldn't help wanting it to
happen.  Her reveries were shattered by Joshua's voice.

     He had been giving serious thought to how this should go, ever since
leaving the college with Sandra.  He wanted it to be just right.  And just right
meant more than Sandra being violated in every possible way.   She had to once
again had be made to enjoy being used like a slut.  He wanted her to be treated
like the cheapest, most compliant of whores, and - most important - to be made
to enjoy being treated that way. He couldn't have imagined that this was already
starting to happen to her.

      Joshua had decided that of all his buddies, Rashid would be the most
repugnant to Sandra.  He was grotesquely fat.  He was unattractive even to women
of his own race. He only infrequently bathed.  He was also crude, as he tried to
sound especially gross and raunchy when it came to talking about, or to, women,
as if to make up for his real shyness with them.

     "Rashid, you're going to have the honor of leading off here.  But till that
pussy is lathered, and we have her begging for it, I want you to just do what I
tell you.  Trust me, you'll still enjoy yourself.  Go ahead and straddle her,
and let her look at you."

     Rashid grinned in lewd expectation, and went onto the mattress and stood
over Sandra.  He looked down at her, still grinning, and began masturbating. 
His penis was unusually thick, as might have been guessed from his obesity. 
However, it was also long, dwarfing all the male organs she had known, prior to
Joshua's.

     "Take a look at this big, black motherfucker, bitch.  Looks good, don't it? 
Don't worry, you'll get all you want," he gloated, as he looked down at her.

      Joshua had figured it perfectly.   Sandra looked up at the fat youth with
disgust as well as apprehension.  In looking at his penis, she couldn't avoid
seeing that enormous, disgusting belly.  Despite this instinctive reaction, she
unconsciously spread her legs even further apart.  Joshua smiled slightly, and
Rashid's grin split his moon face.

     Joshua got on the mattress and kneeled down next to Sandra.  He looked up
at Rashid.

     "Get down between her legs."  Rashid hurried to do it. 

     "OK, I want you to start massaging up and down the sides of her cunt.  Up
one side, and down the other, slowly."

     Rashid started to rub his fingers in her cunt,  as Joshua had instructed. 

     Up and down, then to the other side, and all over again.  Over and over,
and Joshua stared intently at Sandra's face all the while.  She had closed her
eyes as soon as Rashid started.  After a couple of minutes, Joshua saw her chest
begin to rise and fall, faster and deeper.  Her breathing was noticeably
audible. 

     "OK, Rashid, spread her cunt lips open, and hold 'em open for a minute. 
The rest of you guys, come on in closer, so you can get a good look at some
white pussy. 

     There was laughter, and everyone closed around. 

     Rashid had pulled her labial lips wide apart.  Sandra's now open channel
glistened visibly.   Joshua called out softly, "Sandra, open your eyes, it's not
polite to ignore so many young men doing you the honor of staring at your
pussy." 

     Sandra opened her eyes.  She looked at Joshua, then at the men who had
gathered around to enjoy the lewd display. 

     Joshua suddenly reached over, delicately lifted a fold of flesh, and
exposed her clitoris.   There were murmurs of excitement and admiration from the
other men. 

     Sandra thought about all these strangers, looking at her spread open like a
common whore.   She couldn't help herself.   She started to get excited at being
forced to display herself for their pleasure and amusement.

     She was in the throes of powerful, yet contradictory emotions.  Sandra had
an intense awareness of her total helplessness and vulnerability.  She was in
the hands of men who could, and would, make her service every gross and
perverted desire that would occur to them. 

     At the same time, she felt an exhilarating sense of power over them.  All
they could think of was her.  Every physical sensation and emotion they were
experiencing right now was because of the lewd sight of her, as she lay at their
feet. Nothing in their lives had the intense reality of her presence in their
midst.

     Rashid suddenly laughed.  "Josh, she is getting lathered." 

     The men got even closer.   Yes, Sandra's vulva was visibly wet.

     "Rashid, go ahead and keep rubbing her."

     As he resumed, Sandra couldn't help herself.  She began to softly moan. She
didn't want to help herself.

      She was looking through, not at, all the men around her.   Her whole
attention was centered on Rashid's manipulation of her labia. 

     Rashid, that fat, crude, repulsive thug, was forcing her to lather herself,
against her will!  She didn't care though, because his fingers were producing
magic intensity between her legs.  She began to push her vulva forwards, to meet
his fingers. 

     Then, on his own, Rashid took her clitoris between two fingers, and started
rotating it between them. 

     Sandra moaned loudly.   She arched her back in response to the intense
waves of sensation flooding between her legs.   Her clitoris stiffened.  Her 
vaginal secretions were noticeably flowing and thickening. 

     She heard the others laughing, and high-fiving each other, as they saw her
arousal to the manipulations of Rashid's fingers.  Their laughter got her even
more excited.  Sandra was performing for them.  She got more aroused every time
they responded to her performance.  She pictured in her mind what she looked
like, moaning and moving her pelvis, as Rashid toyed with her. 

     She knew this must have been particularly amusing to the others, because
Rashid was probably the only one among them who never got any action from women. 

     Sandra was right. 

     Rashid was painfully shy and inept with women.  He couldn't engage them in
conversation, and he had known since childhood that members of the opposite sex
had no interest in him. It was for this reason that he rarely bathed.   Never in
his life had any woman ever wanted him.  His only sexual history consisted of
occasional visits to some of the local street corner whores, all as unappealing
to him, as he was to them.  Sometimes they didn't even perform the usual phony
act, in which they tried to convince the john that they were enjoying the
fucking. 

     Now he had this beautiful white woman, laying nude in front of him, legs
spread wide open, helpless and available for anything he wanted to do to her. He
felt an incredible rush, an intense high from knowing both his complete control
of her, and of her uncontrollable response to what he was doing to her.  His
sense of complete power over this woman intoxicating.  He had seen the look of
repugnance she had given him a few minutes ago.  Now he was in charge. He was
causing every sound she made.  He was causing every movement of her body.  He
was causing the flooding of that pink, open and glistening pussy.

       Sandra knew that her humiliating surrender to this overweight, crude
young thug, was turning the others on. She didn't care, because the more they
got turned on, the more she was getting turned on.  She wanted them to start
using those large black penises in her.  She wanted them to compel her to submit
to their demands.  . 

     Joshua stood up.

     "All right, she's lathered up, she's practically dripping.  She hasn't
begged for it in words, but she sure as hell is begging." 

     At this, the men all looked back at the young white woman, still moaning
and writhing under Rashid's hands.

      As they were looking, Rashid decided to put an index finger into Sandra's
anus.  She jerked as if it were a red hot poker, and started moving her ass even
faster.  The others could barely control themselves, as they watched the
beautiful blonde groaning and twisting her ass under Rashid's merciless teasing
of her vulva and anus.

      "Who wants to get in her pussy first?"

     Several answered right away, but Joshua had already decided this, as well. 

     Lawrence was 6'8'.  As tall as he was, his penis was known to be large even
in relation to his abnormal height.  His buddies were always joking about their
envy of his tool, and how they would use it to get any women they wanted, if
only they were so endowed.

      "Lawrence will get first shot at the pussy.  Who would like to put it up
her ass?"  All the others indicated their willingness for this task.  Ray got
the assignment. 

     "Next, who want's to fuck her in the mouth?  Wait, we need to let Rashid do
that.  He's earned the privilege," and then they all looked again at Rashid
working on Sandra.  She continued to moan and gyrate in obvious arousal by the
continued probing of Rashid's sausage-like fingers. 

     Joshua assigned Charles and James the function of having Sandra's hands
masturbate them, while the other three men were filling her openings. 

     The sense of uncontrolled animal lust was almost tangible, as they all got
ready for the group violation of the white body at their feet.

     Joshua had Rashid get up, and he did so reluctantly.  After standing up,
Rashid looked down at Sandra. 

     "Hey, babe, how'd you like that?  You got my fingers all wet." 

     He raised his fingers to his nose, sniffed them audibly, and said, "I dig
that tuna smell, babe."  As Sandra looked up at him, he then sucked on his
fingers slowly.  All the others slapped him on the back, congratulating him on
getting her ready for them.

     Sandra looked at Rashid, and then the others.  She knew she deserved their
contempt.  Worse, she was even more turned on by their now open disdain.  They
knew they could do whatever they wanted with her.  They knew now that they had
the power to make her love it.

     The men took their assigned positions.

     Rashid stood over her face, smirking down at Sandra.  He was like some
monumental presence over her, as she stared up at the penis which was about to
fill her mouth and throat. 

     Lawrence momentarily came up to stand next to Rashid.  The others had
wanted him to display his monstrously sized member to Sandra.  She gasped as she
looked at it.   The others all laughed at her obvious fear. 

     Lawrence smiled down at her

     "Don't worry, girl.  I don't get many complaints."



     Joshua turned to one of the men.

     "Ray, go get us some vaseline."

     Most of the others continued to play with themselves, as they waited for
Ray's return.

     Ray quickly came back with the vaseline.

     "Sandra, get on all fours."

     Sandra slowly got up, and got on her hands and knees. 

     "Ray, you spread her ass open.  Rashid, you can make sure her asshole is
well greased."

      All the others started whooping and laughing, as Ray got down and spread
her cheeks open.  Rashid then began rimming the puckered flesh with his finger. 
He then jammed his thick finger viciously inside her, making her jump and
squeal.

     The men laughed.

     "Man, this is one tight hole.  But it won't be this tight when we're done
with you, bitch."  Sandra shuddered at Rashid's words, but in anticipation as
much as fear. 

     As was becoming perversely normal for her, she enjoyed being displayed for
their amusement and lust.  As Ray spread her ass open, and Rashid touched her
there, her hunger for what was going to happen intensified.  When he finished,
Rashid slapped her on the ass, and told her to move over. 

     Ray lay down on his back, his large dark penis standing straight up. 

     "Sandra, stand over Ray, facing his feet. Now squat down, and put Ray's
cock in your ashole."

      There was complete silence, as all the men watched her slowly lower
herself.  When she was just above Ray's pulsating, bobbing member, she reached
behind her with her right hand, grasped penis, and guided it into her anus, as
she lowered herself all the way.

     She groaned loudly, as she lowered herself to the hilt of Ray's weapon. 

     For a moment they all stood, transfixed by the vision of this young white
woman, as she impaled herself on a black cock.

     Ray started to lift and lower his hips, reveling in the tightest grasp his
cock had ever felt.  He couldn't forget for even a moment - none of them could -
that everything they were doing to her, they were doing to a white woman, a
woman coming from a world so distantly superior to their own, that they could
never hope to enter it. 

     "Ray, stop pumping that dick for a minute.  Everyone else is waiting."

     Ray stopped moving.

     "Sandra, you need to lay back, on Ray's chest.  We've got to make room for
Lawrence here."

     Sandra leaned back slowly.   Without any urging, she took a firm grasp on
the penis embedded in her anus, so it wouldn't slip out as she repositioned
herself. 

     Now it was Lawrence's turn.   He needed no urging.  He spread her legs wide
apart.  Everyone now had a perfect view of Ray's organ buried deep in Sandra's
ass, the dark color of it an obscenely exciting contrast to the white flesh
surrounding it. 

     Lawrence spread open her labia.

     "Hey, Rashid, great job, man.  She's dripping with her own juices down
here." 

     Sandra shivered at the casual lewdness of the words.  She wanted to die,
because she knew it was true.  She was also excited because it was true. 

     Then she gasped, as Lawrence grasped himself just below the head, and
slowly pushed his enormous cock all the way into her vagina. To every one's
astonishment, it went all the way in. 

     Some of them looked at Sandra's face, to see her response. 

     Her eyes were glazed over, looking at some vision of her own, off in the
distance.  What they didn't know was that she was thrilled by the unique
sensations of having both her vagina and her anus filled at the same time.     

     She loved the way the two penises completely filled both holes.  There was
no empty space in either one.

     Lawrence held his cock motionlessly in place for a moment.

     "Ray, let me count to three, and we'll both start fucking her at the same
time," Lawrence said, his voice tight.  He was barely in control of himself,
having penetrated a white woman for the first time in his life.

     "OK, man," Ray groaned.  "But hurry."

     "One, two, three."

       Sandra and all the others, held their breath, as Lawrence counted.   Then
both men began to thrust simultaneously into her body. 

     Every one watched in stunned wonder at the sight of those two black cocks
violating the young woman's two openings.  Ray reached his hands up and began
rubbing her breasts, and playing with her nipples.  Sandra arched her back in
response, and both men continued to pump, with increasing vigor and enthusiasm.  

     It was now Rashid's turn.  He straddled Sandra's face.  "You ready for
this, bitch?" 

     They all laughed. 

     They all knew that Rashid was a loser with women.  He was shy with women. 
He was afraid of them. He wasn't afraid of this white woman, though  He
demonstrated a contemptuous confidence in dealing with Sandra, since getting her
so turned on earlier.

     Charles, standing to the side, and waiting for his chance to place Sandra's
hand on his throbbing dick , said, "Get ready woman.  Rashid here doesn't bathe
as often as he should.  That's one smelly dick you're gonna be sucking." 

     They all laughed.  

     They laughed even harder, when Rashid said, "Yeah but this bitch is gonna
love it." 

 Rashid squatted above Sandra's face.   He pushed his thick penis towards her
mouth. 

     Without being told, she opened her mouth to receive the organ.  Rashid
stopped, though.

      "First thing I want you to be doin' is suck on that head, baby.  Go ahead
and lick it and suck it."  He then moved it forward. Sandra took the head of his
penis in her mouth.  She gagged at first. 

     Charles' mocking warning was borne out.  The thick penis had a rancid odor. 
It was a combination of urine and stale cum, apparently several days' worth.

       Sandra's disgust turned to excitement.   She was sucking the cock of a
man who was not only a loser with women, but one whose only normal sexual
activity was beating off.  Much of the excitement she had felt during Joshua's
rape was due to knowing she was being forced to degrade and demean herself. 
That feeling was intensified with Rashid's penis in her mouth.  He was a loser. 
He was a man who couldn't get women on his own.  He was fat, and he smelled. 
Precisely because of all this, she wanted and needed to submit to the demands of
his revolting body.  

     She began to suck his cock with loud slurping noises.  Sandra felt it
harden even more, as he responded to the energetic use of her mouth and tongue.

     "Man," Rashid groaned, "this bitch loves black cock." Sandra began sucking
with even more enthusiasm.

     Charles and James now each took one of her hands, and placed them on their
cocks.  Without urging, Sandra began moving her hands vigorously up and down the
length of each swollen shaft.  Sandra heard them begin to moan, as she
masturbated them.   She began to vary the manipulations of her hands.   She
encased the black cocks within the palms of her hands, as she moved them up and
down the shafts.  She then ran the tips of her expensively manicured fingernails
over the ultra sensitive organs. 

     She felt a surge of excitement at the way she was turning them on.  More
than that, she loved the sluttish way she was doing more than she had to.   She
wasn't just submitting to this gang rape.   She was submitting with a hungry
enthusiasm..

     Ray and Lawrence continued to pump away, at the respective orifices they
were servicing with so much enthusiasm.

      Ray was concentrating on ramming his cock as deep into Sandra's ass as he
could.  He continued to fondle and squeeze her breasts. Her nipples stood out
stiffly, to almost half an inch. Ray loved the feel of the tight, hard buds
under his fingers.  He knew that part of Sandra's now unceasing moans were
because of his attention to the hard pink buds under his fingers.

     Lawrence was focusing on long, deep thrusts into the pink pussy.  He was
withdrawing his organ almost all the way out, then would push its' enormous
length slowly all the way back to the hilt of his shaft.

     Joshua had been sitting on the nearby couch.  He was watching the action
develop just as he wanted.  He was pleasantly surprised by how well his goals
were being achieved.  First, he had wanted Sandra debased in ways she could
never have imagined.  He wanted to take this still self assured woman - as amply
demonstrated by her cocky attitude earlier in the day - and he wanted to knock
her off her pedestal of superior self -assurance.  Above all, he wanted her
compliance to her degradation.  It was all happening.  He looked at the scene
before him.  Sandra had a cock in every hole, the cocks of men far beneath her
in social and economic status, the cocks of men she wouldn't even deign to talk
to, if given the choice.  These same men were having their complete way with
her.  Her body was nothing more than a tool to cater to their rutting pleasure.

     You couldn't find a $25 per-fuck whore who would allow a group of men to do
what these guys were doing to Sandra.  And she was now submitting willingly to
this.  All you had to do was watch her suck off Rashid, or see the way she was
jacking off Charles and James, to know that she was getting off on being used
like a slut.

      Joshua exulted in the enormous power he suddenly felt.  The power he had
known when he had raped this white cunt, when he did whatever he wanted with
her, was nothing to the power he now felt, as he watched this gang rape. It was
the power of knowing not only that he had arranged all this;  he had given this
white woman as a casual offering to his buddies,  a gift which they were now
enjoying with so much evident energy and enthusiasm. 

    Aside from the satisfaction of his need for Sandra's complete and debased
submission, he had to admit that there was something sexy about the look of
black cocks in white flesh, and of  small white hands beating off large black
cocks.  What was more, this was just the beginning.  His friends had only just
started enjoying the young white slut.  They were doing what Joshua had planned,
implementing Joshua's desire as to how this should start off.  After this first
action was over, she would be their individual play-thing.  He knew each of them
would have their own ideas of what they would like to do to her.

      In addition to the "normal" male desires, there was a truly awesome
excitement his buddies would feel, in knowing that Sandra was truly a sex slave.  
There were no limitations to what they could to do her.  There were also no
limitations on what they could demand she do to them. 

     Joshua congratulated himself on his own creativity.  Right after Lawrence
started fucking Sandra, Joshua had gone to get the video camera and tripod he
knew Ray had in the house.   He had set it up and got it going just in time to
see Sandra start to suck off Rashid.  Indeed, it had been that impending
demeaning action that motivated Joshua to think of getting all this on tape.  He
felt his own cock stirring as he recalled how much Sandra had responded to the
comical Rashid.

     At that very moment, Sandra was trying to picture in her mind's eye exactly
what Joshua was presently seeing.   She was on her back, on Ray's chest, with
Ray's cock obscenely filling her anus.  He was fondling her tits and nipples.  
Lawrence had his enormous black cock buried in her cunt.   The ridiculous and
repulsive Rashid was pounding away with his stinking black cock into her mouth,
moving his fat ass vigorously back and forth.  Finally, she pictured her arms
stretched to either side of her, her hands energetically and teasingly running
up and down the full length of two other black cocks. 

     The mental picture was completed when Lawrence pushed her knees as far
apart as they could go, while still methodically thrusting in and out with his
organ.  He had deliberately opened her as wide as her legs could go.

      Sandra shuddered in pleasure, in thinking of Joshua watching her in this
position, with these indignities being perpetrated upon her helpless body. 

     The men were constantly talking to her, so much so that she couldn't fully
concentrate more than momentarily on what any one of them was saying. 

     Ray kept asking if his cock in her ass felt good. 

     Lawrence repeatedly commented about her sweet and tight white pussy.

     Rashid kept telling her to suck him, to lick his big black dick. 

     Charles and James told her "faster," or "slower," or "tighter."

      Sandra herself kept moaning, not so much at the multiple physical
sensations she was experiencing, but at the perverted images of herself which
she kept seeing in her mind.  She was suddenly in awe at the brutal force of the
male cock, at the way it can pound ruthlessly away at a woman's body.  The
hammering vigor of a man's stiffened cock, the obvious power men felt as they
used the weapon between their legs, was creating a sense of awe within Sandra. 

     She admired what their bodies were capable of doing to a woman.  Even the
act of rape now seemed to her to have a source in the basic nature of the two
sexes.  She felt there was some unspoken law of human nature that made this rape
of her a completely natural process.

     Sandra knew these thoughts would be considered perverted by "normal"
people.   That didn't change her feeling, as the brutal assault continued.  
These men had some kind of unwritten, natural right to be doing to her what they
were. She was serving their animal needs.  It felt right to her.

      She felt a sense of exhilarating freedom, a bizarre kind of joy, in
allowing them to violate her body. 

     No, she couldn't stop the rape, even if she had wanted.   But she didn't
want to stop the attack.  If she could have walked away, she wouldn't have.

     The action began to accelerate all at once.

     Ray started to pant hoarsely, then began thrusting rapidly, as he
ejaculated into Sandra's rectum. 

     Lawrence was turned on even more, as he felt the furious action of the
penis only an inch away from his.   He picked up his tempo, and then expelled
his cum into Sandra's vagina.  They both slowed their plungings, and finally
stopped. 

     Only Rashid continued the steady ramming of his penis. 

     Sandra was now able to concentrate on what Rashid was doing, as her bottom
holes were no longer being used. 

     She knew that everyone's attention was once more focused solely on her and
Rashid.  Sandra wondered what Joshua's thoughts were, as he watched.  She knew
what everyone else was thinking, though, as they were loudly and laughingly
cheering Rashid on. 

     Finally, and Sandra knew it was for the first time in the fat youth's life,
he was able to empty his unwashed penis into a woman's mouth.

     Raucous applause and laughter greeted Rashid's finish. 

     Rashid slowly withdrew his penis from Sandra's mouth.  Thick white cum
dripped off the end of it.  It dripped onto her chin, which occasioned more
laughter.  

     In addition to the laughter, Sandra knew there was also excitement. Charles
and James were waiting for their turns.   Their cocks had been manipulated to
painful stiffness by Sandra's expert manipulations. 

      Sandra had an uncontrollable urge to increase her own degradation. After a
moment's deliberation, she deliberately extended her tongue, and licked off what
she could reach of  Rashid's cum, as if hungry for the taste of it.

     The men watched in stunned amazement.

     Charles and James looked over at Joshua, to see if they could now join in
the train being pulled by the sluttish white woman. 

     "You guys can do whatever you want, from now on.  Looks to me like Sandra
is going to cooperate real well.  So go ahead and have a ball." 

     Laughter greeted his pun.

     Charles and James quickly decided to do Sandra together.  Charles would
fuck her pussy, while James would do her mouth.  But they decided to change her
position.  They turned her over on her stomach.

     Charles pushed her legs up, as far they would go under her chest.  Her
buttocks were now elevated.  Sandra open and vulnerable - and inviting.

      Everyone now noticed cum cream around her anus and vagina, in addition to
what Rashid had deposited around her mouth and on her chin.

     Sandra wondered how men could possibly want to use a woman who had just
been fucked by someone else, by men who had left their cum everywhere they had
just unloaded.  She supposed it was part of that male imperative, the drive to
take a woman at all costs, as long as she was available to be taken.

     James got on his knees in front of her face.

     Charles kneeled down between her legs.  His cock was in one hand.  With the
other hand he began to rub and tease Sandra's clitoris.

     Everyone had experienced the added pleasure of seeing their victim turned
on, when Rashid had succeeded in getting her wet and writhing under his fingers. 
So Charles continued to work his fingers in her vulva. 

     James thought that Sandra was already prepared to suck his cock, based on
her performance with Rashid.  So he moved it slowly towards her mouth.  When it
was a couple of inches away, Sandra raised her head, and obligingly opened her
mouth to receive it.  He then pushed it in. 

     Sandra began to lick the head of James' cock. He groaned as she repeatedly
ran her tongue over his piss slit.  James lust was intensified by this white
woman licking the slit he pissed from.

     Sandra began to moan deep within her throat, as she licked and sucked
James' cock. She continued to be turned on by servicing the organs of men who
never could have dreamed they would have this opportunity to fuck and dominate a
white woman.

      Charles was creating waves of pleasure in her, as he played with her
clitoris and labia.  He now guided himself to her vagina, and then thrust
forward forcefully. 

     The onlookers all laughed at Sandra's muffled scream. 

     Both men energetically worked their cocks in her.  After watching their
friends using the sexy white body, they were impatient to get their rocks off.

     The sight of Sandra on hands and knees, taking black cocks in both ends,
was obscenely exciting.

     Lawrence, Ray and Rashid began to stroke their cocks.  They were getting
turned on once more by watching Sandra being fucked while on all fours, and by
the wanton moaning coming from her mouth around James's cock.

     Sandra was also getting more aroused.

     Servicing two cocks instead of five, she was entirely aware of, and
sensitive to, every invasive movement of each of the black, thick-veined organs
inside her.

     She thrilled to the knowledge that, before this afternoon, she couldn't
have even imagined having more than one cock using her.  Now she was grateful
that there were only two of the massive weapons fucking her at once. 

     Sandra realized again that a man's penis wasn't just an organ functioning
for his pleasure and for passing waste.  It was a weapon.  Yes, it was for their
pleasure, and for the pleasure of a loved partner.  But it was also a weapon
that could be used to brutally penetrate a victim.  She was experiencing how
much sadistic pleasure men could get through that use of their weapons.

     James was watching Sandra's totally intense focus, as her tongue and lips
continued loudly sucking his cock.  Drool and more of Rashid's cock cream were
dripping down her chin.  He had a sudden sadistic impulse.

     "Charles," he grunted, unable to speak in a normal voice due to Sandra's
tongue and lips on him.  "This white bitch, she's really enjoying this, man. 
We're supposed to be the ones getting off, not her.  Let's each pull our dicks
almost all the way out, and make her wait a little."

     Charles laughed.

     "OK.  But I don't know how long I can wait , before I finish up.  You
ready?"

      "On the count of three," James replied.

      "One, two, three." 

     Both men slowly withdrew their glistening black penises to the portals of
their respective holes.  They held them there.

      Everyone stared in fascination.   Sandra was moaning in frustration.  The
men couldn't believe it.  The white woman they were raping, couldn't stand
having the two black cocks nearly pulled out of her.

      It was no act.  Sandra was beside herself.  The fucking, and Charles'
effective teasing of her pussy had brought her to a fever pitch.  She needed to
have them add their loads to her mouth and vagina.  She needed to come.  This
latest phase of the rape had brought her just short of the peak of intensity.

      And once more her mind and imagination were intensifying everything.  She
now imagined what these young black rapists were seeing: a young white woman on
all fours, with black men at either end of her helpless body, their long black
cocks extending out from their bodies to just inside her openings.  Finishing
this image was the picture of her abject, sluttish moanings, as they tormented
her by witholding from her the offerings of their large black cocks.

     The excitement she felt at debasing herself in front of them was
intoxicating.   She would have debased herself further by pretending to hunger
for their cocks, except that no pretense was necessary. God damn it, she needed
these cocks to come inside her mouth and pussy.  The most incredible turn-on of
all continued to be the picture in her mind of them watching her not only being
raped, but of her surrendering to her violation.

     There was momentary silence, except for her inarticulate moanings.  Then
the disgusting Rashid went over to Sandra's ass.  He put his hands close
together, just on either side of her white cheeks. 

     He slowly spread them.   He then plunged a grossly fat index finger into
the puckered opening.  The effect was electrifying.  Sandra howled in ecstasy,
and bucked so hard she shook loose the cocks of James and Charles.

     She pulled her ass back to meet Rashid's invading finger.  Yes, he was fat
and smelly and repulsive - and, slut that she had willingly become - she loved
the degradation of having his fat finger probing around inside her anus.   She
loved having the others watch her white ass moving back to meet the lewdly
probing black finger.  She loved looking like an uncontrolled slut, being
dominated by a man no other woman would even look at.  They were laughing.  She
loved having them all laughing at her sluttish display.

     She had never permitted herself to be taken lightly by men.  She had only
had a few lovers up to now.  Sandra had always played hard to get even for men
of her own race.  Now in the course of only an hour or so, she was hungering,
even moaning and howling, for a group of black thugs to fuck every hole, to make
her come, to make her perform for their sick amusement and obscene pleasure. 

     James and Charles reinserted their cocks, and began rapidly plowing away
again into her mouth and cunt.  Charles really began pounding into her cunt as
hard as he could. 

     Rashid continued to finger her rectum.  Then, in a burst of inspiration, he
used his other hand to spread her anus open as far as possible, and inserted a
second finger into the brown puckered opening.

     Sandra's eyes glazed over, as she felt her rectum filled by Rashid's two
fingers, together so thick, that it was again as if she had a cock fucking her
in the ass.

     Sandra continued her inarticulate howling and moaning.  She sucked James'
cock, moving her mouth and tongue as fast as she could.  She wanted to
demonstrate her gratitude, and thank him for once again being willing to fuck
her in the mouth.  She had debased herself so low, that these men were now doing
her a favor by fucking her.  And she wanted them to know it.  She wanted Joshua
to see it.

     Rashid was wallowing in the sense of domination he had over this beautful
white woman.  Her response to his fingers in her ass had brought on another
hard-on, even though he had just unloaded in her mouth a short time ago.  Rashid
knew that after James and Charles got their rocks off, they would all begin to
take individual turns with this helpless slut.  He knew what he was going to be
doing.  He was going to fuck her in the ass for real, with his thick black dick. 
He loved the way her anus surrounded his fingers, as they disappeared into her
shit hole.  Rashid couldn't wait to take her from the rear, treat her like a
bitch in heat, his cock a poker up her superior white ass.

          As James and Charles continued pumping away, they neared completion.

          Charles was first, and unloaded into the damp and dripping pussy,
furiously thrusting as he spurted into her. Then, what Sandra had alternately
feared and hoped, happened:  she felt waves of intense sensation spasming
through her cunt.  She began thrusting her ass back to meet Charles' unloading
cock.  She started to scream in uncontrollable ecstasy, around the thick cock
still engulfing her mouth.  She continued to jerk her ass and hips, as her
orgasm seemed to have no end. 

     Finally, as she felt it coming to an end, James reached his peak.  But as
he started to come, he pulled his cock out of Sandra's willing mouth, and
started jerking forcefully at himself.  Everyone laughed as his cum spewed out
the end of his dick, splashing thickly  all over the Sandra's face.  It dripped
from her hair, her eyebrows and her nose.  It ran down her cheeks and on to her
chin, to join what Rashid had already left.

     Charles pulled his cock out of her pussy.  It made a wet sound as it came
out.

      James pushed his still hard, dripping cock back towards Sandra.

     "Lick it clean, bitch."

     Sandra started sucking the black, now slimed penis.  She licked along the
length of his shaft.  She put her mouth around the wet, gooey head, firmly
grabbed the shaft with one hand, and began squeezing James' remaining cum into
her mouth, sucking loudly.

     Rashid finally removed his two fingers from her puckered opening.

     As excited as all the others were, at watching the action of James and
Charles unloading their cum, they were also now beginning to truly feel contempt
for their white victim.  No woman they had ever known would have acted like such
a slut.

     Women being gang raped weren't supposed to enjoy it.  And a white woman
being gang raped by a bunch of niggers was certainly not supposed to be getting
her rocks off, screaming like a whore putting on an act for a john - only she
wasn't acting.

     She would deserve everything still in store for her. 

     After the three men moved away from her, Sandra put her face down against
the mattress.  She had never felt so weak.  She had been physically weakened by
the enema and the emptying of her bowels.  Then came this brutal rape, three men
at one time, and two the other  time.   She had just topped all this off with an
orgasm of unimaginable intensity. 

     Perversely, she felt excitement that her ass was still sticking in the air. 
Sandra experienced two directly contradictory feelings.  She wanted to be left
alone now.  At the same time, she continued to lewdly expose her cunt and
asshole, hoping to attract more attention.  She was not to be disappointed.

     Rashid was the only one immediately ready to take another turn with the
slut (as they now all contemptuously regarded her).  He went back to the bed and
kneeled down next to her.  He began to rub both hands over her ass cheeks.  He
spread her cheeks again, and began to gently rim her  anus.  She moaned and
slowly rotated her ass in response. She moved her ass partly in spontaneous
response to Rashid, but partly to let him know she wanted him to do what he was
doing.  She also wanted Rashid and the others to see how she welcomed whatever
they wanted to do to her

     Sandra knew her degradation had reached the lowest possible depths. 

     Given a choice, Rashid was the one she would have chosen to next submit
herself to.  She wanted them to know she was completely theirs, that they could
do to her whatever they wanted.  She wanted them to know that as long as she was
here, she was slave (literally) to their every possible desire, no matter how
sick or perverted.  And she could in no way more effectively show her
willingness to slavishly serve and service them, than by letting them see her
willingness to subjugate herself to the one member of the group who everyone
held in contempt. For Sandra's purposes, Rashid couldn't be too fat, or odorous,
or stupid.  She would show all of them how a woman stripped of all dignity and
rights could be made to willingly serve the insatiable and perverted desires of
a group of thugs.

     "You like this, bitch, don't you?" Rashid asked, as he continued to finger
her opening.

     "Yes," she moaned, continuing to move her ass in response to his anal
probing.

     "What do you want next, bitch?"

     "Whatever you want to do to me," she panted, as he dug his finger as deeply
as it would go in to her anus.

     "Bitch, you leave it up to me, you may not like what happens."  He loved
exercising his complete power over this submissive white slut.  He was going to
do whatever he wanted, no matter what she said.

      Except that she surprised both herself and Rashid.  She truly didn't care
what he did, as long as it would be degrading. There wasn't anything he (or the
rest) could do to her that they hadn't already done.  Then a thought struck her,
as she remembered Joshua's attack weeks before.

     She looked around at Rashid, who was still assiduously working her anus.

     "I want you to let me put my tongue in your asshole.  Please," she said in
a voice she made sure was loud enough for everyone to hear.

     Rashid couldn't believe it.  Not only was this woman asking to do something
that perverted to him, it was her idea.  This was so sick he couldn't believe
it. 

     The others were struck dumb in disbelief.  No woman could want to do that
to any of them,  to Rashid least of all.  And it was a beautiful young white
woman who was asking to do it.  No, not asking, she was pleading with him to
allow her tongue inside his asshole. 

     Rashid's erection got harder, as he imagined how it would feel to have the
tongue of this beautiful white bitch poking through his asshole, using her
tongue to lick where he shitted! 

     "OK, bitch, but you need to ask nicer."

     "Please, please let me smell your asshole.  Let me put my tongue in your
ass."

     Sandra was on fire now.  She wanted to prove her willingness and desire to
do  more than any of these men could even imagine demanding of her.  In a way,
it made her even stronger than them, to be willing to outdo their wildest,
sickest desires.  In addition, Rashid's finger in her ass was making the juices
start to flow again in her cunt.

     "OK," Rashid answered.  His voice was hoarse from the excitement that her
request caused.

     Lawrence called out, "Hey, Rashid, you better get ready to clean up her
puke when she's done eating out that stinking ass."

     Everyone laughed, but they also gathered closely around to watch.

     Rashid took his finger out of her ass.

     "Get on your back, bitch."

     "Yes, Rashid."  Sandra turned around and lay on her back.  She saw the
group was now surrounding the mattress.  She slowly spread her legs wide apart.

     Rashid went and stood over her face, in the direction of her feet.  He
looked down at her.  His cock was stiffened to unbelievable rigidity. 

     "Here's what you asked for.  You better make sure I like it." 

     "Yes, Rashid."

     Rashid got down on his knees.  He positioned his enormously fat ass over
her face.  His ebony buttocks shook like bowls of jello.  He lowered his ass to
just above Sandra's face.  He wanted her to have to reach up with her tongue, so
that everyone could watch while she ate his ass.

     Sandra placed her hands on the fat ass cheeks looming over her.  Then she
slowly spread the cheeks, exposing the dark anus between them.  She remembered
being made to do this to Joshua, after he had sodomized her.  Yes, he had
supposedly  forced her to it,, in addition to every thing else she had done that
night;  but Joshua had a beautiful body, with a lean and muscular ass.  She had
loved putting her tongue inside such a gorgeous male ass.  Rashid's ass couldn't
have been more different.  Huge and fat, his naked ass would revolt any woman. 
She was about to prove to this gang who had brutally raped her, that there were
no limits to her degradation.  With this determination making her cunt drip even
more, she raised her face to the dark crack in front of her.

     She almost gagged as her tongue touched the puckered opening.  Rashid's
failure to bathe was now even more obvious than when he had fucked her in the
mouth.  His anus smelled of shit, old shit thankfully, and of stale sweat.  He
also reeked with the more recent odors of his own cum.  Sandra then pushed her
tongue though the tight opening.  She first pushed her tongue as far forward as
it would go.  Then she began to run it around the interior of Rahid's rectum. 
She thought of all the men, especially Joshua, watching her sick, perverted
performance, and began to moan as she continued to lick the fat thug's rectum. 
If she hadn't forced herself to want to do this, she probably would have thrown
up.

     Normally it would have taken all the young men some time to sexually
recover from having just fucked a woman.  However, the incredible sight in front
of them almost  instantly had them all hard again.  It may not have been what
Sandra intended, but the obscene act she was performing on the disgusting Rashid
had just ensured that the others would quickly want to use her again.

     Rashid was groaning inarticulately, as Sandra's tongue performed it's sick
magic.  She decided she now had an opportunity to control one of these brutal
thugs.  She made sure her nose and mouth were buried deep in Rashid's anus.  She
removed her hands from his ass cheeks, and snaked them under his grotesque
belly, until they found his rock hard black boner.  With one hand she began
stroking his cock, and with the other she ran her fingernails lightly and
teasingly over his hairy balls.

     "Oh man, oh man, oh man..." Rashid kept groaning.  The other men looked on
in envy as Sandra's tongue and hands drove Rashid into incoherent excitement. 
He began to thrust his ass and pelvis forward, wanting to feel more friction
from the small white hands fondling him. 

     Sandra felt a sense of power, knowing she could force his body to do what
she wanted.  And what she wanted was to make him come, at her bidding.  She
started to quickly jerk her hand rapidly up and down his shaft, while still
tickling his balls with her other hand,  and still continuing to lick inside his
rectum.  It only took a moment, and Rashid emptied his cock over Sandra's hands
and tits.  He lay motionless on top of her body, as she removed her face from
the crack of his ass.

     Hands pulled at Rashid, to get him off Sandra.  The other men were in a
raging lust to use the white woman laying on her back on the mattress. 

     Lawrence quickly went to Sandra and gave her a hard slap on the ass.

     "Get on your hands and knees." 

     Sandra turned over, and got on all fours.

     Lawrence stood in front of her.  That huge cock, the largest she had ever
seen, was pointed directly at her.  Like the others, Sandra's performance with
Rashid had increased his desire to fuck this young white whore.  

     Sandra's previous desire to abase herself in front of all these men, by her
obscene behavior with Rashid, now seemed like a mistake.  During the prior gang
rape, all the men seemed to really enjoy just fucking her.  She was a woman
available for their use, and they had used her.  Now, however, they saw her as a
white slut, who wanted to be degraded.  She therefore deserved to be not just
used by them, but abused as well.

     "Suck my cock, babe.  Get it good and wet, because you're going to take
every inch of this in your asshole."

     Sandra, now truly feared the consequences of her sluttish servicing of
Rashid.  Taking Lawrence's grotesquely large cock in her ass would be torture. 

     Joshua, who had watched with all the others as she had licked and sucked
Rashid's asshole, suddenly slapped her ass with a loud crack. 

     "He said to suck, Sandra, so go ahead and do it.  We don't want to have to
get unpleasant here, do we?"

     Sandra started to cry, from both the pain of the savage slap, and the fear
that the gang rape scene was turning into something even more vicious.  She had
aroused the lust of these black thugs to such a fever pitch, that they were now
showing a willingness to physically punish her.  The punishment would start when
Lawrence impaled her asshole with his incredible cock.

     Sandra leaned forward, and pushed her open mouth over his cock.

     "Deep throat it, babe, I want you swallowing the whole thing."

     She took his cock into her mouth until it touched the back of her throat.

     He began to move it back and forth into her mouth, as the other men all
watched.

     Sandra gagged the first couple of times his swollen head touched her
throat, but then she adjusted to the feel of it all the way back there.  She
began licking the underside of the long black cock as Lawrence repeatedly pushed
it in.

     Lawrence grabbed her ears, and started pulling her head forward to meet his
slowly thrusting member.  Some of the others started to laugh at the sight of
the lovely young blonde's head being pulled to meet the huge black cock.

     Sandra felt a slavish relief and gratitude, as she realized that the sight
of Lawrence fucking her in the mouth seemed to be putting them in a less violent
mood.  At least that's what she hoped their laughter signified.  She wanted to
do anything she could to put them in a mood where all they would want would be
to degrade and use her, but not hurt her. So she suddenly put her hands on
Lawrence's ass, and pulled him and his cock forward, with each of his long
thrusts into her mouth.

     She realized that she was tasting both his cum and the smell of her own
pussy on his dick, from when he raped her earlier.  She felt a warm flush in her
cunt as she tasted the two of them on each successive thrust. 

     Sandra also began to get excited as she once again visualized the picture
she now made to the onlookers: a helpless young white woman, on her knees, with
a long black cock fucking her in the mouth, her hands on her attacker's ass in
order to help him violate her. 

      One of those men suddenly bent down, and began squeezing her left tit, and
gently pulling on her stiffened nipple.  She couldn't tell who it was, as she
didn't want to remove her eyes from Lawrence's cock. 

     Another man to the right decided to do the same, and both tits were now
being massaged and kneaded, with nipples being pulled and rubbed between
fingers.

     A fourth man kneeled behind her, and inserted his finger into her asshole. 
She moved her ass back, to meet the probing digit.

     A fifth man lay down to the right side of her knees, and began running
fingers over her pussy.  She felt her cuntal lips being opened.  The teasing
fingers then found her clitoris, and began rubbing it slowly.  It became
engorged with blood, as if it were her own tiny cock.

     Sandra began to moan, as she started to overload from the overwhelming
sensations coming from every sexual part of her body.  This included the
feelings aroused by her asshole being finger fucked. These men had taught her
that her asshole was indeed a part of her sexual equipment.  It was a perverted
attraction that men couldn't resist probing.  It was also a private, dirty hole
which she wanted to have men probe.

     She moaned loudly, wanting all the men to hear her growing excitement.  
She wanted these men to know they were once again in complete control of her
body, that they had the enormous sexual power of making her respond any time
they touched her.

     Sandra suddenly realized something else, something which had been key to
the unexpected pleasure she had taken in the gang rape still going on: she loved
knowing that Joshua had arranged this.  Joshua had proven his total command and
power over her by giving her to these strangers, and allowing them to use and
degrade her.  Most of all, the entire afternoon she had unconsciously been
turned on by knowing he had been watching her violation, and watching her
enjoyment of that same violation.  She was his to do with as he wanted. She had
been able to take pleasure from Joshua's rape of her, because she was powerless
to prevent it.  She had temporarily been his sex slave, and anything done to her
or by her wasn't her fault.  That same fact, and that same feeling, were being
multiplied many times today.  She was not only Joshua's slave, but he had made
her the sexual slave of these strangers. She was a plaything, to be used for
their selfish pleasure, to be used freely in ways that normal consenting women
would never allow. All of this was further intensified because it wasn't just
male domination of a female. It was black domination over a representative of a
race that had humiliated their people, and which they hated because whites still
thought they were superior.  Much of their pleasure today was in teaching her
that she was just a white slut submitting to their black power.  They were
taking revenge through the use of their powerful black cocks.

     Sandra's thoughts had increased her sexual arousal to where it was an
exquisite pain.  She was thrusting her ass and pelvis, backwards and forwards,
to meet the fingers that were simultaneously invading both her asshole and her
wet cunt.  She was unconsciously swinging her  tits, to increase the feel of the
hands playing with them.  She could no longer stand the tension of waiting for
relief.

     She pulled her mouth away from Lawrence's cock, and looked up at him. 

     "Please fuck me in the ass.  Please, Lawrence, I want your big black cock
in my ass."

     Lawrence smiled down at her, and rubbed her head playfully.

     "Sure, babe, I know it's tough to resist, a horny white slut like you."

     He said in a loud voice, "OK, fellas, get away from the little woman. 
She's begging to take it in her white ass."

     The other men pulled away, and Sandra immediately got on her hands and
knees.  She leaned her head and torso down to the floor, and elevated her ass as
high as she could. She spread her legs as far apart as they would go. 

     When she had positioned herself this way, she glanced over at Joshua,
sitting on the couch.  He smiled and gave her a thumbs up.  She felt a thrill of
gratitude that she was pleasing him.  Somehow, performing well for his friends
was even more exciting than doing it directly with Joshua, as great as that had
been.

     Lawrence had positioned himself behind Sandra.  His cock throbbed as he saw
the lewd position she had placed herself in for his use.  He ran a finger around
and around her puckered anus, very slowly.  He barely inserted the tip of his
finger just into the opening.   Sandra was grinding her hips, and moaning
hoarsely during this teasing.

     "You know, babe, maybe I'll wait awhile.  I don't think you deserve my cock
in your ass."

     "Please, please, do it, put it in, I'll do anything you want, please fuck
me," she pleaded.  She began moving her ass even faster.

     Sandra surprised them all, including herself.  As Lawrence continued to
tease her asshole, she began to cry.

     "Please, I need it in me, please do it, don't leave me like this."

     The sight of the white woman, ass in the air, begging and crying for a
black cock to sodomize her, turned everyone on even more.

     "OK, babe, just playing with you a little." 

     Lawrence pushed his cock head slowly past the tight opening.  He gently
moved the head slightly backwards and forwards, keeping it tightly embedded in
her anal opening, his hands on the widest points of her hips.  He reveled in the
power he felt, this white ass stuck up in the air for his use, his black cock
inside her anus, holding on to her hips, with her moaning the whole time.  Then
he pushed it slowly but steadily in, till he thought he could go no further.  He
was able to get it in to where there was finally no where else to go.  He began
moving it back and forth within the exhilaratingly tight sheath.

     Some of the others had begun masturbating themselves again, as they saw
Lawrence's unbelievable cock filling the woman's back side, and her moaning in
mindless pleasure at her impaling.

     Sandra suddenly put both her hands in her pussy.  She began rubbing her
clitoris with one hand.  She put three fingers of her other hand deep into her
vaginal opening, and began thrusting them in and out.  Her moans were louder,
and changed to cries.

     Everyone watched in lust-driven fascination, as the white woman played with
herself while being ass fucked by a huge black cock.

     Sandra quickly brought herself to orgasm.  She vigorously moved her ass as
she rubbed herself to overwhelming pleasure.  This had its' unsurprising effect
on Lawrence.  His balls felt like they were going to explode.  Explode they did,
as he furiously pumped his load into Sandra's ass. 

     The huge cock pounding away in her tight hole hurt.  But it also felt
wonderful, as the sensation of the cock head ramming into the furthest reaches
of her rectum was a unique physical experience.  She had been ass fucked by
Joshua several weeks ago, and today by Ray, but neither of them were endowed
with Lawrence's glorious length, as it penetrated to virgin depths in her dark
interior.

     Lawrence slowly withdrew his cum coated cock.  He gently slapped Sandra on
the ass.

     "Hey, girl, turn around.  I want you to suck it clean, like you did for
James before."

     Sandra slowly turned around.  No one could keep their eyes off her every
movement. She kneeled in front of Lawrence's barely diminished cock.  She looked
at it, and then looked into his eyes.

     "Thank you, " she said.  Then she took the black cock in both hands and
inserted it into her mouth.  She began sucking on it slowly, lovingly.  All the
men avidly watching her could tell that she really loved what she was doing. 

     She did love it.  She loved being ordered to do it.  She loved it's coating
of thick white jism.  She loved the salty taste of it.  She loved the way
Lawrence was gently rubbing her tits as she cleaned his cock with her mouth.

     Joshua walked over to Sandra, and looked down at her with a smile.

     "Who wants her next?"

     There was a clamor of voices responding.  Before Joshua could say anything,
Sandra looked up at him.

      "Please, Joshua, I have to...pee, " she said meekly.

     "Sure babe.  But can we all watch?

     "Yes, thank you, Joshua."  She stood up, and walked to the bathroom.  The
six men closely followed.

     As Sandra got to the toilet, Joshua gently took her arm.

     "Sandra, would you mind giving us a better view?"

     "Yes, Joshua."

     "Good.  Why don't you climb on top of the seat. Face us, and squat down. 
That way, we'll really be able to see you pissing.  OK?"

     "Yes, Joshua."

     Sandra did as Joshua had ordered.  She was now facing the men, who had
gathered to within a foot of the petite white woman.  Her cunt was spread open,
as she squatted in front of them.  She looked at all of them, and took her
fingers and opened her cunt further, so they would all be able to clearly see
her piss hole. 

     She began to piss, a few drops at first, and then a steady golden downpour. 
Her piss splashed loudly into the water below.  Charles and Rashid each began
rubbing her tits as soon as she started to piss.  She smiled up at them.

     Joshua loved the whole scene. He had never expected to achieve this much
submission to their will.  To his will, really.  This whole scene was his
creation.  There was nothing they couldn't do to her, or have her do to them.

     "Sandra, why don't you take a few drops of your piss and taste it?   We
would like to watch that, too.?

     Sandra hesitated only a moment, and then she reached down to touch herself. 
She brought her index finger to her mouth, and sucked the tip of her finger
slowly, looking at Joshua the whole time.

     "Is that all right, Joshua?'

     "That's beautiful, babe," he laughed.  "I would kiss you, if you hadn't
been sucking on so many cocks today. Not to mention just tasting your own piss."

     The other men laughed.

     Sandra looked at all the men around her, as Charles and Rashid continued to
play with her tits.  She looked at Joshua for a long moment.  She realized that
more than anything, she wanted him to use her again, to do whatever he felt
like.  His friends had great cocks, but Joshua was the leader.  Sandra had
submitted degradingly, without any sense of self-respect or reservation to these
five men.  But in do so, she had been submitting to Joshua's complete control
and authority.  Sandra wanted Joshua to use her again, directly, for his own
selfish pleasure.She wanted to please him.  She needed to please him.

    "Joshua, would you...will you fuck me?"  She unconsciously held her breath,
waiting for this response.

     Joshua stared at her steadily for a long moment.

     "Do you remember how you talked to me earlier, babe? You know, that's the
reason I brought you here to take care of these boys.  To teach you a lesson."

     "I'm sorry, Joshua.  I...don't feel that way now.  Haven't I...been good?"

     "You're being a good girl now, babe.  But you still have a lot to make up
for.  The first thing you need to do, is start taking care of my boys again. 
They still want to use you.  OK?"

     She was flooded with intense disappointment and guilt .  She had been a
bitch to him.  She might have thrown away the chance to serve him again, which
she desperately wanted.  Tears welled up in her eyes. 

     "OK, Joshua.  I want to take care of your friends," she said, smiling
through her tears.

     "Good, babe."  He smiled.  "Let's just regard this as probation.  If you're
good, maybe I'll give you another chance."

     "I'll be good, Joshua.  I'll do whatever you want."

     Joshua had a sudden thought.

     "Whatever' covers a lot of ground, Sandra.  Maybe you shouldn't be making
that kind of offer."

     Sandra looked at him in disappointment.

    "Joshua, I mean it. Anything that you want me to do.  Anything you want to
do.  Anything.  Whatever."  She paused.  "Really, whatever. Please"

     Joshua stood there, looking at her thoughtfully.  Then he smiled.

     "Go ahead and get your ass washed, babe.  Man, you've got cock cream in
every hole in your body.  Why don't you rinse your mouth out, then go get in the
shower.  Then maybe I'll give you a way to make up for being such a bitch
earlier."

     "Yes, Joshua, thank you."

     Sandra flushed the toilet, stood up, and went to the sink.  She scooped up
several hands full of water, swirled it around in her mouth, and spit out.  She
then put some toothpaste on her index finger, and vigorously rubbed it across
her teeth for a couple of minutes.  She then stepped into the shower. 

     As the men gathered around to watch her take her second shower in front of
them, Joshua called out to them. 

     "I've got to leave for awhile, half an hour, maybe an hour. You guys enjoy
yourselves while I'm gone.  Let her know I may have some plans for her."

     He smiled to himself, then turned around and left.




Chapter Twelve:  



     Joshua had been gone a couple of hours.

     He entered the living room, followed by a light-skinned African-American
man.  They stopped at the scene in front of them.

     Sandra was on her knees in front of Rashid, who was sitting on the couch. 
Her head was bobbing up and down, as she sucked his cock.  She was so intent on
servicing the thick black cock,  she wasn't aware that anyone had entered the
house.  She pulled her mouth off the cock and starting jerking her hand
energetically up and down the shaft  Her left hand fondled his balls for a
minute, and then her hand moved under the black sacs and maneuvered until she
found his asshole.

    "Lift your ass, Rashid," Sandra asked.

     He lifted his huge ass a few inches off the couch, just enough for Sandra
to insert a finger into his asshole.  She began to work it around the sensitive
orifice, as Rashid started to squirm.

     "Oh, bitch, that's sooo good," he moaned. 

     She continued to work her hand on his black shaft, while she moved her
finger inside his ashole.  He started to moan in earnest, and his cock began to
jerk rapidly.

     Just as Rashid started to come, Sandra put her mouth on his cock, and
pumped her hand furiously.  Rashid spurted into her mouth.  Joshua and the
stranger watched her elegant throat work convulsively, as she swallowed his cum.

     The stranger smiled and started to applaud.

     Sandra turned around in surprise, and saw Joshua and the stranger.  She
blushed, but smiled.

     "Sandra, I would like you to meet Sharkey.  That's not his real name, but
no one knows his real name.  Sharkey, this is Sandra."

     "Sandra, very pleased indeed, to make your acquaintance.  You don't mind if
I don't shake your hand," he laughed softly.

     She blushed again.

     "Hi," she replied.

     Sandra had just had a couple of busy hours.  After watching her body
glistening wetly under the shower spray, all the guys had been ready to use her
again. 

     Prior to the blow job she just gave Rashid, she had also sucked off Ray,
and had formed what the men had laughingly called an Oreo cookie, as she
simultaneously took Charles' cock in her cunt, while laying on his chest, and
took James cock in her ass.

     She was enormously tired at this point.  However she had stayed in a
perpetual state of excitement at the pleasure she derived from servicing these
apparently insatiable men.  Their thirst for her white body seemed unquenchable. 
She had continued to wet her cunt whenever she thought about the pleasure they
were taking specifically because they were fucking a white woman.  Her feeling
of being a white slut, a white slave to the sexual appetities of a gang of black
men, had kept her pussy well lubricated the entire time.  She didn't think she
could ever get jaded to the excitement of being a white slut who was servicing
the perverted needs of black men.  And ultimately, she was doing all of this to
serve the wishes of one particular black man.

     This belief, that she wouldn't ever tire of fucking black men, along with
the certainty that there was nothing she wouldn't do to earn the right to fuck
Joshua again, was about to be put to a severe test.

     "Please stand up, Sandra."  Joshua was being extraordinarily polite.

     She stood up.

     "I want Sharkey here to take a close look at your body.  Is that OK?"

     Sandra, after a brief hesitation, nodded her assent.

     Sharkey casually strolled over to her.  He walked slowly around her,
looking her over from head to toe. 

     "Sandra, would you mind getting on the mattress, on your hands and knees?"
Sharkey asked in a mild tone.

     She quickly looked over at Joshua, who smiled and nodded. 

    Sandragot on her hands.  Without being asked, she spread her legs. Sharkey
smiled.  He got down on his knees, and spread her cheeks.  He examined her
asshole carefully, but didn't touch it.

     "Sandra, would you be kind enough to please lay down, on your back?" 

     She complied with the request and, again with no urging, spread her legs
far apart. Sharkey got between her legs, just as a gynecologist would.  He
carefully spread her cuntal lips apart, and closely looked her pussy up and
down.  He was softly huming to himself.  Finally, he was finished.

    "Thank you for your kind cooperation, Sandra," he said, and stood up.  He
turned to Joshua.

     "Apparently Sandra has been well used today, in every possible location." 
He turned smilingly, and nodded in tribute to Joshua's friends.

     "However, she'll do very nicely for what you had in mind."

     Sandra, having sat up on the mattress, looked questioningly at Joshua.

     He smiled at her.

     "You said you would do whatever it would require, to make up for your
fucked up behavior earlier today, didn't you?"

     She nodded wordlessly, as her heart started to pound in both anticipation
and fear.

     "Well, Sharkey here, how shall I put it?  He's a local businessman.  He
would like to make use of your services for the rest of the day and evening." 
Joshua paused and started impassively at her.

     Sandra knew the answer, but asked anyway, in a quiet voice.

     "What's his business?"

     "He employs what he charmingly refers to as a stable of his ladies, to
service the needs of some members of the community.  As a matter of fact, Rashid
here has occasionally been a...client of Sharkey's."

     Sharkey smiled a gentle smile, while Joshua's friends laughed loudly and
mockingly.

     Sandra hesitated, and then, "Is there anything unusual about what I would
be expected do, or is it just the obvious?" She looked from Joshua to Sharkey,
and back again.

     Joshua looked at Sharkey, and gestured for him to answer her.

     Sharkey said, "Just regular business, my dear.  No rough stuff permitted." 
In a suddenly chilling tone, he added, "Everyone around here knows better than
to abuse my merchandise.  But, of course, no reasonable customer requests would
be denied.  I doubt if there would be anything beyond what these gentleman here
have...requested today.  Of course, someone of your obvious beauty...and your
rather...well,  unique complexion, would likely result in quite a lot of
business."  He paused expectantly, ready for any other questions.

     Without any expression to signal her thoughts, Sandra considered her
response.

     "What would you get out of it, Joshua?"  Something in her tone conveyed,
perhaps only to Joshua, that his answer was important.

     "If you mean money, I...we get nothing out of it.  Sharkey gets your
services for free.  You get to adequately express your sorrow over how you
talked to me today. You can prove you're sincerely contrite."

     All the men looked at her with intense curiosity and interest.  Everyone
understood, of course, that the beautiful young white woman was being asked to
whore for the local black pimp, with his completely black clientele.

      "All right," Sandra finally replied quietly.

     Sharkey smiled his pleasant smile. 

     Joshua's friends laughed. 

     Rashid broke everyone up, as he said, "Hey, we got it for free!"

     Joshua himself only stared at Sandra.

     "You understand, to pass this...test, if you will, you have to stick it out
till the morning.  You have to do whatever is asked of you.  And Sharkey here
has already started word of mouth advertising that you're very enthusiastic
about your work.  We would both be sorely disappointed if you didn't live up to
that promise."

     "I said I'll do it.  I will do it."




Chapter Thirteen:



     An hour later, Joshua, Sharkey and Sandra were standing outside a two
story, run down hotel, in a part of town that was obviously a slum.

    Sandra had showered once more, and dressed.  They had stopped at a local
discount department store.  Sharkey bought Sandra a tank top, a pair of blue
jeans cutoff, and a pair of high-heeled shoes. 

    When they showed up, a couple of Sharkey's whores were standing in front of
the hotel.  They apparently already knew about Sandra, and looked at her with a
combination of contempt and humor.  The two hookers were dressed just as Sandra
was.  This was obviously their uniform.

     Sharkey was explaining things to Sandra. 

     "When you have a client, you'll go up to room 229.  You don't need a key,
the door is unlocked.  You don't have to worry about money, I'll be taking care
of all the financial details.  I might add, Sandra, you may feel quite proud. 
We'll be getting a premium for your services today.  The jo...your customers, I
mean to say get 30 minutes of your time.  If they're not out here in 30 minutes,
I'll be coming to move them along.  Any questions?"

     " What about diseases?"

     "You have a sufficient supply of condoms on the night stand."  He shrugged. 
"Your decision, my dear, use them or not."

     "What about...I mean is there anything I have to do?  Are there things I
shouldn't do?"

     "The customer has his choice of a regular,  which is either pussy or blow
job," Sharkey replied, using crude language for the first time since Sandra met
him.  "I'll tell you "special," if they want to put it in your ass.  Anything
else?"

     Sandra stared off into space. 

     "No, I guess not.  Except when do you think it'll start?" she asked
nervously.

     "It appears that you might have the your first job of the day.  At least
your first paying job of the day," he replied looking down the street.

     Sandra turned to look.  She saw a middle aged man, stumbling slightly, as
he came toward them.

     "Hey, Sharkey, how you doing? " the man mumbled, looking at Sandra briefly,
then turning quickly back to the pimp.

     "This is her, this is Sandra," Sharkey replied.  "Regular or special?"

     The man now turned to look at her in frank appraisal.  He smiled.

     "Well, until I saw how fine she is I was planning on regular.  But special
would be good.  But, Sharkey, I only brung fifty dollars, I don't have the rest
on me.  Could I bring it by later?," he whined.

     "OK, but don't make me come looking for your ass, " Sharkey answered in
that cold voice he could turn on and off at will.

     Sandra was still looking in shock,  between Sharkey and Joshua

     "Fifty dollars," she asked in disbelief.

     "And one hundred for a special," Sharkey calmly replied.  "And that's high
for a body in this area, Miz Sandra, " he drawled.  "You just make sure you give
this man his money's worth.  Now get your ass upstairs.  Time for some customer
service.

     Sandra looked at Joshua, who simply stared back patiently.  She turned to
the john and looked at him.  He was smiling, in eager anticipation.  Finally,
she turned around wordlessly and went into the hotel, quickly followed by the
eager customer.

     Once inside room 229, just as Sandra started to turn around, the man was
pawing her breasts, already panting loudly. 

     She started to push him away, then pulled her arms back down.  He was
paying for the right to paw her, and she had agreed to whatever the johns
wanted.  She wouldn't back out of the deal with the very first one. 

     The man was squeezing her breasts through the thin tank top. 

     "I want to see them white titties," he muttered in frustration.

     "Wait, " she said.

     He took his hands away from her.

     She slowly pulled the tank top over her head, and threw it on a nearby
tattered chair.  She wasn't wearing a bra ("Not part of the uniform du jour, my
dear," according to Sharkey). 

     Before the man could do or say anything, Sandra said, "What's your name?" 
Sharkey apparently hadn't considered introductions a part of customer service.

     The man was taken by surprise. 

     "Benjamin Johnson, " he replied.  "Ol' Ben" according to my friends."  He
looked in frank wonder at her breasts.

     Sandra looked at him.  He was paying for the use of her body, she thought. 
But that wasn't all that different, really, from having been an unwilling gift -
at least at first - to Joshua's horny buddies.  'Ol' Ben' was looking at her
bared breasts the same way Rashid and the rest of the gang had, with an intense
hunger that had all in the world to do with this surprise offering of a white
woman.  She knew that this man probably never got much action, and to have a
young and attractive white woman at his disposal, if only for half an hour,
would be one of the great memories of his life.  And at this thought, Sandra
felt herself start to get turned on again.  She would indeed give this customer
his money's worth.

     "Well, Ol' Ben, didn't you want to touch these white titties?"

     He smiled and began to rub his hands over her breasts. 

     The look on his face said it all.  He had never dreamed that he would be
alone with a half naked white woman, his black fingers stroking and fondling her
white breasts, with their pink tipped nipples.. 

     "Ben, she said softly, would you please touch my nipples?"  He looked at
her in astonishment.  Then he grinned, and started to rub them between his
fingers.  His grin grew wider, as the pink buds instantly became hard, and began
to stand out.

     "Do you like my titties, Ben? If you do, why don't you suck them?"   Ben
looked at her again.  He quickly started to suck at the stiffened pink nipples,
now kneading her breasts at the same time. 

     Sandra moaned softly and arched her breasts upward.  Ben was moaning and
talking to himself while sucking on her.

      She put her hand down to his crotch, and felt the erection through his
pants.

     "Ben, I want to see your big black cock.  I want you to see my pussy." 
Remembering that this was a "special," she added, "and I want you to see my
asshole.  Let's get undressed."

     They were both quickly nude.  Sandra began to think the old racial
stereotype must be true:  black men do have big cocks.  Ben's was uncircumcised,
the first one she had ever seen.  She liked the way it looked.  She began to
feel her entire vulva getting wet. 

     Ben was looking at her in wonder, especially at the blonde hair at the
junction of her thighs.  He tentatively reached out.  Sandra grabbed his hand
and put it firmly between her legs.  Ben grinned when he felt that she was
already wet.  He couldn't believe it, this beautiful young white woman really
wanted him to fuck her!

     Sandra grabbed his cock with one hand, and began stroking it.  With the
other, she cupped his hairy balls, and began running her fingernails over them. 
He groaned in response, and began trying to find her clitoris.  She held his
hand.

    "Let's get into bed."

     Still holding his hand, she led him to the bed.  She lay down on her back,
and gestured for him to lay down next to her. 

     "I know you want to fuck my asshole, Ben.  I want it deep inside my ass."
she said softly, "But first I want you to play with my pussy.  Please, Ben, will
you do that?"

     "Yes, baby I will."

     Sandra then pulled open her labial lips with one hand, and grasped her
clitoris between two fingers on the other hand.

     "Please, Ben, touch me here." 

     He put his hand down there, and replaced her fingers on her clitoris with
his own.  He leaned over, his face six inches away from her pussy, so he could
get a close up of a white woman's pussy. 

     As he touched her clitoris, she moaned loudly and pushed her cunt up
against his hand.  He started to rub the enlarging nodule of flesh, while Sandra
continued to moan, and moved her pussy to meet his stroking fingers. 

     Ben turned to look at her face.  Her eyes were closed, and she was panting. 
He was causing this white woman to make love noises and grind her pussy against
his hand!  His erection began to throb, in his awareness of his power over
Sandra.  She then firmly grasped his cock, and began to stroke.

     "You're so big baby," she said,  "you're so big.  And you touch me so good. 
Thank you, thank you, thank you..."

     Ben thought his balls would explode, her response had excited him so much.

     "Ben, I need to have your big cock in my ass, honey.  We don't have a lot
of time."

     She reached over to the night stand, and got the tube of jelly that was
there.  She handed it to Ben.

     "Ben, baby, please put this on my asshole, and inside it.  You're cock's so
big, you'll kill me if we don't use this."   She then assumed the position:  she
got on her hands and knees, bent down to put her face on the bed, and pulled her
legs up to her chest. 

     Ben felt pulsating waves of horniness as this white woman displayed her
asshole for him.  The puckered rim was brownish.  He began to put the jelly
around it, his cock throbbing painfully as he touched this white woman's most
private place.  Sandra was moaning, in unfeigned excitement, as his hand touched
her.  She began to move her ass around as he inserted his finger inside her. 

     "Ben, please do it, please fuck me there." Even after he removed his hand,
to put the jelly back on the night stand, her ass continued to move and rotate,
inviting her customer to invade her hole. 

     Sandra realized that she hadn't required him to use a condom, and she
didn't care.  She wanted to feel the black skin of his uncircumcised cock as he
fucked her.

     He got behind her, and placed his hands on her hips.

     "Put me in you, baby, I don't want to hurt you."

     Sandra smiled at hearing that sentiment. It was the first expression of
concern for her by anyone that day.  With her face still on the bed, she reached
behind her and grasped Ben's now pulsating cock with one hand.  With the other
she cupped his balls again.

     "Ben, spread my ass open, please."

     He took his hands from her hips and parted her cheeks as wide as they would
go, completely exposing and displaying the tight puckered opening.

     Sandra then guided the head of his cock into her anus.  With her hand she
slowly pulled his cock forward, and pushed her ass back to meet his penetration.

     "Oh, Ben, yes, my god, you're so big.  Fuck me, please, fuck me." 

     Ben was almost out of his mind with lust.  He began quickly and forcefully
thrusting himself into the incredibly tight sheath.  He kept thrusting, while
Sandra kept moaning and calling his name.  Soon, for the first time in his life,
he emptied his balls into a white woman; and not just a white woman, but into
her forbidden hole.  He lay there, panting, and in wonder at the magic of it. 

     Sandra's eyes were closed.  Suddenly, in affection for this man who had
shown her no unkindness or contempt, she clenched her sphincter muscle, which
gently squeezed Ben's cock.  Sandra smiled at his groan of surprise and
pleasure.

    "Thank you, Ben.  Thank your for fucking me so well.  I love your cock."

     After he removed his cock, Sandra grabbed his hand, and put it on her tit. 
She pulled his head down to her, opened his mouth with her tongue, and kissed
him deeply and wetly.

     Ben was grinning hugely, as he stepped out of the hotel doors, almost
precisely 30 minutes after entering...

     When Sandra walked out of the hotel doors, Joshua and Sharkey had four
other men with them.  They seemed to be milling around aimlessly.  Then, as they
noticed her, she realized they were lining up for her services.   They each
wanted their half hour with the white whore.  In fact, they were undressing her
with their eyes right now.  She knew how she must look to them, in her short
cutoff jeans, which showcased her long legs with their strong calves and toned
thighs, the thin tank top which clearly showed the still stiffened nipples
poking through, and her red-painted toenails in the ludicrous open toed high
heels. 

     She felt a flush of warmth, as she realized all these men would soon be
taking turns with her, paying for the right to use her body.  She glanced at
Joshua, who still appeared to be an impassive observer of her new career as
neighborhood white whore.

     "Come on girl, time is money on this street," Sharkey said.  He pointed to
a tall and skinny youth, who couldn't have been more twenty.  "He's next.  And
when he's done, it looks like we'll have a line of customers here, so you can
just wait in the room for the next one.  Go."

     She turned and left, followed by the young man. 

     Upon entering the room, she turned to him.

     "What do you want?" she asked tonelessly.  "Pussy or blow job?"

     "Pussy, bitch.  And dog style.  First I want to see that body."

     Well, she thought, they can't all be like Ol' Ben Johnson.  She wasn't
terribly worried by the aggressive hostility.  She only had to spend half an
hour with him.  And she was sure that when he started using her, he would be
intent only on gratifying his needs.

    He started to undress.  Sandra quickly kicked off the high heels.  She
waited until she saw he was looking at her, and she slowly pulled her top over
her head, her large breasts suddenly exposed to his view.  His eyes widened, and
she knew that the only white tits he had ever seen would have been in a men's
magazine.

     He was completely nude, his erection jutting out from his body.  His dark
penis, like every one she seemed to have seen today, seemed very long.  The
bulbous head was already leaking pre-cum.

     Sandra slowly began to pull her cutoffs down to her ankles, and then off. 
She stood there for a moment, to let him observe her clad only in her thong
panties (chosen, of course, by Sharkey).  She then equally slowly pulled her
panties off, bending over as she did so, causing her breasts to hang down
provocatively, emphasizing their size and softness.  The john was now breathing
very hard.  He also seemed a little tentative, now that he and his white whore
were both nude.

     Sandra knew he had paid to come in her vagina.  But nothing prevented her
from being a little creative.  She didn't want them to come in, just fuck her,
and leave.  She wanted to experience to the fullest, or at least to whatever
extent 30 minutes permitted, the opportunity of allowing another black man to
experience the thrill of fucking an available white woman.  She still loved the
sense that they weren't just fucking a woman, they were fucking a white woman
who was submissive to them.  Subjugating her body to their power over her, and
to the power of their black cocks, continued to a turn on for her with every
black man who was using her body.

     She walked over to him.  Sandra took his stiff penis with one hand, and
cupped his testicles with the other.

     She lifted her face to his, and gently kissed him.  She pushed her tongue
into his mouth, and they French kissed deeply.   She felt her vulva getting wet,
as she recalled how strange and truly invasive, how much like rape it had been
when Joshua first did this to her.  Now she was initiating the same act with a
stranger off the streets.  And she was enjoying the total familiarity with which
their tongues explored each other.  He put one hand between her legs, and the
other hand on one of her breasts.  She moved her hand from his balls, and put it
in the crack of his ass.  She found his anus, and inserted her finger, and began
exploring.  He began to pant, and his large penis got even longer and harder. 
Sandra marveled again at how easy it was to control men, by surrendering herself
and her body to their physical pleasure.  She loved the rigid feel of his cock
in her small hand.

     "Let's get in bed," she whispered to him. "Lay down on your back.  Now
spread your legs.  May I suck your cock?"

     "Yes, " he replied hoarsely.

     She assumed the classic 69 position, with her vulva and ass over his face,
where he was surely getting his first close look at a white pussy.  She bent her
head over his cock and began sucking.  She first sucked the head, making noises
so he could hear her servicing him.  She inserted her tongue into his piss slit. 
She smiled, as he began grunting and groaning uncontrollably.  She commenced
licking the entire length of his shaft, down to his balls, which she also
licked. 

     She suddenly felt his fingers parting the folds of flesh of her pussy.  He
then truly surprised her, as he began to lick her pussy, from just below her
blonde pubic hair, down to her vagina.  He inserted his tongue into her vagina,
wagging it back and forth inside her.  He was still eating her, when she felt
his fingers spread her ass cheeks and hold her open for a few moments.  Sandra
then felt one of his finger touch her asshole.  The explored the puckered flesh,
and then went into her rectum.

     "How do you like that, bitch, that feel good?"

     Sandra groaned in response, and continued to suck and lift his shaft.

     Hey, girl, answer a man when he talks to you."

     "God, yes, you make me feel so good.  Ohhhh...Thank you." 

     Sandra wasn't just trying to make her john feel good.  The expert use of
his tongue and hands made her cunt juices flow.

     "Man, you're one wet whore down here, girl.  A man could choke on this."

     Sandra groaned more passionately, and he laughed.

      "Come on, I want to fuck this pink pussy now.  You stay where you are"

      Sandra felt him moving from under her, as she remained on all fours.  He
had said "doggie style," so she waited.  She knew she was like a bitch in heat. 
She knew that this man knew it, too, and was going to satisfy her animal needs.

     He didn't waste any time.  After getting behind her, he quickly and
forcefully pushed his shaft into her vagina, cupped he heavy, hanging breasts in
each hand,  and pumped away.  His pelvis and thighs made a loud slapping sound
against her ass,  every  time he thrusted deeply.  Sandra never stopped moaning. 
She was excited by the authoritative way he was taking her.  In only a minute,
though, he began to snort loudly.  He quickened the pace of his thrusts and
suddenly unloaded inside her.  As he withdrew from her, she lay her face down on
the bed, panting from the forceful fucking she had just received.

     The man dressed and left without a word.  The whore had provided the
service he had paid for, and their business was over.

     Following Sharkey's instructions, she didn't leave the room, but waited for
her next john.  She positioned herself on the bed, laying on her back, with her
legs spread, as the next man entered the room...

     She serviced three men in the next hour and half.  She gave two blow jobs,
and was taken in her anus again.

     After the third man left, Sharkey and Joshua entered the room.  They looked
at her.  They saw thick white cum around her mouth, from the just departed john. 

     "Man, Sandra here is a real worker," Sharkey smiled.

     "She really likes fucking niggers," Joshua replied.  And there's one nigger
in particular she wants to fuck."  Joshua smiled at her.  "You still willing to
do whatever you have to, for me to give you what you need?"

     "I'm doing it, aren't I?"

     "So far.  But if you were one of Sharkey,s ladies, and had gotten so
uppity...Sharkey, what would you have done?"

     With no expression on his face, Sharkey took out a switchblade, and snicked
it open, revealing a long vicious blade.  He quickly made the blade disappear
into the knife, and the knife disappeared back into his pants pocket.

     Joshua looked at Sandra.  "Your 'punishment' hasn't been so bad, has it
Sandra?  You serviced some of my friends, but you liked it.  You're servicing
some of Sharkey's customers, and to hear them tell it, you're really liking
that, too.  So I'm not being so tough, am I?"

     "No, Joshua, you're not."

     "OK, you're not finished working for Sharkey, but right now we're going to
your place.  We need to get you cleaned up.  Then Sharkey needs you to put on a
real sexy, expensive looking dress.  We'll be coming back for you to service
your...well, let's call it your final client for Sharkey.  OK?

     "OK.  Can...will we be able to be together after that?"

     "That depends on how you do tonight. The client tonight is spending a lot
of money to rent your body.  No more questions.  Get dressed and let's get out
of here.  I'll be waiting downstairs."

     The two men turned and left.  Sandra was depressed that Joshua still felt a
need to put her through her paces.  She couldn't imagine any kind of test that
would be a greater measurement of her willingness for total surrender to his
desires and whims, than what she had done today.

     Maybe that would change after tonight.




Chapter Fourteen:



     Joshua drove them to her house. During the long drive, there was little
conversation, as both were thinking their own thoughts.  Once inside, Joshua sat
down in the living room, and looked around. 

     "Sit down, Sandra.  You must be exhausted."

     She looked at him, to see if he was mocking her.  His face was impassive.

     She sat down.

     "So, what's the story about tonight, Joshua?"

     "You'll find out when it happens.  Just take it easy now.  You'll need your
strength."

     "Why can't we be together?  Haven't I proven I'll do anything you want?"

     He looked at her thoughtfully.

     "Let me ask you something.  What exactly do you want with me?  Or from me? 
Before that first night together, you looked pretty happy and satisfied.  A good
paying job, nice house, your choice of any men you wanted.  So what is it you
want from me so badly, that you're willing to be a whore for a bunch of
niggers?"

     Sandra stared off into space.  That really was the question, wasn't it?
What did she want from him, want so badly that she was literally prostituting
herself?

     She began to speak hesitantly.

     "The first time I ever...had any type of sex...I was in high school, and my
steady boy friend and I were in his car after a movie.  I had figured it was
time to let him get in my pants.  Not to fuck, but to...well, I guess it's
called making out.  Without going into details, by the time he was really
playing with me...and remember, this is the first time I let anyone touch me
there...once he got me going, he made me come with his fingers.  You know what
that feels like to a woman, when it's done right?  When a woman comes, when she
really gets off, it's a complete loss of control of herself.  You lose control
of your body, you don't control the way you move or the noises you make, or what
you say..."  She paused and looked at Joshua.  "Do you know what I'm trying to
describe?"

     "Sure," he said, smiling.  I've seen enough women come.  I've sure seen you
come."

     She didn't return his smile. 

     "You don't get it.  You see a woman's reaction, but you can't know what it
feels like.  From the way you guys are, once you really get going, it's over in
a few seconds.  With us, it builds and builds and builds, and once it really
starts with us, it just keeps going."

     "OK, " he said contemptuously," you take longer to get off.  Big deal."

     She shook her head.

     "No, it's not just the time aspect.  Which you shouldn't be so dismissive
about..."

     He interrupted her.

     "That's one of the things that turns me on with you, the idea of me making
you horny, you

being such an educated college girl, and all."

     "Now you're getting a little closer to it, Joshua.  Like I said, it's not
just that women take longer to come than men do.  You say you like turning me
on, among other reasons, because I'm educated.  Think about it.  It gives you a
sense of power to do that to a woman who's more educated than you. It's really
about the power you feel over a woman, isn't it?

     He thought about it. 

     "Yeah, I love the feeling of making a woman do things.  Not just things,
but making her responding because of what I can do."

     "Well, let me tell you how it is from a woman's standpoint, Joshua.  Or at
least from my standpoint. "  She paused to carefully consider her words.  "When
you raped me that night, you didn't just shove it in.  You played with me.  You
touched me in places that turn me on.  You tried to turn me on.  It was rape all
right, rape in the sense that you didn't give me a choice.  I had to fuck you. 
But you did everything you could to me physically to get me turned on.  You
succeeded.  I couldn't help myself.  That was what really made it rape.  Rape is
normally when a man fucks a woman against her will.  When you raped me, you
raped my mind and my soul, because you made me enjoy it.  You made me want it to
be happening.  You were in complete control of me, physically and emotionally. 
What made it even worse - and better, too - was that once I knew you were in
control of me, something really bizarre and perverted happened to me.  I wanted
you to control me."

      She paused again, and Joshua spoke.

     "OK, I dig that.  That's what happened today with the guys, isn't it? They
were in charge, and you liked them taking control of you."

     "Yeah, that did happen today.  But you were the one still in control of me,
Joshua.  You gave me to them.  You gave them control over me.  And the same with
Sharkey.  You made me his whore.  And I did it, because I want you controlling
me.  Ever since that first night, I feel like I'm a white slave with a black
slave master.  And I want my black master to use me."

       "Well, how about this morning, the way you dissed me, babe.  This ain't
the same tune you sang then."

     "I was wrong, Joshua, I didn't understand how I really felt.  I actually
felt emotionally good since the night of the rape.  A woman's not supposed to
feel that way after being violated.  I thought it must be because in spite of
what you did to me, I had discovered things about sex I liked.  But I was wrong. 
I felt good because you had mastered me.  And it's a weird contradiction, maybe,
but I've felt free for the first time in my life, knowing that there was a man
in control of me.  That's what I want from you, Joshua, I want you to be my
master.  I want you to do everything you feel like with me.  If you want to give
me to your friends, OK.  If you want me to be a whore, OK.  If you want to give
me to strangers on the street, OK.  But it's because you're making me do it,
Joshua, it's not because I want those other men."  She hesitated and looked at
him.  "This will sound fucked, Joshua.  I think this is love.  I think I love
you."

     Joshua looked at her.

     "So, you're saying there are no limits to what I could do to you, that
would change your feelings?"

     Sandra sighed. 

     "Well, I don't like physical pain, Joshua.  I'm not masochistic, or
anything.  That would be something I wouldn't willingly do for you.  But as far
as anything else...there's no kind of sex or degrading thing that I wouldn't be
willing to do for you.  Why don't you accept that?  Why don't you just use me."

     Joshua stared at her. 

    "Isn't that what I've been doing today?  I've forced you to pull a train,
for a bunch of niggers.  I've had you be a whore, fucking men so your pimp could
make money."

     "Joshua, you've been doing that just to punish me.  I want you to make me
do things because it gives you pleasure."

     "Girl, you're crazy if you don't think I had a good time seeing you get
turned on, "in spite" of yourself, by taking black cocks in every hole you've
got!"

     Sandra blushed. 

     "But that's not why you did it, is it?"

     "Sandra, what the fuck difference does it make?  I did enjoy it."

     Sandra's eyes teared up. 

     "So you'll use me?  You'll let me serve you?"   She paused.  "Will you be
my master?" she asked, with an almost shy expression on her face.

     Joshua leaned forward.  He stared intently at her.

     "I want you to be my...thing.  My property.  But you better beware, Sandra. 
You'll probably end up doing things you don't want to be doing."

     "I know, Joshua, but as long as it gives you pleasure, there will always be
a real sense in which I do want to do those things."

     Joshua leaned back in the chair.

     "Let me tell you something, Sandra.  Until just this moment I was really
pissed off at you.  The thing scheduled for tonight, that was going to be more
punishment.  It's something that you really wouldn't want to do.  Take my word
for that, babe.  But now, well, now my dick is throbbing, just thinking about
you doing this thing tonight, doing it just because I want you to. "

     He leaned forward again.

     "I mean it, Sandra.  Tonight will be awful.  Are you still willing to do
it?"

     "How will it be so awful, Joshua?"

     "You'll be treated like a piece of meat, babe.  You talk about doing
degrading things, well, that's exactly what will happen tonight.  You'll be used
and embarrassed and humiliated."

     Sandra leaned forward, with an eager look on her face.

     "Will it turn you on, Joshua.  Will you enjoy seeing all this happening to
me?

     Joshua looked at her and smiled.

     "I would love seeing all this happen to your white ass."

     Sandra stood up. 

     "I'll do it Joshua, I'll do it for you.  I'll do anything for you. 
But...would you do something for me?"

     "What?"

     "Would you punish me, Joshua?"

     "Punish you?  How?"

     "However you would feel like doing it, Joshua.  I was bad to you this
morning.  I should be punished for it."

     "Didn't I punish you by getting you gang-banged?  Haven't I punished you by
turning your fancy white ass into a whore?"

     She went over to Joshua, and squatted on her heels in front of him.  She
peered intently into his face, to emphasize her next words.

     "I liked it when those men fucked me, Joshua.  I liked sucking their cocks. 
I liked it when they put their cocks in my cunt and my asshole.  I liked putting
my tongue inside Rashid's ass, and tasting his shit.  I liked being in that
hotel room, and letting those strangers fuck me, Joshua.  I liked it because you
were making me do all those things.  Just like I know I'll like tonight, because
you want me to do whatever it is, and you'll be enjoying it.  No, Joshua, you
haven't punished me today."

     Joshua took a deep breath, and stood up.

     "Get undressed, bitch. Let's go into the bedroom.  I want to see that naked
white body."

     They went into the bedroom.

     Sandra took off her clothes.  As she removed her panties, Joshua held his
hand out.  She handed the panties to him.  He sniffed at them. 

     "Smells like you've been used, bitch.  Go get a couple of pair of panty
hose, Sandra."

     Sandra got him the panty hose.

     "Face down on the bed, bitch."

     Sandra got in bed and laid face down.  She spread her legs, because it made
her feel more submissive and vulnerable.

     Joshua used the panty hose to tie her hands to the corners of the bed's
head-board. Sandra felt a delicious thrill of fear and anticipation.

     Joshua sat on the bed by her side, facing towards her feet. He put his left
arm around her, and under her body, and held her firmly in place. He gently
began to run his hand over her ass.  Sandra started to moan. 

     He put his finger inside her asshole, doing it roughly. 

     Sandra gave a little scream, but started to move her ass around his finger.

     Joshua pushed his finger as far as it would go.

      Sandra moaned in real pain.

     "This a little bit sore, maybe from all those black cocks that have been in
your back door?"

     "Yes, Joshua, it hurts.  Those cocks were too big for my hole."

     Joshua grinned at the almost little girl tone of this sophisticated white
woman's voice.

     Joshua removed his finger from her anus.

     "Your wish is my command, babe.  I sure wouldn't want to hurt you."

     Joshua and Sandra were both silent and motionless.

     CRACK! 

     Joshua had slapped her ass. 

     Sandra would have jumped in pain, but she was held motionless, except for
clenching her toes.  She moaned.

     CRACK!

     Sandra cried out this time.

     CRACK!

     CRACK!

     CRACK!

     Sandra was now crying.  Joshua's hands had left red imprints on her white
ass cheeks.

     "OK, Joshua, thank you, that's enough.."

     CRACK!  CRACK! CRACK!

     Sandra screamed each time his hand came down.  Tears were streaming down
her cheeks.

     "Please, baby, no more.  It really hurts me."

     "OK, Sandra, just take it easy.  Does this make it feel better?"  Joshua
gently put his finger on her anus, and began softly rimming the tight ring.  He
felt her buttocks relax.  He inserted his finger into her asshole, and unlike
the time before, he gently circled it around the confines of her rectum.  Sandra
began a steady moaning as Joshua continued the movements of his invading finger.

     CRACK!

     Sandra screeched  in shock and pain.

     Joshua softly laughed.

     "You wanted to be punished.'

     Sandra cried.

     CRACK!

     Sandra screamed again.  She cried more.

     "You said you wanted to give me pleasure.  Well, I sure enjoy hitting your
helpless white whoring ass."  He paused.  In a gentle voice, he said "May I put
my finger inside your asshole again?"

     "Yes," she sobbed.

          Once again, Joshua rimmed her puckered anus, and then again resumed
rotating his finger within her rectum.  He pulled his finger out, and reached it
to her face.

     "Suck it, babe"

     Sandra began sucking his finger.  She tasted herself, and felt herself
beginning to get wet, despite her painfully throbbing ass cheeks.  Her sobs
began to slow down.

     Joshua removed his arm from under her.  He got behind her on the bed.  He
gently pushed her  spread legs up to her chest.  Her ass was now elevated once
again.

     Joshua tenderly put the tip of his tongue on her anus, and began rimming
her. 

     Sandra moaned, but in pleasure this time, at the delicious sensation of the
probing tongue.

     Joshua then fucked her asshole with his tongue.

     The sound of her constant moaning was music to his ears.  He had surprised
himself by how much he had enjoyed spanking her white ass.  Now, just that
quickly, she was sexually responding to his tongue.  His cock surged as he
realized once again the complete and utter power he had over this desirable
white woman.

     He removed his tongue from her ass.  He spread her cheeks, and pushed his
penis into her now drenched vagina, and began driving it vigorously in and out.
He never seemed to get tired of the sight of her ass in the air, with a massive
black cock in one of her holes, whether it was his or someone else's.

     She began to make mewling, gasping sounds, and this quickly brought him to
forcefully unload inside her.  Sandra began to scream at the same time.  But
this time, they weren't screams of pain...




Chapter Fifteen:



     It was early evening, and Joshua and Sandra were again driving in the
ghetto.  They were in what had once been an industrial part of town, filled with
warehouses and trash cluttered empty lots. They passed an occasional lonely and
forlorn liquor store.   Sandra found it depressing, especially after the
passionate afternoon with Joshua. 

     After their violent, synchronized orgasm, Joshua had laid down next to her. 
He had kept her hands tied.  He gently massaged her back, gradually moving his
hands down to her legs, and eventually up to her ass.  He had gotten her aroused
again, and satisfied her needs by once again mounting her from the rear.  Joshua
took her in the anus, while masturbating her clitoris, and she had moaned and
screamed in abandoned gratification.  They eventually showered together, barely
managing to avoid wasting the effort, as Joshua refused to give in to their
mutual desire.

     After the unexpected turn the afternoon had taken, with its' pleasure and
passion, the feeling was now dissipating, thanks to this gloomy drive.  Sandra
was now beginning to feel intense anxiety.  She had no reason to doubt Joshua's
earlier warning, about how unpleasant this night would be for her.  She grimly
held on to the knowledge that he would be enjoying her degradation.  She would
hold on to that thought.  She would be pleasuring the man who controlled her,
regardless of whose specific body was doing what to her.

     Joshua eventually pulled the car up in front of a seedy, gloomy looking
bar.  The neon sign in front said Eva's Place.   There were various cars, and a
couple of motorcycles, parked on the street in front of the bar. 

     They got out of the car. 

     Sandra pulled down the simple, but elegant black dress she was wearing.  It
had spaghetti straps, a low decolletage, and came down to the top of her knees. 
She wasn't wearing either a bra or panties, just as Joshua had insisted.  The
black of the dress contrasted with her pale complexion and short golden hair.
She was wearing high heels.  Her fingernails and toenails had been painted a
dark red.  Joshua had silently assessed her appearance, and finally told her she
looked stunning.  After she looked herself over in the mirror, she had
reluctantly agreed.  Reluctantly, because she had a strong feeling that looking
particularly attractive tonight might not be to her advantage.  As they
approached the door, Joshua stopped and looked at her.

     "At this point, it would be nice of me to give you a final chance to change
your mind.  Unfortunately, some money has changed hands now, with some people it
wouldn't be smart or safe to back out of a deal with."

     "Let's just do it.  And I want you there, watching whatever happens. 
Please."

     "Sandra, don't misunderstand me.  I'm only saying that offering you a
chance to withdraw would be the kind thing to do."  He stared intently at her. 
"I got turned on when I thought of subjecting you to this, and I have a hard-on
right now, imagining what's going to happen."   He took her hand and placed it
on his crotch.  He had a massive erection that was concealed only by the leather
jacket sport coat he was wearing.

     Sandra felt an abrupt wave of both fear and excitement. 

     "Let's go in."

     They stepped through the door.

     The room was dimly lit.  There was a long bar in the shape of an elongated
U.  There were a dozen or so booths along two walls. Hip hop music was issuing
forth from a couple of large, wall mounted speakers.  There was a huge big
screen TV, in a corner near the bar.  There was a large pool table in the middle
of the room.

     There were probably two dozen men in the bar, and three women.  All were
black.  One woman was behind the bar, presumably "Eva." Sandra recognized the
other two women as Sharkey's two hookers, the ones who had looked at her with
such contempt when she joined them on the street corner.

     Sharkey was there, and he smiled broadly when he saw her.  He turned and
said something to the man standing next to him.  This man was built like a
fire-hydrant, short and squat, but muscular.  The man stared at Sandra for a
long moment.  He glanced at Joshua, then returned his attention to Sandra.

     There was a murmur of voices as everyone noticed their entrance.  The
voices quickly died down to an expectant silence.  The man next to Sharkey,
never taking his eyes from Sandra, said "Sammy, put the sign in the window."  A
tall young man, looking no more than 17 or 18, got up, sauntered to the door,
and flipped the sign there, so the side reading "Closed" now appeared facing the
street.

     Sandra nervously looked around her, at the other men in the room.  They
appeared to range in age from the late teens to the mid-twenties.. They were all
wearing the kind of clothes that are recognizable as gang member uniforms.  And
they were all avidly staring at her.

     Joshua took her arm, and propelled her towards Sharkey and his companion. 
Sandra's hips swayed provocatively, thanks to the high heels Joshua had insisted
on.

     "You're lovely tonight, my dear," Sharkey murmured in that peculiar pseudo
elegance he affected.  " May I introduce Anthony, the...shall we say, the leader
of our group client tonight.  Anthony this is Sandra."

     Sharkey's words confirmed the fear Sandra had as soon as she had entered
the room.  Two dozen men...it didn't seem possible that Joshua would give her to
a group of strangers this size.  She looked at him.  His face was impassive, but
she remembered his erection.  He knew exactly what was going to be happening
tonight, and he was looking forward to it.

      Sandra, however, still had only an inkling of what was in store for her.

     Anthony deliberately looked her over from head to toe, and began nodding to
himself.

     "So, this the white bitch that like it dark?  Well, we sure nuff got plenty
of dark here tonight."  His words broke the tension, and everyone but Sandra and
Joshua laughed.  Joshua did smile, though.

     Sharkey smiled, and said, "Her customers today were all very enthusiastic,
indeed.  Sandra here certainly does appear to be an unusual young white woman. 
Of course," Sharkey smirked, "you already know how much this young lady (a
slight but noticeable emphasis on this word) admires males of the
African-American persuasion."

    Anthony scowled.  "Sharkey, you're so fulla shit, your eyes be brown even if
you was a honky.  Anyway, I think most white pussy be taken with nigger cock, if
they could choose."  The laughter of the other men assented to both the put-down
of Sharkey and to Anthony's assessment of the state of white female sexual
inclinations.

     Sharkey's eyes momentarily grew cold, but he quickly smiled.   "Sho nuff,"
he said.  He knew how dangerous the gang leader was. 

     Anthony led a street gang which ruthlessly guarded its' territory.  It was
a gang of the new, corporate style.  It was devoted to the hugely profitable
distribution of drugs.  Anthony was indirectly responsible for dozens of
murders, and had pulled the trigger himself on at least eight occasions.

     "Well, Sandra," Anthony sneered, "you be our entertainment tonight, right?" 
Every one waited for her response.

     "Yes."  Sandra was able to keep her voice steady only by restricting her
reply to the one word.  She looked at Joshua quickly, after she answered
Anthony.

      Anthony slapped her lightly on the cheek.  "Your man here, by our
courtesy.  You bought and paid for tonight, and he don't have anything to do
with it.  Except to enjoy the show."  All his men found this witticism
uproarious.

     As increasingly horrible as her imminent fate here was becoming to her,
Sandra felt a thrill at the reference to Joshua as her "man."

     Anthony unexpectedly reached out with both hands and roughly grasped
Sandra's breasts through the thin dress.  He smiled as he squeezed them.  His
gang members laughed and hooted. 

     One of them called out, "What we waiting for, let's put it to the bitch."

     "First we got some cinema to watch," Anthony replied.  He grabbed her by
the arm and pulled her over to the table closest to the big screen TV.  He
shoved Sandra into a chair, and then sat down as well.  He called out, "Eva, put
the show on."  The sixtyish looking woman behind the bar smiled meanly, and went
to the VCR next to the TV, and inserted a tape. 

     The TV came on, as everyone, including Sharkey's two whores, came over to
see what this was all about.  Only Joshua, Sharkey and Anthony had already seen
the video.

     Sandra gasped as she recognized the scene.  It had begun filming at the
beginning of her rape at the hands of Joshua's friends.  She was laying face up
on Ray, who had his cock in her ass.  Lawrence's cock was in her cunt, and the
fat Rashid was squatting over her face feeding his cock into her mouth. She had
her arms outstretched,  and was jerking the cocks of Charles and James.

      There was stunned silence in the bar, as everyone realized what they were
watching.  Even this group was taken aback by the shocking lewdness of the
action, as they watched the white woman with black cocks in every orifice, and
Ray's hands squeezing her large white tits. Someone pointed out the hand jobs
she was performing, and there was admiration for her ability to service five
cocks simultaneously.

     There was laughter, hooting and cat-calls.  They intensified as the video
continued.

     Sandra eyes started to leak tears down her cheeks as she watched herself on
screen, among this group of strangers also watching and enjoying her defilement. 
She looked over at Joshua, standing a few feet away.  His eyes were on her,
wanting to see her reaction to the tape.  As their eyes met, he leaned forward. 
"You look very sexy up there," and smiled.  She stared back at him.  Anthony
grabbed her arm with enough force that it brought a gasp of pain from her.

     "Watch this, bitch.  You look real fine up there.  We watching so we know
just what kind of lady you are.  We want to treat you right, the way you
deserve."

     Sandra looked at his mocking smile, and turned back to the screen, watching
with the others.  There were constant comments now, including some from
Sharkey's hookers.  Everyone had running comments to make, but the general tenor
of them was obvious, and pretty much universal.  They felt that Sandra was a
fine white bitch, who did indeed lust for "the dark."

     The audience was intensely captivated by various highlights of the action:



     The laughable Rashid, ordering Sandra to lick and suck his cock, before
shoving it in her mouth;

     Lawrence spreading Sandra's legs far apart, affording everyone an
excitingly obscene view of the double penetration of Lawrence and Ray;

     Rashid dripping white cum on Sandra's mouth, and Sandra licking it off:

     Sandra moaning like a slut, when Charles and James tease her by almost
withdrawing their cocks from her;

     Sandra's animal howl of lust, when Rashid jams his finger into her asshole;

     Sandra squeezing cum out of James' spent cock, and sucking it into her
mouth;

     Sandra pleading with Rashid for permission to put her tongue in his
asshole;

     Sandra begging Lawrence to fuck her in the ass;

     Sandra beginning to cry, when Lawrence told her he might not fuck her in
the ass;

     Sandra masturbating herself to orgasm, as Lawrence ass fucked her;

     Sandra thanking Lawrence for fucking her in the ass.

     She was shocked herself, as she watched the action.  It had all blurred in
her mind at the time, as the hands and mouths and cocks all did their thing with
her for several hours.  Not forgetting, also, what her hands and mouth did to
their cocks and assholes.   It was an incredible display, Sandra admitted to
herself.  All these people watching would have no reason to believe there should
be anything forbidden, regarding the uses of her body. Sandra remembered how she
had wanted to demean and degrade herself, for Joshua's benefit.  She truly
hadn't understood the extent to which she had succeeded.  The display she was
watching was the epitome of sick, uncontrolled obscenity and perversion.  That
was her up there.  Sandra felt her naked pussy begin to get wet as she watched
herself.

     These men were not going to hesitate in anything they wanted to do with
her, or in anything they would demand of her.  There was no reason they should,
she admitted to herself.

     When the tape ended, there was deathly quiet.  Everyone turned to look at
the star of the filmed performance, sitting in her black dress, looking
beautiful and desirable.  And now, they also understood, someone with whom there
were no rules needing to be obeyed.  There was an air of unbearable anticipation
and excitement in the room.  Sandra imagined that she could actually smell the
scent of male lust in the air.

     "Turn the lights up," Anthony shouted to Eva.  They had been turned down to
increase the clarity of the images on the TV screen.  Eva turned the lights on. 
They now seemed almost painfully bright.

     Anthony stood up, and yanked Sandra up by the arm.  He took her over to the
pool table, and stood her facing the length of it, her back to the door area of
the room.   Anthony gestured, and Sharkey's two whores came over.  "Go ahead,"
he said tersely, and stepped back three or four feet.

     Everyone in the room drew up within a few feet of the three women.  The
whores were smiling at Sandra.  One was skinny, anorexic looking.  The other was
heavy, with thick arms, large buxom and strong, almost man-like hands. 

     "Bend over that table, bitch," the skinny one said in a high pitched voice. 
Sandra knew she had no choice but to obey every order anyone gave her tonight. 
She bent over the table, her pelvis pressed against the edge.  "Stretch those
arms out."  Sandra stretched her arms as far as they could reach, towards the
other end of the pool table.

     The fat whore had climbed up on the table, with the laughing help of a
couple of the gang members.  She kneeled down in front of Sandra's hands, and
grasped them with a strong, painful grip.  Everyone watched the momentarily
motionless tableaux.  Sandra heard the skinny whore moving behind her.  She then
felt her dress pulled up to her hips, exposing her naked ass.  The front of the
bottom half of the dress was pulled up above her pelvis, and held in place by
the pressure of her body against the edge of the table.

     There were gasps of excitement at the sight of the naked white ass.  Seeing
it on an amateur video tape wasn't anything like being a few feet away from the
real, and soon to be available, actual thing.

     Sandra heard an additional excited murmuring, wondering what was happening
when there was a sudden unbearable agony across her ass.  She screamed in shock
and pain.  She looked back over her shoulder, and saw the skinny whore standing
there with a pool stick in both hands and a cruel smile on her face. 

     Tears started streaming down Sandra's face.  She cried out to the entire
room, "Please, you don't have to do this, I'll do whatever you want." 

     The response came in the form of Anthony's mocking tones, "We know we don't
have to, bitch.  We want to."  His sadistic sarcasm was met with loud laughter.

     Before Sandra could plead again, the stick came down. It came down again
and again and again, till Sandra lost count.  The pain was inconceivably,
unimaginably agonizing.  She screamed incoherently, pleaded uselessly for mercy,
and sobbed hysterically, the tears continuing to stream down her face, smearing
her carefully applied makeup.  The evening was only just starting, and she
already looked much worse for the wear. 

     She was oblivious to the constant laughter and whoops which greeted each
slashing contact of the cue stick to her completely vulnerable ass.  Nor did she
know that the count of the slashing stick reached twelve, before Anthony pulled
the stick out of the whore's hands.

     The other whore let go of Sandra's hands, which Sandra didn't even realize,
through the blinding agony searing through the flesh of her buttocks.  She
remained in the same position, ass open to the room, hands outstretched upon the
pool table.  She continued to sob uncontrollably.

     "Joseph, Darrell, get her on her feet, " Rashid said to two of his men. 
They went over and pulled the sobbing Sandra to her feet.  Anthony smiled to
Sharkey's two whores, who had been excited and amused by their caning of the
white woman's ass.

     "Get that dress off of her."

     The two women pulled Sandra's dress off over her head, and threw it on the
floor.

     Sandra was now nude in front of her audience, except for her high heeled
shoes.

     "Anybody want to cop a feel before we get into the organized recreation, go
ahead," Anthony smiled.

     There was a rush of bodies to Sandra.  Hands began groping her everywhere:
tits, nipples, pussy, asshole, hands pushing each other out of the way in the
urgent need to touch the white woman's nude body.  Anthony let his men have
their fun for a few minutes, as the stunned Sandra stood there, hands limply at
her side.

     "That's enough.  Put her on the table, on her back."  Rough hands grasped
her, and positioned Sandra in the middle of the table.  She screamed once, as
her tortured ass hit the green felt covered pool table.  She lay there unmoving,
still dazed from the beating that had been administered to her.  Everyone, men
and women alike, gathered around the pool table for a close up view of the
enticing nude body in front of them. 

     "Spread them pale legs, " Anthony said.  Hands rushed to push her legs
apart.  She was now spread open to their leering gazes.  Hands reached out and
fondled her vulva.  Sandra was still wet from watching herself on the video.  As
black hands continued to reach in, fingers spread open the folds of her pussy. 
There were gasps and exclamations of delight at the lewd sight of her pink, wet
cunt. 

     "Ladies, go ahead and let's see if this bitch likes dark pussy as much as
she digs dark cock."

     Anthony signaled for the whores to do what he had previously instructed
them.  The fat one was again helped on to the table, and she kneeled down, her
large ass over Sandra's breasts. The other one stretched forward, placing her
head between Sandra's legs, at her pink pussy.  She started to stab her tongue
up and down Sandra's pussy, moving the pink clitoris with her fingers, while she
darted her tongue into the interior of Sandra's vagina.  The other whore leaned
her head down, and started to kiss Sandra.  Sandra opened her eyes, gradually
being brought out of her pain induced stupor from the licking of her cunt, and
by the mouth on her own.   The fat whore's  tongue suddenly forced its' way
between Sandra's lips, to begin a long and wet French kiss.

     Sandra was disgusted by the tongue which had forced its' way thickly into
her mouth.  At the same time, she felt the tingling of pleasure as the other
whore ate her pussy.  Despite herself, Sandra began to move her cunt in rhythm
to the licking and fingering it was receiving.  She was unable to avoid the kiss
of the other woman, who had both strong hands holding Sandra's head in a grip of
iron.  Sandra stopped fighting it.  She lay there accepting the rape, for that's
what it was, by the two women.  In addition to beginning to move her pelvis in
response, she began to suck and lick the invading tongue.  She began to moan, as
the two women took expert control over her body.  Sandra wasn't a lesbian, but
she suddenly realized that only a woman could truly know all the secret places,
passions and pleasures of another woman's body.

     The men were again laughing and cat-calling, as they watched the lesbian
rape of the white woman by two black whores. They were turned on and fascinated
by the perverted image.  They were especially excited by Sandra's obvious
response to the attack.  They had seen her as a slut in the video, and she was
now being a slut in their presence.   Male hands reached out to fondle the white
tits, and their pink nipples, adding to the multiple sensations the young woman
was being forced to endure, and to which she was responding in increasing
excitement.  Other hands now reached out from either side of the pool table to
pull each of Sandra's legs back as far as they would go. Sandra moaned loudly,
as she visualized the picture she now made in front of two dozen men, waiting
for their chance use and defile her.  She reached out and began squeezing the
huge tits of the whore Frenching her mouth. 

      The sight now presented to the observers was so lewdly vivid, that the men
would be unable to control themselves for very long. 

       The fat whore enjoyed the kiss she was forcing into Sandra's mouth, and
began to get excited herself, when Sandra changed from helpless victim to active
participant, as evidenced by her hands groping at the large tits of her
attacker.   Sandra began pulling on the dark nipples of the woman kissing her. 
The whore smiled, as Sandra continued to moan, and glanced into her attacker's
eyes.  They both understood that this was no longer lesbian rape, but lesbian
love.  The large whore suddenly repositioned herself astride Sandra's face, and
held the position for several moments.  She was sadistically showing her victim
the black pussy that was about to smother her face, giving her time to
anticipate the repugnant act.  Sandra surprised herself and the whore, however,
as she lifted her mouth to engage the gaping, hairy black cunt only inches from
her face.  Sandra began to lick her.  The whore began groaning and moaning
herself, and began to rapidly run her cunt back and forth over Sandra's face,
with the white woman vigorously tonguing her the entire time.  As the large
whore reached her peak of sexual intensity, so did Sandra, as the other whore
continued eating her pussy, with her professional tongue.

     At this moment the gang members saw something they could never have
anticipated: the whore astride Sandra was yelling out her climax, as she rubbed
her cunt back and forth over Sandra's face, and Sandra began bucking her pelvis,
trying to grind her cunt into the other whore's face.  They all heard Sandra's
muffled scream of gratification, even around the smothering cunt of her black
lover.

     Hands suddenly began pulling the two whores away from Sandra's body.  The
gang members had run out of patience, especially after being turned on by the
perverted lesbian performance.  They now wanted their chance at the vulnerable
and available and, apparently, very primed white pussy laid out in front of them
on the pool table.

     Sandra was still on her back, legs spread.  Her cunt was dripping with her
juices, from the attentions it had just received, and her nipples were pointing
up rigidly.  One of the gang members pulled Sandra's body back towards the end
of the table, and spread her legs even further apart, and pulled her legs up
over his broad shoulders.   Her pussy was now even with the edge of the table,
and the thug quickly rammed his cock inside.  The men laughed as Sandra screamed
out, as the huge member impaled her with brutal force.  At the same time,
another gang member had climbed up, sat astride her face, and shoved his cock
into Sandra's mouth, which was still dripping cunt juice from the fat whore. 
Both men were furiously pumping away into her.  Other hands reached up, and
began fondling her feet and toes.  As if from a great distance, Sandra felt one
man begin sucking on her large toe. 

     The two men with their cocks inside her loved the sense of power they had.  
Their black cocks were repeatedly penetrating Sandra's mouth and cunt, as she
lay there helplessly.  Having been intensely aroused by the video and then the
subsequent lesbian rape, both men quickly expelled their loads into their
respective orifices.  They removed themselves to make room for the next pair,
giving each other high fives. 

     The next two men pulled Sandra so that her feet were back on the floor.  
They bent her from the waist, face down, so her torso was over the pool table. 
One man got behind her, and took her from the rear, putting his hands under her
to grab her pendulous breasts.  He began squeezing and kneading them, and then
started pulling on her turgid nipples.  The other man was on his knees on the
table in front of her mouth, and pushed his cock inside, and began thrusting
away.  He pulled on her ears, bringing her face to meet his pumping cock, the
way he had seen Lawrence do it on the video.  Both these black cocks quickly
expelled their cum into Sandra's cunt and mouth.

     A parade of eager, ruthless black cocks continued to use her.  Pussy,
mouth, asshole, all three openings provided gratification to the succession of
men.  They took her one at a time, two at a time, even three at a time. They
took her from the rear, from the front, in every conceivable way a woman's body
can be used by men.   Their energy never flagged, due in part to the obscene
images burned in their minds:  Sandra as she performed on the video, Sandra
moaning and screaming in pleasure as she was serviced, and in turn serviced, the
two cheap whores, Sandra with the cunt juices of a whore smeared over her mouth
and chin. 

     These images were the source of the extra, merciless intensity with which
they pounded her body's openings.   To all this was added the extra spice of the
color of her skin, the pink tint of her pebbled aureolae, and her stiff,
protuberant nipples.  No one even momentarily forgot the vivid contrast between
the various dark shades of the penetrating cocks, as they appeared against the
white and pink palette of her nude body.  Her unceasing moans, of pleasure or
pain they didn't know, and didn't care, was a constant added goad to their
insatiable rut.  At some point a twin mattress had been produced, from somewhere
in another room in the building, and put on top of the pool table, adding to
their comfort, and the possibilities of additional positions and combinations of
participants. 

     And what of Sandra?  What thoughts, if any, what emotions were coursing
through her mind during this gang rape?  It was a gang rape - no matter that she
had consented to the contracted use of her body for the night. It was a gang
rape of such proportions that even those gang members who had participated in
gang rapes before, had never heard of one with this number of participants. 

     Sandra knew Joshua was watching the successive violations of her body. He
had orchestrated this, and he was now witness to this additional proof of his
complete power over her, the power to get her to willingly submit to unthinkable
degradation and defilement.  She was doing what Joshua wanted, and she thrilled
to that awareness with every brutal thrust of every black penis into her body. 
She loved it every time one of her attackers talked to her, in an attempt to
intensify her degradation.  Every one of them who forced her to suck his cock
seemed to have a need to say, "Suck that big black motherfucker, bitch, do it,"
or something equally demeaning.  And each time, Sandra thrilled that Joshua was
watching her submit to this.

     There hadn't been any sexual pleasure for her since the lesbian rape. 
These young men had no interest other than their own gratification, coupled with
their best efforts to reinforce her humiliation.  She was getting sore, of
course, but even that was surprisingly minimal.  She had been extravagantly
lubricated by her own juices, after being brought to orgasm by the two whores. 
These men had added their own copious lubricants, each time they emptied their
balls inside her.  No, her pleasure consisted only of the ongoing delight of
knowing Joshua was watching every perverted violation of her.  But that pleasure
was sufficient. 

     Sandra had no conception of these men as individuals, or who was doing what
to her.  She was unaware that their leader had only watched, as his men serviced
themselves at the open trough of her body.  Finally, after some twenty or so
rapes, Anthony decided it was his turn.

     He undressed completely, unlike his followers.  They had been content to
just lower their pants.

     Anthony's broad, squat body revealed itself to be thickly muscular, with
large biceps, tree-trunk like thighs, hard round buttocks, and a washer-board
abdomen.  His dark cock was of apparently average length for a black man, but
possessed an extravagant thickness. 

     He climbed up on the mattress.  Sandra lay there dazed, eyes closed,
waiting for the next in line to take his turn.  When nothing happened, she
opened her eyes, to see Anthony staring down at her.  Her body shifted
nervously, as she became aware of the cold intensity of his gaze.  She then
looked at his body, muscular and hard, a brutal quality to it, and felt a
beginning stirring between her legs.  

     "Touch my dick.  Touch it slow.  Tickle it.  Take your time, but don't stop
till I tell you."  He adjusted his position, kneeled by her head, his cock only
a few inches from her face.

     She gasped at the thickness of the richly dark organ, as she took it in
both hands.  She ran her fingers teasingly around the large head, rimming the
edge all the way around with the tips of her dark red fingernails.  He didn't
say anything or show any expression, but his member bobbed up in response to her
delicate touch.  She continued to tease his head with one hand, then began
running the other slowly up and down the length of his shaft.  She would briefly
cup the hairy balls, then tickle them lightly with her finger-tips, then move
the hand up and down the shaft again.  He watched her, no impatience evident on
his face.  Everyone was watching, as Sandra's focus on the black cock in her
hands was obvious to all.  Her hands and fingers seemed to be working on a
sculpture, her attention was so complete.   She traced the veined ridges on the
surface of his cock with her index finger, slowly, moving from one thick vein to
the next. 

     He loomed over her with such unmoving menace, that she wanted to get a
response from him, but to no avail except for pre-cum leaking through his piss
slit.  She had an urge to lick it, but he had told her exactly what he wanted
from her, and he hadn't said anything about her mouth.

     She looked up at him.  "May I lick it?" she asked with a slight tremor.

     "No.  Just keep playing with it.  Keep looking at it."

     Sandra felt a brief pang of disappointment, as she resumed the fingering
and fondling of the thick cock.  She kept it up for several minutes, as more
pre-cum leaked from his slit.  That stirring in the depths of her vagina was
continuing as she worked on him.  His self-control was frightening, as he seemed
able to endure a hand job that would have had any other man shoving it in any
available hole of hers within a minute or two.  Her pussy was beginning to
lubricate itself, as she realized she held in her hands the black cock of a man
with enormous control over himself, which meant he would have enormous control
over her as well. 

     "Stop," he suddenly said, a few minutes later.  Sandra continued her
caresses for a moment, and he grabbed her by the hair, and twisted her face to
look at him.  "I said stop." 

     She removed her hands.

     "Lay down.  Spread your legs.  Pull them up to you."

      Sandra did as he ordered, displaying herself to him, as well as to the
others, who had all gathered around.

     Anthony kneeled down between her legs.  He stared at her for a minute or
two.  During this time, as he only stared, not saying or doing anything, Sandra
began to get even wetter.  She knew everyone was standing there looking at her. 
She knew Anthony was getting an intense close up of her wet cunt.  She wondered
what was running through his mind, as he looked at the wet pink pussy in front
of him, helplessly vulnerable to anything he decided to do.  Her awareness of
her complete vulnerability turned her on.

     Anthony finally put his hands on her, spreading open the folds of her
labia.  Sandra jerked her ass under his hands, at the electric excitement of his
touch. She moaned, and began moving her ass.  His thick, blunt fingers explored
her with unexpected delicacy and precision.  He manipulated his fingers all
around the dripping labia, and the erect little nodule of her clitoris.  He
lightly and rapidly flicked his index finger across the clitoris, and Sandra
speeded up the movement of her pussy under his fingers.  Her moans were now a
continuous panting type of grunting.  She heard the murmurs and laughter of the
onlookers, as she responded to the efforts of their leader.  They loved watching
him make the white slut move and cry out under his sure, black fingers.

     Anthony had watched with contempt, as his men had taken their turns fucking
her.  All they had wanted was to ram their cocks as forcefully as they could, in
whatever hole they happened to be attacking.  But for Anthony, control over the
behavior of others had been second nature for several years. It was his raison
de tre.  He controlled his men not just  with an iron fist, not just through
fear, but by the constant manipulation of their desires, their anxieties, their
ambitions, and their need for approval.  When Sharkey had first shown him the
tape of Sandra's rape, and her incredible response to it, he knew the young
white woman would afford him a perfect opportunity to control her body and mind. 
Sharkey couldn't tell by looking at him, but Anthony had gotten intensely
excited when he saw how easy it would be to manipulate this Sandra, with her
apparently incredible hunger for black cock.  And now he had her under his
hands.  He luxuriated in the wild abandon of her grinding pussy against his
hands, and the panting, groaning, mewling sounds coming from her.  Sandra had
thrown her head back, and arched her back.  She was bouncing her torso in
response to his fingering, and her tits were flopping back and forth, in a lewd
dance.  He continued to flick her clitoris, and then he felt her beginning that
long female ascent towards sexual gratification - and he removed his hands from
her. 

     "No!  No, please, touch me, play with my cunt, please, please, please..."
Sandra was beside herself.  All the men were laughing at the sight of her
continuing to rotate and thrust her pussy, but with nothing to thrust it
against.  It was as if Anthony's masturbation of her had ignited a response in
her that was now running on automatic pilot.  She continued to move, and plead
with Anthony, but he simply kneeled there, hands now on his knees, watching his
victim's physical and vocal contortions.  She gradually ground to a halt.  She
was actually crying, still pleading with him to finish her.  Sandra could have
kept herself from crying, but she wanted to openly display her pitiful,
uncontrolled need for satisfaction.  She wanted all of them to see her naked
need, but mostly she wanted Joshua and Anthony to see it, to see it and enjoy it

     "Do you want some more?" Anthony softly asked

     "Yes, oh my god, yes, please, please touch me, I'll do anything, " Sandra
moaned, to more laughter from the onlookers.

     Anthony touched her asshole.

     "Oh, god, yes, thank you, please, thank you. "  Sandra actually squealed as
Anthony's thick finger pushed through her tight anus, and began to work its' way
around the interior of her rectum.  She continued to moan and move her ass, both
because it was a natural response to the invading finger, and to display again
her complete surrender to anything any of them wanted to do to her.  Sandra felt
like a slut, and she wanted them all to see that that was what she was in their
hands. She also wanted these rutting black men to feel superior to the white
slut they were fucking.

     With his other hand, Anthony went back to slowly rubbing Sandra's pussy. 
His fingers got wet.  He then put two of those thick fingers inside her vagina,
moving them around inside, to renewed thrusting and squealing from Sandra.
Anthony withdrew the fingers from her vagina.  Keeping his one finger working
inside her rectum, he took the two fingers that had just been buried deep in her
pussy, leaned forward and pushed them into her mouth.  She began hungrily
sucking her own juices off his fingers, to whoops and yells of lewd
accompaniment from Anthony's gang.  Anthony removed the fingers from Sandra's
mouth, and put one of them into her anus. He now took the finger that he had
removed from her anus and pushed it into her mouth.  She again began licking and
sucking, greedily enjoying the taste of herself on the black fingers.

     Anthony removed his finger from her mouth, and began teasing her pussy
again.  He opened the labia, and began lightly dragging a finger up and down her
open groove, over and over.  Sandra's moans and other love making noises came
faster and louder, and once again she began the build up to climax,
and...Anthony again removed his hands, from both cunt and asshole. 

     Sandra's mad gyrations continued, as she yelled at him and pleaded with
him.

     "You bastard, please, don't leave me like this please, I'll suck your cock,
I'll lick your asshole, please, please..." she sobbingly begged, continuing to
mover her ass, but more slowly now. 

     Everyone was enjoying this display of unbelievable sluttishness, as the
young white woman, just having been fucked at least twenty times, was begging
their leader to service her.

      Sandra lay there sobbing, still moving slowly.  Then, at first hesitantly,
she touched herself.  Her hands began to move more quickly on her pussy.  Her
sobbing began to slow down, and finally stopped.  The action of her fingers
became even quicker.  The laughter, the jokes, the lewd and cruel cat-calls
diminished into utter stillness, as all eyes watched her.  Sandra's panting
breaths started to come faster and louder.  She inserted two fingers into the
depths of her cunt, and briskly rubbed her clitoris between two other fingers. 
Some of the men were beginning to breathe loudly themselves now, while others,
including some who had already fucked Sandra, started to play with their own
cocks, as all eyes remained riveted on the image of the writhing, moaning, white
woman masturbating herself.  And, finally, she was there, as she frantically
rubbed her hand against her clitoris, and simultaneously kept plunging two
fingers in and out of her vagina, until she finally exploded into satisfaction,
with a long, undulating moan, which gradually died away.

     Harsh breathing was the only sound heard in the room.  Sandra continued to
touch herself, but slowly now, and gently.

     Anthony was still kneeling between her legs, with an enormous bobbing
erection. He had a smile on his face. 

     He crawled around behind Sandra.  He pulled her up into a sitting position.
With sudden, shocking strength, biceps and triceps looking like small boulders
under the ebony sheen of his skin, he lifted her up from under her arms.  He
positioned her precisely over his aching cock, and held her in mid-air for a
long moment.   Finally he planted her down on his cock.  She slid slowly over
the cock, sheathing it in her tight and moist interior.  She slid all the way
down to the base of his thick shaft. 

     Anthony reached around her, and cupped her breasts in his hands.  He began
gently tweaking her nipples, while still rubbing his hands over her.  Sandra was
beginning to groan again.  She spread her legs wide apart, deliberately giving
the onlookers a beaver shot, which displayed Anthony's penis buried in her
asshole. He  began to thrust his cock up and down within its' encasing sheath. 
Anthony's breath finally began to show some strain, which quickened even
further, as Sandra placed her left hand on his cock, up to where it entered her,
and began to move it down to his balls, and then back up again.  With her right
hand, she began to rub her pussy again.  Both Sandra and Anthony began to
breathe with even greater difficulty, as he increased the tempo of his pumping
action.  It only took a few more thrusts into her, and Anthony exploded
violently into Sandra's rectum.  Sandra rapidly rubbed his balls until Anthony
started to slow his pumping cock, and then Sandra started moving up and down it
rapidly as she continued to rub his balls.  She cried out her orgasm, finally
slowing down and stopping.  She sat on the remains of the erection in her.  She
surprised everyone, as she put her arms around her, and in back of the man she
had just fucked.  He surprised everyone, as he continued to knead and rub her
breasts.

     Anthony had accomplished what he wanted with her.  He had teased her to a
state of fevered sexual excitement, and then teasingly withheld satisfaction. 
He had reduced her, first to pleading for his services, then excited her again,
and once more reduced to her to begging him for completion.  He had manipulated
her into masturbating herself to completion in front of an enthralled audience. 
Then he took his own pleasure, with Sandra actively helping him do so. 

     Anthony moved Sandra off him.  He climbed down from the pool table.  He
didn't look at Sandra.

     "Who's next?"




Epilogue:



     After, they returned to Sandra's place.

     They were in bed, following the longest shower she had ever taken.

     Joshua's left arm was around her shoulder, and she was snuggled up to his
chest.  She ran her fingers lightly and caressingly over his chest.  They were
both silent, both preoccupied with their separate thoughts.

     Sandra was physically exhausted, all reserves of energy totally depleted. 
More even than the purely physical resources she had had to draw upon, her mind
and emotions had been drained by the seemingly insatiable reservoir of sexual
sensations her body had responded with.  Those sexual responses, that uniquely
female sensation where the physical and the emotional are inextricably
intertwined, had been inexorably and repeatedly demanded from her after Anthony
had subjugated her mind and emotions, as well as her body.  Anthony the gang
leader, had once again led his people, this time to an understanding of how to
truly dominate the white woman at their disposal.  The thrill of watching her
reduced to pleading and begging for release, had resulted in a different type of
rape from what had gone on earlier.  Oh, some of them had been superficially
turned on by Anthony's display of control, and were content to just fuck her
again (which they did, with renewed energy). 

     Some of the gang members, however, were sexually reinvigorated emotionally,
as well as physically.  They wanted to reduce the beautiful young woman to the
pitiful spectacle they had watched Anthony create.  While none of them had
precisely duplicated Anthony's spectacular success, a number of them had toyed
with Sandra's body with enough success to have her pleading with them to
complete her satisfaction.  Sandra had been repeatedly brought to the peak of
sexual intensity, and then brought to moaning or screaming satisfaction.  Those
who had followed Anthony's example in this way, felt a sense of domination over
Sandra, which those who only fucked her couldn't begin to conceive. Joshua lay
there feeling in command.   He pictured again in his mind the succession of
black cocks, and the way they had fucked his woman.  This was how he thought of
her now, as his woman.  His, due to her proven willingness to do anything he
wanted.  His because she would willingly submit to any request he might make,
regardless of how degrading.  And his because she went beyond willingness to
submit to him, she did so freely, in complete and abject surrender.  Her
surrender was total, no qualifications, no conditions.  This beautiful, proud,
confident college professor had whored for him.  She had been a gang slut for
him.  She had surrendered to him when he took her against her will, and then he
had transformed her will into his tool, to use for his emotional as well as
sexual gratification.

     A small smile of contentment touched the corners of his mouth, as he
contemplated the future.  The challenge for him now was one of imagination. 
Sandra's humiliation and degradation had been the spark which ignited their
relationship.  That same humiliation and degradation would be the fuel that
would continue to nourish it.  But how? 

     He remembered her distaste for Rashid.  Maybe he could give her to Rashid
for a week - or a month.  He remembered Sharkey's two whores, and how against
her own will, Sandra had responded to the lesbian rape.  Perhaps he could "rent"
her to some hardcore lesbians for awhile.  There were ghetto high school kids
who would love to have a beautiful white woman service their inexperienced
lusts.  Joshua recalled an area under a bridge not far from Eva's Place, a place
where the local homeless drunks and addicts slept.  They needed love too, he
smiled to himself.  Maybe all these possibilities , maybe none of them, maybe
different ones.  The possibilities were limited only by the constraints of his
imagination. 

     Joshua smiled in the overflow of his fulfillment.

      Sandra was cuddling to the man who had arranged the incredible gang-bang. 
She had a swirl of different thoughts and emotions coursing through her now.  
She had submitted to the experience to satisfy her need to surrender to any
demand Joshua made of her.  She wanted to pleasure her man, her master - and now
she considered these roles inseparable - and she was confident she had done so. 
She had wanted to display to Joshua the depth of her newly discovered sexuality,
and she knew that she had accomplished this, too.  She wanted Joshua to see that
she would demean herself, and do so with energy and commitment, because he
desired it.  She had done all these things for this man.  She would continue to
do these things, and anything else demanded of her, for this man. 

     She smiled to herself as she felt a warm flush of utter contentment, as she
realized something which Joshua would never understand.  Sandra could, and
would, continue to subjugate herself to his domination, to his utter masculine
will.  But she would only be able to do so because she had the feminine will and
strength to do so.  Joshua saw her surrender as weakness.  He would never
understand the enormous strength and courage, the pure will, necessary to
achieve such total surrender.  And she would never teach him that particular
lesson.

     Sandra drifted off to that nebulous transition between wakefulness and
sleep, as a sigh softly escaped her lips...




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Mike B


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





