BDSM Library - Ho!




Ho!
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: 'Tis the night before Christmas, and Santa discovers a present under the tree... a fun fantasy.
Ho!

A Christmas Tale

Copyright 1999 writerfox@fastmail.ca



"THERE ARE TIMES when I hate this job," Santa said as he scraped a lump of
reindeer crap from the sole of his boot. He sniffed the air. "Donner, Blitzen,
what the fuck have you guys been eating?"

The two reindeer merely looked back over their shoulders at the red suited
figure, and blinked impassively.

Pondering giving up his vegetarian habits and sitting down to a feast of venison
stew, and planning how he would make out with only six reindeer, Santa hefted
his sack from the back of the sleigh. He turned in direction of the building's
chimney. Placing a finger against his nose and with a nod and a wink, he flew
down the chimney.

Magically, for there is nothing more magical than Santa Claus, the jolly old elf
materialized in the living rooms of the various apartments in the building. He
placed gifts from his sack beneath each tree, filled stockings hung with care,
ate cookies and gulped glasses of warm milk before moving on to his next stop.

It was apartment 1108 that gave him pause.

The tree, artificial and smallish, was nicely decorated with ribbons and bells
and the usual doodads. He noticed the whole apartment was quite feminine.
Scanning the living room in search of stockings and the requisite plate of
cookies, he saw that only one stocking was evident. Santa then sighted aplate on
an end table. He smiled to see placed beside the plate, a bottle of wine
chilling in a cooler and single glass.

There were no cookies, just a piece of paper, folded once.

"Dear Santa," it read in a flowing feminine script. "I thought you might be
tired of cookies and milk, so I left you something more elegant to refresh your
thirst. I hope the wine is to your liking.

"There is something else, too, dear Santa," the note continued. "Something
naughty but nice is under the tree. I hope you enjoy it. Merry Christmas."

The note was unsigned.

A smile crept across his face as he read the note. He stroked his beard, then
picked up the wine.

"Very nice," he said as he commanded the cork to pop from the bottle. He poured
himself a glass, sniffed and sipped. "Yes, very nice. Let's see what's
naughty-but-nice under the tree."

Carrying the bottle in one hand, the glass in the other, Santa crossed to the
corner where the tree blazed with multi-coloured lights. He noticed a large
bulky object covered in wrapping paper in the corner, almost behind the tree.

The package moved.

"What's this?" Santa asked out loud. Reaching forward, he grabbed a corner of
the funny shaped bundle. The brightly coloured paper tore. A slender human foot
poked through the rip.

"mmmpphh!" came a sound from the other end of the bundle.

"Ho, HO!" Santa exclaimed. He ripped open the wrapping in a spot where he
thought he might find another foot.

He did.

Santa noticed that a leather cuff fastened about this ankle was attached to what
looked like a wooden bar. He quickly removed some more of the wrapping paper
near the other foot, confirming that indeed, a wooden bar connected but
separated two nicely turned ankles.

Grasping an ankle in each hand, he pulled the bundle out from under the tree to
get a better look. The dragging wrung another moan, this one high pitched, from
the other end of the bundle.

Santa stepped back and poured himself another glass of wine. Much of the
wrapping paper had torn when he dragged the bundle from beneath the tree. The
creamy white flesh of a woman was evident through the rips and tears.

"Well, well," he said to himself. Santa put the glass down and began to rip away
the remaining wrapping paper. In seconds a slender human form was revealed.

She was hogtied in a very strict position. A spreader bar at her ankles kept her
legs wide apart. Her arms had been tied at wrists and elbows. A single glove
covered her hands; it in turn had been tied to a ring in the centre of the bar.

She was decorated in transparent white lingerie, discreetly revealing all her
charms. Santa licked his lips as he admired her firm rounded ass, and the way
the strands of rope had been tied to torment her crotch. He couldn't help
himself. That ass was just too inviting! Crouching down, he ran his hand over
the left globe of pale flesh. It quivered delightfully beneath his hand.
Impishly, Santa tugged on the crotch rope just above the place where it
disappeared between her cheeks.

He smiled to hear the young woman moan and groan.

"Ho, ho ho!" he said, self-satisfaction filling his voice.

Santa straightened and unbuckled the broad black leather belt that passed around
the outside of his red suit. He unbuttoned his jacket, and placed it on a nearby
chair. For Santa, like all things magical, was not as he appeared.

The suit was a ruse, a prop, designed to convey a particular image. In truth,
Santa was not a jolly old elf. Yes, jolly, and definitely old, but certainly not
an elf, unless you count an Olympian weightlifter as an elf.

Santa without his suit was six feet tall, and built like a professional athlete.
Covered with white curly hair, his chest measured a respectable 44 inches,
nicely toned and shaped. He had the well-developed arms of an athlete and the
washboard abs of a man in very good condition.

With the long practice of someone accustomed to lifting dead weights, Santa
picked the girl up in his arms and carried her off to the bedroom.

He smiled. She was light in his arms and smelled of cookies.

"Yummy," he thought.

He placed her face down on the bed. He didn't take his eyes off her delightfully
rounded ass as he unzipped his pants. Realizing he was still wearing his black
leather boots, Santa sat on the edge of the bed and with a sigh, pulled off his
footwear. He glared to see a small lump of reindeer manure adhering to the sole
of his boot.

"Fucking reindeer," he muttered.

When he stood again, his bright red pants slipped to the floor.

Now naked as a spruce tree without lights, bulbs and garland, Santa admired his
"gift".

The girl moaned again as the bed moved beneath his weight. Hearing her noises,
Santa thought about it for a moment, but decided he would leave the bright red
rubber ball in her mouth. For now, anyway.

Placing his head under the bar spreading her ankles, Santa crouched between her
upraised legs. He slid his hands beneath her body until the softness of breasts
filled his palms. Her nipples betrayed her excitement; they pressed hard into
his hands. Leaning forward, Santa ran his tongue up and down the left buttock.

She moaned and wiggled. He sighed and squeezed her breasts. She wiggled some
more.

And cried out when he bit her ass.

"Yummy," Santa said. He ran his tongue up the cleft between those two rounded
spheres that he so much enjoyed. He tasted a mixture of salt, sweat, hormones,
excrement, and cotton. He lowered his face and tongued the slit between her
legs. Whoever had bound her had planned well, for the ropes pinched her labia so
that they protruded, making it easy for his tongue.

Raising his head, Santa sighed. "So much better than cookies!"

He dribbled wine across her butt, watching as it ran down the sides to the
bedspread. He began to lap the liquid where it coated her flesh. She jerked and
writhed at his touch, which inflamed him more.

He released her breast from his right hand.

Slap! Slap! Slap!

Turning on his side, he began to spank her, the skin glowing pinker and hotter
with each slap. He poured more wine on her butt and again, lapped it off.

"Delicious", he said to her. Her ass was bright red.

Santa backed out from between her legs. He picked her up in his arms, and placed
her back on the bed, face up.

She writhed in a most enticing manner as she tried to make herself comfortable.
Tied the way she was, it was not easy. Santa sipped from the wineglass and
pondered what to do next. When she stopped moving, he dribbled the wine across
her breasts and down her belly.

He stopped at her navel, bent his head, then began lapping the wine. The white
lace bra and panties which had looked so enticing were in the way.

Being a man of action - he accomplishes much and does it all in a single night -
Santa pried a small hole in the fabric. Then, with a mighty r-r-r-r-ippp! he
split the lace coverings to reveal tender womanflesh.

Santa pressed his face back down into the girl's helpless flesh. He paid special
attention to the pool of wine that had collected in her navel. The tickling of
his long white beard made her bounce and wiggle. He liked that.

Her moaning and grunting behind her gag drew his attention. Santa climbed up on
the bed between the girl's splayed legs and looked down on her face.

"Well my pretty one," he said, "Have you been naughty or nice?"

She grunted "nNNN-Neeee" behind the red rubber ball.

"Naughty is it? Well, I have just the thing for naughty girls."

He passed his hands back and forth above her face. The leather straps to the
ballgag unbuckled themselves, and with a pop! the ball flew from her mouth. She
flexed her jaws, spit and drool over her chin.

"Thank you", she whispered.

"Oh no, don't thank me," Santa jovially replied. "Not yet, anyway!"

He sat on her chest and directed his rigid cock at her mouth.

"Say ahhh," he said, pressing his very large member against her lips.

"Ahh-ooOOOOHHHH!!!" She took his member into her mouth. To her amazement, he was
much, much bigger than she thought. "This guy is huge!" she thought as she
wrapped her lips around his erection. For indeed, Santa was bigger than anything
she had ever experienced before: so large, she could even feel his pulse beat in
the vein running the length of his mighty staff.

Reaching down, Santa cradled her head in his hands. Quick as a wink, he touched
his finger to his nose. His body gently floated in the air, exposing her
breasts. His cock in her mouth served as a tether to keep him grounded.

Gently he began rocking her to and fro on his lovespear. He grew ever harder
with each thrust. She moaned and gagged at the size of him as Santa pumped her
head faster and faster until she thought her neck would break. She was sure she
could feel him touch her tonsils.

Santa could feel the old familiar pressure building. He touched his nose again,
and floated back down to sit across her chest.

"Ho ho ho!" he laughed. "I can slow the passage of time, but not even I can slow
the passage of sperm!"

With regret, he pulled himself from her mouth. She smacked her lips, flexing her
sore jaw once again.

Smiling, Santa waved his hands over her heaving abdomen. The ends of the white
cotton rope knotted at her waist, began to dance. As fast as you could say
"'t'was the night before Christmas", the knot was unravelled and the cotton
crotch rope was sliding away from her body.

Santa backed down the bed. He kissed, nibbled and licked the girl's creamy flesh
as he travelled south.

Her pubes were clean-shaven. He liked that. He paid special attention to the
smooth skin, using his tongue, lips and teeth in ways that only someone with a
thousand years of practice could do.

The girl moaned and gasped as Santa pleasured her. She had three orgasms before
he lifted his head. With a single thrust, he slid his swollen cock into the wet
hot flesh between her legs.

She screamed to be filled so much, so fast, so powerfully.

The sound of reindeer stomping their hooves on the roof caught his attention.

"All right already," he muttered.

Santa waved his hands, and the ballgag flew back to her mouth. With a sigh, she
opened wide. The gag popped back into her mouth, nestling itself comfortably
while the straps buckled themselves back in place.

She continued to scream and shout, the red rubber ball muffling her love noises.

The jolly old elf pumped his hips, varying his thrusts in depth and tempo.

"Ho!" he said as he felt his climax build.

"Ho!" he exclaimed to feel his muscles tense as his cock grew even larger, more
rigid.

"HO!" he exploded his seed into her.

She screamed as her fourth and most intense orgasm blasted through her. She
could swear she felt his sperm hit the back of her uvula.

After several more mighty thrusts, Santa slowed, then stopped. He lay across her
heaving body for a few seconds, then planted a kiss on her forehead.

"Sleep now," he whispered," for this will be nothing more than a vision of a
sugarplum which dances through your head."

He waved his hands. Her bonds all fell off her and disappeared to their various
hiding places. The white bra and panties molded themselves once more to her
body, with no evidence that they had ever been asunder. She began to snore as
she slept.

Santa dressed himself and prepared to return to work. He looked back over his
shoulder at the sleeping beauty on the bed. He smiled to see her smiling in her
sleep.

Then, with a touch of his finger to his nose, his bag flew back into his arms
and up the chimney he rose.

Comet and Cupid stamped their feet impatiently as the jolly old elf reappeared
by the sleigh.

"Well that was a pleasant break," he chortled. "Now boys, let's get back to
work!" Santa pulled on the reins and the sleigh flew off into the crisp night
sky.





Several very busy hours later, Santa 's work was done. He looked forward to his
beautiful wife and a cup of steaming hot cocoa.

"Yes, a marshmallow or two slowly melting would be very nice," he thought to
himself.

Mrs. Claus, her face beaming, greeted him at the North Pole.

"You look tired, dear," she said. "Go, sit by the fire, and I'll tend to the
reindeer. Then I'll bring you your cocoa."

Santa kissed his wife chastely on the cheek, said thank you, and headed into the
house.

He was comfortably ensconced in his easy chair, reading his newspaper when Mrs.
Claus entered. She was carrying a huge steaming cup of frothy hot chocolate.

"I've put something special in it for you," she said smiling sweetly.

Santa beamed his pleasure to see several puffy marshmallows bobbing like
icebergs in the cup.

"Ahhh!" he sighed in pleasure as the frothy stuff trickled down his throat. It
didn't take him long to finish the cup.

"And how was your day?" Mrs. Claus asked as her man relaxed.

Santa was surprised to find himself yawning. "My day was just fine, dear," he
replied. "The usual stuff, cookies and milk, nothing out of the ordinary." He
felt so tired suddenly!

He thought, "What had she, could she have put something in his cocoa?" Then he
thought, "No-o-," and tumbled into darkness.

Mrs. Claus quietly rose from her rocking chair. She took the empty mug and
headed into the kitchen.



He felt all stiff when he awoke. He was disoriented too, for although the room
was dark, it just didn't feel right. His jaw was sore and he felt like he was
standing up. Even stranger, he could smell straw, and reindeer, too.

A very bright spotlight suddenly pierced the darkness. Shining in his face, it
blinded him. Santa went to cover his eyes, but his arms wouldn't move. He tried
to move his arms again, and realized he was chained quite securely. He wiggled
his legs and found that they too were not going anywhere. He realized, in fact,
that his legs were spread very far apart, to the point of being uncomfortable.
He also realized he was standing on the balls of his feet.

"Uh oh," was his first clear thought.

"So you're awake. Good."

Mrs. Claus' voice rang out like a big bell on Christmas Eve. She stepped out of
the darkness.

Like Santa, Mrs. Claus was not what she seemed. Her hair was indeed the
whiteness of the northern snows, her cheeks rounded and pink, but that's where
it ended. She was trim, with the long lean muscles of a woman who works out on a
daily basis. The red latex catsuit fit her like a glove. It rippled with every
breath she took. The ermine trim at the neck and wrists made her look feminine
yet invincible. With her stiletto-heeled boots, she was an intimidating figure.

But it was the whip, long red braided leather, in her right hand, that caught
Santa's attention.

The snort of a reindeer caused Santa to realize he was tied up in one of the
stalls in the barn.

"Uh oh," was his next thought.

His wife stood close, very very close. She squeezed his cock and balls with a
gloved hand.

"So tell me, have YOU been naughty? Or nice, hmmm?" she asked, staring in his
eyes.

Santa tried to say "Nice" but the red rubber ball which filled his mouth to
capacity wouldn't let him.

"Doesn't matter," said Mrs. Claus, turning on her heel. Santa couldn't help
himself. He admired her ass, so beautifully outlined in the tight red leather.
His cock gave a twinge and began to rise.

"Oops, can't have that," she said when she spied his growing erection. She
snapped her fingers and in a flash, two tiny female elves darted out of the
darkness. They giggled with glee as they tied Santa's cock and balls into a red
leather harness, then pointing it toward the ground, tied the whole thing to a
ring in the centre of the spreader bar.

Finished, still giggling, the elves ran over to Mrs. Claus.

Her eyes hardened as she glared at her bound husband. She raised the whip.

"I know all about your little escapades tonight," she hissed. The whip flashed
through the air, red leather strands leaving nasty red welts on Santa's chest.
He jerked and moaned in pain and surprise. The whip struck again. Then again.

Mrs. Claus stepped closer and flicked the whip lightly against his now captive
and stretched genitalia.

"Let's see, there was the blonde in Peoria," - a flick of the whip - "the
redhead in Calgary" - another flick - "and the twins in Long Beach" - yet
another, harder flick.

Santa groaned in pain, his lower abdomen doing flip flops with each touch of the
leather.

"And then there was Miss Suite Eleven-oh-eight", growled Mrs. Claus.

She stepped back and raised her arm. She snapped it forward like a snake
striking its prey. The leather strands hissed as they flew through the air.

"Blitzen told me about THAT one," she hissed between gritted teeth.

THWACK! sang the whip.

Santa yowled in pain as the whip struck home across his right thigh, cock and
balls.

"You!"

THWACK!

"Old!"

THWACK!

"LETCH!"

THWACK!

Mrs. Claus disappeared from his sight. Then he felt the whip flay across his ass
and back.

"We've got 364 more days - THWACK! THWACK! - until you have to go back to work,"
came a very angry voice from behind him. "So I hope you weren't planning on a
long winter's nap!"

THWACK!

"Merry!"

THWACK!

"Fucking!"

THWACK!

"Christmas!

"THWACK!"

Santa knew his ass would soon be glowing as red as his suit.

"Fucking reindeer," he mumbled.



"And I heard him exclaim

as he rose out of sight,

Merry Christmas to all,

and to all a Good Night!"





The End




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Fox


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





