BDSM Library - The Torturer's Apprentice




The Torturer's Apprentice
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This is a historical story of how the master torturer educates his apprentice and how skills develop. Anne Askew was a real person and some of the details are real, including the end.
The Torturer's Apprentice

Part 1

They tried their utmost, but failed

Anne Askew looked out of the window from the room high in the tower of London.
It was a lovely summer's day. The trees were bright green and flowers were in
full bloom. On the neatly kept lawn a few black ravens were stalking around,
searching for morsels. "How nice it would be to be free like them and enjoy the
sun", she thought. She was a pretty 19-year-old woman with strong religious
beliefs. "Why did the king, Henry VIII, have to quarrel with Rome and change his
faith?", she wondered. This was the reason why she was locked up here. They said
they were going to start her interrogation today, but it was already early
afternoon. They did not bring her any food or water. What were they planning?
Were they going to ask more questions about her religion, or were they going to
hurt her, she wondered. Would they really do something bad for just being a good
Christian? "Surely not", she thought and felt more relaxed.

Around four o'clock she heard keys rattling in the door. With a creak the heavy
door swung open. Two big men stood in the doorway. "Anne Askew?", one asked,
"You are to come with us and answer questions about your heretic beliefs."

"No, no", she cried, "I'm not a heretic, just a good Christian. Really!  Please
believe me and let me go."

They each grabbed an arm and dragged her to the door. She struggled violently to
free herself. This gave the older man with the beard the excuse of grabbing and
squeezing her in places where a gentleman should not touch a lady. Both arms
went around her, hugging her tight. She squealed when fingers groped in
sensitive areas.

"We have many ways of making you tell the truth and we shall soon find out",
said the man with the beard. He chuckled by himself by the thought of how he
would force such a pretty girl to tell anything he wanted to hear. He was
allowed to use all methods to his disposal. Nothing was too severe.  As a
prisoner, she no longer had any rights of her own. He would make her confess,
make her plead, and cry, and scream and writhe in agony. The thought of her
pretty body squirming and jerking made his penis swell and rise, but he pressed
himself firmly against her body as he held her, so that the other guard would
not notice this. Whether she felt his erect penis against her thight did not
really matter. He could do anything to her.

"I've got her, John, lets go. You can just open the doors for me."

The older man with the beard, William, half dragged, half carried her down one
flight of stairs and John knocked on a door. They entered a large room.

"This won't be too bad after all", she thought. "We didn't go down to the
dungeons. They will only ask me some questions over here and then hopefully let
me go."

Five men were sitting behind a large desk. One wore a lieutenant's uniform. The
officials were surprised to see how pretty she was and one or two of them
blushed slightly when they thought of what they were going to do to her. The
guards John and William held her from both sides, as they stood in front of the
desk.

The lieutenant coughed and said: "Anne Askew, you are accused of being a heretic
and also of corrupting the minds of young people. Our spies saw you lecturing to
a group of 20 or 30 young women in the park. We want you to give us all theirs
names, every one of them. You were forming a conspiracy. We are going to get to
the bottom of this, no matter what."

"No, please", she answered, "it was only a church outing and we were only
enjoying ourselves."

"Our spies saw you. The lieutenant spoke with a gruff voice. "The girls were
sitting on the grass and you were standing in front of them, lecturing to them.
You are going to provide us with all their names and we are going to write them
down. We intend to question them all."

"No, never, they are innocent and I shall not name them", she cried.

"Then we shall waste no further time in asking you politely", the lieutenant
growled. "Guards, put the lady on the BED. And you, Anne, take off your dress,
now!"

"Please, my lords, not that", and she blushed deeply. "The servant girls have
taken my soiled underclothes to be washed. And they shaved all my privy hairs to
make certain that I do not carry any lice. Please, please, sirs, no man has ever
seen me without clothes. I shall die from shame.

The older guard, William, lashed out and struck her across her breasts with the
back of his lower arm. "You do as you are told. I'm certain many suitors have
entered the portals of your womanhood. Do not pretend that no man has looked at
your body."

"Owwww, that hurt" , she sobbed. Her breasts were still tender and swollen after
her last period. This was the reason for her soiled underclothes. The maids did
not bring her any replacement garments and she was now naked under her dress.

"Now off with your dress!" Reluctantly she let it fall on the floor and stood
naked in front of the officials. They sat staring at her for some time. The two
guards held her arms and prevented her from covering her intimate parts with her
hands. She really was very pretty, with such lovely firm young breasts. "Turn
her around." Her round buttocks and her pink flesh made the officials blush with
excitement. William allowed them some time to look at every part of her body, to
her utter embarrassment. She blushed deeper red when the guards lifted her legs
and pressed her knees against her shoulders, pointing her most intimate parts at
the officials. After ten minutes of staring  they had seen enough of her nether
areas and they ordered her to BED.

 The BED  stood at the window, covered with sheets.

William removed the sheets and Anne gasped in horror when she saw what was
hidden under them. The BED was a terrifying rack!.  Of all the designs that were
available  in the dungeon, this was William's favorite.  It was carried from the
dungeon and placed near the window, where there was plenty of light, so that the
officials could clearly see and enjoy the spectacle of song and movement.  A
wagon maker had made the rack especially on William's instructions. It was a
rectangle made of sturdy timbers, 12 feet long and 2 feet wide. The rectangle
stood on legs about waist high and it had narrow slats across the top, one foot
apart. When a person was stretched on the rack, his or her body would be exposed
and available for punishment from above aswell from below. The wagon maker had
fitted a wagon axle on one end, attached to a wagon wheel 3 feet in diameter. A
large handle was attached to the rim of the wheel, whereby the axle could be
turned. The wheel had serrations on the edge that formed part of a ratchet,
which prevented the wheel from turning back.

They placed her on her back, on the rack, with her feet away from the wheel.
William explained to John, who was still new at this, that you had to tie the
feet and hands very securely, because enormous force would be exerted on them.
It would be a bad show if the ropes slipped off. He showed John how to turn the
rough rope a couple of times around her ankle and then tie a slipknot. He
explained that the rope would slowly become tighter around her ankles as the
tension increased. "You know, John, the whole idea is to hurt her as much as
possible,  as much as she can endure and then many times more. As the rope cuts
deeper into her flesh, this will also contribute to the increase of her pain." 
He laughed at the expression of utter horror on Anne's face. He was starting to
feel the throbbing in his penis again. The agony of a pretty girl was something
that really excited him. He knew that  his excitement would soon increase a
great deal.

"Ouch, please, the ropes are hurting me. Please, not so tight. Please!.", cried
Anne. The officials burst out laughing. "What do you think you are here for?
Guards, pull the ropes tighter and let them bite."   She was near to hysteria
and tears were streaming down her face, as they tied her feet to the corners of
the rack. Without showing any pity, they tied her wrists in a similar manner to
the axle above her head. They then spun the wheel to take up the slack of the
ropes. The ratchet made a rattling sound and the timbers of the rack creaked as
the force increased. William then turned the wheel more slowly until she started
screaming. He left her stretched out like this and turned to the officials. "She
is ready and awaits your pleasure, my lords."

The officials stood up and came closer for a better look." Tell us all the names
of the girls. You must give us at least 30 names."

Anne groaned and shook her head. "No, no, no", she said , "I'm innocent. Please,
the ropes are hurting awfully. Please help!"  The constant pressure of the ropes
was slowly increasing her pain and she could not believe what was happening to
her. She had always been such a popular girl and everyone had always been nice
to her. Now this. "What could they possibly find wrong with my faith?", she
wondered.

One of the officials mentioned that it was customary to search a girl to see if
she was hiding any secret documents. He touched her genitals and said this was
the obvious place where she would hide something. Anne cried out in shock and
tried to squeeze her legs together, but could not move. She was extremely shy
and had never been so humiliated in her life. The man then widely parted her
labia and looked inside. Her legs were stretched out so taut that only a tremor
went through them and she gasped with embarrasment. "O, look", he said, "she is
still a virgin. We shall have to open her, to see if she is hiding something
deeper inside. She could have rolled up a letter and inserted it through the
small opening. Guards, bring a broomstick."

John came back with a broom. The official spat on the end of the stick to make
it slippery, but this did not work very well on the dry wood. He parted her
labia and pressed the stick against her hymen. He pushed, but it did not give.
"Like his, my Lord", said William and he grabbed the bottom end of the broom. He
made a couple of strong pumping movements. Anne screamed hysterically as the
stick went in. As she was completely helpless, she only shook her head from side
to side. The official withdrew the blood-covered broomstick and inserted some
fingers. After a thorough groping and long examination he declared her to be
clean. Just to make certain he stuck two fingers up her rectum and caused
additional pain with his big fingers, while he searched for Anne's secrets. Anne
pleaded and cried.  "The wench is full of filth", he declared, looking at his
fingers, "We shall not have any pity or mercy for such a dirty creature. Go
ahead guards and do you utmost."

William turned the wheel a couple of notches. The girl screamed and pleaded.
"Helllllpp, auuuuuw, pleeeaze."  The ropes were cutting deeper into her
extremities and her shoulder and elbow joints were pulling apart. Her ankles,
knees and hip joints were also burning like fire, although they were still
taking the strain.

"Give us the names."

William turned the wheel two more notches. The screams cut through the air and
the pitch increased. Her face was distorted with pain. Her body glistened with
sweat.

"Give us the names." Anne screamed and shook her head.

"Two more clicks, William."  With immense enjoyment he slowly turned the wheel.
He could not believe that she could scream even louder as her agony increased.
Above the noise that she made, he could hear something crack - was it bone or
the rupturing of ligaments ? He looked at the stretched naked body in front of
him. Unbelievable that she could endure so much without blurting out the names.
Perhaps her pain was so great that she could not talk, but could only scream.

"Two more"  Slowly William turned the wheel two notches further. Her body was
stretched so severely, that it became an effort to turn the wheel. He used more
force and this time definitely heard something else crack. All the joints of her
arms and legs were dislocated and started to discolor from internal  bleeding.
He thought: "Even if we stop her torture now, her pain is not going to go away."

"William, we need more persuasion. Leave her stretched like this and fetch the
HARE. Let it run really wild. The HARE will make her talk."

He fetched a metal roller with sharpened spikes. It looked like a modern paint
roller, about five inches wide and was full of half-inch long sharp spikes. It
was a fiendish device that could be rolled slowly or fast, and with any amount
of pressure, over the most sensitive areas and over the dislocated joints. Even
the slightest pressure on any of the joints now, would cause the most severy
suffering.

"William, try to hurt her as much as you can, we must hear the names.", said the
lieutenant.  William took the hare with both hands and with his body weight
behind it, he rolled it over her breasts, over and over again. Her screams
reverberated through the building. After ten minutes her breasts were a bloody
mess with thousands of holes in them and he moved the roller between her legs.
"John, we must provide her with more pain. Rub coarse salt into the wounds,
while I carry on in other areas. Rub it in well."He now continued rolling the
HARE over her genitals and pubic bone.

The officials were not happy with the results - no names yet. "Guards, stop,
this is not helping. Let her see the light with the CANDLES. She must talk."

Anne was still stretched to breaking point. All her joints, her breasts and her
vulva were causing indescribable agony. "Can it get any worse?", she thought
through a haze of agony. William brought the CANDLES. There were ten of them,
mounted close together on a plank. When they were all alight, he sat down under
the rack. "Look, John, you must do it right. You must hold the plank parallel to
the skin, with the tips of the flames just touching her. He then held the flames
between her shoulder blades and with a steady hand he kept them burning in the
same spot. After a second or two a shudder went through her body, dislocating
her joints even further. Smoke and the stench of burned flesh filled the room.
"John, when her screams grow fainter, it is time to move the plank to a new
area."

Slowly he moved the plank from area to area, down her body. The effect on her
was indescribable. He was an expert in keeping the anguish at a maximum. When
the flames were burning away at her buttocks, she lost complete control over her
bowels and bladder. William had to duck to avoid the shit running over him.
"See, I told you, she is a utterly filthy woman", said the official.

"I'll punish the place where that came from", replied William and held the
flames close to her openings. John looked worried. "Isn't this getting too
much?", he asked. William laughed. "You are still a softy, John. She will be
burnt at the stake soon. The flames will not miss any area of her body. Why, do
you think the pain from these puny candle could even closely compete with the
hell that she will suffer soon?"  He continued burning her.

William said: "What a pitty that we could not get any names from her. I was so 
looking forward to interrogating all of these girls."

The Lord Chancellor Thomas Wriothesley and Sir Richard Rich entered the room and
demanded to know whether they had extracted the names of her fellow sectarians.
They were disappointed with their failure and both of them decided to turn the
wheel themselves, which they did with all their force. Twice she fainted, but
still she revealed nothing. When she was nearly dead, the lieutenant insisted on
removing her from the rack. They left her lying on the floor.

There she lay alone on the cold floor for two hours. Nobody cared. All her
joints were hopelessly torn apart and were now grossly swollen and discolored.
She could not move her arms or legs and was never able to walk again. Her agony
continued through the night and sleep was impossible. The next day she was
carried strapped to a chair to Smithfield, where she was burnt at the stake. The
ultimate agony lasted half an hour as the fire slowly started to burn her feet
and then slowly spread higher, eventuallly consuming all of her. She never did
reveal any names. In spite of the most severe torture, the trail ended there.




The Torturer's Apprentice

Part 2

Belgian girl's folly

This is a true account of another Anne, Anne de Chantraine. Well, as with all
stories, the finer details are recounted with some degree of imagination, but
the outlines of the events are portrayed as they really happened.

Anne was a lively and happy young woman who lived and played in a small rustic
Belgian village with the name of Waret-la-Chausee. She was exceptionally pretty
and was popular with the other girls. Her imagination could sometimes run quite
wild. On many dreary evenings she entertained her friends in front of the
fireplace with her wonderful stories and fantasies.

Her best friend was Karen, the magistrate's daughter. One evening they were
sitting in Karen's home in front of a roaring fire. The rain was pouring down
and it was a typical miserable day in February of the year 1620. Karen's parents
were very pious Catholics and they did not approve of their daughter's
friendship with Anne. Especially Anne's fertile imagination and wild stories
made them suspicious.  This evening the parents were out and would return late.
The two young women were all by themselves.

Anne giggled and talked about boys. Her parents were very strict and never allow
her to meet any man. This evening the two girls dropped their inhibitions and
talked about a very taboo subject - sex. Karen had poured some of her father's
best wine and they began to feel lighthearted.

Anne asked: "Karen, have you ever slept with a man?  I myself have done so many
times and you should hear the tales that I could tell you about my encounters!" 

"No, you didn't", replied Karen with a quasi-shocked voice. "How could you have,
your parents never allowed you to go anywhere alone, except to visit me."

The rain and wind rattled at the small window frames. Anne moved closer to the
fire, took another sip of wine and with a smirk on her face, said: "You know, I
have these special powers and I can control men. I have very powerful magic
powers.  In the middle of the night, when my father had locked me in my room, I
spread my arms and close my eyes and then I fly away. I meet with an
extraordinary man. He has an enormous penis. I strip naked in front of him and
he takes me in all possible ways. It is the real heaven. When his big penis
throbs inside me, he consumes me in body and spirit. He is such a handsome
devil. When he takes me, I totally belong to him."

Karen frowned: "Do you copulate with him often?"

"Yes, I meet this handsome devil almost every night and we have the most
wonderful sex," replied Anne.

The magistrate's maid stood listening around the corner. She would have gone
home, but was waiting for the rain to stop. Her master was right; this woman
Anne was no good. She had sex with the devil and could fly! The maid realized
that she had to tell her master.

It was early in March 1620, when Anne was arrested on charges of witchcraft.
That afternoon she was brought before the magistrate. She could see from the
expression of hatred on his face that she could not expect any sympathy from
him.

"Anne, do you admit - that you have said - that you can fly and that - you have
had sex with the devil?" the magistrate growled.

"Yes, those were my words, but what I really meant was .." she blushed, but the
magistrate interrupted her before she could continue.

"Enough. Take her away, guards. Let the torturer apply all his skills to find
out the whole truth. This girl is a dirty harlot. They must not show any pity.
The devil will make her tell lies and they should not believe her when she
declares her innocence. They must gradually increase the tortures for as much as
she can endure and then even more."

She sobbed and cried and hung her head in shame. She thought what her father
would think if he found out of her strong sexual urges and dirty fantasies.
Normal god fearing women should not have them, she reasoned, and she should
suffer for her sins.

-----

The prison's old torturer and a young muscular German man were waiting in the
torture chamber. The young German, Heinrich, was 20 years old and he was the old
torturer's new apprentice. Heinrich had come over from Germany to study the
latest persuasion methods.

The old torturer was explaining to Heinrich about the finer techniques of
extracting confessions:

"Heinrich, it is a special art that you should learn. One should induce as much
agony as the prisoners can endure and then make it a little bit more - nothing
too extreme. In this way you will drive them out of their minds. If you go too
far, the effects could be the reverse. They could become delirious or faint.
Some might even die. That would defeat the whole purpose."

"Just look at those stupid Englishmen. They blunder forth and make a complete
mess of the whole torture. Sometimes they merely hang the criminals or chop
their head off. What idiots! We have centuries of experience behind us and we
have perfected the art. I shall teach you. I see you have strong muscular arms,
much better than mine, and you shall provide all the muscle power when we need
it.

Heinrich flexed his muscles and his heart beat faster, as certain visions came
to his mind. What glorious prospects!

"I have studied anatomy at medical school in London for one whole season,"
continued the old man. "It is important to know where the sensitive nerves run
and also how to avoid the main blood vessels. You do not want to abort the
torture because of internal bleeding."

"During my stay in London, I witnessed how they executed traitors - they called
it the traitor's death. What idiots the English are!  They begin by hanging the
traitor until he stops moving. Then they cut him down, supposedly alive.
However, they could not always revive everyone. Then they applied the next item
on the agenda, but usually the criminal was semi-comatose by then and could not
fully appreciate what was happening. They cut off his genitals and threw them in
the fire. The spectators loved this part. The blood loss was severe, whereby the
criminals' consciousness decreased even further. Next on the agenda was to cut
open his abdomen and roast his gut on the fire in front of him. Afterwards they
chopped off his head, just to make absolutely certain that he would not survive
the previous treatments.  All of this was standard procedure."

----

"Soon, when they bring Anne to us", the old man continued, "we shall explain
some of the torture implements to her, but we won't start her treatment today. I
want you to take her to the large comfortable cell with the bed in it, you know, 
the room on the first floor with the barred windows. Tell her that we won't
torture her if she allows us to have sex with her. Lock yourself in with her for
the night and have all the fun you want. If she objects to anything, remind her
that we shall only spare her from any torments, as long as she complies fully."

"Tomorrow you will meet with me here at seven. We shall continue our discussion
on the art of producing pain. And then we shall start to torture her."

"What?" , exclaimed Heinrich, "After I promised not to hurt her?"

"Yes", said the old man, "That is the whole idea. You could always tell her that
she was no good in bed, but instead we shall plant a seed of doubt in her mind.
In future, she will never know what to expect. You will probably prevent her
from getting too much sleep tonight. When a prisoner is tired and cold, they
experience far worse pain. The winter is not quite over yet, and tomorrow she
will be naked in this cold room for the whole day."

The guards dragged Anne into the torture chamber. She looked around with furtive
glances, afraid to look too closely at any instrument. She did not want to give
them any ideas of what to try on her first.

With a monotonous voice, old man named some of the objects: "This flat wide
chisel we use to chop off parts of the fingers and toes. This is the rack with
which to tear your arms and legs off. Here are the whips and scourges.  These
are the tongs, brands and breast rippers that can be used either red hot or
cold. Here are our screws and vices, to crush fingers, toes, ankles and this is
the head crusher. Here is a vice to hold your head when we twist your hair from
your scalp. With this we break your teeth."  Anne stood there panting, with eyes
wide in terror.

"Good," said the old man, "Now it is late and I'm tired. The guards and Heinrich
will now escort you to your room."

Anne was taken aback when she was locked in the cell together with Heinrich. He
sat down on the bed and ordered her to sit on the floor. Soon afterwards the
guards served Heinrich with cooked food and wine. They gave Anne some stale
moldy bread and water. Later the guards removed the empty utensils. Heinrich
spoke to the woman and said: "I shall now explain to you what the deal is and
why we are to spend the night together. Listen closely, this is what you must
agree to..."

The old man's bedroom was next to the cell on the first floor. That night he
grinned with amusement as he repeatedly heard the woman's gasps and squeals.
Thumping sounds continued for hours. She probably had the time of her life. For
the first and last time.

The next morning Heinrich arrived at the torture chamber 10 minutes late. The
old man was sitting at the desk on one side of the large room. Here were
seating, which were reserved for officials and visitors to came watch the
procedures. The old man was slightly irritated with Heinrich's lateness. He
remembered that he himself had had much more stamina when he was young.

"Heinrich, the first principle is never to rush into things and then go
overboard. Fear and agony should be built up slowly. On the first day we shall
cause her sufficient pain to last through the night, but we shall remain within
our limits. Tonight she will feel cold, she will be without a bed and she will
be chained to the wall. There is no toilet and she will have to decide what to
do about that. Nobody will respond to her calls. There will be no sleep for her
whatsoever and tomorrow everything will appear much worse."

"The basic principles of inducing pain, is to have a knowledge of which parts
are more sensitive and which areas should be avoided. The skin is obviously
sensitive all over, but what many torturers do not realize, is that pain starts
mostly in the skin and not in the depth. When you insert needles, the pain
usually does not increase with depth. When you poke to deep and you do not know
what you are doing, you could damage big blood vessels and produce a mayor
bleeding. When you work on a area, feel where pulsations are and be wary of
those body parts. It is more painful when you stick the needle all the way just
in or under the skin. The same applies when you burn somebody. When you burn too
deep, the pain nerves are destroyed. The suffering is much worse when you know
when to stop."

"Bones and joints are extremely sensitive to pain. When you crush the bones of
fingers and toes, the pain will not go away afterwards. You know what it feels
like when a weight drops on your toe. The pain will be so much more unbearable
when you apply screws to the same areas for a second time.  Usually punishment
becomes more effective when re-applied to areas that have had time to react with
swelling and redness.  On the following day punishments often produce shocking
results."

"There are two different methods of torturing:

One is the passive approach and does not require much effort. You just maintain
the person in a painful situation, such as in a vice, or on a rail or on the
horse. Just leave him there and forget about him. A gibbet works in a similar.
The prisoner is suspended on a metal hoop that produces constant pressure
between the legs, while the rest of the cage prevents any movement. The Romans
discovered that by attaching persons with big nails to trees, crosses or doors
and leaving them like this for hours or days, brilliant results could be
achieved with no physical effort.

The other approach is the active one, for example by flogging or stretching a
person on a rack. This is hard work. Spectators usually prefer action."

The guards were now asked to fetch Anne. She had only water to drink and looked
rather haggard. She shivered from the cold. The old man asked Heinrich to strip
her. She cried and protested. Heinrich laughed, for he had seen all of her. She
stood naked in front of the desk. Her bladder was visibly distended 

The old man asked her: "Are you a witch, can you fly and did you have sex with
the devil?"

She just answered, "Yes"

"Now what?" thought Heinrich, "What is she up to?"

"All witches are liars," replied the old man. "That means she meant no.
Therefore we are going ahead with the torture to find out what it is, that she
is denying."

"Heinrich, you will see how effective our simple methods can be. Strap her to
the chair."
In the opposite corner stood a heavy wooden chair with a high backrest and
armrests.

Heinrich looked at the chair and said, "The carpenter did not do a proper job.
There are some nails sticking out from the seat and backrest."  The old man
replied, "That is on purpose. You can't imagine how painful it becomes when you
have been sitting on them for some time. In other countries they have chairs
with thousands of spikes, but just a couple of nails really do the trick."

"Heinrich, you hold her in the chair and I'll show you how to tie her."

"Owww, owww," she cried, as he just dropped her onto the chair. The old man
quickly fastened a leather strap around her neck and through holes in the
backrest. H her wrists and ankles were tied to the armrests and legs of the
chair.

The girl was now crying and the tears were streaming profusely down her face.
"You see, Heinrich, its quite simple, but very efficient. She is attached only
at her neck, hands and feet and she can lift herself off the nails, but sooner
or later she will have to sit down again. She is going to feel so cold in this
chilly room. But wait; there is more to come. Take these four thumbscrews. I
want you to put one on each of her thumbs and big toes and tighten them. They
will immediately cause immense suffering."

Heinrich did as asked and Anne cried out loud as he tightened each screw.

"That is almost right," commented the old man. "Now I'll do it better." He took
each thumbscrew and tightened it until he heard the cracking of bone. Anne's
screams and lamentations were ear shattering. "She thinks this is the worst pain
ever, but the longer they stay on, the more they are going to hurt." The old man
shouted in Heinrich's ear: "Let's go and have breakfast."

They left her in this agony for two hours, while they enjoyed a leisurely
breakfast. "Soon you will see, Heinrich, what excellent results we achieved with
a minimum of effort on our part."

When they returned, Anne was hysterical and completely incoherent with pain.
Amongst her cries, they discerned  "stop, stop, help, help" a couple of times.
The old man untied her from the chair and took the screws off her thumbs, but
left those on her toes in place.

"Heinrich, I must compliment you on yours placement of the thumbscrews on her
thumbs. They were right over the joints and crushed the bones on both sides of
the joints. Now there are two broken bones in each thumb. You have natural
talent and will become a master torturer someday. This was a nice beginning."

They took no notice of the girl's wailings.

They tied her hands behind her back. "We are going to hoist her up to the
ceiling, with her arms behind her back." Heinrich looked up and saw the pulley
attached to a heavy wooden beam of the ceiling. The old man put a rope over the
pulley and tied it around the bindings of her wrists. "Some girls are quite
agile and when you are not looking, they can summersault through their tied
hands, so that their arms are no longer behind their backs. We shall prevent
this." The old man took another rope and turned it several time around both
arms, just above the elbows. He inserted a stick under the knot and turned. The
rope tightened and squeezed the girl's arms together, until her shoulders almost
dislocated. Her cries intensified again. "With her arms bound like this, she
will have more pain when we hoist her up." 

They pulled her up until her pelvis was level with their faces and fastened the
rope to a hook on the wall. This bondage of her arms and wrists caused more
throbbing pain in her thumbs. She was also acutely aware of all the other pain
in her shoulders and toes.

"You see, Heinrich, on the first day we shall not torture her too severely, but
tomorrow will be worse. Do you see the eyelets of the thumbscrews on her toes?
Let me show you what they can be used for. First let us tighten the screws a
bit. Now we shall suspend heavy weights from them."

Anne's agony grew beyond description.  Hanging like that, she was bent forwards
and her bottom and breasts were protruding. The two men took rattan canes and
for the following hour they vehemently hit those areas. Anne was swinging to and
fro and the movement of the weights contributed to her misery.

When the men finished their daily exercise, it was time for lunch. They left her
hanging there for two hours, while they went out and had a nice meal.

After they came back, the magistrate had arrived to see how the interrogation
was getting on. He objected to the merciless treatment, but enquired whether she
had confessed. The old man replied that that she had admitted being a witch, but
he was certain that she was still hiding something. The magistrate himself took
a leather whip from the hook on the wall and flogged her in a frightful manner.
"This is for corrupting my daughter Karen," he said and continued with a most
brutal whipping.

Eventually they took her down and removed the ropes and screws. They put her in
a small and dark cell. They fastened a chain around her neck and locked it to
the wall. They left her bruised and naked in the cold cell until the next
morning. They only left her a bowl with water to drink. Her bladder was so full
by now, that she could hold no longer. The urine formed a dam on the floor and
she could not move away from it. She developed stomach cramps and diarrhea in
the middle of the night. She felt awful sitting in the cold sewage for the rest
of the night.  She had never been so miserable in her life.

Early the next morning they fetched her. The guards washed her, and then they
force fed her porridge and took her to the torture chamber. The old man and
Heinrich were already waiting for her.

Anne pleaded and confessed once again that she was a witch. She then babbled and
talked incoherently. The two men looked at each other and both wondered whether
she had lost her mind. They decided to torture her again, no matter what.

Her thumbs and toes were swollen grotesquely, but the managed to slip larger
thumbscrews over them. When they tightened them Anne convulsed with pain. She
screamed and uttered strange curses.

During the rest of the day they used all sorts of tortures, they dropped her
from the ceiling and dislocated her shoulders, her fingernails and toenails were
struck with a hammer and Heinrich had some fun raping her. Anne experienced the
second day of torture definitely worse than the previous one. She was so tired
and had no mental resistance.

The magistrate had some second thoughts; late that afternoon and he stopped the
torture. His daughter had begged him to show some mercy.  But he also had his
doubts about Anne's mental state.

One month went by and Anne was still in prison. She had recovered to some degree
and her mind seemed quite rational now. The magistrate decided he needed to
gather more information. He also whished to know if his daughter was involved
and whether she was also a witch. He ordered Anne to be tortured for the second
time. The results were horrific. She was an absolute nervous wreck. During the
next day of torture, she lost her mind and the torture had to be abandoned.

Some weeks later the magistrate decided to interrogate Anne once more. She was
tortured for the third time and her suffering was enormous. The magistrate came
to a decision this time - Anne was to be burnt at the stake.

After this decision was made, Anne still languished for a year in prison.
Heinrich had already returned to Germany.

It was a year after her torture that the old man and the guards prepared the
stake in the middle of the village square. The public interest was high and many
men and women gathered to watch the execution.

When the magistrate arrived, he asked the old man why the pile of wood was so
small and why a crossbeam had been attached to the top of the stake.

The old man answered, "With this cold spell that we had, fire wood is in short
supply. I could not find any more dry wood. One could chop some trees, but green
wood will make a lot of smoke, but will not really burn. I'm sure the fire will
be adequate. Usually it takes half an hour for a witch to burn to death, but
today it will probably last a bit longer. As for the beam at the top - this is
the Spanish Inquisition's method. We'll tie her arms outstretched above her
head, almost like a crucifixion. The burning process is much more spectacular
this way."

Anne was led to the stake and tied with her arms outstretched. The town's people
cheered. The old man struggled to get the fire going. Anne was petrified with
fear as she looked on. Apparently the dry wood was also a bit damp from the
early morning mist. More straw was fetched and at last some flames appeared.
When the flames reached her feet, they jerked frantically and tried to pull
away.  Slowly the flames reached higher and she writhed madly in agony. Her
screams could be heard all over the village and people came running to see what
was happening. 

In horrific agony, Anne de Chantraine slowly burnt to death. She was only 17
years old!




The Torturer's Apprentice

Part 3

Heinrich's new Dutch apprentice

The year was 1630. Two men sat on the slopes of a hill, overlooking the small
town of Bamberg, where shadows were slowly stretching in the last rays of the
evening sun. They looked at the glistening of the sun's reflection on the water
of the Regnitz River. The Bishop's Palace and the Imperial Cathedral were
illuminated with an almost surreal orange glow. Heinrich was now an older man
and during the previous ten years he had gained a vast experience and knowledge
of his profession. By now he had certainly become a master torturer. The other
man was a tall young fair-haired Dutchman with the name of Jan. He had come all
the way from the town of Groningen, in Holland, with the express purpose of
studying under the master. When Heinrich spoke slowly in German, Jan had no
difficulty in understanding him. Jan was fluent in several languages. His native
tongue was actually Freeze, but he was also conversant in Dutch, French and
German.

Earlier that day Herman had shown his new apprentice around the old town. Inside
the Imperial Cathedral they had admired the tomb of Emperor Henry II and his
queen, Kunigunde. Henry II had founded Bamberg ages and ages ago, in 1007, on
the seven hills in the middle of a valley.  Many of the buildings were so very
old, but with pride Heinrich showed him a new one, built only three years
previously - the Hexenhaus (witches' house). It was a large stone building,
unlike the numerous wooden houses, and had a decorative facade. By just looking
at the beautiful architecture, one would never guess what the purpose of this
structure was. It was built with typical German efficiency. Heinrich had played
a pivotal role in designing its features. The Church elders were delighted with
the results. The Hexenhaus had accommodation for 40 witches, two chapels and one
large torture chamber. For religious reasons, there had to be more chapels than
torture chambers, but some of the other rooms could easily be converted for
those purposes. During clear weather, confessions were sometimes extracted in
the courtyard, to allow newcomers to watch through their barred windows. A
separate building housed numerous guards. The main duty of the guards was to
prevent any witches from escaping or contacting their families - any slip-ups of
the guards would be punished by death. Witch hunting had become a lucrative
business. Since the completion of the Hexenhaus, more than 300 witches had been
processed. A witch was burnt alive about every third or fourth day. All their
possessions were confiscated, adding handsomely to the Church's coffers.

Heinrich opened a bag and took out two books and handed them to Jan. One book
was large and thick, bound in leather. It was a comprehensive work on medicine,
written by the 16th century surgeon, Ambrosius Pare. He was the first person to
discover an efficient method of controlling bleeding by tying off the arteries,
instead of burning the wounds with boiling oil. The book had excellent drawings
and descriptions of the human anatomy and also contained numerous illustrations
of different surgical instruments, many of which Heinrich had already acquired
for other purposes.  He pointed out some illustrations in the book.  The
Dutchman shuddered at the thought of what horrific torture plain everyday
surgery had to be.

(Here are some pictures from an original edition from 1580, owned by the
Historian)



The other book was an even older one, written in 1486 by two righteous men, two
Dominican priests. The book's title was Malleus Maleficarum (Hammer of the
Witches). Almost everyone was by now familiar with this ancient work and it had
not lost its significance. Heinrich pointed out two important sentences to Jan.
One declared that no torture was too severe when used for obtaining confessions
and the other stated that any disbelief in witchcraft was the greatest of
heresies. Heinrich told the young man to study both books thoroughly and then
bring them back to him. (Books have a strange habit of not returning to the
owner, even in those days!)

Heinrich asked Jan how he had become involved in torture. He was quite surprised
to hear how the Dutch people trained selected young children to become
proficient torturers later in life. The children had to participate in floggings
and tortures, so that they could become desensitized and could even start to
enjoy their powers over helpless victims. This experience had influenced Jan in
many ways.

Jan asked Heinrich the same question. The older man thought for a while, then
shook his head and remained silent. He never talked about his own painful
memories.

In Holland witches were no longer burnt since 1610, two years before Jan's
birth. He had never witnessed a witch go up in smoke. A certain book that
circulated in his country had a large influence on many people's outlook. On the
other hand, Holland was such a wet country, only fit for frogs. Maybe burning
was not such a good idea when it was always raining.

The sunset lingered on. The two men sat there, talking contently, until the dusk
turned into darkness.

Heinrich lectured to his apprentice: " Jan, you must never get carried away with
what you are doing, but you should always keep two things in mind. The officials
want to hear confessions. They will never admit it, but at the same time they
appreciate watching the tortures of pretty maidens in imaginative ways. The
other thing to remember is that you must obtain as many names as possible. On
average a witch will name at least twenty other people. That widens the choice
of whom to accuse next. "

"We have refined our techniques and we never fail to obtain the confession of
many names. If you should use extreme violence, you would only make the prisoner
incoherent with pain. It must not be as if you are fighting a war. When you
fight, you hack and chop the enemy to pieces. I disagree with what the Bishop of
Trier, Peter Binsfield, wrote when he said that a light torture amounted to no
torture at all. He had been responsible for the deaths of 6500 men, women and
children. We have come a long way since then. Binsfield had practically waged a
war on his own, but we have a different approach now."

"The girl that has died at the stake this morning, has named 23 other people.
Today our guards brought back only one of them. Her name is Clara and she is the
prettiest one that they could find. She is young, blonde, and has long hair and
a beautiful figure. She is waiting at the Hexenhaus now, but we shall leave her
in peace for the time being, and shall only start her interrogation tomorrow.
Firstly we shall hold a private session with her, and the next day we shall
torture her in front of all the officials. I'm confident that she will confess
soon and we shall burn her the following day."

"When we grill her in the presence of the officials, we shall have a fire
burning. In the past I have tried to keep coals burning in a brassier, but the
room soon gets filled with smoke. It is better to make fire in the fireplace. 
We'll have some red-hot instruments ready. You'll see the effect on the girl,
even if we only show them to her without applying them."

------

Clara sat on the cold stone floor in the corner of her cell, which was on the
second floor. The moon was shining through a small window. There was no glass,
only an opening with bars. A cold breeze came in and Clara huddled together,
trying to keep out the chill. The room was utterly barren, desolate, with
nothing in it. She was in shock from what had happened that day.

Her thoughts turned back to that dreadful morning. Like so many times before,
she had heard the shrieks and lamentations coming from the village square. She
knew from past experience that another witch was on fire. Out of curiosity she
had gone to see who it could be. Where was her best friend, Gertrud, whom she
had not seen for a week?  To her utter horror she saw it was indeed Gertrud who
was tied to the stake. The flames were burning up to her hips. Clara was so
shocked that she could not watch further and she ran away. After what seemed
like ages, the screams form the square became fainter until they finally died
away.

Next she remembered how, later that afternoon, two guards had come out of
nowhere, and dragged her away.

Clara sat in the cold cell, weeping until no more tears would flow.  Had Gertrud
betrayed her or why had they taken her? 

Clara did not sleep that night. As daybreak approached, the temperature dropped
to its lowest level. In the distance a dog barked. The only other sound was the
faint noise of a woman groaning somewhere. Clara shivered.

As Clara looked up at the first light seeping through the window, she noticed a
dove sitting on the windowsill. He bobbed his head up and down and peered
through the bars.

He was just a small insignificant piece of reality, reminding her that normality
still existed somewhere out there.

Two guards arrived and took her down the passage to the toilet. It consisted of
a sort of alcove, protruding from the back of a room. Inside it was a bench with
a hole in it. She looked to see if there was anything underneath the hole and
noticed that water was running down a channel under the seat. At least human
waste would not drop on somebody's head, she thought. She wondered how they
managed to get running water up to the second floor - maybe it came from the
hill somehow. To her embarrassment, the guards watched her all the time. They
dared not allow her to drop a secret message in the water or something like
that. Nearby stood a boudoir with a water basin. The guards waited patiently
until she had finished on the toilet and then ordered her to wash herself. The
kept their eyes on her all the time.

When she had finished, the guards walked with her down the passage. On their way
they passed more guards with two other women. Clara initially did not recognize
any of the maidens. They were swollen and bruised. But then she knew who they
were. What had they done to them!  Nobody uttered a word and they went past each
other in silence.

Down two flights of stairs they went, the guards and Clara. They entered a
kitchen. A fat woman smiled and gave Clara a bowl with porridge and a glass of
milk. Clara stood near the warmth of an old iron stove and started to feel more
comfortable. Maybe it would not be so bad after all.

--------

Heinrich and Jan were sitting in comfortable upholstered chairs in a cozy bright
room. This was not the genuine torture chamber. It had tables and cupboards and
a fire was burning in the hearth. Heinrich instructed Jan to observe his
techniques closely and learn from them. They were going to do preliminary work
on this new girl and they were not interested in getting a confession from her
yet.

The guards knocked and brought Clara in. They remained patiently at her side,
waiting to provide further assistance. Heinrich looked Clara up and down for
some time and said nothing. She stood there for a long while and nothing
happened. Clara became flustered, but did not speak either.

"Undress and remove everything", whispered Heinrich in an almost inaudible
voice. He continued to stare at her.

"What, what?" asked Clara bewildered.

"You heard me," answered Heinrich softly. And he waited.

Clara stood there trembling. She was extremely uncomfortable with the men
staring at her all the time. Then she reluctantly complied and removed all her
clothes and undergarments. She stood there naked, waiting for further
instructions. Clara was really an exceptionally beautiful woman. They enjoyed
looking at her and Heinrich felt no urge to rush matters.

Eventually, Heinrich slowly lifted his hand and pointed a finger at her blonde
pubic hair. He snapped his fingers and the guards immediately knew what was
expected. Silently they dragged her to a long low table and forced her to lie on
her back. Heinrich stood up and opened a cupboard door. He took out a razor and
a strap. Leisurely he sharpened the razor on the strap and then signaled to the
guards to lift her legs up. Each guard took a lower leg, held it with one hand
just below the knee and pulled it up. They folded her double with her bottom
fully exposed and her knees next to her body. Clara was petrified with fear.
Heinrich thought of how different this girl was from the others. Usually they
cried when they were handled in this way, but she showed no tears. The guards
held her immobilized in this position. Methodically he shaved off every pubic
hair that he could find, all of them on her genitals and around her anus. She
looked at him with big horrified eyes.

When devils, such as incubi and succubi, copulate with girls, they leave behind
devil's marks. This was common knowledge. They now examined the areas where you
would most likely find them. Heinrich and Jan performed a prolonged and thorough
vaginal and anal examination. They looked as deep inside her as they could see.
They were determined not to miss even the smallest detail. They found only one
small pimple, but nothing incriminating. The two guards stood ogling Clara's
most intimate parts. The hidden beauty of a woman never failed to interest them.

It was also common knowledge that devil's marks could be invisible to the naked
eye. Everyone knew that those spots were insensitive to pain. The method of
finding them, was to prick everywhere with a needle. Heinrich ordered the guards
to tie her in that position.  They fetched many pieces of rope from another
cupboard. A rope was tied below each knee, taken under the table and then tied
to the other side. This forced her legs up next to her body. Another rope was
tied around her body just above her pelvis and around the table. Her hands were
then tied together under the table. "She's now just like an upside-down frog,"
thought Jan.

Heinrich produced a long needle that was fixed in wooden handle.  He started his
search in the more sensitive areas. He slowly inserted the needle under the skin
and then advanced it in a fanlike fashion in all directions. He moved the needle
just under her skin and never went too deep. Clara cried out in anguish and
begged him to stop. Her body jerked violently the whole time, but she could not
avoid that awful metal point. The needle bored relentlessly into her sensitive
skin. Nowhere did the needle find the area that it was seeking, but it continued
probing. There was a lot of skin to test. She intensely felt pain everywhere and
screamed with every prick. Heinrich avoided her breasts. He explained that they
had other plans for them later and had to keep them intact.

This was a laborious task and took a long time. Her reactions to the needle did
not diminish at all.

Later the guards untied her hands from under the table, but left the other ropes
in place. She thought they were going to free her at last, but she was wrong.
The guards pressed her hands down with her palms flat on the table. The needle
was now inserted under and above all her nails. Finger by finger, they pushed
the needle in deeply above the nail where it emerged from the finger and then
several times under each nail. Clara howled with pain. No devil's mark there
either!

Her toes were next. She involuntary jerked her feet when the needle was pushed
under her toenails, but the guards held her tight. It was incredible how hard
she could scream. Her big eyes pleaded in vain. 

Heinrich finally decided he had enough. His ears were becoming deaf from the
noise. He told Jan that they had one ultimate treat in store for her that day.

Her exposed and gaping labia were just asking to be raped. The position that she
was tied in was just right for this sort of fun. Heinrich went first. Clara's
eyes reflected her agony when he started fucking her. Her tears had dried up
long ago and her vagina was even drier. What was his penis made of? It felt like
a rasp!  Jan followed. Could anything be worse?  His penis felt like a
combination of a cactus and burning coals.

Jan found the thrill of raping her immensely exciting. She was such a pretty and
defenseless girl. At the same time a seed of remorse was germinating in his
mind. Why was he so brutal to such a sweet and beautiful girl? He felt like a
beast devouring the beauty.

To her horror the guards pulled out their huge organs and wagged them lewdly at
her.  When their turn arrived, they gave her aching vagina a respite and fucked
her up her anus. Afterwards two of her body orifices were hurting like hell.

She was untied and told to dress. It was already dark by then. The guards took
her back to another cell. They forced her to sit against the wall and shackled
her wrists in chains, with her arms outstretched on both sides. Recently a
tortured woman had committed suicide by ingesting hidden poison. They made
certain that Clara would be unable to do something similar. She could not touch
her face and wipe her running nose.

They locked the door behind them and left her like that for the night. Clara was
too sore to sit, but she was prevented from standing up either. It was
impossible to lie down, with her arms outstretched like that. She heard a groan
coming from the opposite side of the cell. In the darkness she could faintly
discern another woman chained to the wall. Clara called out to her and tried to
talk to her, but the wretched creature only groaned.

It would be a dreadfully long sleepless night.

-------

Meanwhile, Heinrich and Jan were sitting in front of the fireplace, where the
dieing embers were glowing dimly. They were in a relaxed mood, after the meal
and wine that the fat cook had served them. Heinrich was elucidating certain
aspects.

He said that they had been unable to find proof that the devil had raped her;
therefore they obligingly did it for him. Jan did not find this wisecrack
amusing and scowled.

Heinrich went on to explain the importance of knowing anatomy. One has to learn
the exact location of the major arteries. A major hemorrhage would cause the
premature death of a girl and the officials would be hugely disappointed if she
died without their participation. He reminded Jan to study both books that he
had lent him.

He went on to explain that pain nerves were located just under the skin and that
it did not serve any purpose to insert needles much deeper. It was important to
get a confession within a couple of days. Often the needle punctures would cause
boils and puss to form later on. Fever could also terminate her life.

He explained that bones and joints have a many of pain nerves. He promised to
demonstrate that fact the next day. He was certain that she would confess then.
Lack of sleep would lower her will to resist. He reminded Jan that they had
tortured her without causing any significant physical damage. Not like in the
dark ages, in the time of Henry II, when they put a prisoner's feet in stocks
and placed burning coals under them. That had always led to confessions, but had
caused complete destruction of the feet. Sometimes charred bones would drop from
dead flesh. Heinrich mentioned that the Hexenhaus conserved several torture
devices that dated from those times. One was a large metal gridiron in the shape
of a bed. On one side was a short chain with a metal collar that could be fixed
around the prisoner's neck. On the other end were two similar chains with cuffs
that were put around the prisoner's ankles. The chains allowed the victim a lot
of freedom of movement, but prevented him from jumping off. Burning coals were
placed under the grille, first at the feet and later under other areas. The
victims were slowly burnt to death. Heinrich speculated on what a spectacle that
must have been.

Jan had heard enough and asked to be excused.


The torture chamber was ready the following morning. A fire was burning in the
hearth and several pokers and pincers were glowing red-hot. Officials, priests
and brethren with brown robes tied with ropes around the waists, entered the
chamber and took place behind a large table on one side of the room. A scribe
fiddled with quills and paper. Heinrich and Jan entered and bowed before the
ensemble. Heinrich addressed them and said that he had nothing elaborate planned
for that morning, but what would happen would be quite effective. He pointed at
a heavy ladder leaning against the wall and said that would be the only torture
apparatus.

They did not have to wait long for the guards to fetch Clara. She appeared
completely exhausted and tired, with bloodshot eyes and dark circles around
them. Her hair was disheveled and she was covered with bruises. She did not even
seem to mind that she was already naked. Heinrich tied her to the ladder, facing
away from it. She complacently let everything happen. All the men in the room
admired her beauty, in spite of her scruffy appearance.

Heinrich took a red-hot poker from the fire and held it close to her face. She
screamed in panic. He told her that he was going to insert it up each pretty
nostril. She pulled back her head and cried out loud. Slowly he held it closer
until she could feel the heat on her nose. Then he just stood there without
doing anything. After a while he told her that he would use it on her lips
instead. Again she cried out. He held the poker closer to her lips and she could
not decide what would be better, to pout them or pull them away from her teeth
and stretch them out thinly. She felt the heat on her mouth. After a while,
Heinrich walked away and put the poker back in the fire.

An official asked Clara if she had been to the witch's Sabbath and who else had
been there. Clara remained silent.

Heinrich walked back to the ladder and bent down. A metal rod lay on the floor.
He swiftly picked it up and without warning hit her big toe with tremendous
force. She screamed with anguish and tried to hop around, but was firmly tied to
the ladder.

The official repeated his question. Clara still did not answer. Heinrich lifted
up the metal rod. Clara now knew what was coming and moved her other foot to and
fro to avoid the stroke. Heinrich had a good aim and delivered a crushing blow
to the other big toe. She screamed hysterically. The officials could tell that
she was weakening.

Heinrich waited ten minutes while Clara endured the throbbing pain in both her
toes. Again she refused to answer any questions.

Heinrich then landed a terrible blow on her left shinbone. This was a place
where the bone was not protected by muscle, but was only covered with a thin
layer of skin. The bone did not fracture, but the pain was excruciating. He
waited patiently for her cries to decrease somewhat and then landed another blow
on her right shinbone.

This was more than she could endure. She knew that her life was at stake, but
she was now beyond caring. She confessed that she was a witch and named everyone
that she could think of. The scribe wrote down all the details.

The brethren were disappointed that it was over so quickly. When Heinrich and
Jan left the chambers, they decided to have some old-fashioned fun. They untied
her and refastened her on the ladder with her back to them and her head down.
They took turns whipping her.

The two torturers heard her cries as they walked down the passage. Heinrich
explained to Jan what the procedures would be on the following day. Her breasts
would be tortured in public with red-hot irons and later they would burn her
alive at the stake.

That evening Jan secretly started his journey back to Holland, without saying
farewell to Heinrich. He was angry about the whole farce and could not watch
such a pretty innocent girl suffer such a despicable fate. He hated himself and
the whole world.

Heinrich never saw his books again.




The Torturer's Apprentice

Part 4

Journey to Batavia

The year was now 1654. Since his return to Holland, Jan had applied his
knowledge with skill and understanding. He no longer condoned the punishment of
innocent people. Those who deserved it could expect no compassion from him.
Eventually he became the administrator of a large prison.  He still frequently
found enough opportunity to try his hand at correcting wrongdoers, especially
young prostitutes. He made certain that he did not loose his touch, in spite of
his senior position. In fact, he enjoyed punishing criminals more than ever - he
knew that was the right thing to do!

He had made friends with many influential people, such as the Council of
Seventeen, who formed the controlling body of the VOC (Verenighde Oostindische
Compagnie - the East India Company). He owned shares in many of their ships and
had become comfortably rich. Since the VOC's founding in 1602, it had become the
largest company in the world. They owned many more ships than England and were
trading profitably in the Far East.

He wondered why his young niece, Anna, had such a morbid fascination with his
prison work. She was a stunningly beautiful young girl. With her petite figure,
she almost looked like a child. She frequently enquired how prisoners where
tortured. During his explanations of the techniques, her big eyes looked at him
with rapture.

One day Jan took her along to witness the punishment of prostitutes. This show
was open to the public for a small entrance fee. They sat on the last row of a
small pavilion facing the courtyard of the prison. Several youthful prostitutes
were taken, one by one, to the punishment bench and secured, face down, by their
ankles and wrists. Their dresses were pulled up and their bloomers lowered. They
then each received fifty lashes with a whip made from the penis of a large bull.
Anna became agitated and red in her face. She shouted encouragement, and asked
them to hit harder. The people in front of her turned around to look at her. She
innocently put her petite hand on Jan's leg.  Whenever the whip resounded on
naked buttocks and the whore screamed and squirmed with pain, Anna clenched her
hand and pinched the inside of his thigh. Jan was worried that she would
accidentally move her hand too far and notice that he had an erection. He shook
his head  and tried to suppress his innermost wish that she would do so.

The following week she was pestering him again with all her questions, so Jan
took her with him, to witness the flogging of a male prisoner. A young man was
stretched out naked between two posts. Anna's excitement was ever increasing
while she watched the prisoner receive the first fifty lashes on his exposed
buttocks. She requested permission to try it herself. With an amused grin, the
guard showed her his muscular arm and sarcastically asked whether she really
thought that she could do any good. He handed her the whip and told her to go
ahead anyway, and give ten lashes. He said they would not count, as a small girl
gave them.

She skipped several times with youthful glee and then, with an up-arm stroke,
brought the whip crashing up between the man's legs. She administered four more
blistering upstrokes between the prisoner's legs. She laughed with delight, when
her results were better than the guard's. She walked to the front of the
prisoner and sniggered when she saw the tormented expression on his face. He was
groaning loudly. She grabbed his testicles with both her delicate hands and
squeezed them hard. The louder he screamed, the harder she squeezed and twisted
them. She was thrilled with her power over him.

"You poor boy," she said sweetly, as she leered into his face, "do these
worthless little balls of yours trouble you? Let me give them another big
present, from little old me." She again picked up the whip, walked to the back
of him and ferociously gave him five more of her very best between his legs,
swinging the whip with both her hands.

She stood there for a couple of minutes, staring at the man and making small
quivering movements with her hips. Jan wondered what was wrong with her. Was she
dizzy and was she going to fall? Anna hoped that Jan had not noticed her orgasm.

Jan was flabbergasted with his niece's performance. He told her that they had to
leave at once, as he had other important matters to attend to. Actually, the
only important matter was his bulging erection and he did not want anybody to
see it. The guard returned to his work and dutifully administered the remaining
punishment.

Jan was convinced by now, that he would ask her to become his new apprentice. He
had never met any other girl like her before. At the same time, he was also
worried about the effect that she was having on him.
-----------

Wooden planks creaked, as the ship swayed to and fro, in the gentle swell of the
ocean. They had departed from the small island of Texel on the Dutch coast. Some
of the ships of the VOC left from there, the others from Amsterdam.

It was now two months later. At the time of their departure it had been misty
and raining. The weather was now the exact opposite. The cold and wet conditions
were only distant memories, as the noon sun blazed down on them from a cloudless
sky - almost unbearably hot. Jan and Anna were standing near the main mast,
trying to find some shade in the shadows of the sails. This small ship was
dreadfully overcrowded and men were all over the place.

The wind had died down and the sails were flapping lifelessly from the masts. It
had been like that for two days already and the captain was worried.

Somewhere in their vicinity were two other ships that were supposed to accompany
them, but they had not been seen since the mist at the Dutch coast.


Jan and Anna watched as the sailors and soldiers tried to relieve their immense
boredom with menial tasks. Some of them were sick and their gums were bleeding.
For many the stale and hard food had become an agony to eat.   For others death
had ended their misery.

The ship was en route to Batavia and they carried a special cargo. On board was
a consignment of 30 female convicts. The prisons in Holland were overfull and
these convicts were on their way to a penal colony in Batavia.

A special hut had been built on the deck of the ship, to accommodate the female
villains. It was a temporary construction made of rough timber and it had no
windows. On one side there was a metal gate with bars, which served as a door as
well as a window. Some ventilation took place through cracks between the planks.
Nonetheless, it was stifling hot inside and the women were complaining bitterly.
The hut was relatively small, because the ship really did not have all that much
space.  As toilet, they had to use a slop bucket. It was emptied twice per day,
but during rough weather the bucket emptied itself inside the hut. The drinking
water was foul and they only received food that had become rotten, often full of
maggots. They neither had blankets nor furniture. 

Nobody was really concerned about their comfort. They were criminals after all.

They were allowed outside only after dark. Guards stood at the gate and shackled
them to a long rusty chain as they came out. They were then allowed to wash
themselves, wash the clothes that they wore and clean the hut. Afterwards they
were unshackled again as they returned to the hut.

Jan and his niece Anna did not have that much luxury either. They had to share a
small room. At least they had separate beds and there was a movable screen
behind which Anna could undress and wash herself. This was one of the two grand
rooms on the ship. The captain and his young wife occupied the other.

In the middle of the night, the sailor at the wheel noticed how the waves were
getting larger. There was no wind blowing. He was an experienced sailor and knew
the waves were a sign of a storm somewhere. Should he call the captain? He
scanned the horizon for flashes of lighting, but saw nothing. He decided that
there was no imminent danger and allowed the captain sleep.

It was stifling hot, so early in the morning, and it was already light. The ship
was pitching more than usual and Jan woke up feeling hot and sweaty, even though
he had slept naked. The ship's movement had made him slip to and fro in his bed.
His bladder was full and this caused an erection without any sexual arousal. He
wondered if Anna was still sleeping. Casually he looked in her direction. Jan
blinked his eyes in astonishment! She was standing naked and was sponging
herself. The rolling of the ship had caused the screen to slide away and she was
apparently unaware that he could now see her. She stood with her legs parted,
trying to keep her balance, and was washing her private parts. Fascinated he
looked on, while she cleaned herself. This was the first time that he had seen
her naked body. He had never realized that she was so stunningly beautiful.  Her
breasts were firm with brownish nipples, which were slightly large for a young
girl. When she removed the wet sponge from her genitals, he saw that all her
pubic hair had been shaven off or plucked. He wondered about that. He had never
been married in his life.  He knew that girls sometimes plucked their eyebrows.
What did they do with hair in other places?

The next moment she looked up, blushed and smiled at Jan. Frantically he tried
to find his bed sheet, but it was on the floor somewhere. He covered his penis
with his hands, but he was certain that she had already seen the condition of
that body part. Without saying anything, Anna knelt on the floor next to his
bed, as if she intended to pick up his sheet. Gently she held on to his arm, to
keep her balance.  As he looked at her smiling face, she winked at him. He could
not believe it, when she playfully lifted one of his fingers that covered his
penis. She tried to look under it. There was not much to be seen and she
suddenly yanked both his hands away. Jan watched her with mixed emotions. She
shook her hair out of her face. With one hand she grabbed the shaft of his penis
and squeezed until her fingers were white. Her other hand cupped his testicles.
He felt dreadfully embarrassed by her unashamed sexual advances. He wondered
what she was up to, but with feelings of guilt, he also felt an urge to
participate in her sexual games. With misgivings, he remembered what her small
hands could do to a man's balls.

Gently he stoked her naked shoulder and with a gentle hint, nudged her ever so
slightly towards him. The movements of the ship made her sway. He was not
certain whether it was his hand on her shoulder or if it was the rolling of the
ship, but the next moment her lips were almost touching his penis. His desires
became almost too much for him and in a trancelike state he longed for her to
continue.  However, he was an established bachelor and a woman had never looked
at his genitals from this close up .She laughed with a wide-open mouth. There
was a sudden movement of the ship and she fell forward. His penis penetrated
deep into her throat. She gagged a little and her eyes rolled. The next moment
she regained her composure and she started to massage his penis with her tongue
and lips. He thrust his penis in and out of her mouth and she quickly learnt to
tolerate it deep at the back. He did not have time to warn her that he was going
to ejaculate. She sputtered when he squirted months' pent-up passion into her.
She showed her white teeth in a wide grin and then continued to suck him until
his penis was soft.

He complained that he now had an urgent need to urinate. She fetched a pot out
of her wooden chest, held it between his legs and with her other hand aimed his
little tube at the pot. She told him to pee and made "swish, swish, swish"
sounds to encourage him. What a mischievous girl!  For some time no urine would
flow, but she did not let go of his penis. Men usually can't urinate immediately
after ejaculating and it was not only embarrassment that was holding back the
flow. Once the stream had started, it seemed as if it would never end - his
bladder was extremely full. Some urine found its way into the pot, but the
ship's movements made the rest go all over the place. Suddenly she pointed his
penis at herself and squirted his warm urine all over her. She opened her mouth
and swallowed some of it. He tried to stop the stream, but could not. She was
able do just what she wanted with him. She laughed hilariously at his
humiliation.

Which of them was the apprentice now?

--------

The sailors and soldiers had to sleep and live on the lower deck between the
cannons. Tempers were frayed and sexual frustration ran high. Most of them had
visited whores in Amsterdam, but after two months at sea, it had become more
than any man could endure. Part of their frustration was that they knew about
the girls on board. There was a whole shack full of them, but they were
completely out of limits. The soldiers were not even allowed on deck when the
girls came out at night. Men frequently dreamt of the potential little
whorehouse on the deck.

It was a dark night, with only a quarter-moon shining. The wind had started
again and was now howling through the rigging. Some sailors were occupied with
the trimming of the sails. The girls were outside washing their clothes in a tub
and all of them were naked. They did not have anything else to wear. Two guards
stood at the gate of the shack. 

Cautiously, a soldier crept form his hiding place. He was naked and had an
enormous erection. He did not even try to conceal this. He was filled with raw
uncontrollable animal lust. The girl on the end of the chain made a muffled
sound, as he put his hand over her mouth. She was a pretty redhead, but he could
not see this in the dark. He raped her with all the vigor of his accumulated
frustrations.

In spite of the noise of the wind and the creaking of the boat, the guards
noticed that the chain rattled. They ran and pulled the soldier off the girl. He
was very close to coming, but he was not quite there yet. The relief would have
lasted him another two months. As they led him away, his pelvis made a few more
shuddering movements and he experienced immense frustration.

The following morning the captain, his pretty young wife, Jan and Anna ware
sitting in the chartroom. The guards brought the offender before them. He now
had his breeches on but his upper body was bare. The captain was most indignant
about what had happened. He ordered three dozen lashes with the cat. The
captain's wife stared at the handsome soldier, caught his eye, winked at him and
then pleaded with her husband for leniency. After all, he was only human, she
pleaded. The captain replied curtly that he had reconsidered the sentence. He
would now receive four dozen lashes and would afterwards have the privilege of
riding the rope.

The wretched man was led away and Jan fetched his personal cat o' nine from his
room. It was fabricated from heavy leather and consisted of ten strands. It was
five feet long and had metal tags on the ends, to prevent them from fraying.
Each strand was as thick as a man's little finger. Jan had decided that ten
strands were better than nine. It would be easier to calculate the exactly
number of cuts administered.

This particular soldier would get the equivalent of 480 separate lashes. Jan
regularly smeared the whip's strands with oil, to prevent them from cracking. He
now got it ready for the castigation and tested it on a pillow. Some
down-feathers floated into the air.

Later that morning, the captain's wife and Anna walked hand in hand to the place
where the soldier was being fastened to the mast. The prisoner was now naked and
he was facing towards the front of the ship. He was standing on a wooden lattice
and he was tied with his feet one yard away from the mast and his legs wide
apart. His body was stretched out at an angle, sloping forward towards the mast.
The wind was blowing directly from behind and this would increase the power of
the whip. One never used the whip against the wind.

The ship's crew was gathering on the upper deck and many sailors had climbed up
in the rigging to obtain a better view. The pending entertainment would be a
welcome relief from their daily boredom.

A huge muscular sailor stood there, with the whip in his hand. He cautioned the
ladies to stand further back, so that the lash would not accidentally catch
them. Anna led the captain's wife to a new position, obliquely in front of the
victim. From their new location they had a nice frontal view.

Anna hardly had any hang-ups and she unashamedly stared at what was hanging
down. Lewdly she whispered in the other woman's ear: "Look at that little brown
whip hanging between his legs. It's nice and small now. To think, that's the
scourge of all women. Soon the big whip will teach the little one a well
deserved lesson." The captain's wife blushed. She had never seen another man
naked like this before and she would not admit to herself that it stirred some
emotions inside her.  The soldier looked at the pretty woman and noticed that
her eyes were riveted on his private parts. His balls were still uncomfortably
swollen with semen. His penis involuntary started to salute her. The girls
giggled when they saw this.

The captain barked the order for the punishment to begin. The huge man lifted
the whip up far behind him and then brought the instrument crashing down on the
soldier's back.

"One", he said, as blood started to ooze out of ten lines on the soldier's back. 
A second later the roar of the soldier rose above the howl of the wind. The
captain's wife was shocked by the violence. She wondered how on earth he would
be able to endure the rest of it, if the first one was this brutal. Never before
had she witnessed punishment from such close quarters. With fascination, she
stared at the spasmodic movements of his strong muscles, as he tried to jerk
free from his bindings. She blushed again, as the swinging movement of his penis
caught her eye. Evil thoughts came into her mind and made her blush even more.

The ship lurched to one side and then righted itself. When it was steady, the
arm with the whip lifted high and again it came crashing down with fearful
force.

"Two". There were now twenty bloody lines on the soldier's body. From thence on
it would be pure agony.

Anna moved closer to the victim, stretched out her hand and stopped the swinging
movement of his penis, as if she wanted to stop the movement of a pendulum.

"Careful, lady!" shouted the torturer, "We don't want anyone to get hurt today.
You must stand back."

With an earsplitting crack the whip came down on the soldier's buttocks.

"Three" and there were ten bleeding cuts on his butt.

"Look" exclaimed Anna. "He's pissing already. I wonder how long he's going to
last before they hit the shit out of him." A strong stream of urine was flowing
from of his penis. The captain's wife was shocked by the crudeness of Anna's
words, but she could not help looking at the elongated bit of flesh with urine
gushing out. There were so many things that day that she had never seen before.
To actually see a man pissing was a new experience for her.

The flogging continued unrelenting. "Four", "Five", "Six", "Seven" and so it
went on for a long time. The captain's wife actually started to enjoy it. Here
was a man, a superior being to women, getting his deserved rights. Men are so
arrogant, she thought, and look at him now. She laughed at the soldier. He saw
how she winked at him for the second time that day - until the indescribable
pain of another blow interrupted his thoughts. He screamed in agony and then
pleaded with the captain's wife to stop the punishment. He begged her over and
over again.  She was starting to feel some arousal in herself. She was somehow
part of the punishment process and could show him how much power she had over
him. She smiled at him and shook her head. She instructed the torturer to
continue with even more force.

The ship's men loved every minute of the spectacle. The man with the whip really
had a very strong arm. The prisoner at the mast was hoarse from screaming and it
was now comical to hear the croaking sounds coming from his mouth after each
lash. The sounds did not match the agony on his face. Little rivulets of blood
were running down his legs.

"Forty" - And then it happened - uncontrollable bowel movement.  Shit ran down
his legs.

The man with the whip stood back and waited in disgust for it to stop. Then he
swung the whip with renewed vigor for the last eight strokes.

The soldier hung limp at the mast. The captain's wife asked Anna whether they
were going to rub salt into the wounds. Anna was certain that they would. Nobody
would allow such an opportunity of escalating the pains go by that easily. All
the blood and shit was washed off with seawater. And then, sure enough, salt was
rubbed into the cuts. The prisoner found renewed strength to scream again. The
captain's wife joined in the fun and to everyone's amazement; she energetically
rubbed handfuls of coarse salt into the wounds of his buttocks. She appeared to
get pleasure from that. Her pretty face laughed and her hair blew in the wind.
She rubbed and rubbed until her arms grew tired. The sailors applauded.

Late that night the captain expressed his displeasure with her conduct and
strange sounds of punishment were faintly audible form their room.

Meanwhile, the soldier had time to revive a bit, as a rope was strung between
the two main masts, about six feet above the deck. A pulley was used to tighten
the rope sufficiently to prevent it from sagging. His hands were then fastened
behind his back and he was forced to straddle the rope. A sack was tied to his
feet and four heavy cannon balls were placed in them.

Riding the rope was utter hell, even compared to the flogging. The ship pitched
and rolled and made him slide up and down the rope. The rope abraded and cut
into him. The pressure on his sensitive areas was excruciating.

Anna and the captain's wife went for a closer look. The rope was smeared with
blood.
"He is riding on his balls", exclaimed Anna. Every time the nose of the ship
pitched down, the soldier slid forward and the friction from the rope pulled his
genitals in under him. That was when his groans became the loudest. His
testicles were systematically getting crushed under him. Good, thought the
captain's wife, his balls would never bother him again.

Jan was awake late that night, thinking of the soldier who was still riding on
the rope in the dark. Then he heard Anna's bed creaking rhythmically. Some
suppressed sounds came from that direction. She was masturbating and was trying
to do it so softly that he would not hear. "So, our little Anna is still awake",
thought Jan.

The next morning the prisoner was thrown overboard, with the bag and cannon
balls tied to his feet. Anna wondered whether he had been dead or alive when
they dumped him.

--------

Eventually Table Bay came into view. The ship had reached the Cape of Good Hope.
Fresh food and vegetables would 'hopefully' be available. The Dutch were
building a halfway settlement there. The newly appointed governor of the Cape
was also named Jan, Jan van Riebeeck. Men were building a fort in the shape of a
star, with thick stone walls, to protect them from attacks form the native
Hottentots.  The main reason for the settlement was to provide fresh food and
vegetables for the company's ships.

Jan and Anna watched their ship glide gracefully into the bay. The other two
missing ships were already at anchor. They must have had better winds.  A huge
mountain loomed up on the other side of the bay. It was flat as a table, with
two smaller hills flanking it on both sides. They could understand why it was
named Table Mountain. The picturesque scenery uplifted everyone's spirit, after
seeing nothing but the sea for so long. Anchor was dropped and boats soon
arrived to take them ashore. The female convicts were left behind in their
dreadful stinking shed, with a couple of guards to look after them. They
complained bitterly.

The following day Governor Jan van Riebeeck had heard of the plight of the
convicts and ordered them to be taken ashore. He was shocked when he saw how
emaciated, filthy and full of sores they were. He gave orders that they were to
receive only the best of food and medical care.

With plenty of fresh food and fresh air, they made a remarkable recovery.
Governor Jan's obese wife, Maria, was constantly nagging him and they were not
getting on very well. He desired the company of other women for a change and
decided to hold a party. Only the convict-women and the officials would attend.
Pretty dresses and gowns were made for them and their transformation was
astounding. It turned out that they were in fact quite pretty women. One
stunning redhead with blue eyes caught Governor Jan's attention and he danced
with her the whole evening. He was quite enchanted with her. Later that night he
had sex with her and discovered that she was no longer a virgin.

The idyllic situation did not last. The ship's captain decided that it was high
time to continue their voyage to Batavia. Supplies were taken onboard. The other
two ships also got ready to depart.

The prisoners had to return to their shack. Their pretty clothes were taken from
them and they had to put on their old rags again. The redhead had hoped that Jan
van Riebeeck would somehow have taken care of her, but this did not materialize.
She was only a one-night stand.

The three ships sailed around the Cape Peninsula and headed northeast towards
Batavia.

-------

It was now six days later. The tedious journey had started all over again. The
women found it extremely difficult to adjust to the horrible shack, after the
luxury and courteous treatment that they had received at the Cape. The redhead
was stirring up a lot of trouble amongst them. She influenced some of them to
try and escape when the guards opened the gate at night. They planned to
overpower and choke the guards with the chain.

They waited for a dark night and when the gate opened, they pounced. Did they
really believe it would work?

The following morning the captain ordered the instigator to be brought before
him. The captain, his wife, Jan and his niece, Anna, were present when the
guards brought the redhead before them. The redhead begged the captain to do
something about the deplorable living conditions of the women, even if he did
not forgive her. The captain retorted that mutiny was punishable by death, but
that he would be merciful to her. She would receive only four dozen lashes with
the cat. As if reading the guards' minds, he continued that she would have no
privileges above men and would receive exactly the same sentence. The redhead
was shocked and began to cry. During the previous punishment, all the women had
heard the screams and had watched through cracks between the planks. She fully
realized what her sentence entailed.

Jan went to his room to fetch the cat. Apparently he had neglected to return it
to the storage box and now there was not much left of it. Rats! The leather had
been chewed into small pieces. The smell of old blood had probably lured them.

There was no other option, but to make a new cat from rope, in the old-fashioned
way. The big muscular sailor had made many of them before. He cut off a
five-foot length from the spare anchor rope. It was about as thick as a man's
wrist. He untwined the three main strands out of which it had been made, but
left a foot intact to serve as a handle. Each strand was further untwined into
three smaller strands. The result was a whip with nine strands. This was
actually why the cat originally only had nine tails. The sailor turned string
around each of the nine loose ends, to prevent them from fraying. He then put
the finishing touches to the handle by turning string around it. The end result
was a magnificent instrument of punishment - more brutal than the one that Jan
had brought with him.

A sailor blew on a whistle and everyone gathered on deck to witness the
punishment. The two other ships sailed closer. They also had to witness the
proceedings.

Two sailors accompanied the naked redhead. She walked awkwardly, trying to hide
her genitals with her hands. She was so pretty and radiant, really a picture of
innocence. She had perfectly formed breasts. Like most redheads, she had light
brown freckles on her shoulders and her nipples were a pale pink.

Her skin was dry and the sailors rubbed oil all over her body. The idea was to
prevent her skin form splitting too easily, when the whip kissed her. This even
made her look sexier than before. They decided to hang her by her wrists from
the yardarm, with her feet dangling freely. She would be able to dance in the
air. This would provide better entertainment for the frustrated men.

They hoisted her up, but left her within easy reach of the whip. She had a
distraught look on her face and she swayed gently in the breeze. She could no
longer hide her private parts from all the preying eyes. But soon there would be
nothing but pain.


The big sailor took his stance behind the girl. The captain reminded him that
she was a mutineer and that he had to flog her no less severely than he would
punish a man. The sailor grinned. If he could not fuck her, he would thrash the
hell out of her.

A hush came over the assembled sailors. The captain signaled for the big sailor
to commence. He drew his muscular arm far back. The woman hung with her legs
strait down and she was an easy target. With tremendous force, nine strands
connected with her beautiful round buttocks. Anna and the captain's wife were
shocked when they saw the violence of the first lash. Would they really hit a
woman this hard? Pandemonium broke loose. She screamed, kicked her legs and
contorted her body in all directions. The sailors could get a glimpse of all her
hidden parts and they cheered and whistled.

The count had started: "ONE" 

The big sailor did not wait for her movements to stop. He did not really care
where the whip struck her wriggling body next. No part of her body was out of
bounds. Nine strands spread out and once more connected with a loud crack on
virgin territory. "TWO."  Her anguished cries increased. One of the strands had
produced a red line right across her right nipple. Drops of blood oozed from
that bud.

Both the captain and Jan were satisfied that this was proper punishment that
fitted the crime. She had 48 lashes due and that was exactly what she was going
to get.

"THREE"  "FOUR"  "FIVE"  She was screaming and squirming madly by now.

"SIX"   "SEVEN"  "EIGHT"  Many of the stripes produced strings bloody pearls -
blood oozing up from the skin.

The captain's wife wondered whether a woman would be able to stand such extreme
torture. Anna was delighted with the performance. The prisoner's song and dance
was out of this world!



----  "NINETEEN"  "TWENTY"  Suddenly the screaming and movements stopped. She
had fainted.

Anna was disappointed. She said: "I hope they're not going to stop now. The best
pain has yet to come. The wounds will hurt more when the lash visits them
again."

The redhead did not escape from her punishment for long. Buckets of cold
seawater were thrown over her. She revived quickly and had to live through the
full horror of the rest of her punishment.

"TWENTY-ONE"   "TWENTY-TWO" And so it went on. She suffered every lash to its
fullest intensity. The big man did not diminish the power of his strokes and
delivered every one of them with fantastic results.

----- "FOURTY-SEVEN"   "FOURTY-EIGHT"

She was now bleeding from all of her body openings.


In the style of how they cured their meat, they rubbed salt all over her body
until she was properly pickled. This did not really help the girl. It was only
done to increase her suffering.

The flogging had ended and the spectacle was now over for the sailors. However,
the redhead's punishment did not end there. Her wounds would cause agony for
weeks to come. During the first nine days, moans and cries were heard coming
from the shack and then there was nothing. Was she better or was she dead?

The trade winds were now stronger and the ships wer making good headway towards
Batavia. Maybe the redhead's request had not been in vain. The female prisoners
received better food. They were now in superior health. In spite of that, only
twenty-seven of them were still alive. Three had died and were thrown overboard.
Their bodies had been placed in sacks and Jan did not know whether the redhead
was one of them.

After many dreary weeks without any further excitement, a sailor in the crow's
nest shouted that land was in sight. The journey was nearing its end. Jan and
his niece stood expectantly on the deck. Jan warned Anna that Batavia was a wild
country and that he had to teach her many new things. Certain practices of the
East could shock her. She doubted that.

Slowly the land came closer. Seagulls cried, as they glided over the deck.
Mountains and green forests were visible in the distance.




Part 5

New life for Anna

Jan and his niece were sitting on their trunks on the porch of the
harbormaster's house.  They were looking at the numerous ships that were
anchored in the harbor. Their sails were down and the masts had the forlorn
appearance of the naked branches of trees in a winter landscape. They were
waiting for their carriage to arrive and take them to Jan's plantation. It was
drizzling and puddles of water made the muddy road slippery. They looked at how
their ship was being unloaded. The female convicts went ashore, in chains, and
soldiers were escorting them to the newly build prison compound. Some of the
prisoners were too weak to walk and they were riding on an open wagon. They
huddled under a tattered piece of sail.

Suddenly it was raining harder. Anna thought she had perhaps caught a glimpse of
red hair on the wagon, but then she did not see it again. Maybe it had only been
her imagination.

In 1527 the sultan of Bantam changed the name the main port of their kingdom to
Djajakerta. It was on the Tjiliwung River and the town had a thriving community.
At the end of the century the Dutch arrived at this prosperous town. They
demonstrated to the local population what Christian love was all about. They
raped the women. Then they slaughtered everyone and razed the town to the
ground.  The Dutch, under Jan Pieterzoon Coen, subsequently built a walled town,
which was protected by a fortress. They called it Batavia.

By now it had grown and was the main trading hub of the East.

Anna looked at the lush vegetation, as they rode through the countryside. It was
so different from the dreary flat Dutch scenery. When they arrived at Jan's
farm, they passed through plantations of cinnamon and nutmeg trees, past
laborers who were removing the bark from cinnamon branches and rode up to the
mansion. Anna was surprised to see such an enormous house. Jan was doing quite
well for himself. That was the reason why he had quit his job in Holland and had
taken up the new position of administrator of the prison in Batavia. He had
decided to be closer to all his business ventures.

Jan was an influential and important person in Batavia. He decided to appoint
his former apprentice, Anna, to the post of head warden of the prison. She was
making good headway in life. Jan promised to teach her all the ropes of her new
position.

Jan had previously discussed the cruelty of the Chinese people with her. He
reminded her that they would soon see a lot of this in the future. The sultan
had already invited them to his palace, a short distance from Batavia

------

It was now a month later. Anna was showing much enthusiasm for her new job, but
the wardens and other officials still thought that she was too young for such an
important post. They gossiped a lot behind her back.

Three ships had arrived that day. The captain of one of them had an important
message for the superintendent of the prison. He promptly asked for a conference
with Jan. The message was from the magistrate in Amsterdam.  One of the women
had been falsely accused and she had to be released immediately. Her name was
Goverdina Anselmus. Jan was embarrassed by this news. He instructed the guards
to discharge her and take her to his house.

When they got home that afternoon, Jan and Anna immediately recognized the red
hair. Goverdina said they should just called her Govi. She was about the same
size as Anna and they went to see whether Anna had something that Govi could
wear. Govi's belly was slightly larger than Anna's. The dress that Govi put on
was bit of a tight fit.

That evening the three of them had dinner on the veranda. This was the best meal
Govi has had for a long time.

-------

The sultan had invited Jan and Anna to witness a light punishment at his palace.
This would be a sort of courtesy visit. They were invited to an evening meal
afterwards.

A group of villagers had assembled in the courtyard of the sultan's palace. They
were not only there to see the punishment, but they also received free food
handouts at such occasions. The porch was about six foot above the courtyard and
the railing between the pillars was made out of wooden posts, two above each
other. The lower one was a foot and a half above the floor and the top one was
the same distance above it. The sultan and his guests were seated on the porch.
An interpreter was translating for the visitors.

Guards brought a young woman and a man before them. Both were servants who had
erred in some stupid way. They would only receive a minor chastisement. They
were ordered to strip naked. The villagers jeered unsympathetically as the two
removed their clothes. The man and the woman were ordered to lie on their backs
next to each other, with their bottoms on the edge of the porch and their legs
90 degrees elevated against the railing. Two guards with ropes were standing in
the courtyard. They both put a rope around the upper legs of the young man and
girl, close to their hips, and pulled their lower bodies through, under the
lower bar of the railing.  This made both of the culprits fold double, with
their naked bottoms protruding over the edge of the porch. Their legs were then
tied to the railing, with ropes around the lower post and just above their knees
and their ankles were tied to the upper post. The culprits' hands were then
fastened to collars around their necks.

Anna wondered what they were going to do with four short pieces of wood with
holes in them. They looked like six-inch rulers. Each had a thick string
attached to its center. The sultan explained something in Chinese. The
interpreter translated that they would see something simple but quite effective.

The guards put a piece of wood under the toes of each foot (actually the top,
but the feet were upside down), threaded string through the holes and around
each toe. In this fashion the toes were firmly tied to the pieces of wood. They
then looped the thick strings around the lower post, pulled hard on them and
fastened them to the post. This process stretched the soles tight.

The sultan stood up and, in a load voice, declared what the punishment would be.
A hush fell over the villagers. Hundred lashes with a bamboo cane!

"Shame, not too bad after all", thought Anna. The interpreter explained their
Chinese customs. One hundred lashes would be given on the sole of each foot,
that evening. They would be left bound in that position for the night. Itching
powder would be rubbed into the bruised soles. Another hundred strokes would be
administered on each foot the next morning.

Anna asked what itching powder was made of, but the interpreter did not know. He
said that it caused more burning than itching.

Four guards each took a bamboo cane and took their stance at a foot. They waited
until the food had been served. The sultan politely invited the guests to start
eating and then gave the order for the punishment to commence.

Four bamboo canes struck the four soles simultaneously and two souls were in
agony. Both culprits squirmed and grimaced. They endured the first few minutes
in silence. The same areas on their soles were struck over and over again. The
pain escalated and soon became unbearable. Screams reverberated through the
courtyard. The sultan was enjoying his food and did not even look up at them. He
was familiar with this sort of thing.

Some of the villagers got carried away and hit the exposed bottoms, especially
the girl's, but this was not part of the plan. Somebody even inserted something
up her vagina, but her pain was so severe that she did not notice.

The guest had finished their meal almost the same time that the punishment
ended. They watched how a brown paste was rubbed into the bruised soles. After a
time lag of about two minutes, the culprits started howling again. The paste
must have contained some caustic substance. 'Itching powder' was not exactly the
right name for it. The two were still bawling when Jan and Anna left.

Jan and his niece did not attend the continuation of the punishment the next
morning. They could only guess how it must have been.

----------

Another month had gone by. Govi had enjoyed the good life and was growing
fatter. She was again fitting on some of Anna's clothes, while Anna sat in a
chair watching her. It was evident that they would have to buy new clothes for
Govi.

 "What terrible scars", thought Anna, as she looked at the other girl's back.
Govi had formed keloid all over (abnormal thickening of scar tissue). It would
be hard to find a husband with a body like that!

Suddenly they heard Jan's screams outside somewhere. They rushed outside and saw
him clutching his leg. He was sitting on the grass near the edge of the veranda.
Anna noticed two puncture marks.

Jan was dead before the doctor arrived. It must have been a large cobra.


-------------

Five years had passed, almost in the wink of an eye. Anna and Govi were sitting
on the veranda. They were watching, as the little redheaded boy played on the
lawn. The two of them were the best of friends now, sometimes even better than
friends. Neither had married. Anna had inherited all of Jan's estate. She now
possessed some ships of her own and was becoming richer by the day.

Both women were now also officially in charge of the prison. They ruled with a
feminine touch. This did not necessarily always mean a gentle touch!

The boy had been baptized as Jan Anselmus. Govi often speculated who the boy's
father could have been. She hoped that it had been the governor of the Cape, Jan
van Riebeeck. She had named the boy after him, and also after her deceased
uncle. Sometimes she had her doubts. The child did not have the delicate
features of Jan van Riebeeck.

It would be irony if both parents of the boy had suffered similar punishments,
and only the weaker of sex had survived.




Part 6

Little Jan grows up

The prison was expanding rapidly.  Ships were bringing new convicts almost every
month, men as well as women. New extensions had been added to the building and
the prison was now a formidable stone structure. Some areas were specifically
designed for specialized punishments. The dark cell was one of them. The
passages that led to it zigzagged, so that the cell would always remain in utter
darkness. Food and water were shoved through a special zigzagging chute. A
prisoner would remain in this stone cell, without sanitation, for years without
even the faintest glimmer of light. (or hope!) (Historian: I've been there. You
get a scary feeling that you are blind.) Another cell contained stone bench. The
prisoner would be chained to the bench and fed salty food. He or she would
receive no water to drink. In front of them, but out of reach, was a channel
with running water. Sometimes the prisoner was left there to die from thirst.
(Historian: I've also seen this. It's still there.)

Anna and Govi had a tough job to maintain discipline and order in the prison.
One woman convict in particular, caused too many disturbances. She was brought
before the two governesses and stood staring at them defiantly. Govi recognized
the same sort of rebellious spirit in her that she herself has had. Under no
circumstances would they allow that sort of thing to get out of hand.

Anna decided on which sentence she would receive. The prisoner would get 50
strokes with the Chinese cane, every two weeks, for a total of 500. The prisoner
was a pretty young female, with nicely rounded curves. Govi nodded in agreement.
The woman's bottom would be able to take the punishment.

Without any further delay, the guards escorted the prisoner to one of the many
punishment courtyards. Anna and Govi followed, to make certain that the
punishment was delivered properly.

The young prisoner started to cry when she saw the punishment frame, but nobody
showed any pity. The frame was made of sturdy wooden beams, almost like a large
stepladder, but with only one rung in the middle. Seen from the side, it was
like two large triangles joined with crossbeams at their points and crossbeams
in the middle of each side.

With this frame, prisoners could be stretched upright to receive floggings with
the cat or they could be bent over, for treatment with the cane.

Prison clothes were designed so that they could be easily removed. Her dress was
almost like a sack with holes for her head and arms. The guards unceremoniously
pulled it off and she was naked underneath. They used leather straps with
buckles and fastened her ankles to the bottom of the frame. Her legs were spread
far apart. She was then bent forward over the middle rung and her wrists were
fastened the rung on the other side.

One guard lewdly stoked and pinched her naked buttocks, and touched the hidden
zone between them. He demonstrated to her that she was now completely helpless
and could not protect herself in any way. Govi looked at the woman's cute and
pretty bottom and shuddered when she thought of what would soon become of it.

The Chinese cane was about six or seven feet long and almost an inch thick. It
was a horrible instrument of punishment and could do a lot of damage. A hefty
guard stood in front of the prisoner, flexed his muscles and showed the cane to
her. She cried and pleaded. Her eyes were wide with fear. She knew she was going
to get it, no matter what.

The guard took his position behind her and measured the distance. The girl
sobbed, while she was waiting for the inevitable.  She waited and waited - and
then it happened without warning. There was a loud "whoosh" and then a blinding
pain in her buttocks. The whole frame shook, as she convulsed in agony. The
guard was accustomed to the pleas and cries of prisoners and took no notice of
her screams.

Anna looked at the double ridge that had formed on the girl's buttocks. She
touched it with her forefinger, wiped off some blood, and nodded her approval.

"Whoosh" The frame shook more forcefully this time. The screams rose to a higher
pitch.

"Whoosh" 

It did not matter whether the entire prison could hear her screams. Perhaps the
whole of Batavia could hear. Everyone had to appreciate that proper justice was
meted out at the prison.

"Whoosh" 

It continued and would not stop until the last stroke had been delivered.

After the 50th stroke, her buttocks were a bit of a mess, to say the least. She
was taken back to her cell. She would not be able to sit for some time. She
scheduled to return after two weeks. The wounds would have healed sufficiently
by then, to allow her to receive fresh ones. It was her destiny to be tied to
the frame ten times.

Anna and Govi would tolerate no nonsense from any prisoner.

----------


The numerous servants at the plantation lived in constant fear. Both women were
harsh masters and did not put up with any disobedience or allow any mishaps to
happen. Usually it was Govi who punished the male servants. She had a special
liking for the job and knew just how to achieve the best results. When she
handled a cane or a whip, nobody was likely to forget it soon.

Her little redhead darling, Jan, was not spared the rod either. He was going to
be a man someday and she was not likely to spoil him. For some reason or other,
Govi hated all men.

Anna arrived home early one afternoon. She went to her bedroom to change her
clothes. A pot with stale urine was still standing under her bed. Anna did not
see it and accidentally kicked it over. Urine flowed over the floor and
disappeared between the wooden planks.  She was furious. It was the
chambermaid's job to clean it every day.

Anna ordered little Jan to stay in his room. Obediently, he went upstairs and
sat down on his bed. He was bored stiff.  There was nothing to play with in his
room. He did not understand why he had to remain there. He had done nothing
wrong and did not know why he was being punished. This happened ever so often.

After a while he heard a woman's cries. While in his room, he had often heard
men and women screaming. This time little Jan's curiosity got the better of him.
He opened the window and could just reach a branch of a nearby tree. He climbed
into it. From the top of the tree, he could plainly see what was causing the
uproar.

The chambermaid was spread-eagled on the lawn, and her hands and feet were tied
to stakes. She was naked and she had large breasts with big brown nipples. This
was the first time that he had ever seen a naked woman. (Even his mother did not
let him see her without her clothes on). Two male servants stood at the maid's
head. Anna was flogging the maid's nipples with a large wooden spoon. She
alternately aimed at the left and then at the right nipple. The maid was
screaming with her mouth wide open. After a while, Anna ordered the male
servants to urinate into the cavity. When the maid closed her mouth to avoid the
streams of urine, Anna would strike her nipples extra hard. The maid just could
not keep her mouth shut. There was a lot of sputtering and coughing in-between
the screams.

Little Jan was learning life's secret lessons. He knew nothing yet of the darker
side of human nature. Who can predict how childhood experiences would later
influence a person's life?

Little Jan was afraid to say anything, when Anna eventually let him out of his
room. There was one thing that he already knew quite well, and that was how much
a wooden spoon could hurt.

He was ushered into his room again, an hour before sunset. His mother had
arrived home by then and he could tell that something had upset her. Shortly
thereafter, he heard the muffled cries of a man. He climbed into the tree again.

One of the servants was tied to two of the stakes. He was naked and was folded
double. The left hand and foot was tied to one stake and the other hand and foot
was tied to the other stake. Anna was sitting on the man's face and her two
hands were pulling his testicles out of the way. Govi was vigorously attacking
the man's anus with the wooden spoon. Her red head bobbed up and down, as she
rapidly and repeatedly struck the sensitive hole. The tortured figure was
jerking and convulsing. Anna continued to ride on his face. Every now and then
the servant's balls slipped from her fingers and accidentally got in the way of
the spoon. A spasm then went through the victim and a loud groan emerged from
under Anna's dress. She grabbed the balls and pulled them back, while Govi
continued with her rapid-fire strokes on the same target. Both women's faces
were flushed with excitement. They continued until the sun set. They were
satisfied that the servant would not give them any shit for some time.

Little Jan was glad that he had never been so bad that his mother had to punish
him like this.

------

Anna was an intelligent and erudite woman. She regularly read a lot and owned
many books, one of which was a thick leather medical textbook by Ambrosius
Paree. It had been one of her uncle Jan's books. She did not know where he got
it from, but it was one of her favorites.

Some time later, the sultan invited the officials of the prison to witness the
execution of two traitors. Anna and Govi journeyed to the sultan's palace and
were accompanied once more to the infamous porch. This time it would be a rapid
affair and no meal was offered.

The two traitors were both young women. They had long black hair and their faces
were terror-stricken. The usual crowd of spectators had gathered in the
courtyard. Anna now noticed that the two stone pillars, which were on both sides
of the steps that lead up to the veranda, both had vertical grooves in them. A
thick plank with two semi-circular cutouts was wedged in the grooves between the
two pillars. She immediately understood the purpose of the plank. On the side of
the porch, short pieces of wood extended from the plank at 90-degrees, on both
sides of each cutout. This reminded her of the yoke that was put on oxen when
pulling a wagon.

The women were stripped naked and their necks were forced onto the plank and in
the cutouts. They were facing up and their heads were on the side of the porch.
A second plank with similar cutouts was moved down in the grooves and secured to
the bottom one, firmly securing both women between the two planks. The shorter
pieces of wood on both sides of the women's heads prevented them from turning.
The women were then tied by their long hair to hooks at the bottom of the
planks. This extended their heads backwards. Their heads were now completely
immobilized, while their bodies on the other side were free to move. The top
plank was broad enough to prevent them from reaching their faces with their
hands. The crowd would not see their heads, only their naked bodies.

Two large kettles were standing on a brazier with glowing coals. Stinking fumes
came out of the spouts. The interpreter explained that the kettles contained
boiling wax. On a signal of the sultan, two guards each used a piece of cloth to
pick up the hot kettles. They then slowly poured the scalding wax over the
women's foreheads. The women screamed and their bodies thrashed about, to the
delight of the spectators. Boiling wax was then poured down their throats. They
choked and tried to close their mouths again. When hot wax next flowed into
their eyes, they again opened their mouths to scream. Copious amounts of boiling
wax were poured down their throats and noses. They did not survive this ordeal
for long.

Anna and Govi were horrified by the brutal Chinese torture. It reminded Anna of
something that she had read, of how in Roman times, a prisoner had been
stretched on the rack for ten days and was then killed by pouring molten bronze
into his ear.

-----------

As the years went by, little Jan grew taller and stronger. He was now 13 years
old and he was fast becoming a man.  He didn't resemble the former governor of
the Cape, Jan van Riebeeck, one bit. Anna was now certain that the scoundrel of
a soldier, who had raped Govi, must have ejaculated after all. She was convinced
that only he could have been little Jan's real father. She did not share those
thoughts with Govi.

Little Jan, nonetheless, was a bright boy. He quickly learnt to read and write
and made good progress with his Latin lessons.

One day. he heard the servants discussing the sultan's use of the ancient method
of 'Death by a Thousand Cuts.' He was determined to see that for himself, when
he was big.

He loved to read Anna's books and he devoured the medical textbook. In the
middle of the book was a sketch of a skeleton that was leaning on a shovel. The
skeleton had an anguished look on his face. This was how little Jan experienced
life and he frequently looked at it with empathy.


Here is the head of that woeful skeleton:



With flowery strokes of his quill, little Jan signed his name below the
skeleton:



Joannus (Latin for Jan) Anselmus, Anno domini  (the year of the Lord) 1668.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Historian


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





