BDSM Library - Beating Off




Beating Off
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A man masturbates, while fantasizing about his wife and another man.
Beating Off


My wife is out shopping with a girl friend.

 I'm laying in our bed.  I'm on my back, and I'm naked.  My feet are pulled up,
close to my ass, and my legs are spread.  My right hand is gently stroking up
and down the length of my cock.  My left hand is cupping my balls, and then
tickling them, cupping and tickling.

I begin to visualize my wife with a man, a prior neighbor of ours.  My wife
detested him.  Andy was a beer guzzling, red-necked hick.  Mary detested him,
both for his crudity and because of the way he treated his wife, Laura.  Laura
was a sweetheart, good-natured, friendly, always helpful to her neighbors, and a
conscientious mother.  Andy treated her like shit.  He would go off on fishing
and hunting trips with some of his other good ol' boy buddies, leaving Laura
with all the responsibility of taking care of the kids.  Whatever he wanted, was
the law.  If he wanted to buy a motorcycle, or boat, no problem.  But he doled
out the money sparingly to his wife.  But what Mary really hated about him was
how he left Laura alone frequently, going off on jaunts.  Mary felt that Andy
used his wife like a servant, not a marriage partner.  "Detested" is too mild a
word.  I think Mary really hated Andy.

Now my hands begin to move faster on my own body, because I imagine I have
talked Mary into letting Andy fuck her, with me watching.  She agrees only after
I persuade her that it will be an ultimate proof of her love for me.

I have always wanted to see what Mary would look like while she's being fucked
by another man. 

There was a time earlier in our marriage when we were separated.  Mary had
sexual relations with several men during those months.  I have had uncontrolled
images in my mind of what Mary did with these men, and I'm referring to the
specifics:  how did she fondle their cocks, what did their cocks look like, what
did she look like with her mouth around their pulsating knobs?  And then there
were the things they did to her, to her tits, her nipples, her labia, her
clitoris, her vagina, her anus...

After we were back together again, I would ask her for details when we were in
bed, but she never wanted to talk about them.  But my imagination never stopped
producing those images, images which caused me an excruciating jealousy, but a
jealousy which also made my cock throb.

And now I'm beating off, picturing her with Andy.  I imagine I've told Andy I
need to talk to him about something important.  Once he's in our house, I ask
him if he would like to fuck my wife.  He agrees, of course.  I call out to
Mary, and she comes out of the bedroom. 

She's wearing a thin, yellow cotton dress.  And I mean thin:  you can see
through the dress material that she has no bra.  The shape of her tits are
visible, and her nipples are poking lewdly through the material.  There's no
panty line, either.

Mary goes up to Andy, who is sitting on the couch.  She stands in front of him. 
He looks over at me questioningly.

"She's all yours, Andy.  Go ahead and feel her tits, or feel under her dress. 
Mary didn't' think she should be wearing a bra or panties, she wants to make it
easy for you to fuck her," I say mockingly.

Mary is humiliated as she stands before this man she hates.  She closes her
eyes, as he reaches up and begins to squeeze and knead her tits.  She grimaces
as he squeezes her hard, with his large, callused hands.  She suddenly groans as
he begins pulling out her nipples.

I continue to stroke my cock, but slow the motion. I don't want to come yet, the
image of Mary being used is too wonderful to bring to a speedy conclusion.  My
cock couldn't possibly get any harder than it is right now, and it's beginning
to leak at the slit.

Andy takes his hands away from my wife's tits.  He stands up and pulls her dress
over her head, and tosses it on the floor.  My wife is now standing nude in
front of this man she finds so despicable, nude and available for his use.  He
now starts to fondle her tits, reveling in the feel of her naked flesh after
having first sampled it through her dress.

Mary is beginning to breathe deeply, as Andy continues to play with her tits. 
Then he leans over, and starts sucking on her nipples, first one and then the
other.  He makes loud slurping and sucking noises.  Mary blushes at both the
sounds he's making and at the feel of his lips sucking hungrily at her now
distended nipples.  She arches her back, unconsciously, obviously to thrust her
nipples more deeply in to the mouth of this man she no longer seems to hate so
much.  My wife is submitting to Andy, she can't help herself.

I'm beginning to breathe more rapidly and deeply, and have to momentarily
distance myself from the image of my wife letting Andy use her body.  I continue
to stroke my cock slowly.  I spread my legs even further apart.  I sit up a
little, to look at the image of myself in the mirror at the foot of our bed.  My
cock looks enormous to me, though I know it's not.  My hairy balls look gross,
and the sight turns me on.  I can see my anus underneath my balls.  I'll soon be
putting it to use, to further my pleasure, but my mind now drifts back to Mary
and Andy.

Now I see them having moved to our bedroom.  I'm sitting on the settee at the
foot of our bed.  Andy is between my wife's legs.  He's playing with her pussy. 
I see his fingers search out her clitoris.  Mary groans, and arches her back. 
The whore is surrendering shamelessly to her tormentor, to this man I had to
practically force her to fuck!

"Oh, God," she begins moaning, over and over. 

Andy is grinning, he's toying with my sluttish wife, he's making her moan, and
making her thrust her now glisteningly wet pussy against his fingers.

"Spread your legs further, babe, and pull 'em way back," he tells Mary.

She grabs her legs just above and behind her knees, and pulls them back, as far
back as she can.  My wife is spread wide open, so that the man between her legs
can do whatever he wants.  My wife is in a lewd, obscene position, groaning and
making mewling sounds as Andy continues to tease her.  And that's what he's
doing, he's demonstrating his crude male power over her helpless female need to
submit.

Andy now put a finger into her gaping anus, plunging it deeply inside. I see him
begin to rotate it within her rectum.  Mary is moaning loudly, uncontrollably,
her ass and pussy moving in response to Andy's teasing fingers.

"Please, fuck me, Andy, please, I need your hairy cock inside me, please,
please..." my wife begs her tormentor.

I watch from behind, as Andy gets on his knees between my beautiful wife's legs. 
He continues to play with her clitoris, and she continues to moan and beg for
his cock.  Her surrender and submission is total.  All she wants in the world is
to have Andy fuck her.

I'm getting ready, I know it's only a minute or two before I come.  But I can't
get enough of the image of Mary and Andy.

Andy puts his hands under my wife's ass, and flips her over onto her stomach. 
He pushes her knees forward, so her ass is elevated.  He reaches down underneath
Mary, puts his hands under her tits, and pulls her up, so she's on her hands and
knees. 

I begin to stroke my cock with a firmer grasp, as I picture my wife on her hands
and knees, waiting for Andy to fuck her from behind. 

Andy puts his hands under Mary's hanging tits, and begins squeezing them,
eliciting groans from her. 

"Grab my cock, and put it inside you, slut."

Mary moans and reaches behind her with both hands.  She holds his cock, and then
guides it into her dripping vagina.

I'm having a hard time breathing.  I continue to play with myself with my right
hand.  I put the index finger of my left hand into my anus.  I put it deeply
inside, deep enough that I find where I can feel my prostrate.  It makes me feel
like I'm going to come, just from the touch of my finger.  I rotate my finger
around and around where my prostrate is.  My finger is so deep inside my rectum,
that I feel that I may shit, right down past my finger.

I turn back to Mary and Andy.  Andy is thrusting vigorously inside my wife,
still kneading her hanging tits.  My wife is now moaning and crying out.  Andy
starts grunting loudly, plunging more deeply into my wife with each thrust. 
Mary's cries get louder, Andy's animalistic grunts almost drowning her out. 

They come, together, Mary crying out, in pitiful surrender, moving her ass back
to meet Andy's cock.

My hand is now stroking my cock furiously, my finger is pushing hard within my
rectum against my prostrate. 

The sperm explodes out of my slit, covering my hairy crotch and my thighs in
its' sticky substance.

I sigh deeply...

The images linger, however. I keep seeing the beer belly of Andy, and his balls,
slapping against my wife's ass, as he fucks her, and forces her submission to
his male organ and strength and dominance.  And I keep hearing her cries, as he
thrusts into her, playing with her tits...  

Mary will be gone for awhile today.  I know that soon I will be coming up with
another of my fantasy images of my wife.  I have an entire storehouse...




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Mike B


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





