BDSM Library - My Boss, My Slave




My Boss, My Slave
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A secretary "persuades" her boss to submit to being her part-time slave. (Written from the point of view of the secretary, although the author identifies more with the slave!)
My Boss, My Slave

by "Des Mios"



Part 1: Beginnings

As bosses go, John isn't a bad guy. He's an investment consultant in the
sharebroking firm I work for. I'm merely a member of the secretarial pool with
five other girls, but as it happens he gives most of his work to me and we have
always got along very well indeed. So much so, in fact, that I know the other
girls suspect that John and I are lovers.

Which is not true! Not strictly, anyway. More precisely, it's not the whole
truth - the whole truth would give the girls a fit if they knew. While John is
still my boss at work, as of last weekend in our own time I am his Mistress and
he's my bondage slave!

It all started about two weeks ago when I had to find something in John's desk,
as he was out of town. Glancing at one sheet of paper I had unearthed, I
suddenly realised that it was evidence of some very unethical share dealings
that John must have been involved in.

I thought for a while, wondering what to do about this (I knew it could mean
serious trouble for him), then decided that I liked him too much to "spill the
beans". Just in case there was more evidence, I looked in some more drawers and
discovered something completely different - a glossy "Female Domination"
magazine!

I could hardly believe my eyes! I have long been interested in sexual bondage
and discipline games, and my private fantasy has always been to "own" a
submissive male slave; on a few occasions I have hinted at this to a current
boyfriend, but none of them has even agreed to try it. Now I had a golden
opportunity to make my wish come true.

So early last week, after some careful planning, I confronted John in his office
with the words: "I have some documents relating to your dealings in certain
shares."

John looked hard at me for a long time, then he said: "OK. I should have
destroyed them. I guess you want money to keep your mouth shut - how much?"

"Not money," I replied with a smile, "something much more interesting - I also
found a certain magazine in your desk."

Another long pause. "I have been careless, haven't I?" he said ruefully, "So
what do you want?"

I let him have it straight: "I want you to be my bondage slave next weekend. Yes
or no?"

He thought for a moment; I could almost feel his excitement rising, and I
guessed his pants were bulging under his desk. "Yes", he replied quietly.

"OK", I said coolly, "Stay here after work Friday afternoon. I'll stay back too,
and you'd better be prepared to obey my orders without question!"

------------------------------------

Friday afternoon arrived. I waited until everybody else had gone, then strode
into John's office. "On your feet!" I ordered crisply.

He obeyed smartly. I looked him up and down for a few seconds: "You've got one
minute to strip naked!" He blushed, saw that I meant it, and began removing his
clothes. His body, as he bared it to my gaze, was tanned and muscular, and his
excitement was obvious in the hardness of his handsome prick.

"Now your wrists together." I snapped a pair of steel handcuffs on his wrists,
and standing on the desk behind him, tied the attached cord to the solid light
fitting in the ceiling.

The initial moment was over. My prisoner was helpless, his naked torso stretched
taut and totally available to me. I must confess I gloated a little as I took
the incriminating documents out of my purse and showed them to him. He grinned
ruefully, but gave no sign of anger - he was a true submissive, I decided, and
was really enjoying himself hugely!

For about ten minutes I lectured my captive, telling him precisely what I
expected of him and giving him some idea of what would happen to him. At last I
said: "I'll leave you for a while to think it over. When I come back, you'll
have just one opportunity to call this off... but if you don't take it, you're
mine for the weekend!"

I went out and checked that we were alone in the building, taking the precaution
of locking a few strategic doors. Then I took a few papers to my car in the
basement and returned with some other items of equipment.

Not a word was said. I simply held a large rubber ball-gag in front of John's
face and paused for a moment. He looked me in the eye - and obediently opened
his mouth wide! Next I padlocked leather cuffs, joined by an 18-inch chain, on
his ankles and fitted a metal cock-ring firmly about the base of his still
rampant prick. Untying the cord from the ceiling and refastening his wrists
behind him, I passed the cord between his legs, through the cock-ring and back
to knot it firmly between his cuffed wrists.

Finally I packed his clothes into an overnight bag, clipped a dog leash to the
front of the cock-ring, and with a little tug led my slave out of the room.

I could see the shock on his face as he realised I was taking him, stark naked
and shackled, where someone might see. "Exciting, isn't it?" I murmured, "What
if the boss comes?" His reply was a stifled gurgle behind the gag.

As I forced my hobbled captive to the basement garage, he stared fearfully at
each door we passed. But I had taken reasonable precautions, and we weren't
disturbed - and soon I had him seated in the passenger seat of my car. His arms
were tied around the back of the seat and the cord tied under it to his
ankle-chain. The leash I padlocked to the passenger's safety handle.

"Let's hope we're not stopped or anything," I said cheerfully as we drove off,
"I wonder what people would say if they saw you like this!" The look of dismay
on my prisoner's face gave me an enormous thrill of power.

When we arrived at my home, a renovated old cottage in a quiet suburb, I
immediately gave John a taste of the tight bondage he could expect for the next
two days. Leading him inside by means of his cock-leash, I soon had him trussed
on widely-stretched knees with the edge of a coffee-table pressing into his
ass-cheeks and his arms pulled back and apart to opposite corners, arching his
body into some discomfort. Then I went to change and make some preparations for
dinner.

I returned wearing a long red dressing gown, which set off my long blonde hair
beautifully, and high-heeled slippers. The effect was dramatic - John's cock
sprang to rigid attention as the front of the gown fell open slightly to reveal
a glimpse of red bikini pants and bra barely containing my full firm breasts.
Then his eyes opened wide when I brought from behnd my back a large black
leather paddle!

"Well," I smiled, looking at his erect prick, "saluting its Mistress, eh?
Perhaps it's time for you to show what you think of me!" I removed the gag and
untied his wrists, then stood in front of him and extended one foot.

My slave got the idea and immediately bowed and began kissing my foot. I kept
him at it for about ten minutes, allowing him to reach just below my knees,
tantalising him with glimpses of the delights beyond. His upthrust bum- cheeks
gave me an idea, and I decided to test his tolerance for `discipline'.

"OK, that's enough!" I ordered, "Now you realise that I've just granted you a
great privilege, slave, and privileges must be earned. You will earn yours by
asking me to spank your ass with this paddle, two or five strokes at a time, and
when you think you've had enough you will thank me nicely... and if you stop
short of what I think you should get, you'll get double the difference! I'll
leave you a few minutes to think it over."

I went to the kitchen and put two TV dinners into the oven, then returned to my
slave. "Right, let's begin!"

There was a gulp from the floor, then "Please ... give me ... five strokes,
Mistr... OUCH!" as the first one landed flush on the temptingly available
cheeks. I didn't stint, and kept my prisoner guessing by varying the interval
between strokes. His ass was cherry-red and he was whimpering a little after 26
strokes, when he said, "Thank you very much, Mistress, but please... that's
enough!"

I had expected him to take about 20, but I swished the paddle loudly past him
just for effect! Then I said brightly, "OK, slave, time for something to eat!
Hands behind your back."

With handcuffed wrists connected to shackled ankles, my slave had to follow me
on his knees to the kitchen. I ate my meal sitting at the table, and I allowed
John to `beg' for his, dropping some on the floor for him eat doggy- fashion. He
was a bit of a mess when we finished, so I took him into the bathroom, padlocked
a chain from his cock-ring to a faucet and ordered him to take a shower.

"I need a bath too," I said when he had finished, "but it won't do for a mere
slave to see his Mistress naked, will it?" and I proceeded to put a complete
rubber helmet over his head, fastening it with a padlock at the back.

The bath was unforgettably erotic. My slave - naked, blind, deaf and dumb - had
to kneel and wash my lush body by touch alone. As his hands moved over my ripe
firm breasts, my flat belly and down over my pussy, his prick got harder and
harder until I thought it would burst!

Afterwards I made him dry me in the same way, then led him into the bedroom,
where I tied him on his knees, his helmeted face just at the edge of the bed and
his arms pulled together and up behind him. After opening the mouth-hole of the
helmet, I lay down and pushed my hot thatch against his lips.

He got the message and immediately went to work. He knew what he was doing, too,
because his busy tongue and lips soon had me writhing in ecstasy. I must have
come at least three times before I moved away, closed the helmet and lay bathed
in sweat and contentment.

Later, as I arrranged my still helmeted slave to sleep on the floor chained to
the leg of my bed, I opened one of the ear-holes and whispered, "That was nice,
slave ... I think I might keep you!"

Next morning I roused my slave, who was a little stiff from his night on the
floor, fitted cuffs and short chains on his wrists and ankles and sent him off
bring me breakfast in bed. While waiting, I amused myself by making exciting
plans for the day ahead.

It was sheer luxury to lie in bed and eat breakfast served by a naked shackled
slave. Afterwards I sent him off again to tidy up the kitchen while I dressed. I
decided to wear tight white shorts and a brief halter top, with sandals, because
it was a beautiful day and I wanted to get some sun.

I was carrying a riding-crop when I went to inspect my slave at his chore. The
kitchen was cleaner than I expected, so I said, "OK slave, it's a lovely day for
doing some gardening - but since you're my slave for this weekend, guess who'll
be doing the work!"

John showed signs of nervousness (understandably, I guess) when I told him to
follow me out into the garden, naked and shackled as he was. But I insisted,
using the crop to `persuade' him, and he soon realised the garden was very
secluded and it was extremely unlikely that anyone would see him.

First I made my slave put out a deck-chair in the sun for me to lounge in, then
I adjusted his shackles, allowing him some more freedom of movement for the
chores I had for him. "I don't think it's necessary for me to confine you with a
leash," I said. "After all, you can't remove those shackles and if you want to
wander into the street the way you are - you're welcome! Now to work..."

I spent a lovely lazy morning soaking up the sun, reading a novel and making
plans for the rest of the weekend, while John slaved away (pardon the pun!) at
the chores I gave him. After completing each one, he had to return to my side
and wait at attention for further orders; sometimes I simply ignored him for ten
minutes or so before bothering to reply, or else I merely told him to get down
on his knees while I was thinking, and once I just held out a bottle of suntan
oil and turned over ... and he obediently anointed my almost bare back and
thighs (with predictable results to the state of his prick!).

My slave had done practically everything that needing doing in the garden by
about 1 pm, so I threw together a light snack and brought it out to him. John
had to serve me with the food and wine, so that I literally didn't have to lift
a finger! Afterwards I told him that I was pleased with his work and that he
deserved a siesta. He thanked me and lay back in the warm sunshine - but before
I settled down for my own nap I padlocked his ankle-chain to a convenient strong
fence post ("...just in case you get any naughty ideas in your dreams!" I
grinned).

A little later I woke suddenly, conscious of movement nearby; it was my slave,
using his cuffed hands to stroke his rampant cock!

"Stop that, slave!" I said sternly, "You ought to know you need my permission to
play with yourself!"

He obeyed, but immediately began to plead. "Oh please, Mistress, let me! It's so
exciting being your slave - I just have to bring myself off! Please?"

I considered for a moment. "OK," I agreed, "but you'll have to earn it. In fact,
I'll either let you bring yourself off, or I'll do it with my hands or perhaps
even with my mouth - depending on how many strokes with my crop you can take. Of
course, I won't tell you what your target numbers are - you'll just have to
guess how generous I am! Now, how shall we tie you for this?..."

A handy branch gave me an idea. Ordering my slave to stand with his back to it
and his arms thrown over it, I tied a strong cord tightly from one wrist, around
his waist and to the other wrist. When I then bound his legs together
tailor-fashion (with a rope to his waist too), he was suspended from the branch
and swung gently to and fro.

I made John ask for each stroke, and the sight of his naked body swaying with
the force of each blow was very exciting. I was mentally licking my lips to get
his beautiful big prick in my mouth, but I had other plans for that later, so I
decided to make it quite hard for him to earn the use of my mouth. Eventually he
begged me to stop after 17 good cuts with the crop, and I said with a grin, "Not
bad, slave - you've earned the use of my hand, but you may have to be tougher to
earn my mouth, eh?"

Settling myself comfortably below his suspended body, I reached up to his cock,
which was already quite hard. Slowly and teasingly I stroked it, tickled and
pinched it, bringing my helpless prisoner to the brink of orgasm several times
before at last allowing his huge purple member to spurt its come over the grass.
He moaned with the pleasure of his release, and sagged in his bonds.

All this had naturally made me very horny too; and after thinking for a moment I
hit on a great idea to get some pleasure myself. I released my captive and after
allowing him a few moments to get his circulation back, I ordered him to swing
up on the same branch and hang by his knees; then I quickly tied his ankles to
his wrists behind his back, and he was hanging helplessly, his head a few inches
above the ground.

I blindfolded him ("Slaves mustn't see their Mistress' body, remember?") and
moments later I was lying naked in the grass with my thatch pressed hungrily to
my slave's inverted mouth. Just by swinging his hanging torso, I could move his
obedient lips and tongue from my pussy to my tits and nipples and back across my
smooth flat belly.

It wasn't easy for him, working to bring me off while the blood was rushing to
his head, but after all, what is a slave for? - his Mistress' pleasure, even at
the expense of his own comfort, right? In fact, I know he enjoyed it, because
above me I could see his cock getting hard again, pointing right at my face.
"Just you wait until tonight, you big purple thing!" I thought, and the thought
set off my first climax.

My pleasure-slave gave me two more orgasms, then I let him down and tied him
loosely but securely while we had another forty winks. I didn't bother to dress
(so John was left blindfolded - I wanted to keep up the `rules' of my fantasy),
and I dozed off luxuriating in the sensation of warm sunshine on my naked body.

It was getting cooler when I awoke, so I roused my sleeping slave and led him
back indoors, still blindfolded so that he couldn't see my nakedness - not yet,
anyway! I slipped into a robe, then led him into the kitchen and put him to work
preparing our dinner. Under my guidance he managed to produce a delicious meal;
and meanwhile I laid my plans for the rest of the evening.

For dinner I dressed in a low-cut black evening gown, slit up the side to well
above the knee. While my naked slave, shackled and handcuffed, served me my
dinner, I kept letting the skirt fall open to display a generous view of my
thigh, and watched the interesting reaction of John's cock. He ate his dinner
standing in the kitchen, but I'm sure he enjoyed it almost as much as I did.

After dinner I told John to leave the dishes until the morning and led him into
the lounge where I had set up a portable typewriter and dictation machine on a
low table. I laughed at John's mystified expression and explained: "I have some
dictation to be typed by Monday - but I can't see why I need to do it when my
slave can do it for me, wouldn't you agree?"

John didn't quite believe me until I had him tied to my liking, kneeling on the
floor in front of the typewriter, ankles firmly tied to his thighs and knees
spread wide. I reclined sensuously on the couch opposite, grinned at John as the
inevitable happened to his prick, and offered him some incentives: "For every
page you type without mistakes, I'll take off one item of clothing; who knows,
you might get to see me naked, and beyond that I may offer further rewards. On
the other hand, every page that needs retyping will cost you penalties in whip
strokes or time in bondage. OK, you better get on with it, slave!"

My captive was no trained typist, but he was better than the two-finger
`hunt-and-peck' variety, and before long I had doffed my dress, both stockings
and bra, leaving only my black satin briefs. Of course, I enjoyed this stripping
in front of my slave as much as he did, and made no attempt to hide my charms;
"Are you being distracted by my body, slave?" I teased as I made certain my full
breasts were always in view, and occasionally I `absent- mindedly' fondled their
firm nipples as I checked some of John's work, and draped my lush body along the
couch and smiled seductively while he typed. When he produced the next
error-free page, I made him pull my briefs down over the curves of my thighs -
and I thought his prick would burst!

Whether through distraction or tiredness (or both), John began to make more
errors. I promised that the next perfect page would earn him "the best blow-job
you've ever had!", and perhaps he was trying a bit too hard! His `penalties'
began to mount up and after a while I took pity on him - I had already decided
that I really wanted to keep my new slave and I felt perhaps that he might need
some incentive to agree. So when he produced a page that was almost perfect, I
overlooked the few errors and said, "OK slave, you've earned it - that's enough
for tonight."

I handcuffed his wrists before releasing his legs, then let him relax and wait
for the circulation to return while I made some preparations in the bedroom. On
my return I led my slave into the bathroom where he soaped my nude body under
the shower (with his eyes open this time!) and dried me off, then showered
himself.

As I led my slave into the bedroom, his rigid cock showed clearly how excited he
was getting, and I must admit that I was pretty turned on myself and the sight
of that engorged organ only worked me up more. My hands were slightly unsteady
as I arranged him on the bed, face up with his hips raised by a pillow, his
ankles tied together with a rope leading to the foot of the bed, his wrists
strapped behind his back and another rope from his shoulders to the bedhead,
stretching his naked body a little. Then the fun began!

I knelt on the bed and as slowly as possible began to excite my helpless naked
slave, stroking and caressing, nibbling and licking at his nipples, but hardly
touching his rock-hard prick. Then I moved over him, positioning my wet pussy
over his mouth as I bent to take his large cock into mine. He co- operated
eagerly, and his tongue and teeth and lips brought me to climax twice within a
few minutes - I must have been excited!

Steadily I continued to build up his excitement, leaning down occasionally to
rub his purple member with my hard nipples. I also stretched out full length on
his naked captive body, so that my smooth firm tits pressed against his flesh
and my belly and pussy were pushed right into his face. My captive, of course,
couldn't contribute much movement, while I gradually increased my tempo,
watching for the signs to show he was close to orgasm. Then I began to suck
rapidly and hard, swallowing his rampant cock deeper and deeper, and (to remind
my slave of his status) gripped his nipples and pinched them hard! He let out a
long wail of ecstasy and I felt his come spurt deep into my throat.

I sucked for a minute or so while he came down to earth, then presented my pussy
again to his mouth while I dried his spent organ gently with a towel. The touch
of his clever tongue was enough to give me another climax (my sixth for the
day!), and I was contentedly weary when I settled down for sleep beside my
prisoner, still bound but with the pillow now under his head.

"Thank you, my wonderful Mistress, for giving me such pleasure", I heard him
whisper several times before sleep overtook us both.

After such a busy day I woke very late on Sunday morning, and found my slave
still asleep beside me. I lay for a while looking at his handsome naked body,
still trussed firmly to the bed. By the way he reacted yesterday, I thought,
there's a very good chance he'll be willing to be my slave even after this
weekend. I began to make my plans for the day....

A little later I woke John and sent him (when he had got over some stiffness) to
prepare some food while I dressed. Today I decided to wear my most obvious
domination outfit - mini-skirt and tight bra in studded black leather with black
patent boots laced snugly up to my knees.

We ate a leisurely brunch, for which I allowed my slave to sit at table with me
- of course, his `status' was still quite clear, naked as he was with short
chains between wrist and ankle cuffs and with his cock-ring padlocked to his
chair. I kept our conversation neutral until we were almost finished, then
reminded John that he owed a number of `penalties' from last night and perhaps
he should "pay some of his debts". He paled slightly but replied humbly, "As you
wish, Mistress".

It was cooler than the day before, with no sunshine, so I led my captive into
the garage, which contained a few items easily adaptable to administering
punishment. His first `payment' was made by being tied over a narrow `horse' and
receiving twelve sharp cuts with a cane across his buttocks and upper thighs. He
took them pretty well, but the last few brought some small moans.

Next I tied him sitting astride the same `horse' with his ankles drawn up behind
him and joined to his tightly bound arms. He stayed like that for about an hour
while I made some quite elaborate arrangements; these completed, I released his
ankles but immediately tied each of them with rope to opposite walls. It wasn't
hard for him to guess what was coming when I untied his arms and fastened his
wrists to ropes passing through two pulleys I had fixed high on the walls above
the ankle ropes!

I pulled on the ropes one at a time, gradually stretching his arms up and out
until they took his weight and his crotch lifted off the `horse'. Tying the
ropes off, I slid the `horse' from between his legs and stood back to observe
the effect; my helpless slave suspended about a foot off the floor, his legs and
arms spreadeagled very widely and every inch of his naked body available for my
pleasure!

For a few moments I `inspected' my captive, walking around him, running my
fingernail along the tender stripes on his bum-cheeks, pinching his nipples,
until I'm sure he was wondering what would happen next. Then I stood in front of
him and said, "OK John, I have a few things to say. You've kept your part of our
bargain, and I've enjoyed myself very much. Now..." - I produced the papers that
had led to all of this - "... don't you think it would be a good idea for me to
burn these?"

"Yes please", he replied. "Yes please... what?" I snapped, "Remember you're
still my slave until this evening!"

"Yes please, Mistress", came the humble request, and in a few moments the
incriminating papers were a tiny heap of ashes.

"Right," I said, "that's my side of the bargain. I've got that over with because
I want to ask you another question before the weekend is over. I suspect that
you've enjoyed being my slave almost as much as I have..." - John nodded eagerly
- "so... I'm giving you the chance to be my permanent slave, under the following
conditions..."

I talked for about an hour, giving him a brief outline of what I had in mind -
how often he would visit me, how he would treat me at the office, the `rules' he
would have to learn, and what treatment he could expect from me -the punishments
for disobedience, the rewards for good behaviour, the discipline "for just being
a slave".

"Well John", I finished, "are you willing to continue as my slave?"

His answer wasn't hard to predict - after all, his cock had been rock-hard most
of the time I'd been talking! "Yes Mistress," he said, "please make me your
permanent slave!"

"OK," I replied, "you've got the job, and your training begins NOW!"

I enjoyed myself tremendously the rest of that afternoon - and so, in a way, did
my slave. I began by testing his tolerance to whipping and caning on various
parts of his naked body - for example, the cane on his bum, thighs and belly, a
three-foot leather whip on his back and around his waist, and another smaller
`cat-o-nine-tails' on his chest or anywhere - which was why I had tied him the
way he was.

Later I released him from his suspension and spent some time on what I called
"basic training", introducing the simple commands I wanted him to learn, and how
he should stand, kneel, crawl, kiss my feet, and so on. Finally I told him he
also needed training in giving me pleasure; I tied him kneeling with his head
bent back and inserted in his mouth a gag which had a large imitation prick
protruding from it. Then I straddled his head and for at least an hour taught
him how I wanted to be fucked - he did quite well, although he earned a few cuts
with my crop when he didn't obey my instructions precisely enough.

I had two climaxes before my `training session' ended, and the feelings of power
over my humble grovelling slave were very gratifying and exciting too. On his
part, John was almost constantly excited, his large cock standing out like a
flagpole, but I didn't allow him the pleasure of coming - "When in training a
slave must keep his mind on his lessons", I teased.

John spent the drive home last night hogtied on the back seat of my car. I drove
into the garage of his house, went inside for a minute, then returned and
removed the strap between his wrist and ankle cuffs.

"I'm going home now," I said, "I'll call you later to tell you where I've hidden
the keys to your cuffs. See you at the office tomorrow, `boss'!" Chuckling at
the startled look on his face, I started my car and drove off.

On the way home I pictured my naked slave hobbling into his house to wait for my
call, wrists still handcuffed behind his back.

I've decided to keep a diary of the fun I have with my slave: this will be the
first entry, and I'll call yesterday `Day 1'.



Go on to Part 2




My Boss, My Slave

by "Des Mios"



Part 2: Extracts from the Mistress' Diary

One day during the next week:

Today my boss/slave and I had the first of our `bondage dictations'!

(I had insisted that at least once a week John must call me into his office and
dictate a letter - among others, if he wishes - addressed to "M", describing in
detail his reactions to a bondage `session' or some ideas for future sessions or
in fact anything that might be relevant to our Mistress/slave relationship.
Also, he must then obey exactly every command I give.)

John had dictated other letters to me earlier this week, but it was obvious from
his excited breathing that this would be 'the one'! I pretended not to notice,
and he began; "Dear M," he said and paused, waiting for me to say something, but
I just looked up enquiringly until he cleared his throat and continued, "I, your
humble slave, wish to thank you for the honour of entering your service last
weekend. I hope that you ..."

"Open your fly and take out your cock," I interrupted quietly without even
looking up. John hesitated, but when I looked up sharply he obeyed. I handed him
the end of a piece of strong cord and said, "Tie that around its base, then put
a loop just below its head - and make them tight! Continue the letter."

"I .. hope that you will want to have me as your slave for a long time," John
went on as he obeyed my instructions, "and I will try very hard to be a good
slave to please you..." A sentence or so later I tugged hard on the cord; John
stopped, but I just looked at him mildly and asked "Well? I didn't tell you to
stop, did I?"

Stammering in confusion, he continued. It was great fun keeping him off balance
like this, and by the end of the dictation his cock was quite purple, either
from the constriction of the cord or from the detailed description he was giving
of last weekend - or both?

"I remain, Your adoring slave," John finished a little later, kneeling on the
floor at my feet, his cock protruding from his trousers and his hands clasped
behind his back. "OK then," I said, leaning down and undoing the cord, There'll
be a reply from `M' in your IN tray by this afternoon. Be sure you take notice
of it! .... Any other letters, John?" I changed my tone to signal the end of the
Mistress/slave roles, but it wasn't easy, I was so turned on! So was John, I'm
certain! Ideas for future `dictations' have been running around in my head ever
since.

The reply I put in John's IN tray was a sealed order to report at 7 pm. sharp
tonight for `slave training'. It's almost time now, so I must finish preparing!

----------------------------

Later the same evening: John knocked on my door just before 7 this evening. I
opened the door a crack and said "Yes?"; he replied smartly, "Your slave
reporting for lessons, Ma'am!"

"Oh yes," I answered coolly, "Well, your first lesson is that a slave never
comes to the front door; you go to the back door, strip naked, and wait at
attention until I decide it's time to start!" And I closed the door firmly
without giving him a chance to reply.

I waited about five minutes, then went and opened the back door. There he was,
stark naked and standing straight and stiff - as stiff as his cock became when I
stood in front of him, dressed in a skintight red leotard and short high-heeled
boots, with a riding crop in one hand and some chains and things in the other!

"You're late, slave," I commented sharply.

"But I was here at seven!" he protested.

I gave my reply in a tone of almost weary patience: "Your second lesson is that
you should be waiting here, naked, at least 15 minutes before the appointed
time, just in case I decide to start early. And your third lesson, which you
should have learnt already, is that you don't argue with me - if I want your
point of view, I'll ask for it. Understand?"

"Yes Mistress - I'm sorry," he replied meekly.

"I'll overlook it this time," I said, "but from now on you can expect to be
punished for such mistakes. Now - let's have your wrists behind you..." Quickly
I fitted handcuffs on his wrists, then I slipped the wrist loop of the crop over
his cock and balls and twisted it snugly; with a firm tug I led my slave inside
to start his training.

For most of the evening I made John kneel in front of me, his hands securely
fastened behind his back, while we discussed firstly the basic rules of his
conduct as my slave (including the `lessons' from the start of the evening), and
secondly the scale of `demerits' that he would incur for each of a number of
`misdemeanours'. I carefully wrote everything down, read it back to John and
then told him I expect him to repeat it to me in his next dictation at the
office ... and he can expect to be punished for errors until he has it perfectly
memorized!

Finally, we spent some time experimenting with various bondage positions and
various `discipline implements' (whips, paddles etc.) to determine how many
strokes or how much time in bondage will equate to numbers of `demerits'. It
really was great fun tying up the naked body of my compliant slave and teasing
him with pinches and tickles while he was so helpless!

I'm sure that John expected to have to eat my pussy before the evening ended,
but shortly before midnight I told him, "This has been a training session. No
time for fun and games for either of us - especially not you!" and I suppressed
a chuckle at the disappointment in his face as I pushed him out the back door
and ordered him to dress and go home.

------------------------------

Edited excerpts from entries for several weekends following:

We got started on my slave's `dungeon' today! John reported at the back door
early this morning and I immediately put him to work fitting rings in the floor,
walls and ceiling of the spare room, placing them strategically to be used for
various kinds of bondage. I get a kick out of supervising and just watching my
naked slave at work ... and an even bigger one out of tying him to the shackles
he has fitted for himself! Right now he's `testing' some of the rings, stretched
out naked and vulnerable between two rings in the floor and one in the
ceiling....





The bench is finished now. It's just long enough for John's body from hips to
shoulders and just wide enough that he won't fall off; it has an adjustable
extension that I can either rest his head on or let it hang down when he's lying
on it, and lots of fastening points all over for tying him in many different
ways (like bending over it for a whipping, kneeling against it etc. etc.) John
has spent much of this weekend tied to it in one way or another, and in between
he's made adjustments - and in between that he's served me with meals and
drinks, not to mention his tongue!....

I just love the post that my slave has fixed so firmly in his `bondage room' -
apart from a good tight spreadeagle where his naked body is so utterly
accessible to my touch or the touch of my whip or cane, I like nothing better
than to tie him to the post so tightly that he literally cannot even wriggle,
then tease him unmercifully! Next weekend we'll start on the pulleys....

The pulleys work beautifully! It's such a thrill to wind a handle and watch my
slave's helpless naked body rise slowly into the air and then just hang there,
simply begging for a pinch here, a tickle there ... or sometimes a good loud
"thwack" with a paddle!....





John spent all night in the cage in the corner of his bondage room, leaving him
quite stiff today, thanks to the hunched-up position he has to assume inside it!
I simply wanted to try it out for a longer period, but the reason I gave him was
that he hasn't been trying hard enough to learn his `lessons' (the
single-word-or-gesture commands I have worked out for him, and his `scale of
misdemeanours and punishments'). Actually, now that the equipment in the room is
nearly finished, we have more time for his training and he's coming along quite
well, but I won't tell him that - can't have my slave getting complacent!....

The final touch to my slave's `prison' - his `working corner'! He's there now,
half-sitting half-kneeling with his knees spread wide, facing a low desk
equipped with a typewriter and dictation machine, busily typing a letter he
dictated to me yesterday! His typing is not too good yet, but he'll improve -
he'll have to, with the bondage and whippings he'll incur for errors and
slowness. Between my chuckles at the delicious irony of my boss, naked and
shackled, doing my work and so making my life at the office almost a holiday, I
sometimes feel it's hardly fair! But then, what is a slave for, after all? And
what's more, I know he's loving it!

------------------------------

One day during the following week: We had a `dictation' this morning, the second
this week - John must be enjoying his slavery! Normally the dictation consists
mainly of my slave's description of and reactions to the most recent bondage
sessions, but today John had nothing to say on that subject, so he dictated a
whole letter of suggestions about what he as a slave would like.

I made him stand beside my chair, with his pants around his ankles so that I
could play with his cock and balls; I even used a spring paper clip from his
desk, which caused a few gasps and pauses in his speaking! The dictation was
full of phrases like "May your slave humbly suggest..." and "I beg your
forgiveness for my impertinence..." and I was moved to give him only five
demerit points (instead of the ten or even twenty he deserved for daring to
advise his Mistress!)

Some of his ideas did turn me on, though, so in my reply I ordered him to remain
in his office after work. I dashed home at lunchtime to fetch a few things, and
when the place was empty at about 5:30 I buzzed his intercom twice as his signal
to strip and wait for me, kneeling on a low table in his `slave pose' - with his
legs widely spread, his hands gripping his ankles and his hips thrust forward
and up.

What a lovely sight to greet me when I walked in a few minutes later! He didn't
move (it was against my rules!) while I fitted nipple clamps, a tight metal
cock-ring and handcuffs.

"I was very generous giving you only five demerits for that letter today, wasn't
I, slave?" I said sternly, holding up my small multi-thonged whip, Where do you
want them - on your belly as you are, or on the insides of your thighs?"

"My belly please, Mistress," my captive replied, not daring to question my
decision to punish him here rather than in a normal session. He took the 25
strokes quite well; except for an occasional gasp he only cried out when I once
let the thongs land partly across his engorged prick!

Still without allowing him to move, I removed my briefs (after blind-folding my
slave, of course!), raised my skirt over his back-flung head and pushed my
crotch against his face. I kept him at this task for over half an hour (having
two orgasms in that time) until I heard the sounds of the cleaners in the outer
office.

Quickly I led John to the closet where his clothes were hanging and made him get
inside. "I don't need to gag you, do I?" I whispered, "You won't move or make a
sound while they're in here, will you?" He shook his head emphatically and I
closed and locked the door, then went out and greeted the cleaning staff
cheerfully, explaining that I would be back later after getting some Chinese
take-away food.

Nearly an hour later I opened the closet door to free my naked prisoner; his
cock was fully erect, so I asked him if he'd enjoyed being locked up in there.
"Not really, Mistress," he replied, "but it was exciting to know there were
strangers just outside, who might possibly have discovered me!"

I made John eat his chop suey dinner doggy-style from a dish on the floor of his
office, while I sat comfortably in his plush swivel chair. Afterwards he needed
a bit of cleaning up, so I led him to the ladies' room and washed his face; then
I said, "If you need to `go', better do it now - it may be a while before I give
you another chance!"

Back in his office, I put my slave `through his paces' for a while, test-ing him
on the ritual commands he's learning. Then I decided he could have something
more to eat - me, of course! As he lay face up on his bound arms on his desk,
his mouth buried in my hot thatch, I commented that this was a change from the
tradition of the boss screwing his secretary on the boardroom table!

John gave me two more very enjoyable climaxes, and I rewarded him by bringing
him off as well. After wiping him off with some tissues, I went out to flush
them down the 'loo', telling my slave to wait exactly where he was.

He's still waiting!! I would have loved to see his face when my voice (recorded
earlier) suddenly came through the intercom about fifteen minutes later: "Have a
pleasant night, slave! I've gone home to bed, but don't worry; I've locked your
office door and I'll be in before anyone else in the morning to get you ready
for another day. Good night!" I can imagine him now, naked, blindfolded, his
wrists handcuffed behind him and his ankles joined by a short chain, trying to
get to sleep on the thick rug!

------------------------------

Several weeks later:

Today I met the dominant woman who advertised in the Female Domination
magazines. She's very experienced (she's had a `regular' slave for years, and
quite a number of `casual' ones as well!), but she's very keen to see my slave
and compare our training methods ... and perhaps exchange slaves occasionally!

I think it's time I gave John a thorough test of his training - I do want to
impress my new friend! Maybe next weekend?

------------------------------

The following Sunday evening:

Before John was due to arrive on Saturday morning, I hid behind some shrubs in
my back yard ... in order to see how well he obeys my instructions when he
arrives for a session.

He started well by turning up about 15 minutes before the nominated time, and of
course immediately stripped naked, folding his clothes neatly in the box
provided. I started to get turned on as I watched him carry out the instructions
symbolised by the `shorthand' letters and numbers I had written on the
blackboard - in a few moments he had donned wrist and ankle cuffs (joined by a
short chain so he was forced to kneel) and a blindfold over his eyes.

At this point I crept quietly from my hiding place and around to the front of
the house, marched up to to the front door and knocked (loudly enough for my
slave to hear). After waiting a minute or so I walked briskly down the path
towards the back door, my footsteps crunching in the gravel ... and when I
reached the corner of the wall I paused like someone suddenly catching sight of
a naked man kneeling there.

John had tried to hide his nakedness by turning away and huddling into a ball,
as far as he could in the short time he'd had. Smiling to myself, I walked
slowly across to stand in front of him and said, "Well, this is a fine way to
greet your Mistress!"

His sigh of relief was almost deafening! He started to speak, but I cut him off;
"Not now, slave. You're here to test the depth of your training, and you've just
performed less than perfectly in the first test - how deeply you trust your
Mistress. However, I might overlook that if you do very well in the remaining
tests. So let's begin ..."

I released his wrists and ankles, then began to issue orders in the code I had
taught him. For an hour or more he paraded around my back yard, posing his naked
body to my commands. Blindfolded as he was, he had to trust me not to steer him
into any obstacles; and he did very well, except twice when he got confused
during a very rapid string of orders, turned the wrong way and bumped into
objects I was steering him around!

Watching him got me quite turned on, especially as his almost constant hard-on
showed how excited he was. Eventually I directed him indoors where I stripped,
made him kneel in front of my favourite armchair and ordered him to "show me how
well you've learnt your oral lessons!"

The orgasm he gave me, after at least an hour's intense work, was the first of
four I enjoyed during the weekend. The rest of the time I enjoyed almost as much
while my `slave-on-trial' waited on me hand and foot, cooking meals, serving me
with drinks and snacks, bathing me, and giving the house a thorough cleaning. I
kept him wearing his blindfold except when it was absolutely necessary to see
(while cooking, for example) but left him free of other shackles - his utter
dependence on my explicit commands was quite effective restraint while he
couldn't see.

Of course, this kept me as busy as it did him, but I had some rest while he was
in bondage - more than eight hours of it (not counting the six hours of sleep he
spent loosely but inescapably shackled to a couple of rings on the floor of his
`prison')! I subjected him to five different positions for varying periods
depending on their severity: there was a very tight hogtie (face down on a
narrow bench with a little extra strain on his joined wrists and ankles by means
of a pulley), a spreadeagle (face up on a hard table with ropes criss-crossing
his body and limbs and holding him totally immobile), a period of suspension by
his ankles (with his wrists pulled up behind his back and forcing a slight arch
in his back), a kneeling position (with his knees spread wide and a bar behind
his buttocks forcing his hips forward), and a long period tied very tightly with
his back to a post and his arms stretched high over his head. The last was out
in the garden this morning, while I ate my breakfast of fresh fruit and relieved
his boredom by blowing cherry stones through a tube at his taut naked body - I
scored a number of `bulls-eyes' on his balls and the tip of his (usually erect)
prick, which brought sharp squeals of pain from him!

He also spent four hours tightly tied in a chair while he caught up on a large
batch of typing - oh, the delicious irony of my boss, who gave me that work a
few days ago, doing it himself as my naked bondage slave! Since this was a test
of his slave training, he had to be very careful not to make mistakes ... and I
had to admit that he did very well indeed.

"Well slave," I said to him late this afternoon as I relaxed with a refreshing
drink he'd served, "your performance hasn't been quite perfect but I'm prepared
to overlook the few mistakes you've made. But now I want you to suggest the
final test - the proof - of your slavery to me. Take your time," I concluded
with a smile, "but you better come up with something convincing!"

John thought hard for a couple of minutes before answering: "Mistress, you have
often said that discipline is not only for punishing my misdemeanours, but also
simply for impressing my slave status on me. Please may I humbly beg you to
suspend me spreadeagled, so that all my naked body is available to you, and I
will try to accept whatever discipline you wish to give me."

This suggestion pleased me a lot, because it showed he understands what I want
in my slave. But I played it cool as I agreed, led John into the `slavery room'
and stretched his naked body into as tight a spreadeagle as I thought he could
stand (though "standing" was hardly the word for it, his widely spread feet were
at least six inches off the floor!)

I paused, running my fingernails gently over his taut skin and briefly fondling
his erect cock. "I've thought of a refinement, slave," I said, "I want you to
ask for each stroke, what implement I should use, where it should land and how
hard it should be. And when you've had enough you will say thank you very
sincerely - and I hope you will satisfy me as to the completeness of your
training. Shall we begin?"

John rose to the occasion wonderfully. Over the next hour or so he asked for a
total of fifty-seven strokes, quite a lot of them harder than I would normally
have administered. When he finally said, "Thank you Mistress, but I don't think
I can take any more just now!" his naked torso was vividly marked from knees to
shoulders, the broad red patches on bum-cheeks and thighs from the paddle, some
thin straight lines from the light whippy cane (also a few across his belly),
the jumbled marks of the light multi-thonged `cat' on his inner thighs and belly
and chest (and a few on his groin!), and the prominent evidence of the big whip
curving across his back and chest. "I do hope you are not disappointed,
Mistress. I tried, I really did!" he concluded humbly.

"I'm very pleased with you, slave," I replied warmly as I began to untie him,
"You really have learnt the most important lesson - that as my slave, your body
is mine to treat in any way I wish, even by whipping you for no reason at all.
Now, over here with you ..." I continued, laying his unresisting body face up on
the narrow bench and tying his wrists and ankles down to its legs. "And since I
can do what I please with your body," I went on with a smile, "I can also do
this with it!"

It took my tired slave a few moments to realise that my hands, already busy at
his crotch, were not going to inflict any more discomfort - quite the contrary,
in fact! - and soon his large cock looked as if it would burst. I tried to build
his arousal as slowly as possible, but when it was clear he couldn't delay much
longer, I climbed up and straddled his hips, then eased myself slowly down onto
his rock-hard organ. I was alredy so turned on (by having a naked male,
helplessly bound yet asking me to whip him "Harder, please Mistress" to show me
what a good slave he could be!) that I climaxed even before my slave got his
"reward for passing the test", thrusting his hips up and moaning as his orgasm
swept through him.

I'm quietly confident of making a good impression on my new friend with my
slave!

------------------------------

A few weeks later:

Today my slave met another Mistress!

My new acquaintance (a lady named Gail) and I had planned very carefully for
this since John's `graduation' the other weekend, and I was very excited as I
showed her into his office for the appointment she had made as "a potential
client". I introduced her as "Miss Tressy", which brought an odd look from John
... but I pretended not to notice and excused myself, setting the "In
Conference" sign on the door as I left.

Sitting at my desk, I could barely concentrate on the work in front of me. I
could almost hear "Miss Tressy" reciting the script we had concocted: "I have
$10,000 to invest," she was saying, "and I want quick profits. I'm quite
prepared to accept the obvious risks and to give you a completely free hand
-subject to a few minor conditions." John, I knew, would be fascinated (more
than once he had told me how he dreamt of such a proposal), not least by the
prospect of good commission to be earned by moving the investment around to
squeeze the last cent of capital gain.

Suddenly my intercom buzzed, and as I expected John asked me to come into his
office ("Miss Tressy" had just requested the presence of his secretary). I asked
for a couple of minutes to finish what I was doing(!). As I blindly reshuffled a
few papers in a file, I could imagine "Miss Tressy" saying, "Now, as to the
conditions I mentioned - the first is that you take off all your clothes and
stand to attention here behind the door!"

Later my friend told me that John looked quite stunned at this (hardly
surprising, I guess) and hesitated ... until she continued, "Your Mistress has
told me you're a very obedient slave, and she'll expect to find you naked and
waiting for her when she comes in!" At this he seemed to resign himself, and
when I knocked and entered there he was, naked and rigidly at attention ... with
his cock standing out almost as rigidly!

"You have the makings of a good slave here," Gail said to me when the door had
closed, "May I have a better look at him, please?" I agreed with a grin and
ordered John to "Stand!" (an order to put his feet apart a little, his hands
behind his neck, and to thrust his hips forward and his stomach in). I was proud
of the way he held this pose while Gail ran her hands over his naked body,
prodding and pinching here and there and fondling his erect prick expertly ...
exactly as if she were examining a prize bull!

For half an hour or so we put John `through his paces' for Gail's benefit. When
he obeyed the order "Bend over!" she took a small vibrator out of her bag and
pushed it into his rectum; on the order "Cock!" he clutched the base of his
organ, pushed it forward and accepted the three tight rings she pushed onto it;
after "Kneel!" she fitted spring clips on his nipples; and finally when he
"Pose"d (kneeling on widespread knees, his hands grasping his ankles and his
hips arched up as high as he could) she placed a number of spring clips on his
balls and crotch and belly.

"Now," Gail said to me, "is he any good at giving his Mistress pleasure?"

"Try him for yourself," I replied generously. With a grin Gail threw her skirt
over John's backflung head and spread her legs to present her pussy to his (I
hoped!) willing tongue. Once again my confidence in John was vindi cated,
because in only a few minutes Gail came twice ... in spite of the dis traction
of me fondling John's cock and pulling gently at the clips on his nipples and
elsewhere.

"Well, Miss Tressy," I said when her panting had subsided, "if my slave has
pleased you, perhaps he's earned a reward for performing so well with no warning
at all." Gail agreed with a smile, and I brought John to climax with a few quick
strokes of his engorged and over-excited cock.

By this time John was obviously tired, but to my delight he continued to hold
his `pose'. "Right," said Gail, "the investment deal is yours, on one last
condition: that every two weeks we have an `interview' similar to this, during
which you will keep me informed of the state of my portfolio ... OK?" John's
reply was prompt and emphatic: "Yes, please, Miss Tressy!"

We allowed John to get dressed while the final details were discussed, then drew
up the relevant documents and signed them. Just as I was about to open the door
for her to leave, Gail said to me, "I think you have quite a good slave there.
You must come and see mine soon, and then if you like we could swap
occasionally." And with a quick wink at John, she was gone.

------------------------------

After a `session' about two weeks later:

I drove John home as usual, and let him out of the car at his front gate. He's
becoming a bit blase about the short walk he has to his door, still stark naked
and wearing a cock-ring and handcuffs behind his back - so I decided to surprise
him by using a different padlock on the cock-ring, so that the keys he has at
home will only open the handcuffs! He'll just have to wear it until I decide it
comes off - and I've just taken the phone off the hook so that he can't pester
me!

------------------------------

The following day:

I had hardly reached my desk at the office this morning when John called me in
to take some dictation. It wasn't at all difficult to guess what was coming!

"Dear M," he began at once, "Last night you accidentally put the wrong padlock
on my cock-ring, and I couldn't take it off. It's quite tight and it caused me
some discomfort trying to sleep and I'm constantly aware of ... "

"Let me see!" I interrupted him sharply, and he obediently stood up and lowered
his trousers. My `inspection' of his prick with its ring caused it to start
swelling, not unnaturally! After a moment I simply said "Go on" and continued to
fondle it until it was quite hard and purple.

John took up his `dictation' again, somewhat hesitantly: "... I'm constantly
aware of it now. I tried to telephone you last night and this morning to ask you
to bring the key with you today, but your phone was busy. I humbly beg to drive
you home at lunchtime so that the cock-ring may be removed. I remain, Your
devoted slave."

I waited a moment, then replied: "It wasn't an accident, slave, and you have
just earned some demerits for criticizing your Mistress. I'll inform you later
how you can free your precious cock. Now you better cover yourself!" And I
walked out of his office, leaving him staring after me in confusion.

Back at my desk I wrote the following note: "I will remove your cock-ring after
you give me six orgasms, or if your prefer, you may submit to a hundred demerits
worth of bondage and discipline. Your Mistress." I slipped it into an opened
envelope addressed to John, which I handed to him as he passed my desk soon
after lunch, with the comment, "Could you please read this now? I think I need
your answer immediately."

I don't think anyone else noticed John's slight blush as he read the note,
because he covered it well. After only a moment he said, "OK, the first option
looks good. Say, can you stay on a while tonight? I'd like to do some work on
this." I replied that I was expecting a phone call at home, but it might be more
comfortable to work there. "OK," said John, "I'll be there about seven."

Some of the other girls exchanged meaningful glances, but I don't care what they
thought; I intend to enjoy my six orgasms in comfort! The anticipation is making
me as randy as hell, and it's time to get started. My slave should be waiting at
the back door now.

------------------------------

The following evening:

My naked slave was waiting, at attention as usual, when I opened the door
yesterday evening. His eyes grew wide as he saw how I was dressed - or rather
undressed! - in a long almost transparent negligee (not my usual Mistress
garb!). And they grew even wider, and his cock stood erect and purple, when I
let it fall open to reveal my body, naked except for a very brief g-string
cupping my pussy.

I was already excited, but I wanted to get really high tonight. So I led John
into the lounge, made him kneel, and said: "Now I want you to tell me, in
detail, just how beautiful I am and how much you worship my body. And you'd
better be sincere!"

I'm proud of my body and I know it's attractive, but I adore being told how
lovely I am. For about an hour my slave described (in extravagant terms) my firm
breasts with their dark prominent nipples, the shapeliness of my long legs, the
sexy curves of my hips and bottom ... ! I paraded in front of him, preening and
caressing myself - he dared not touch me without permission but his adoring
words titillated me like about fifty clever fingers.

Finally I could wait no longer - I grabbed his head and thrust his mouth into my
crotch. The flimsy cloth of the g-string was soaking wet and John began to suck
at it eagerly - and noisily! In a few seconds my first climax swept over me and
I moaned and twisted my hands in my slave's hair as I arched my back in
pleasure.

Before my excitement could die down, I made John remove the g-string with his
teeth and then lay down on a thick sheepskin rug, saying "You can now use your
hands and lips and tongue to worship every inch of my body." Soon I was lost in
in a haze of pleasure as his hands and mouth found my most sensitive spots and
aroused them just as I have trained him.

Before very long I was writhing and panting in another orgasm, but my slave
didn't stop (admittedly, I didn't tell him to!) and took me to an even higher
level of sheer bliss which was almost unbearable. Then I felt even more intense
sensations approaching, and I tried to cry "Stop! Stop!" ... just as his tongue
on my now almost painful clit started me screaming in an orgasm that just seemed
to go on and on!

When I was able to focus again, I was surprised at how little time had passed. I
smiled at my naked slave kneeling between my widely flung thighs and said:
"Well, that's halfway home in very quick time, but don't think it's all going to
be as easy as that for you! I want to come down to earth a little, so you may go
and pour some champagne." John smiled with a trace of disappoint ment but he
obeyed without arguing.

I sat in a comfortable armchair to drink my champagne, my robe loosely draped
over my shoulders (hiding nothing!). I made John stand beside me, and began
fondling his prick which inevitably grew to full purple hardness; "Oh, poor
cock," I said in mock sympathy, "how long before you'll be free of this tight
ring? Three more lovely orgasms for me ..." I paused and continued musingly "...
and there's the matter of demerits for a slave criticising his Mistress, which
should really be cleared before I undo this." I gave the ring a sharp twist;
"Don't you agree, slave?"

John looked at me in some alarm, obviously thinking of the minimum 20 and
maximum 100 demerits I could impose for this offence and of how uncomfortable
his prick would get during a whipping or bondage of that length (it invariably
comes erect while he's bound or being whipped!), but he said very humbly,
"Whatever you say, Mistress."

I smiled and continued: "However, in this case we might combine business with
pleasure. If the next three climaxes you give me are extra special, I'll reduce
the penalty to giving me two more tomorrow morning, but with you bound very
stringently. OK?" John agreed eagerly.

"Good," I said, "Now, on with the show! I said a while ago that your job would
be a little harder from now on? Turn around." I tied his wrists and elbows
firmly behind him, then led him into my bedroom and lay down on the big double
bed.

My willing slave needed no urging and immediately set to work with his mouth
alone. I directed the attentions of his busy lips and teeth and tongue, from my
breasts to my thighs, from my belly to my toes, from my neck to my pussy, and
before long I began to writhe and pant again. But this time I took my time,
enjoying the control I had over my pleasure-slave as well as the slower building
of my arousal. My fourth orgasm for the evening was a gentle wash of sensation
rather than a climactic explosion.

For a short while I let John relax, but I kept up my own excitement by caressing
my sensitive nipples and running my fingers gently up and down the insides of my
thighs. Then I put him `to work' again, kneeling beside the bed with my legs
clutching his head as he tongued and nibbled my hot thatch. As slowly as
possible I used his captive talents to increase the level of my arousal until at
last I arched my back and squeezed my thighs around his head and moaned softly
as my fifth climax swept through me.

My clit was almost painfully sensitive, but I forced John to continue tonguing
it, and before very long I felt the sixth orgasm approaching. I tried to delay
it but the waves of pleasure mounted higher and higher and suddenly I found
myself screaming in ecstasy, my legs spread wide and my hands in John's hair as
I tried to force his tongue deeper into my cunt.

It was well after midnight when I settled my slave down, one wrist and one ankle
each shackled to a leg of my bed. Then I quickly fell asleep, utterly exhausted
but replete with pleasure! The alarm woke me at six and despite the short sleep
I felt remarkably refreshed and relaxed. John, on the other hand, was somewhat
stiff after a less than comfortable night!

But I wasted no time and soon had him trussed for his `penalty task' - face up
on a bench with his ankles spread wide and raised high until only his head and
shoulders rested on the bench. As usual, his cock came erect, and I fondled it
until it was quite hard - and quite uncomfortable in its tight ring! before I
straddled his inverted head and thrust my pussy down onto his tired but still
willing mouth.

After last night it took me a little while to get excited - but it helped to
have my slave's large hard prick just in front of me, and to think of the
uncomfortable and humiliating way he was bound while he ate me. The two orgasms
I had were by no means as intense as some last night, but they were very
enjoyable nevertheless.

"OK, slave, a deal's a deal," I said as I unlocked and removed the cock-ring he
had worn for about 36 hours. "And I'm feeling so good I'll even give you a
little reward." I began to stroke his newly freed organ and within minutes it
turned purple - without the cock-ring! - and spurted his come over my breasts
and belly.

He had to lick it off before I released him from his inverted bondage! I made
him bathe me under a hot shower, then ordered him to prepare breakfast while I
dressed. After breakfast (served by my slave, still naked but for ankle
shackles) I said, "Must rush to get my bus! Here's the key to your shackles -
see you at work ... boss!!"

When John arrived at work late, looking decidedly tired, the girls remembered
that he and I had been `working' at my place last night. They also noted how
relaxed and contented I was and exchanged meaningful glances ... now they think
they know that John and I are lovers. But they'll never guess the real truth!

------------------------------

A few weeks later:

We had an unusual `dictation' today!

John began in the usual fashion, "Dear M", but then surprised me by continuing:
"I humbly beg you to allow me to postpone the slave session we have arranged for
next weekend, and I hope you will consider the following reason adequate. I have
been asked at short notice to make a presentation to management next week, and I
need the whole weekend to prepare for it. Please do not think that this means I
do not want to spend the weekend as your slave, or that I have something else on
- it's just that I want to do as good a job as I can with this presentation. I
remain, Your humble slave."

This surprised me enough that I didn't interrupt John as I often did, and when
he'd finished I thought for a few moments before replying: "You realise, of
course, that there is a penalty attached to this sort of thing?"

John nodded and I continued: "I don't intend to waive the penalty even for the
reasons you've given, but I am prepared to postpone the session. Will you really
need the whole weekend? ... I was looking forward to having you serve me, but if
you have to work, well I'll just have to take my frustration out on you later!"

I accepted John's plea that he really didn't know how much time he needs (he
intends to start at 9 on Saturday morning), and that he didn't want to make
promises to me that he can't keep, and I ended the `dictation' period by telling
him that I would give him a written reply stating when I expect him to appear
for the postponed session.

Later I had a bright idea! I left John a note suggesting that we could combine
his work with a slave session: "I'll supervise and advise and maybe even give
you some help," it continued, "You needn't reply to this note. I'll knock at
your office door at 9:30 on Saturday, and I'll expect you to be waiting, naked
and ready for work! If not, you will report at 7 the following Friday evening,
and I will then apply the full `postponement' penalty".

------------------------------

The following Sunday:

Yesterday morning I knocked on John's door, as promised, at exactly 9:30.

"Who is it?" he asked, and at my reply "Your Mistress! Who do you think?" he
invited me in. To my delight he was waiting for me, stark naked and standing
stiffly to attention beside his desk. His cock was equally stiff, so I gave it
and his balls a firm squeeze before outlining my plans.

I proposed to John that he work tied to a chair - "to keep your mind on the
job!" - and that I was quite happy to fetch any papers and files he might need.
He agreed readily and I soon had him bound to my satisfaction, not in his plush
swivel chair - "I want that for myself!" I grinned - but on a hard,
straightbacked chair from the typing pool. His knees were spread wide and his
ankles drawn back and up quite uncomfortably, and his waist and chest were
strapped firmly to the chair back.

My final touch was to tie two strong cords to his cock, one around its base and
the other with a couple of loops around its shaft and head; the former I passed
between his legs and under the chair to join the other in my hand as I lounged
comfortably in his chair in front of his desk. From where I sat I could see his
poor cock, and I quite enjoyed keeping it hard and, I guess, a little
uncomfortable by pulling on one cord or the other ... or both!

We settled down, John to his work and I to some light relaxing reading. When
John, after a while, asked me to fetch a file for him, I replied cheerfully,
"Yes of course, slave - you can't get it yourself, can you? But I think if I,
your Mistress, have to fetch and carry for you, I think you should be prepared
to pay a demerit or two for my effort, don't you agree?"

John gave me a long look, but then agreed with good-natured resignation. "I'm
hardly in a position to argue, am I, Mistress?" he smiled. We agreed on one
demerit for each `fetch' and two if it involved going to files in other offices;
I used part of the white-board on his wall to keep a tally!

Later in the morning I gave John a break by releasing him from the chair and
sending him out, naked as he was, to fetch me a cup of coffee. I allowed him to
have one too, then it was back to work for him - this time sitting on the chair
with his legs crossed tailor-fashion (hardly more comfortable but a change for
him!)

The rest of the day passed pleasantly - for me, at least! I went out to get us
some lunch, leaving John working hard and helplessly tied; and after we ate I
tied my slave upside down in his big chair and made him eat me, which he did
very satisfactorily. During the afternoon the tally of demerits mounted steadily
as John continued to work; and twice more he had to risk being discovered in the
outer office, naked and shackled, as he fetched coffee for me (he didn't know
that I had made quite sure nobody would disturb us!).

Late in the afternoon I asked John how he was progressing; he replied that there
was no way he could finish that evening but that it shouldn't take all next day.
So I suggested that we go back to my place for dinner and a good night's sleep,
and he agreed readily, even when I added: "Maybe we'll even work off some of the
demerits you've earned today ... or perhaps I'll feel like a bit of fun and
games!"

He was still stark naked when I led him down to the garage; the leash I held was
attached to two clamps pinching his nipples tightly, and his wrists and elbows
were strapped firmly behind his back, with a cord passed between his legs to his
cock (which was pulled back sharply enough to make him walk slightly
bow-legged!). He was understandably a bit nervous as he followed me, but he
clearly felt a lot more secure with me than the first time we did this; I
reminded him of that evening with a smile and he grinned in return.

We actually spent a rather quiet evening. John was obviously fairly tired from
working hard all day, so I only made him bathe me and take a shower himself
while I prepared a TV dinner. We watched a movie, John kneeling quietly at my
feet, and before going to bed John gave me a pleasant orgasm with his tongue and
I allowed him to bring himself off while I watched. John spent the night on his
sleeping mat in his `prison', with only one ankle shackled to a ring in the
floor.

This morning it was back to the office quite early. For the drive in, I tied
John in the back seat of my car and covered his nakedness with a rug, then led
him back up to our offices (having ensured the coast was clear) by means of a
leash passed between his legs and tied to his wrists which were crossed behind
his neck.

The first thing John did was to ask if he could work at the word processor,
because he wanted to enter all the material he had prepared the day before and
be able to rearrange it easily. I soon had him set up in front of it, but it
quickly became obvious that he was so unaccustomed to it that the work would
take him hours; so I made a suggestion to him.

"If you have something else you can work on," I said, "perhaps it would be
better if I did this stuff instead. Of course, there would have to be a penalty
... let's see ... no, I'll think of a good one later, if you want to take that
risk. Well, how about it?"

After a moment's hesitation, my slave agreed. He wanted to prepare quite a lot
of charts and diagrams, so I shackled him by means of a long chain padlocked to
a tight cock-ring and a short one between ankle cuffs. As I worked at the word
processor, I tried to think of a good penalty for this ... and at last the
perfect idea occurred to me!

With this arrangement we made very good progress all morning, and by lunch time
John was ready to start putting his presentation together. But first we had some
lunch, which I made my slave eat `slave-style' (as I call it!) from a bowl on
the floor at my feet, and during the meal I outlined my proposed penalty for my
morning's work.

"I want to come to your presentation," I said. "I'm sure you could bring me
along to assist you with charts and so on. Also," I continued with a mischievous
grin, "I want you to agree to wear whatever I order under your normal clothes
during the presentation (I promise it won't show, but it will probably be
somewhat uncomfortable!). And finally, I demand that you take me to lunch
afterwards - somewhere classy!" John wasn't quite sure whether he could do all
this, but after some discussion (and my alternative of a large number of
demerits!) he agreed to try.

After lunch we got back to work, with me at the word-processor again but now
with John indicating what he wanted done with the rough text I had entered. For
this I made him kneel beside my chair and to give him something to do with his
hands (and to give me a bit of fun!) I stripped off and made him caress me as we
worked. His fingers stroked my tits and belly and pussy, and several times I had
to stop working while I had a climax (usually helped over the top by my slave's
tongue!)

The presentation was completed to John's satisfaction by late afternoon. I
brought him home for the evening - once again leading him stark naked through
the building on our way to the garage - and he's now working off some of the
demerits he earned yesterday. He's tied very tightly to the post in his
'dungeon' (he's been there for the last hour and a half), and in a few minutes
I'll go in and give him some whip strokes across his chest and belly ... and
watch his cock stand out like a flagpole as I do it!

I do hope my other penalty idea works out!

------------------------------

The following day:

My boss/slave called me in for a dictation this afternoon, and told me that it
will be OK for me to attend his presentation on Thursday! Now I need to work out
exactly what I'll make him wear!

------------------------------

Three days later (Thursday):

Great fun today!

I took a small bag of gear to work this morning, and about half an hour before
John's presentation I went into his office and shut the door after setting the
"In Conference - Do Not Disturb" notice.

"OK slave," I said briskly, "Off with your clothes! Time to get into harness for
your performance!"

John gave me a wry grin, but stripped meekly enough. Before his cock had time to
get hard, I grabbed it and forced it into a tightly constricting pouch; but by
the time this was done, it was quite erect and trying hard to burst its bonds!
Next I fitted a sort of corset which held his prick in its pouch flat against
his belly, tightly enough that when he put his trousers back on there was no
obvious sign of anything unusual. Straps at the base of the corset went around
his balls (which were allowed to hang free!) and under his crotch to be pulled
very tight and fastened to the back of the corset.

When he had dressed again, John and I took the materials for his presentation
and set them up in a conference room. John was a bit worried that a certain
stiffness in his movement would be obvious to everybody, but I assured him that
it really wasn't so noticeable ... "and anyway," I grinned, "I like it! It's
good to know that you are being reminded of your place, and of all the work I
did for you over the weekend!"

The presentation was a great success! John gave a detailed and skilful analysis
of share trends in a certain sector, and only I knew that his few hesitations
were not due to nervousness (although he was a bit nervous too!), but mainly to
my catching his eye and glancing significantly at his crotch!

Afterwards he was thanked and congratulated by the Managing Director himself
(which I'm sure did no harm to his career prospects!); and then he was asked
what he was doing for lunch! I held my breath for a moment, but my slave was as
good as his word: "I promised my assistant here that I would take her to lunch,
in appreciation of the enormous amount of work she put in over the weekend
helping me with my presentation."

Imagine my surprise when several of John's colleagues (and superiors!) actually
asked if they might join us! John hesitated for the merest moment (just long
enough to catch my tiny nod) and said they were very welcome.

I enjoyed lunch very much indeed! Thanks to the extra people, we had to squeeze
together at a table that was really too small ... but this meant that I was
able, without being noticed, to reach under the table occasionally and give
John's balls a firm but not ungentle squeeze! "Just to remind you of your place,
slave," my eyes told him, and he responded with a slight nod of understanding.

Now it's not only the girls in the secretarial pool who think that John and I
fancy each other!



Go on to Part 3




My Boss, My Slave

by "Des Mios"



Part 3: The Last Pages of the Mistress' Diary

Several weeks later:

I just couldn't resist the temptation!

Today at coffee break the conversation turned to unusual sex practices; one of
the other girls said she'd read about men submitting themselves as slaves to
dominant women, but she couldn't believe it really happens. Suddenly an idea
just popped into my mind and I said, "It is true, actually. I know a woman who
has a man as her slave."

Amid quite a chorus of gasps, someone cried "Really?! You're kidding!" But when
I had convinced them that I was serious, they began plying me with questions
like, "What does she do to him?" and "Does he really enjoy it?" I answered a few
of these in a general sort of way, then casually suggested, "Why don't you come
and see for yourselves? I'm sure I can talk my friend into letting you see her
slave if you're really interested and won't be shocked or disgusted."

Most of the girls were much too embarrassed by this idea, but four of them said
yes, they'd love to come. Just then I had an even better idea ... now I just
have to arrange with Gail when she can pick up John to be her slave for this
demonstration!

------------------------------

The Wednesday of the following week:

The four girls arrived at my house early this evening (they were really eager!)
and we had to wait a while before Gail phoned to say everything was ready. We
drove immediately to her house, where she welcomed us warmly and settled us in
her spacious lounge with drinks in our hands.

We were all nervous and excited (none more so than me!). Then Gail said, "Well,
I guess I should go and get what you all came to see!" and went out, leaving me
and the other girls waiting, barely able to meet each other's eyes.

After only a few moments Gail returned, pushing in front of her a man, stark
naked except for a black leather helmet covering his whole head (with small
eye-holes and an opening for his mouth, blocked effectively by a large
ball-gag); his ankles were shackled with a short chain and his wrists and elbows
were tightly strapped behind him to a short pole which Gail used to force him
into the room.

My four companions gasped, I think, loudly in unison - but I was more interested
in the reaction of the naked slave. He stopped short when he saw us, obviously
very startled - but only Gail and I knew why! It was John, of course, and I
could hardly blame him for being stunned at being suddenly confronted by these
four girls who all, in a way, work for him! He certainly wouldn't have
anticipated this when he agreed to Gail's request to be her slave this evening
(which I'd said suited me fine, as I was "going out with some of the girls from
the office")!

I'm sure the other girls didn't notice John's state of near shock - after all,
they were too busy getting over their own surprise at his appearance - and Gail
covered it up very smoothly with a constant stream of chatter and making John
bow to each girl in turn (including me, of course!), introducing us as "some
ladies who have come to see how a man should really be treated!"

Then she stopped and said to him, "OK slave, now that you've seen these ladies
... if for any reason you want to call this off and go home, you can shake your
head - otherwise nod to say you'll be a good boy and submit to being used for a
demonstration of slavery and bondage."

This hadn't been mentioned in the arrangements I'd made with Gail, but I
realised she was being fair to John, and I held my breath as I waited for his
response. I knew his eyes were looking at me through the holes in his helmet and
I wondered what he was thinking. Then, very deliberately, he nodded twice and I
started breathing again!

After that the evening got more interesting. First Gail removed John's shackles
and arm bondage (but not his helmet, explaining to us that "it's just possible
one of you might recognise him from somewhere"), and showed how well-trained he
is by giving him a rapid series of curt orders.

"He has a whole set of poses and actions," she explained to us, "corresponding
to the letters of the alphabet and the numbers one to nine ... why don't you try
calling some out and see what he does?"

We did so, tentatively at first, then with increasing enthusiasm. Of course, I
had to pretend I didn't know what the codes mean, but I'm sure the other girls
wouldn't havae noticed anyway, so much were they enjoying the sight of a man
posing and displaying his nude body at their terse commands. And John was
enjoying it too - his cock got hard and stayed erect throughout his performance,
much to the delight of his audience!

Next Gail took us all into her `dungeon' to demonstrate "some real bondage and
discipline on my slave". She gave us each one of the "discipline instruments"
(as she called them) - a four-foot leather whip for me and a paddle, a thin
cane, a riding crop and a light `cat-o-nine-tails' for the other girls. She then
proceeded to tie John in a number of ways, some suitable for being whipped or
caned - a taut spreadeagle for the whip, kneeling with his arms between his
knees and wrists tied to his ankles for the paddle, bent over a narrow bench for
the crop, almost suspended by his widespread ankles for the cane (applied to the
insides of his thighs) and arched face up along the bench for the `cat'. We each
applied our `instrument' to the appropriate part of John's helpless nakedness,
some more energetically than others ... except the girl with the `cat', who
decided it would be more fun to "torment" him with pinches and tickles, sharp
fingernails and nipple clamps.

By now it was getting late, so Gail ordered John to serve us with coffee and
some cakes. When we'd finished she said, "Now our slave can have his supper!
But," she continued as she re-tied John's arms tightly behind his back, fastened
a short cord between his ankles and his prick (forcing him to kneel) and removed
his gag, "it won't be coffee and cakes for him. He's going to eat me, and then
each of you if you'd like!"

Quickly she stripped, baring her lovely slim body without a hint of coyness,
positioned herself in a comfortable chair and beckoned John to crawl between her
widespread legs. "Ah yes," she murmured as his tongue went to work in her lush
pussy, "this is the only really useful function of a slave!"

The rest of us watched in fascination as Gail used John to reach what was
clearly a very satisfying climax. Two of the girls were a little too embarrassed
to take up her offer afterwards, but the other two (and I, of course!) were only
too keen to try it. I took my turn between the two other girls, and allowed
myself to be caught up in the pleasure generated by John's busy tongue,
privately congratulating myself on the success of this surprise slave session.

My surprise came just a few minutes later, when John's gently nibbling teeth had
me hovering on the edge of coming (I had trained him well in this!) - without
any warning he gave my clit a sharp bite!

My howl of pain turned, surprisingly, into a moan of ecstasy! I'm sure John
didn't intend it, but the painful sensation in that super-sensitive spot took me
right over the top in one of the most explosive orgasms I've ever had. When I
came down to earth, I weakly pushed John away and just lay, thinking about what
he had done to me. Finally I decided that, despite the pleasure the pain had
given me, I wouldn't let him get away with it; so while he was busy between the
legs of my other workmate, I took Gail aside, quietly told her what John had
done and asked her to warn him of severe punishment to come!

Now to think of an appropriate punishment!

------------------------------

The following day:

John arrived at work quite late today, and even before going into his office he
stopped by my desk and gave me a dictation tape. "I taped this letter at home
this morning," he said briskly, "and I'd like you to listen to the whole of it
before typing it - I'd appreciate your comments first, on its tone and style."

It wasn't hard to guess the subject matter of the tape, so I put it on my
Dictaphone and sat back to listen through the earphones.

"Dear Mistress," said John's voice, "Last night you played rather a nasty trick
on me. It was no part of our Mistress/slave agreement, for me to displayed,
naked and shackled, to other people without warning. In fact, strangers would
have been better - how could you know that these girls who work for me wouldn't
recognize me even with a helmet, by the shape of my feet or a birthmark or scar?
I almost backed out when given the chance, but by then it seemed a bit too late.

"Fortunately they didn't recognize me and I must admit that in the end I rather
enjoyed the evening. Even so, I spent half the night wondering whether I should
exercise my option to end my slavery to you. I finally decided that I want to
continue as your slave, but only when I have an apology for last night and
clarification on some of the conditions of my slavery.

"As to your threat of severe punishment - I guess I deserve it, but I hope you
can understand how hurt and angry I felt? Would it be too presumptuous of me to
suggest that perhaps you might also deserve some punishment?

"I remain," he finished, "your devoted (if somewhat discontented) slave."

This letter really made me stop and think - I had to admit that John had a point
about it being unfair of me to expose him to the risk of being recognized by
people he knew but who weren't involved in the bondage/slavery scene. I asked
John on the intercom for time to think about his dictation and, after some more
thought, I decided that I needed to talk this over with Gail; she had mentioned
she would be home today, so at lunch I shut myself in an office and we had a
long chat.

She commented that some slaves are really turned on by being displayed to
strangers, but that John seems not to be one of those; this being so, she
suggested that I ought to acknowledge his complaint, otherwise I might lose him,
and he's too good a slave to lose. I agreed with this last point, and asked her
if she would mind acting as an `arbitrator' between me and John.

She agreed readily, and I returned to work feeling much more cheerful - so much
so that I really found it very difficult to keep a straight face when one of the
girls, having noticed the coolness between John and me today, offered to tell
John that I had been out with her and the others last night!

Before leaving work, I gave John a letter proposing Gail as our arbitrator and
indicating my willingness to submit to punishment if she considers I deserve it.
Now I'm waiting for his phone call in reply.

Later:

John has just phoned and accepted my proposal ... on condition he could speak to
Gail first to satisfy himself that she's not going to simply take sides with me.
I agreed, of course, and gave him her number. I guess I'll hear from her next.

------------------------------

The following Saturday (two days later):

What an incredible day it's been! Late this morning Gail phoned: "I want you
here in half an hour," she said briskly, "John is already on his way"; she hung
up without even waiting for my reply.

On my arrival at her house, she showed me into the lounge, where John was
already waiting. She sat down in a comfortable chair facing us and said with a
smile, "Well, since you're both here to defend yourselves against complaints by
the other, I think you should both be treated equally ... as prisoners!" The
smile disappeared; "And that means you'll strip naked and kneel facing me!"

I hesitated just a moment, then obeyed. I found myself getting excited at
`sharing' John's status, naked and under someone else's orders; and a glance at
him suggested he was feeling the same - his cock was standing out like a
flagpole!

"Good," said Gail, "Now, there are no favourites in my `court', so I will
address you simply as `boy' and `girl'. You will both address me as `Madam', and
you will speak only to me, never to each other. Is that clear?"

"Yes, Ma'am," we chorused.

"Right, then," she went on, "I will listen to your complaints in the order they
happened. You, boy, may stand and make your complaint." John rose, standing
stiffly to attention, and speaking carefully and formally to Gail, made
essentially the same points as he'd made to me in his dictation.

When he finished, Gail allowed me to speak in defence. I pointed out that "boy"
had submitted to being my slave until one of us opts out, that he'd been hooded
and very unlikely to be recognized, and that he had been given a chance to pull
out at the beginning. This last was curtly disallowed by Gail, who then asked
"boy" if he had anything to add, to which John replied "No, Ma'am".

I was then allowed to stand and make my complaints against John, who had to
kneel again, of course. "If it please you, Ma'am," I began, "I accuse this boy
of causing me severe pain in a very sensitive part of my anatomy ..."

"Don't waste my time, girl!" Gail interrupted sharply. "Be quite specific:
you're in no position to be coy!"

I felt myself blushing. "Er ... well, Ma'am," I stammered, then regained some
composure. "While eating my pussy, Ma'am, he bit my clit!"

Gail didn't turn a hair and simply asked, "Is that all you wish to say?"

"No, Ma'am," I continued, "May I point out that at the time `boy' was my slave
and as a slave he had no right to inflict pain on anybody, much less his
Mistress, without permission. In fact, it was as usual a great privilege for him
to be allowed to touch any woman's pussy, and he abused that privilege. He
should be severely punished."

Gail now asked John: "Do you or don't you admit that you did what `girl' claims
- and if so, do you have anything to say in your defence?"

John replied, "Yes Ma'am, I did do it - but I humbly claim extreme provocation.
I had been unfairly humiliated and I was simply reacting in hurt and anger and
wanted to `get back' at `girl' for that. And anyway," he finished almost
peevishly, "she actually got a lot of pleasure out of it!"

"I'll ignore your last remark!" snapped Gail, "I'm quite sure you didn't intend
her to enjoy what you did!" She thought for a few minutes, while John and I
waited expectantly; then she said, "You will both kneel for my decision."

"Boy," she addressed John first, "I consider your action as very serious. The
reasons you give can hardly excuse it at all, because firstly, you had the
chance to opt out (even if it was a bit late), and secondly, you should not have
taken your revenge into your own hands (or should I say, teeth?). Most
important, you did something that no man should do to a woman without
permission, especially not a slave to his Mistress."

She turned to me: "Your action, girl, was perhaps less serious, but that does
not excuse it. This boy was your slave, but he did not submit himself to total
slavery and only a total slave has no rights at all. Secondly, he is right in
claiming that the hood did not guarantee he wouldn't be recognized. As for your
other `excuse', remember that I gave him the chance to opt out, not you!"

She paused for a moment, then announced: "I think you each deserve to be
punished by the other, and my `sentence' is: for you, boy, 20 lashes with the
whip (I will allow `girl' to be kind and give you less, but a minimum of ten);
and you, girl, will get the cane, thirty strokes (with a minimum of twenty) and
also you will apologise to `boy' for springing such a surprise on him. Now, will
these punishments satisfy your complaints?"

To this question, and the next "Will you both submit to the punishments I have
pronounced?" John and I both replied, "Yes Ma'am".

"Good," continued Gail, "You can be first, boy - afterwards you'll be able to
take your revenge, shall we say, legitimately?" she finished with an enigmatic
smile at me.

I thought about her last remark while she was preparing John for his punishment,
standing with his arms stretched tautly high above his head, and I began to
realise how clever she was. She'd given me the chance to whip John as severely
as I wanted to, but he would have the last word, as it were ... and I suspected
that thirty hard strokes with the cane might not be much less painful than
twenty whip lashes! I decided that the pain he'd given me wasn't really very
important after all, so I applied the whip across his naked back without much
enthusiasm, and stopped after thirteen lashes (just a few more than the minimum
Gail had prescribed!).

Now it was my turn, and soon I found myself bent over a narrow bench with my
ankles spread apart very widely and my arms, strapped together at wrist and
elbow, drawn up towards the ceiling. Before allowing John to start caning me,
Gail held my head up quite uncomfortably by the hair and made me apologize
formally to him for the trick I had played. Then she said, "OK boy, here's the
cane ... that bottom is all yours!"

I had never been caned before, so I awaited the first stroke nervously,
wondering how much it would hurt - and whether I could endure the punishment
with any dignity.

The first stroke landed and I grunted with the pain of it (I was certain I
couldn't stand all thirty, but I clenched my teeth, determined to try). The
second seemed a lot lighter (or was I already getting used to it?) ... and the
third was little more than a tap!

Suddenly I heard the cane clattering on the floor and felt hands and lips
tenderly touching the weal on my bottom! Imagine my amazement when John cried,
between kisses, "I can't do it! I can't hurt my Mistress' lovely body like this!
Please forgive me, Mistress ... I'll be your total slave and you can treat me
just as you like!"

"Well, well, well," exclaimed Gail, "Your revenge wasn't quite so important
after all, was it? However, I did set a penalty for her and I think she should
get it!"

"No Ma'am, please!" begged John. "Cane me instead of her!"

There was silence for a minute or so while Gail considered this, then she
replied, "OK boy ... but I insist she has to get some of the strokes I sentenced
her to. I'll give you the minimum of twenty and she'll get the other ten. Now,
how will we set you both up for this?"

Before long she had us ready, facing each other and nearly hanging from our
wrists tied together above our heads; straps around our waists and shoulders
pressed our naked bodies tightly together. I was very conscious of my breasts
crushed against John's chest and of his cock, erect as usual, swelling between
my legs, and this excitement increased noticeably in spite of the sting of the
cane landing ten times across my bottom. Gail gave John two strokes to each one
she gave me, but I'm quite certain she put a lot more effort into my ten than
into John's twenty!

When the last stroke had landed, John said very humbly; "Thank you, Ma'am, for
letting me take some of my Mistress' punishment."

Gail replied, "My pleasure, boy. And what about you, girl ... are you properly
chastened?"

"Yes thank you, Ma'am," I said, then blurted, "but now may my slave please eat
me?!"

Gail clearly sensed my excitement, and she quickly untied John and made him
kneel, his face just at the level of my pussy, which she opened for his
attentions by spreading my legs very wide. I came almost as soon as his tongue
touched my clit, but Gail didn't let him stop and soon I was writhing (so far as
I could!) and moaning as my excitement built up again.

John's talented tongue was coaxing me towards another climax, and I had flung my
head back in the midst of an ecstatic moan, when I felt something touch my tits
very gently. I looked down ... just in time to see Gail's hand bring a thin cane
accurately (the touch a moment before was just for aim) across both my nipples,
tautly stretched by my position and distended by my arousal! As with John's
teeth the other evening, the intense pain brought on an even more intense
orgasm, which just seemed to go on and on ...

My next memory is of thinking, "It is true - pain can give pleasure!" I found
myself lying back in a deep armchair; John was kneeling at my feet and Gail was
sitting in another chair regarding me with the hint of a smile.

"Well, hello," she said, "I hope you didn't enjoy that too much - otherwise I
might find myself with a new slave and John here won't have a Mistress! He and I
have been chatting and now he wants to say something to you ..."

I looked at John, not sure what to expect. "Please, Mistress," he said, "I want
to submit to full-time, complete slavery - for you to do with me exactly as you
please. Will you accept me, worthless slave that I am?"

I couldn't speak, partly through weariness and partly through sheer surprise,
but after a moment I managed to nod. Gail moved in smoothly and said to John,
"You're a lucky slave, aren't you? But there are a few details stil to be sorted
out, like ... will you live in a cell at her house? will you be allowed to go to
work? will you sell your flat? Are you prepared (as a sign of your good faith)
to wear this cock-ring for as long as it takes to finally arrange everything?"

John hesitated, but then "Yes please, Ma'am," he said and grasping his ankles he
arched his back in the `pose' to present his prick for the ring. He winced a
little but didn't complain as Gail fitted it quite tightly, commenting to me as
she did so: "You're very lucky too. I think you have the makings of a very good,
real, full-time slave here, and I hope you don't spoil your chance. I have a
suggestion to make ..."

I still can't quite believe this all happened today ... I keep touching my
extremely tender nipples and the weals on my bum to convince myself! I don't
think I'll ever get to sleep tonight!

-----------------------------

Several weeks later:

The girls at the office gave me a nice farewell party today. Nothing was said,
but I'm certain they expected an announcement that I'm going to marry John. I
doubt if they'd believe it if they knew the truth ....

I came home a bit early, and when John left work he drove straight home,
stripped naked and put on the shackles I had prescribed - before even daring to
present himself to me. Like any good slave, he cooked and served dinner, and now
he's kneeling at my feet studying share prices while I use his naked back as my
footstool!

Gail's suggestion has turned out perfectly! I got an acceptable price for my
house (including the `punishment' room!) from another Mistress friend; John's
flat brought even more and we've been able to buy this older house with lots of
rooms and even a large basement. With Gail's contribution (part of the large
profit she's already made through John's speculations), we've installed lots of
gear for bondage and discipline ... and the basement is now set up as two very
realistic `dungeons'!

So now I'm all ready to start my life as a professional Mistress. I already have
two appointments next week, with men who are willing to pay to be treated as
slaves - bound, disciplined and humiliated. And I'm very hopeful of making a
deal with a woman to give her husband-slave an intensive period of 'training'.
It could be quite hard work but I'm confident I can make a lot of money.

In the meantime, John's income will keep us going; we already have a ritual each
payday, in which he brings me - on his knees - every penny he earns... in cash!
No longer is he my boss during working hours and my slave only on occasions; now
he is my 24-hour slave, working only to provide me with money, and spending the
rest of the day - and night! - naked, shackled and completely subservient to me.
And he's fully aware that I intend to use him in my business - as a `guinea-pig'
to demonstrate my bondage ideas to other Mistresses, to assist me in training
other slaves, and even to hire out to clients (perhaps while I'm giving their
own slaves some training!).

In a few minutes I'll make him eat my pussy, then I think he can spend the night
in one of the `dungeons'. In fact, maybe he can spend the whole weekend down
there ... between doing his chores and serving me in other ways!

My boss is now truly my slave!




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Desmios


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





