BDSM Library - The Undoing of Barbara




The Undoing of Barbara
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This is the story of a beautiful woman whose passionate fantasies and desires finally led to her own undoing. In my imagination and my story, Barbara looks very much like the English fashion model Liz Hurley only with a much bigger ass.
              The Undoing of Barbara

Introduction:

This is the story of a beautiful woman whose passionate fantasies and desires
finally led to her own undoing. In my imagination and my story, Barbara looks
very much like the English fashion model Liz Hurley only with a much bigger ass.

Chapter one.

As the powerful black limo navigated the narrow country road leading to the
remote seaside cliffs of western Scotland. Barbara who was sitting in the rear
seat, looked out the window and took in the dark storm engulfing everything
around her. Although it was only late afternoon, it was dark and the temperature
outside was almost freezing. What was she going to find when she arrived in that
remote castle on the cliff side, so far away from any village or town. Was she
finally going to realize her fantasies and deepest desires to be completely
overwhelmed by her future experiences, her passion to find and experience
something different had made her try many things but no matter what adventure
she got herself into, after a while it became predictable and boring. She
reflected on the past and the events that led to her now on her way to meet this
mysterious professor who had so intrigued her and who her best friend and mentor
had done her best  to advise her that what she was asking of her would put her
on an adventure from which there might be no way out. But let us reflect on the
events of the past week.

Barbara was too pretty for her own good. Her beautiful face and stunning body
with those long legs and that huge firm ass of hers, together with her chestnut
hair which reached almost down to her ass she was any mans dream. She had always
had a submissive nature and wanted to be dominated. In school she was always the
favourite of her teachers to be spanked and during her last two years at school
she had more than her share of corporal punishment

After school she had wandered from one relationship into another trying to find
some bizarre adventure but nothing satisfied her until one day in a singles bar
she had come across this mysterious woman to whom she had confessed her
frustration at not finding any interesting encounters. That same night the woman
took her to her house, out of town and had seduced her and from that night on
had pushed her into a world filled with people that offered her the most diverse
experiences. She had been sodomized, tied up in every way, whipped and many
other such encounters. This was four years ago, and now at the tender age of
twenty eight she had become bored again with the predictability of these
sessions. She asked many times her lady mentor what else there was for her to
try and for a while the woman had said there was nothing else. But after some
time, as her mentor saw her frustration getting out of control, she said there
was this man that rarely came to their exclusive fetish club, to which they were
members, but most of the women avoided him and there was a rumor that two women
who had decided to visit him were never heard of again, but there was no
evidence and the matter was kept quiet, people in this club didn't want any
probing into what they practised. Barbara had from that moment on besieged her
mentor for any information about this man and what was his desires. Her mentor
told her that he lived very far away in a castle up  west and that he was some
kind of scientist and did some weird experiments. After a lot of pressure,
Barbara's mentor relented and promised to introduce her to his next time he
showed up at the club.

Sure enough, that past Friday night after Barbara had dressed in her most sexy
clothes,  silk shirt with a deep V so most of her large breasts were exposed,
tight black leather skirt which made her ass look even bigger and high stiletto
black shoes, glossy red lipstick and  not a hair on her body except her lovely
main done perfectly, the man was sitting as usual in his private booth with the
curtains drawn. Barbara's heart was beating fast as her mentor had visited the
man to ask if he would be interested to meet Barbara.

Finally after half an hour, her mentor emerged from the booth and told Barbara
that the man would see her, but she begged her one more time to reconsider her
decision, as now that she had seen him up close she thought he looked utterly
creepy. Barbara would have none of this, she went into the ladies room were she
retouched her make up and with great anticipation parted the curtains, and
entered the private booth. The instant she saw the man she knew somehow that she
was meeting someone that was ultimately evil and for once she had doubts as to
what she was letting herself into.

His face was harder than granite, chiselled features that somehow had a peculiar
green sheen to them. His nose was beaked and thin and his eyes were green bur
surrounded with red veins. His ears were slightly pointed and flat on his head.
He had no hair whatsoever  on his head  and when he greeted her she notices that
his teeth also had a green sheen to them. She senses fear in herself but her
excitement had reached such a lever that she just didn't care. He got up to
greet her and he was far taller than her with heavy set shoulders. She sat next
to him and crossed her legs to show them off to him and yes, he looked at them
hungrily. He didn't bother himself with too many words but came straight to the
point. -My name is Gronn, and you are Barbara. You are very pretty and I have
seen you often here. I understand from your friend that you want to meet me and
give yourself to me. I must confess I would like that very much but for you to
become mine I must ask you to take the following steps and if you accept, then
you will become mine whether you like it or not. Barbara's excitement had
reached such a level now that she was not thinking normally. -Please tell me
what I have to do. She asked. -Firstly I want you to take of all your clothes
and let me see you naked. There it was, just like that, she was asked by a
complete stranger to undress, any other woman would have walked out but Barbara
was not you average woman.  She looked at him for a second, then stood up and
started undressing. Soon she was standing completely naked in front of him only
wearing her high heeled shoes. -Come close to me. He told her. When she was
standing in front of him, he cupped her breasts in his hands and said
mysteriously "There big and still fresh, they'll be filled perfectly".

Then he put his hands on her flat belly and then her pussy, he pushed a finger
inside her pussy, then he asked her to turn around and bend over. He then pushed
a finger in her anus. His fingers were abnormally long and his nails also had a
green sheen on them. After inserting the rest of his finger in her anus and
keeping it there for a while, he pulled it out and told her " You are a hot
woman, it doesn't take much for you to cum, that's good, as I will need you to
orgasm often to achieve my goal", another mysterious comment. -Sit next to me,
he ordered her. -Listen carefully, he told her, there are two kinds of slaves,
there are those who want to pretend they are slaves and there are those who
truly become one. I have no use for the first kind. I you truly want to belong
to me, you must accept to put on this collar. He reached into his coat pocket
and pulled out what looked like a golden collar unlike anything she  had ever
seen before. It was wide and rather thick, it had little red rubies around it
and the lock was very secure.  -If you accept to allow me to put this collar
around your neck, he told her, it will drain all of your power to resist me. It
will control your mind so completely that you will become totally submissive
without any will to resist. In other words, you will be totally under my control
whether you like it or not. You will belong therefore to me to use your body in
any way I want and use it for whatever purpose I deem it should be used. If you
do accept, I promise you, you will  experience things you cannot even begin to
imagine. If you accept come and kneel in front of me and let me change your life
forever.

Barbara now was beyond any control, her pussy was soaking wet with the
anticipation of entering into the unknown. Her naked body shivered with the
anticipation of things to come. Of course she did not believe  that the collar
had such power to render her helpless, she thought it was just another make
believe game like all the others she had played up to now in those other
sessions she had participated. This would be her biggest mistake and the last
one she would ever make.

She remained seated naked next to him for a while, enjoying the lust for her
body, she could see in his eyes. She decided to allow him to put the collar on
her, eager for whatever was to come. She slowly and sensually got up and stood
in front of him, she lowered submissively her eyes, as was expected in the past
sessions and kneeled in front of him.  With an evil smile she could not see, her
master to be moved forward and produced a complicated cock gag, it was only four
inches long and slowly slid it into her mouth, he started tying up the straps
that fitted over and around her head and under her chin. When he had finished,
she realized that she could not utter any sounds, she had never tried a gag so
efficient.

-You need this gag, he told her, as very soon you will scream a lot and I don't
want to draw any attention to us. He then produced the golden collar, lifted her
long chestnut hair and fitted it around her neck, then brought the two ends of
the lock close together and stopped. He pushed her head  from under her chin and
looked into her eyes and told her " Once this lock closes you will change
forever  you will have no will and your body will not respond to you, it will
only do what I tell it, when the lock is closed your fate will be sealed and
nobody will be able to help you, you will enter a path from which there is no
return, do you still want to do this?"

Barbara was beyond any coherent thinking, she was now so turned on, still
believing that this was just another session, nodded her head in acceptance, and
the lock closed shut.

Almost immediately the lock clicked shut a blinding pain shot through her entire
body, flashes of searing white pain coursed though her brain, she throw her head
back to scream but no sound came out of the cock gag, she felt herself burning
up with unbearable heat her breasts felt swollen and her nipples stood erect and
swollen, she lost her vision for a few seconds as the pain in her head became so
strong that she could not support herself in her kneeling position and fell onto
the knees of her new master.

He supported her  so she would not fall, grabbed the hair at the back of her
head and lifted her beautiful face towards him. Her eyes had gone up backwards
from the unbearable pain and only the whites of her eyes could be seen, she felt
like molten lava was filling her head but she could still hear him as he told
her "Your brain is being erased from all wilful thoughts, it is being
reprogrammed to respond only to my voice, the process is irreversible you are
being changed forever, my little slave, and your nightmares are only just
beginning,

Unbelievably the pain increased even more but now moved to other parts of her
body, the feeling of being filled with molten lava reached her breasts and again
she throw her head back and screamed into the cock gag but no sound was ever
heard. The pain then moved to her womb, then her ass, which also seemed to swell
then down her legs and then stopped and left her as though it had never been.
She wanted to run out of the booth to ask for help, try somehow to escape this
terrible nightmare she had so willingly let herself into, but her body would not
respond she just lay there unable to move. What had she let herself into, this
thing was real, after all, the man wasn't joking and now she was completely  at
his mercy, she had become just a body with no will of her own.

-Kneel straight, the voice of her master told her and she felt her body
responding and  kneeling again in front of him. He undid the straps of the cock
gag and unfastened the golden collar, pushed again under her chin to lift her
beautiful face looked at her in the eyes and told her " I know what you're
thinking, you're asking what did you get yourself into, well it's time to give
you a little sample before we leave, now open your mouth wide" and she did just
that. He moved his face back a bit and opened his mouth  and it kept opening far
beyond that of a normal person and out started sliding a thick green slithery
tongue, it's tip shaped like a man's cock only much bigger and from the hole on
it's tip a green thick liquid oozed.

Her eyes opened wide and she wanted to recoil and run away from it but her body
remained were it was with her mouth wide open. his slithery tongue still kept
coming out, the head now touched her left nipple oozing over it some green
slime, then went up to her neck, her chin and then found her open mouth and
slithered in. Although her mouth was opened as far as it would it still filled
it completely, suddenly more of his green tongue slithered out of his mouth and
the tip of it that was now in her mouth slithered with a rush down her throat
and she felt it reach her stomach and start to move around inside her.  More and
more of his green tongue rushed down her throat and coiled itself in her
stomach, somehow she could still breath. As more of his tongue filled her
stomach she felt herself being filled to bursting point. Suddenly she was
horrified to see that there was an end to this green slimy tongue coming out of
his mouth, the end looking the same as the tip in the beginning, it also went
into her mouth and slid down her throat, she now felt he stomach so heavy and
bloated, she wanted to put her hands around it but they would not respond, she
just remained there on her knees with her mouth still open.

Her master's mouth returned back to normal and he told her " You have just met
intimately one of my pets, he liked you from the first moment we saw you, he
will remain inside you until we arrive at my castle in the meantime he will suck
up some of your body fluids, this will make you thirsty but we'll nourish you
when we arrive there. Now close your mouth, don't put any clothes on and follow
me.




Chapter two

Her master got up and pushed against the wall were unknown to but a few was a
hidden passage from which he had led his other victims, but none of them as
beautiful as the now helpless Barbara. She tried to get up but felt herself too
heavy and out of balance with this thing inside her, Her master walked behind
her, grabbed her by her hair and pulled her to her feet. She could see her
stomach how bloated it was, and she felt the revulsion of having this thing
inside her but she could no longer do anything unless told so. She followed him
naked down a secret staircase and into a private parking lot were there was only
his black limo waiting for them. The driver was waiting by the car dressed in an
overcoat with the lapels unfolded upwards and a hat on his head. She could not
see his face but there were two yellow dots of light were his eyes should be. He
opened the rear door for them and her master told her to sit inside next to him,
and the long drive to his castle begun, and this is were she was now at the
beginning of the story.

During the trip her master said very little except fondling her breasts several
times. The last hour or so the slimy thing had moved around inside her making
her immensely  uncomfortable and by now she was feeling very thirsty it must be
sucking away all the moisture from inside her. Once again she reflected on her
predicament, realizing that in her pursuit for  something unusual she had gotten
far more than she ever bargained for, she  was now just a body, nothing else,
she could never move unless told so and it was forever. She suddenly realized,
however that her predicament was turning her on, was it this situation that she
had been subconsciously looking for all her life? To be totally helpless and at
the mercy of someone else who would offer her unimaginable experiences? Yes she
decided, it was what she had been looking for and now there was just no way out
of it, she would just have to wait and see what was in store for her, shocked to
discover that she secretly hoped whatever was in store for her would be
overwhelming.

Finally his castle appeared in the distance, looking large and imposing, built
at the edge of a cliff and combined with the massive storm raging with lightings
and thunders it was like a scene out of a horror movie, only this was real. 
They drove up to the entrance and as they approached part of the wall next to
the old wooden doors started going up and they drove straight in. Once inside
the car stopped and they started going upwards until they emerged on an enormous
living room typical of a medieval castle. It was the size of a football field
with a giant fireplace filled with logs burning furiously. The driver got out
and opened their door and her master got out and told her " Get out of the car
and walk with me". Her body obeyed him only she still found it hard to move with
the thing inside her, he once again helped her by pulling her by her hair, but
now she felt very weak, that thing must have sucked up all her energy. She
walked behind him until they were in front of the huge fire place  and he told
her " Now stop and get down on your hands and knees" and she did. He bent down
and massaged her stomach and said " My dear pet we're home now you can come out,
our new slave needs nourishment" She suddenly felt the thing inside her move and
had time only to utter a small cry as her throat was filled by the slimy
creature which stretched her mouth open almost to breaking point as it started
sliding out, When she saw it she realized it was much thicker, almost bloated
from the juices it had consumed inside her and it was much longer as it went on
and on sliding out of her. Finally the end tip came out of her mouth and she
felt a tremendous relief of being empty inside her, she looked at the creature
and realized it had grown to almost double it's length, as it coiled and writhed
on the floor it must have extended to six feet in length. She heard her master
say " Yes, it fed well, he knew you were special the moment we saw you judging
from the fact that it remained inside you for the past six hours, it only stayed
half an hour inside my last slave, he didn't like her at all and neither did my
colleagues she didn't orgasm much but then she wasn't half as sexy or hot as you
are. Now stand up and look at me as I will now reveal my true self to you".

Barbara stood up and faced her master, as he started undressing. To her horror
she saw that what lay beneath was not human, what stood now tall and erect in
front of her was a green slimy body with eight tentacles on each side,  ten foot
long tentacles their tips were like the heads of that slimy creature that came
out of her, resembling the head of a human penis but with a mouth with little
sharp teeth were the hole should have been. The seven lower tentacles, on each
side were at least three inches in diameter whereas the last top ones on each
side were slimmer ones about an inch and half and after the gloves came off
which made for the human hands the ends were shaped like cups looking green
flowers but with lots of small needle like teeth at their centre. Once again she
felt the urge to run away but that was a thing of the past, she no longer
controlled her body. The one of his tentacles reached up to his head and pulled
the skin of his face off and she realized that he had been wearing a mask.  His
head was even more horrifying than his body. It was slimy and green with no hair
on it, only the eyes were the same, There were no ears, only holes were they
should have been. The mouth was wide and on each side of it the were two foot
long green tentacles that slithered and moved around as if of their own
volition, these were the thickness of a human finger. However the most
frightening sight was his penis. It was also green and massive, it was at least
two feet long and two inches in diameter, the head looked like the human penis
but was covered with what looked like spiky hair. His legs  were long and seemed
to have two knee joints and the feet resembled those of a duck only much bigger.

-What you see now in front of you, he told her, is the ultimate biological
engineering I created a long time ago, me and my two colleagues discovered a way
to restructure our bodies to our own designs therefore not only making them far
superior to anything human but we have also become immortal. Our power is
unimaginable, we never sleep and our mental abilities are unlimited. There was
only one flaw in the whole process. Surprisingly we discovered that no other
food will sustain us except the secretions from a female body. Most of our
energy will be derived from your orgasms but we need other nourishment also but
again we cannot have it direct, it will have to fed to you and then we will feed
through you. The last slave was not half as sexy as you are and were left
starving, but now that you are here were will feel whole again. _I will now call
the last slave to come and take you to wash you and make you up and then take
you to the nourishing plant to have you filled up. Tonight I will feed from you
and then you will meet my other two colleagues who are also starving.

From the far side of the room a female form appeared and started walking towards
them, as she got closer Barbara saw it was a woman she had met some time ago at
the club only she looked completely worn out, her face looked tired and she had
deep lines on the sides of her mouth, she had lost a lot of weight and her
ribcage showed, like someone anorexic, her breasts were completely flat and had
been impossibly stretched, they were down to her navel and covered with stretch
marks and her nipples were hollow in their middle. She was also wearing high
heeled shoes but instead of the sensual way a woman should walk in such shoes,
she seemed barely to be dragging her legs. She came and stood in front of them.

-She was a disappointing selection, her master said, although she was pretty, it
proved difficult for her to orgasm and while feeding us she would only climax
once, she was just not sexy enough and she almost starved us. But now that you
are here, we have no more use for her so she will be sent for breeding. What
changes you see on her body are inevitable, as feeding us constantly takes it's
toll. Eventually after some time your body will look like hers. Barbara shivered
inside of her at those words, imagining her own beautiful breasts flattened like
those she was seeing, she suddenly realized something else of her predicament,
in all her other experiences there was always an end to the sessions, here there
was none, she would not be leaving from this castle, ever. -Take her, bath her,
make her up and take her to the feeding plant, their master said. Both started
moving away with Barbara following the other slave, they entered a massive
staircase that led down into the bowels of the castle. Once there, they arrived
at a marble pool, the older slave took off her shoes and then bent down and took
off Barbara's shoes off. She led her into the pool were the water was warm,
picked a bar of scented soap and started washing Barbara's body and hair. When
it was over, she led Barbara out of the pool and as the older slave went up the
few steps leading out of the water, Barbara noticed that her anus was completely
open, not only that but the hole was also very large. What could stretch an anus
that wide she thought.

The older slave sat her in front of a mirror, at a dressing table and combed her
hair and then applied sensual makeup on her face. As their heads were close
Barbara noticed the lines on the sides of her eyes and was amazed at how tired
that face looked. In the pool she had gotten a close look at her breasts and
could not believe that anything could stretch a woman's breasts to such a degree
they had been stretched like rubber, more that twice their normal length and
were just flat about half an inch thick. Once the makeup finished, she led her
again to another staircase and descended deeper into the castle until they
reached another room with a pool. At the far end of the room the wall seemed to
be covered by a creeper plant, they walked towards it and six feet before the
creeping plant she noticed a wooden structure resembling those medieval
punishment boards that the criminals had their head and wrists put between the
two woods and then the two pieces would close shut and there was no escape from
such a restriction. This one however was specially made, firstly, she noticed it
was padded so as not to hurt the person it kept trapped, secondly there were
three of them a different heights. The older slave brought her close then turned
her facing away from the plant, opened the three pieces of restrain and made
Barbara fit into them. She had to get down to her knees, then she bent her
forward and fit her neck and wrists into the first restrain and brought the
other half of the wood shut and pulled the lock on the side. The openings were
just the right size and her neck and wrists fitted snugly with no chance of
release. While she had leaned forward her belly had fitted into another such
wooden restrain and the older slave  swung the other half over closing the two
parts together and pushing the lock shut. Then did the same thing with the
wooded restrain that held her ankles.  Barbara thought to herself why all these
restrains, since whatever was going to happen, she couldn't runaway unless her
mater's voice told her to do so. Now her task completed, the older slave walked
away and left her alone.

Barbara stayed there for a long time and was reflecting on her position. Did she
like what had happened to her, and decided she did despite what the future held
for her, at least she had found what others in that club called "the ultimate
submission" a thing that existed only in their imagination, a fantasy world
that, they said did not exist. Well, they were wrong, "the ultimate submission"
did exist and she had unthinkingly put herself into it. She found herself being
turned on by the finality of her situation, no amount of fantasy play in that
club could render her more helpless than  the way her master had and it was
permanent, for the rest of her life she would be just a mindless body and that
left her completely at the mercy of her master. While she was having these
thoughts she did not notice the rustling noise behind her until she felt
something touching her feet, she then heard the sound of branches moving and
suddenly there were sensations all over her legs the thighs of long things
sliding over her. The tree had smelled the secretions from her pussy and had
woken up, sliding its smooth surfaced branches over her body exploring every
part of her. She felt smooth branched coiling around her thighs  and then moving
around her big ass and then her belly, they stopped just under her breasts but
more and more of them coiled around her slowly tightening their grip. She felt
two branches sliding into the crack of her ass and slowly pulling her ass cheeks
apart exposing her anus to the cool air of the room, a different branch with a
flower like head approached her anus and she felt it start to lick at her nether
hole, it secreted a thick pink lubricating substance and smeared it all over her
hole, then it moved it's small slippery tongue inside her anus and started
spewing more of the substance inside her. After a while it stopped and withdrew.
In the meantime the branches coiled around her body became tighter, holding her
in a vice like grip. A different branch now emerged from the tree, one that was
much smoother that the rest and had four extensions which started elongating
themselves, the tips of these extensions had round soft lips and their thickness
grow from half an inch to two inches within after about half a foot of length.
They spread in different directions, one resting on her anus and she gasped as
it insinuated itself inside her hole, it stopped when it was only an inch inside
her and started a massaging movement, having experienced anal sex often in the
past, she found herself being turned on by the sensual way the branch was moving
inside her. Two other extensions moved to her dangling breasts and opened their
soft lips and engulfed her already hard nipples, sucking them and gently
squeezing them offering a sensation that aroused her even more, the last
extension slid it's way in front of her face and it's soft lips started
caressing her own, just like a lover would. She instinctively knew it wanted to
gain access into her mouth and she felt she would welcome the intrusion, just
then the branches coiled around her body tightened even more  and she opened her
lips and moaned at the discomfort and the extension slid inside her mouth.

Then things began to change, the two soft lips sucking her nipples suddenly
created a powerful vacuum sucking her nipples inside them and painfully
elongating them, she cried out despite the branch in her mouth as she felt her
nipples being sucked on so hard she felt the might burst. Suddenly she felt the
soft branch in her anus starting to slide deeper into her, reaching the part
were it was two inches thick and stretching her anus more than any penis ever
did, again she threw her head back and screamed in protest but the branch kept
sliding deeper and deeper into her. When it had pushed nearly twenty inches
inside her it started a throbbing in and out motion which gradually, despite the
pain of her stretched anus, started turning on. The branch in her mouth was now
caressing sensually her tongue and exploring her mouth, and as the sensation in
her anus aroused her more and more she found herself sucking on the branch as
though it was a penis. She begun now to enjoy the painful sucking sensations on
her nipples and started building up and eventually having the most powerful
orgasm she had ever had in her life. The branches, coiled around her body
somehow felt the ecstasy she was feeling and tightened their grip even more
making her feel she was in a steel vice like grip. Then things changed once
again. As her orgasm subsided, she felt a different pressure on her nipples and
there was something starting to seep into her breasts filling them up, whatever
it was it was uncomfortably warm. It kept on and on until she felt her breasts
to start being painfully enlarged. As they reached the point of being filled so
much that they felt as though they would burst, the mouths on her nipples
released their sucking pressure and resumed their caressing licking. Barbara
felt her breast massively heavy now, suddenly the branches coiled around her
lower belly relaxed their grip but still remained coiled around her, then the
branch deep in her ass stopped it's  movement and started spewing it's thick
pink liquid inside her. She moaned as she felt her bowels being filled, just
like an enema she had once had during those sessions at the club, only the
liquid filling her now was too warm and thick feeling like liquid fire spreading
inside her. It kept on and on filling her until her belly felt bloated and still
there was more poring into her. Soon so much was she filled that her whole body
broke out in cold sweat. Then it stopped and the branch slowly withdrew from her
anus leaving only the soft tip inside her which started massaging again her
anus, soothing it from the difficult stretching it had endured. Suddenly the
branch in her mouth started also spewing the hot thick pink liquid and she knew
she had to swallow it, it seemed to know how much she could handle and kept the
quantity just enough not to make her choke. It had the taste of human sperm with
a honey like streak in it. Again it kept on and on until she felt she could not
swallow any more but still it came and now just as she felt her stomach filled
completely, it stopped and withdrew. Suddenly all four extensions released
themselves from her and withdrew as did the branches coiled around her body.
When she was completely released she felt overwhelmingly bloated by all the
liquid she had inside her but still the memory of that massive orgasm remained
strong in her mind.




Chapter three

Barbara was left restrained in her bloated state for almost an hour, at least,
she thought, the liquid she had swallowed had replenished the moisture that
creature inside her had depleted. Then she heard movement and her master
appeared in front of her. His tentacles explored her bloated breasts and belly
and he told her " I wasright all along about you, you've taken twice as much
nourishment inside you as the last slave did" he released her from her restrains
and pulled up from her hair as she was now so heavy she could not get up without
help.

- Follow me to my room, I just can't wait to start feeding on you. He said. Her
body responded to his command and they went up the staircase until they reached
one of the towers of the castle and entered what he called his bedroom. Instead
of a bed there was a very big pool filled with warm water with a thick mist on
it's surface.

-We don't sleep on beds, he told her, we sleep in water, it keeps us moist and
vitalizes us. Now walk down the steps into the pool and wait for me, I'm not
only going to feed on you, I will fuck you at the same time, as I need your
secretions. Her body obeyed and she stepped into the warm water and waited for
him, wandering what he would do to her now. He soon followed her and entered the
pool, came close to her and she felt his tentacles surrounding her two of them
coiling around her ankles and spreading her long legs apart two more coiled
around her wrists lifting her arms up and then bending them behind her head and
pining them there. Two more coiled around the bases of her breast and squeezed
tight on them their heads opened their small mouths and clamped on her nipples,
their sharp teeth piercing her soft skin biting deep. Barbara threw back her
head and screamed from the shocking pain their teeth caused, but there was more,
a needle sharp tongue shot out of the two mouths and pierced the centre of each
nipple diving deep into her breasts, again she screamed from the unbearable
pain, she could see no mercy on the face of her master, only an expression of
immense satisfaction. Then she felt her bloated breasts being drained from the
hot liquid that filled them and she kept on screaming. The tentacles rearranged
themselves and turned her around, now her back was facing her master, he brought
his face close to her right ear and as she was still moaning from the searing
pain on her breasts he told her, "The nourishment you are giving me is
excellent, you are going to keep me and my colleagues well fed for a long time.
Another reason I liked you is when your mentor at the club came to ask me if I
would like to meet you, she told me you liked getting fucked in the ass, well
you will be constantly fucked in your ass by me and my colleagues, you will only
be fucked in your pussy when you have nothing more to offer us and it will be
time for you to breed our offspring. Oh no, Barbara thought, it would be
impossible for her to take his massive penis in her ass and what was this he was
saying about breeding? But she had no time to think anything else as she felt
the head of his massive penis pressing against her anus which was still well
lubricated from the plant. The pressure increased and reluctantly her anus
started opening, the head of his penis making it stretch more and more until it
gained on her and started moving inside her. Once again Barbara threw her head
back and screamed at the unbearable pain as her anus was being stretched far
beyond it's limits. She felt him slide more and more of his penis inside her
until she felt deep in her belly it's head moving things aside inside her to
make room for itself and still more was entering her, she was now beyond
screaming, she just moaned as flashes of red hot pain shot from her anus and now
from inside her belly as she now had two solid feet of his penis inside her. To
make matters worse one of his upper tentacles which the end looked like a
flower, engulfed her clitoris it's sharp teeth biting through the soft flesh and
then started humming like a vibrator. Barbara again screamed from the searing
pain on her clit thinking that she couldn't take much more of this but there was
more to come. She felt the head of his penis moving around in her bloated belly
and suddenly the thick liquid was being drained from inside her. Now the mouths
with the sharp teeth on her nipples started to hum also and the massive penis in
her ass started withdrawing a foot out of her anus and then slowly going back in
again, with time it increased it's rhythm and despite the terrible pain she was
now feeling all over her body, she felt the first tingling of excitement.

Her master brought his face close to her ear again and she felt the tentacles
from each side of his mouth caressing her ear lobes and he whispered to her
"You're starting to like my penis in your ass don't you, you slut". She moaned
as her excitement started taking over her senses, that massive cock in her ass
making her welcome the pain it was causing her and feeling it reaching deep in
her belly.

-Tell me you slut, do you like my cock in your ass?

-Yes, she whispered.

-I can't hear you, speak louder, he commanded.

-Yes, she said louder this time.

-Tell me what it feels like, slut, do you want me to go on? He ordered her
again.

-It feels like you're killing me but don't stop, I want it to go on.

-Do you want to feel my cock get wider and go deeper and hurt you even more, you
slut?

Barbara was once again being taken over by her excitement feeling the beginning
of a gigantic orgasm and her thoughts were clouded.

-Yes she moaned to him, I want your penis to become much wider and go much
deeper inside me, I want it to hurt me much more. And her wish was granted,
suddenly his penis started expanding all around it's length stretching her anus
far beyond it's human limits, Barbara threw back her  head and screamed more
than any other time she also felt it going deeper inside her pushing her
intestines aside to make room for itself feeling it reaching up to her navel
causing unimaginable pain inside her belly. His penis grew again  more wide
making her become almost hysterical in her screaming and she thought she was
seeing stars from the flashes of red hot pain shooting from her anus and from
inside her belly.  Her anus was now stretched four inches across and his penis
started once again sliding a foot out of her and then sliding back in, the
humming of the mouths covering her nipples and clit intensified and after some
time her screams turned into moans of pleasure as once again she started
welcoming the penis violating her anus. It took more time now but she felt
herself building up to that gigantic orgasm that had slipped away from her when
his phallus grew bigger. Her master brought his face close to her ear one more
time and asked her "Starting to feel good again slut?"

-Yes, she moaned as her excitement build up.

-Shall I ask my colleagues to fuck you in the ass and hurt you more than I do, 
make you feel you're being split apart,

-Uhh, yes, she moaned as her orgasm built, I want them to split me apart.  And
then her orgasm hit her, she threw her head back and cried out as the most
massive orgasm of her life made her body shudder, quickly his other tentacle
with the flower like end went to the opening of her pussy and greedily started
sucking up her juices. She shuddered again and again and moaned and cried out in
pure bliss and her master started glowing as he sucked in her secretions and
became revived again after such a long time.

-Yes you beautiful slut cum hard and give me your juices, he said, I'm also
cuming now.

And he did, but not in the manner she expected, suddenly there were jolts of
electricity down the length of his entire penis making her anus hyper sensitive
and the mouths on the nipples and clit also jolted with the electrical discharge
driving her up to a higher level of ecstasy and bringing to another massive
orgasm, so strong that when it subsided a long time later she was left sobbing.

-I was right about her, her master thought, her juices are not only plentiful
but rich in nutrients also, she must be used constantly to revive us all and
derive from her the maximum energy, however this will ware her out much faster
than the previous slaves who lasted usually for three months, if they fed from
her constantly, Barbara would be rendered useless in less than a month. He felt
no pity for her, for him she was now just a mindless body which he would exploit
to it's last drop of usefulness and then feed her to his plants to gradually
consume her like they did with the rest of them. His only concern was how to
find afterwards another body as rich as hers. He kept fucking her in the ass for
another two hours, and as she became accustomed to the size of his giant penis,
her orgasms became more frequent. Finally when she felt she could not take any
more, he released her and pulled himself out of her. When his penis finally
slipped out of her, her anus remained open for a few minutes and she felt the
warm water of the pool rushing into her soothing the burning sensation his penis
had left on her anus. She could see through the window that it was dark out
side, it must be late evening, strangely, however she did not feel as tired as
she normally should, after all she had been through the last couple of hours, it
must be the nourishment the plant had given her, she just felt worn out, also
the liquids the plant had filled her with had been completely drained out of her
body. Nothing in her past had prepared her for the kind if sex her master
offered her and still she hadn't experienced his colleagues yet, what did they
look like, and what would they do to her she wandered, and felt a tingle of
anticipation course through her body.




Chapter four

Suddenly the old slave appeared nest to the marble pool and her master said " go
with her and let her wash you again and make you up and then take you to the
feeding plant to replenish you with nourishment, as you will meet one of my
colleagues who is very hungry and who also wants to fuck you.

An hour later she was ready, only she had received much more liquid inside her
than before. The plant had squeezed her much more tightly this time, almost
crushing her and had been more sensual in it's ritual of feeding her bringing
her to multiple orgasms. Her master had appeared again when it was over and
helped her up but now she felt her breasts more full than the last time pulling
heavily on her chest.

They went up to a different tower and all along the way his tentacles with the
flower ends were caressing her clit and pussy increasingly arousing her. When
they finally  arrived and entered the room of his colleague, she was flushed
with desire and her juices were running down her legs. There was an enormous
marble pool in this room also and as she stood at the edge of the pool with her
master behind her, her thoughts becoming once again clouded by the excitement
his tentacles were creating she saw a true monster rising from the water. It was
like a giant octopus, the head only was different, it resembled that of her
master, it's whole colour was light pink and it's tentacles were full of nasty
looking round suction teeth, there were two very thick tentacles that were
smooth and she realize they were his penises, as the tips were shaped like them.
The monster started swimming towards the until it reached the edge of the pool,
it was giagantic.

_My friend, her master spoke, the slave I brought you this time is special, I
fed on her and fucked her and she vitalized me like no one in the past, she will
do the same for you, and additional bonus for us is she is a slut and likes to
be fucked in the ass, let me show you.  Barbara's mind was now completely
overpowered by the sensations her mater's tentacles were giving her while
caressing her pussy. Her master brought his face close to her ear and asked "
are you turned on slut"?

-Uhh, yes, she moaned.

-Did you like the way I fucked you painfully in your ass?

-Yes I did she whispered.

-And I asked you if you wanted me to tell my colleague to fuck you in the ass
and hurt you more than I did and make you feel like you're being split in half?
Barbara could not control her arousal by now.

-Uhh, yes I want him to fuck me in the ass and hurt me much more than you did,
and after a seconds hesitation, "I want him to split me apart".

-There you are my friend, you know now what this slut wants, enjoy yourself.
Before he left he ordered Barbara " you will answer truthfully any question he
asks you" and was gone.

Despite the loss of the sensation his tentacles offered her pussy, she was still
highly turned on, as the scaled tentacles of the monster started wrapping
themselves around her waist, lifting her up and bringing her close to his eyes.
More and more of his scaled tentacles wrapped themselves all over her, her legs,
her thighs, her arms and around her neck. Two tentacles she had not noticed
before whose ends were like wide flat palms came up and engulfed her bloated
breasts. Her whole body was now covered tightly with his tentacles, only her
face remained free. Suddenly all of those  hundreds of round sucking teeth
covering her body became painfully stuck on her skin, she gasped as the whole
surface of her body started hurting at the same time. They kept sucking harder
and harder until she thought she was in a furnace and burning up, so quickly did
the pain increased to such level that she could not find her voice to scream,
she just moaned in disbelief that so much pain could be inflicted on her. Then
she realized that the round teeth were sucking the liquid from inside her
through her skin and felt her breasts and belly begin to drain. After a while
when all the liquid had been sucked from her, she saw through the mist of her
pain that the monster was glowing from the energy he received from his
nourishment. Then the pain from the teeth stopped, as there was no more liquid
inside her and she sighed in relief. Gradually the tentacles covering her body
lifted her up and brought her close to the monsters face. They started very
slowly to tighten their grip on her, she felt herself being squeezed tighter and
tighter until she felt her ribs would cave in and she could only take shallow
breaths. Suddenly the monster spoke with a quivering voice.  -You have fed me
well, and now I need the vitality your orgasm will give me, I will fuck you
better and stronger than your master did.

With those words spoken, the tentacles wrapped around her legs started
re-arranging their grip, they bend her legs at the knees and folded them
pressing her thighs to her chest and wrapped themselves tightly around her
again, she was now shaped like a ball. The palm like tentacles uncapped
themselves from her breasts and were replaced by two other scaled ones who
wrapped themselves tightly around all of her breasts squeezing them painfully.
The tentacles wrapped around all of her body tightened even more pressing her
thighs hard against her chest, while the flat palmed ones reached down and
settled squarely, one on each cheek of her big ass. Suddenly there was a flash
of searing pain as the hundreds of round sucking teeth on those palms bit and
sucked hard gripping the flesh of her big ass cheeks. She threw back her head
and screamed feeling as though she had sat on red hot burning irons.

-You wanted me to split you apart, slut, well I will not disappoint you, the
monster said.

The palm tentacles, now gripping her flesh firmly with their teeth started
pulling her ass cheeks apart. At first Barbara moaned at the discomfort of
having her big ass spread open, but as her ass cheeks were stretched more and
more apart the pain increased, at first she moaned, then cried out then screamed
as she felt herself being stretched. The tentacles surrounding her body started
rearranging themselves once again, her thighs were kept as they were tightly
against her chest, but her legs were brought up straight on each side of her
head and her feet were pointing up, now the tentacles wrapped themselves around
her in this position and thus she was bent in half, on and on they covered her
all the way to her toes until only her face and her ass were exposed, they moved
her so her face could be close to the face of the monster, so he could look at
her expression, then they begun to tighten their grip until she thought they
would squeeze her into a pulp. Again she screamed as the tentacles surrounding
her breasts started to tighten and she felt them being pulled downwards towards
her navel, and she heard the monster say, " The more your breasts become
stretched the more liquid they can carry, with time I will stretch them down to
your knees" Now she concentrated again to the pain of her ass, the palm
tentacles were stretching her ass apart so much that her anus started to open "I
cant take any more of this" she thought, "He's tearing me apart", but hadn't she
asked him to do it in the beginning? Then she felt the head of the massive penis
looking tentacle push it's head against her anus, the other tentacle like it
reached her pussy, and the head opened wide becoming like the mouth of a snake
and clammed on her pussy, little muscles inside the top part started massaging
her clit and other muscles on the lower part massaged round and round the
entrance to her pussy. The massive head of the other penis tentacle started
massaging the entrance to her anus. As time passed, despite the intense pain she
was feeling on her breasts and ass, the massaging motions on her pussy and anus
started having their desired effect on her, Now both penis tentacles started to
also throb increasing her excitement, on and on they worked on her and after a
while she let out her first moan of pleasure and when her moaning became
frequent, the monster moved her face closer to his and asked, " I'm I turning
you on, slut"? A few seconds passed before she whispered " Yes". And the
tentacles increased their rhythm making her moan more deeply, starting to bring
her to that level of ecstasy that stopped her from thinking coherently. She
begun to feel the waves of an enormous orgasm starting to build in her belly.
Then the monster asked her again.

-Do you like how I'm stretching your ass, slut, do you like the way my little
teeth are biting your ass cheeks, would you like them to bite you deeper and
hurt you more?

Barbara was beyond caring now, the building of the giant orgasm in her belly had
taken over her senses completely. She answered him in a sensual whisper.

-Uhh, yes you're stretching my ass nicely, I like it, your little teeth feel
like their burning my ass, I like it, please make them bite harder and hurt me
much more, And they did, biting viciously on her skin and making her scream, but
now in her ecstatic state she welcomed this kind of pain and when she stopped
screaming she quickly started moaning in anticipation of her coming orgasm.

_Did you enjoy the way your master fucked you in your ass, slut? The monster
asked her.

-Mmmm, yes he did it well, it hurt but I loved it. She replied.

-Will you accept me to fuck you in your ass the way it will please me the most,
slut ?

-Uhhh, what must I accept to please you? She asked, still moving closer to her
orgasm.

-I want to fuck you in the ass and make you feel I am splitting you in half, I
want to stretch your anus so much that I will change it's shape forever, it will
never close again and will remain wide open forever, just the way a slut's anus
should be. I will have to fuck you many hours in your ass to achieve this, he
told her. Barbara was now floating in the mist of her approaching orgasm and her
passion controlled her mind when she replied sensually.

Uhhh, if this will make you happy, then I accept.

It started happening slowly, the tentacles covering all her bent in half body
tightened even more, she felt the pressure increase from her feet over her head 
down to her ass. Her breasts were again stretched a little bit more downwards,
The palm tentacles with their teeth now viciously biting her flesh, parted her
ass cheeks some more making her anus open wider. Her anus, well lubricated by
the feeding plant, started feeling the massive four inch wide head of the penis
tentacle  stretching it and gaining entry, the cock of her master had broken any
resistance her anus could offer, and now the monster's penis with a steady
motion slipped inside her. Barbara gasped at the sharp pain of his entry, and
gasped again as a foot of it's length reached deep inside her. The penis
tentacle started sliding in and out of her in long smooth strokes, and every
time it pushed inside her it grew imperceptivity wider and longer. Barbara had
always loved being fucked in the ass and now being filled with such a massive
penis and the massaging of her pussy finally brought her over the brink of her
orgasm and cried out as wave after wave of nerve shattering orgasm hit her again
and again, and the tentacle of the monster clamped on her pussy drank all her
juices and for the first time in a long while felt itself being revitalized, his
friend had been right this slave was special, they would have to use constantly
and to her to the last drop of potential. Unfortunately she would not last long
that way but it would keep them vitalized for a long time after she would be
consumed by his friend's plants.

Now he concentrated on his ultimate pleasure of breaking this slut's anus, as it
had to be done, for soon she would need her anus to be as open as possible to
endure what would be done to her. Like her master, he also felt no pity for her,
she was just  another mindless body to be used for their purposes, but he had to
admit to himself that she was indeed special. Unlike the others before her, she
seemed to welcome the being manipulated by them and seemed not to care of what
she had become.

It was now five hours he had been fucking her in the ass, every time his penis
grew wider she had felt uncomfortable but eventually got used to his size and
had a heavy orgasm and again his phallus would expand wider and again she would
grow accustomed to him and cum, and it's how it went for the last five hours and
now she felt that in her belly there was nothing but penis and she was right ,
most of her lower belly was now filled by his cock which had grown to gigantean
proportions, she would have been shocked if she could see her anus now, during
the last hours, it had been stretched gradually to eight inches across the
tentacle was now a massive rod sliding in and out of her ass.

-How do you feel now, slut? he asked her.

-I feel so very full, and tired, she replied weakly.

The monster realized it was time for him to stop, they had to give her a rest to
rejuvenate her capacity to produce secretions, otherwise she would dry up, after
all she had to feed one more member of their group.

While the massive tentacle remained in her ass, his other tentacles unwrapped
themselves from around he body releasing her legs from over her head and her
hands from behind her, only the tentacles stretching her breasts remained coiled
tightly around them. Then the massive tentacle in her ass started pulling out of
her until the enormous head slipped out and Barbara gasped as she felt the warm
water of the pool rushing into her ass and filling her bowels, she tried to
tighten her anus but she would never be able to do that again. Now the tentacles
squeezing her breasts tightly, uncoiled themselves and she was finally free. She
saw her whole body was now covered with angry little red round marks were the
teeth of his tentacles had sucked on her skin, she also noticed that her breasts
were now hanging slightly lower on her chest.

The monster left her alone and withdrew to the deep side of the pool and
disappeared and she was left standing in the water for a long time. She tried
several times to squeeze her anus closed but it would not respond, eventually it
shrank on it's own but stopped when it was open two inches across and that was
how it would remain. She thought of the sessions back at the club, when her
mentor would try to find her someone that could fuck her hard in her ass, but it
was never enough, after a while her lover would tire and she was left wanting
more, well, now she was getting fucked in the ass  by far more than she ever
bargained for and she sensed there was much more yet to come. She looked at her
breasts, now slightly lower on her chest and wandered how much more abuse could
they take, she had always been  proud of her large firm breasts, but if they
kept being abused at this rate, they would soon stretch and go flat, well her
body was not her own any more and if her master wanted them flat there was
nothing she could do about it.




Chapter five

Her master finally appeared and ordered her out of the waster, as she climbed
the marble steps and came out of the water, she felt the water inside her bowels
rushing out through her anus and purring back in the pool.

-I see he stretched your anus well, slut, but for him this is only the beginning
eventually he will stretch it ten times more than he did tonight.

-Come with me now to the feeding plant, you have to nourish my last colleague
before I allow you to rest. I will have to bath you and make you up myself, as
the old slave is now being consumed by my plants.

One more time she went through the filling process of the feeding plant and it
was even more sensual than the last time offering her strong orgasms, but this
time it sensed that her anus was not capable of keeping anything inside and had
used it to turn her on, while it had doubled the quantity of liquids in her
breasts and stomach. It's branches coiled around her had sensed that her belly
would not be filled and had tightened and squeezed her lower body with a
ferocity that had frightened her. Now she was following her master to yet
another tower in the castle and once inside a large room, with no pool this
time, they walked up to what looked like a big green leafy sphere eight feet
high. Again, a head was sitting at it's top resembling that of her master, many
tentacles with conical ends like pink flowers inside of which there was deep in
their centre a mouth with a tongue surrounded by many sharp teeth, the width of
each tentacle was three inches.

-At last my friend, her master said to the sphere, you will be well fed, this
little slut is special, both I and our friend in the pool are fully revitalized
I know you have a weakness for breasts, well as you can see hers are well
developed and now you can enjoy them in that special way I know you will.  This
slut also likes to get fucked in the ass by things that stretch her anus, our
aquatic friend enjoyed that a lot, you should too.

-You will answer truthfully to him whatever he asks you, slut, feed him well.
And with that he left.

She stood now alone in front of the towering sphere wondering what it would do
to her and if she would enjoy it as much as she had with it's friends. It's
tentacles came forward and one of them coiled around her waist tightening and
lifting her up a few feet. Two more came and covered her breasts with their
flower like ends and gently sucked in her nipples and their tongues started
caressing them making them instantly hard. The petals of those tentacles started
squeezing her breasts in a milking manner draining them from the thick liquid
inside them. Another tentacle came very close to her face and opened it's flower
end, and then slowly and gently covered her nose and mouth and started emitting
a soft fragrant mist. Barbara found the smell so mesmerizing that she started
inhaling long breaths of it and after a while she felt herself light headed and
a familiar heat started building in her loins, the warmth spreading to her
breasts and lower belly, she was gradually becoming ferociously turned on.
Another tentacle brought it's flowery head over her pussy and engulfed it all
and it's tongue started licking her clit and her hole. Another tentacle went
around to her anus and closed it's flower like end becoming a bulb and pushed
half of it inside her. Barbara had never been so turned on, her juices flowed
freely down her pussy and the flower sucked them all in. Suddenly the sphere
spoke with a deep sensual female voice.

-You are truly beautiful Barbara, we never had a slave so sexy before, your
juices are plentiful and rich. I used to be a woman before choosing immortality
and I liked playing with pretty girls like you. I want you to enjoy our time
together, and to help you I am spraying you with a powerful aphrodisiac, as I
want you constantly turned on. Where shall we start now? Would you like me to
suck your breasts harder?

-Uhh, yes Barbara moaned. And her breasts were squeezed harder by the flowers
covering them and her nipples were sucked deeper inside their mouths.

-Would you like me to open your anus more and lick it, the sphere asked.

-Oh yes Barbara whispered. And the bulb in her anus started spreading it's
petals opening her anus more and it's little tongue starting to lick round and
round inside her. Suddenly she shuddered from the powerful orgasm that coursed
through her body making her moan.

-It's different being with a woman isn't it my beauty? The sphere asked.

-Oh yes Barbara moaned.

_And I know you want me to open your anus more, don't you, my love?

-Uhh, please do it, the slave moaned.

The flower petals opened some more spreading her anus to six inches across and
licking faster. She felt some discomfort but the licking quickly soothed it. The
licking in her anus and pussy and the squeezing on her breasts brought her to
another shuddering orgasm and she moaned louder this time.

-Isn't this better than what the others did to you my love? the female voice
asked.

-Oh yes, much better, replied Barbara feeling herself building another orgasm.

The sphere decided to exploit Barbara's passion, in a woman's way to achieve
what she wanted.

-Tell me, my little darling, it's true you found with us what you were looking
for in vain all these years at the club, you wanted to be completely helpless
and under some one's control, like you are now, just a helpless beautiful body
to be used in strange ways. I know that secretly you want your anus to keep on
being stretched even though you know it will change forever, don't you?

-Uhh, yes, you know so well what I want, the slave answered now at a level of
excitement never known to her before.

-Only women know what each other wants, the sphere went on in her low sensual
voice, and I know secretly you want me to slowly open my petals and stretch your
anus far more than your other two lovers here, and you know it will hurt but you
also want that, don't you my love, you will scream but deep inside you you don't
want me to show any mercy for you. Barbara was burning up from the passion
coursing through her body, her thoughts now were more those dictated to her than
her own, but she didn't care.

-Oh, you read my most secret desires, I want you to stretch my anus more than
all the other slaves you had and hurt me all you can, and if I start to scream,
please promise me you will show me no mercy.

-I promise you my lovely lover, now wouldn't you like me at the same time suck
much harder on your breasts and stretch them far more that my friends did and
make them hurt?

-Yes please do that too, the helpless slave answered, through the mist of her
passion.

-But it will change their shape forever, my love, the sphere said sensually.

-I don't care, whispered the slave, please do it.

There was no turning back now, Barbara knew it and shivered in anticipation of
what was to come. She felt the petals in her anus spreading slowly open and felt
her discomfort increasing, bracing herself for the pain she know would soon
follow. More and more her anus stretched and she cried out when it reached and
passed the width the monster had opened it and soon with her head thrown back
and screaming in anguish it passed the ten inch across length. The sphere
decided to stop the stretching of her anus to that width during this encounter,
there would be many more and she had plenty of time  to open her more so that
this slave's ass could serve it's ultimate purpose. She gave Barbara  plenty of
time to adjust and her screaming to be reduced to moaning of discomfort and
after some time to that of pleasure. Now, the sphere thought, it's time to alter
the shape of the breasts of this little slut, so they can carry as much more
nourishment for us. She started by increasing the power of the aphrodisiac mist
Barbara was inhaling, bringing her to higher levels of ecstasy, then she
increased the tempo of the licking she was giving to the slave's nipples and
pussy, inside the mouth of the flower ends of the tentacles that were sucking
hard her nipples, just under the tongue that was licking them, a long sharp
hollow needle like protrusion started advancing towards the slave's nipples.
Barbara was now surfing on waves of ecstasy unknown to her until only a few
seconds before, the mist she was inhaling together with the massaging, licking
and sucking motions of the flower tentacles on her breasts and pussy were
driving her towards an orgasm of unimaginable power, then she heard that sensual
female voice again.

-You like the way I'm abusing you, honey, it turns you on to be helpless in my
grip doesn't it?

-Oh yes, it turns me on so much, the helpless slave moaned.

-Your most secret desire is becoming reality isn't it, deep inside you, you
always wanted to someone that would offer you the ultimate sacrifices, to break
your anus, and now it's done, your anus that people in your club begged for is
now only a memory, it's now only a big loose hole but you  loved every second of
having it altered forever, you like the finality of it don't you honey?

-Oh you know me so well, yes I always dreamed of being made to sacrifice my
body, having it broken piece by piece and being helpless to stop it. Barbara
confessed.

-And do you remember, in the club you used to ask them to tie you up and do
painful things to your breasts and secretly you were dreaming that your breasts
were going to be sacrificed and broken forever but you were always disappointed
because it never happened, the sensual voice said uncovering Barbara's most
secret desire. Uhh, yes, I always felt cheated, it was never for real, the slave
whispered through her state of unbearable pleasure.

_I can do that for you now, my love, I can hurt your breasts like no one ever
did and change their shape forever, do you want to offer them to me and
experience their ultimate sacrifice?

-Uhh, at last it will happen, yes I offer them to you as a sacrifice and change
them forever, said the slave, her body shivering in anticipation.

-Then brace yourself, my love, for what is to come, I want you to know that it
will give me great satisfaction to destroy your breasts. With those words said,
the two hollow sharp pointed needles under the tongues of the flowers on her
nipples shot forward piercing her nipples and penetrated deep into her breasts.
The pain was so shocking that Barbara lost her voice for a few seconds, but that
was only the beginning, a thick liquid started pouring out of the needles
filling her breasts and starting to dissolve the spongy flesh that gives the
breasts their shape. Barbara was beyond screaming, as she felt as though her
breasts were being filled with molten metal. Her head moved from side to side
and her mouth was open but only moans escaped her as she hovered on the edge of
consciousness. The sphere kept the liquid in the suffering slave's breasts for
an hour and during that time Barbara had blacked out several times. The liquid
now had dissolved all the spongy matter and had left only the skin healthy, now
the hollow needles started sucking back the fiery liquid and the dissolved
mater. It took only a few minutes and when it had drained all the mater, there
were no longer breasts there, just two empty bags of soft skin. After a while,
the pain went away and with the help of the misty aphrodisiac Barbara was
revived, the needles had withdrew and the licking on her pussy and Nipples went
on. Slowly the petals of the flower in her ass closed and left but now her anus
was a big gaping hole and when with time the muscles shrank a bit, it still
remained wide open several inches across. Now the petals squeezing her breasts
also released their hold and left and so did the one on her pussy. Only the
flower on her face remained spraying her with the mist.

-It is done my love, said the sphere, your breasts have been sacrificed, are you
happy honey?

Uhh, yes, but it hurt so much, are they flat?

-Completely, my darling, just like I promised you.

With that the flower on her face left and the tentacle holding her around her
waist set her on the floor and left also. Barbara looked down at her breasts but
they were no longer there, all there was were two empty flaps of skin hanging
down to her navel. Her master then walked in and came close to her, he looked at
what was left of her breasts, picked up the sagging bags of soft skin and said
to the sphere, " You did it again Wendy, these bags now will carry much more
food for us than they did before".

-Oh Gronn, you know how much I enjoy robbing these pretty slaves you bring of
their breasts. This one is special, I feel fully revived from her juices, let's
use her fully even if we know she will wear out quickly, said the sphere.

_Yes, I agree with you, from tomorrow she will be used constantly.

-Now follow me slut, you are going to get the only rest you will ever have here,
as from tomorrow there will be no let up in your feeding us and then we will
have to breed with you.




Chapter six


He led her to a big room that had no furniture except a large comfortable bed in
it's centre. " Go and lie on the bed and get some rest, it's the last one you
will ever have", he ordered her. As she approached the bed she saw to her dismay
the green slimy thing that had been inside her on her way to the castle.

_Yes slut, my friend has fallen in love with you, it never happened before, I
promised him that he could sleep inside you tonight, so I wish you both sweet
dreams, and with that he left. Barbara's body responding to her master's last
command, climbed on the bed and lied down on her side. Immediately the thing
slid up to her face and nudged her mouth open and started sliding inside her
until all of it was resting in her stomach.

As she lay there she thought to herself, " It's been only one day since I met my
master and I got far more that my most secret fantasies. First he makes me so
completely helpless turning me into nothing more than just mindless beautiful 
body that it's only purpose was to obey his commands. I know so many men in that
club that would have given anything in the world to do this to me. Then they
discovered I like to get fucked in my ass and he and his friends did this to me
in a way that would be impossible for anyone else to do. Then they knew I liked
to have my breasts pulled and tortured and they did it more efficiently than
anyone in the world could imagine. She realized that her master must have asked
all these questions to her mentor when they had spent that time in his booth.
There is only one other woman in that club that shared her deepest fantasies and
wanted the same experiences I want. That tall blond woman from east London, I
wander how I could find a way for my master to meet her. And with these thoughts
she drifted away to sleep.

From the next morning and through the days that followed Barbara's body was used
constantly with no rest whatsoever, they hurt her in unimaginable ways offering
her torments that left her grasping on the borders of sanity, but they also gave
her pleasure like never before experienced by any human. The days turned into
weeks and the constant abuse of her body started taking it's toll on her. Her
face was haggard and lined from the constant screaming and from the tiredness,
parts of her hair had turned white, she was much thinner now and her hole body
was covered with bruises and marks, all of her bones and joints were hurting her
from the way the monster in the pool would crush her in the grip of his
tentacles and being filled by the feeding plant had become too difficult, as the
branches were squeezing her so much, every time she felt it would be her last
and expected her bones to be crushed. Her orgasms too had become drier, for
their constant lust to be revitalized, they had induced her to have an unending
stream of orgasms, but her body eventually reached the point that it could no
longer keep up with their demand and her secretions became less and less.
Finally her master had told her that it was time for her to breed.

He had taken her to the pool were the monster lived and left her standing on the
marble edge. The monster had risen from the depths engulfed her with his
tentacles, bent her long legs at the knees, folded them and spread them
slightly, then pressed them against her chest and wrapped his tentacles around
her. This time however he did not try to crush her, like he had been doing
recently, he just held her tight, then for the first time he revealed his under
body and she saw that in the centre of him there was a long hard wide hollow
tube. He turned her around and started bringing her ass towards the tube. She
had been through so much the last few weeks that she just waited in a resigned
way to see what he would do to her, slowly the tube reached her anus and started
being pushed deep inside her, then the monster said " You are soon going to have
my baby, slut" and that shook her up, " What did he mean by that" she thought,
but soon she would find out. When the tube was inside her now fully stretched
anus it stopped and she was kept there for a few minutes, then she felt
something round and very-very big coming out of the tube and being pushed
through her anus and into her colon area. She gasped and cried out as his
enormous egg was pushed deeper and deeper inside her, passing her colon area and
entering her bowels. She felt a tremendous pressure inside her as her body
expanded from inside outwards, and the monster pushed his egg deeper still
inside her. Her belly now was expanding and she felt she would explode, but
after a few moments the monster stopped pushing it deeper and held it were it
was, then she felt the egg start to throb and from the side that was the deepest
inside her it sprouted weed like tentacles that spread all over her intestines
and started feeding hungrily from her juices and her moisture.  At that point
the hundreds of small sucking teeth on his tentacles that were wrapped around
her body started secreting a gluey substance that hardened after a few seconds
and engulfed her from under her breasts to just above her ass enclosing her in a
steel hard cocoon with her legs doubled up against her chest, he then lifted her
out of the water and extended his tentacles and gently set her down a few feet
from the edge of the pool.

-You now have my offspring inside you, slut, the monster said. It will feed from
you for the next three days and then it will hatch and come out of you, then you
will have to breed with my other friends. Then he dived in the deep end of the
pool. For the next three days the egg drained Barbara's body of her juices,
while at the same time growing larger and throbbing all the time. By the third
day she thought she was going to explode, the egg had doubled in size and was
stretching her belly in every direction. Suddenly at the end of the third day
she felt a quivering movement inside her and something was working it's way out
of her, with a rush a tiny imitation of the monster slid out of her anus and to
her immense relief the pressure inside her stopped her belly started deflating.
The monster surfaced again and folded his offspring in his tentacles and
disappeared again under the water, he had no more use for her.

Barbara remained there for some time until her master appeared and told her to
stand up and follow him, but she found herself too weak to stand and walk, the
egg had sucked all her energy, her body also looked slightly shrivelled. Her
master grabbed her hair and lifted her in the air and walked to the room were
the sphere lived.

-Breed with her now, he told the sphere, she is getting weak and we want our
offspring healthy. With those words spoken, he left.

Breeding with the sphere was somehow similar to the monster's, she was turned
over and a huge seed was pushed through her ass deep in her belly, only this
time it took a week to break open and the seed had fed inside her on her juices, 
and when the offspring came out it was a miniature green sphere which rolled to
it's mother's tentacled arms. By then Barbara did not resemble herself of a week
ago, her body had shrivelled and was almost skeletal.

Her master once again lifted her by her hair and took her to his room. Tied her
wrists with leather restrains, lifted her arms and her off the floor and hang
her six feet high. His penis then elongated it's self, entered her puss and
sprayed her with his semen. He was the only one of the three brutes who used her
that could fertilize her womb.

-You will hang here for only six hours slut and then you will give birth to my
offspring, and sat opposite her to watch her belly grow. And it did, within six
hours it had grown far bigger that any normal pregnancy, and Barbara felt her
arms being stretched to their limits from the enormous weight she was now
carrying. Then there was a squirmy movement and her pussy started expanding very
painfully until a small clone of her master dropped out of her and with
surprising maturity walked to it's father and held his hand.

-You have fulfilled your purpose with us, slut, he said to her, now you have
nothing else to give us, is there anyone in the club that has the same desires
and weaknesses as you and is us much a slut as you are?

_Yes, she said in a whisper barely heard from her weakened state, her name is
Kim and she is from east London, she will satisfy you.

-You have served us well slut, he told her, because of that I decided to give
you a gift, I will place your consciousness in an eternal state of euphoria even
though your body will no longer exist, you will have the satisfaction of meeting
in that state those slaves that have been as good as you are, you will have an
illusion of your lost bodies and you can play with each other forever and have
real feeling sensations. With that he brought a different collar, this time and
closed it around her head and it locked on her forehead. As soon as it clicked
shut, there was no pain this time, just a feeling of lightness and she entered
an ethereal dimension as though she was weightless, there was sceneries of
prairies and valleys and she looked down and saw that she had her body healthy
again, and she thought to herself, "It will be lonely here, at least for a
while, but I'm sure Kim will make it here, I always wanted to have sex with her,
and then there might be others. Her master took her now lifeless body and went
down to the feeding plant and left it on the floor next to it's roots, then
walked away. The plan slowly engulfed the familiar body and crushed it with it's
branches and started consuming the parts using other tentacles Barbara had
fortunately never seen when she was alive. It took the plant a whole week to
consume Barbara's body and while it was consuming the last bit, back at the club
the golden collar with the red rubies was closing around the neck of the
beautiful blond Kim

                                               THE END




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Dimitri Perdikis


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





