BDSM Library - Spoiled Black Bitch




Spoiled Black Bitch
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A pampered and spoiled black girl is upset when her mother's new friend moves in.
Spoiled Black Bitch



By femmeslave



I am a 24 year old black female, I am about 5' 5" tall and weigh about 125
pounds.  I pride myself on my sexy build and have more than my fair share of
suitors.  I graduated college a few years ago but I still live at home for the
time being, I don't have a steady boyfriend and I have always considered myself
straight.  As far as I am concerned my life could not have been any better. 
Living at home with my mom was great, she had been divorced from my dad since I
was about 12 years old and I rarely saw my father, and to be honest I very
seldom ever remember my mother even dating except for times when she needed an
escort.  Being a only child I guess you could say I pretty much have had my way
my whole life a real BAP (Black American Princess)

About 6 months ago my mother invited a friend of hers home from work her name
was Cathy and she was at least 10 or 12 years younger than my mother kind of
tomboyish looking with short brown hair very athletic in appearance she
obviously worked out.  I took an instant dislike to her.  She seem sort of pushy
and crude but she and my mother seem to get along very well, even though I felt
my mother seem to bend over backwards to make Cathy feel at home.

One day out of the blue my mother told me that Cathy would be moving in with us,
and I was shocked with this current change of events.  And though I did not see
it at the time I was soon to realize the real depth of my mother's and Cathy
relationship.  For the first week or so everything was somewhat normal despite
the tension I created, but I begin to notice a change in my mother's behavior,
she seem to wait on Cathy hand and foot, and she never seem to hardly were
anything but a bathrobe whenever she got home from work, and a few weeks after
arriving at our house Cathy quit her job at the office and I though my mother
would be furious but she seem almost elated to have Cathy around the house 24/7
it was "almost" as if my mom had a crush on this woman by the way she acted
around her.  I also noticed that was now sleeping in my mother's bed rather than
the guest room, my mom said it was because she had saw a mouse and was frighten
to sleep alone.

With each passing day I noticed my mother behavior change more and more.  She
and Cathy seem more like boyfriend and girlfriend rather than best friends. 
Sometimes they would stop talking when I entered the room or I would catch them
whispering to each other until finally I just had to come out and ask my mother
what was the true nature of their relationship and my mother simply replied that
Cathy was just a very dear and "special" friend.

During the weeks that followed I observe Cathy exert more and more influence
over my mother my mom seem to become very subservient around Cathy during
everything to make Cathy happy, cooking her favorite meals, washing her clothes
almost like a personal maid of sorts.  One Friday night around 2am I was awaken
by a sound coming from my mother's bedroom, I tiptoed down the hallway to hear
more clearly what it was and it was the unmistakable sounds of someone being
spanked.  I was in total shock!  But now I had my proof that something odd was
going on right under my very roof.  I knew I had to get to the bottom of this
situation and save my mother from this shedevil named Cathy.

I confronted my mother once again about the true nature of her and Cathy's
relationship and this time she came clean and said she has always had lesbian
tendencies for as long as she could remember and that she was more happy now
then she had ever been in her life, but I knew I had to get that bitch Cathy out
of our house and out of our lives before she ruined our family for good.

It made me sick to see my mom dress for Cathy and to see her cater to Cathy's
every whim and as the weeks went by it was clear to me that my mom was Cathy's
femme.  My mom was so submissive to Cathy and Cathy soon begin to take complete
advantage of her right before my very eyes.  Sometimes she would make mom sit in
her lap right in front of me in order to show ME the power she had over mom, or
she would call her little names within earshot of me just to make me angry. 
Soon I had gotten to the point where I could not take it any more and I made my
mind up to have it out with Cathy and to show here once and for all who the real
boss was in this house.

That Monday as soon as mom went to work I went to mom's bedroom to give Cathy a
piece of my mind and to make sure that she got the message that she was no
longer wanted under this roof.  I started off by saying, "Cathy, I want your ass
out of this house by Friday, and I don't ever want you to see or speak to my
mother ever again" but before I could complete my speech she leapt from the bed
and landed a hard slap right across my face which almost knocked me off my feet,
and before I had a chance to react she suddenly hit me again the shock rendered
me inactive.  Over and over again she slapped my face, tears flowed from eyes
and I found myself frighten of her and her violence towards me.  Suddenly she
roughly threw me on the bed which I collapsed in a heap of fear, and without
warning she was on top of me her mouth inches from mine she KISSED me full on
the lips her tongue was in my mouth before I could do anything to stop her.  Her
tongue pinned my head to the bed but something strange happened to me, rather
than fight her off I found my mouth accepting her aggressive tongue and what a
tongue it was, I had never been kissed like that before, she had my arms
stretched out and was holding me by the wrists her tongue probing my mouth her
saliva freely flowing into my mouth until I had no choice but to swallow her
sweet sticky offering of spit.  The next thing I knew was that she was sitting
on my face and even though she still had her panties on she rubbed her pussy all
over my face, which was when something snapped inside of me, something I would
have never thought possible, Cathy had unleashed my sexually passive side and
she knew it because I heard her say that I was a black slut just like my mother.

Cathy stood up on the floor, slapped my face hard again for good measure and
said, "get naked you fucking cunt" I sprained  to my feet and undressed as fast
as I had ever had in my life.  Again she threw me back on the bed spread my legs
and raped my hot black pussy with her mouth.  I came at once, her tongue was
like a piston in my hole as she sucked my clit, I ground my mound into her face,
my mind rejecting the act but my body unable to stop the constant waves of
pleasure that engulfed me.  She then kissed me again which was when I realized
that she had fill her mouth with a combination of her spit and my juices and she
deposited the full amount in my mouth of which I knew I had better swallow it
all , my natural instincts were taking over.  Next she grabbed my head and
forced it in her pussy, I had never eaten pussy before but I knew my life
depended on doing a good job on her and whenever I did not follow her
instructions or lick and suck her perfectly my face was soundly slapped and
after about a hour or so I brought her to her first orgasm, but she was not
finished with me by any means and before the day was over I would perform the
service of eating her over and over she even made me kiss and lick her asshole
and warned me that if I told my mother anything about what happened she would
beat me senseless.

For the nex several days when my mother went to work Cathy would come to my room
and dominate me in way I could not ever had imagine and over the next several
weeks she broke my will completely.  She saw through my facade and for for lack
of a better expression she turned me inside out.  I soon found myself no longer
obeying her out of fear but out of a need to please her, soon it got to the
point that I really wanted to satisfy this woman.  In her on way Cathy was
teaching me more about myself then I ever thought possible.  Like those wet
kisses that I now crave and the taste of her pussy and the smell of her ass and
the way my mouth water involuntarily when I think of serving her.

I was not the least bit surprised when Cathy told me my mother was her slave if
anything I was now jealous of my mother and I did not want to share but Cathy
told my that her plans had always included making both me and my mother her
slaves from the moment she first met me and that I will learn to not feel petty
emotions like jealousy and that my mother had long ago agreed to do everything
possible to make sure I would someday find my place as a willing slave to Cathy.

Cathy often would tell me the things that she makes my mother do for her, like
foot worship and she says my mother begs to eat her asshole.  Up until this
point my mother and I had served Cathy separately but now that she felt I was
trained to her satisfaction she would allow me and mom to serve her together. 
My heart pounded in anticipation it was the moment I had been waiting for all of
my life.

When mom arrived home that evening I was already naked on my knees in the living
room eating both pussy and ass, mom pretended to look shocked until Cathy
yelled, "what are you waiting on you black bitch, take off your fucking clothes
and crawl to your Mistress" my mother's reply was the stripping of of her
clothes and the thud of her knees hitting the carpet as she crawled on all fours
to cover the distance to where Cathy and I was on the sofa.  Seeing my mother
sexually humiliated by another woman sent shivers up my spine and shock waves to
my pussy.  Cathy stood and offered her backside to my mother while I continued
eating Cathy's pussy my mother asked for permission to lick and suck Cathy's
asshole, finally Cathy said that both me and mom were good slaves and she was
going to make sure we both were going to be her whores until the day we die and
as mom probed Cathy's asshole to perfection she exploded into my mouth yet again
and I ate her necter like my life depended on it ..... I had at last found true
happiness and finally knew my place in this world at the feet of my beautiful
white Mistress who had changed me from a proud spoiled black bitch to a complete
black lesbian slave to white pussy.  I looked up into Cathy's eyes and said, "I
love you" she replied to prove it where it counts you black whore, prove it to
my pussy you fucking slut! Her harsh words triggered a orgasm in me without even
being touched.  I can barley contain myself knowing what new excitement my mom
and I would face, and now that Cathy owns us both completely I want to take our
family to a new level commitment to subservience.  Both mom and I now serve as
realtime 24/7 slaves to Cathy.  For her amusement she sometimes have us turn
tricks for other ladies and as it turns out we but love being real whores for
our Mistress, her mind control of both me and mom has no limits from the tongue
baths to mom and I eating each other for her entertainment or toilet games
performed with complete abandon.

Cathy has also submitted mom and I much more kinky things that are not mentioned
here.....but that's another story.

To be continued...............




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  femmeslave


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





