BDSM Library - Housewife's Awakening




Housewife's Awakening
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Debbie could hardly contain her excitement. Her nieces were arriving that afternoon.  Stephanie was 19; Amber 18 and Debbie always enjoyed their visits.  Both girls loved to shop and go out dancing at night.  They provided a small diversion in Debbie's otherwise mundane life.
Housewife's Awakening

(MF, F+/F, wife, 1st-lesbian exp, reluctant)

If you enjoy this story please e-mail me at wifefantasy@hotmail.com to let me
know.  If you have an idea for how this story should continue, please let me
know and I will work it in to one of the upcoming chapters.  Chapter Two is
nearly complete and will be posted shortly.



Chapter One - The nieces come for a visit

Debbie could hardly contain her excitement. Her nieces were arriving that
afternoon. Stephanie was 19; Amber 18 and Debbie always enjoyed their visits.
They were his brothers step-children, but Debbie loved them like they were her
brother's biological children. 

Both girls loved to shop and go out dancing at night. They provided a small
diversion in Debbie's otherwise mundane life.  When they were around she felt
young, vibrant, and alive.

At 33, Debbie already had four children and was married to Brett for 10 years.
Although Debbie kept her five-foot frame in shape, Brett and her rarely went out
just for fun. So the prospect of these two young women arriving provided Debbie
with opportunities to go out and recapture some of her youth.

Debbie also enjoyed talking with Stephanie and Amber. Both women were already
more experienced sexually than Debbie and neither were married yet. Stephanie
and Amber

talked freely about their sexual exploits, "girl talk," and Debbie loved living
vicariously through them.  If her brother ever found out about even one tenth of
what these two young vixens had done in the sexual arena, it would kill him.

Debbie's sexual experiences consisted of only Brett. She was a virgin when she
married and Debbie's only partner was Brett. Brett's sexual appetite when they
first married was voracious. Debbie recalled that Brett couldn't get enough of
sucking on the nipples of her 36D breasts.

It was almost four years after her wedding before Debbie felt her first orgasm.
Curiously, it coincided with the first time Brett performed oral sex on Debbie.
Since that time, about the only time Debbie had an orgasm was with oral sex. 
She loved the feel of Brett's tongue rolling and sucking on her engorged clit. 
Sometimes she could orgasm multiple times when she really let herself go.

Lately, Brett's appetite for sex was almost non-existent. Even though Debbie
breast-fed all three children, her 36D breasts were still very firm.
Breast-feeding left Debbie's nipples thick, long, and sensitive. Many times in
bed at night Debbie's nipples would harden from the cool air.

Once in bed Debbie would spoon Brett and when her nipples just barely brushed
against his back, Debbie could feel the wetness grow between her legs. Now days,

Brett did not notice and Debbie was frequently left wanting.

Debbie spent the morning cleaning for Stephanie and Amber. Debbie just put the
vacuum away when the doorbell rang. Debbie opened the door and welcomed
Stephanie

and Amber inside. Pleasantries exchanged, Debbie led the two women into the
living room. It had been nearly a year since Debbie saw them last.

"Let me look at you two," Debbie exclaimed and stepped back as Stephanie and
Amber twirled and posed like two over eager models.

Debbie was impressed. Stephanie was a tall, statuesque woman with long brown
hair that came half way down her back. With Stephanie's hairstyle and color, her
and Debbie looked a lot alike, except Debbie's hair was lighter in color. Her
eyes were a deep mysterious shade of brown that matched her hair color. 
Stephanie wore

a tight, knit shirt, which accented her 35C breasts. Debbie could also see the
outline of Stephanie's thong under her tight stretch knit pants that fit
Stephanie like a second skin. Amber was just a little shorter than Stephanie
with shorter, blonde hair.  Amber had piercing blue eyes and a models figure. 
She had once boasted to Debbie that she could get any cock in the world hard
just by bending over and sticking her tight ass up in the air.  Since Debbie had
seen Amber in action before she didn't doubt her for a minute.  She often wished
that her ass was as firm and hard as Amber's and that her legs were as long and
shapely as the two girls, but she realized that she wasn't 18 anymore and her
shapely figure had turned a man's head or two over the years.

Debbie could immediately see that Amber was not wearing a bra under her thin
white T-shirt. Debbie easily saw the dark, silver dollar sized areolas on top

of Amber's perky, 34B breasts. Amber was wearing short-shorts that clung to her
pear-shaped ass and showed off her long, shapely legs. Debbie was amazed; the
two women could easily have been models.

The three women chatted excitedly until Brett came home. Debbie watched as
Brett's eyes darted from Stephanie's breasts to Amber's ass. Brett hugged the
nieces just a little tighter than Debbie thought was necessary. Brett
intentional crushed their breasts against his chest with each hug.

Debbie's kids arrived from school and Stephanie and Amber produced gifts for
them. Debbie was becoming jealous as she watched Brett ogling Stephanie and
Amber's ass and taking every opportunity to touch them. He essentially ignored
Debbie. Debbie felt some relief as it appeared that Stephanie and Amber were
oblivious to Brett's behavior.

About two hours after dinner, Debbie showed Stephanie and Amber their bedrooms.
The nieces complained about being tired and quickly went to bed. With the kids
in bed, Brett followed Debbie into the bedroom. When Debbie was undressed and
standing in just her panties, she felt Brett slide up behind her and reach
around. Brett grabbed Debbie's breasts and squeezed them gently and pinched her
nipples.

As Brett pressed against her from behind, she could feel his erection. At first
Debbie was a bit angry knowing that Brett was just horny from being around
Stephanie and Amber. But the attention Brett gave to Debbie's nipples
immediately produced wetness between her legs and she allowed him to pull her to
the bed.

Brett pushed Debbie down onto the bed with her feet still flat on the floor.
Debbie could feel her heart rate increasing as Brett kissed her neck and dragged
his tongue down between her breasts. Debbie now could feel her juices starting
to bathe the inside of her thighs.

Even though she knew Brett was excited because of Stephanie and Amber, she was
still enjoying the attention she craved so many nights. Brett's warm mouth found
her right breast and he drew the nipple upward and sucked gently. As he sucked
gently on Debbie's nipple, Brett's hand moved down her abdomen and slid under
the waistband of her panties. Debbie hyperextended her neck and took in short
breaths as Brett wormed a finger between her swollen cunt lips and lightly
stroked her hard clit. Debbie was desperate for Brett to lick her clit, but he

continued to suck her nipple and flick it with his tongue.

"Eat me," she whispered breathlessly.

Brett smiled and removed his hands and slid them down to the top of Debbie's
panties. Brett hooked his thumbs into the waistband and pulled Debbie's panties
over her thighs, and down to the floor. Debbie kicked them aside and spread her
legs wide keeping her feet flat on the floor. Brett intentionally tormented her.
He slowly let his tongue slide through Debbie's pubic bush to just above the
opening to her cunt.

Her mind was racing; she was almost pleading for Brett to finish. Brett used his
tongue on Debbie's cunt lips, then took one of her cunt lips in his mouth and
sucked on it. Debbie raised her hand to her mouth and was thrilled with Brett's
passion. Finally Debbie was rewarded as Brett's tongue found her clit and lapped
at the hard bud lightly. Debbie was now pouring her juices onto his face.

Brett buried his face between Debbie's cunt lips and took her clit between his
teeth and rapidly rubbed his tongue back and forth over the tip. At the same
time, Brett reached up and pinched Debbie's nipples between his thumbs and
forefingers and pulled them upward stretching her breasts. The sensations were
too much and Debbie exploded in the most intense orgasm she had experienced in
months.

While she was cumming, Brett shoved his hard cock into her cunt and pummeled her
with a fury. Debbie was fighting not to be too loud with the kids and guest in

the house. After fucking Debbie on her back for several minutes, Brett pulled
out and took Debbie's hips and rolled her over. Debbie stood up and leaned over
the bed with her legs spread wide. She could feel her slimy fluid pouring from
her cunt and down her thighs. Brett easily pushed his dick back inside her and
fucked Debbie hard while pulling her hips against him. Brett's balls slapped
hard against Debbie's ass with each thrust.  Debbie was lost in the moment and
couldn't help moaning as she enjoyed the feeling of Brett's cock sliding in and
out of her dripping cunt.

As Debbie let out another loud moan she thrust her head backwards trying to
clear her long blonde hair out of her face.  Next Debbie felt Brett gathering
her hair into a ponytail.  He then pulled back on her hair and while continuing
to drive his cock into her cunt with long powerful strokes. 

"Tell me how bad you want this big fat cock inside your juicy wet cunt," Brett
nearly yelled as he slowed his rhythm.  He found himself being louder and more
forceful in his tone than normal because he was very aware that the girls were
staying in the bedroom immediately upstairs and there was part of him that
really wanted them to hear Debbie extol his sexual prowess.

Debbie let out another deep moan before replying in a soft voice, "Yes, I want
your cock, give it to me."  At which Brett pulled back violently on her hair, "I
can't hear you, you better let me know how much you want it or I will take it
away," Brett said in a softer tone.

Debbie was confused by Brett's sudden change in demeanor but was so swept up in
the moment that she let you a loud scream, "Brett, give me your wonderful cock. 
My cunt needs it so badly.  Please keep fucking me, oh god, yes, please keep
fucking me."

Debbie's orgasm continued unabated and after just a dozen or so more strokes
Brett's body stiffened and she felt the warmth of his seed bathing the walls of
her overheated vagina. Brett slammed into her twice more draining his balls
before pulling out and unceremoniously walking into the bathroom. He left Debbie
at the bed and she collapsed and rolled over on her back.

Brett had not fucked her like that in several months and even though Debbie was
a little angry at what stimulated him, she let out a long breathe at the
pleasure she experienced from her orgasm. Just as she walked into the bathroom,
Brett passed her and gave her a peck on the cheek that passed for a goodnight
kiss.

Debbie looked at herself in the mirror. Her nipples were still engorged and
erect and the insides of her thighs were now sticky with a mixture of her cream
and Brett's cum. She cleaned up, put on her nightgown and came back into

the bedroom to find Brett asleep on his side. She crawled into bed and spooned
up behind him. When her nipples rubbed against his back, she was amazed to find
herself excited again. But she soon fell asleep.

That morning after the kids were off to school, Stephanie and Amber wanted to go
shopping at the mall. Debbie was all for the plan and went upstairs to dress
into something that would be easy to remove for trying on clothes.

Stephanie and Amber were wearing short sports skirts and pullovers, an easy
combination for quickly trying on clothes. The three women went off to the mall.
On the way, Stephanie mentioned something about hearing the sounds of sex coming
from Debbie's bedroom during the night. Debbie blushed red and continued to
drive as Stephanie and Amber giggled.

"At least someone's getting some cock," Stephanie exclaimed and poked at
Debbie's ribs.

Amber winked at Stephanie and added, "It sure sounded like you were getting one
hell of a fucking Debbie."

Debbie was very embarrassed by Stephanie and Amber's comments and didn't know
what to say so she just kept driving in silence hoping that the girls would tire
of the subject.

At the mall, the three women enjoyed a morning of shopping at various clothing
stores. They tried on several outfits and then ate lunch. After lunch, Stephanie

suggested a store that Debbie never shopped at because the clothing was for
young girls.

"Come 'on, it will be fun," Amber encouraged Debbie.

Once inside Debbie was worried about the youthful looking clothes. Stephanie and
Amber quickly were pulling dresses, skirts, and blouses from the racks and
pushing Debbie into a large single dressing room and shutting the door. Before
Debbie knew what was happening, Stephanie and Amber were stripping out of their
skirts. Debbie blushed again and offered to go to a different room.

"No, don't do that, this makes it easy," Stephanie explained, "we can try on the
clothes, get each other's opinion without leaving, then try on more."

Debbie stayed but was still very uncomfortable. As Stephanie and Amber's skirts
came off, Debbie was shocked that they were not wearing panties. Stephanie's
cunt was shaved bald and Amber's pubic hair was just a thin, quarter inch strip.
Stephanie elbowed Amber and pointed to Debbie staring at their cunts.

"It makes sex so much better," Stephanie commented then laughed.

Amber agreed and the two girls pulled on new skirts. Debbie just stood frozen,
her face red.

"Here, try on this sundress," Amber said throwing a flowered dress to Debbie.

Unsure of what to do, Debbie removed her top and pants and put on the sundress
over her panties and bra. She could not keep her eyes off of Stephanie and
Amber. Stephanie removed her top and bra revealing huge, firm 35C breasts that
were obviously hard as rocks. Once again Amber was braless, but when she removed
her top, Debbie could see that Amber's nipples were sticking out hard on top

of her small perky 34B breasts. Stephanie and Amber helped each other dress and
turned to Debbie.

"No, no," Amber chided Debbie, "remove your bra."

Her words snapped Debbie back to reality and she wondered if the girls realized
she was staring again. Stephanie and Amber exchanged knowing glances unseen by

Debbie. Debbie turned around with her back to the girls and removed her bra. The
cool air of the store felt good on Debbie's breasts and her nipples harden also.

She rearranged the dress and turned back around looking in the mirror. Debbie
was aware of Stephanie and Amber talking but paid little attention to them. The
dress Debbie was wearing was too young. It barely covered her ass and Debbie's
36D tits were straining to break through the top. Debbie saw Stephanie walking
up behind her in the mirror. Debbie thought Stephanie was naked, but dismissed
the thought.

Stephanie had removed all of her clothes as well as Amber. Stephanie moved up
behind Debbie and placed her arms around Debbie's chest just as Brett had done
the night before.

"Let me fixed this," Stephanie whispered into Debbie's ear, her lips lightly
touching Debbie as she spoke. Debbie froze as Stephanie pulled the center of the
dress together allowing Debbie's breasts to spring out the sides. At the same
time Debbie could feel the hem of the dress being raised and looked down to see
Amber, now naked pulling the dress up over Debbie's ass.

"What are you doing?" Debbie asked with a whisper feeling that familiar wetness
between her thighs.

Stephanie smiled and continued to move her hands around her aunt's body.  As
tears started to fall, Debbie whimpered at her nieces touch, but did nothing to
make her stop.

"Shhhhh," Stephanie cooed as she kneaded Debbie's breasts in her hands.  "I want
to keep on touching your beautiful body.  You see, I like touching your big full
titties and watching you squirm and wiggle your ass around when I touch you.  I
like to watch you cry because you know how wrong and nasty it is to do what we
are doing right now.  And I like to watch you let us do it to you anyway."

Debbie was unsure of what to do. Stephanie was making her breasts ache to be
sucked.  Her eyes were glazed over.  Sick desperate pangs of sexual hunger rose
within her to overwhelm everything else.  She shouldn't let her nieces touch her
this way.

Just then Amber worked the dress over Debbie's ass and began to massage Debbie's
cunt through her panties. Debbie closed her eyes and tried not to think about
what she was doing. Stephanie took the hem of the dress and pulled it over
Debbie's head. She then turned Debbie around facing her.

Debbie's eyes were still closed, but she could feel Stephanie's nipples touching
her nipples. Debbie felt Stephanie's lips nimbly touching her lips and then
Stephanie

planted a wet kiss over Debbie's mouth and forced her tongues inside. Debbie was
acutely aware that Stephanie's 35C breasts were smashed against the tops of her
breasts. As Stephanie kissed Debbie passionately, Debbie felt her panties being
rolled down over her hips. Debbie broke the kiss.  She couldn't do this, it was
wrong.  She had to put a stop this before it went any further.

"We shouldn't, we'll get caught," Debbie cooed in a faint protest.

"Not if no one hears you scream like you were last night," Stephanie said in a
sexy voice then covered Debbie's mouth again with hers.

Debbie felt Amber pushing her thighs apart and Debbie moved her feet outward in
response to Amber's pressure on her thighs. Stephanie's tongue continued to

explore Debbie's mouth and their tongues frequently touched and stroked each
other. Debbie realized she was kissing Stephanie back. "We can't do this, it is
wrong," Debbie protested.

Stephanie moved back a little but continued her kiss. Debbie felt Stephanie's
hands back on Debbie's breasts, massaging and squeezing her firm globes.
Stephanie whispered in Debbie's ear, "Is this how Brett was squeezing your tits
last night while you were screaming in orgasm?"

Debbie was speechless.  She didn't know what to do.  She was so embarrassed that
the girls had heard her and Brett last night.  What if they told her brother, he
would be furious.

Stephanie then dropped one hand and took Debbie's hand and placed it on her
breasts. Debbie jerked her hand away and Stephanie broke the kiss and looked

into Debbie's eyes.

"We must stop," Debbie whispered.

Debbie gasped as she felt for the first time in her life, a woman's tongue
bathing her clit. She knew it was Amber. Debbie looked down between her breasts
and Stephanie's and saw a naked Amber on her knees between Debbie's thighs.

"Do you want us to stop?" Stephanie asked and kissed Debbie's neck passionately.

Debbie could not answer. Amber used her thumbs to spread Debbie's cunt open so
wide Debbie could feel the air blowing against her clit and into her cunt.
Debbie felt her breathing increasing as Stephanie worked her mouth down to
Debbie's left breast. Stephanie sucked into her mouth as much of Debbie's
breasts as her mouth would hold.

At the same time, Stephanie used her other hand to tease and torment Debbie's
right breast and nipple. Debbie closed her eyes again and slightly parted her
lips trying to protest. Why couldn't she find the strength to make these girls
stop?

"Do you really want us to stop? Because if that's what you really want; we'll
stop right away," Stephanie smiled sweetly and licked her full lips.

Debbie hesitated, confusion, anxiety, and embarrassment all over her flushed
face.  As Stephanie started to pull away from her, the hunger suddenly grew
strong within her body and soul.  She really didn't want them to stop.  Her
conscience was now in full retreat.

"Please, don't stop," Debbie weekly whispered.

"So now you're telling me that you do want us to touch you some more, is that
right?" Stephanie questioned with a wicked smile on pasted across her beautiful
face.

Debbie shook herself, trying to clear her head.

"Yes, Stephanie; I think so."  Debbie was speaking so softly that Stephanie
almost could not hear her.

"Amber stop what you are doing until Debbie ask us nicely."

Debbie so wanted to feel that tongue on her hot clit again.  She had never felt
anything so exciting and forbidden in her life. "Yes, please..."

Stephanie smirked down at her ravenous aunt.  "Please what?"

"Please touch me some more."

"So now you want us to keep touching you; is that right, you nasty little slut,
you.  You're so bad.  Do you know that?  Letting your nieces feel you up like
the horny little slut you are."

Before Debbie could respond to Stephanie's taunt, Amber's tongue swirled around
her clit then licked up and down the entire length of Debbie's cunt lips. Amber
would occasionally tongue-fuck Debbie's cunt eliciting soft moans from Debbie.
The last moan, Stephanie raised her mouth from Debbie's tit and warned that she
would have to "gag" Debbie if she was not quite. "We can't have you screaming
like you did last night now can we", she said as both Stephanie and Amber
giggled.

Debbie felt sweat beading on her forehead as the two young women continued
attending to her tits and cunt. Amber was using her tongue with such skill that

Debbie's cunt was gushing. While Debbie was fighting the excitement Amber was so
easily producing, Stephanie was showing equal skill in manipulating Debbie's
breast.

Debbie's breasts were swollen from excitement and each touch, tweak, or pull on
her nipples by Stephanie sent shocks through her body. She was starting to get
louder and Stephanie looked knowingly at Amber. Amber increased her attention to
Debbie's clit and Stephanie quickly covered Debbie's mouth with hers.

"Ah ahhh, mmmmm," Debbie's scream was covered by Stephanie's mouth.

Debbie rocked her hips back and forth pushing her cunt into Amber's tongue as an
orgasm of unbelievable power shot through Debbie's body. Stephanie hugged Debbie
tightly and Amber did not let up on Debbie's clit. She was trembling as the
orgasm went on and on. She thought she was going to go crazy if Amber did not
stop. She began rocking her hips and tried to move her cunt from Amber's
tantalizing tongue.

It was too late, Debbie's orgasm increased in intensity making the one she
experienced with Brett the night before look like pre-orgasm. Stephanie kept
Debbie's mouth covered and finally Amber stopped, stood up and kissed Debbie's
neck.

Debbie's body was covered in sweat and there were drips of female cum on the
floor of the dressing room. Debbie's legs were wobbly as Stephanie released her.
Debbie watched as Amber and Stephanie kissed each other very passionately and
then turned to dress.

Debbie was in shock and just stood, frozen on weak legs, as Stephanie and Amber
dressed. Finally dressed, Stephanie turned to Debbie who stood, still naked, not
speaking.

"Are you alright?" Stephanie asked then laughed, "Debbie, you need to get
dressed. Amber, help her."

Amber helped Debbie put her pants and sweater on. Finally Debbie spoke in almost
a monotone.

"Wait, my bra and panties," Debbie said.

"You don't need them," Stephanie responded.

"Yeah, and we need to get rid of that bush too," Amber added and helped Debbie
pull her pants over her hips without panties.

Dressed, Debbie looked in the mirror. If a person looked closely they could tell
Debbie was braless. Stephanie led Debbie from the dressing room. From the corner
of her eye, Debbie saw Amber throw Debbie's bra and panties into the garbage.
Debbie allowed Stephanie to put her in the passenger seat and Stephanie drove.
Amber leaned over from the back seat and put her hand on Debbie's shoulder.

"Are you okay?" Amber asked, "we just wanted to see if we could make you cum
harder than Brett did last night.  We had a great time shopping with you. 
Debbie, are you okay?"

Debbie looked at Amber and responded, "I'm great, just great, that was
fantastic."

Debbie did not say another word all the way home. Stephanie and Amber were
worried until they arrived home. Stephanie leaned over to kiss Debbie and when
Debbie returned the kiss, the two women knew everything was going to be great.

The remainder of the evening Debbie was full of energy, laughing and playful.
Brett assumed it was because of the great sex from last night. Brett's attention
was back on Stephanie and Amber during the evening, but Debbie did not care.

The next morning after the kids were off to school and Brett left for work,
Debbie went upstairs to shower before Stephanie and Amber woke. Debbie enjoyed
the hot shower. She dried herself off, wrapped a towel around her and exited the
bathroom and was a little startled to see Stephanie and Amber standing there
naked waiting for her. Stephanie walked up to Debbie and kissed her deeply on
the lips

and pulled the towel from Debbie's body.

"It's our turn," Stephanie whispered.

Debbie did not understand but allowed Stephanie to lead her to the bed.
Stephanie and Amber helped Debbie kiss them and Amber directed Debbie's head
down to Stephanie's neck and shoulders. Debbie understood now what they wanted
and started to kiss Stephanie with more purpose.

Debbie felt Amber kissing the back of her neck as Debbie finally reached
Stephanie's breast and mimicked what Stephanie had done to her the day before.
Debbie felt a sense of pride when she heard Stephanie moan and push Debbie's
head to the other breasts. Amber left the room and returned as Stephanie lay on
her back and tried to push Debbie's head down below her stomach.

"Wait, we need to get rid of that bush," Amber reminded Stephanie.

Debbie allowed the two women to lead her into the bathroom. Stephanie lathered
Debbie's cunt with soap and Amber took a razor and with ease shaved Debbie bald.

Then Stephanie told Debbie to bend over and place her hands flat on the floor
while spreading her legs. Debbie completely trusted the two women now and
readily

complied. Stephanie then pulled Debbie's asscheeks apart exposing her tight anal
sphincter.

Debbie jumped when she felt Amber's hand spreading lather on her anal sphincter
and down between her asscheeks. Amber quickly shaved all the hair from Debbie's
ass. The women rinsed and dried her letting their fingers play with Debbie's
clit to the point were she was almost cumming again. They led her back to the

bedroom where Stephanie again laid on her back and encouraged Debbie to kneel
between her long shapely legs.

Debbie eagerly started kissing and sucking Stephanie's breasts. She forgot about
Amber and looked around to find her. In the mirror she saw herself kneeling on
her hands and knees, ass sticking high in the air between Stephanie's lewdly
splayed legs. Debbie saw Amber on the other side of the room fumbling with
something.

Stephanie grabbing Debbie's hair and tried to force her head down below her
waist. Debbie resisted and tried to go back to Stephanie's breasts. Stephanie
pushed harder and Debbie realized that Stephanie wanted her to perform oral sex
on her. She was not sure if this was something she could do and started to say
something to resist when she felt the sting of a hand on her ass.

"Lick her, you selfish bitch," Debbie heard Amber yell right before she felt
another hand slap her ass.

"Ow, don't do that," Debbie protested and tried to pull away.

Stephanie pulled Debbie's head down by her long hair and wrapped her legs around
Debbie's back holding her in place. Debbie tried to struggle and felt Amber slap
her ass again. "Come on you selfish bitch, eat her pussy like I ate yours
yesterday", Amber demanded. Debbie's ass was hurting but Amber continued to
spank her with the intensity increasing with each wack. Debbie twisted and

turned trying to free herself from Stephanie's grip. The girls were laughing,
but Debbie was panicking. Amber quickened the speed of her spanking Debbie's ass
turning it a bright red. She felt a strange sensation down in her loins as the
spanking continued.

To Debbie's shock she was starting to enjoy the spankings and felt an orgasm
building. Stephanie could tell that Debbie was getting close also and released
her

legs. Debbie quit struggling and wiggled her ass in response to Amber's blows.
Stephanie pushed Debbie's face into her cunt.

Debbie could smell the musty odor of a woman's cunt for the first time in her
life, sexually wet and excited. She slowly stuck her tongue out and felt the
soft, wet flesh of Stephanie's cunt. Debbie moved her tongue upward and felt a
hard, fleshy nub. She was cumming and did not realize the spankings were no

longer continued. As her orgasm continued she moaned and sucked Stephanie's clit
into her mouth and sucked slowly imitating what she enjoyed Brett doing to her
clit.

Amber adjusted the dildo she was wearing inserting the rod on the inside into
her own cunt. Satisfied that the double dildo was securely imbedded in her cunt,
Amber knelt behind Debbie's quivering ass. Amber could see the female cum
dripping from Debbie's cunt as she lined up the tip of the ten inch rubber dick
with Debbie's opening. Debbie pulled and lapped at Stephanie's clit and then
felt her cunt being penetrated.

"Ahhhh, ohhhhh, that feels so good," Debbie responded as Amber easily slid all
ten inches into Debbie's cunt.

Debbie increased her attention to Stephanie's clit listening to Stephanie moan
and feeling her pushing her hips upward. Debbie began moving her ass back and
forth to meet the thrust from Amber's rubber dick. Amber leaned forward and
rubbed her tits back and forth on Debbie's back as she fucked Debbie's cunt with
slow, long strokes. Each downward stroke into Debbie's cunt produced a deep
stroke into Amber's cunt from the alternate rubber dick. The three women were
lost in fucking, licking, and lapping at each other.

Stephanie was the first to cum announcing it to the other two women.

"Oh god, Debbie, lick me faster, stick your tongue in my cunt, please, ohhhhh,
I'm cumming, ohhhh," Stephanie screamed.

Debbie felt the splash of female cum hit her face and licked it off enjoying the
taste. Debbie furiously sucked and bit Stephanie's clit while she slammed her
hips

back against Amber. Amber and Debbie were in a rhythm fucking each other that
produced indescribable feelings.

Shortly after Stephanie exploded, Debbie bit down on Stephanie's clit as she
experienced her own orgasm. Amber immediately followed and thrust harder and
deeper into Debbie's cunt. Debbie shook her head from side to side and pleaded
with Amber to stop. Amber's arms were wrapped around Debbie and her hands were
milking Debbie's tits.

Debbie burst with another orgasm, the first multiple orgasm she had experience
in quite some time. Amber pulled the dildo from Debbie's cunt and collapsed
beside Stephanie. Debbie lay between the two girls, barely conscious, ragged

breathing, and completely content.

Debbie woke after noon and found her bed empty. She called out to Amber and
Stephanie and heard nothing. Debbie walked carefully to the bathroom and quickly

showered. She pulled on a robe and went to the two girls' bedroom. There Debbie
found a note and a wrapped gift with her name. Debbie read the note.

"Debbie, we enjoyed our visit immensely but have to be on our way. Thanks for
everything and we will see you in a few months. Enjoy the gift.

The girls both signed it "Love, Stephanie and Amber."

Debbie sighed and took the gift back to her room.

It had been almost two weeks since Stephanie and Amber visited. As Brett left
for work he asked Debbie what she planned for the day.

"Shopping," Debbie said in a daydream.

Debbie arrived at the shop where she, Stephanie, and Amber "tried" on clothes
before. Again, the clothes were too young for Debbie, but she found a short,
skirt and went to try it on. Debbie removed her skirt feeling the cool air on
her bare cunt.

The girls were right, Brett loved her shaved cunt and sex was so much better.
Debbie spread her legs and opened her purse removing Stephanie and Amber's gift.
Debbie closed her eyes and slowly inserted the eight-inch dildo into her cunt.
Debbie fucked herself with one hand and used her other hand to pinch her
nipples. As her orgasm began to build, Debbie never thought she would have so
much fun in a dressing room.

To be continued????  If you want to see this story continued, please e-mail me
at wifefantasy@hotmail.com.  If I get enough responses I will continue the
story.




Housewife's Awakening

(MF, F+/F, wife, 1st-lesbian, reluctant)

If you enjoy this story please e-mail me at wifefantasy@hotmail.com to let me
know.  If you have an idea for how this story should continue, please let me
know and I will work it in to one of the upcoming chapters.

Chapter Two - The Nieces Return



It was almost three months before Debbie saw Stephanie and Amber again. Debbie's
nieces opened an entirely new life for the normally conservative Debbie. She now
kept her five-foot frame taunt from daily workouts. The workouts strengthened
the muscles under Debbie's breasts causing the 36D globes to look a size larger.
To Debbie's pleasant surprise, Brett noticed and in just the last month or so,
he seemed to want to have sex every night. Brett especially liked the way Debbie
kept her pussy shaved bare. Although Debbie almost always orgasmed with Brett,
her most intense orgasms occurred as she masturbated with the vibrator her
nieces left her for a gift. All Debbie had to do was to think about that
afternoon and her cunt would be soaked with her juices.

When Brett told Debbie that Stephanie and Amber were arriving the next day for
another visit, Debbie almost came with just the anticipation. "When will they
get here?" Debbie asked trying to hide her anticipation. She was glad to learn
it would be late in the afternoon. Debbie spent the day shopping, picking out
some special clothes just for the two girls. Debbie laughed at the thought of
calling these two sexual mavericks "girls."

Stephanie at 18 was the best sexual partner Debbie ever had, and Amber at 17 was
learning fast. Debbie arrived home before Brett and changed into her short black
mini-skirt and white blouse that buttoned up the front. Debbie chose not to wear
any panties and her bra was so sheer it barely contained her rock hard nipples.
She pulled her long, blond hair back into a ponytail, which made Debbie look
much younger than her 33 years. She was almost giddy with anticipation when the
doorbell finally rang.

Brett answered the door and Stephanie and Amber quickly entered with laughter
and hugs for everyone. Debbie noticed as Brett's eyes locked onto Stephanie's
35C breasts hidden behind a cotton halter. Brett wrapped his arms around Amber
also and crushed her smaller 34B tits against his chest. Debbie felt a twinge of
jealously as Brett's hand patted Amber's firm ass, her shorts so tight and short
that her asscheeks poked out from under the hem. Debbie dismissed any worry as
Stephanie approached her. She did not notice the bulge in Brett's pants as the
two nieces walked toward Debbie.

Debbie consciously restrained herself as Stephanie kissed her on the cheek and
slyly licked Debbie's earlobe. Debbie could feel Brett's eyes on her as Amber
kissed Debbie with glee and winked then purposely let her hand drift across
Debbie's tit as she walked by. The four sat down and chatted for a couple of
hours until Brett announced he was tired and going to bed. Debbie was thrilled
that Brett was leaving her alone with her nieces. Amber and Stephanie expressed
a desire to go and get a "night cap" and invited Debbie to come along. Brett
agreed it would be a good idea and as he went upstairs to bed the three women
left together in Debbie's minivan.

Once upstairs, Brett could hardly contain his excitement. He pulled a pair of
Debbie's thongs from the dirty clothes hamper and held them up to his nose
inhaling the sweet aroma of her sex. Brett held the thongs in his hand as he sat
down on the toilet and took his cock in his hand and started to slide his hand
up and down. Within moments, Brett grunted and shot two loads of cum into the
panties. Brett changed into his pajamas, brushed his teeth and went to bed
satisfied.

Debbie, Stephanie and Amber talked excitedly as they headed toward a local bar
near the neighborhood. Debbie knew the bartender would not check the two girls
identification if they were with her. Just as they pulled into the parking lot,
Stephanie reached over and ran her hand up the inside of Debbie's thigh to her
bare cunt. "No panties," Stephanie giggled as she spoke to Amber, "you have
turned into a little slut Debbie." Debbie beamed with pride as Stephanie's
finger found Debbie's cunt lips and slid easily inside. Debbie's cuntlips were
swollen and her slit was saturated with excitement. Stephanie used her fingers
on Debbie's clit while Amber reached from the back seat and massaged Debbie's
tits. Just as Debbie was about to cum, the girls stopped at the same time.
"Please," Debbie begged to which Stephanie informed her later. Debbie exited the
minivan on wobbly legs but after a couple of drinks regained her composure.

As the women talked, Stephanie steered the conversation around to fidelity.
"Would you ever cheat on Brett?" Stephanie asked and winked at Amber. Debbie
adamantly denied that she would ever cheat on Brett with another man. Stephanie
asked if Debbie was absolutely sure, and Debbie reaffirmed her statement. Debbie
watched as Stephanie took a stack of photos from her bag. "I think you'll find
these interesting," Stephanie said with a hint of laughter and handed the photos
to Debbie.

Debbie stared in disbelief. There in her hand were pictures of herself, lying on
her bed with Stephanie between her legs shaving her cunt. In the next photo,
Debbie was sucking Stephanie's breasts. Another photo showed her head buried
into Stephanie's cunt obviously giving oral sex. The final picture was of Amber
fucking Debbie from behind with the strap on dildo. The pictures clearly showed
Debbie enjoying herself and a willingly participant. "Why are you showing these
to me?" Debbie asked nervously. Stephanie's face contained an evil grin as she
spoke. "Well, Amber and I want your loyalty, we expect our bitches to do as they
are told and sometimes we need a little persuasion," Stephanie informed a
shocked Debbie.

Debbie was confused. These two young girls appeared so carefree and now they
were just being evil. But Debbie was concerned as Stephanie took the pictures
and placed them back in her handbag. "We want to play a game with you called
test your confidence," Stephanie informed Debbie. Debbie sat silently as
Stephanie explained. Stephanie informed Debbie that she would get a job at a
strip club and work until she made one thousand dollars. She would also submit
to any and all orders that either Stephanie or Amber gave her immediately and
without question.  Stephanie told Debbie that Amber already picked the club and
that auditions were the next day. Debbie started to protest but Stephanie held
up her hand. "Now, here is the fun part," Stephanie continued, "We bet that we
can get Brett to fuck both of us and we will take pictures to prove it." "He
would never do it, just like I wouldn't fuck anyone else," Debbie said
poignantly with a slight hint of arrogance. "And I will not work in a strip club
for anyone." "No problem," said Stephanie, "I'm sure Brett would be totally
understanding of your situation after seeing these pictures.  I am also sure
that the divorce attorney that he would hire wouldn't dare use these pictures to
make sure that he gets complete and full custody of the kids.  I am also pretty
sure that the scandal that would spread as a result of these pictures being
released to the local schools, paper, and your husbands work wouldn't cause
irreparable damage to Brett and the kids reputations."

Debbie was appalled. These two women were definitely not the same two who were
so carefree in the dressing room. This was blackmail and Debbie knew she was
without choices. She loved Brett and the kids too much to risk causing them the
hurt and damage that this would induce.  "Good," said Stephanie as Debbie sat
silently and listened, "Here's the game." Stephanie explained that the two girls
could do everything to seduce Brett except parade naked in front of him or touch
him. If before their two week visit was up, Brett fucked them, then Debbie would
be their sex slave for one year doing anything or anyone they asked. However, if
after two weeks, Brett did not fuck them, then Debbie could quit her job as a
stripper and she would get the pictures back.  Stephanie emphasized that Brett
must fuck them both, her and Amber.

Debbie listened and on the inside smiled. She knew that Brett would not betray
her on several counts. The first and most important was that Brett loved her and
second, these were her nieces. Debbie did not see how she could lose. "And Brett
has to fuck both of you?" Debbie asked, "within 14 days?" Stephanie nodded and
Debbie agreed. Stephanie and Amber then told Debbie that they would show her the
strip club where Debbie would work. The only words spoken in the minivan as
Debbie drove were Amber providing directions. Debbie drove into the large city
they lived near and into the seedy downtown area. Debbie saw the numerous adult
bookstores and strip clubs as she drove until finally Amber pointed to one with
partially nude women outlined in neon on the room. Amber saw a fat, dirty man
standing outside barking at pedestrians trying to entice them into the club
called "Platinum Blondes." "You're kidding," Debbie said exasperated, "that
place is a dump." Stephanie and Amber both laughed and told Debbie no one said
it would be easy.   Debbie was completely beside herself, but as she sat there
she decided that she could take two weeks of humiliation if it would protect her
family.

Not one word was spoken as the group drove back home. Once at home, Stephanie
reminded Debbie of the deal and told her it would start tomorrow. Debbie found
Brett sound asleep in bed when she entered the bedroom. Debbie quietly undressed
and was surprised to find that her cunt was as wet as ever. As Debbie lightly
touched her engorged cunt lips, she shivered as the currents of excitement
coursed through her body. Debbie looked at Brett again to make sure he was still
asleep and then proceeded to finger herself to orgasm before going to bed. That
morning Stephanie and Amber were gone when Debbie got up. Brett took the kids to
school on his way to work.

On the Stephanie's bed was an envelope that contained directions for Debbie. Her
appointment at the strip club was at 2 pm and Stephanie wrote in large letters
"DON'T BE LATE." Debbie sighed and went to her closet to find the items
specified by Stephanie. At 2pm promptly Debbie walked through the doors of
"Platinum Blondes" and asked to see the manager. Debbie found the inside of the
club more disgusting that outside. The manager came out and it was the fat man
Debbie saw the night before trying to attract customers. "What do you want," the
fat man demanded. Debbie shivered as she could feel his eyes undressing her. The
thought of running away was racing in her mind, but then she knew Stephanie
still had the incriminating pictures. Debbie took a deep breath and told the
story Stephanie instructed.

"I need a job, I'm a single Mother and have to find work to keep my apartment."
The fat man nodded and motioned for Debbie to enter his office. "Strip!" the fat
man said matter-of-factly to Debbie not even looking at her. She was completely
humiliated and almost ran out of the club, but the thought of her families ruin
gave her a sense of purpose and determination to see this through.  She started
removing the clothes Stephanie ordered her to wear. First the "A"line skirt,
then the tight sweater. Debbie stopped and stood in just her black thong and
push-up bra uneasy in the 3-inch black hi-heel shoes that accented her shapely
legs. The fat man looked up and motioned with his hand for Debbie to continue.
Debbie could feel her heart beating so fast in her chest. No other man had ever
seen her nude except Brett and now this disgusting stranger was going to see
her.

Debbie drew in a deep breath and turned around and unhooked her bra and let it
fall in the pile at her feet. Next Debbie rolled the thong down over her hips
and off her legs folding and laying them on the pile of clothes. Debbie placed
an arm over her breasts and a hand over her shaved cunt as she slowly turned
around. "God dammit," the fat man yelled, "if you're goin' strip you can't be
this shy, now show me those tits and that pussy." Debbie let her arms fall to
her side and the fat man whistled in appreciation. Debbie felt the cool air on
her tits and her nipples immediately hardened. "Nice," the fat man commented and
walked toward Debbie.

He reached for her left tit, and Debbie stepped away. "Do you want the job or
not?" the fat man asked. Debbie nodded and forced herself to stand still while
this disgusting man groped both of her tits. Again, only Brett had ever touched
her before and now this man was treating her like a whore. "Good," the fat man
said and stopped, "I'll give you 50 dollars to fuck you," the fat man said
casually. He must of saw the look on Debbie's face as he passed off his comment
as "just kidding." The fat man explained that Debbie would start work that night
and he would pay her $2.00 an hour. She would have to strip at least five times
during a shift in rotation with other girls then work the crowd of men for tips.
He also told Debbie she must remain topless at all times, but could wear a thong
when she worked the crowd. Any tips were to be split 40/60, with 60 going to
him. "Any questions?" the fat man asked. Debbie shook her head "no" and reached
down to pick up her clothes. The fat man just stared at her as she dressed.

Once dressed, Debbie hurried out of the club and headed home. She felt a strange
excitement at the thought of stripping even if the club was disgusting. When
Debbie arrived home the kids were already in bed. Brett asked where she had been
and Debbie replied she was just shopping. Debbie saw Stephanie and Amber sitting
on the couch and knew by the way they were dressed that the bet was in full
swing. "Did you take care of that thing for us," Stephanie asked. Debbie
informed Stephanie that she did, but left it at the store and would have to go
get it in the morning.

Debbie could see that Stephanie wore a skirt that was so short it barely covered
her ass. In addition, Stephanie's 35C tits were barely covered in the top of a
swimsuit. Amber was dressed in similar short shorts except this pair was
strategically torn just at the crack in her ass. Amber wore a cotton halter that
was white and did little to hide her small firm breasts. Debbie could clearly
see the quarter size areola and Amber's eraser hard nipples through the thin
cloth. Brett sat in the chair apparently obliviously to the two nieces.

Debbie prepared dinner and watched as Stephanie and Amber tried to seduce Brett.
Stephanie even went as far at to turn the TV channel by bending at the waist.
Brett could clearly see the red thong pulled tightly separating Stephanie's
asscheeks. Amber played around with the dog, her halter falling open enough so
that Brett could easily see her nipples. Debbie smiled to herself as Brett
appeared not to notice any of these tactics.  She made a mental note to herself
to keep Brett satisfied sexually so that her nieces wouldn't be able to tempt
him.

After dinner was over and the kids were put to bed Debbie was busy cleaning up
the  kitchen when Amber approached her from behind.  "Slut, tonight you are not
to allow Brett to touch you and you are not allowed to touch him.  You are to
deny any and all sexual advances from him or else expect those lovely pictures
to be released before you wake your pretty little head up tomorrow morning,"
Amber whispered into Debbie's ear in a menacing tone.  Then she added, "And just
so you know we installed some hidden camera's around the house today while you
were out.  So we will be watching everything, and I mean everything you do."

Debbie was not prepared for this.  Evidently, the girls had really thought this
out.  She would have to follow their orders or else she would loose everything
that she cares about in this world.

Upstairs in the bedroom Debbie took off her clothes and turned her back towards
Brett who had already climbed in bed, her shaved cunt in clear view of Brett.
"God, I want to fuck you," Brett said. "I can't believe you said that to me,"
Debbie exclaimed with anger, "how dare you treat me like a common whore." Brett
mumbled an apology and watched disappointed as Debbie pulled on her pajamas,
went to bed and rolled away from him. A tear rolled down Debbie's face. "After
all," she thought, "I'm not a whore, I'm a slut."

The next morning Debbie got Brett and the kids off to school and work before
either of the girls came downstairs.  As she was getting the living room
straightened up she heard the girls coming down the stairs.  "Great job last
night slut," Amber commented, "I thought for sure you were going to force us to
publish those pictures but we saw and heard your rebuff of Brett." "After all
who does he think he is wanting to fuck our slut, we are the only ones who get
to treat you like the whore you are," Stephanie added with a wicked smile
plastered across her face.  They had been watching me Debbie thought to herself. 
I will have to make sure to be mindful of those cameras at all times otherwise I
might loose everything.

Stephanie then informed Debbie that they would be taking a little trip this
morning to warm her up for her afternoon activities.  Debbie got a sick feeling
in the pit of her stomach wondering what sick awful things they had in store for
her.

The girls were already dressed and told Debbie to follow them into her bedroom. 
Once inside they pointed to an outfit for Debbie that was on already on the bed.
Debbie looked at the short, red plaid skirt and realized it would barely cover
her shapely ass. The top they expected her to wear was a tank top, white. It
looked to be at least a size too small.  They told Debbie she would not need bra
and panties.

Debbie pulled on the skirt and the tank top and looked in the mirror. The tank
top barely contained her 36D breasts and Debbie could easily make out the
darkness of her areolas while her nipples strained at the thin cotton top. Amber
found a pair of very high heels, black with

ankle straps and gave them to Debbie to put on.

After Debbie was dressed, she thought to herself that there was no way she could
go out of the house in this slutty outfit, but some how she knew she would have
to force herself to anyways.

"Come on, slut," Stephanie ordered.

Confused, Debbie got up and followed the girls downstairs. Debbie watched in
shock as they exited the house into the garage. Debbie stopped and waited. In a
few moments Stephanie returned and asked what she was doing.

"Where are we going, Stephanie," Debbie asked timidly, "I don't want anyone to
see me like this."

"Just a little adventure, trust me," Stephanie replied and took Debbie by the
hand and led her minivan.

When Debbie sat down in the passenger seat, the short skirt rode up to just
below her cunt. Debbie was trying to force it down when Stephanie ordered her to
leave it like it was. Stephanie headed down the interstate driving nonchalantly
in the passing lane. Debbie was very self-conscious as they approached an
18-wheeler truck. Debbie assumed Stephanie would know that the truck driver
could see her. She drove up almost to the cab of the truck.

"What are you doing?" Debbie asked and pulled at her short skirt.

"Pull your skirt up high," Amber directed, "and move your tits outside the top,
do it now bitch or else."

Debbie was not sure what to do but she knew that she really didn't have much of
a choice. Debbie slowly pulled her skirt above her waist giving a clear view of
her shaved cunt to anyone who cared to look.

Next, she pushed the sides of the tank top toward the center freeing her large
breasts. Stephanie slowly pulled along side the cab of the trucker and
maintained the same speed. Debbie felt her breathing increasing as her pussy
filled with juices. She kept her eyes straight ahead not wanting to see the
trucker looking at her.  She was so embarrassed that she was actually getting
turned on by this.  She just hoped that the girls wouldn't notice that her cunt
was starting to drip.

"Finger yourself," Amber said sharply.

Debbie did not even hesitate. She took her hand and parted her pussy lips with
her index and third finger and stroked her clit rapidly. Without being told, she
used her other hand to pinch her nipple of her right breast. Within moments, she
was nearing orgasm and Stephanie stayed right beside the trucker who was staring
right at Debbie.

Debbie moaned as her orgasm washed over her. She thrust her fingers into her
pussy and used her thumb to massage her clit as the orgasm increased in
intensity. Debbie forgot all about the trucker and started bouncing her hips up
and down on the car seat. The blast of the trucker's air horn caused Debbie to
jerked her hand away and push her skirt down. Stephanie chuckled as she slowed
and let the appreciative trucker continue down the highway.

"Not bad slut," Stephanie commented and continued into the next town.

Debbie finally recovered from her orgasm and sat silently as Stephanie meandered
through the neighboring town. Debbie was thankful no knew her because of the way
she was dressed.

"What are we doing now?" Debbie asked as she turned into the parking lot of a
large grocery store.

"You're going to go inside and go to the frozen food section and play with
yourself," Amber casually replied.  "We will also be in the store watching you
so you had better do exactly as we instruct" Amber ordered.

Again, Debbie felt the sparks of excitement as she and the girls walked toward
the grocery store. The girls held back, walking about ten feet behind Debbie,
like he was not with her. Debbie knew they would be watching her. What she
didn't see was Amber pulling out a small hand held video camera from her purse. 
Since Debbie was not known in the town, and since she didn't want to anger the
girls she really got into the slut role. Walking so her hips moved seductively
and her breasts swung from side to side.

Debbie entered the grocery store, took a cart and started around the aisle. She
looked back, and couldn't see the girls anymore, but knew they were near. Debbie
noticed she was attracting the stares of some of the store clerks as she walked
around. She rounded one corner and two older

women saw her and started whispering. This also gave Debbie a strange thrill
because she knew that they disapproved.

Finally Debbie ended up in the frozen food section. She had placed a few items
in her cart to give the appearance she was actually shopping.  Debbie leaned
over the rail to search the

back of the freezer. She could feel her nipples hardening to the cold air.
Debbie could also feel the cold air on her cunt and ass that were now partially
exposed as she leaned over and her short skirt rode up her backside.

Debbie held her position for almost thirty seconds as the girls had instructed
before straightening up. She heard male voices and looked at the opposite end of
the store and saw two men, one about fifty, the other much younger watching her.
She walked about five feet and repeated the behavior this time leaning further
into the freezer.

This gave her spectators a full view of her pussy and ass. She leaned so far
over that her nipples actually touched the frozen foods causing her tank top to
become wet. When she stood up to continue shopping, her dark, brown areolas were
clearly visible as were her hard, pink nipples.

Debbie saw Stephanie as she walked toward her.  She was grinning as the two men
who watched her slut were making adjustments to try to hide their erections.

"How did I do," Debbie asked Stephanie with an evil grin.

"Great, now come with me and get your ass out to the car," she ordered.

Debbie quickly walked through the grocery. She could feel the cold air on her
ass and cunt. The same two women saw her, shook their heads and pointed. Debbie
caught a glimpse of herself in a mirror. There was no question; she definitely
looked like quite the slut.

Debbie finally got into the car. Amber kissed her passionately and asked if she
enjoyed the adventure. Debbie did not speak, but looked down and nodded her head
"yes."

"Just wait until you see what we have planned for this afternoon," Amber said,
"your training has just begun."

"Good job Debbie, but you didn't ask for permission to cum.  In the future you
must always ask for and receive permission in order to cum" Stephanie teased,
"do you understand me slut?"

"Yes, I understand," Debbie answered not believing that her body had betrayed
her so badly.

"Now go into the bathroom so we can get you ready for your next adventure."

"Bathroom, but I..."

"Debbie, follow directions!" Amber snapped as she slapped Debbie hard across the
face.

"Sorry," Debbie groaned as she rambled, on weak legs, into the bathroom.

"Now, stand in front of the mirror," Amber commanded.

Debbie stood in front of the full-length mirror that was next to the sink.
Debbie used it to check out her outfits, and she had a little stool that she
used when she put on her makeup. Debbie almost jumped back when she saw her
puffy reflection staring back at her.

"Ok slut, do your face up," Amber commanded.

"You mean put makeup on?" A confused Debbie mumbled, and it was confirmed.

Debbie sat on the stool, still somewhat confused. She patted her face dry and
started to put on her base.

She continued to apply her makeup and then fixed her hair, while still uneasy as
to the girl's intentions. When Debbie announce she was finished, Stephanie
commanded her to stand up. Debbie moved the stool aside and stood in front of
the mirror, her head not moving, but her eyes shifting back and forth.

"Debbie, look into the mirror and tell me what you see," Stephanie hissed.

Debbie hesitated, a little confused, as she looked around pleadingly.

"Describe yourself," Amber finally barked.

"Ok, this is hard, where to start," Debbie mumbled, while wondering why she
would tell her to do this when they could clearly see her?

"I'm five foot even, around a hundred pounds. Ah, long blonde hair, with blonde
highlights, hazel eyes. Ah, is this what you want?"

Debbie was again looking at her reflection in the mirror.

"Ok, what color lipstick did you put on?" Stephanie boomed

"Ah pink, it's pink," Debbie said.

"Put some gloss on them," Amber boomed, "You should have asked what color we
wanted you to wear.  Sluts don't make decisions for themselves."

Debbie applied the gloss and she also had to put on more dark eyeliner according
to Stephanie's instructions.

"Slowly turn around," Stephanie bellowed.

Debbie was frantic. "How dare someone come into her home and now treat her like
this?" She kept saying to herself. Only the thought of her family was giving her
the strength to comply, as Debbie did a slow full circle.

"Ok lean forward, hands on your knees; you're doing good slut," Amber teased.

Debbie didn't know about that, she felt so pathetic, for playing along with this
game, like some sick version of Simon-Says. She didn't feel any better when she
had to turn around and assume the same hands and knees pose, as she cursed
herself for the lack of underwear.

"Ok Debbie turn around and stand back up," the voice ordered. "I like your
outfit so much that you won't have to change for your next little adventure."



Debbie just shook her head. She still couldn't imagine what the girls's had in
store for her, or if she could take anymore of this.

"Now Debbie, bring the speakerphone into the living room and turn it on so we
can hear you from the back of the house," Stephanie ordered.  "Remember that we
can see and hear everything you do so you had better not fuck this up or else. 
We will tell you about your next adventure when we get upstairs," Amber added as
they headed upstairs.

Debbie following orders, set up the phone on the coffee table and opened the
blind, as the sun temporarily blinded her, ironically it seemed like a perfect
day outside.

"Ok Debbie, can you hear us?" Stephanie asked.

"Yes, I can hear you." Debbie added as she steadied herself for whatever was to
come next.

"Great, now wait till I tell you your next adventure," Stephanie teased.

"What adventure?" Debbie nervously asked as she looked at herself in the mirror. 
She couldn't believe what a total slut she looked like in this outfit.  Her tits
where clearly visible through her white tank top and this skirt just barely
covered her ass and she couldn't hardly move without flashing her bare cunt or
ass to anyone interested in looking.  She felt so dirty and humiliated being
forced to walk around like this in her own house.  And to top it all off the
ridiculous heels that she had to wear were killing her feet.  She would be so
glad when Brett won the game for her and she got the pictures back from the
girls.

"Well it's Monday and the paperboy collects this afternoon." Stephanie informed
Debbie.

"Well sort of, it's really the paperboy's brother. The paperboy is a still a
little young to handle money I guess," Debbie mumbled.  "What's this all about?"

"Well today when he comes by, have a beverage waiting for the young man,"
Stephanie bellowed. "What is he 18?"

"Yes, maybe even 19 now, but I can't, not like I'm dressed!" Debbie cried out in
embarrassment.

"You will and more," Stephanie snapped

"What do you mean more?" Debbie responded hesitantly.

"Today the paperboy gets the tip of his young life," Amber purred.

"Wait a second, you're not suggesting," Debbie mumbled.

"I am sure when it hits you, in a second or two, we are going to have a
waterfall scene," Amber teased.

"Fuck you and fuck your games! There is no way, and if you hurt my family I will
spend the rest of my days," Debbie cried out, her voice trailing off, as she was
indeed crying.

"When he comes over, you will invite him in, and then right on the couch, you
will seduce him, it shouldn't be that hard," Amber barked. "You will strip for
him, give him oral and regular sex, and anything else he wants you to do."

"Yeah right, he is still just a kid," Debbie snapped.

"Not after today!" Stephanie snapped back.

"Now get your ass cleaned up and get ready, he will be around soon," Stephanie
ordered.

"I never, I mean, I can't cheat on my husband, and this is just sick stuff and
your sick for making me do this," Debbie managed, through her tears.

"Never say never," Stephanie boomed and then added. "You will, or there will be
no husband to cheat on because he will leave you and take your kids with him
when he sees the pictures."

It took Debbie over ten minutes to stop crying, before she fixed her make up and
hair in the mirror again. She put on some perfume and returned to the living
room. She was sitting on the couch, still not believing that she was even
contemplating following the girl's perverse orders.

Debbie needed some reinforcement, she took a photo off the TV, of her husband
and children, and hugged it in her arms.

"I'm sorry honey, please forgive me for my sins," she cried, when she heard the
doorbell's powerful ring.

"Get to work Debbie," Stephanie ordered over the speaker, "And if you fail us,
you will be severally punished, now get to work slut."

She moved to the front door, took a deep breath and opened the door.

"Ah, hi, Mrs. S. Collecting," the young man chirped.

"Hi Jimmy, come in for a sec, I'll get your money." Debbie said, as she swung
the door open, her heart in her throat.

The young man entered, but stayed by the front door, as he was in a rush to get
done and head to the ball field.

"Ah Jimmy, have a seat on the couch, I will be with you in a second." Debbie
mumbled from the kitchen, before she poured some coke into tall glasses, adding
some of her husband's whiskey into hers.

Jimmy reluctantly sat down, impatiently looking out the window at the clear blue
sky. Debbie sauntered into the room carrying two glasses. "I just thought you
could use a little drink."

"Thanks, but I'm kind of in rush, have too ah..." Jimmy started, until he
realized he forgot what he was saying, as he examined Debbie's sexy outfit. He
never remembered seeing her dressed like this, in fact he didn't even remember
being invited inside before. He couldn't believe this beautiful woman dressed
like a total whore was actually talking to him on a social level.

Jimmy tried to look Debbie in the face, but he couldn't find the strength to
take his eyes off her breast which were straining to break free of the too small
tank top she was wearing.  He could clearly see her nipples pocking through the
thin material.

"I just thought we could chat for a sec," Debbie said, as she sipped her drink,
her heart pounding, her face flush, it had been a long time since she had tried
to act sexy. She was also still trying to make up her mind. Debbie looked out
the window, and then tried to cross and uncross her legs as slowly as possible
allowing Jimmy a glimpse of her naked cunt. While crossing her legs she also
took one last look at her family picture on the mantel.

"Ah Jimmy," Debbie started, her voice trembling. "So how's the coke?"

"It's good, but I have to go. Can I have my money?" Jimmy said, as he stood up. 
He couldn't believe that this gorgeous older woman was coming on to him.  He
wasn't sure if that was the direction this was heading, but when he saw her
naked pussy come into view as her short skirt shifted on her waste he had no
doubts as to her intentions.

"Please Jimmy, it's cool, my husband is away with the kids!" Debbie lied.

"That's cool," Jimmy said, a little confused as he walked to the door.

"Please you can't leave yet, I haven't paid you yet!" Debbie said, as she raced
over and pinned Jimmy against the door.

Jimmy spun around, he was face to face with Debbie, as she leaned her body
weight into his.

"Well I just thought you might like me," Debbie said, in her sexiest voice.

"Your all right I guess," Jimmy moaned. "Please Mrs. S. What are you doing?"

Debbie was pressing up against the young man. She didn't find him attractive in
the least. Jimmy was a short man with hard features, so she tried to avoid eye
contract, as she slid down his body. She started to pull at the young mans
jeans.

"Please Mrs. S. Stop that!" Jimmy cried.

"Don't worry, don't be embarrassed, I will make it all right," Debbie said, on
the verge of tears, as she struggled within herself, and with him. She finally
got the young man's jeans open, as she had to keep batting his hands away.
Reaching in his pants, she gripped his cock, surprised that it was already hard,
when she pulled it out of his pants.

"Ah nice," Debbie managed, as she lied a little, the young man had a smallish
cock, but it was stiff as a board as she gripped it in her hand, jerking it back
and forth.

"See, doesn't that feel good?" Debbie purred, but didn't have to wait for an
answer, as she was suddenly hit with a blast of cum, from the young man's cock.

"Oh man, Oh God!" Jimmy gasped, as he looked at Debbie trying to wipe his cum
from her eye. "I'm sorry, really I didn't mean too."

"Jimmy it's all right," Debbie mumbled.

"Ah I have to go really, forget the money," Jimmy said, as Debbie again stopped
him. 

"Please Jimmy, you can do me if you want!" Debbie pleaded, as Jimmy pushed her
out of the way, and opened the door.

"Please Jimmy, do yah, ah... Don't you want to see me strip naked?" Debbie
screamed out, as Jimmy made it to the front steps. Jimmy stopped dead in his
tracts; turning around he looked at Debbie in silence, as she waved him back in,
his cum dripping down her cheek.

Debbie turned and went into the bathroom to clean up. She washed her face and
hands quickly. Looking at her face in the mirror, she wondered if she had it in
her, to go back out there.

"Ah Jimmy," she called out, somewhat hoping for a lack of response.

"Here Mrs. S." She heard from the living room.

"Oh man I have to tell him my first name," Debbie said, with a nervous chuckle.
"Ok, Debbie, you can do this, I mean, ten bucks says he has never seen a naked
women up close before. Plus, they never forget their first. Plus you have worked
so hard to keep your body in shape."

With deep breaths, Debbie tried to build up her confidence, as she didn't want
to break down in front of the young man. Debbie finally made her way back into
the living room.

"Sorry again Mrs. S." Jimmy mumbled, as he looked down.

"Don't worry, it happens and Jimmy please call me Debbie, all right?" Debbie
said, standing in front of him, as he sat on the couch.

"Are you ready?" Debbie asked, as she looked down to Jimmy, who was shaking his
head up and down, although she wasn't sure if she was only asking Jimmy.

Debbie looked down at her outfit, with trembling hands she slipped the right
strap off her shoulder, and her right breast popped into view a lot quicker than
she would have liked. Her eyes looked up at Jimmy, when she heard him gasp.
Debbie was mortified, but did her best to smile, as she slipped the left strap
down, exposing her other breast to the young man.

Jimmy's eyes were a big as saucers, as if he was trying to burn the image of
Debbie breasts into his memory. Debbie stood with her hands by her side, not
really sure what to do with them. The heat of his stare was becoming unbearable
for Debbie, causing her to turn around.

After a minute or two to catch her breath, she began slowly lifting her
min-skirt, until she heard that

gasp again, and knew that her naked backside must be visible. She stood frozen
in that position as she tried to muster up some more courage to continue.

Debbie wasn't sure if she could expose her pussy to the young man, especially in
its present state, so when she turned around, she quickly slid down on the couch
next to the flushed young man.

"Wow Mrs. S, I mean Debbie, your uh, things are great looking." Jimmy mumbled.

"They're called breasts," Debbie said, as polite as possible, as she fought her
urge to cover them.

"Breasts right, sorry," Jimmy said, and then looked away in embarrassment.

Debbie almost felt bad for the shy boy, as he reminded her a lot of herself when
she was younger. She didn't want to ask him if he had ever had any sexual
experience with a woman before, from his actions it was painfully obvious. She
turned Jimmy's face back around and told him that it was all right.

Debbie surprised herself by grabbing Jimmy's hand and pressing it to her chest.
When she took her hand away, Jimmy just left his hand there. His jaw wide open.

"You can squeeze them Jimmy," Debbie whispered, after several awkward seconds
had past.

"Not like that!" Debbie cried out quickly, when Jimmy's hand clamped down.

"I didn't mean squeeze; I meant caress, here like this," she said, as she guided
Jimmy's hand to her breast again.

"See like this, soft and easy," she whispered, as she guided the young man's
hand with hers. Slowly Debbie dropped her hand, and Jimmy was on his own. Debbie
slowly sank back into the couch, as Jimmy switched from one breast to the other.
She closed her eyes and tried to journey back to a time, when she was younger,
and that intense feeling of being felt up for the first time. She tried anything
to put out of her mind the reality of the day's events. 

Debbie was snapped out of her quest, by the unique feeling of a hand running
down from her breast, over her stomach, wondering around the waist of her
mini-skirt. She felt her skirt rise, fingers dancing on her thigh, and then
moving closer and closer.

"Oh my god," Jimmy gasped, matching Debbie's gasp.

Debbie quickly opened her eyes. Jimmy wore a shocked look on his face. Debbie
didn't know if it resulted from the fact that he just touched her pussy, or that
she was shaved bare, or maybe it was the simple fact that she wasn't wearing
panties.

Debbie didn't have the nerve to ask, she just smiled as seductively as she could
and again guided Jimmy's hand back to her pussy. After a rough start, she
figured she would show him how she liked to be rubbed. She moved his fingers in
small circles around her clit. Jimmy was a slow learner, but soon got the idea.

Debbie again sank back against the couch, almost unconsciously reaching out with
her left hand, rubbing the front of Jimmy's pants, until she found her target.
He jumped at first, but didn't fight her this time. Debbie again closed her
eyes, as she drifted back off to another place in time.  "Ah...Debbie...I gotta
go!" Jimmy screamed out, startling Debbie, as the young man sprinted towards the
door.

"Wait Jimmy!" Debbie cried out, as she was confused at first, and then quickly
noticed her left fingers were wet and sticky. She let out a groan, as she heard
the front door slam.

"Oh man," Debbie cried out, as she covered her head with a pillow, for several
minutes, as the humiliating events replayed in her head, before stumbling to the
bathroom. After washing her hands, she returned to the living room.

"Well I tried," Debbie cried out, as she knew Stephanie and Amber were still
there, and she was trying a preventive strike.

"You tried, but failed, miserably" Stephanie barked.

"Failed! It wasn't fair; this whole thing isn't fair!" Debbie screamed into the
air.

"No more crying or complaining, you have used up our patience," Amber yelled.

"Right, your patience," Debbie thought to herself, sitting down on the recliner,
face in hands. "I just had the paperboy cum on me, twice."

"Now we have 2 hours until the kids get home from school," Stephanie said as she
and Amber reappeared,  "What shall we do about your miserable failure?"



To be continued in Chapter 3 - Debbie's Punishment.  The next chapter will
involve harder sex and some bdsm.  If you want to see this story continued,
please e-mail me at wifefantasy@hotmail.com.  If I get enough responses I will
continue the story.




Housewife's Awakening

(MF, F+/F, wife, 1st-lesbian, reluctant)

If you enjoy this story please e-mail me at wifefantasy@hotmail.com to let me
know.  If you have an idea for how this story should continue, please let me
know and I will work it into one of the upcoming chapters.

Author's note:  Thank you to all who have taken the time to e-mail with
comments, ideas, criticism, and encouragement, please keep them coming.

Chapter Three - Debbie's Punishment



"Slut, you have been warned and we have been patient, but this is the last
straw," Stephanie screamed and jerked Debbie to her feet and led her out to the
garage.  Against the far wall there were manacles hanging from the ceiling by
chains. Debbie continued to protest as Amber took Debbie's hands and placed her
wrist in one of each. Debbie felt her arms pulled above her head and her body
lifted off the floor until her toes barely touched the cold garage floor as
Amber pulled on the chains and secured them to the wall.

"You will learn to do as you are instructed without pause or hesitation, do you
understand," Stephanie said as she stood directly in front of Debbie.  "You will
also address us as either Mistress Stephanie or Mistress Amber for now on unless
you are in the presence of your family, do you understand slut?"

Debbie did not respond and Stephanie nodded at Amber who produced two painful
looking clamps. Each clamp was about one inch in size with rows of sharp teeth
on top and bottom. Debbie screamed as Amber opened the clamp and placed it over
Debbie's right nipple and released it. Amber repeated the process on Debbie's
left nipple.

Debbie frantically looked down thinking her nipples were cut in two. But the
clamps only dug into the tender flesh of her nipples and Debbie was shocked to
see no blood. The pain in Debbie's nipples was intense, but she refused to
submit to the two women. Amber was an expert. She waited until Debbie's nipples
grew use to the clamps then applied weights to the ends of each one.

This produced more pain in Debbie's nipples as the weight pulled at the clamps
dragging her nipples downward and causing the teeth to grab harder. Stephanie
grabbed Debbie by the hair and pulled her head back.

"Now, do you understand or shall I have Amber add another weight," Stephanie
asked Debbie.

Debbie did not know what they wanted her to say and just nodded her head. Amber
immediately applied more weights causing Debbie to start begging to be released.

"Do you understand?" Stephanie asked again.

Debbie shook her head frantically up and down to indicate she understood and
watched in horror as Amber placed two more weights onto the clamps. Debbie's
tits were now pulled almost down to her waist and her nipples were a purplish
color. Debbie's cries

were now wails as she ran through her mind searching for the proper response.
Finally, as Amber started to add more weights, Debbie blurted out her answer.

"Yes, Mistress Stephanie, yes Mistress Amber, yes I understand," Debbie
repeated.

Amber removed the weights but left the clamps on Debbie's nipples. After the
weights, Debbie could barely feel the clamps. Amber then pulled out a blindfold.

"No..." Debbie said meekly.

"Yes..." Amber replied, and in a second she had it around Debbie's eyes.  She
was blindfolded and didn't know what to think.  And then she was left alone
hanging from the ceiling, blind to the world as Stephanie and Amber exited the
garage.

"Stephanie, I am going to head down to the club to make sure all the
arrangements are in order for tonight," Amber said.

Stephanie replied, "Don't forget that we must get her face in all the shots or
else the footage will be useless."

"I'm not an idiot Stephanie, I think I can handle this," Amber said with a bit
of anger in her voice.  "Just make sure not to kill the slut while I am gone.  I
want my turn tomorrow too."

"I won't be too hard on her," Stephanie giggled, "After we finish with her
tonight, we will own her sorry ass for good."

Amber then headed out the door and climbed into Stephanie's car to drive to
Platinum Blondes to make sure that she could get video footage of Debbie's
premier stripping performance tonight.

Meanwhile Stephanie enters the garage to continue with her punishment of Debbie.

Debbie was wondering how long she had been hanging there when she heard the door
open and the clicking of high heels on the cold concrete floor.

There was a hushed silence and then she felt a pair of hands grabbing at the
blindfold across her face and pulling it off.

Debbie couldn't believe what she was seeing!  There was Stephanie, but now she
was dressed in a black leather garter belt and sheer stockings, thigh high
boots, and...and nothing else.

She looked astonishing.  Like something out of a fantasy.  And at her side,
coiled up, was a whip...a leather whip.. and it was attached to a small chain at
her side.

Debbie couldn't believe the position she was in.  She felt so humiliated as she
was looking up at Stephanie as she towered above her thinking about how
absolutely fucking sexy she looked.  She also wondered how long she would have
to hang the way she was but before she could finish her thought Stephanie came
over and pushed her tongue deep inside her shocked mouth.

That tongue deep in her mouth was making Debbie loose her sense of balance.  She
couldn't believe that she was actually getting turned on by this absolutely
appalling treating of her, but she was and couldn't help herself.

Debbie was on fire. Never, in her wildest dreams, had she ever experienced
anything like this before!  She had no idea, really, how she'd gotten to where
she was now, but she had to admit, that just hanging there like that was driving
her crazy. Really out of her mind.

And Stephanie...Stephanie, her lovely little niece who she watched grow up, was
standing before her dressed all in leather, and with that whip hanging off her
hip, she looked a sight.  It was enough to really make Debbie hot! And that was
the most surprising thing of all.  How could she allow herself to become excited
sexually by this?  What was happening to her?

Like when Stephanie came over to her, with that wicked smile on her face.  She
could feel her entire being start to really go...God...it was so incredible. 
Stephanie was an expert, it was obvious to see...just an expert in the way she
was beginning to work on her.

Like, for instance, touching her under her armpits...  That sent her nearly into
a frenzy. Little things like that. The unexpected.

"Ohhh..."  Debbie blushed when she felt Stephanie's delicate fingers there...So
good...so exciting and somehow calming at the same time.  "You're sweating,
slut..."

Stephanie let her fingers play in the beads of sweat that were collecting under
Debbie's arms.

She blushed, and secretly told herself that she was so happy she'd shaved under
there this morning.

Now, her eyes kept on swimming all over Stephanie's gorgeous body...  And Debbie
had to

admit it, as much as she didn't want to...as much as she knew that it was a
mistake, that Stephanie had developed into one fucking good-looking woman...a
really good-looking babe who knew how to handle herself.  Those legs...Those
gorgeous long legs...they were enough to make Debbie get all wet inside.  And
she loved the way her body responded when it soaked up, inside her pussy. It was
just the greatest feeling in the world! Now, with her legs on her tiptoes, she
waited, and wondered what was going to happen next. 

She didn't have to wait very long. Now, Stephanie was up close to her.  "Slut,"
she said, as

she let her fingers lightly caress Debbie's face, "I'm going to punish you..."

Debbie swallowed. She had no idea what Stephanie was go to do to her, but she
was afraid.

"Do you know what that means?"

She stroked Debbie's face with her fingers, looking deep into her eyes.

Now, she lowered her fingers, and let them trail along Debbie's body.

"What...what are you..."

Debbie didn't answer.

Instead, she opened her eyes wide and let them sparkle with sheer lust. She had
nothing to hide now.

How much more...How much more was she going to have to take?

She didn't know...She didn't know anything...She didn't know anything except
that those hands...those hands that had been stroking her face...those hands
that had been stroking her face were now on her bare midriff, and traveling
up...  Oh God! Up to her breasts!

This was really turning Debbie on.  She had to admit that with her hands over
her

head like this her breasts felt terrific.  "Relax," Stephanie said. "This is
going to be so good...you'll see...so good..."

Now, she began, slowly, to massage Debbie's gorgeous breasts.  Debbie always
knew

that her tits were one of her best features, and now they were being worked so
hard...so smooth and hard...  She loved it...Really loved it...And thought she
was going to come, right there.

Stephanie kept her face right up close, all the while...up close while she
massaged Debbie's titties, making sure the nipples were between her two fingers,
so that when she squeezed, she could feel it deep inside...  God, that was
good... So good...

"Ohhhh..." Debbie couldn't help it.  She had to sigh out loud when she felt
those hands doing her like this. When she felt them stroking her.  And squeezing
her nipples.

It was driving her just out of her mind.  And she was loving it. Really loving
it!  But something inside her told her that she really shouldn't be enjoying
this, it was wrong.

"Yes, baby slut... yes.. .so good. ..I know.. .so good...", Stephanie purred.

"You're... driving me crazy... crazy...Mistress Stephanie"  She was turning her
head slowly from side to side, and loving the way her temperature was slowly
being turned up.  It was enough to really make her crazy... And when she could,
she'd open her eyes and look at her mistress, the woman who'd strung her up. 
..and somehow she knew that this was only the beginning.. .only the beginning of
what was going to be a very pleasant and delicious experience!

Stephanie flicked her eyes up and looked at her aunt, with a hot smirk on her
face, and then back down at those obedient tits, now sticking up straight and
rigid in front of her.

"Delicious...just delicious...! have to...I just have to..." And with that, she
lowered her mouth and began to suck....Slowly..On first one and then the
other...Sucking on them until she knew that they were responding, and just the
way she wanted.  With a firmness and a hardness that was driving her crazy...

Now, Debbie couldn't help it, as she arched her back, actually thrusting her
tits up at Stephanie.  Stephanie seemed to sense Debbie's growing enthusiasm. 
She slipped a hand beneath the girl and up her naked and glistening back, and
pushed those tits up to her. "Mmmmmm..." She started humming as she sucked on
them.  Those luscious little cherry pits!

"Oohhh...you're...what are you doing to me...what..." Stephanie finally took her
mouth

off those luscious tits, but only after she was satisfied that they were going
to stay as hard and as stiff as they were...For what she had in mind.

Now, she reached for the little black bag she'd brought in with her, affording
Debbie a chance to catch a slight breather. Which she needed.

She was practically heaving from it now...heaving and twisting from the way she
was being worked...It was so incredible...just too incredible for words...How
could it have ever been this good, she had to know...if this is her punishment
she will gladly submit to he new mistress.

What was happening to her?  Now, she watched, in part horror and part
fascination, as Stephanie produced  the nipple clamps from earlier.  She smiled
and held them up so that Debbie could see them.  She didn't want to think about
what was going to happen to her.

She didn't want to think about it, but there was no way to avoid it.

Her tits were going to be clamped again! She knew it.

"Please...don't...please..." Stephanie loved giving out punishment. She knew
just what she had to do. Just how to work her victim. They always begged with
fright when they first

saw the clamps. Always.  And this was no different. This was no different,
really. She knew it.

She was turned on by the begging, really. Turned on by it, and knew that she
really loved domination so much!  She loved the feel of the leather on her
thighs, and the way her body looked in this outfit. And she came for more than
just show. Debbie was a special victim...innocent and desirable, and willing
somehow...willing to go along with things...understanding how good it was all
going to be...really...And now, Stephanie, without saying a word, went to work
on Debbie's tits.  Seriously.

She held up the clamp in one hand and squeezed it, so that it opened, while at
the same time she took Debbie's nipple in her two fingers and held that too...So
that she could squeeze it and press it even further forward. So good... That was
so good...

Now, as she held it she looked up once at Debbie's face.  "Are you ready, slut?"

"Don't.. .please.. .don't...Mistress Stephanie," Debbie pleaded.

Unheeding Debbie's pleas, even though she loved them, she brought the thing down
right on Debbie's nipple!

"AAAAIIII..," Debbie let out a bloodcurdling scream...that rocked through the
entire house...She didn't care...She didn't care if the whole world heard.  It
just hurt so much...

It just hurt her so much...She wasn't sure she could take much more...She.really
wasn't very sure...But all she knew, she was going crazy with it.

It hurt, and it was in pain, and at the same time the pain was unlike anything
else she'd ever felt.  Stephanie studied Debbie's face as it went through the
whole series of contortions right in front of her.  And she loved the way Debbie
was responding.  Loved it.

And knew that now she was really going to merciless with her aunt...  She took
the other clamp and did the same thing to her other nipple, making sure that it
really felt so good and so bad at the same time, "NO...NO MORE...PLEASE...I'LL
DO ANYTHING...NO...NOT	MY TITTIES...AGAIN...PLEASE...MISTRESS STEPHANIE"

But there was nothing more she could do...nothing at all...  She had to continue
to feel it...to continue to feel it deep inside of her...And it was driving her
crazy.

God, what was... She had to stop herself suddenly. For now, even as the pain
stayed with her, even as the pain continued to grow in her chest, to the point
where she was sure it was unbearable, she felt Stephanie's hands on her
legs...her thighs...her hips... It was impossible to stop... It was just
impossible, and Debbie was so thoroughly confused... This was another
woman...What was she doing to her?



Now, she bent down and began to apply a shackle to the naked leg of Debbie.  She
put the shackle around it and at the same time pulled it apart, attaching the
other end to the ground.

"Yes," she said softly, and Debbie knew what that meant.  She was going to have
both of her legs done. That much was obvious.  Now, as she had the other one
done, she could feel it as it was pulled apart...Feel it and knew that she was
meant to stand that way.

With her legs spread. Giving Stephanie all the entree she needed to get between
her legs.

Which she did.  Easily.

She began by putting her hand around Debbie's waist and holding her like that,
while with her other hand she let it come to rest on Debbie's cunt.

"You're so hot," she said softly.

"Yes...Mistress Stephanie"

"I'm going to work you...I'm going to work you so good...you'll see...you'll
see..."

"Ohhh..."

"Let me take your pussy in my fingers...come on...let me feel it...let me..."
Debbie gasped with shock!

Stephanie was now running one finger all along her pussy!

This was too unbelievable for her...she really couldn't handle this!  And
now...Now she was being stroked, in the most delightful way... And she was
loving this too... Stephanie was so good...Holding her from behind like that and
making sure she couldn't move...making

sure she was going to feel so good... So hot and so good... And then, when she
thought Debbie was ready, she took two fingers and slid them slowly but firmly
right up her pussy! "JESUS..." Now, Debbie was twisting and turning, trying with
everything she had to get away from those maddening fingers.

God, it was driving her crazy. Her pussy was actually being taken by Stephanie.
Stephanie

smiled and held her fingers jammed up there, tight...while she watched the
reactions fly through Debbie's face.

"You love it, don't you..." "Ooohhh..." "Come on, tell me slut" As if to
emphasize how good it was supposed to feel, Stephanie moved her fingers around,
wiggling them, making sure that Debbie got the full effect.

Stephanie's eyes were half-closed now in pleasure. She loved pussy!  And loved
to feel it...It was one of the great forbidden pleasures...To stroke another
woman's private charms.

And she loved the way it made women respond.

"I'm going to keep my fingers in you...until you come," Stephanie said, softly,
and she was true to her words.  She was moving her fingers all the way in and
then all the way out, making sure that Debbie could get the full effect of what
she was doing to her.

"You like it, don't you...you like it...you better tell me," Stephanie hissed.

"Yes...ohhh...yes Mistress Stephanie," Debbie reluctantly admitted.

Debbie couldn't hold off any longer.  It was true. She liked it.  More than she
probably should. More than she could handle. Now, even though her legs were tied
apart, and her hands were tied over her head, she couldn't help but respond with
that part of her body that still could...She couldn't help but start to move her
hips against that set of fingers...

"That's right," Stephanie said. "Fuck my fingers...go on...fuck them." Debbie
did it, just as she was told. She continued to move her hips back and forth,
throwing all pretense and shame to the winds. She was going to surrender. She
was giving herself up, willingly, to the expert ministrations of her niece! And
there was really nothing she could do about it-Nothing!

The feelings were too intense. Just too intense for her.  Now, as she felt
herself starting to go...as she felt herself starting to let go, she opened her
mouth...as if she were going to scream... She opened her mouth but no sound came
out. Because she was beyond that. She was moving her hips faster and faster, and
now, she was... Oh, God-she was...she was going to come! Sweet mother of
mercy...she was going to come!!

It was like no other feeling in the world! There was absolutely nothing that
could compare, nothing that could be any sexier than this. To be had by another
woman. To be taken and tied up and stripped and clipped and spread and fingered
to orgasm.

All of this was too much for her. Way too much for her to take. She was
humiliated, shamed and embarrassed, at the same time that she loved having her
privates exposed and worked on so brutally. It was really an incredible thing. 
And the more she thought about it, the hotter it made her.

If only Brett had one tenth of Stephanie's expertise, well, her life, she knew,
would be a lot different. But he didn't, and there was no use trying to
fantasize about what wasn't meant to be.

Now that she was hanging like this, with her tits still hurting from the clamps,
she looked at Stephanie...At beautiful, lusty Stephanie, with that wide smile on
her face, and knew that it was going to be a long afternoon.

"Did you like that, slut?" Stephanie teased.

"God...it was so...wonderful...Mistress Stephanie"

Stephanie smiled and nodded.  "I knew you would. There wouldn't be any way you
wouldn't be able to take that...I know."  And now, she was putting her hands on
Debbie's breasts. "They're lovely, you know...so lovely..."

"Oohh..."

"And I want to do so many things to you...but you know that, don't you...you
know there are so many things I'm going to do..." "I...oohhh..."

And now, she watched, helpless, her hands still well above her head, as
Stephanie continued to stroke and play with her body...  Drifting slowly but
ever so carefully toward her pussy...toward her hot, throbbing, juicy and
dripping lust hole.

It was just what Stephanie wanted. Just what she was looking for.  She wanted to
get her fingers into that honeypot again and take up where she'd left off.

"Yes...so nice...so hot and nice...I love it...love it..." Stephanie had that
look in her eyes again, that on-fire look that threw fear and desire into
Debbie's body...She wanted the woman to...do things to her...to do all kinds of
things to her...But she wasn't sure she was going to be able to take it...  And
that was part of the fun! The wonderful fun of danger. The kind of fun that had
been missing from her very safe marriage.  Obviously, things were going to be
very different from now on. That much was obvious.

Now, she watched, looking down, as her pussy was being opened up. Really opened
up.

Spread apart by the wonderful, expert fingers of her niece working on her. She
was going out of her mind with it.

"Ohhh...yes...yes...ohhh..." She was loving it... Loving the way she was being
worked.  And knowing she wasn't going to be able to take much more.  Not much
more...really...

If only...Ohhhh...she could hardly think anymore...What was Stephanie doing to
her?

Stephanie was opening her pussy, using a little-known technique that was very
much a

part of female domination...when a woman queens another woman.

Debbie thought she was in for another bout of finger-fucking but she was wrong! 
This was going to be a little different than she thought.  Now, for example,
Debbie could feel herself being kept spread open with the fingers of one of
Stephanie's hands, while with the other she was reaching into her bag for...more
clamps!

She couldn't believe it! More of those maddening devices... More of those clamps
that were going around and being spread open.  She watched, with her mouth and
pussy both wide open, as the first one was put on her right cunt lip!

"OOHHH...THAT...THAT HURTS..." Stephanie just smiled and relaxed into it.  Of
course

it hurt! That was the whole purpose... Now, once she was sure that Debbie was
ready, she took another clamp and did the same thing to her other pussy lip!

"JESUS...OHH...THAT'S HURTS. .GOD...OOHHH..." Debbie couldn't believe it. She
had no idea those clamps could make her hurt this much.

So much that her clitty was sticking right up and out...and driving her
crazy...And that's when she realized that Stephanie had one more clamp in store
for her.

"NO..." she screamed!

"NOT THERE...NOT THERE...PLEASE...NOT THERE...I'LL DIE...PLEASE..."  With a
snickering grin, Stephanie took the last clamp and put it right on Debbie's
pouting clitoris, and that caused such pain and agony to course through Debbie
that she literally screamed at an ear-piercing pitch, until she thought she was
just going to die!

"AAAIIIIEEEEE....OOOOOOOH-HHHH....."

Stephanie watched the gorgeous show unfolding. She simply loved the way her slut
was twirling around in her bonds.  It was making her crazy with heat...and she
loved that...just loved it.  And then, when she didn't think she could take much
more, any more, she watched as Stephanie stood back, with her fists on her hips,
watching, observing the situation.

"Yes," Stephanie drawled, obviously quite satisfied with the state of agitation
she'd put Debbie into.

"Please...oohhh...please, take them off, take them off...I can't stand
it...please," Debbie begged.

She loved the way Debbie's thighs twitched in pain, and how the color came and
went on her face.

Now, as she watched her helpless victim, she knew that it was time.  Time for
the next delicious step.  She slowly, carefully, reached for her whip!

"NO...NOT THAT...PLEASE...NOT THAT...I WILL DO WHATEVER YOU WANT" Debbie was
truly frightened at the thought that she was going to be whipped!

At the same time that it really turned her on, especially at the hands of
someone as luscious as Stephanie.  But wait, she thought to herself. What am I
thinking? What's the matter with me?  Whipping hurts.  And this woman will
definitely hurt me...very much...very deeply...!  don't think...I don't think I
can take that...no...please...I can't...! can't take that.

But it was, of course, not use...she'd have to take it, and already she was
trying to think of reasons to tell her husband about the marks that were going
to surely do up her entire, smooth tanned skin.

Now, though, all her attention was on Stephanie, who was holding the short black
whip

in her hand.

"I'm going to use this on you," Stephanie said, as she came up close to Debbie
and snaked

one hand around her neck.

"And you're going to hate it...hate how I work you over...you'll never disobey
me or Mistress Amber again, you'll see."

And now, she was starting to crack it in her palm, letting the loud noise sink
in.

Debbie seemed near the point of tears. She couldn't quite understand why she had
to be punished like this.  Weren't those clamps enough?  Why did she have to
feel it now with the whip? God, if only those clamps could be taken off...she'd
almost trade the clips for

the whip...they hurt so much...especially on her clitty...Ah, but she was in no
position to bargain.  She had to take all that she could...all that her niece
was going to give her.  This was agony.

Stephanie let her hands roam freely over the sweat covered body of  Debbie,
whose

bare ass looked divine as Stephanie envisioned what was to come.

"So lovely," Stephanie murmured, as she took the whip and let it drag against
Debbie's taut skin.

"Please.. .dont.. .don't.. .please...Mistress Stephanie"

But the begging was only making it better for Stephanie!  It was the part of
punishment that she really loved, when her victims begged.  Almost as good as
when a man did it!

God, how she loved to make men beg.  She would make Brett beg, but that might
take some time, but make no mistake, he would beg too.

Now, though, she had Debbie, and Debbie was going to really have to take it! 
All of it!

"Take a deep breath, slut, it will make it easier..."

Debbie gasped for air.  She would do anything.

And then, without any further warning, she felt the thing coming down.

CRACK!

"OOOOOHHHH..."

Even in her wildest dreams and fears, Debbie never thought it would feel like
that!  It was as if fifty snakes had all combined to take a bite out of her ass! 
It was the worst pain she'd ever felt!  And as it came down, she automatically
thrust her hips forward...She didn't think she could take much more of this!

But for Stephanie, it was only the beginning.  Only the beginning of a lovely
afternoon session of whipping...God, how she loved to whip women!  How she loved
to make them scream and yelp...And to see those lovely tears come down their
faces.  As they always did.

There wasn't a single time when a woman was able to take such severe punishment
without tears.

CRACK!

WHACK!

WHHHIPPPP!

WHHHIPPP!

"NO...NO MORE...NO MORE..." Debbie had her eyes tightly closed, unable to
believe all that was being done to her.  It was just impossible...unbelievable.

Now Stephanie was working her in a criss-cross pattern, making sure that she was
really feeling it across her hot buns.  Really feeling it as she continued to
get it hot on her ass...

She started to lower and raise the whip, so that it continued to smack on all
parts of her thighs...hitting and smacking and making her crazy...Yes...Just
like this...All up and down the backs of her thighs.

WHIP...

CRACK...

WHIPPPPP...

SMAAACCKK... CRRRAAACKK.

Stephanie was on fire now, really slugging it to the poor girl, whose body
involuntarily reacted to every last movement.  This was just impossible.

How much more of this...God, how much more.

Now, Debbie's head was hanging down in front of her, her hair streaked with
sweat.  She was losing it.  There was no question she was losing it...and now,
it was starting to really

work on her.

She didn't think she was going to be able to take still one more shot...

CRACK!

WWWHHIPPP!

"NOOOOO....."

And then finally, inevitably, the sobs...The cries and the tears...The tears of
surrender.

She was now Stephanie's to do with as she pleased.

She was hanging limply now, with her body all done up with clamps and ropes, and
her backside and back thighs severely whipped.  Stephanie had done a thorough
job on her.

Now, as she surveyed poor Debbie, she got a chill down her back.  The girl was,
of course, in tears, and it was all due to her!

And now, as she dropped the whip and came up to Debbie from behind to caress
her, she let her hands ride up to take possession once more of her lovely tits.

"Ohhhh..."

Debbie was still sobbing, but loved the feel of those fingers on her tits.  It
was somehow so...soothing.

"Thank me," Stephanie said, softly, from behind, as she kissed Debbie's neck
with her lips.

"Ohhh...thank you...thank you...Mistress Stephanie."

"For what?"

"For disciplining me...I was a bad girl..."

"Who are you?" Stephanie questioned her sobbing aunt.

Debbie answered between sobs, "I am Mistress Stephanie's and Mistress Amber's
slut."

"Very good, now I want you to remember this because the next time you fail me I
won't go so easy on you," Stephanie warned as she lowered Debbie and released
the manacles from around her wrist and ankles. Debbie was then led toward a
table in the center of the garage. Debbie wondered to herself when the girls had
had time to trick up the garage.

"Good, now stand, bend over and place your hands flat on the floor," Stephanie
ordered.

Debbie could not believe her humiliation as she assumed the position as she was
told. She felt Stephanie's hands pulling her asscheeks apart and a large
vibrator at the entrance of her ass. With little concern for her, Stephanie
shoved the vibrator into Debbie's asshole. Debbie shut her eyes tight and tried
not to make a sound.

"You may scream," Stephanie said as she shoved the vibrator all the way inside
Debbie's ass till just the tip stuck out.

Debbie did not scream, but she did groan with the pain in her ass as her rectum
was stretched wide. Next, Stephanie pushed the other vibrator into Debbie's
cunt.

"Slut you are so wet that this one easily slides in," Stephanie teased.

With two huge vibrators in her ass and cunt Debbie never felt so full. Her
nipples ached and her clit was hard and long from all the stimulation. When
Stephanie turned the two vibrators to high, Debbie jumped.

"You are not to have an orgasm," Stephanie ordered, "if you do, I will have to
whip that cute little ass of yours again. Now stand up."

Debbie wondered back again to how she had gotten in this predicament, but she
didn't have much time as she heard Stephanie barking at her.

"I said stand, slut," Stephanie commanded.

Debbie did not hesitate and immediately stood still trying to clear her head,
which was hard to do with that damn vibrator in her ass.  Debbie glanced down
and saw a leash in

Stephanie's hand. Stephanie reached around Debbie's neck and secured a slave
collar around her neck.  Then she snapped the leash to Debbie's collar.

"Come on, slut, I am not going to have you show yourself in public tonight
unshaven," Stephanie growled.

That's right, Debbie thought to herself, I almost forgot about having to go to
the strip club tonight.  She wondered if she could really make herself go
through with it, especially after the whipping she just endured.  But then
again, she would now do anything to avoid another whipping.

Debbie was led back to the table in the center of the garage. When Debbie saw
the table she immediately lay down upon it and placed her feet were Stephanie
ordered. Stephanie roughly spread Debbie's legs. Suddenly Debbie felt the
vibrations in her ass and cunt and realized Stephanie must have turned the
vibrators to high.

Debbie groaned as the intensity of the vibrators spread through her body. With
her legs spread in such a fashion and the oversized vibrator stuffed into her
cunt, Debbie's clit stood out prominently between her labia. To further torment
Debbie, Stephanie bent down between Debbie's spread legs and touched her tongue
to Debbie's clit.

Debbie bit her lower lip fighting not to cum as Stephanie's tongue worked up,
down, and around Debbie's clit. Debbie's cunt walls contracted down on the
vibrator, as Stephanie did not give Debbie any relief.

About every thirty seconds, Stephanie would reach up and pinch one of Debbie's
nipples for a few seconds then release it. Stephanie would admonish Debbie not
to cum or she would be punished.

Tears streamed down Debbie's face as she fought the overwhelming sexual frenzy
coursing through her body. Debbie was on the verge of a massive orgasm as she
felt

her hips moving upward to force Mistress Stephanie to apply more pressure with
her tongue to her clit.

As Stephanie pulled at Debbie's nipples, they doubled in size. Debbie knew that
her niece enjoyed punishing her and she was doing everything possible to make
Debbie cum. Debbie sighed deeply and tried to stop her hip movement. Suddenly,
Debbie felt Stephanie's lips encircle her clit. Debbie's mouth opened slightly
as her respiration's increased dramatically. Stephanie gently sucked on Debbie's
clit and it was more than Debbie could possibly stand.

"Please don't," Debbie begged in a whisper.

"Ask properly," Stephanie rose up from Debbie's cunt and said.

Debbie was now seeing what was wanted and responded, "Mistress Stephanie, please
don't, I will cum," Debbie moaned.

"What are you?" Mistress Stephanie asked.

"I am a slut," Debbie groaned in response, "please, please, I am going to cum,
please Mistress stop."

"Whose slut are you?" she asked.

"Mistress Stephanie's and Mistress Amber's slut," Debbie responded rapidly her
breathing

now coming in gasps as Stephanie pulled harder on Debbie's clit.

"What of yours belongs to me?" Stephanie said methodically.

Debbie was hyperventilating now. Her clit was massively engorged and so
sensitive from the sucking that Debbie was bucking her hips on the table.

"Mistress, please, my ass, my pussy, my tits, my mouth, and my pleasure, are all
yours," Debbie screamed.

All of a sudden Stephanie stopped licking Debbie's engorged clit. She rose up
and stood at Debbie's side. Debbie's body was covered in sweat and she fought to
suppress the sexual frenzy she was experiencing. The vibrators continued to hum
and Debbie was losing the battle.

"I think my slut will be more receptive to licking my pussy than the last time
we visited," Stephanie said aloud, "I am so hot and I need some release."

Stephanie nodded and turned off both vibrators.  "Thank you, Mist...." Stephanie
planting her wet cunt onto Debbie's mouth cut off Debbie's words as she pulled
the vibrators from Debbie's holes.

"Now, I need to cum," Stephanie ordered and wrapped her fingers into Debbie's
hair and pulled her face harder into her cunt.

Debbie's sexual experiences with women were extremely limited and she was unsure
of what to do so she mimicked her Mistress's tongue work. Debbie easily found
her clit and drew it into her mouth and sucked gently. Debbie swelled with pride
as Mistress Stephanie commented on Debbie's excellent technique.

Debbie continued to bathe Mistress Stephanie's clit with her tongue,
occasionally sucking hard and gently nibbling her clit. Within moments Debbie
felt a spray of liquid wash

over her face. Stephanie ground her cunt into Debbie's face as her orgasm came
upon her suddenly and without warning. Debbie lapped at Stephanie's clit until
her tormentor pulled Debbie's head away.

"What a great little cunt-eating slut," Mistress Stephanie praised Debbie.

"We only have an hour before Brett and the kids get home, we need to get you
ready for your big performance tonight," Mistress Stephanie reminded Debbie.

To be continued in Chapter 4 - Debbie's Big Night.  The next chapter will
involve harder sex as Debbie's nieces progress her debasement and humiliation. 
If you have any story line ideas for future chapters, please e-mail me at
wifefantasy@hotmail.com.




Housewife's Awakening

(MF, F+/F, wife, 1st-lesbian, reluctant)

If you enjoy this story please e-mail me at wifefantasy@hotmail.com to let me
know.  If you have an idea for how this story should continue, please let me
know and I will work it into one of the upcoming chapters.

Author's note:  Thank you to all who have taken the time to e-mail with
comments, ideas, criticism, and encouragement, please keep them coming.



Chapter Four - Debbie's Big Night



Amber pulled up in front of Platinum Blondes ready to put the final nail in her
aunt's coffin.  She entered the club and was immediately revolted by the utter
lack of class and the lower level deviants that frequented the club.  "Were is
the manager, I need to speak to him about one of his employees?" Amber asked a
cocktail waitress.  "He isn't here today so you will have to speak to his son
Carlos," she said as she motioned to the back office.

Amber smiled to herself as she thought about the look on her uppity little
aunt's face when she saw the video that she was making of her little escapades. 
After she convinces Carlos to video Debbie's performance tonight she would be
completely owned and then the real fun could begin Amber thought to herself as
an evil smirk crossed her face.

Carlos filled in for his Dad every now and then.  The pay wasn't that great, but
the perks more than made up for it.  When Carlos worked he brought his best
friend Johnny along with him to provide muscle.  Johnny was a huge guy who
dropped out of high school a couple of years back. Amber found them both in the
back office drinking a beer.

Amber explained that she needed them to video Debbie tonight as she performed. 
She also wanted them to video her as she worked the room.  Carlos was all for
it, but wanted to be paid.  Johnny wasn't sure.  What if Carlos' dad caught
them, or what if this slut saw them and freaked out.  Carlos reminded Johnny
that this wouldn't be the first time they filmed a performance at the club. 
"Remember, the lights shine so brightly on the stage that you can't hardly see
anything out in the audience," Carlos added.  Amber could tell that Johnny would
need a little persuasion so she rubbed her small tits against Johnny's chest as
she whispered into his ear.

"I'll suck you off here and now if you'll do this little favor for me," Amber
offered.

Johnny laughed and agreed and pushed Amber onto her knees.  Carlos leaned
against the desk, lit a cigarette and watched.

"Self-service, bitch," Johnny ordered.  Amber flushed red with anger; no one
talked to her that way, but wanted to teach her aunt a lesson so she ignored
him.  Besides, she didn't want to deal with Stephanie if she failed her mission.

Amber unzipped Johnny's jeans and worked her hand inside until she found his
already hard cock.  Amber gasped as she wrapped her hand around it.  Johnny's
cock was at least three inches around.  As she pulled the thick tool from
Johnny's pants she stared down at almost twelve inches of hard cock.  Amber was
experienced at blow-jobs, but she had never been with anyone with a cock that
size.  She swallowed hard and wrapped her lips around the head of Johnny's cock.

"Ummm, that's great, a little tongue, then take it down your throat," Johnny
moaned.

Amber did not believe she could take a cock this huge in her throat.  Using her
tongue to wet the long shaft, she worked about four inches into her mouth before
she felt the urge to gag.  Johnny reached down and grabbed a handful of Amber's
shoulder length blonde hair and shoved her head down on his cock.  Amber tried
to struggle free, but quickly Carlos was behind her helping Johnny hold her. 
This is not what Amber had in mind and tried to protest as she fought Johnny's
cock.

"All right, bitch, take it all," Johnny laughed and shoved his hips forward.

Amber swallowed and gasped trying not to throw-up as the giant cock slid down
her throat.  With Carlos and Johnny holding her tightly, Amber had no choice. 
She concentrated on relaxing her throat.  Amber was experienced at
deep-throating, she had just never done one this large.  Slowly, Amber's throat
relaxed and Johnny started a slow fucking of her face.

"I want this cunt," Carlos spat and started pushing Amber's very short shorts
down her hips.

Amber shook her head in protest, but her words were just muffled behind Johnny's
cock.  Amber felt the cool air of the restaurant on her ass as Carlos pushed her
shorts down her hips and long legs.  Johnny held Amber's head tightly and
stepped backwards forcing her onto her knees.  Amber heard the zipper on
Carlos's pants and his hand on the thin strip of cloth that protected her cunt. 
Carlos pulled the thong to one side.

"This bitch's cunt is shaved, I luv 'em that way," Carlos told Johnny.

Amber tried to concentrate on the cock in her throat as she felt the other dick
spreading her cunt lips.  With one thrust, Carlos shoved his cock deep into
Amber's cunt.  Amber grunted around the dick in her throat as her piercing blue
eyes nearly popped out of their sockets.  Johnny and Carlos got into a rhythm
bouncing Amber between them.  Amber was now actually starting to enjoy being
used as Johnny quickened his pace.  Amber sucked harder on Johnny's cock and
swirled her tongue across the end every time Johnny pulled out of her throat. 
Suddenly Johnny stiffened and pushed his cock down Amber's throat.  Amber could
feel the globs of sperm running into her stomach as Johnny shot his load.  He
held Amber's head in place until his cock went limp, then pulled out.

"Thanks, you're a great face fuck," Johnny commented.

"You bastards," Amber spat as Carlos thrust quickly in and out of her cunt, "I
never said I would do this."

"You'll do whatever we want bitch," Carlos laughed and pounded Amber harder.

As an orgasm started to wash over Amber, Carlos pulled out and laid his cock
between Amber's asscheeks.  Amber felt the spurts of sperm land in the crack of
her ass even through her own orgasm. 

Carlos and Johnny each lit a cigarette and told Amber they would be happy to
help her with her plan.  Amber cursed under her breath as she started for the
restroom to clean up.

"You bastards, you're damn right you'll help me," Amber said as she past.  "You
had better make sure to get her face in every shot."

Carlos and Johnny laughed and watched Amber's ass as she walked away.  Johnny
felt his cock getting hard again.  "We will don't you worry your pretty little
head," Carlos shouted as Amber left the club.

***********************************************************************

"Don't worry about anything here tonight," Stephanie comforted Debbie. "We will
make dinner and take care of Brett and the kids.  All you need to worry about is
making as much money tonight as possible.  Remember, you can win the little bet
we have just by earning a measly thousand dollars," Stephanie laughed out loud
knowing that it would take Debbie weeks to earn that much and by then it would
be too late.

"Now get upstairs and clean that filthy slutty little body of yours.  I won't
have any slut of mine embarrassing me tonight.  Your outfit for tonight is on
your bed.  Don't even think about making any changes if you value that sweet ass
of yours."

Debbie hung her head and went back to the bedroom to start getting ready for her
big night.  A nice hot bath was just what she needed to unwind and take her mind
off this nightmare in which she couldn't seem to escape.

Debbie stepped into the hot water of the tub and settled in. She started soaping
herself and ran the soap over her breasts with her hands. Debbie felt her
nipples hardened and thought about the slutty outfit she was told to wear.
Without thinking, Debbie started massaging her nipples sending little jolts
through her breasts.

Although she did not want to, Debbie could not stop her hand from sliding down
to her vagina searching out her clit. Debbie started to rub her clit slowly and
lightly, enjoying the sensations. Her cunt ached to be filled so Debbie inserted
first two fingers, then three and used her thumb to rub her clit.

She started finger fucking herself and rubbing her clit at the same time. She
arched her back as the twinges of an orgasm washed over her body. Debbie started
to cry not understanding why she felt these urges to masturbate. She had never
felt the need in the past, but all of a sudden it seemed that the center of the
universe was located between her thighs.

Just as her orgasm was starting to overtake her, the bathroom door came flying
open.  "What do you think you are doing you stupid fucking slut?  You were told
that the only way you could have an orgasm was with our permission.  Do you have
permission you stupid little bitch?"  Mistress Amber berated Debbie as she
pulled her from the tub by her long hair.

The look of absolute fiery in Mistress Amber's piercing blue eyes scared Debbie
to death.  How had she known what I was doing?  Then she remembered the hidden
cameras.

"I am so sorry Mistress Amber!  I don't know what got into me.  Please forgive
your slut."

Amber noted to herself that her sister must have really worked her over while
she was gone.  Her aunt seemed much more docile and appeared to have her spirit
broken.

"Lean over the tub, and put your hands flat on the bottom," Mistress Amber
ordered.

Reluctantly Debbie leaned over and placed her hands flat on the bottom of the
tub. Her ass was sticking invitingly up in the air.  Debbie watched Mistress
Amber with apprehension as she walked behind her exposed ass. Debbie's mouth
dropped open as she felt the sting on her buttocks. Amber swung her hand and
slapped Debbie's ass so quickly that she landed three blows before Debbie knew
what had happened.

"Please don't hurt me Mistress Amber," Debbie begged rubbing her buttocks with
her hands.

"I will do whatever I want, bitch," she continued, "now bend over!"

Debbie was stunned as she allowed Mistress Amber to push her back over, hands in
the tub. Debbie braced herself as Amber delivered ten more blows to her ass. By
the time Amber stopped tears were formed in Debbie's eyes and her ass burned.
Debbie  remained still as Amber finally backed away.

"Now stand up bitch. Let me check you out." Mistress Amber ordered.

With tears dropping from her eyes, Debbie stood in front of her niece completely
naked.

"Spread your legs," Amber snapped, "wider!"

Debbie spread her legs apart. She almost stuck her hands down to cover her
shaved privates as Amber approached inches from Debbie. Debbie gasped as Amber's
hand went down between her legs and squeezed her cunt lips.



Almost simultaneously Mistress Amber inserted her middle finger into Debbie's
cunt.

Debbie thought to herself that she shouldn't allow her niece to touch her there. 
"Please don't touch my vagina," she managed to whisper.  This was so wrong she
kept repeating over and over in her head.  She could not believe as a
mid-thirties woman she was being so humiliated by this teenager.

"Shut up, bitch," Amber responded, "and you'll call it what it is or I'll make
you bend over again. Now, what is it?"

Debbie stammered and tried to respond but was not quick enough to please her
young niece. After twenty smacks across her ass, Debbie was standing again with
her legs spread. Mistress Amber ordered Debbie to beg to be checked out.
Debbie's face was now streaked with tears and her ass felt as if it was on fire.

"Please, Mistress Amber, put your finger in my cunt," Debbie whispered her head
hanging down.

Happy with the older woman's progress, Amber pushed two fingers into Debbie's
cunt. She was surprised to find Debbie's cunt still soaked with juices. Amber
smiled, removed her fingers and then forced Debbie to clean them with her mouth.
Satisfied she was in control, Amber smiled to herself and told her aunt to get
dressed.

"Don't worry about Brett.  Stephanie is cooking dinner and we told him that you
had to run to a PTA meeting tonight so we will be taking care of him tonight,"
Amber giggled and winked at Debbie as she left her to finish getting ready.

The wink worried Debbie a little.  What if they are able to seduce Brett?  What
if he fails me?  I don't think I can take much more of this.  I have to figure a
way out.  No time now though, I better get ready.  I don't want to do anything
else to upset the girls.  I don't think my poor bottom can take anymore abuse.

Debbie leaned over the sink and wiped her tears away and then tried to figure
out how she was going to get out of the house dressed as ordered. She finally
found a long coat in her closet that would cover up her outfit.  For a change
she was banking on Brett's attention being on the girls.

Next she went into the bedroom to dress. Debbie took a deep breath as she pulled
on the red g-string thong first. Then she wrapped the miracle bra, a size to
small, around her breasts. Debbie was appalled at the way the bra caused her 36D
breasts to create such a large cleavage. She could easily stand a pen inside the
space between her breasts where they were pushed together. She looked in the
mirror and turned to see how she looked from behind. The g-string disappeared
between her firm asscheeks and wedged between her cunt lips.

She then put on the matching red garter, then pulled on the tan nylons and
attached them to the garters. Debbie was ready to pull on her skirt. It was a
straight skirt, red with a slit up the side that showed a touch of her garter
and the top of her hose. The skirt was tight and only came down to just about
eight inches above her knee. She took the red, double-breasted jacket that went
with the skirt and buttoned it up. She hoped it would cover her obscene
cleavage.

Instead, the jacket showed a little of the top of her bra and Debbie thought her
breasts would fall out of the jacket if she were not careful. She looked in the
mirror again and satisfied that she was properly dressed as instructed she added
the high heels. They were stiletto heels, this time almost 4 inches with ankle
straps. Debbie also wrapped a black ribbon choker around her neck.

Completely dressed, Debbie put her hair up in a loose bun, just as Stephanie had
instructed, and applied the heavy make-up with thick eyeliner, dark eye shadow,
and bright red lipstick. She stood back from the mirror and felt moisture form
between her cunt lips. She looked like a slut, but, with all modesty, she
thought she looked incredibly sexy.

Debbie glanced at her watch, wrapped the long coat around her, and existed the
bedroom.  As she approached the kitchen she noticed that the kids were at the
table eating dinner and Brett was in the living room watching TV with the girls.

When Debbie came in the living room Brett asked when she thought she would be
home from the PTA meeting.  Debbie told him that she wasn't sure and not to wake
up.

"Don't worry, we will take good care of Brett and the kids while you are taking
care of business Debbie," Stephanie said with a smile that absolutely sickened
Debbie.

Debbie saw Amber and Stephanie sitting on the couch and knew by the way they
were dressed that the bet was in full swing.

Debbie could see that Stephanie now wore a skirt that was so short it barely
covered her ass. In addition her large tits were barely covered in the top of a
pink swimsuit.

Amber was dressed in similar short shorts except this pair was strategically
torn just at the crack in her ass. She wore a cotton halter that was white and
did little to hide her small firm breasts. Debbie could clearly see the quarter
size areola and Amber's eraser hard nipples through the thin cloth. Brett sat in
the chair apparently obliviously to the two nieces.

Debbie pretended to straighten up the kitchen as she watched Stephanie and Amber
try to seduce Brett. Stephanie even went as far as to turn the TV channel by
bending at the waist. Her long legs were displayed for all to see and her very
short skirt pulled up enough so that the bottom of her ass cheeks were visible.
Brett could clearly see the red thong pulled tightly separately Stephanie's
asscheeks. Amber played around with the dog, her halter falling open enough so
that Brett could easily see her nipples. Debbie smiled to herself as Brett
appeared not to notice any of these tactics.

Stephanie gave her a wink and then Debbie quickly left and drove to the strip
club. Once there, Debbie reported to the bartender who pointed her into a back
room where the girls waited to strip. Debbie was fourth in line.

************************************************************************

Brett could not believe how his two nieces paraded themselves in front of him.
He just knew they wanted to be fucked. With Debbie out of the house, all Brett
needed to do was make the first move. But he couldn't do it. After being married
for 15 years, he was not going to cheat on Debbie. Besides, these were his
wife's nieces.

Stephanie and Amber knew their plan was working as Stephanie sat down in front
of Brett with her long tanned legs spread wide.  From were Brett was sitting he
could see her red panties peaking out at him.

"Don't you want to play with me Brett?" Stephanie purred.

Brett could see the wet spot in the center of Stephanie's thong.  My god, these
hot young things really wanted to fuck him.

"Stephanie, what did you say?" Brett asked nervously.

"Don't you want to play cards with us tonight?" Stephanie purred again.

Amber added in her best little girl voice, "After all we promised to take care
of you tonight."

"I have to remember that I'm married," Brett said to himself as he left and went
into the kitchen to get a drink and gather himself.

***********************************************************************

It was Debbie's turn and she slowly walked onto the stage. She could hear men in
the audience whistling and making disgusting comments. However, the bright stage
lights made it impossible for her to see anyone. Debbie thought that was an
advantage as the music started to play.

Meanwhile Carlos and Johnny started their video cameras.  "Johnny, remember to
stay in the background so she won't notice you," Carlos warned.

Debbie began to move slowly, pushing her hair up over her head and shoving her
ass outwards toward the crowd. Her gyrations continued as the music let out a
thunderous beat.

She first removed her jacket and blouse then danced closer to the edge leaning
forward and shaking her tits in her bra. Debbie was getting into her role and
enjoying the lewd comments from the men. Next she pushed her skirt off as she
moved her hips in a circular motion. Debbie teased the men a little parading and
strutting in her g-string, bra, and heels stopping at the center edge of the
stage and turning around. Next she removed her bra and turned back to the
audience, hands covering her tits.

"Man this chick is fucking hot Carlos," Johnny said while adjusting his erection
in his pants.

"We will definitely have to get Amber to loan her to us in exchange for the
tapes," Carlos offered.

Back on stage Debbie she showed the men her tits, the applause was deafening and
Debbie's confidence soared as she let her 36D breasts hang down just out of
reach of the men in the front row. Debbie was so horny. She could feel the fluid
pooling in her cunt and was thankful her routine was over. The music ended and
Debbie gathered her clothes and exited piling them in a cubbyhole to begin
working the crowd.

After the show ended, Carlos and Johnny watched hidden in the shadows as Debbie
worked the crowd. She allowed these disgusting men to suck her tits for money
and even let one man finger her cunt while others yelled their approval.

On the way home this once proud housewife could not believe that she had aloud
this to happen to her and promised herself that she would stand up to the girls
tomorrow morning and put an end to this nightmare.

All they had on her was some pictures of her making love to them.  Brett would
be mad, but her brother would be even madder and would probably kick them out of
his house.  She didn't know why she hadn't thought of this angle before now.

***********************************************************************

All night long Stephanie and Amber continued to expose themselves to Brett. 
Despite their

best efforts Brett has resisted all advances and had conducted himself like a
gentleman.

Brett couldn't understand why these two beautiful young women were throwing
themselves at him like some common sluts.  He wanted to fuck them in the worse
way, but couldn't risk ruining his marriage to Debbie.  After all he thought to
himself, I am married to a great piece of ass who should be home any minute.

He then contemplated going into the bathroom and jerking off to get some much
needed release, but decided against it in favor of fucking his loving wife from
behind while remembering his nieces' lewd performance tonight.

***********************************************************************

Debbie was very quite as she entered the house.  She went to the guest bathroom
and stripped off her clothes.  She wondered to herself if there were any of the
girls hidden cameras in this room.  She smiled to herself as she remembered that
tomorrow this ordeal would finally be over.

She pulled on one of the guest robes and headed back to her bedroom for the
night.  Just as Debbie was about to enter her bedroom she heard someone whisper,
"Come here slut, now!"

Debbie turned to see Stephanie standing behind.  "We received a good report on
you from the club.  Good girl, now go to sleep and get some rest.  Mistress
Amber has plans for you tomorrow.  And remember that if you touch Brett's dick
with any part of your body it will be the last thing you do.  We will be
watching you tonight", Stephanie sternly warned as she walked up the stairs.

Debbie turned and nodded her head, "Yes Mistress Stephanie, your slut
understands."

She then entered the bedroom as quietly as possible trying not to wake Brett up. 
She slid into bed and held her breath hoping that Brett wouldn't wake up.

Just as she closed her eyes, Brett rolled over and kissed her on the back of the
neck.  This always elicited a response, but Debbie just pulled away and told
Brett that she wasn't in the mood.

"What's wrong?  This is the second night in a row that you have turned me away,"
Brett said as he thought about how badly he needed relief from the hard-on that
he has been sporting all night.

"I've had a really long day and I saw how you were looking at my nieces.  You
should feel ashamed of yourself," Debbie said as she tried to shift the focus
away from her and onto him.  She really was jealous of the lustful look in
Brett's eyes over the past two days.  It broke her heart to intentionally start
a fight with him, but she would make it up to him tomorrow.

"Me, how can you possibly be mad at me?  They have been prancing around here
nearly naked and you are mad at me.  I can't believe you.  I should have jacked
off earlier rather than saving myself in hopes of being with you!" Brett yelled
as he left their bedroom to sleep on the couch.

Debbie couldn't believe that this was happening, but told herself that it would
all be over in the morning.  She would reclaim her life and put her nieces back
in their place.

************************************************************************

Meanwhile, the girls were giggling as they watched Brett rush out of the bedroom
in a huff on the upstairs TV set which was tuned into the downstairs bedroom
camera.

"Did you get the tape from the club?" Stephanie inquired.

"Yes, but I had to promise those gorillas use of or slut on Friday night
otherwise they weren't going to give me the tapes," Amber answered.

"Our slut did good tonight.  Didn't she Amber," Stephanie asked her sister.

"Yes, everything is going according to plan.  We will have to really put her in
her place tomorrow," Amber added with a knowing smile plastered across her face. 
"I can't wait."

To be continued... If you have any story line ideas for future chapters, or
would like to comment on the story please e-mail me at wifefantasy@hotmail.com.




Housewife's Awakening

(MF, F+/F, wife, 1st-lesbian, reluctant)

If you enjoy this story please e-mail me at wifefantasy@hotmail.com to let me
know.  If you have an idea for how this story should continue, please let me
know and I will work it into one of the upcoming chapters.

Chapter Five - Adventures at the Mall

Debbie couldn't help smiling to herself as she cooked breakfast for the kids. 
This morning when her two nieces awoke and her family had made it's way out the
door, she would reclaim her independence.

She felt a deep sense of relief while also feeling ashamed of the things she had
done the past few days.  Just as her mind started to wander over the events of
last evening Brett came rushing into the kitchen.

"Hi sweetness, I have an early morning meeting so I have to run.  Let's plan on
getting together tonight.  I think we really need to talk," Brett hurriedly
inquired while grabbing his briefcase and heading for the door.

Debbie nearly shouted at him as he headed for the front door, "Yes darling,
please, let's plan on spending some time together tonight.  I really miss you."

"Me too, see you tonight," Brett added as he exited the front door.

Debbie felt a deep sense of relief that Brett was still trying to reach out to
her, despite her actions over the past few days.  But she couldn't help notice
that for the first time in years he had gone off to work without kissing her
goodbye.

After getting the kids dressed and off to school Debbie started her morning
ritual of cleaning the house.  Although she was going through the motions of
cleaning she was completely preoccupied with the speech she would give the girls
when they came downstairs.

************************************************************************

About mid morning Stephanie and Amber came bounding down the stairs.  Debbie's
heart rate increased dramatically as she prepared herself to face down her
nieces.

"Good morning slut!  How are you doing on this wonderful morning?  We have lots
planned for you today," Stephanie said in a gleeful tone.

"Not today, nor ever again.  I decided last night that you would not rule me any
longer.  I know that you have pictures of me with each of you.  But if you give
them to Brett, or any body else, I will give them to your dad and tell him about
all the despicable things you have forced me to do.  If you want to deal with
him and his temper then please, be my guest, but you will find your out in the
street.  Brett will be shocked, but he will forgive me.  After all, it's not
like you have pictures of me with another man."  Debbie said in the bravest tone
she could muster.

The girls looked at each other and started to laugh uncontrollably.  Debbie
watched them in shock and could not figure out for the life of her why they were
laughing.

"Dear, dear, auntie slut.  Do you really think that a stupid slut like you can
tell us how things are going to be?"  Stephanie mocked.

Slap! Slap! Amber slapped her hand across Debbie's face bringing a tear to her
eye.

"You stupid cunt, sit down now.  You need to watch the video that I have made
for your loving husband, the kid's teachers, your neighbors, and your church to
watch before you say another stupid word to us!"

Debbie sat down on the sofa and watched as Amber inserted a video tape into the
VCR and pressed play. Debbie's hand went over her mouth at the first scene.  It
was her, Debbie herself, with the paper boy's cock in her mouth and her hand
around it.  Her head was bobbing up and down and she could hear herself slurping
as she tried to swallow the young boy's cock head.  To Debbie's further
surprise, she could tell that she was enjoying herself.

Debbie continued to watch in horror as she paraded around the grocery store
putting on an obscene show.  Debbie started to cry as she was humiliated
watching herself behave in such a disgusting manner.

The next scene on the video was of Jimmy the paper boy trying to collect. 

"Please you can't leave yet, I haven't paid you yet!" Debbie said, as she raced
over and pinned Jimmy against the door.

Jimmy spun around, he was face to face with Debbie, as she leaned her body
weight into his.

"Well I just thought you might like me," Debbie said, in her sexiest voice.

"Your all right I guess," Jimmy moaned. "Please Mrs. S. What are you doing?"

Debbie was pressing up against the young man. She started to pull at the young
mans jeans.

"Please Mrs. S. Stop that!" Jimmy cried.

"Don't worry, don't be embarrassed, I will make it all right," Debbie said, on
the verge of tears, as she struggled within herself, and with him. She finally
got the young man's jeans open, as she had to keep batting his hands away.
Reaching in his pants, she gripped his cock, surprised that it was already hard,
when she pulled it out of his pants.

"Ah nice," Debbie managed, as she lied a little, the young man had a smallish
cock, but it was stiff as a board as she gripped it in her hand, jerking it back
and forth.

"See, doesn't that feel good?" she purred, but didn't have to wait for an
answer, as she was suddenly hit with a blast of cum, from the young man's cock.

"Oh man, Oh God!" Jimmy gasped, as he looked at Debbie trying to wipe his cum
from her eye. "I'm sorry, really I didn't mean too."

The video then shifted to Platinum Blondes.  Debbie watched in horror as she
stripped in front of a pack of lusting men.  How could they have gotten this on
tape she wondered?  They were both at home when I was there last night.

The next scene caused Debbie to drop her head and cry in despair as she watched
herself accepting money from men who were sucking her tits and fingering her
cunt.

Debbie could not take anymore.  She darted for the VCR and shut the tape off and
then collapsed on the floor in tears.  "When, how," Debbie wondered silently and
continued to cry.

There she was, mother of three, sucking a teenage boy's cock, stripping in front
of a group of strange men, and worse of all, accepting money from men in
exchange for sucking her tits and fingering her cunt.

There was no way she could explain this to Brett.  He would leave her for sure
and take the kids with him.  As much as she hated it, she would have to submit
completely to the girls.

Debbie was pulled to her feet by her hair by Stephanie and ordered to shower.
Debbie quickly got up without protest and went to the bathroom to shower.



When Debbie came back into the room she had a large towel wrapped around her
tits. Stephanie jerked the towel away and pinched Debbie's nipples making them
hard.

Debbie winced in pain, but did not protest. Stephanie led Debbie by her nipples
to the edge of the bed where Stephanie laid out Debbie's clothes for the day.
Debbie was shocked to see only a very short skirt, a black thong and a cotton
tank top. She slipped into the skirt and felt the air on her bare cunt. Next she
pulled the cotton tank top down over her tits. Then she pulled the little black
thong dividing her firm ass cheeks.  Debbie bit her lower lip as she could see
the white flesh of her breasts poking out the sides of the tank top.

"We're going shopping." Stephanie announced and headed for the bedroom door
expecting Debbie to follow.

************************************************************************

"And now, off to the mall we go!" Amber announced, breaking Debbie's thoughts of
despair.

The girls opened the doors of their Chevy Suburban and motioned for Debbie to
get

into the back seat. "But first," said Stephanie, let's get that skirt off,
missy.  Panties too."

"Oh, no, please don't make me do that Mistress Stephanie," Debbie whined.

"You just don't get it, slut," said Amber. "Have you forgotten that little video
we have of you? What will Brett and the kids think? And all your friends? I can
pretty well guess what all the perverts on the Internet will think when they see
that sweet innocent little face with a cock stuffed in its mouth-hole, complete
with your name, address, and phone number. You'll be the most popular MILF
around. It'll be like you're a dog in heat and they just opened the doors of the
kennel!"

Debbie shuddered at the gross image, and sagged in defeat. It was only she and
her nieces in the parking lot, so she slipped off her shoes, then her skirt,
then her panties. She felt horribly exposed and vulnerable outdoors, so she
quickly climbed into the backseat of the large SUV.

"Might as well do the top, too, stupid slut," said Stephanie.

"Please, may I ask a favor Mistress Stephanie?"

"Sure, slutty fuck face," said Stephanie.

"Would you just not call me horrible names? All this is bad enough, but could
you just not call me names?"

"Awwwww!" the girls jeered in unison. "Poor little Debbie got her feelings
hurt!"

Amber climbed into the driver's seat. Amber got in on Debbie's right. The nude
housewife next to her, aware that her eyes were drinking in her tight hard
33-year-old body. The morning air was chilly, and her nipples had sprung to
attention, further betraying her, making it appear she was sexually aroused.

"Tell you what, Slut Debbie," said Stephanie. "We'll play a little game on the
way to the

mall. If you win the game, we won't call you names any more. You have my word.
If

you lose the game, we'll keep right on calling you whatever we like. Seeing as
how we have total power over you anyway, what do you have to lose?"

What, indeed, she thought. She might as well try.

"What's the game?" she asked meekly.

"Remember last year when you came to see us and you made us listen to that Bon
Jovi CD?"  We'd like for you to serenade us on the way to the mall by singing
that song "Living On A Prayer."

"That's all I have to do?" Debbie asked nervously.

"That's it. Just get through the whole song one time, perfectly, without
stopping or making any mistakes, and we'll stop calling you names."

This will be easy, Debbie thought. I'm sure I can remember all the words.

"But we've got to make it challenging," said Amber. "Put your hands behind your
back. Without even thinking, Debbie leaned forward in the back seat and placed
her hands behind her. In a flash, Amber pulled out a pair of handcuffs and
cuffed her wrists. Her arms were now pinned back at the shoulders, her hands
trapped.

"Stop! Oh God please, take them off!" Debbie shouted in panic.

"Shut up!" yelled Amber. "Listen, auntie slut, and listen good. If we get
stopped by

the cops, or if anything happens to us, in any way shape or form, whether it's
your fault or not, all of us have had it.  So if anything happens, we will mail
the videos out and posts them on the Net. So it's in your fucking best interest
to make sure that we don't get  caught! Got it, bitch?"

Debbie nodded. She was feeling horribly numb again. The logic was inescapable.
She was trapped as the toy of these vile girls and could do nothing about it.

"Let's get comfortable," said Amber. She grabbed Debbie's naked right leg and

pulled it into her lap. She then crossed her legs over her leg, trapping it.

The result, even before Stephanie had started the Suburban, was that Debbie was
nearly immobilized in the backseat. Her hands and arms were cuffed behind her
with the weight of her body leaning back against them, and her legs were spread
wide and held pinned by her sides. She squirmed and wiggled, but could do
nothing. She also noticed, for the first time, that the windows of the girl's
vehicle were darkly smoked, and no one could possibly see inside.

"Here we go," Stephanie said, starting the SUV and pulling out of the driveway.

"Any time you want to start singing, be our guest," said Amber with a giggle.

"Debbie took a deep breath and began: "Johnny used to work on the docks..."

Amber's right hand shot out and grabbed a hold of one perky nipple and started
massaging it.

"Oh God, stop Mistress Amber!" shouted Debbie. Amber kept up her manipulation of
the nipple, which was growing harder.

"Come on, we want a song!" shouted Stephanie from the front seat.

Debbie started over. "Johnny used to work on the docks..."

Amber's right hand began to rub up and down Debbie's bare thigh. She kept
singing.

"Union pin or stripes he's done on his luck...."

Amber reached around with her left hand and started to tickle the underside of
her breast, while inching her right up until it reached her bald pussy.

"Oh, please, I can't do this!" Debbie wailed.

"Fine, then, little lesbo bitch," said Stephanie. "She doesn't want to sing for
us, Amber, so it's back to name-calling."

The flustered housewife knew this was just a horrible game to them, but maybe if
she got through the song she could at least have that small victory. She steeled
herself against the roaming, prodding hands of her mistress as she explored her
writhing naked body, and started again.

"Johnny used to work on the docks..."

She couldn't help herself. Amber's hand had drifted down to her pussy and she
had plunged a delicate long finger deep inside her. She hadn't realized she was
still slick with juice from all this excitement, and Amber's finger quickly slid
all the way in. The poor housewife's hormones started to flow. She could feel
herself starting to get horny as Amber pulled her finger out and plunged it back
in, finger-fucking the confused mother.

It's my only chance at self-respect with these fuckers, she thought to herself,
and began again. This time she got as far as the line "You got to hold on to
what you've got," when Amber leaned over and kissed her neck, right behind the
ear. No woman had ever kissed her there, and it sent a shiver of delight through
her pulsating body. She didn't cry out, but she stopped singing for an instant.

"Nope, doesn't count!" Stephanie called out from the front seat. "We said you
had to sing it perfectly."

Debbie started over. Amber's finger continued to frig in and out of her pussy,
making her feel better and better. Amber also continued to kiss her neck, which
felt incredibly good.

She had barely sung a few words when Amber placed her thumb against her clit and
began to rub.

"Ohhhhh, Mistress Amber, please, stop, stop, don't do this to me!" she cried
out. She felt so alone, so exposed, so humiliated. She was trying to just
complete one simple task, sing a song she knew well, and she couldn't even do
that. Her mind was confused, but her body wasn't. Every inch of her was
responding to the caresses and touches of her niece who had her pinned down in
the backseat.

"Johnny used to work," she started again. Amber let her sing, keeping her
touches light, till she got to the lines, "You've got to hold on to what you've
got," and then Amber bent her head down and placed her mouth over her erect
nipple and started to tongue it, while she pushed a second finger up inside her.

"Uhhhhhhh," Debbie moaned. Her head rolled back against the seat, her eyes
closed. She was lost in a delirium of overwhelming sexual desire.

"You want us to keep doing this?" whispered Stephanie.

"Oh, God, I don't know," moaned Debbie. "No. Don't. Stop."

"Don't stop?" asked Amber with a nasty smile. Her fingers were churning inside
the tormented woman, her thumb expertly manipulating her clit, which was now
pink and throbbing. Debbie's hips started rotating, almost without her knowing
it, as she thrust her pelvis forward into Amber's hand, while she continued
kissing her hard little nipples.

She had stopped even trying to sing her part. Her body had taken over, and she
was inching closer and closer to orgasm. She moaned, thrust her large firm
breasts out, humped her pussy frantically against Amber's fingers.

"Oh yes! Oh yes!" she cried out. She teetered on the verge of a powerful orgasm.

"Whoops, here we are!" called out Stephanie as she turned into the shopping
mall. "Time to look sharp."

Amber immediately pulled herself off of the writhing, humping housewife.

Debbie didn't know what had happened. One moment she had been on the brink of
cumming, then everything had stopped.

"Please?" she asked plaintively.

"Please what, auntie slut?" asked Stephanie, teasing.

"Please don't stop what you were doing," she said softly. If her hands hadn't
been cuffed behind her, Debbie thought, she would have finished herself off
right there in front of them. God, everything had felt so good. Her heart was
pounding, she was shaking and sweaty, she wanted to cum so damn bad!

"I don't think so," Stephanie ordered.

"Pleeeeeeese," begged Debbie.

"Let's hear what you want," Stephanie said briskly.

"I want to, you know," Debbie said. She knew they knew. She was beyond shame,
she decided. She had to cum.

"I want to have an orgasm," she begged. "Pleeeeeese Mistress!"

"Maybe later," Stephanie said coldly.

Debbie lifted her head and opened her eyes, and looked right into the lens of
the video camcorder. Stephanie, had a camcorder setup in the passenger seat of
the Suburban, and had been taping her the whole time.

"Smile," her niece mocked, "you're on Candid Camera."

Debbie wanted to cry.

"Amber, get those balls into her like we planned," Stephanie said. Amber reached
into a bag on the floor and pulled out a small box, extracting two small metal
objects slightly smaller than ping-pong balls.

"Here ya go, auntie slut, just so you don't get that empty feeling inside,"
Amber said, and pushed one ben-wa ball, then the other after it, up inside
Debbie's swollen, sopping wet pussy. They were cold, but strangely, Debbie
didn't mind. She was slowly getting used to having something inside her hot
pussy.

"Those will have a real interesting effect on you when you're walking around in
the mall," Stephanie said, as the girls laughed. Debbie didn't understand but
knew, with dread, that she would eventually.

"Let's help her get dressed," Amber added. Debbie was still horny and wanted to
cum so badly, but she had no choice, with her legs still trapped and her hands
cuffed. She wasn't going to be allowed to cum just yet, and she still had to
endure whatever they had planned for her in the mall.

She looked out the darkened SUV window and could see the bright light malls of
the mall in the distance.

"And just to remind you, you never did manage to sing the song all the way
through, you little slut-monkey," Stephanie mocked her from the front seat as
she stowed the camcorder in her shoulder bag.

"Yeah, stupid bitch," said Amber.

"This is gonna be a shopping trip you'll never forget, slut," Amber whispered in
her ear.

The housewife shuddered, partly from the lust that still boiled in her hard
pulsating body, partly from pure fear.



************************************************************************

"May I ask a question, please Mistress Stephanie?" she asked meekly as Amber
released her from the handcuffs, freeing her trapped arms."

"Sure thing, slut," said Stephanie.

"What are those things you put, uh, you know..." She couldn't bear to bring
herself to say where she meant. "You know, inside me," she finished."

"You mean stuffed up your little slutty pussy?" responded Stephanie. "Those are
ben-wa balls, slut. God, you really are such a stupid cunt! They're hollow metal
balls, partially filled with mercury. Women use them to masturbate. They fit
snugly up inside that cunt of yours, and when you walk, they shift their center
of gravity over and over, stimulating the inside of your pussy. The sensations,
I'm told, are quite delicious."

Debbie shuddered at the thought of these awful foreign objects inside her most
private place.

"The thing is, as I understand, a woman will usually sit in a rocking chair when
she has the ben-was in place and rock and play with her clit. The result is a
spectacular orgasm for the woman. For you, though, it's likely to be mostly just
an exercise in frustration, cause you're going to be walking around the mall.
You won't be able to finger yourself to get yourself off, although if you want
to, we probably won't stop you, so long as it's some place nice and public, like
the food court. Mainly, as we see it, you'll just be in a heightened state of
horniness for our little shopping trip."

Stephanie smiled diabolically. Debbie, stunned at how much trouble they were
going to, just looked down and bit her lip.

The girls helped her back into her clothes, all except for her panties, which
they told her she didn't need.

"Those 33-year-old tits are so perfectly perky you should never wear a bra,
slut," said Stephanie. "They'll get more bounce that way when you walk. Guys
like that!" Finally Debbie was dressed and they all got out of the SUV. She
realized she had no idea where they were, that during the long ride of torment
she had been paying attention to what was being done to her in the backseat
rather than where they were going.

"Where are we Mistress?" she asked.

"This is Northside Mall," said Amber. "About 30 miles away from town. We figured
there's a lot less chance of being spotted and recognized here than if we went
to the mall back in town. Last thing any of us needs is to be spotted hanging
around with the world's nastiest slut, particularly when she's doing what you're
going to be doing here at Northside."

"Please, Mistress, I'm begging you, can we just go home?" Debbie implored. She
was trembling with anxiety, and still a little lust from being brought so close
to orgasm by Amber and then stopped right before her climax.

"Of course not, bitch. We've gone to a lot of trouble to set this up," said
Stephanie. "Now listen carefully, because once we get inside, I don't want to
have to be repeating these directions for you over and over. You can make this
simple, or you can make this complicated. The simple way is you do exactly what
we say for the next hour, no questions, no tears, no trying to alert mall
security, and after an hour, we go home. The hard way is you give us any shit,
or fail to follow our instructions precisely. If that's the case, then we start
to send out the video. We'll probably be able to add a few more minutes onto the
video with the great footage you just provided on the way over her.

"You understand so far?"

"Yes Mistress Stephanie," Debbie said quietly.

"So you're going to get yourself some new clothes today, stuff you can wear from
now on. Here's how it will work. We'll see something in a store window and tell
you what we want you to get. You go into the store, and one or both of us will
go in with you, but we will pretend like we're not together. You don't
acknowledge us, we don't acknowledge you. But we'll be keeping an eye on you to
make sure you keep our deal. You try on the item or items and make sure they
fit. Whether you like them or not is irrelevant. If we're doing our job, you'll
probably hate 'em, but tough shit. You take them to the cashier, who we'll have
scoped out in advance, and who will be male. Tell him you want to buy this,

but you don't have any money, and could you pay for it instead with a blow job."  
Stephanie paused to watch her reaction.

The color drained from Debbie's beautiful face. "What?" she shrieked, forgetting
where she was. "I can't! I won't! I'll scream for help!" They were asking her to
offer oral sex to strange men in a shopping mall.

"You scream for help, auntie slut," said Amber, "and out go the tapes, complete
with name, address and phone number. By the way, isn't Brett up for a promotion
at work? We better make sure we add his boss, and his bosses boss, to the list
of recipients.

"Stop! Stop! Stop!" shouted Debbie, holding her hands over her ears as if she
could block out the torture. "I'll do it, I'll do it!"

"That a girl," said Stephanie. "So as I was saying, you offer the clerk or the
cashier or whoever the blowjob. Maybe there's a backroom you can use, maybe a
dressing room, maybe you have to go to the mall men's room and find a stall.
Picture that. Auntie Debbie, the cock-teasing queen, down on her bare knees on a
men's room floor, swallowing a stranger's jism.  It will certainly be in your
best interest, once you get started, to make it nice and quick. Suck his cock,
swallow his cum, and meet back up with us.

"Simple as that," concluded Stephanie.

Debbie could barely speak. She started to hyperventilate in panic and outrage. 
She wanted to cry, or run, or kill these girls. None of those was an option. Her
only option was to do as they told her.

"Give me your purse," ordered Amber. She took the housewife's purse and gave it
to

Stephanie, who stuffed it into her shoulder bag with the video camera. "Now you
have no money, no charge cards, no ID. You're not Debbie S., spoiled little
housewife any more. You're the Blowjob Queen of Northside Mall.

"Let's go," said Stephanie jauntily, and Debbie and her nieces walked to the
mall. Almost immediately, the sexy housewife felt the ben-wa balls start to move
in her pussy. It was a strange sensation, really rather pleasant. She was still
wet from her masturbation session and then the finger-fucking in the back of the
Suburban, and the slick balls slipped and tumbled inside of her.

Their first stop in the mall was an upscale shoe store. Stephanie, who was
clearly running the show tonight, told her to stop, and the housewife and her
nieces all looked in the window.

"I kinda like that pair there," said Amber, pointing to a pair of sexy black
open-toed pumps with 5-inch stiletto heels. The price tag in front of them read
$79.95.

"Nice choice, Amber," said Stephanie. "But do you think a blowjob even from a
stone-fuckin' fox like Miss Daniels here is worth $80?" There was no one else
standing nearby, and the girls were talking about her like she was some sort of
street prostitute! Debbie burned with shame.

"Oh, easily," said Amber. "I'm sure she lacks a certain expertise, but just look
at those lips.

"OK," said Stephanie, turning to Debbie. "Go in there and get those shoes. You
know

what to do. We'll be watching you. And do exactly as you've been told, or the
whole world gets a special video treat starting tomorrow."

The housewife swallowed hard. Her stomach felt like lead. She walked into the
shoe store, still feeling the metal balls churning and churning inside her
pussy.

"Hi, excuse me," she said to the salesman. He was a middle-aged man: a little

dumpy, dressed in polyester, no wedding ring. His pin on name tag said Jim.

"May I help you, miss?" His eyes glittered as he took in the ravishing housewife
before him.

"I'd like to try on that, uh, pair of shoes in the window," Debbie said
nervously, pointing.

After Debbie gave her size, the clerk went to get a pair from the window, and
she sat down. Stephanie and Amber had entered the shoe store and were standing
at a display, pretending to be engrossed.

Jim returned with the shoes and tried them on her feet. Debbie stood up - Whoa!
They were by far the tallest heels she had ever had on. She swayed precariously
and grabbed the clerk's shoulder for balance. He grinned and quickly slipped his
arm around her waist, as if to steady her, but actually just to brush up against
that firm hot flesh.

"Take a few steps and see how you like them," the clerk said. He was so
engrossed in Debbie that he hadn't even noticed the two other "customers."

Debbie took a few wobbling steps. Normally a petite five foot, she felt like an
Amazon in the shoes. She could feel the muscles in her legs moving differently
than they ever had before, stretching and pulling, and she also felt the ben-wa
balls inside of her moving in a more stimulating way. The heels changed the way
she walked, she realized, causing her to thrust her pelvis out, arch her back to
maintain her balance. She was starting to walk more like a provocative slut and
less like the normal housewife she still desperately wanted to remain.

As she wobbled around the store, getting used to the high heels, her large,
lovely breasts bounced more than usual in her tank top. Freed of their bra, the
nipples rubbed against the cotton fabric and the stimulation began to make them
erect. Soon her nipples were poking straight out through the shirt, with no bra
to hold them back. All the while, the ben-wa balls stuffed up inside her rolled
and rolled, a constant reminder of her horniness.

She walked back to Jim and spoke to him in a low voice. "Can I talk to you
privately, please?" she whispered.

Jeez, thought Jim, what's up with this chick? The middle-aged clerk saw her
nipples poking out, obviously braless, and now she was coming on all
husky-voiced. He took her by the elbow and steered her toward the back of the
store, with Debbie hobbling and wobbling along, trying to keep up.

"I, uh, mister, uh," she stammered. She could barely make herself speak the
unspeakable words. But her two tormentors were still in the store, stealing
covert glances at her, and she knew what the penalty would be if she didn't
follow through: not just humiliation in front of her friends and family, but
Internet postings of her name and address that could get her stalked and raped.

The beleaguered housewife forced herself to do what she must. "I don't have
money for these shoes, but I really want them," she blurted out. "If you'll let
me have them, I'll, uh, you know..." She stopped again.

"No, I don't know," said Jim, but his cock was beginning to get an idea. It
stirred in his slacks. What was this little slut up to?

"I'll, uh, make you cum."

"Yes!" thought Jim. "Thank you Jesus!"

"I think we can work something out," said Jim. "Excuse me, ladies," he shouted
at the two girls hovering in the front of the store. "I have to close up for a
few minutes. Out ya go!"

Stephanie and Amber exchanged smiles and willingly left. Jim slid the glass
front of the store closed and locked it.

"I'm all yours, little lady," he leered. "Now more specifically, what did you
have in mind?"

"Can we go in the back room?" Debbie said quietly, close to tears.

Jim steered the trembling housewife into a backroom, and unbuckled his belt. His
pants fell to his ankles, and Debbie could see the outline of his erection
throbbing in his jockeys.

Debbie took a deep breath. She could either drag this out and take all night, or
get it over with and get home, safe in her own bed. There was only one way out.
She dropped to her knees in front of the clerk, pulled his shorts down, and
engulfed his cock in her warm mouth.

"Oh yeah, baby, suck that rod," the salesman said. "You can have all the shoes
you want anytime you want, baby."

It didn't take long for Debbie to figure out what to do. The salesman held the
sides of her

head and started sliding his cock in and out of her mouth.

"Use your tongue, baby, and lick the underside," he ordered. She did, running
her pink tongue along the bottom of his shaft and then around its thick purple
head.

"Oh yeah, baby, that's it."

Debbie felt the cock moving in and out, sometimes pushing so far into her mouth
that she almost gagged. She didn't even think to use her hands, and it didn't
occur to Jim to tell her, because it wasn't necessary. Jim had had three
blowjobs in his entire life, and all three of those from hookers, and to have a
sexy wife and mother come into his store, drop to her knees and start sucking
him off was beyond his wildest sexual fantasy. He felt the sperm building in his
balls.

On her end, Debbie felt the head of Jim's cock start to swell. He was pushing in
harder and faster now, and his grip on her head tightened. Her knees hurt from
the concrete storeroom floor, and her humiliation knew no bounds. She wished the
earth would swallow her whole.

"Here it comes, slut!" shouted Jim, and suddenly the cock in her mouth erupted,
shooting stream after stream of thick white jism onto her tongue and straight
down her throat. She started to spit it out, but remembered somehow in the back
of her mind her orders were to swallow, so she started gulping.

It had been more than a week since Jim had masturbated, and he had a huge
reserve of salty semen for the kneeling housewife. She swallowed over and over,
eight, nine, ten times, and finally Jim's cock was quiet.

She arose from her kneeling position awkwardly, stood again on the high heels.

Jim pulled his pants back up.

"Could I interest you in another pair of shoes?" he asked with big grin.

"God no!" Debbie blurted. Now that she had followed her orders, she wanted to
get out of the shoe store so badly she could scream. She walked quickly toward
the front of the store and Jim, reluctantly, let her out. As he watched her walk
away, he wondered if this was where those letters to the editors of Penthouse
came from. And here all along he thought they were made up!

************************************************************************

As soon as Debbie left the shoe store, Stephanie fell in right beside her.

"I see you got the shoes," she noted with approval. "Nice job. Now let me smell
your breath."

Debbie was too dazed and befuddled with all the demands and orders that she
didn't even pause to wonder about the strange request. She opened her mouth and
exhaled.

"Ah yes, the smell of cum in a slut's mouth," Stephanie said quietly. "Nothing
like it."

Debbie had no idea what her niece was talking about. She just wanted to get this
horrible trip to the mall over with.

Just then Amber joined them. "I found some nice clothes over at the Gap," said
Amber as the three walked along.

"Lead on," said Stephanie, and soon Debbie found herself walking into the Gap.

"There's a pile of clothes I gathered up in the far right rear corner," Amber
whispered to her. "There's six items. Take the black skirt off the top, try it
on in the dressing room, and wear it out. Get the other clothes and find the
clerk named Ralph. Make him your offer."

Debbie found the pile right where Amber had assembled them, took them into a
dressing room and stripped it off her skirt. She pulled out the black skirt and
was puzzled - surely it was way too small! Her hips were not wide, but they were
certainly voluptuous and full. No way she would fit into this!~

She pulled the skirt up and found it was made of Spandex, and stretched to fit.
She tugged it over her thighs, up to her waist. Jeez, this sucker was tight! But
finally it was in place.

The black Spandex skirt was a micro-mini. When Debbie looked in the dressing
room mirror, she couldn't believe her eyes. It clung to her like a large black
rubber band. That's practically what it was, anyway. It came down to just two
inches below her crotch, and the bottom moons of the cheeks of her ass were half
an inch away from being plainly visible.

Still, she knew what she had to do. She pulled the black high-heeled pumps back
on, gathered up her old jeans and the other new clothes and went off to find
Ralph.

"Just get through this, just get through this," she kept telling herself.

Every person in the Gap stopped what they were doing and stared at the stunning
housewife as she strolled through the store. Inside her white tank top, her
unfettered breasts bounced freely, showing off the hint of darkness around each
nipple. The micro-mini clung to her ass and crotch as it if was spray-painted
on.  Her long bare legs were tanned and magnificent. And the high heels made her
walk with a hooker's strut, rolling her hips and pelvis. (What no observer could
see were the ben-wa balls turning and churning inside Debbie's pussy, ratcheting
up her awareness of her own sexuality with every step). She looked like she was
auditioning for a Penthouse video.

"Yo, babe, check it out. Nice walk!" called a black teenager. Debbie ignored
him. When she approached the check-out counter, she spied the clerk named Ralph.
This one was much younger than her, maybe about 18, and not bad-looking. He wore
khakis and a polo shirt, and was decent enough looking.

"Hi," she said. "I need to talk to you privately for a minute."

"Sure thing, ma'am" said the boy. Debbie's stomach fluttered a bit. He had a
sexy voice, and kind eyes, and she was horny, and she knew what she was going to
do to this boy in just a few minutes, and that thought, somehow, made her
hornier. What had been sick and disgusting back with the shoe store clerk was
now seeming not so terrible. If only she could get off too! But that would take
more time, and more explaining, and she couldn't imagine what she would tell the
boy about the metal balls inside her.

"I want to get that stack of clothes I left up on the counter," she told Ralph
once they were in a corner, "but I, uh, my purse was stolen." She didn't know
why she lied, she just wanted to think of some way to save face. "So maybe I
could do something real nice for you in exchange for the clothes."

Ralph looked the sweet housewife up and down. He knew he would get fired if he
was caught, and he wasn't sure what she had in mind, but he had to find out.

"There's an employee men's room in the back," he said. "Follow me." He marched
through a curtain and Debbie followed him into the men's room, where he turned
and locked the door from the inside.

"Are you sure you want to do this?" Ralph asked.

"No, but I have to," Debbie answered honestly.

"You don't have to do anything," Ralph said. "If you want to trade clothes for
sex, I won't say no, but wouldn't it be nicer if we went somewhere and made love
properly? Then you could come back and I'd give you some clothes. I mean, this
is kinda tacky," he concluded, gesturing at the squalidness of the men's room.

"I know," said Debbie. Her mind was reeling. This boy was actually very nice. He
said things like "make love" where all the other men just talked about sucking
their cocks. She knew Stephanie and Amber would be waiting outside, waiting to
smell her breath and degrade and debase her further. She steeled herself,
reached out a hand and unzipped Ralph's khakis.

"I'd love to chat," she said, trying to sound nice, "but right now I just have
to give you a blow job."

Ralph had tried to do the right thing, but he was, after all, a teenage boy,
with a hot woman squatting down and unzipping his fly and pulling his dick out
with her tender fingers. He sprang to life, hard as a steel bar, and knew he
wasn't going to be offering this little slut any more alternatives.

Debbie leaned forward and placed her lips around the head of Ralph's prick. 
"Ohmigod!" the boy moaned softly. "You are so sexy!"

Pleased at the compliment, Debbie reached a hand into his open fly and began to
fondle his balls. Although the ben-wa balls were stationary, her pussy was
suddenly leaking a trickle of juice than ran down her thigh. Her clit was
throbbing, and she thought about reaching down with her other hand, and
masturbating while she sucked the teenaged boy. But she forced herself to focus.
Even though this was much nicer than her previous blow jobs, the goal was to get
the event over with.

The blonde housewife pulled her mouth off the engorged dick, then stuck her
tongue out and swirled it over and over the head. Ralph moaned and leaned back
against the bathroom wall. Debbie leaned forward, her gorgeous red lips open
wide, and ran her mouth all the way down onto his cock as far as she could
manage. His kinky pubic hairs tickled her nose. She pulled back, then started
bobbing her head up and down, faster and and faster. Her hand seemed to be on
automatic pilot, rolling his testicles around in his scrotum. She could feel
them start to inch upward and his scrotum tighten as his orgasm approached.

"Oh yes, ohhhhh yes," the boy moaned. Debbie's pussy spasmed slightly. She was
so

damned turned on. She had never been this horny in her life. She reached down
with her free hand without even thinking, and started rubbing her exposed pink
clit with two fingers.

Suddenly, Ralph's cock exploded into her mouth, pulsing out wave after wave of
hot boy semen. She started swallowing dutifully, and kept working her clit,
faster and faster, approaching her own climax.

Sated, Ralph pulled his cock from the girl's hot mouth with a "pop" as the
suction of her lips was broken. The blowjob was over, but she still hadn't cum!
Without the cock in her mouth, she was suddenly very aware of who she was and
what she was doing: squatting on a men's room floor masturbating furiously in
front of a total stranger! My God, she thought, what was happening to her. She
pulled her hand away from her sopping wet crotch, and the spell was completely
broken. She had once again come so close to an orgasm, only to fall short.

Ralph was zipping up his pants. There was nothing for Debbie to do but stand up
and smile, weakly.

"Thank you, thank you thank you," blabbed the lucky Gap clerk. Boy, would he
have

some story to tell his friends! He wished he had a Polaroid camera to take a
picture of this vision of loveliness, dressed like a total whore, standing in
front of him with a tiny dribble of his semen at the the corner of her mouth.

"You're welcome," was all Debbie could manage as her well-bred manners
automatically took over.

"Can I have your phone number?" Ralph asked. "I could call you..."

Debbie thought it was wonderful that he was still acting as if they had met in
the food court after a basketball game, but she was in enough trouble and wasn't
about to give her number to a boy who thought she gave out blow jobs all the
time. She declined, scooped up the clothes, stuffed them in a large Gap bag that
had been left in the restroom and beat it out of there without even saying
goodbye.

Ralph stood forlornly and watched her go.

Click click click went Debbie's heels as she walked quickly along the tile floor
of the mall. Swish swish went the round globes of her ass under the tight black
mini, back and forth, mesmerizing every male in the mall. She saw Amber coming
toward her. She smiled when he saw the Gap bag in her hand.

"Well done, little slut. By the way, in case you didn't have time to have a
proper conversation with young Ralph, he's on the baketball team of the local
high school." She smiled a toothy grin.

Amber told her to walk on ahead until she met Stephanie, who would direct her to
her next store. That store turned out to be The Rave, and this time Stephanie
walked right in with her. Debbie had never been in this kind of store, which
sold hippie young clothes, punk garb, Goth stuff, some surfer garb. Heavy metal
played loudly on the stereo, and black light posters of skulls, bare-breasted
witches and cartoon dogs fucking hung on the walls. A glass case along one wall
contained bongs, buttons with sayings like "Cure Virginity," temporary Harley
tattoos. It wasn't really a rough place, it was just for suburban wannabes, kids
who didn't have the guts to get a real tattoo but would get one that would come
off in a week.

It was still enough to scare Debbie, who was more used to shopping at stores
like Lerner's.

"In here, no one will think it's weird if we're together," Stephanie was saying
as she put her arm around her shoulder. "You're my girlfriend, if anyone even
cares to ask. We'll pick out some  clothes, and then I'll let you arrange
payment." He chuckled.

Stephanie led her to a stack of halter tops. He picked one that said "Porn Star"
across the front in glitter letters. Another said "Stop Looking at My Tits!" One
had no words, but was white and so sheer it was almost transparent. She might as
well wrap Saran Wrap around her tits, Debbie thought. Stephanie put them all in
a pile for "purchase," then found what he was looking for and said "A ha!"

The halter was black, like her shoes and her skirt, and across the front, in
large silver script, it read: "JUST DO ME." Underneath was a Nike swoosh. It
probably broke all kinds of counterfeiting laws, but The Rave staff didn't care
much about such niceties.

"This is the one I want you to wear the rest of the night," Stephanie told the
frightened housewife.

"Do they have it in a bigger size?" she asked. "I think that one will be too
small."

"Nonsense," said Stephanie. "Here, let's try it on."

"You mean in the dressing room?"

"No, I mean right here, my little video star." Stephanie turned to the man
behind the counter. "Hey, dude, you mind if my girlfriend here tries on a halter
top without using a dressing room?" she said in a voice loud enough for everyone
in the store to hear.

The guy behind the counter was large and hefty, a beefy guy who looked like a
biker even though he wasn't. He had a handlebar moustache and long black hair
tied back in a ponytail, and the sleeves of his black T-shirt were cut off,
showing off his muscles. His right bicep bore the tattoo "Pretty Fucking
Dangerous" under a skull smoking a cigarette.

"Knock yourself out," he said with a big smile.

"Please don't make do this," Debbie begged. She tried to make herself look sweet
and vulnerable and pitiful to her niece.

"I'll make you a deal," she said. "If you try on the halter right here where
you're standing, I'll let you off the hook with blowing Mr. Dangerous  over
there. I'm a little worried about him. He looks like the kind of guy who might
really hurt you, might want to slap you around a little if he has you alone in
back. He might even have a knife and want to cut you a little." Stephanie was
laying it on thick, terrifying her already frightened  aunt, whose trembling had
started again.

Debbie was about to pee on the floor she was so scared. Stephanie was right, the
biker behind the counter did look very mean indeed. If Stephanie left her alone
in the store and she had to offer him a blow job, it might be a much uglier
experience than dorky Jim in the shoe store or sweet Ralph at the Gap.

"You mean I have to be p-p-partially naked right here in the store?" she
stammered.

"Yup, and you'd better get moving, little video star, or I'll walk over there to
Mr. Dangerous  and tell him what he's about to get in five minutes. Once he
focuses on getting his dick in your mouth, there won't be anything either one of
us can do." Stephanie was playing her aunt like a violin.

Debbie felt sick, but knew she had no choice. She glanced around nervously and
started to move behind a display.

Stephanie stopped her. "Right there where you're standing," she ordered. "If you
get to skip a blow job, I need to have a fair trade- off."

"Better get busy pulling off that top," Stephanie told her. "And smile, slut.
Don't think of it as showing off those pretty tits of yours. Think of it as
avoiding a nasty encounter with Mr. Dangerous back there."

Debbie swallowed hard. The room seemed to be wavering. She knew what she had to
do, and began pulling up her tank top. When the tank top was pulled up over her
tits, she reached out to the halter top Stephanie was holding. Stephanie stepped
back out of her reach.

"No, first the shirt comes all the way off. Lay it on the floor, and then ask me
politely for the top."

Debbie cursed her under her breath, then slid the top over her shoulder and down
her arms. It fell to the floor, and the 33-year-old housewife was standing naked
from the waist up in the middle of the store.

She realized the store was utterly quiet. Two teenage girls who had been looking
through the clothes and stopped and were staring at her. The ugly man behind the
counter was ogling her magnificent tits too, and from somewhere in the back, two
teenaged boys had appeared and started pointing and nudging each other. The poor
woman wanted to die.

Debbie instinctively crossed her arms over her chest.

"Hands at your sides, Debbie. Get 'em there this second, or I'll ask some of
these guys to come over and hold them there."

With that, the tattooed man bounded out from behind the counter and was at
Debbie's side even before she could obey. "You need some help here, boss?" he
asked. "Little lady causing you problems?"

"I don''t know," Stephanie answered. "Are you causing me problems, Debbie? Do we
need this gentleman to assist us?" The burly man towered over Debbie and stared
straight at her cleavage.

"No, Mistress," Debbie said, and slowly lowered her arms to her sides. Her 36-D
breasts, capped with the beautiful pink nipples, were on display for all the
world to see.

"Oh, man!" said one of the teen boys in a voice louder than he intended. "Check
out that rack! Jesus Christ!"

"Please, Mistress, may I have the top?" Debbie said, her voice steely. It was
taking all her will power not to run screaming from the store.

"Let's ask our salesperson," Stephanie said, taunting the girl. "Do you think
she'll look good in this?" She held up the black "JUST DO ME" halter.

"I don't know," said the man, playing along with the game. He wasn't sure what
kind of weird shit these people were into, but he was willing to see where it
went. "It's kind of small, and those tits of hers are awfully big."

"How big are they, Debbie?" Stephanie asked.

"Please, please, please, Mistress," the desperate housewife begged. "Can I just
have the top?"

"Not until we find out how big your tits are," Stephanie replied. "What's your
bra size, slut? We need to know to make sure we get this fitting right."

"36D , goddamn it!" Debbie spat.

"Yup, they look about that size," said Stephanie. "Here, you can have the top,
but since this gentleman works here, I think maybe he ought to help you into it.
And that's the only condition in which you can have the top."

Debbie started to shiver. It was cold in the store, and her nipples were getting
hard. The metal head music blared, and the teen boys were now giggling like
Beavis and Butthead. The two girls had crept closer as well, and the customers
formed a ring around Debbie, staring and pointing. She knew she had to do
whatever Stephanie said or he would just keep her standing here with everyone
staring at her naked breasts.

"OK," Debbie said softly.

"OK what?" Stephanie asked.

"OK Mistress, he can help me try it on."

"Ask him," Stephanie ordered.

"Would you please help me try this halter top on?" she said to the ugly biker.

"Oh, one more thing, Debbie," Stephanie said nonchalantly. "To make sure we get
the best fit, I want you to take a real breath and hold it till I tell you to
let it out."

Debbie knew what the sadistic teenager was doing, but had no choice. She inhaled
a lungful of air, which caused her to stomach to flatten in and her chest to
stick out even more. It looked as if she was deliberately flaunting her
fantastic bare tits at the customers in the store.

Mr Dangerous grinned, and Stephanie handed him the JUST DO ME top.

At the entrance to The Rave, Amber was capturing the whole scene on video.

The biker held the tiny top in his meaty paw and eyeballed the scared,
half-naked housewife standing in the middle of his store. He slowly untied the
two sets of strings on the back, taking his time. The four other teenagers in
the store just stared. It felt as if everyone was holding their breath, waiting
for the next move in the strange little drama of dominance and submission.

Mr. Dangerous laid the halter down over the tops of Debbie's beautifully jutting
breasts, then stepped behind her and pulled the two strings that tied around the
back of her neck. Although her breasts were now partially covered, the pink
nipples, stiff with cold and fear, still poked out for all to see. She wanted
more than anything in the world to cover them, but knew she had to keep her
hands obediently at her sides, or else the whole process would be dragged out
even longer.

The clerk took hold of the bottom of the halter and pulled it gently down over
her breasts, brushing the hairy backs of his hands over her nibbles as he
covered them. The top came down a little below her nipples, but still left
sweet-looking half-moons of tit flesh hanging out below.

"Doesn't look like it's gonna cover 'em up, boss," he said to Stephanie. "These
titties are just too big." Debbie was mortified.

"Let's keep trying, maybe we can make it work," Stephanie replied. Dangerous
pulled the second set of strings behind Debbie's bare back and tied them there.

"OK, you can exhale, Debbie," said Stephanie. She did, but even as her body
regained its usual shape, it was apparent to all in the store that the halter
top just barely covered her. In addition to the breast meat that hung out the
bottom, she was flashing as much cleavage as if she was wearing a Wonderbra, and
only a Wonderbra. The small amount of black fabric that covered the middles of
her breasts and the still-erect nipples was stretched extremely tight, and the
logo JUST DO ME was slightly distorted, but still readable.

"What do you think?" Stephanie asked the burly clerk.

"Well, I liked her better with her tits hanging out," he answered honestly, and
the teen boys watching nodded furiously in agreement, still speechless. "But it
does make her look pretty fuckin' hot, I gotta say that."

"Debbie, do you think you look pretty fuckin' hot?" Stephanie asked.

The tormented housewife didn't know what she was supposed to answer. She decided
the best course was to quickly agree with everything, just to get the ordeal
over with. "Yes Mistress," she whimpered meekly.

"I'm worried that when you leave the store and start bouncing through the mall,
your tits are gonna pop right out of that top," Stephanie told her. "So hold
your arms very firmly against your sides." Debbie did so, and the effect was to
push her bosoms out even more, accentuating the cleavage.

"Very good," Stephanie said. "And since you have your arms holding the sides of
your

new halter in place, you won't be needing this." And she deftly reached around
and

untied the strings stretched across her back. Debbie instantly knew that she had
to keep her arms locked at her sides, that any release in the pressure on the
sides of the halter would probably cause it to pop right off her chest, so tight
was the fit.

"Tell you what," Stephanie said to the tattooed clerk. "How about giving us the
halter in exchange for the little show we put on?" There was no disagreement,
only a big grin and a nod.

"So, let's go, sweetie," Stephanie said, and guided Debbie by the elbow toward
the entrance, where she saw her niece clicking off the video camera that had
captured the entire humiliating display.

As the near naked housewife walked out of the store and into the mall, she
realized how vulnerable she was. The high heels made her walk unsteady. The
ben-wa balls began slooshing around again inside her wet horny pussy, sending
wonderful erotic messages throughout her confused body. She had to keep her arms
locked down at her sides as she walked. From behind, she was naked from the neck
to her ankles, except for the micro- mini skirt that clung tightly to her hips.
From the front, she had a little more covering, but was advertising herself as
the biggest slut in the world with the JUST DO ME logo on her shirt. It was all
she could do to keep walking, and yet she knew that was her only hope of
eventually getting out of the mall.

"One final touch, bitch-baby, and then we're done here and ready to go home,"
Amber told her. As she pulled her into a small alcove of pay phones that was
fortunately empty. She reached into a Spenser's Gifts bag and pulled out a
plastic tiara, the kind little girls would wear for dress- up. It was silver and
crusted with cheap rhinestones, and the plastic had been molded in front to
spell out the word "PRINCESS."

"Since you think you're such a princess," Amber told her aunt, "We thought we
should make it official." She put the tiara on Debbie's head, adjusted it, and
tucked its clips into her hair. Somehow the tiara was the worst touch of all to
Debbie . The slutty clothing was at least a coherent ensemble, but the tiara was
like a sick joke, and just called even more attention to her, if that was
possible.

"You can take a stroll up the length of the mall and back again, by yourself,"
Amber told her, "and then we'll take you back home." She pulled out the video
camera. "And make it look like you're enjoying yourself. We're not quite done
with our day yet; there's more to come when we get back home. If you put on a
good show here at the mall, maybe we'll go a little easy on you when we get
back. But if you look like you're miserable, we'll just have to think of some
more things to do. Think we can come up with any, Stephanie?" she asked.

"Oh, I got a little mental list," whispered Stephanie. " A looooong mental
list."

"Get going, auntie slut," Amber said, and slapped Debbie hard on her
Spandex-covered

ass. She took a few wobbly steps out into the mall.

Once she got going, it wasn't as bad as it could have been. At least it wasn't a
rainy Saturday afternoon, she told herself, when the mall would have been
packed. Or at least it was the Preston Mall at home, where she couldn't avoid
running into friends and neighbors. As she walked, the balls in her pussy worked
their magic, turning and churning, upping her lust level with every step. She
tuned out her surroundings and barely saw the middle aged men who stopped in
their tracks to stare, the boys from The Rave who had hooked up with some
friends and were trailing her every step a few yards back, the disapproving
stares of the women who saw only a cheap slut strutting around, offering her
nubile body to every man. Amber got the whole thing on video, even the cutaways
to the onlookers.

Finally she was finished with her long walk. The whole trip to the mall had only
taken an hour, but it seemed like an eternity to the poor housewife. She
wondered how much more abuse she could take from these girls, and whether it
would get worse.

The girls had carefully timed the day's events, and knew that if they left the
mall now, and drove quickly back home, they'd have about a half hour before the
kids were due home from school.

To be continued... If you have any story line ideas for future chapters, or
would like to comment on the story please e-mail me at wifefantasy@hotmail.com.




Housewife's Awakening

(MF, F+/F, wife, reluctant, humiliation, spanking, toys)

If you enjoy this story please e-mail me at wifefantasy@hotmail.com to let me
know.  If you have an idea for how this story should continue, please let me
know and I will work it into one of the upcoming chapters.

Author's note:  I would like to thank cg for editing and authoring parts of
Chapter 6.

Chapter Six - Entrapment

Debbie washed her mouth out for the third time.  No matter what she did she
couldn't seem to get the taste of cum out of her mouth.  She felt so cheap and
dirty, no amount of personal hygiene seemed to help.  Beset with a mixture of
emotions she climbed into the shower stall hoping that a hot shower would
somehow clean her soiled body and soul.  Even as she remained under the rain of
hot water, she couldn't clear her mind of the memories of what had occurred at
the mall.  The humiliations...the threats...  Debbie rubbed cream soap over her
now slick body in an effort to wash away the memories of her cruel treatment,
but try as she might she couldn't prevent recalling her own response...her
heated reactions, the stirrings as she felt eyes fixed on her as she was forced
to wear revealing garments, her excitement as the girls played with her helpless
body.  The hot water running over her while her hands lathered her voluptuous
body only served to remind her of what happened at the mall and her excited
response to some of the terrible things she was commanded to do.

She so wanted to push her finger into her wet hungry cunt and stroke her hard
little clit until she found the release she so desired.  But the thought of
those cameras kept her hands away from her cunt.  Debbie frustratingly knew that
the sexual release she so desperately needed would elude her; that is until her
cruel nieces would allow.

************************************************************************

"Amber, did you lay our slut's clothes out for tonight?" Stephanie asked.

"Yes, I put them on her bed while she showered.  Do you want to give her the low
down on how tonight is going to work, or should I?" Amber replied.

"I would be more than happy to give her the good news, be back in a minute,"
Stephanie said as she headed for Debbie and Brett's bedroom.

************************************************************************

Debbie pulled an old t-shirt and a pair of jeans out of her closet and was
putting them on when Stephanie entered the bathroom without knocking. How things
had changed as Stephanie arrogantly ignored Debbie's right to privacy as she
nonchalantly strode towards her aunt and stood in front of the visibly trembling
woman.

"Just what do you think you are doing, slut?"  Snapped Stephanie.

"Mistress Stephanie, I was just cleaning up as instructed and getting dressed,"
Debbie replied meekly, unable to look her niece in the eye.

Stephanie grabbed Debbie's nipples through her t-shirt shirt and twisted
violently.  So violently that Debbie lifted herself on her toes in an effort to
relieve the terrible tension her nipples were enduring.

"We didn't tell you to get dressed yet you stupid slut.  Didn't you learn
anything this afternoon?"

"We decide what and when you wear anything!" snapped Stephanie who drew a gasp
from Debbie as she twisted her aunt's nipple even more fiercely.

"Y-yes Mistress Stephanie," whimpered Debbie as she screwed up her eyes at the
intensity of the burning sensation. Although she was relieved as her poor nipple
was released she was still trying to rub away the pain as she was ordered to
remove her top and jeans so that she was naked in front of her niece.

"Okay slut, you know each infringement results in punishment."

Debbie's hazel eyes widened in alarm as she heard her niece's threat before her
eyes were suddenly screwed shut as Stephanie grabbed and twisted her earlobe.

"Owww. You're hurting me!" Debbie moaned as Stephanie held her still by the
simple expedient of twisting and holding her earlobe like an errant child.
Debbie's own hands fluttered ineffectually as Stephanie controlled her pulling
her forward so that she bent at the waist.

Stephanie looked greedily on her aunt's naked body, from the liquidly swing of
Debbie's large dangling breasts, along the slim waist to the flaring swell of
the naked woman's buttocks. It was time to teach her delicious aunt another
lesson! Holding the squirming Debbie's earlobe she reached for the long back
brush so conveniently at hand, then raising the brush head high, Stephanie
brought it down hard onto the white buttocks.

WHACK. The sound of the brush striking Debbie's buttocks was accompanied by
Debbie's gasping groan at the sudden pain.

"We tell you when to get dressed..."

WHACK. There was the crack of the brush striking her as Debbie gasped again at
the stinging pain.

"We tell you what to wear."

"You'll remember now won't you slut." Stephanie said to Debbie who managed to
gasp out a yes. Debbie's hands wavered behind her in an effort to alleviate the
stinging as Stephanie continued to control her by fiercely gripping her earlobe.
Forced to lean forward, she felt Stephanie run a finger of her free hand down
the groove her spine towards her still backwardly thrusting, now reddened
buttocks. Stephanie warned her to remain still as she moved her hand over
Debbie's backward thrusting cunt and slid a finger into the warm depths causing
Debbie to stand on tiptoe as her engorged cunt was once again being stimulated.

"My my. You are a wet slut!" Stephanie said smirking evilly as she twisted her
digit in her aunt's warm depths.

Debbie quivered in part shame, part in rising excitement. Inspite of the her
stinging ass she found her level of arousal again reaching for its previous
heightened level.

Maybe Mistress Stephanie would allow her some release thought Debbie as she
concentrated on the sensations being created within her by her niece's finger.
Stephanie had no intention of that as she slowly withdrew her finger from
Debbie's aroused cunt and proceeded to drag her aunt towards her bedroom by
twisting and hauling her earlobe.

"Ouch, Mistress that really hurts," Debbie muttered as she tried to keep her
balance while being pulled by the much larger woman.

"Auntie slut, you really need to improve your listening skills.  You were told
to clean up, not to get dressed until I wanted.  I'll give you a chance to
redeem yourself.  I want you to put on your new sexy black open-toed pumps with
the 5-inch stiletto heels.  You will also need to reapply your slut makeup.  I
want my slut to have very red lips and very dark eyes," Stephanie instructed.

"Brett should be home with the kids any minute.  You will be given the night off
at Platinum Blondes tonight," Stephanie informed Debbie.

Debbie stopped worrying about the clothes that Stephanie wanted her to wear in
front of her family when she heard that she wouldn't have to dance tonight.  She
started to feel a little better about things until she heard what Stephanie said
next.

"Tonight, you will stay home with Brett and the kids.  Unless Amber or I tell
you, you are not to change clothes.  Remember that we have this place covered
with hidden cameras.  If you fail to obey me I will make sure that my whip finds
you tomorrow and that the videotape finds it's way to everyone important in your
life.  I am warning you one time, don't fuck with me!"  Stephanie said with a
menacing tone.

Debbie felt butterflies in her stomach as she remembered the sting of
Stephanie's whip.  She resigned herself to follow her nieces instructions as she
now knows that they mean business.

"Amber and I will be going to a party tonight.  While we are gone, you are to
serve as Brett's personal cock tease.  You will make sure that he walks around
with a constant hard-on all evening.  But you will NOT touch his cock in any
way, or else he will see the tape tonight.  Do I make myself clear?" Stephanie
asked the confused housewife.

"Yes Mistress Stephanie, you want me to tease Brett, but I cannot touch him,"
Debbie answered as she looked at the floor in a mixture of despair and
bemusement.

"Yes, and remember, we will be watching your every move.  We've decided that if
you are a good girl all evening and you keep Brett's cock hard for us that when
we get home we will give you 30 minutes alone with him.  You must do something
every half-hour to tease him.  Use your imagination and impress us.  If you do
then you will be free to make love to your husband any way you want tonight."
Stephanie said as she walked out the bedroom door.

Debbie was relieved that the girls would be going out tonight.  This would allow
her some much needed time to rethink her predicament.   But she was even more
relieved to know that she would be able to make love to her husband.  "I miss
Brett and I really need him right now," Debbie thought as she started to get
dressed.

When she looked at the clothes on the bed she was shocked to see only a pink
tank top and a very short black mini-skirt and nothing else.  "How am I going to
explain this to Brett," Debbie wondered to herself as she stared at the skimpy
clothing.

She slipped the pink cotton tank top on over her head.  When she tried to pull
the top down over her tits she discovered that it must be at least two sizes to
small as the copious flesh of her large breasts oozed in and tried to escape
from the stretched to bursting point tank top.  She could clearly see her
nipples and areolas through the thin material.  "We'll, at least it doesn't say
'Just Do Me' across the front," she thought to herself.

Next Debbie pulled the tiny skirt up her legs until it settled on her tiny
waist.  The skirt only came down to just two inches below the bottom of her ass
cheeks.  Instinctively she tried to pull the hem down but to her dismay her legs
were revealed all the way up to her ass cheeks.  For the first time she truly
understood why her friends always called mini-skirts as short as this
'Don't-Bend-Overs'.  If she did, she would not only reveal her ass cheeks, but a
lot more of her would be on show.

After slipping on her ridiculously high heels, Debbie headed back to the
bathroom to apply her makeup as her mistress instructed.

She felt so silly trying to keep her balance as she walked in the unfamiliar
heels.  "This must be what walking in stilts feels like," she commented to
herself as she made her way carefully in the uncomfortable shoes.

************************************************************************

As Brett walked in the front door with the kids he saw the girls bounding
upstairs, "Hey, girls.  How was your day?"

"Oh, Uncle Brett, we had a great time.  Debbie took us to the mall," Amber
replied.

"Yeah, we had a great time trying on new clothes.  We even convinced your wife
to get a new outfit.  You should check her out she looks pretty hot," Stephanie
said smirking.

"Were are you guys off to in such a hurry?" Brett inquired.

Amber winked at him before replying, "We were invited to a party tonight and our
ride will be here shortly so we have to go make ourselves beautiful."

"That won't take anytime at all then," Brett said as he tried to flirt with
these two young teenage vixens.

"Oh, Uncle Brett, you are such a tease," Stephanie said as she blew him a kiss
as the girls headed upstairs.

************************************************************************

As Brett entered the kitchen he dropped his briefcase when he saw his wife.  His
normally conservative wife was bent over the stove with her little ass sticking
up in the air barely covered by the shortest dress he had every seen her wear. 
Her curvaceous legs were accentuated by a pair of extremely high heels that
thrust her nearly naked ass up for inspection.  He felt his cock immediately
begin to grow at this delicious site.

"Wow, you look fantastic," Brett managed to spit out as he attempted to adjust
the growing erection in his pants.

"Thanks, do you like?  The girls and I went to the mall today and they picked
this little outfit out for me," Debbie replied as she straightened herself up
and thrust her beautiful jutting breasts out as she arched her back trying to
start Brett's motor just incase the girls were watching.

"Jesus Christ, you look hot tonight!  Do you think the chef needs any help?"
Brett asked as he slipped his hands up his wife's hips until they came to rest
just below her magnificent tits.

Debbie was perplexed at the situation she found herself in.  She wanted her
husband's attention, but knew that things couldn't progress too quickly or she
wouldn't be able to fend him off.

"Why don't you go change into something more comfortable while I finish getting
dinner ready?"  Debbie said through clenched teeth.  She was really enjoying the
sensation of having Brett's hands caressing her body.  She could feel that now
familiar moisture forming on her engorged cunt lips.  After all she had been
through, she was so sexually frustrated that it would be very hard for her to
resist Brett tonight, but she must.

"If you insist.  Just tell me one thing, when is dessert?" Brett laughed.

Debbie thought for a moment before playfully replying, "Oh, if you behave
yourself tonight you will get something for dessert that you will never forget. 
Let's get the kids off to bed early sweetheart."

Brett couldn't believe the change in his wife.  Maybe things would be better
now.  She looked so hot and he was so incredibly horny.  Tonight was sure to be
a night to remember.

************************************************************************

"Uncle Brett, can you come upstairs and help us for a second?" Amber yelled down
the stairs as Brett was heading back to the bedroom to change clothes.

Brett couldn't imagine what his wife's nieces needed him for, but he was eager
to find out as he ran up the stairs as fast as he could.  He could feel his hard
cock flopping back and forth as he rapidly climbed up the stairs.

Stephanie and Amber were in the upstairs bathroom getting ready for their big
party.  Stephanie was in front of the mirror doing her makeup while Amber turned
towards Brett who was standing at the bathroom entrance doorway.

"Uncle Brett," Amber cooed in her best little girl voice, "Can you let me know
what you think of my dress?"

"Do you think it is too short?" Amber asked as she turned around and thrust her
upturned ass out as far as she could manage.  The stretch fabric was just barely
able to contain her twin globes from poking right out a him.

Brett looked closely at her ass and could see the outline of a thong separating
her delicious ass cheeks.  "No, I, uh, uh, think it looks great," he said weakly
as he put his hands in his pockets trying to hide his erection from the girls.

Stephanie then turned to him and playfully added, "Brett do you think this
outfit will get the boy's attention tonight?"

Brett looked at Stephanie's tits as they strained to break free from the tight
halter-top that encased them.  He looked closely and could tell that Stephanie
wasn't wearing a bra, as her hard nipples pressed against the thin fabric.  He
also wondered if she had any panties on when she turned herself around and stuck
her tight little ass out in her extremely short leather skirt.  "Wow, you look,
I mean, uh, you both will surely turn heads tonight.  If only I were a
few...uh," Brett stopped himself short as he realized he was talking to his
wife's nieces.

Beep!  Beep!  Beep! "That must be our ride," Stephanie announced as a car horn
blew outside.

"Oh Uncle Brett, thanks so much, you are the best.  Can we call you to pick us
up when the party ends?" Amber asked as she brushed up against him while passing
him in the narrow hallway.  She was very careful to rub her tight ass against
his crotch as she passed.

"It should be over sometime around 10 or so," Stephanie informed Brett as she
also passed him in the narrow hallway.

Brett couldn't believe that his gorgeous 5'10 niece was pressing her giant tits
into his chest as she brushed past him.  He could feel her hard nipples through
her sheer halter and couldn't help wondering what it would be like to suck on
them.  "I would be glad to pick you up.  Have a good time.  Just give me a call
when you're ready."

"You're the best, see you around 10," the two girls yelled as they headed out of
the house.

************************************************************************

All night Brett watched in fascination as his loving wife paraded herself around
the house like a cat in heat.  He tried to think the situation through logically
and the only explanation he could come up with was that Debbie must be craving
the attention that she felt he was giving to her nieces.  Maybe she was acting
this way because they hadn't been getting along well recently.  Well, no matter
the reason why, he was glad to see her parading around like his own personal
slut.  "She must really be frustrated," Brett thought to himself.

Debbie prepared dinner for the family occasionally coming over to tease Brett. 
Once she slipped up behind him and licked the back of his neck up to his
earlobe.   Another time she asked Brett if she could change the TV channel for
him.  She made sure the kids weren't in the room and then proceeded to turn the
TV channel by bending at the waist. Brett could clearly see Debbie's luscious
ass cheeks and her wet little cunt as her skirt rode up her buttocks.  He
couldn't believe his innocent little wife wasn't wearing any panties.  But what
amazed him even more was that he thought she had shaven herself...down
there...which she had never done before.

After dinner was over Brett approached Debbie as she was doing the dishes.
"Sweetness, you look so hot tonight," Brett whispered into Debbie's ear as he
reached around her midsection and cupped her heaving breasts.

"Thanks darling, I thought you deserved a treat tonight," Debbie said in her
huskiest voice as she arched her back and sucked in a giant breath of air that
pushed her tits up and out to further enhance Brett's grip as he struggled to
reach around her twin globes.

Brett started to grind his cock into his wife's ass as he continued to squeeze
her fantastic tits through the paper-thin tank top. "No, I think you are the one
who deserves a treat.  Can you feel the surprise I have for you?" Brett asked
playfully.

Debbie knew from her husband's tone and the rigidity of the cock grinding
against her ass that he wouldn't be able to hold out much longer before throwing
her to the floor and taking her.  She looked at her watch and realized that it
was almost 10 O'clock.  "Sweetheart, why don't you give me...," Debbie said as
the phone started to ring.

Seizing the opportunity, Debbie broke the embrace and ran for the phone. 
"Hello, this is Debbie."

"Auntie slut, we need Uncle Brett to come pick us up at the party. Is he there?" 
Stephanie asked.

"Yes, he is, I will tell him that you are waiting," Debbie said nervously.

Stephanie then added, "Don't worry Auntie slut, we will take good care of him
and remember that for the 30 minute period starting from the time we get home
you and your husband can be together, but for no longer."

Debbie felt a ray of hope as she envisioned being held by Brett as they kissed
and made love.

"Is his cock hard, slut?" Stephanie barked.

"Yes, it has been hard all night, Mistress," Debbie replied with a little pride
in her voice.

"Good girl, remember that if you fuck with us tonight, out go the tapes, and out
goes your marriage and perfect little family.  Send Brett on his way," Stephanie
snapped.

"Yes Mistress Stephanie," Debbie answered as she hung up the phone and went back
into the kitchen to let Brett know that the girls were ready to be picked up
from the party.

************************************************************************

As Brett pulled his car up to the front of the house were the party was he could
clearly hear the sound of thumping bass through the night.

He approached the front door, which was open and found a room full of drunk
teenagers partying and having fun.  Brett normally didn't feel like he was in
his mid-thirties, but within 30 seconds of walking in that house he suddenly
felt his age.

Just as he was about to give up on finding the girls, he heard Amber yelling
across the room, "Uncle Brett, Uncle Brett, please come in here."

As he made his way across the living room into what looked like the master
bedroom he began to get a little nervous.  "Uncle Brett, this is Rachel, she is
a friend of ours." Stephanie said as she introduced a very tall brunette to
Brett.

"Glad to meet you Rachel," Brett stammered as he took a glass that Amber had
placed in his hand.

"Amber, I can't drink this, I have to drive all of us home," Brett said.

Amber put her arms around Brett and stroked his chest with her right hand,
"Uncle Brett, please, please, please, we just want to stay for a few more
minutes and one drink wouldn't effect a man like you," Amber cooed as she tried
to appeal to his pride.

Stephanie then moved to his right side and gently started to run her hand up his
pant legs stopping just short of his crotch.  "We couldn't decide what kind of
liquor was in this drink, but a man of the world like you would be able to
determine it for sure," the 5'10 Stephanie added as she pushed her ample
cleavage to within inches of Brett's awestruck face.

"I guess, we could stay for a few minutes," Brett responded with his eyes locked
on Stephanie's chest.  Despite his best efforts, he found himself aroused by
these beautiful women.

Amber then slid her left hand down Brett's back until it rested on his ass and
began to gently caress it through his slacks.  She then took Brett's arm that
held his drink in it and started to raise it to his lips.  "You have to settle
our argument for us regarding the makeup of this drink before we can go," Amber
insisted as she batted her piercing blue eyes at her uncle.

"I guess I can help you," Brett said as he lifted the glass to his lips.

As he continued to down the drink in his hands, Brett couldn't quite make out
the funny taste.  His mind kept drifting from the hand touching his ass to the
hand that was now stroking his crotch through his pants.

He looked at Stephanie and Amber who were smiling at him.  He could tell they
were saying something, but couldn't make out what.  He was starting to feel a
funny tingling sensation taking over his body and then suddenly he felt nothing.

************************************************************************

Brett awoke and immediately he taken aback by a slimy liquid that was all over
his face.  As he tried to wipe it off he noticed that the big screen TV in the
master bedroom was playing what appeared to be a porno movie.

He looked a little closer at the scene evolving on the screen before noticing in
horror that he was watching himself.

He was sitting in a chair as a brunette in a slinky red dress was bouncing up
and down on his cock.  He watched as the camera closed in on his cock as it
disappeared and reappeared  and disappeared and reappeared. 

Next he heard the brunette implore him, "Beg some more honey, I just love it
when you beg for it."

"Fuck me, please fuck...me, I need it so bad.  You are so fucking tight, just
please keep fucking me," Brett heard himself begging as the brunette continued
to slide up and down on his inflamed cock.

The camera angle now changed to show the face of the brunette.  Brett recognized
her as his nieces' friend Rachel.  The only sense that he could make of this
situation was that he had gotten drunk and hit on their friend. 

"God, what would Debbie say if she should find out?"  He thought as the video
kept playing.

"Oh, you are fucking me so good.  Do you want me to cum for you as you cum for
me?" Rachel asked through baited breath.

"Yes, please cum for me.  I am about to go any second....OH GOD, YES!" Brett
screamed through clenched teeth.

Just as the ecstasy of cumming for the first time in nearly a week was
overcoming Brett, Rachel lifted herself off of him and pulled up her dress.

Then suddenly everything changed.  It was already bad enough that Brett wanted
the ground to open up and swallow him as he watched in absolute horror as Rachel
pulled six inches of rampant cock out from under her dress and proceeded to
spurt cum all over his face.  Rachel then started to laugh hysterically while
she climbed off the drugged man.

There wasn't a hole big enough for Brett to climb into in his shame and
embarrassment.  He had just watched a video of himself fucking a transvestite. 
Worse of all he realized that the slimy liquid all over his face was another
man's cum.

He ran for the bathroom and shoved his head under the nearest facet.  While
scrubbing the sickening liquid off his face he felt a hand pressing on his
shoulder from behind.

"Uncle Brett, we need to talk," Stephanie announced.

Brett pulled himself upright before responding, "What happened?"

"What happened was you got drunk and cheated on our loving aunt!" Stephanie
snapped.

"How could you?  Aunt Debbie is the most loyal and loving woman in the world. 
How could you cheat on her like that?" Amber joined in.

Brett looked down at the ground and couldn't find the courage to look the girls
in the eye.  "I don't know how, or what happened."

"Looks to me like you just threw away your marriage and your family in exchange
for a lay with a transvestite," Stephanie countered.

"Oh, please, please, please," Brett desperately begged, "don't tell Debbie about
any of this.  I didn't mean for this to happen.  I would never hurt her
intentionally.  You have to believe me."

Stephanie and Amber gave each other a knowing glance as they saw their helpless
prey dangling in their trap.

"And what would your friends and neighbors think if this tape were to make it's
way around," wondered Amber?

"Never mind them, do you think Uncle Brett would be able to keep his job if this
tape were to be distributed around his workplace," Stephanie added with a sneer?

"Oh no, that can't happen.  I would be ruined.  I didn't know what I was doing. 
You must help me," Brett beseeched his two nieces.

"Uncle Brett, what you have done to sweet Aunt Debbie is awful beyond words,"
Stephanie scolded the older man.

Amber then added, "But we could be persuaded to keep that tape hidden from the
world, if you were willing to do some things for us."

"Please, please, I will do anything you want.  Anything at all.  Just please
don't show that tape to anyone," Brett pleaded.  While begging for his nieces
mercy he couldn't  help thinking of the utter humiliation that would destroy his
life if this ever got out to his family, friends, or co-workers.

"If you expect us to keep this secret from our aunt, who we love dearly, you
will have to submit to us for the duration of our visit," Stephanie offered.

"Exactly what do you mean by submit," Brett asked?

"You will do everything that we order without pause or hesitation, or this tape
will be distributed to everyone you know.  We might even post it on the Internet
so everyone will know how much Uncle Brett loves cock," Amber said in a menacing
tone that took Brett by surprise.

"So are you our little slave boy, or do we need to have a talk with Aunt Debbie
tonight," Stephanie inquired?

Brett paused for a moment trying to think of some other way out of this
situation before finally replying, "I guess we have a deal."  What could he do
he told himself as his mind still churned with the memory of seeing the
transvestite spurt thick white sperm all over his face.

"Great slave boy, know take us home," Stephanie ordered as she slapped Brett
across the ass.  Utterly confused at the terrible turn of events, he hardly said
a word as he walked ahead of the two girls.

As they exited the house Amber and Stephanie winked at each other.  "Stephanie,
we are going to have a lot of fun with this little stud puppy."

***********************************************************************

As Brett's car approached his neighborhood Stephanie ordered him to pull the car
over one street short of their house.

"What do you want me to pull over for," Brett asked?  "And what's all this stuff
about calling me a 'slave',"  Brett had regained a little of his composure.

"WHOOSH, WHACK!" Stephanie struck Brett across the cheek with the backside of
her hand.  "Don't ever question one of my orders again, slave boy!  That is
unless you want your sweet little wife and kids to find out how much you love
cock, you transvestite loving fucking freak!"

"Now, pull your pants down and get that little prick of yours out for us,"
Stephanie ordered.

Brett was stunned in all sense of the word and not wanting to be slapped again
pulled his pants and underwear down around his knees.

With snake like speed Stephanie reached forward and grabbed his cock and balls
in her hand.  "Do you want to keep these?" She spat twisting them painfully.

Brett nodded frantically, at the same time shouting 'YES', as he grimaced in
agony.

"Then in the future, when I give you an order you'll obey instantly.  IS THAT
CLEAR?"  Another agonizing twist emphasized her words bringing a repeat of the
earlier response from Brett.

"Good now start to stroke it.  I want you to make that puny little thing nice
and hard for us," Stephanie teased.

For a moment he hesitated but besides remembering he had little choice, he was
becoming increasingly fearful of both Stephanie and Amber.  He took his cock in
his hand and tried to stroke it to life.  He felt extremely embarrassed being
forced to masturbate in front of his much younger nieces.  This humiliation
combined with the fact that he had already had an orgasm tonight impeded his
progress and as much as he tried he was unable to achieve an erection.

"What's the matter Uncle Brett, can't you get it up," Amber teased from the back
seat.

"No, it's just that once I go it takes a few hours before I can get it up
again," Brett responded, his face flushing with a mixture of humiliation and
exertion.

Stephanie and Amber gave each other a knowing glance, "I will be nice to you
this time and give you some help.  I want you to beat that meat like your life
depends on it.  If you fail to cum within the next five minutes we will have a
little movie party when we get home," Stephanie warned Brett.

Brett started stroking his cock for all he was worth, but with all the unnatural
images dancing through his head he still couldn't get excited.  Then he turned
towards Stephanie and saw something that started his cock to stir.

Stephanie was so beautiful.  She wasn't overly pretty or feminine, but she had a
raw, earthy, and exotic look that most men found irresistibly sexy.  Her hair
was long, dark, thick and a little wavy.  Deep brown eyes, full pouting lips,
and high cheekbones adorned her softly chiseled face.

As soon as their eyes broke contact, Brett quickly glanced down at her breasts. 
She had pulled her tight halter-top down far enough for him to see her ample
cleavage as he continued to stroke his now growing cock.

He then let his eyes travel down to her long, defined, slender legs.  She was
not wearing any hose, but her legs were smooth enough to allow her short skirt
to slowly inch up her thighs whenever she shifted her body for comfort.  Another
inch or two, and he might be able to see her panties, if she wore any.

Brett's cock noticeably responded to the visual delight seated across from him. 
Stephanie shifted her weight again, and uncrossed her legs.  Brett caught a
glimpse of a dark patch between her legs, but didn't have enough time to tell if
it was dark pubic hair or black panties.  His cock swelled to its' full capacity
as his hand continued to pump away in wild abandon.  He fantasized about burying
his face between her thighs and eating his young niece's pussy while she draped
those curvaceous legs around his head.

"Do you like what you see, Uncle Brett?" Stephanie teased.

"Uh, what do you mean?" he gasped as he continued to manipulate his swollen
cock.

Looking him straight in the eye Stephanie stated directly, "I mean, did you
enjoy sneaking your little glances at my breasts and up my skirt?"

"W-well, yes I did.  You are a very beautiful woman," he gasped as he felt his
penis become even harder and more sensitive.

"Go ahead and take a good look Brett.  Take a good look!  When's the last time
you wanted someone as much as you want me right now?" she continued, shifting
herself so that her mini-skirt climbed still another inch up her thighs.

"It's been a very, very long time," he admitted unable to tear his eyes away
from the gorgeous woman so very close to him.  Brett felt his cock twitch and
his balls tighten up as his orgasm was only moments away.

"Okay then!  Go ahead and cum for my amusement, my little slave boy.  Stroke
your cock and show me how far you can shoot your cum," she beckoned.

Brett didn't need any encouragement.  He was already on the verge of going over
the edge.  Stephanie pulled her skirt up around her waist and turned around
bending over.  She placed her ass just inches from Brett's face.

"Take a good look at my ass, slave boy.  That's what you'll be worshipping from
now on. I want you to take a long slow whiff, but don't you DARE touch!" she
instructed.  She then arched her back and backed up until she forced his nose
between her asscheeks.

Brett indeed took a slow, deep whiff.  It was enough to put him over the top. 
He let out a deep groan, and put his free hand up against the dashboard for
support.  He shot his first jet of cum high on her back. He continued beating
his meat, pumping out one jet of cum after another.  They each landed on
Stephanie's delicious ass checks until he finally ran dry.   His earth
shattering orgasm still continued for several more dry shots afterwards. 
Finally, he slumped forward in his seat, completely spent.  He hadn't cum that
hard in years.

"Well, you didn't break a rule because I didn't tell you not to cum on me, but I
am very angry and there will be consequences, from now on you cum on your self
or the floor unless I tell you otherwise.  Got it?  Now lick me clean slave
boy!" Stephanie ordered.

"You've got to be kidding me!" Brett blurted out before thinking.

"Strike two.  It looks like someone is going to see a very interesting video
this evening.  Now get over here and take care of the mess you made.  I don't
want a spot of cum on me when you are done."

Brett looked at Stephanie and then at Amber hoping desperately that she would
intervene, as soon as he saw the identical look in Amber's face he felt himself
crumple before the two sisters.

Crawling up to Stephanie, Brett began to lick her back, trying his best to avoid
the places where his cum was.  Then he felt Amber's hand smack his ass.

"She said to get that stuff off of her.  Slave boy, by the time we're done with
you you'll beg us to eat your own cum.  NOW lick," Amber demanded.

Brett then began to lick her clean in earnest.  Licking over her back and down
to her ass.  Stephanie began to moan softly.  She had closed her eyes and was
rolling her head slowly side to side as she enjoyed the sensation of her uncle's
tongue licking her ass.

"Amber, am I all clean?" Stephanie asked.

"Yes, I think our little slave boy enjoyed licking his nasty cum off you
Stephanie," Amber teased, enjoying the crestfallen look on Brett's face.

"Now get dressed and take us home.  Just so you know, we have installed hidden
cameras throughout your house so everything you say and do will be monitored. 
Don't test us or else we will have to let everyone know just how much Uncle
Brett likes to fuck guys and have cum smeared all over his face," Stephanie
threatened.

"Your sweet little wife will be wanting sex from you tonight.  You will have 30
minutes from the time we get home to satisfy her.  Once 30 minutes is up Amber
will come downstairs and knock on the door asking for Debbie.  After you hear
that knock you are not to touch, or allow Debbie to touch your cock.  It belongs
to us now.  Do I make myself clear, slave boy?" Stephanie bellowed.

"Yes," Brett replied as his shoulders slumped in defeat.  After the orgasm he
just had there was no way he could possibly satisfy his wife.  How would he
explain that to her?"

************************************************************************

The car containing Brett and his two tormentors navigated its way along the
driveway towards the now traumatized man's home.  Amber looked through the car
window before turning to her sister.  "One light on," she whispered to Stephanie
who nodded silently as the car drew to a halt.

"Okay slave boy.  Out you get and go to bed.  I bet your wife is wondering where
you've been," said Stephanie as she climbed out of the car, behind her was a
visibly nervous Brett and her sister, Amber.  The party entered the house with
Brett heading towards his bedroom with Amber pushing and prodding him on through
the bedroom door.  Before following him in, Amber turned and silently nodded a
signal to Stephanie as she closed the door behind them.  In turn, Stephanie
turned and headed towards her bedroom upstairs.

************************************************************************

As Stephanie walked through her bedroom door she was pleased to see her aunt
waiting for her naked on the bed in the one lighted room in the house as
instructed by her phone call earlier in the evening.  "Good auntie slut!  Your
mistress is very pleased to see that you have followed my orders.  Now since
you've been so good we are going to get you ready for your 30 minutes with uncle
Brett.  Are you ready for a good stiff cock?"

Debbie felt a sudden sense of pride that confused her.  She couldn't believe
that she was actually proud that she had pleased her mistress, but she couldn't
deny it.  She so wanted to be with her gentle loving husband.  All she could do
was meekly nod her head up and down hoping to stay in her mistress' favor.

"Well, let's get you ready then," Stephanie said as she took her uneasy aunt by
the hand and led her to the bathroom to get dressed.  "Now remember, you have 30
minutes to do anything you want with Uncle Brett, but when your time is up you
had better stop what you are doing and get to sleep.  Do I make myself clear,
missy?"

"Yes Mistress Stephanie, I understand," Debbie answered trying not to anger the
younger woman.

************************************************************************

Meanwhile downstairs Amber further demeaned her uncle.  "If you have trouble
getting it up for sweet aunt Debbie just remember what it felt like to stick
your little prick up that transvestites' tight ass.  That should get your sick
little motor running."  Amber said while she continued her verbal assault,
"After all, you really seemed to get off on it earlier tonight."

Brett was absolutely distraught.  He was so ashamed and humiliated.  Here he was
a grown man being dressed down by his young niece and he couldn't find the inner
strength to fight back.  He had let down the person who loved him the most in
the world and to make matters worse he would now have to submit to his cruel
nieces in order to protect himself and his family.

"Stephanie went upstairs to let Aunt Debbie know that we are home.  She should
be down in just a few minutes.  See you tomorrow, slave boy."  Amber teased as
she headed out of the bedroom.

************************************************************************

As Brett laid on his bed lost in his gloomy thoughts, Debbie emerged into the
bedroom carrying a glass and dressed for sex.  Stephanie told Debbie that the
drink would help prepare Brett for their evening alone.

She had on a dusky negligee that came just to her thighs.  It was so thin as to
barely conceal what lay under it: skimpy black lace panties and a bra to match. 
Below the negligee where black stockings held up by a lacy garter belt. 
Finishing off the ensemble was a pair of black leather shoes with five inch
heels.

All this apparel showed off her enticing figure - curvaceous shapely legs, a
delightfully shaped torso, large breasts standing proudly on her chest, nipples
erect in the cool house.

"Like the outfit?" Debbie said, studying her husband's expression.  She noticed
that he wasn't himself.  "He must be taken aback by my extremely seductive
appearance," she told herself.

However, horror was still the uppermost feeling in his mind.  How could he have
thrown away everything that was truly important to him?  Feelings of guilt and
betrayal continued to rule his mind despite his best efforts to concentrate on
his alluring, sexy wife.

"You look absolutely breathtaking," Brett finally replies as Debbie approached
their bed and offered the glass to Brett.

Debbie climbed up on the bed and snuggled up to Brett and offered him a drink as
instructed by her mistress.  While wary of what happened earlier, he tentatively
sipped from the glass being held to his lips by his sexy wife, as she starts to
run her free hand over his crotch.

He couldn't believe that despite having a beautiful woman dressed erotically
while wriggling on his lap, he still couldn't get an erection.

As Debbie pulled his slacks down that contained the object of her desires, she
was surprised to find it lifeless.  "Looks like I will have to work a little
harder to get him sexually aroused tonight and God how I need him to be
aroused."  Debbie thought to herself as she smiled at her husband.

"Sorry, sweetness, it's not you I have just had a hell of a week at work," Brett
said while feeling what little confidence he still had slipping away.

Not to be deterred she started to stroke his face while gazing hotly into his
eyes.  "Look at me," she said.  Brett obeyed, staring deep into her hazel eyes.

"I am about to give you the fucking of a lifetime," she said, in a soft
seductive voice.  "Relax, enjoy.  Resisting me is futile.  Just do as I ask you
and enjoy the ride.  Everything is going to be fine."

She came closer, till her breasts pressed up against his shirt.

"Relax," she repeated.  "Just do your part and enjoy what I'm going to do for
you."

Brett felt himself start to relax.  He allowed his head to gently rest against
his pillow as his sexy wife continued her efforts.



"Don't move a muscle," she whispered, her face still ten inches from his face. 
He felt her hands at his slacks again.  The slacks dropped to the floor, and his
underwear soon followed.  All the while he continued to gaze into the deep dark
eye-pools of his enticing wife, wondering what he had ever done to deserve her.

She then stepped back and unbuttoned his shirt, throwing it off his arms and
landing on the floor.  Then she knelt and pulled off his shoes throwing them to
the floor as well, leaving Brett completely naked on the bed. 

Debbie climbed across his hips and started to kiss her husband passionately. 
"Yes, this is what I really need," she told herself as she started to feel
comfortable for the first time in days.

 The sense of his wife's nubile body pressing against his cock with only a thin
negligee in between started to have a powerful effect on Brett.  As he felt
himself start to relax even more he also started to feel that familiar twinge in
his crotch.

"Now, I have you where I need you," she said.  "Lie right there till this is
over. Let me do all the work," Debbie cooed in the deepest sexiest voice she
could muster.

"Look at my breasts," she requested.  "Gaze at them," she said.  "See their
shapely curve through the lace?  Admire my cleavage plunging down into the black
lace of my bra.   Would you like me to take off the bra?"

"Yes," Brett replied while feasting on his wife's beauty.

Laughing, she said, "I somehow knew you would."

She first slipped off the negligee, stretching her arms up languorously over her
head as she did so - taking her time.  Her firm breasts stood out from her body. 
Brett felt the first stirring in his cock as he watched her remove her bra and
cup each breast with her hands while tweaking her already hard nipples.  Debbie
continued to stare down at Brett as she did so.

"I'm having an effect," she chuckled.  She reached out and very gently caressed
his cock as he gazed up at her chest.  "Don't you want to suck on my tits?"
Brett felt himself start to grow - slowly, but it was definitely growing. 
However, he couldn't help but notice his heart rate slipping and started to feel
a little dizzy and disoriented.

Debbie then stood up, towering over her prone husband.  "Look at my legs," she
said.

"Gaze up and down them."  Brett did as he was told.  She slowly rotated around,
posing for him in a variety of fetching ways as he was allowed to look up at her
slender and shapely legs.  Teasingly, she removed the garter belts and the
stockings.  Brett couldn't believe how beautiful his wife was and how much he
wanted to make love to her.  But for some reason he found his mind drifting and
his eyes fought to stay open and focused.

"Man, look at how sexy she looks in her panties and heels standing over me,"
Brett thought to himself as he watched his loving wife try to seduce him.  With
the toe of one high-heeled shoe, she began to gently caress his balls.  He felt
his arousal grow, but for some reason he also felt very tired.

"Keep looking at my legs," she said.  Slowly, ever so slowly, she teased her
panties down her thighs, calves, over her shoes, and off.  She stood over him,
gorgeous, statuesque, in only her shoes.

"Look up and down my body.  Don't you like it?  Admire my long, slender legs. 
Take in my large titties, my erect nipples.  As I turn around for you, examine
the curve of my ass.  Don't you want to fuck me?" she inquired as she continued
to tease him.

Brett followed her instructions and drunk in her body in sequence.  He realized
that he was shivering with desire for her, but he couldn't seem to keep his eyes
open.

"Am I not beautiful and arousing to you?" she asked as she noticed his head
slowly bobbing up and down in time with his eyelids.

She glanced down at his cock, now fully erect.  "Someone wants me," she intoned
quietly.  She knelt down beside him and reached for that errant member.  With
one hand she gently kneaded his balls, while the other slipped gently,
sensuously, up and down his now engorged cock.  Brett felt his erection begin to
go from full to straining.  Seeing this Debbie smiled sweetly at him.

Brett couldn't understand what was happening to him.  His wife had turned him on
beyond belief, but all he could think about was going to sleep.  What both Brett
and Debbie don't know was that the glass she held to Brett's lips was another
spiked drink.  This time a strong sedative was now taking it's effect on Brett.

"Oh, so you do want me, I was beginning to worry," she said while she reached
between her legs and inserted two fingers in her shaved pussy.  Her fingertips
came out wet.  She held them under his nose - no mistaking that smell.  He
wondered when she had shaven, and why.

"Look at my face sweetheart," she said.  As they looked at each other, she
sensuously licked her hands thoroughly.  Her hands were themselves beautiful,
and the sight of her tongue flicking over and through them was erotic.  Brett
knew what was coming too; soon she returned to her massage of his penis.  The
huge increase in the sensation brought by the lubrication shot little bolts of
lightening through Brett's now straining body.

As she worked him over, she whispered to him how hot she was for him, and how
much she wanted to feel his cock inside her.  All the while her skilled hands
continued to slip over his cock, finding all the sweet spots on it, while also
caressing his balls and occasionally slipping between his ass cheeks.

She continued to work on his cock, and to whisper sweet dirty nothings in his
ear, and he began to buck around in response.  Brett could feel the desire
building in him, but at the same time he was slowly losing his battle to stay
awake.

After a little more petting, Debbie removed her hands and swiftly flung one leg
over Brett's crotch.  Her wet pussy landed on top of his huge erection. She slid
herself up

and down the front of his penis before sliding onto it in one swift motion.

Debbie threw her head back in victory before noticing that her loving husband
had fallen asleep.  She tried to wake him by shaking him and even went as far as
to slap him across his face.

She was in total shock.  How could her husband fall asleep while they were
making love?  Why did he have such a hard time gaining an erection?  He must not
find me attractive anymore she thought to herself.

Distraught and insulted at Brett's behavior, Debbie ran out of her bedroom in
tears.  "How could he do this to me?" she wondered.  "Am I not good enough for
him?  Is he tired of me?  What is wrong with me?" she continued to beat herself
up as she ran into the family room finding Stephanie waiting for her.

"Aunt Debbie, what's wrong?" Stephanie inquired as she put her arms around the
sobbing housewife.

Embarrassed and humiliated Debbie confided in Stephanie and told her everything
that happened.  Stephanie comforted Debbie and told her that since she is a fair
mistress and since her husband let her down miserably she will allow the sexual
release that she so desperately needed as she takes her hand and leads her
upstairs to her room.

Tears of frustration and anger continued to trickle down Debbie's cheek as she
was led into Stephanie's bedroom.

"Okay, Debbie, sweetheart, I want you to follow my directions and you will
forget all about Uncle Brett and his limp dick! Now get down on the floor,"
Stephanie instructed.  Debbie slowly lowered herself to her knees on to the
carpeted floor and awaited further instructions.

"Here you go Debbie, my little slut" Stephanie stated as she handed the confused
and bewildered housewife a large banana she had purchased at the store earlier
in the evening.

"Lets see you use that banana as you would a real cock sweetie since your
husband is such a limp dick!"  Stephanie said in a hurtful tone.

Debbie looked at her in bewilderment as all pride she had left her, "What do you
mean?" she asked.  Stephanie quickly retorted  "Go on, just like the slut you
are auntie Debbie, lay back and pretend that banana is a real man's cock . . .
suck it, lick it, caress it and then use it on yourself!"

Debbie's eyes showed signs of a few tears, "But Mistress Stephanie..." But
before she could

finish she was interrupted "Go on auntie Debbie . . . or else!" Stephanie
barked.

She slowly laid her back down onto the carpeted floor and moved the large yellow
banana up to her lips.  Closing her eyes in humiliation she slowly began sucking
the banana just as she would if it were Brett's cock.

As she began giving simulated oral sex to the banana, Stephanie started giving
her instructions as to what she wanted to see.

"Okay auntie slut . . . reach down and play with your pussy as you suck it!" 
With hesitation and a moan Debbie did as demanded. Lying with her eyes shut she
began to lose control of what was left of her dignity.  Which was exactly what
Stephanie wanted.

"I want to see you take it all in your mouth honey, I want to see your lips
completely around that yellow cock!" She added with a chuckle. Debbie tilted her
head back and moaning with both hands on the surrogate cock worked it farther
and farther down her throat and was able to comply to his bizarre demand . . .
as the whole banana's diameter was somehow slipped between her immensely
stretched lips only two to three inches remained.

"Insert a couple of fingers into that pussy auntie slut . . . get it wet for the
banana," Stephanie added before continuing, "Yeah that's it, all the way in
...doesn't it feel good Debbie?" she continued as she watched the older woman do
as she wished. Debbie was now oblivious to her rude comments and was in a world
of her own sexual bliss, although it did seem she nodded an agreement to her
statement as she continued her choreographed movements. Debbie had her two hands
between her legs rubbing herself furiously

with a banana shoved in her mouth.

"Now auntie slut . . .I want you to move the banana down to that hot little
pussy" she instructed next  "You know you want to feel it inside of you.  Just
like a real man's cock would feel!"  Stephanie watched intently as the normally
shy housewife obediently pulled the banana from her mouth and moved the large
oblong object downward until it rested between her outstretched legs.  After
rubbing it around the outside of her vagina several times, the yellow skin of
the banana was already coated with her juices . . . it was shortly thereafter
that she began gingerly inserting the cock like item inward.

"Ohhhh .... Oh my God!"  She moaned as it began its entrance into her.  With
both hands on the banana, Debbie began a slow but continual in and out movement
. . . inching a

little more of the banana in with each thrust.  Stephanie then kneeled down next
to her slave and began squeezing her 36D tits to help further arouse her
playmate.

"Ohhh yessss!"  Debbie cried out as Stephanie roughly squeezed her mounds of
flesh, periodically pinching her nipples between her thumb and forefinger.  "You
naughty little slut, you really enjoy all this attention!  Don't you auntie
slut?" Stephanie said . . . sounding more as a statement than a posing a
question.

Convinced that it was time to take her slave to the next level of her kinky
escapades, Stephanie walked over to a grocery bag sitting on the bed and pulled
out a cucumber.  "Okay auntie Debbie my sweet little slut, I want to see you
deep throat this cucumber as you continue fucking yourself with the banana!"

The poor housewife was now completely under Stephanie's control; between the
incrementing videotape, her impotent husband, and her dominating techniques
Debbie was a helpless victim as she continued her crude sex show as she searched
for the release that had eluded her all day.  She continued to work the banana
with her one hand on her pussy while using the other to move the cucumber in and
out of her mouth.

It was about this point that Debbie noticed the flash of light.  She twisted
around best as she could, to her surprise there was Amber peeking through the
closet door.  She had the camcorder pointed towards where Debbie was laying on
the floor.  However, she so needed to orgasm that she shut her eyes closed and
continued to pound her hungry pussy with the giant banana while Amber continued
to film the action within the room.  At this point the two sisters started
laughing.

Debbie was incapable of stopping and could only look directly at the camera and
then roll her eyes into the back of her head as her moans increased in length as
a powerful orgasm began.

Stephanie continued with her harassment of her aunt, "Now tell me truthfully
auntie Debbie, do you like performing for the camera?"

Completely lost in her lust every trace of respectability gone with a little
coaxing Debbie responded "Yes . . . Yes, I love it!" Amber continued to record
the lurid scone on her camcorder.

"Yes I thought so slut!"  Stephanie gleefully continued, "You enjoy performing,
you enjoy doing these humiliating little stunts for us . . . you enjoy being
degraded being a slut, don't you auntie Debbie?"

"Yes! Yes!  I love pleasing you and Mistress Amber . . . I'll do anything you
want.  I......I'm your slut!" Debbie cried out as she obviously succumbed to a
powerful orgasm with the banana. Stephanie was virtually wetting her chops with
anticipation of what she might do next with the submissive housewife.

The orgasm that Debbie experiences is so intense after the long day of teasing
and torment that it causes her to faint.

Meanwhile, Brett continued to snore away in the downstairs bedroom as his wife
laid on the floor with a large banana still embedded in her stretched pussy.

To be continued... If you have any story line ideas for future chapters, or
would like to comment on the story please e-mail me at wifefantasy@hotmail.com.




Housewife's Awakening

(MF, F+/F, wife, reluctant, humiliation, spanking, toys)

If you enjoy this story please e-mail me at wifefantasy@hotmail.com to let me
know.  If you have an idea for how this story should continue, please let me
know and I will work it into one of the upcoming chapters.

Author's note: Parts of this chapter were written by cg.  Thank you!

Chapter Seven - The Morning After

The only sound at the kitchen table was Stephanie and Amber talking and the
sound of Debbie moving around the table placing dishes in front of the 3 seated
occupants, Stephanie, Amber and Brett. 

Stephanie leaned towards Brett and whispered in his ear, "You had better go
along with us this morning.  Or else your poor little wife will find out how
much you like cocks spurting spunk all over your pretty little face."

Brett could not believe the position that he was in.  How could this of
happened?  He couldn't let his wife find out about last night.  It would destroy
her and absolutely ruin him.  Even if it meant swallowing his pride and becoming
a play toy to these two girls he would have to do whatever was required to hide
what had happened from his wife. He hated to admit it to himself, but he
realized that in order to save his reputation he would have to submit to the
demands of his nieces.  He couldn't believe the way Debbie had come down to
breakfast - in too tight pink spandex boy-shorts and a tiny cropped tee, her
hair up in pig tails.  She looked just like Stephanie and Amber, a teenie sexpot
wet dream.

While Brett tried to resolve his impossible quandary Debbie continued laying out
the table.  On reaching her husband's place at the table, Debbie was met with
utter silence.  Why didn't he want her last night?  Why didn't he pay attention
to her now?  Debbie wanted to say something, say anything, to the seated figure
who was staring straight ahead.  What she didn't know was that he was too
humiliated at the events that transpired during the previous evening to even
look at her.

Debbie's emotions were different than his, she still seethed with a mixture of
anger and hurt at the way Brett had rejected her the previous evening.  At
Stephanie and Amber's behest she had dressed herself in the sexiest, flimsiest
nightwear she possessed and then set about flaunting and teasing her husband so
that they could have 30 minutes of wild lovemaking.  Debbie thought that 30
minutes would set her free from the increasing strengthening hold her nieces
held over her as well as a reaffirmation of her and Brett's relationship.  But
no!  He'd rejected her, worse he had ignored her while slipping into deep sleep. 
It seemed impossible to believe.  With that experience (and her following wanton
behavior) still fresh in her mind she dismissively dropped a plate in front of
her mute husband, then as she approached her nieces, her emotions performed a
flip flop.  From the simmering anger to something else, a mixture of fear,
trepidation, and she was ashamed to admit to herself, excitement.

"Good morning, Auntie" Amber said as her face barely concealed an evil grin as
Debbie stood between her and her older sister.

Debbie mumbled a response.  "I didn't hear you, Auntie.  I said good morning,"
Amber repeated.  Debbie's pulse rate was beginning to rise again.  She leaned
forward to nervously place a plate in front of Amber and then froze.

Debbie felt a hand on her calf, gripping her soft flesh before stroking in an up
and down motion.  She let her hands fall to her sides, arched her back and let
her breasts jut out.  It was Stephanie, or as she now automatically thought,
Mistress Stephanie, whose hand was touching her.  With a big smile and perky
upbeat tone the housewife dressed like a hot-to-trot teen replied, "Oh, good
morning Miss Amber!"

"Auntie Debbie, last night we were talking with Uncle Brett about his upcoming
birthday," Stephanie smugly said before continuing, "And we asked him what he
wanted and he told us that all he wanted was you."

"How sweet," Amber cooed, "He must really love you."

"So we asked him if he would like some sexy pictures of his beautiful wife for
his birthday and the poor boy looked like a kid in a candy store.  So for his
birthday present we are going to take you to a friend of ours tonight, who is a
great photographer, to get some really sexy shots for Uncle Brett's birthday
present."  Stephanie informed her aunt.

"He even asked us if he could come and watch as long as he didn't get in the
way.  I think the little horn dog really gets off on the idea of you posing all
sexy and stuff," Amber said while giggling.

"Brett, is this true?" Debbie asked not believing what she was hearing.

As Brett raised his head to answer he felt a strong hand cup his balls
underneath the table and give a painful squeeze as his brow suddenly began to
sweat as the hand held him.  "Y-Yes, if you think you could do it, it would be,
uh, great," he managed to stammer before sighing in relief as the grip on his
balls began to release.

Debbie couldn't believe what she was hearing.  Why would her husband who had
shown so little interest in her last night want sexy pictures of her for his
birthday?  Besides, she would never be able to pose for sexy shots in front of a
stranger in front of her husband.

But before Debbie could say anything Stephanie shot out, "Oh Uncle Brett, don't
be silly.  Of course your loving wife would love to have her picture taken for
you, wouldn't you auntie?"

"Sure, anything you want sweetheart." Debbie answered unsure of herself, but not
wanting to anger her mistress.  She saw Mistress Stephanie's warning glance. 
"Uh...I would, like totally, love to pose for lots and lots of sexy pictures for
you."  The teen babble, like the new clothes, where all part of the new image
that the girls had picked for her.

"Another thing Uncle Brett, Amber and I were talking yesterday and were saying
how inconvenient it must be for Auntie Debbie to go all the way into town to
attend her conditioning gym.  It would be so much better if Debbie could do all
her conditioning at home," Stephanie informed her uncle.

Brett remained silent for a moment before mumbling a 'guess so' before picking
up his breakfast.  He scarcely noticed his wife breathing heavily as she stood
still between her two nieces.

"We're so glad to hear that.  Aren't we Amber?"

"Sure, great news," answered Amber as her own hand joined her sister's in
creeping up Debbie's luscious legs.  The harassed housewife was by now feeling
herself being sucked into her niece's nightmarish plans.  The hands were silkily
running up and down her legs, getting closer and closer to her pussy.  Her own
hands were tightly gripping the plate as she could feel the lust starting to
gather within her.

"Yeah, glad you think so Uncle Brett, because we thought you ought to build a
conditioning gym here at the house and the only place would in your garage and
utility room."

For a moment a shaft of the old Brett emerged, the garage and utility room was
where he went to relax...his car and tools filled the garage, and there was his
sports trophies and pool table in the utility room. Where would he put his
stuff?  The answer would have to be no!  But then he recalled the hold the two
girls had over him...and he couldn't disappoint his wife.  Not after the way he
had treated her.  He was in a nightmarish situation, he could feel a sense of
panic rise within himself.  He had to escape from the presence of these two evil
girls as soon as possible.  He sprung to his feet and bolted for the
door...after agreeing to the girl's plans.

"Sweetness, I love you and will see you tonight," Brett offered as he hurried
out of the kitchen.



"Not even a good-bye kiss," Debbie lamented as she heard a door slam shut as her
husband disappeared.

"What have I done to deserve this?"  She thought even as the hands were now
freely running up and down her legs.

"Well, auntie slut.  Hubby has disappeared and left you to us," said Amber as
she rose to her feet and stood to one side of Debbie.  Debbie felt her pulse
starting to race, the rate rising even more as Stephanie stood to the other side
of her.  Both girls were crowding her, threatening her with their closeness.

"We need to prepare you," said Stephanie in a matter of fact tone of voice.

"What do you mean by..." Debbie's words were cut off as Stephanie's hands
quickly ripped the too tight boy-shorts down and off Debbie's legs before
throwing it into the corner of the kitchen.  Amber then grabbed the skin-tight
tee and yanked it over the shocked housewife's head.  The two girls were
undressing her.  She would soon be naked.  But Debbie discovered she would be
more than naked.  Amber appeared holding a pair of shoes, a simple affair
really, a strap across her delicate toes and a loop around her ankle, and a
click.  Debbie looked down and saw that a small padlock was being shut!  The
shoes were being locked onto her.  And the heels, they must have been at least 5
inches high!  It felt like she was standing on stilts and it was only the fact
that the girls had forced her into higher and higher heels during the preceding
days that Debbie was now able to just about maintain her balance.

But there was more.

Amber was standing behind her and reaching forward.  Debbie saw a black leather
object.  It was a collar, just like the one Stephanie had forced her into when
she was whipped.  Maybe it was the memory of the whipping, but Debbie found
herself mutely accepting as the collar was placed around her slender neck, her
stomach feeling strangely empty as she heard the click of another lock snapping
shut and Stephanie attaching a leash to the front of the collar.  The only sound
in the kitchen at that moment was Debbie's weak whimpers, which didn't cease as
Stephanie and Amber moved away a few inches.

"Why...W-What...are you doing," Debbie managed to stutter as her slender fingers
reached up and tenderly felt the collar's rough surface.

"We're giving you a taste of what it'll be like if you lose the wager," Amber
giggled.

The wager!  She had forgotten about the stupid wager.

"If you don't come up with the money this is part of what you'll be doing," said
Amber, "We'll keep you naked of course.  Sometimes we'll permit you to wear
revealing costumes, but it is custom to keep slaves naked."

Debbie could scarcely believe her ears as she looked around at both Stephanie
and Amber and saw the deadly stern look on their faces.  They were being
serious!

"Of course you'll experience other things typical of slaves.  Constant
humiliation; punished for insolence, punished for our amusement," Debbie could
hardly believe her ears as Stephanie continued.

"Let me see," said Stephanie.  "There's also the bondage.  Confinement as well,
you'll be housed in a nice little cage, it won't be as comfortable as your nice
fluffy bed but as a slave you'll learn that your needs and comfort no longer
count."

By now Debbie's head felt dizzy as she listened to the other things her nieces
were planning for her and wasn't aware of Stephanie fixing a chain leash to the
front of the collar encircling her slim neck.  She could feel all her previous
life as an independent woman with a loving family being left behind for
something she couldn't comprehend.

"Y-Your trying to frighten me," Debbie managed to stutter.  "No one...I won't."

"You won't what auntie slut?"  Said Stephanie as she wound the leash around her
hand.  "Your thinking that you're an independent, emancipated woman."

"That isn't true, is it?  After all, you're wearing high heels to emphasis the
curvaceousness of your legs because I choose for you to.  You are collared and
leashed because I choose.  You're naked because I choose to show off your
luscious body," Stephanie proudly informed the mute housewife.  " Slaves are too
stupid to think for themselves.  That is why they need a strong individual to
control them and their lives."

Debbie thought Stephanie was losing her mind or joking but the bland look on her
nieces' face spoke of a deadly seriousness.  And Stephanie's words resonated
within the trembling housewife as she realized that she was as her niece said. 
The locks on her extraordinary high heels and the collar on her neck were
symbolic of the hold the two girls had on her.

"Now," said Stephanie who stepped away from Debbie, "Wandering hands cause
trouble so like the good slave-girl you want to be, I want you to place your
hands at the nape of your neck and make sure you thrust your chest out as you do
so."

Debbie hesitated.  Surely not, she thought, but Stephanie's expression remained
unchanged.  Debbie pleadingly looked up at Stephanie and then at Amber behind
her, but both girls remained unmoved.  I can't, she said to herself, it will be
so humiliating...And so slave like shed realized.  Her mind and emotions were in
turmoil at what the two young women were commanding her to do.

"Any longer and I'll take that as being an act of insolence.  You know what that
means."  Stephanie said with building anger in her voice.

Debbie knew that too well.  She had already had a light whipping, and there was
the episode when she had been spanked..."  She recalled the humiliation, and the
pain!  Debbie could feel her already diminished reserves of courage and
resistance ebbing away.  Hating her own weakness she felt herself succumbing and
trying to restrain her sobs she found herself doing as Stephanie wished and
lifting her hands so that her slender fingers knitted at the nape of her neck
causing her luscious breasts to stick out obscenely.

"Very good.  Remember slaves don't decide, they just do."  Stephanie said as she
admired her aunt's supple body.

It may be an ordeal for Debbie but Stephanie and Amber seem to scarcely
acknowledge Debbie's act of submission.  But unknown to the blonde haired woman,
her two nieces exchanged glances of triumph.  Their beautiful aunt had taken
another step in her enslavement.  The woman stood in her submissive pose, her
big breasts rising and falling reflecting her inner turmoil.  But even as they
felt the thrill of dominating another, they could see from the heaving breasts
to the unconscious parting of Debbie's full lips that their aunt's newly
unearthed submissive drives were in turn being stimulated.

"That's better isn't it," Stephanie said to Debbie.  The condescension in her
niece's voice was as wounding as her own shameful submission.  And to add to her
humiliated emotions she watched as Stephanie slowly lifted a chain.  "I'm about
to attach a leash to you.  Then it's quite simple for you.  You move when I
move.  You wait for the leash to tighten and then follow me just like my little
pet.  Have you got that?"

Her words were robbed from her voice.  Rational thought was rapidly disappearing
from her.  Leaving in its place, a torrent of emotions.  And she couldn't quite
admit it to herself, but one of the emotions was a masochistic excitement.

"Ooowwww," Debbie was brought back by her right buttock being painfully pinched
by Amber.  "Mistress Stephanie asked you a question slave," Amber said from
behind her.  For a moment Debbie's hazel eyes nervously glanced behind her and
then back to the dominating figure of Stephanie.

"Y-Yes...Mistress," Debbie managed to stutter.  The two girls glanced at each
other again.  Debbie had taken another falteringly step down the road of her
enslavement.  She had responded as required, and as required, kept her hands at
the nape of her neck.  And of course, deep down Debbie was aware of this.

"That's better," Amber said patting Debbie's ass.  Instinctively her bottom
clenched at the sensation of the hand which not only remained on her, but began
a sensuous massage of the soft flesh of her round ass.  Debbie felt her pulse
racing, not only from the indignity being heaped on her, but more alarmingly,
from the sensuous sensations starting to ripple over her as the hand began to
proprietarily roam over her bottom, pressing and exploring.  Debbie looked
behind her as if to say 'stop that this moment!' but she couldn't, there was the
threat and pressure.  And the caresses were making her aware of her growing
arousal.  Debbie's attention was dragged away from what was happening to her
rear by Stephanie's hand gripping her chin and turning her face towards her. 
Stephanie held Debbie's chin then lifted and tilted her head so that she was
looking up at the ceiling.  Stephanie then began the process of attaching the
leash to Debbie's collar.  Stephanie was going to draw out this process.  It
would be good for Debbie's self-esteem, in the sense that she would continue to
reduce her aunt's self-confidence from the once proud and emancipated woman to
that of a slave girl dependant on her owner.

And Stephanie was proving successful.  Debbie was inwardly quivering, she felt
little better than an animal, no even that wasn't true, she realized that her
fate if she would lose the wager would be that lower than an animal.  The
fingers at her throat slowly attached the leash.  Stephanie continued to tell
her what awaited her.  Amber's hands were creating more sensations, wonderful
sensations, as they traversed over her body, working her ass flesh before
travelling along the side of her rib cage.  Debbie realized that she was being
sucked into a whirlpool of submissive sexual pleasure.  She couldn't prevent
herself from closing her eyes and savoring Amber's working hands.

"Mistress, Mistress Amber...," she sighed.  In front of her she heard Stephanie
continue to tell her terrible things which only seemed to fuel the flaring of
masochistic fires lit by her nieces.  At last the fingers finished their work
and she was allowed to drop her head.  The chain snaked from beneath her and was
held by Mistress Stephanie.

"We're going to continue with your slave training session for now.  However,
later on we will have you prettied up.  After all, we want you to look your best
for your photo shoot."

Debbie desperately tried to regain some control of what was happening and what
her nieces were planing for her.

"Mistress', I have to go to the club tonight.  I can't spend the evening getting
photo's taken because I have to earn money." Debbie whimpered.  She couldn't
believe that she was actually asking to go back to that aweful place how her
perceptions had altered.  She had to earn enough money to win the wager and time
was starting to run out.  And she was discovering what would happen to her if
she should fail.

Stephanie and Amber looked at each other and smiled before Stephanie informed
her aunt, "Don't worry auntie slut, the photographer that we are going to see
tonight has agreed to pay you a $300 modeling fee."

"Gee, our little slut is actually going to be a professional model.  Can you
believe it?" Amber said excitedly.

Debbie looked around at both Stephanie and Amber and saw the deadly serious look
on their faces.  They were being serious.

"Now if you lose the wager, we'll show off that hot body of yours," added Amber
who ceased her bewitching caresses and calmly reached around Debbie and gripped
the naked housewife's breasts and squeezed the mounds together to produce a
tight cleavage between the fleshly melons.  "The babe with the biggest knockers
in town will be showing them off," Amber whispered into Debbie's ear.  Debbie
gasped partly out of the crude description of her body and partly at the flaring
pleasure as Amber's hands expertly played with her breasts.  The fingers pressed
so firmly into her big breasts that her breast flesh welled up between Amber's
fingers.  Amber's fierce manipulation continued for a minute before the young
woman released Debbie who found herself secretly longing for the continuation of
the caresses.  Breasts heaving Debbie watched as Stephanie handed control of the
leash to Amber who began to walk towards the kitchen door.

Amber tugged on Debbie's leash pulling her down the hallway into the garage. 
Debbie nearly stumbled in her teetering heels as she followed, still with her
delicate fingers knitted at the nape of her neck.  "Stephanie, go ahead and make
arrangements for tonight.  I will teach our stupid little bitch how to walk like
a true slut so that she doesn't embarrass us tonight."

Mistress Amber led her demoralized aunt into the garage while tugging on her
leash.  Debbie immediately noticed the yellow line that had been spray painted
down the middle of the garage floor.

"In time this will be converted into a full blown training room where you will
be taught the arts of submission, but for now we have to make do with what we've
got."

"Now, tonight is very important for you auntie slut.  We have arranged for a
very important photographer to take pictures of you.  If you cooperate and
follow directions to the letter you will earn $300 towards the bet.  Meanwhile,
you will also be doing something that will bring great pleasure to your loving
husband.  Now, how can you beat that?" Amber teased her aunt as she pulled her
to one end of the straight yellow line, noting appreciatively how her aunt's
lush body wobbled so enticingly.

"Mistress Amber, just how sexy are these photo's going to be?" Debbie meekly
inquired.

"Don't worry your stupid little head about that.  Your husband will be there
watching and the photographer will only go as far as he wishes.  After all, the
pictures are his birthday present," Amber answered.

Brett wouldn't let things get too carried away.  Debbie was greatly comforted by
this knowledge.  This might not be too bad after all.  She could earn a large
sum of money towards earning her freedom while doing something that might get
her husband's interest.

"See the yellow streak painted on the floor.  You are to walk up and down making
sure that on each step your shoe lands on the streak.  You must also make sure
to suck in your tummy and push out your breasts as far as possible.  This is
your new slut walk.  You are to walk this way at all times in the future.  If at
anytime you fail to walk in the most alluring and inviting way possible you will
be punished."  Amber said as she  demonstrated Debbie's new walk.

Debbie watched her mistress as her feet crossed over each other while her tight
young ass swayed back and forth.  She couldn't help notice that her young niece
had developed into a strikingly beautiful young woman.

"Now it's your turn." Amber ordered as she pulled her aunt up to the yellow
streak by her collar before removing the leash.

Debbie slowly lifted her right foot and placed it a few inches in front of her
left foot crossing over it and being very careful to come down on the streak. 
She had seen models adopt this stride pattern on the catwalk but of course they
weren't dressed like her in nothing but a pair of teetering high heels and a
collar.  When she did this she noticed that her hips swayed lewdly causing her
to give the appearance of a cat in heat.  She then lifted her left foot and
followed the same procedure.

Smack!

"Ouch!" Debbie nearly fell over from the force of the blow to her ass.  "I told
you to stick your chest out you stupid bitch!  Can't you remember anything?"
Amber scolded the shocked housewife.  "Now, do it again and do it right!"

Debbie steadied herself and continued.  She made sure to sway her hips as
invitingly as possible while sucking air into her stomach causing her breasts to
stick out obscenely.

"Very good, auntie slut.  Now I want you to continue practicing while I go and
get dressed for the day." Amber said as she entered left the garage leaving the
poor housewife to perfect her new slut walk.

************************************************************************



"What the hell are you doing????" Mistress Amber screamed as she reentered the
garage. "I didn't tell you to stop." She had this disgusted look on her face
that told Debbie that she had better not cross her.

"I'm very sorry Mistress Amber," she said with eyes downcast. "I just stopped
for a moment to catch my breath.  And my feet ached from these shoes."

Mistress Amber sort of huffed and said. "All right, all right, I guess you've
had enough for this morning.  Now, what should I do with my little auntie slut
who can't follow directions?"

Suddenly Debbie felt weak and helpless as her teenage niece pondered her next
move.  Debbie felt like her mistress was looking right through her as she
sported a devilish grin.

Amber always found it especially exciting to dominate other women - to boss them 
around and make them do her bidding. "This is great fun, ...and really hot. And
for whatever reason, I especially enjoy putting little blonde 'cuties' through
their paces, especially older ones like you auntie slut," she teased her aunt as
she slid her hand along her aunt's curvaceous outstretched ass.

Debbie was getting more and more nervous. This sounded strange, even dangerous
coming from her 18 year-old niece. But she also found herself again getting a
little excited by this talk.  And the earlier submissive urges flared up as the
leash was methodically attached to her collar.

"Okay. First off, come here and kneel at my feet." Amber's voice was harsh.
Debbie hesitated momentarily before feeling her mistress tug on her leash.  Her
stomach felt empty as she dropped to her knees at the feet of Amber who smiled
to herself as she saw her aunt automatically knit her hands at the nape of her
neck.  Auntie Debbie was slipping nicely into the fate she and Stephanie had in
mind for their beautiful relative.

After she was satisfied with her kneeling position Mistress Amber pulled Debbie
to her feet by her leash. Debbie just stood there, looking at her, waiting for
the next command.

As she continued to stand at attention, she felt like a little girl who was
about to be punished. She knew then that this was the point - to humiliate her.

"Turn around and touch your toes without bending your knees" Amber said next. 
Debbie dutifully obeyed, displaying her exposed buttocks for her mistress aware
how the flesh of her heavy tits lolled freely beneath her.  "Nice," Amber said
in a tone of lustful expectation.  Debbie was flushed with nervousness and a
strange anticipation as she strained to maintain her balance in the strained
position.  Then snapping the leash Amber forced Debbie to stand up straight
before her.

"Did you eat any pussy yesterday, slut?" Amber said with a nasty smirk.  "Well,
that's definitely going to change today." She laughed to herself as she said
this. "But you want to today, don't you, slut?"

The tone of the conversation was beginning to change.  "Well, I,..." Debbie
stammered.

"I SAID you want to, don't you!"

Taking the hint, Debbie responded in a low voice, "Yes, I want to eat some pussy
today Mistress Amber." The white globes of her breasts beginning to anxiously
heave up and down once again, she could feel her face redden with embarrassment
again.

"Whose pussy do you want to eat, auntie slut?"

"I want to eat your pussy, Mistress Amber." This brought a grin from her
tormentor.  Amber seemed to really like the verbal degradation as well as the
acts themselves.

Now she came up very close to Debbie, looking her straight in the eyes and
saying, very deliberately "Yes, you're going to. You're going to eat my pussy
for a long time.  You're going to eat me out; you're going to be my little
cunt-sucker, and anything else I want from you. I'm going to make sure you never
forget the taste of me in your mouth."

Debbie could see that Mistress Amber was getting herself excited with her own
words. Her breathing seemed shorter, and there was an intense look in her blue
eyes as she described her fate. It was contagious, too. Debbie was getting
turned on as well by her dirty talk.

"Okay, now get back on your knees," Amber said forcing Debbie to the floor so
that the naked woman rested her broad buttocks on her heels.

"I have nice legs, don't you think? Show me how you like my legs."  Snapping the
leash so that Debbie was drawn forward by the pull on her collar.  Debbie was
being dominated and controlled by her niece.

Debbie was surprised at how pale her mistress' skin was, considering the
climate, but she assumed she was naturally fair-skinned. She did have nice legs.
Her calves were a little thin, but as she looked at those alabaster thighs under
her miniskirt, she could feel herself becoming aroused. She ran her hands gently
over the smooth skin of Amber's calves and thighs, then placed a soft kiss on
the inside of one knee. Her mistress said nothing controlling by gently tugging
o the leash.  Debbie, continued to kiss her legs all over, swirling her tongue
for additional stimulation.

After a few minutes Amber told her to stop.  Debbie knelt at her nieces feet
while Amber's hands reached for her waist to undo her miniskirt. She slowly
lowered it, revealing a light blue thong, through which Debbie could see the
shadow of her shaved pubic mound. Her top came off next, and Debbie was
surprised by the size of her breasts.  They were fuller than she had remembered,
very nicely shaped. Her nipples were already erect. At last, Amber stood before
her cowering aunt clad only in her pretty little panties. Debbie could feel the
dampness between her own legs as she looked at her and thought about what she
was about to do.

Mistress Amber stood Debbie up and took her hands in hers. "Here," she said,
putting her hands on her breasts. It thrilled Debbie to feel her breasts, soft
and full and firm, in the palms of her hands. Without being asked, she lowered
her head to take each pert, erect nipple into her mouth.  They felt very hot as
she squeezed them with her lips and

sucked them deep, taking some of the soft milky flesh as well. Mistress Amber
sighed in response. She was really beginning to enjoy this.

Amber led her quivering aunt by tugging on the chain leash, over to a work bench
and told Debbie to kneel down in front of her, then Amber slowly worked the
tight collar so that the leash was now at the rear of Debbie's slender neck.
"Take my panties off," she said, almost in a whisper. Debbie's hands shook
slightly as she reached for the waistband of her panties. She raised her hips
slightly to let Debbie pull them down. Amber took the wet crotch of her panties
and pushed it into Debbie's mouth.  Debbie sucked on her offering, getting her
first taste of her since being enslaved.  She heard her mistress murmur, "Oh,
this 'is' going to be so good."

Now Debbie looked directly at Mistress Amber's shaved pussy. Staring directly at
the dazed housewife was the puffy mound of her two large lips. In the middle was
her slit, with her smaller lips slightly visible in between. She looked wet.

"Well, how does it look, huh? Are you getting hot looking at me, thinking about
this?"  Amber teased.

Debbie couldn't believe how hot she was getting.  This was her niece after all. 
She shouldn't be having these feelings.  She shouldn't be doing this.  But her
body was starting to betray her as she started rubbing her legs together and
said, "Uhhh huuhh, Mistress Amber".

"Think about it, whore. Think about how you're going to eat me, about how hot it
will feel against your sluttly little face." Amber was silent for a minute while
Debbie soaked in the view. Then she said, "Oooh, auntie slut, I'm getting hot
making you do this. Can you see me getting wet?"  Debbie saw that her niece's
pussy was starting to swell and open up. The smaller lips were protruded more
now.  There was noticeable wetness between her legs. She clearly enjoyed the
dominant role.

"Now taste it."  Amber ordered as she pulled Debbie's head by the chain leash,
in closer to her quivering cunt.

She gazed at her mistress' pussy, then looked up at her.  Mistress Amber said,
"That's a good slave. Do it slut. Show me how much you want to taste it." She
hauled on the leash and forced her aunt's head towards her pussy.  Debbie just
knelt there staring at the puffy lips, her breath coming faster as she
contemplated what she was being told to do..

"Come on, Debbie. You know you want to. I can see the look in your eyes. You're
getting horny as you think about eating my pussy." Mistress Amber's words
embarrassed Debbie, humiliated her, but she realized she didn't have a choice in
the matter. But what confused her was that she couldn't believe how very, very
horny she was becoming.

Breathing heavily, Debbie took her finger, worked it gently into her nieces'
slit, and then put it in her mouth. Her juices tasted better than she expected.
She rubbed her finger up and down Amber's slit some more. "Mmmh, ooh... aaagh.
Come on now. Do me." Mistress Amber said. Then Debbie stuck her finger deep
inside her, down where the source of her cream was. Again, she put it to her
mouth, taking her whole finger and sucking on it.  She liked the taste of her,
and the position she was in.. she licked her finger off and looked up at her
mistress, while her own pussy clenched down and her hips and thighs started
grinding together.

"Mmmmh. You like it, don't you slut?" Amber teased. "Now, kiss me down there." A
chill ran through Debbie as she couldn't believe her building lust. "You liked
how your finger tasted, auntie slut. Go ahead. There's more where that came
from. You like my pussy juice, don't you, whore?  Look how wet you've made me
down there. If you keep it up, I have a little surprise for you." Debbie wasn't
sure what she meant, but by now she was totally out of control, and a gentle tug
of the leash made her move her beautiful face between Amber's parted thighs.

"Oooh, Oooh, Oh God", Amber moaned. "Do it now you filthy whore!" Debbie then
quickly dove between her nieces' outstretched legs.

Amber reached down with both hands and grabbed her long, blonde hair. This got
Debbie even more aroused, and she trembled and moaned shamelessly "Just as I
thought.

Can't get enough, can you, pussy slut. Come on, kiss my cunt, slave. And play
with yourself while you do it."  She couldn't help herself any more. Her
mistress' order to "kiss my cunt" seemed so dirty and decadent. "Cunt" was a
term Debbie never used herself, but she seemed to enjoy the sound of it, and at
that moment, it turned her on as well. Highly aroused, she leaned over between
Amber's legs and kissed her clit, at the same time moving her own hand between
her own quivering legs.

Debbie's lips and tongue were wet and hot, as they made contact with Amber's
cunt. She pulled her mistress' lips open with her fingers, and started sucking
her clit and licking up and down.

"Ooooh. Oooh God, baby. Oh, I forgot how hot this can get me. Oh God, I love
this.  Here...here is, all for you...ohhhh." Amber pulled her knees to her chest
opening herself completely for her slave, her new pussy lover. Debbie clamped
her lips over Amber's teenage pussy and tongue reamed her, in and out. Amber
bucked up and down, but her mouth stayed right there embedded in her ecstatic
cunt.

"Oooooh, yeah!!!. Do me! Suck my cunt! Fuck it with your tongue. Oooh you're
good. Here it comes, you little bitch. I can't hold it. Aaaaahhhhh!" Amber
exploded, and then gave Debbie her "surprise": Amber was a "gusher", a female
ejaculator.  As her hips bucked with pleasure, Debbie could feel spurts of thin
vaginal fluids shoot from her pussy and into her eager mouth.

"MMmmhhh".  She swallowed her mistress' cum, cleaning her with her tongue until
she had served all the cum she had into her mouth. As she looked up, cheeks
flushed and wet, she saw a look of animal passion on Amber's pretty young face,
and she knew she wasn't finished with her yet.

"Oooh, yeah" said Mistress Amber, "that's it. More!!!"  As she tugged on the
leash and forced the kneeling woman's face back between her thighs.  Debbie put
her tongue out, and licked again. It tasted so good, felt so erotic to the once
shy housewife. Once she started, it was too much, and she couldn't stop. She had
never tasted anything so exciting.  She tongued Amber's pussy lovingly from top
to bottom, while she leaked cream onto her loving tongue.

Amber moaned, "God, you are something. "Get on your back. I want to sit on your
face," she said.

They moved to the garage floor, and Debbie obeyed her mistress and laid down on
the cold cement floor. Amber moved over her. Debbie then grabbed her hips with
her hands and pulled her pussy tightly onto her awaiting mouth, ravenous for her
mistress. "Ooooh

yes. Do me.. Aaaah. Stick your nasty tongue way inside my dripping cunt."

She rode her aunt's face for a long time. When she got really excited, she'd
push her hips down as hard as she could, vibrating them and mashing her head
into the floor, all the while keeping her eyes locked on her slave's wide eyes. 
Debbie felt engulfed in her heat, her whole lower face inside this young woman's
wet lips, her own hand was busily working her own pussy.

"Ooohh, you're doing it," she moaned. "Oooh, God, this is too much. I'm going to
come in your mouth again. Do you want it in your mouth?" Amber asked as she
continued to buck and grind her hips into Debbie's face.

"Mmmmph, Mmmm." Debbie's hand worked harder between her own legs while she
continued eating her mistress.

"Oooh. You want my cum? Oooh, yes. Oooh it's coming soon. I can't hold it much
longer" moaned Amber.

Amber groaned, " Here goes. Aaaagh, my God, oh you're good. Oh god, it's coming.
Oh I can feel it".

As Amber came, Debbie clamped her whole mouth around her niece's pussy and put
her tongue inside. Her tongue reached deep inside her, and Amber started cumming
violently.

She sucked and swallowed all of her mistress' juices. She could feel Amber's
cunt clamping up on her tongue as she gratefully drank all she had to offer.

"Oh, God, you little cum sucker. Ooooh, that was good.  Come here you horny
little slut. Debbie gently tongued Amber's clit. Amber looked down at her slave,
enjoying the

sight of her face between her legs, shiny with her sexy fluids.

Amber moved a little farther.  Debbie was on her back as she saw Amber's anus
being moved down past her nose to rest at her mouth.  Debbie could hardly
comprehend...didn't want to comprehend what Amber wanted, by she knew that Amber
would make her do it...she was nothing but a slave...and a slave pleased her
mistress no matter what.  The thought fuelled the masochistic fire now raging
within her and she found herself reaching out with her soft tongue towards
Amber, rubbing and rimming her niece's asshole. Amber moaned.  "Ooohhh, that's
hot. That feels so good auntie slut. Do it some more". Debbie got really hot,
too, realizing what she was doing. This was something she had not even
contemplated before, utterly excitingly disgusting.

Amber steadied herself now, resting her ass right over her outstretched tongue.
"Okay, bitch, you little cunt slut. Lick my asshole. Mmmhhhh. Oooohhh that's so
good." They both moaned harder. Amber groaned, "You like that, don't you? You
like to eat my asshole.  Your my butt slut, too, aren't you, auntie Debbie? Are
you going to get off doing this dirty thing? My asshole is so hot and horny from
your tongue. Ummmmm" She stayed over her mouth for a long time, while her aunt's
tongue worked lovingly around the rim of her asshole. "Eat my ass...eat my
ass!!!" she repeated over and over, lost in the lust of controlling her aunt so
completely.

"Wait," Amber said. "I need to get more comfortable."  With that, Amber climbed
off Debbie and lay face down on one of the work benches. "OK," she said. "Now
get back there and really do a job on my butt," as she drew the degraded woman
towards her. Debbie knelt with Amber's tight little bottom right in front of her
face. At that moment, her round butt and smooth brown asshole sat right in front
of her.  What was happening to her Debbie wondered before she kissed and gently
nipped at her soft cheeks, drawing soft murmurs of pleasure from her beautiful
young mistress.  Finally, she placed a thumb on each side of the crack between
Amber's buttocks and spread her cheeks wide, to allow her easy access to her
delicious ass.   She then buried her face into her ass and began to tongue her
asshole. Amber moaned as Debbie worked her tongue around and into her anus.

Obviously hot, Amber moved her body on the bench like a cat in heat. Her actions
got Debbie even more aroused, and she pushed her tongue in farther, slowly,
sensuously penetrating as deep as she could into her mistress' most private
parts. Amber really liked that, and she began moaning louder and rotating her
buttocks in an effort to increase the already wonderful pleasures the broken
housewife was giving her. The sound and sight of her obvious pleasure made
Debbie so hot, she continued to worship her ass for a long, long time.

When Debbie sensed that just her ass-licking was not going to get her mistress
off, she dutifully turned her over, pushed her knees up, and spread her legs
wide as she could. Spreading her lips wide with her thumbs, she began to tongue
her protruding clit, with immediate results. It almost felt like she was in
control now...tonguing her and biting her clit...each time sending shivers of
pleasure through her.

************************************************************************



Debbie and Amber took a short break after that. Amber seemed spent, and Debbie's
jaw ached from servicing her for such a long time.

Amber languorously got up and stretched in satisfaction before going to the
bathroom. As Debbie lay on the floor unfulfilled, she could hear the sound of
her urinating quite profusely from inside the house.

A moment later, she heard Amber call from the bathroom.  "Auntie slut, come in
here. I need you."

Surprised, she walked into the house and across the family room to the bathroom
door.  She looked in to see Amber sitting on the toilet.  Amber gave her a
mock-innocent look and said, "Gee auntie slut, I don't seem to have any toilet
paper. What are we going to do about that?"

Debbie was going to correct her - there was plenty of paper on the roll next to
her.  But then she realized that there was more to this, that Mistress Amber had
more plans for her "service". "I'm not sure what you mean, Mistress Amber," the
scared housewife stammered.

"I think you do know, auntie slut, my little pussy slut."  Then looking very
haughty, she pointed to the floor.  Taking her cue, Debbie got on her knees and
crawled slowly over to her. As she looked up at her sitting on the toilet, Amber
slowly spread her legs wide and said with a mischievous grin "I told you you'd
have to do EVERY-THING I say."

Looking between Amber's thighs, Debbie could see small droplets of piss in her
pubic area and on her pussy.  "My god." she thought, "she wants me to lick her
clean!"  I can't do this Debbie thought to herself.

"Well, don't just sit there, bitch. My pussy is full of pee. Lick it off." 
Mistress Amber spat at her cowering aunt.

Slowly, she leaned her head forward. This was more than she could handle. Still,
she thought about the tapes and how much she loved her family.  She had to do
this. Her

tongue reached out tentatively and licked at Amber's soft cunt lips, scooping up
several small droplets.  The taste was not what she expected. Salty, pungent,
but not as revolting as she imagined.

She began to slowly lap at Amber's whole crotch area, searching out each bit of
her warm urine that was left there. Amber was loving it, watching her aunt serve
her in this most personal and degrading manner. She began to murmur in her lust,
saying "Oh, you are such a hot little slave, aren't you? God, you'll do anything
with that hot mouth of yours. I should have brought you in here earlier so I
could use you for my personal toilet, right in your hot mouth... oooohhhhhh,
god, so horny.."

She looked down at the broken woman. "You're going to drink my piss, auntie
slut. You are. I'm going to make you do it and you're going to love it, because
you love having your mouth between my legs for any reason, don't you? I can't
wait until I have to pee again so I can do it right in your mouth and watch you
swallow. Mmmmmm..oohhh."

By now all the urine was gone, though the taste lingered on Debbie's tongue. She
continued to lick her, though, as they had both become quite horny once again.

Mistress Amber was insatiable. She leaned back on the toilet, pushed her hips
forward and threw her head back, her eyes closed in a pose of luxury and
passion. Her pelvis

moved back and forth in a sexy rumba against Debbie's slaving tongue. With a
long groan of lust, Amber murmured, "Oh, god, what a filthy little mouth you
have." As Debbie looked up at her, she couldn't believe what her niece was
ordering her to do.

Amber's hips continued their hot dance until finally, her body tensed and she
gripped the edge of the toilet with all her might. She squealed and trembled
with indescribable ecstasy as a rushing wave of girl cum burst upon Debbie's
tongue and into her open mouth. Pressing her face as far within her wet crotch
as she could, she swallowed

surge upon surge of her womanly joy, as her mistress' orgasm hit her like a
runaway train.

Debbie couldn't catch all of her mistress' latest eruption.  Small drippings of
the precious fruit of her efforts ran down her chin. Her mouth and nose were
likewise covered with a sweet film of girl juice. As Amber began to calm down,
Debbie slipped her mouth off her hot box, wiped her face, and waited, her
buttocks resting on her high heels, slender fingers knitted behind her neck,
ready to hear her next order.

They lay there for a while, catching their breath. Debbie began to think about
what a strange situation this was. Here she was, kneeling in her bathroom
licking her teenage niece's pussy clean.  "At least she wants me and finds me
desirable," Debbie said to herself as she thought about her husband and his
frustrating behavior.

It wasn't long Stephanie returned.  "Stephanie? Come in here, please. There's
something I'd like you to see."

Sure enough, a moment later, the door slowly opened as Stephanie entered the
room. Seeing the two women naked on the bathroom floor, she smiled.  "My, my,
you've been busy little sis."

"What do you think, Stephanie? Do you want to join us?"  Amber offered.

Stephanie was clearly interested in what she saw before her. Her breathing grew
deeper as she looked over her aunt's delicious naked body, then at Amber, who
had changed positions, spreading her legs lewdly to tempt her sister. 
Stephanie's gaze fixed on her sisters' piercing blue eyes. Yes, she was
definitely interested.

Amber went on. "Auntie slut is quite talented, you know. She does the most
delightfully filthy things with her mouth." Amber was looking right at Debbie as
she said this, trying to maximize her embarrassment. It was working.  Debbie
couldn't look her in the eye as she remained in her kneeling pose.

"Why don't you get comfortable and watch while she does me? I'm sure you'll have
to masturbate when you see what I make her do."  Amber teased her big sister.

Stephanie rolled her eyes at the impertinence of this remark. Nonetheless,
immediately began to undress. Either she really was horny or she was afraid to
cross her younger sister.

As Stephanie removed her clothing, Debbie couldn't help but notice how
attractive her older niece really was. She was tall - about 5 foot 10 -
"statuesque". And very pretty and well built. Under her short summer dress was
hidden some seriously sexy underwear. She wore a white, lacy, push-up bra,
though she hardly needed the help - her breasts were full and stood out nicely
on their own. Her white hose looked so sexy on her shapely legs and were held in
place by an equally lacy and sexy garter belt. She left both  hose and garter
belt on as she removed her panties, then reached up to undo her hair, allowing
her long brown tresses to cascade over her shoulders.  What a transformation!

"Sit over there and watch," Amber said, "and maybe I'll let you do something
later."  Amber said as she winked at her sister.

Stephanie moved to a nearby chair. Debbie noticed her niece's hand wandering
toward her own shaved pubic mound.

"Okay, auntie slut," again tugging on the leash Amber said, "Show Mistress
Stephanie how much you like to eat my sweet pussy."

Debbie flushed at this remark, but, obediently moved toward Amber and once again
began to satisfy her young mistress. Having an audience must have further
excited her, because in a matter of minutes she was in the throes of an intense
orgasm, bucking her hips wildly as she once again shot her fluids onto her
humiliated aunt's face. Not satisfied with just one orgasm, Amber commanded
Debbie to do it again. This time it took a little longer, and her jaw was rather
tired by the time she finally got her off.

Amber was silent for several minutes as her breathing returned to normal. Then
she turned to Stephanie, saying, "Okay, I think you can have her now. I'm
curious to see if she's as good for you as she has been for me. Besides I want
to watch."

Stephanie still seemed put off by her sister's attitude, but watching her
dominate her sweet little aunt must have made her horny, too, because she didn't
really hesitate at Amber's  offer. Before Debbie knew it, she had crossed the
room and watched Stephanie snatch the leash from Amber, Stephanie then
unceremoniously hauled her over and told her to stand before her.  Even as she
tottered on her high heels, the statuesque figure of Stephanie was taller than
she was.  Stephanie grabbed her slipping her arms around her slim waist.  Debbie
was drawn towards her niece, her big breasts mashed against Stephanie's muscular
body as her niece's mouth claimed her own.  "Mmmmmhhhh," Debbie gasped, her
hazel eyes wide open as her niece pushed her lips open in a deep kiss. 
Stephanie's tongue was exploring her mouth.  Stephanie's arms held her tight as
her niece's hands devastatingly roamed over her lush body, caressing, pinching,
squeezing her. Debbie returned her kiss with equal fervor, very turned on by the
feel of her body pressed against her.  Her only experiences with women had been
with her two nieces, and this one was going to be especially memorable. 

Debbie felt a firm pressure on her shoulders as Stephanie pushed her down toward
her breasts. She gladly moved down and took first one and then the other into
her mouth. Holding each breast with two hands, she sucked like a baby, filling
her mouth with her soft flesh. Stephanie moaned wonderfully as her aunt worked
her tongue around her stiff, pink nipples, worshipping them with her hot mouth.

Then Debbie felt her mistress' hands on her head, pushing her down again.  She
slowly dropped to her knees, working her tongue in little circles down her belly
until she was staring directly at her now very wet pussy.

Stephanie looked down at her humbled aunt intently, eyes wild, nostrils flaring,
her hair falling sensuously over her face. Debbie looked up, directly into her
eyes, and began to slowly lick at the soft, wet flesh between her legs.
Stephanie closed her eyes and groaned, her hips moving slowly back and forth as
she enjoyed the exquisite pleasure of her aunt's tongue on her private parts.

Amber was making nasty comments in the background, but Debbie really didn't hear
her. She was lost in this beautiful younger woman, serving her, pleasing her.
She found her so attractive - sexy, strong, and feminine all at once. She wanted
nothing more than to bury her face between those beautiful long legs of hers.
With her hands on her buttocks, she did just that, her tongue working to please
her mistress who controlled her by issuing instructions, tugging on the leash to
guide her to kiss and suck new areas of her young body.

Stephanie soon became too excited to stay standing. They moved into the girl's
bedroom and onto the bed, Debbie on her back, Stephanie perched above Debbie,
her pungent wetness inches from her mouth. To Debbie's surprise, her mistress
sat on her face, pushing her weight down on her lips, wiping her wetness over
her mouth. She thrust her tongue deep inside her and reached up to fondle her
gorgeous breasts. Debbie brought her to several orgasms before she gently pushed
her head away and climbed off.

"Okay, auntie slut, back to me," Amber said. "I've been waiting for this next
one for some time."

The bewildered housewife wasn't sure what she meant, Amber got up to leave the
room, the leash tightened and she rose up on legs that felt as weak as water and
followed Amber.  As she did so a part of her realized that there was no longer
any need for a command, the leash controlled her and whoever held the leash
would control her.  There was also the fact that she kept her hands at the back
of her neck and that she instinctively walked with that hip swinging contrived
stride.  All this, and so much more, had happened in a few hours.

Debbie followed Amber into the upstairs bathroom. Her stomach dropped.  Ever
since her earlier encounter there, she thought she might make her do this, but
she had hoped she would forget.

"Come here," Amber commanded. "Suck on these a while. Like you did for her." 
She cupped her small perky breasts in her hands.  Debbie immediately did as she
asked, hoping to distract her from her plan. She sucked each nipple hard; doing
her best to turn her on and keep her occupied.

But Amber had other ideas. After a few minutes, she pulled her breast away from
her and told her to kneel down. "Rest your head on the toilet," she said.

Seeing no choice, the shocked housewife knelt down and leaned back so her head
was resting on the edge of the open bowl.

"Yeah....very good," she said with a smirk. "This is going to be fun."

Amber moved over her crestfallen aunt, standing before the toilet like a man
about to pee. Her legs were spread slightly, one on either side of her head.
"Okay, slut, open up," she said.

Trying to prepare herself, Debbie closed her eyes and opened her mouth wide. She
felt her mistress' hands on her head and then suddenly felt a gush of hot liquid
hit the back of her mouth.

"Swallow it!" she yelled. Debbie had little choice. Her mouth was completely
full of her piss. She gulped quickly, swallowing once, then again, then a third
time. She felt the warm fluid running down her chin, then felt something cool
touch her neck. She continued to swallow, taking several more small gulps as
Mistress Amber emptied her bladder into her slaves mouth. Debbie knew this was
so sick, and she was horribly ashamed to be doing this, to be drinking piss
directly from Amber's body.

"Good bitch," she said finally. "You like drinking my pee, don't you?"

Debbie didn't respond. She was so embarrassed.  She couldn't speak.



"I knew you couldn't catch all of it, so I did you a favor," she said
sarcastically. Then Debbie realized what the cool object was against her neck. 
She had caught the overflow in a glass!

"Here you go, my little toilet slut. I saved the rest for you." She had a nasty
smile on her face as she offered her the half-full glass of yellow liquid.

"Oh please..." Debbie begged. This was too much. She had to admit it had been
mildly exciting to have her pee into her mouth, to experience the decadence of
the moment.  But this seemed too much, too premeditated and humiliating.

"DO IT!" she said, more forcefully this time. Resigned to her fate, she put the
glass to her lips and drank the whole thing down.

"Now, you don't want to miss any, do you? Get the last drops!" She then made her
aunt lick around the rim of the glass, until even the last remnants of her urine
were gone.

"Jesus, Amber! You are sick, aren't you?" It was Stephanie. She was standing in
the doorway. Debbie wondered how long she had been there.

"Oh shut up, Stephanie! Who do you think you are, anyway?  I do what I want and
it's none of your business. Now get back in there. I have another job for you."

Stephanie was obviously furious at being treated this way.  Nevertheless, she
turned and went back into the bedroom.  Amber followed, pulling her aunt along
by her leash.

Amber opened the nightstand by her bed. From the drawer, she pulled out a very
large dildo and a harness to hold it.  It was large - at least twelve inches,
and two inches or more in diameter. Next she brought out some KY jelly. Debbie
began to worry again. She soon found that her worries were well founded.

"Put this on, Stephanie," she said. "I want to watch you fuck Aunt Debbie....I
want to watch you fuck her in the ass!  I know how much you enjoy that."

Debbie started to protest. She knew there was no way she could take that thing
up her ass. It would tear her apart. But before she could say anything,
Stephanie objected.

"That's it, Amber! I've had it! I'm not going to perform for you like some cheap
porno actress. Who died and put you in charge?"

Amber responded in a snotty tone. "Oh, screw you, Stephanie. You'll do whatever
I say because you want me and you know it!"

Stephanie's response was swift and decisive. She slapped Amber hard across the
face. "You little bitch! I don't need you. You're far more trouble than you're
worth."

"What...." Amber exclaimed, her eyes wide with shock.  She couldn't believe that
Stephanie was turning on her.

"Quiet!" Stephanie slapped her again, with the back of her hand, across the
other cheek.  "Come here, I think it's time you learned a lesson."

With that, Stephanie grabbed Amber's arm and threw her face-down on the bed.
Then she jumped onto her back, pinning her to the mattress.

As Debbie looked at Amber, she realized an odd change had come over her. She
seemed to be almost in a daze. Her eyes were glazed, unfocused, as she listened
to Stephanie's commands.  Stephanie sneered at her younger sister.

"We both know you can dish it out, Amber. Now we'll see how well you can take
it."   Amber didn't respond, except to close her eyes briefly, as if she were
composing herself. Or perhaps, preparing herself for an ordeal. Now Stephanie
did strap the huge dildo onto herself.

"Get me that jelly, auntie slut," she hissed.

Debbie hurriedly got up and delivered the KY jelly to her oldest niece.
Stephanie squeezed a big glob onto her fingers. She smiled to herself.  Then,
reaching down with one hand to spread Amber's buttocks, she began applying the
lubricant to Amber's asshole.

Amber was getting nervous now. "Stephanie...No..Come on now.....Stephanie?"

Stephanie smiled even wider at Amber's response and continued to work the jelly
into her asshole. She slipped one long finger inside, then another. Amber turned
red and made a face as her sister dug her fingers deeper into her bottom. She
had three fingers up her butt now, and seemed to be wiggling them around,
enjoying the embarrassment and discomfort she was creating in her spoiled brat
sister. Then she removed her fingers and, getting more jelly, she spread it over
her fake phallus. Debbie felt herself getting excited as she realized that
Stephanie intended to give Amber what had been intended for her. And she was
going to take it!

"You know where this is going, don't you Amber?"  Amber said nothing, just
nodded meekly. "And you deserve it, don't you?"

Another nod.  "Good," Stephanie said.  "I'm glad you see things my way."

Stephanie took the head of the dildo and placed it in the crack of Amber's ass.
Debbie could see Amber's body tense and she took a deep breath. Stephanie
taunted her. "Oh, we're going to have fun now, Amber dear. Spread your cheeks."

Amber obeyed, reaching back with both hands to pull her cheeks apart.  Stephanie
stared down at the small brown hole that she was about to stretch wide. As she
placed the dildo at the tender opening, Debbie wondered if Amber had ever had
anything so large inserted there. Then, using her hands on Amber's waist for
leverage, Stephanie began to slowly push her hips forward, forcing the huge head
into the tight brown hole. 

Amber groaned. "Uhhhhnnghhh." Her whole body trembled as that long pole invaded
her body.

Stephanie stopped once she got the head inside. Amber tried to catch her breath
and relax.  After a few seconds, Stephanie began to push again.  Debbie watched,
fascinated, as that thick monster disappeared into her nieces' lovely bottom. 
Amber began to grunt and groan loudly, her hands grabbing at the sheets, her
head moving back and forth. It was a highly erotic scene.

About halfway in, Stephanie stopped. "How does that feel, Amber?" she asked.
"Does my big cock feel good in that tight ass of yours?" Amber was quiet for
several seconds. For emphasis, Stephanie began to spank her bottom, making red
patches where her hand smacked the creamy white globes. Finally, Amber quietly
answered  "Yes."

"Oh good," Stephanie said in a mockingly pleasant tone, "Because you're going to
get a LOT more of it before we're done."

Amber just moaned quietly and dropped her head to the pillow. Then Stephanie
began to slowly pull the cock out of her sister's ass. As Debbie watched, she
could see the ring of Amber's anus extending as it gripped the intruding device.
Stephanie pulled out almost all the way and paused again. She could see almost
the full twelve inches poised for the next move. "I just wanted to make sure I
used enough lubricant, dear. I don't want any

resistance when I do ... THIS!!!" With that last word, Stephanie moved forward
quickly with all her might, jamming the full length of the rubber cock into
Amber's rectum.   

There was a shriek of surprise and pain.  Amber's back arched violently, her
head snapping back, her eyes open wide in shock.  Her whole body shook, spasms
running up

her spine in reaction to the feeling in her backside.  She struggled to catch
her breath, quick, sharp intakes through her clenched teeth.

Stephanie held the dildo in place, savoring the sight before her, her complete
mastery over this master bitch. "Your ass is mine, Amber. I'm going to butt-fuck
you.  I'm going to ream your asshole until you beg for mercy!"

Debbie expected some reaction to that from her usually sassy young niece.
Instead, as she at last got over that initial assault, she relaxed and put her
head back on the pillow. Then, to Debbie's utter surprise, Amber lewdly raised
her butt just a bit, offering up her buttocks and tender asshole to Stephanie to
do as she pleased. It was then that Debbie realized that Stephanie was the one
running things, not Amber.

Stephanie began to slowly move her tool in and out of Amber's ass while spanking
her occasionally for good measure. Reaching forward, she cupped each of Amber's
pert breasts in her hands, rolling the nipples between her fingers, pulling back
as she forced the dildo harder and faster between those shapely cheeks.  Amber
was moaning louder now, apparently enjoying the abuse and the erotic feelings
from her breasts and her very full bottom. Her head was sideways on the pillow,
facing her awestruck aunt.

Her eyes were open, but Debbie didn't think Amber was even aware of her now. She
stared vacantly, lost in the submissive decadence of being anally raped by her
older sister. She seemed almost delirious, talking incoherently to herself.
"...up my  ass.. up my ass... Ohhhhhhh.... God...Yes"

Needless to say, Debbie was getting really turned on watching all this. And of
course, she had had little satisfaction for herself up to this point, except
when she snuck her

hand between her own legs. Perhaps sensing this, Stephanie asked her as she
continued to drive into Amber, "Say, auntie slut, do you need some relief?"

"Well...Yes, Mistress Stephanie, but only if you wish," she said trying to avoid
angering her mistress.

"Amber, I think auntie slut needs someone to do her. Would you like to eat some
pussy, Amber?"

This woke Amber up a bit. Looking concerned, she shook her head "No."
Surprisingly, this appeared to be something new for her. "Oh come now, Amber,"
Stephanie said.  "I think it's time you had a taste of another woman. Go ahead,
auntie slut. Give it to her." Debbie was too scared of Mistress Stephanie to
argue. Moving to the top of the bed, she positioned herself directly in front of
Amber.  She spread her legs wide, pushing her by now very wet crotch forward. 
Obviously distressed, Amber turned her head to the side to avoid having her
pussy in her face. But Stephanie would have none of that.

Grabbing Amber's blonde hair, she pulled her head up and forward, so that her
mouth was just inches from her aunt's wet spot. "I SAID DO IT!"

Defeated, Amber closed her eyes and meekly stuck her tongue out. Debbie inched
forward until her throbbing clit came into contact with that sweet, soft tongue.
An electric charge went up her spine as her young mistress began to use her
mouth on her grateful private parts.

Grabbing her hair, Debbie mashed Amber's face between her legs, rubbing herself
all over her young nieces' face. The pleasure of feeling her lick her cunt was
almost surpassed by the erotic sight of Amber's pretty face working between her
legs, her lips and cheeks coated with her fluids. Amber whimpered and moaned
into her pussy as Stephanie continued to drive that foot-long cock deep into her
bowels.

With all the build-up, it was only a minute or two before Debbie had a very
intense orgasm.  As her thighs clenched hard around Amber's head, the waves of
pleasure seemed to go on forever.

When Debbie finally relaxed her grip on her young niece, she pulled away gasping
for breath. 

Stephanie, of course, was enjoying her dominant role. Debbie would guess that
she had been dominating her younger sister for years.  Nonetheless, ravaging
Amber's asshole was more a mental pleasure than a physical one, so eventually
Amber had to serve Stephanie, too. Forcing the bratty young girl onto her back,
Stephanie climbed onto her beautiful sister's  face. For the next half-hour or
so, Amber got to experience her sister in the most personal way.  Stephanie
literally sat on her face, completely immersing it in her very wet pussy,
followed by a long period between the cheeks of her ass. She took Amber's hands
and placed them on her large breasts, to tweak the nipples while her tongue and
lips worked down below.

As Debbie watched, Stephanie turned her previously cocky sister into her
personal lesbian slut.  She could hear Amber's muffled moans of lust as
Stephanie pressed her full weight onto her open mouth.  Amber's hands roamed all
over Stephanie's body, playing with her breasts, cupping her buttocks, gently
caressing the smooth skin of her back. It was obvious now that she was enjoying
the abuse at the hands of her older sister.

When Stephanie finally climbed off, Amber's whole face was shiny with her
secretions. Stephanie told Debbie to lick her lips clean. The confused housewife
eagerly did this and more, wiping the fluids from her cheeks to her mouth to get
a final taste of her mistress. As a final indignity, Stephanie had Debbie
masturbate in front of her and Amber. The two sisters watched intently as their
aunt played with herself, working her fingers into her pussy and, at Stephanie's
insistence, up her tender asshole, shamelessly pleasuring herself for them.
Debbie was so far gone that the constant camera flashes meant nothing to her. 
By the time she exploded in orgasm, she heard Brett and the kids coming through
the front door.

"Looks like hubbies home.  Now remember, you had better follow every instruction
you are given tonight, or else.  So help you if you embarrass us.  My whip has
missed you. All I need is a reason.  Remember that tonight."  Stephanie warned
her humiliated aunt.

"Just try to have fun and enjoy being a professional model.  After all, you are
posing for his birthday and he will be approving every shot."  Amber added in a
comforting voice.

"It shouldn't be so bad.  Brett would not allow things to get too racy.  Would
he?" The thoroughly exhausted housewife asked herself.

To be continued... If you have any story line ideas for future chapters, or
would like to comment on the story please e-mail me at wifefantasy@hotmail.com.




Housewife's Awakening

(MF, F+/F, wife, reluctant, humiliation, spanking, toys)

If you enjoy this story please e-mail me at wifefantasy@hotmail.com to let me
know.  If you have an idea for how this story should continue, please let me
know and I will work it into one of the upcoming chapters.

Chapter Eight - The Makeover



By WF and CG

"Where's Debbie?" Brett asked Stephanie as she strode purposefully down the
stairs.

"Amber's taken her to get her hair and makeup done for her big photo shoot,"
Stephanie calmly informed him as she wrapped her arm around him and pulled him
close to whisper in his ear.

"I want to talk with you for a moment about tonight.  Look, you have really hurt
your beautiful wife over the past few days.  Despite all that you have done to
her she still wants to do something special for you for your birthday.  So you
had better support her and encourage her tonight, NO MATTER WHAT!"  Stephanie
emphasized her threat by strengthening her grip around Brett.  "I want to hear
you telling her how beautiful she looks and how much she turns you on and all
that sentimental shit.  She is very nervous about doing this and it would
devastate her if you let her down again.  Am I clear you worthless wimp?" 
Stephanie said as she let Brett go for a split second before grabbing the
startled man by his collar while pushing him against a wall.

Brett was like a small child being bullied as he tried to gather some words
together.  "Look, enough is enough already.  I've been thinking about it and I
am not going to let you run my life."  Brett said trying to exude as much
confidence and authority as possible.

SMACK!  SMACK! 

Stephanie struck him hard across the face with an open hand before striking him
again with a fierce backhand.  "You had better learn to treat me with more
respect.  You are not the one who sets the rules around here, do you understand? 
Stephanie started to shout at the bewildered man.  "You're the faggot who likes
to stick his little cock up other men's assholes.  What do you think will happen
if your precious little wife were to find out about your little secret?  Do you
think for even a second that she would forgive you?  What would your family say? 
What would your employer and co-workers say?" Stephanie yelled at Brett. 
Stephanie could feel the will leak out of her uncle as she forced him to
confront with the results of her earlier trap, his body relaxed in her grip as
he lowered his head in resignation.

"I can't let Debbie find out about this.  She would take the kids and I would
lose my job and I'd be ruined."  Brett thought to himself.  "I would be so
incredibly embarrassed and humiliated.  Stephanie and Amber are leaving in
another week and then all this will be over."

"You better look me in the eye when I speak to you little shit.  Is that clear!" 
Stephanie said in a flat tone, that made her all the more intimidating.  Brett
snapped his head up and tried to look her in the eye.  He was ashamed by the
fact that he couldn't figure another way out of this situation, but he had to
protect his reputation from this terrible secret at all cost.

"That's better you worthless prick.  Make no mistake about it, if you fail to
obey even one of my orders tonight everyone in your little world will know what
a cock-sucking faggot you are.  No matter what poses Amber and I choose for Aunt
Debbie, you will give her your enthusiastic approval.  Do you understand, my
little panty bitch?" Stephanie said mockingly as she shook Brett by his lapels.

"Yes, I understand." Brett said in a defeated tone of voice while his shoulders
slumped and he felt a sick pain in his stomach as he realized what he would be
expected to do tonight.

"You are to tell her how beautiful she looks and encourage her to do WHATEVER
the photographer wants her to do.  You will tell her how lucky you are to have
her for a wife and how much you appreciate her doing this for you."

"That shouldn't be too hard," Brett thought to himself, "I am lucky to have her
and I can't believe that she wants to have sexy pictures taken to please me. 
Especially after I fell asleep last night while we were messing around.  I can't
lose her and I can't lose my life."  For a moment he thought he was going to
burst into tears.  He couldn't do that!  It would be so pathetic...

"We've hired a professional photographer who has graciously agreed to help
Auntie Debbie with your birthday present.  You had better show her the utmost
respect or else we just might decide to let Debbie know were your dirty little
dick has been lately." Stephanie said with a smile as she thought about all the
wonderfully deviant things she had planned for her aunt and uncle this evening.

"We have to make you presentable for tonight and then we will meet Amber and
Aunt Debbie at the photo studio.  Given the mess you are this may take some time
so start stripping." Stephanie ordered as she released Brett, who slumped
against the wall in defeat.

************************************************************************

"You want me to do what?" Brett asked in disbelief.

"I said strip and do it now you stupid fucker!" Stephanie yelled while raising
her hand to slap her uncle again.

Cringing, Brett could not believe that his teenage niece was ordering him to
strip in front of her.  The embarrassment and indignity he felt at being ordered
around like a little schoolboy caused him to once again lower his head in shame
before starting to unbutton his shirt.

It was then that he began to cry...

************************************************************************

Debbie practically fell into the SUV as she teetered on the high heels that were
still securely locked to her feet.  "Mistress Amber, were are we going?"  Debbie
asked as she tried to cover her lush naked body with just her hands.  As Debbie
settled her body in the car her mind rapidly recalled all that had happened.

It had been another horrible day for her.  It began with another 'training'
session, this time besides practicing her stride and following her leash without
question, Amber made her adopt more and more demeaning poses.  Maybe it was
because Amber had been forced to pleasure her sister that she found Amber even
more cruel than normal, so much so that she began to yearn for Stephanie. 
Although Stephanie had whipped her and was more of a disciplinarian than Amber,
Debbie judged her as someone who punished only when there was an infringement,
stern but fair, just as a mistress should be.

As this line of thought dribbled away it dawned on Debbie that this line of
thinking, once unbelievably alien, was now dominating her every waking moment.

"Auntie slut, we are going to get your hair and makeup done for your big photo
session tonight.  You have an appointment in 15 minutes so we've got to hurry,"
Amber answered with a wicked smirk plastered across her face.

"B-But, Mistress, I don't have any clothes on.  I can't go into a beauty salon
naked.  They would arrest me." The nervous housewife meekly stated.

Amber playfully replied, "Don't worry your stupid little head about it. 
Mistress Amber will take care of her little pussy eating pet.  Look in the back
seat.  You will see an outfit specially picked that matches your new image which
you can put on during the drive over."

New image!  With her attention fixed on other things she had forgotten the
second part of her training.  Stephanie and Amber had decided that she should
behave like a teenager barely out of adolescence.  She should talk like a
brainless teenager...be interested in the things a hormonally charged teenager
would be...and would dress like a teenager trying to attract the opposite sex. 
When she had objected she had been spanked, made to bawl like a teenager.  After
which followed an intense session where she had been forced to retrograde to a
teenager from the mature housewife and mother that she used to be.

Reaching towards the backseat Debbie nervously opened the bag and saw some
clothing that she tentatively removed.  She lifted the small garments and looked
for more.  There was nothing else to clothe her body!

"Yes slut, no underwear for you this afternoon.  Now put on the clothing which
I've so generously bought for you.  That is if you know what's good for you."

Debbie grabbed the white tank top and shorts that Amber had brought for her.  As
Debbie tried to pull the tank top over her head to cover her exposed chest the
flimsy shirt caught on the top of her big breasts.  Debbie tugged and tugged but
try as she might she just couldn't get the top to stretch and cover her large
breasts.

"Mistress Amber, this top does not fit me?  It's way too small.  I can't get it
to pull down." Debbie anxiously informed her teenage tormentor as she again
tugged at the flimsy top.

"Well, if it doesn't fit right, I guess you just can't wear it, now can you
pet?"  Amber couldn't help letting out a small giggle before continuing.  "I
guess you will just have to go into the salon naked if you can't figure out a
way to make the shirt fit."

Knowing that she had no choice but to continue, Debbie pulled and tugged at the
thin cotton tank top.  Her breasts were just too large to fit in the top she
thought to herself.  Finally, she managed to pull it down covering her naked
breasts.  The top was pulled so taut that Debbie's areolas and nipples were
clearly visible through the thin white material.  She also noticed that the top
only came down to within a half inch of the bottom of her twin globes as the
straining material seemed close to bursting as it fought to contain her lush
flesh.  Below the bulging flesh of her breasts, her midriff was completely bared
to anyone interested in looking.  If she stretched or took too deep a breath the
bottom half of her breasts would become exposed as the stretched to the limit,
thin material would ride up her creamy mounds.

There was the last piece of her ensemble of humiliation.  Lifting up the garment
she looked at a pair of shorts, they were pink and red with the word 'Naughty'
pasted across the rear end.  They were tight fitting boy-shorts that were
designed to come to just below ass cheeks.  These short shorts were all the rage
with the teenage girls in Debbie's town, and now she was going to parade in them
herself.  But she wasn't a teenager, she was a mature woman, not some pubescent
girl whose hormones were just kicking in.

Debbie struggled to pull the short shorts over her ridiculously high heels and
up her shapely legs while the SUV continued to swerve in and out of traffic. 
After finally working them up her legs and over her ass cheeks she felt a sense
of relief to finally be clothed again.

That was until she looked in the mirror and saw what she looked like in this
teenage getup.  She just about died of embarrassment upon realizing what she was
going to look like walking into the salon in this outfit.

"Wow! Auntie slut, you look so fucking hot in the tank and shorts I picked out
for you.  I just bet all the boys at the mall will be sporting wood as you walk
by on our way to the beauty parlor." Amber teased her embarrassed aunt, noting
with cruel pleasure, that in spite of all the things she and Stephanie had made
their beautiful aunt do the woman still felt every iota of humiliation.  There
was the look of shocked realization colored in her embarrassed cheeks.  A sense
of helplessness invaded Debbie.  Each day, each hour brought a new soul
destroying humiliation.

"You'll want to look your best for tonight.  We've got you a nice handbag,"
Debbie heard Amber say.  Down by her feet was a small purse made from a lurid
pink plastic.  Just the type of thing to go with this too young and too small
outfit Debbie bitterly thought.

Then as the car continued its journey Amber made her put on her makeup, telling
her that she was now to ensure that her make-up was to be perfect at all times. 
Debbie wanted to ask why, she also wondered why she was busy putting blusher on
etc. when she was being taken to a beauty salon, but she was learning it was not
her place to ask too many questions...she only risked punishment for her
'insolence'.

"M-Mistress Amber.  I beg to a-ask a question," Debbie nervously fidgeted in her
seat carefully looking down so she wouldn't look her tormentor in the eye.

"What is it," snapped Amber?

Part one of the questioning had been successfully navigated.  Amber had not
flown off the handle - yet.

"W-What were those pieces of paper I signed," Debbie asked?

"They were a number of contracts and things.  One was a rolling contract where
you signed to become an employee of 'Slut Productions'.  The only employee I may
add.  The company is owned by Stephanie and myself.  Another was you agreeing to
having Stephanie as your manager and myself as your agent."

Debbie sat up as she listened, bewildered by what Amber had said.

"There are other 'pieces of paper'.  They're called contracts by the way - which
you shouldn't concern yourself with.  Don't forget you've got space between your
ears where a brain should be.  You wouldn't understand things as complex as
contracts."  Of course she understood, or used to understand.  She had been an
independent and intelligent housewife until Stephanie and Amber had started the
process of undermining and humiliating her Debbie bitterly thought.  She only
had to look at herself - teetering high heels, hot pants and her breasts
threatening to burst out of the flimsy top, to see why no one would take her
seriously.  'No one', including herself.

"Looks like you got dressed just in time," Amber announced as she pulled the SUV
into the mall parking lot.

Debbie felt herself shaking as she contemplated her fate.  She knew that she was
once again going to be forced to humiliate herself in public.  Before long
everyone would think that she was the biggest slut in the world.

As Debbie climbed out of the SUV she tried in vain to pull her shorts down
further behind as she realized that half her ass was sticking out winking at the
world. 

Just then she felt a sharp pain in her left buttock.  She spun around to catch
her mistress pinching her exposed bottom.  Amber stood in front of the nervous
woman, moving closer towards Debbie who nervously backed until the parked SUV
prevented any further retreat.  Debbie's slender fingers tightly squeezed the
pink plastic handbag, her shapely legs felt like water as Amber slid her hands
around to cup her and massage her buttocks.

"I was going to pinch your big beautiful behind to show you how much I
appreciate that lovely ass of yours, but you've decided to hide it from me so I
will have to teach you a lesson," Amber said as she moved forward.  Amber slid
her hands up her quivering aunt's slim waist, briefly rubbing the taught skin of
the exposed slender waist before cupping Debbie's luscious breasts.

As her hands rolled the big mounds, Amber noted how swiftly the nipples of her
beautiful aunt seemed to harden.  The enslavement of her luscious aunt was
progressing quite nicely.  The woman was no longer in control of her body's
response to stimuli.  Prim and shy Aunt Debbie was discovering she had hot slut
instincts.  Uncontrollable drives being released by her enslavement.

"Don't ever turn away from your mistress again.  That is very poor behavior
young lady." Amber said as she squeezed and fondled Debbie's breasts soliciting
a deep moan from the embarrassed housewife who remained leaning back on the hood
of the SUV.  Debbie stared down at Amber's hands as they sensuously slid down
her along her waist across her skimpy shorts before squeezing the top of her. 
"What great knockers you have auntie slut.  You really do need to learn to show
them off better.  Maybe if you did you might have better luck with your
uninterested husband."  Amber continued to mock and humiliate her victim while
she mercilessly massaged her aunt's tits as they strained against the thin
material that barely contained them.

Without warning, Amber suddenly grabbed both of Debbie's rigid nipples and
pinched violently.

"Ouch!"  Debbie exclaimed as she felt a sharp shooting pain shoot through her
nipples.

"Don't ever turn away from me again you stupid whore." Amber warned as she
continued to twist and squeeze Debbie's aching nipples.

"Now you had better remember all of your lessons this afternoon.  If you
embarrass me in there, I will have to really embarrass you.  Now you wouldn't
want that would you my pussy pet?" Amber asked as she slowly released her grip
on Debbie's tormented nipples.

"No, Mistress Amber, your pet will not embarrass you." Amber heard her
demoralized aunt answer.  Amber relished in the realization that her aunt was
starting to refer to herself as instructed.  She realized that another small
victory had been won in the enslavement of her gorgeous aunt.

"Now follow behind me at least 5 paces back.  You are not to talk while we are
in the salon unless you are spoken to.  You had better remember that you are a
slut and how slut's walk and talk.  And above all, you had better
enthusiastically agree with anything and everything I say no matter what." 
Amber cautioned before taking off for the mall entrance.

************************************************************************

As Brett pulled his underwear off he felt more naked than at any other time in
his life.  He couldn't believe that he was naked in front of his teenage niece
and helpless to do anything but follow her orders.

"Very good.  Now as long as you follow my instructions you just might enjoy
tonight after all."  Stephanie said as she cuddled up to Brett and gently took
hold of his limp penis.

She started to slowly run her right hand over his shaft while her left hand
rubbed her uncle's now naked ass.  "See, this can be a good thing for you, if
you just learn to trust me."  Stephanie whispered huskily into Brett's ear as
she continued to stroke his growing cock.

Brett was trying his best to think of anything else but what was happening to
him.  He didn't want to give in to this teenaged vixen.  He had let his loving
wife down terribly already and didn't intend to add to his growing list of
indiscretions.  But damn, he had to admit that Stephanie's hand felt so good. 
The way she was slowly working the skin on his shaft up and down and the way she
was gently rubbing his ass was driving him crazy.  Her hot breath on his neck as
her soft flesh rubbed against him was forcing him to concentrate...to wallow in
the pleasure enveloping him.  "But I can't let Debbie down again," he said to
himself as he tried to steady conviction.

Stephanie gently began to kiss her uncle on the nape of his neck while she
continued to give life to his growing member.

Stephanie whispered into her uncle's ear, "Slave, I want you to place your hands
behind you. If you want me to continue stroking my cock you will do as I wish." 

Brett's mind was a blur.  His lust was growing and his resolve was failing. He
couldn't help himself any longer and with great effort he placed his hands
behind his back.  Stephanie noted to herself the sign of resignation as her
humbled uncle placed his hands behind him as instructed. 

"Did she say 'her' cock?" Brett questioned himself.  "What did she mean by
that?"  Before Brett could complete his thought he felt something cold snap
around his left wrist and then just as quickly something snapped around his
right wrist.  He pulled wildly at his bonds but he couldn't free himself.

Stephanie stepped back and watched as her uncle vainly thrashed about.  She
enjoyed watching his now pulsating cock being wildly whipped about as her uncle
tried to free himself.  Protesting at his helplessness.

"You stupid, stupid, little prick.  I just told you to relax and trust me and
look at you now.  You really need to get a hold of yourself." Stephanie said as
she reached into her bag.

Brett watched in fear as his niece pulled out something made of leather and once
again approached him.  She leaned into Brett and started to kiss his neck and
chest.  Slowly Brett began to let down his guard as his breathing began to
quicken and his thoughts began to stray to the sensual touches of his nieces'
tongue on his body.

As he closed his eyes and tried to fight off his building arousal he felt
Stephanie's hands on his cock and balls.  She was gently massaging them while
continuing to kiss his chest.  Brett could feel the palm of Stephanie's hand
gently circling his now throbbing cock head.  "I can't give in, I must be
s-s-strong...," he tried to tell himself as he felt himself losing control.

Stephanie looked at her uncle and realized that he was completely under her
spell.  "Time to take this to the next level ," she told herself.  She then took
the leather strap and applied it around the base of his cock snapping it shut. 
It fit very tightly restricting the blood flow which would keep Brett on the
edge and hard for as long as Stephanie wished.

Brett looked down in horror just in time to see Stephanie secure a tiny padlock
to the leather restraint that was now holding his penis prisoner.

Next she took a long metal wire and formed a noose at one of the ends.  She then
took his ball sac and placed it through the noose and pulled on it until she
couldn't feel any further resistance.  "Now that my slave is properly leashed we
need to get you cleaned up for your big night."  Stephanie informed Brett as she
started to lead him to the master bathroom.

Stephanie had collared and leashed him so quickly that Brett didn't have a good
understanding of what had just happened.  One second she was playing with his
cock and the next she had it tied up and harnessed.  He was so confused.

In his dazed state Brett didn't react quickly enough for Stephanie's taste so
she gave the wire leash a hard pull which elicited a scream from her captive
uncle.

"Ouch! Stop!" Brett yelled as he doubled over in pain.

"Look you limp dick, the sooner you learn to obey me the easier your life will
be.  If you prove to be a slow learner then your puny little dick just might get
pulled off."  Stephanie said as she gave the leash another tug for emphasis.

Brett pulled himself up from his knees and hurried after Stephanie making sure
to stay close enough to her that the leash binding his cock and balls would have
some slack at all times.

"Okay, we need to get you cleaned up.  We want your little wife to be proud of
you tonight.  Climb in the tub and stand still while I get some soap to clean
that filthy body of yours."  Stephanie said while Brett clumsily climbed into
the master tub.  He found this harder to do than he thought it would be due to
his hands being bound behind his back.

Stephanie returned with what looked like a bottle shampoo.  Brett watched as she
took a generous amount and started to rub it all over his chest, back, arms, and
legs.  Lastly she rubbed more of the soap onto his still rigid cock and his
balls. 

As she rubbed his encased manhood Stephanie sternly warned Brett, "Your cock
belongs to me now.  You will not touch it without my permission.  You will not
go to the bathroom without permission.  And above all else, you will NEVER
orgasm without permission.  It belongs to me and I alone will decide if you ever
receive pleasure from it again.  Do I make myself clear?"

Brett heard what his niece was saying, but he couldn't grasped the full meaning
because his mind was on his pulsating cock which was being sensually rubbed
while Stephanie applied soap to it.  "Slave, do I make myself clear?"  Stephanie
repeated herself.

"Yes, Mistress!"  Brett blurted out hoping to avoid any further punishment his
mind still clearly on the hands that were driving his cock crazy.

"Yes, Mistress, what?  What are you acknowledging?  I want to hear you say it." 
Stephanie ordered her embarrassed uncle.  Stephanie smiled to herself noting
that he referred to her as his mistress without being instructed.

Brett hung his head in humiliation as he answered his tormentor, "Mistress, my
cock no longer belongs to me.  It belongs to you and I am not to touch it or
gain sexual gratification through it without your consent."

"Very good slave.  Now stand still and I will be back in a few minutes to finish
your bath." Stephanie said as she climbed out of the tub and left Brett alone
with soap thickly covering his entire body except for his head.

After about 5 minutes Brett started to feel a slow burning sensation spreading
throughout his body.  At first it was just a bit uncomfortable but within a few
minutes he was starting to feel as though his skin was on fire.

"Damn, this hurts.  What did she put on me?  My dick feels like it's on fire."
Brett thought to himself as he shifted his weight from one foot to another.

Just as Brett was starting to really panic, Stephanie reappeared.  "How is my
little slave doing?  You look rather uncomfortable."  She said with a smirk.

"Please mistress, get this stuff off me.  It's burning my skin off.  Please,
please, please!"  Brett begged his teenage tormentor.

Stephanie stopped short of the tub and slowly inched her short skirt up.  She
then slid her thong panties down her long athletic legs and stepped out of them. 
"Not that you have a choice, mind you, but I will be much more enthusiastic
about cleaning you up if you agree to wear my panties for the rest of the day." 
Stephanie teased as she slid her skirt back down her thighs.

"Was she really asking me to wear her panties?" Brett asked himself. At this
point he was in so much pain that he would agree to almost anything and
Stephanie knew that.

"All you have to do is convince me that you want to wear my panties and I will
whisk those nasty little bubbles away."  Stephanie teased.

Brett couldn't take it anymore.  His ball sac felt like someone was jumping up
and down on it and his penis felt like it had been set on fire.  "Please,
please, please, Mistress Stephanie can I please wear your panties."

Stephanie took her thong and placed it over her uncle's head so that the crotch
was rubbing against his nose.  "I want you to know what I smell like Slave.  If
you are a good boy you just might get to taste me some day."

She then grabbed a towel and a wet washcloth and started to vigorously rub
Brett's legs.  Brett watched in shock as all the hair on his legs came flying
off.  Stephanie repeated this procedure until all hair on her uncle's body was
removed except for his eyebrows and on the top of his head.

Stephanie then pulled on Brett's leash and led him over to a large wall mirror. 
"Now, isn't that better.  My little slave looks so much better now that all that
nasty hair has been removed."

Brett looked at himself in the mirror in absolute shock.  How would be ever
explain this to Debbie?  He couldn't believe what was happening to him.  He
couldn't believe how shrewd and conniving his nieces had turned out to be.

As he continued to contemplate his predicament, Stephanie pulled her thong off
Brett's head.  Next she removed the wire leash from his balls but left the
leather cock ring in place.

"Here, put these on you little whimpy excuse for a man."  Stephanie chided her
uncle as she handed him her panties.

Not wanting to anger his mistress Brett immediately lifted his leg and pulled
the thong on.  His buttocks were completely bare, but his cock was mostly
covered up including the leather chastity device that he noted was still
padlocked.

"Wow, you look great in your new panties!" Stephanie teased her mortified uncle. 
"Now get dressed it's almost time for you to get your birthday present."

************************************************************************

As Debbie stumbled along in her impossibly high heels, she heard whistles and
cat calls from the teenage boys hanging out in front of the video arcade.
Besides wishing she could disappear down a hole as she paraded in her hot pants
and top, there was the knowledge that this was one of her hometown's malls. 
Until now, Stephanie and Amber had driven her out of town before humiliating and
tormenting her in public.  But this time it was her own town and this meant that
there was a much greater chance of her being recognized.  Her blood ran cold at
the thought...how would she, a member of the PTA explain how she was flaunting
herself in front of these teenagers, how would she a member of the local church,
to her congregation explain her behavior? And what would happen to her
reputation if some of the other things she had done slipped out.  These thoughts
swirled through her mind with all the other emotions Amber had ramped up within
her.

But the vulnerable position her reputation found itself in was forgotten as a
couple of the boys...they were too young to describe as men rushed up to her and
surrounded and moved with her, circling her like dogs around a bitch in heat.

"Man, oh man, look at the tits on that slut!" One of the boys shouted out as he
leered at Debbie's incredible breasts as they liquidly undulated in her tight
top.  Just a few weeks ago she would have known how to treat these youngsters
but now, her personality and values had been following her nieces treatment of
her.  So now, instead of admonishing the two teenagers circling her she kept on
walking behind Amber.

"Wow, that's nothing, check out her ass.  It's practically hanging out of her
shorts." His friend whooped back as he stared at Debbie's quivering, lush bottom
as her hips moved sensuously side to side.

Amber stood for a second, allowing Debbie to catch up with her.

"Part of your new 'teenage' image is that you will be going on dates with nice
boys like these."  Amber said as she pointed to another crowd of gawking teenage
boys. "I bet you can't wait to jump in the backseat and get a hold of a nice
young cock that will properly appreciate a slut like you.  But we will train you
to say no but always to put out.  You'll be the tease who always says 'no' but
always allows herself to be fucked.  The easy slut. Think of it.  It'll be the
adolescence you never had."

Debbie's head swirled with the images Amber was implanting in her mind.  She
would be in a acne covered teenager's car, its windows would be steamed as she
would be necking roughly with her date, his hands would be all over her, trying
to touch her breasts, her legs, between her thighs.  All the time she would be
saying no, admonishing him, even as his groping became more familiar...soon her
breasts would be free...her legs would be parted to reveal her tight slit.  She
would be looking at a penis, hard with teenage youth just before it entered her. 
The penis would be thrusting in and out of her with no finesse, it belonged to a
teenager exultant at getting his rocks off in the slut who always said no but
always put out.  This would be part of destruction of the old 'Debbie', the
Debbie who was prim and proper...the Debbie who never allowed a date in her
youth to stray beyond a chaste kiss goodnight. 

The dream was broken up by the teenager who re-appeared in front of her.  "Hey
naughty girl!  How many quarters does it take to play with you?" Debbie tried to
block out their nasty comments as she staggered along whipping her hips
invitingly back and forth as she tried desperately to keep up with her mistress
who had strode ahead to a gaudy store front.

"OK auntie slut, we're here," Amber announced as they walked into a trendy hair
salon.  "Go sit down and wait for me while I check you in."

Debbie walked over and sat down while Amber busied herself with one of the
beauticians. Part of her felt relief that she was no longer in front of
adolescents in heat but part of her was aware of a further torment.  She felt so
cheap dressed in this skin-tight teenage outfit, her lush body threatening to
burst out of the tight hot pants and top.  Her long legs and slim waist being
uncovered for everyone to see.  The other patrons waiting for their appointments
were pointing and staring at her like she was some kind of freak from a carnival
attraction.  She was grateful that there was no one she recognized but still
never felt so embarrassed in all her life as she self-consciously tried to cover
some acres of bare flesh on view.

Just as she was starting to settle in Amber approached her with a beautician and
pulled her to her feet as she was led to a small room.  Debbie looked around,
there was a beautician's chair and a preparation table where Debbie guessed
massages and other treatments could be made, there were a number of mirrors and
cosmetics and lotions seemingly by the hundreds.

"Okay Pet, it's time to make you beautiful for your big photo shoot.  This is
Michelle.  I know you have your work cut out for you, but do you think you can
get her in shape for me?"

Carefully looking over Debbie, Michelle replied, "I think I can get the look
that you described."  The beautician said as she led Debbie to the beautician's
chair.  Debbie was made to lie back and stare up into Michelle's face.  On the
opposite side Amber stared down at her.  

"Pet, say hi to Michelle," Amber ordered as she continued to humiliate her aunt.

"Uh, like, uh, hi Michelle," Debbie answered as Amber had taught her in her best
teen babble.

"So, are you excited about your new look?" Michelle questioned Debbie as she
made herself busy preparing to transform the normally conservative housewife
into a movie star.

Debbie caught Amber's evil gaze as she replied, "Well, uh, like, it's going to
be so totally awesome!  I just can't wait." Her nervousness apparent as her toes
curled under the slim straps of her high heels.

To her experience eye, the woman sitting in her chair had "potential": nice rich
honey blonde hair, nice pretty face, which could be made to look devastating
with a little makeup.  Looking beyond the prone woman's face at first Michelle
thought Debbie must have had a boob job.  But Debbie's mounds seemed to loll and
shake with every movement.  Those big melons were real Michelle jealously
thought.  Her envy of Debbie wasn't dissipated in anyway as her eyes went down
the tight rib cage to the wide hips onto her curvaceous legs displayed from the
high shorts continuing down to dainty feet, which seemed to be permanently
pointing towards the far wall as they remained in their contorted position. 
Underneath this beautiful flesh doll there was a person who wanted to creep back
into protection of anonymity, Michelle knew enough about human nature though,
that Debbie's beauty would attract those who would covet her...like the tough
young woman who stood next to her nervous aunt.

Michelle's job, as given to her by Amber was to give the housewife a complete
makeover: hair, makeup... the works. Her beauty would be altered to a different
type, something more suitable for the awful fate Stephanie and Amber had planned
for this evening.

As Michelle worked on Debbie she placed a hot towel over the blonde woman's
face.  Amber had ordered her to sit still and let Michelle do her thing.

************************************************************************

She seemed to have been there forever and she could have sworn that she may have
even nodded off once or twice, this wasn't surprising as her mistresses were
'working' her increasingly hard.  Every hour of her day now seemed to be
occupied in pleasing and serving her two nieces...like now, dressed and behaving
like a doll, a doll made of flesh and blood which her two cruel nieces took
great delight in humiliating and degrading.  Bit by bit they were destroying all
that she had stood for and imposing a new and devastating regime upon her.

And the most disturbing thing in the ordeals she had been put through was the
excitement and thrills she felt as her two nieces played their twisted games on
her.  Even now, she could feel an undercurrent as the beautician worked on her,
in the background she could occasionally hear Amber and Michelle discuss her and
she had to fight back the temptation to pull away the towel that had covered her
face over the last few hours.  First her hair then her face and hands, Michelle
never seemed to cease her work on her.  Amber had insisted that her eyes be
covered. The towel had only come off when the girl had insisted upon spending
what seemed to Debbie to be an inordinate amount of time applying makeup. 
During that brief moment where she could communicate, Debbie tried to explain
that she didn't wear that much makeup, but Michelle just smiled and told her to
keep still.

After a while, Debbie stopped complaining and just sat quietly, all the time
worrying about what her husband and everyone else would think of her new look. 
After the makeup, the towel had been replaced, and work began again on her hair.
After that, Debbie felt someone grab her hand and began doing something to her
fingernails.

Debbie lost track of time, but it must have been at least a couple of hours
before she was allowed to look at herself in the mirror. The shocked housewife
gasped at what she saw.

Was that her face staring back, open-mouthed, in the mirror? She took a secret
pride on how pretty she was but now...she was so... so beautiful and so...
feminine. The hair was the first thing she noticed. It wasn't just blonde. It
was a bright platinum blonde. And it was no longer a conservative cut. Instead,
it had been given a body so it rose high on her head before flowing down the
side of her face in thick waves, framing a luscious, heavily made up face.

She looked more closely at her eyes.  She now understood why things had taken so
long.  Her eyes had been heavily made up with thick rich mascara applied to her
eyelashes. A very deep shade of purple had been applied to her eyelids with a
light pink shade surrounding her now very dark and smoldering eyes.  Her lips
now glistened with a lip gloss.

Michelle smiled down in satisfaction. The woman had a stunned look on her face
as she stared at her reflection.  Once the shock had worn off though, maybe
Debbie would notice that she had applied a bit too much make-up and the colors
weren't the most subtle but then her commission was to make her client look like
a bimbo.

And she had succeeded!

Debbie was now no longer the cool sophisticated blonde but the stereotypical
blonde bimbo.  And as the 'bimbo' ran her hand through her platinum hair she
noticed another thing...Debbie froze and looked on her fingers, they had put
false nails on her... long and pink.  The nails were totally impractical!

"H-how am I going to look after my home," Debbie blurted out as she stared
transfixed at the lurid pink inch long talons seemingly sprouting from her
delicate fingertips.  Amber had a cruel smile on her face as she responded. 
"You don't want to be a home maker.  It is much to time consuming, and besides,
there are so many other things for you to do."  Debbie wanted to know what these
'other things' were but she was stunned at the new level of transformation
wrought upon her.

Amber reached into her purse and placed a $100 bill in Michelle's hand, "Thank
you so much for helping my little pet.  She looks so great now."

"Now get up pet, we have to meet your husband at the photo studio."

Still in a daze, Debbie slid out of the seat and stumbled out of the beauty
salon. She was so astonished with her new appearance that she failed to notice
the gawks and leering eyes of all she passed as she followed her mistress back
to the SUV.



To be continued... If you have any story line ideas for future chapters, or
would like to comment on the story please e-mail me at wifefantasy@hotmail.com.




Housewife's Awakening

(MF, F+/F, wife, reluctant, humiliation, spanking, toys, exhibition,
interracial)

If you enjoy this story please e-mail me at wifefantasy@hotmail.com to let me
know.  If you have an idea for how this story should continue, please let me
know and I will work it into one of the upcoming chapters.

Chapter Nine - The Photo Shoot

By WF and CG



Stephanie and Brett arrived at the photo studio and found the SUV parked out
front.  "Looks like Amber and Aunt Debbie beat us here.  Now remember, that you
had better play along with us tonight or else your little secret will be
revealed to all the world." Stephanie warned as she got out of the car.

"I just have to play it cool.  The girls will be going home in a few days and
then all will go back to normal.  Until then I have to keep them happy so that
no one finds out about..." he said to himself.

Brett startled from his thoughts looked up in absolute horror as Stephanie
opened the front door to the photo studio.

"Y-Y-You! What is he doing here?" A horrified Brett gasped.

"Oh silly, you remember Rachel, don't you?  It was his ass you were fucking just
a couple of days ago, after all."  Stephanie mocked as she held his arm so he
couldn't turn tail and run out of the studio.  "Turns out she...I mean, he is
one of the best photographer's in the area and has graciously agreed to help
your wife out with your birthday present.  Now remember that you are to obey
Rachel tonight like your life depends on it.  Well, actually, it kind of does,
now doesn't it? "

"I can't believe she is actually here.  What if Debbie finds out?  What if
Rachel reveals what happened?  This would absolutely kill Debbie.  What should I
do?"  Brett feverishly questioned himself while he tried to regain his composure
unable to tear his eyes away from the she-male.

"Where are the girls at Rachel?"  Stephanie inquired.

"Amber took your lovely aunt backstage to start changing into her first outfit.
Follow me Stephanie and I will take you to them."  Rachel said before turning to
the petrified Brett.  "You, sit in that chair and wait for us.  The photo
session will begin in a few minutes after your beautiful wife has a chance to
get prepared.  She has a killer figure and I can't wait to shoot her." Rachel
said as she gently stroked Brett's cheek, ignoring his obvious horror as he
shrank away from the transvestite's fingers.

"Now, I want you to tell her how absolutely stunning she is when she comes out. 
The poor thing is terribly nervous and self-conscious.  First night nerves you
know, and you WILL shower her with compliments and show your appreciation for
what she is doing for you." Rachel added. Brett nodded dumbly as he remained
slumped in his chair.

At that Rachel escorted Stephanie backstage where a very nervous Debbie stood,
still in her teenage outfit and overblown bimbo look, bewildered by what was
happening and the number of people milling around her.  As Debbie nervously
looked at Rachel there was something out of the ordinary about the photographer
which Debbie couldn't quite put her finger on.  Of course, by now she had learnt
to keep her tongue, it wasn't worth the wrath of Stephanie or Amber, better to
keep mute and remain in the background.  Debbie watched as Rachel immediately
began going through the clothing that they brought, and nodded her approval,
especially at the lingerie choices that Amber made for her.  Like all the
clothing selected for her, the colors were lurid, the cut was skimpy, designed
to show her off...

"Let's select something for you," Rachel said to Debbie as she selected a number
of dresses and held them against the visibly agitated woman.

"That one is not quite right...let's try this...a bit better but still.  Aaah
yes, the classic black.  Perfect!" Rachel said to Debbie who noticed how short
the dress was.  She couldn't wear anything like that in front of Brett and all
these strangers.  But it got worse; Rachel held a sliver of cloth.  She was
being asked to wear a thong!  Eyes wide, she would have protested but Amber
started to pull her top off.  Debbie was being prepared.

************************************************************************

The next few minutes were a blur.  Amber whispered in her ear a mixture of
threats should she be 'naughty' with dire warnings of the consequences.  In
front of her, Rachel complimented Debbie on her beauty.  At any other time, she
really ought to be flattered. 

Debbie knew that the girls were playing their cruel version of hard cop soft
cop.  What made it worse for her was that she was aware of what the girls were
doing but helpless to control her almost pavlovian response to her niece's
treatment of her. 

Debbie wanted to say something but she was worried about what would happen if
she should say something out of turn.  She was increasingly nervous at what was
about to happen and of course she was aware of the terrible grip her nieces had
on her.  She had been trained to remain still as she was dressed...she had no
choice...she was treated like a child's toy to be dressed as others saw fit...a
doll to be dressed...a flesh doll.

The slim black thong had been slipped onto her so that she was aware of it
cupping her high mound but revealing her ass cheeks.  A black satin bra held her
breasts; it wasn't designed for comfort but to emphasize her figure.  The cups
were under wired and lifted and pressed her big breasts into greater prominence
than normal.  The dresses' plunging neckline revealed twin curves of bulging
breast flesh and a deep cleavage...the hemline barely fell beneath her crotch
and no matter how much unconscious tugging at the hemline, the dress didn't
lengthen at all.  It still fell barely below her crotch and ass cheeks.  She
knew that it required only a small movement on her part to reveal her female
intimacy.  Her legs were bare, shapely calves and firm thighs on show.  She had
the now familiar, uncomfortable 'on tip toe' stance arising from being shod in
high heels - this time, black platform sandals, the mind bending soles at least
some three inches high and the heels correspondingly high - it felt like she was
walking on mini-stilts.

As Debbie again unconsciously tugged at the hem of the black micro-mini dress,
she was unaware of Amber's eyes on her.  The young woman looked at her beautiful
aunt's every nervous twitch and tremble, trying to gauge her mood.  Amber knew
that Debbie had had a very long day, beginning with a training session, then
being dressed in her pseudo-teenage outfit and the visit to the beauty parlor
for the application of her blonde bimbo look.  This session would warp her
aunt's psyche close to the breaking point and now, being dressed in her
revealing ensemble and being prepared to be photographed in front of others, was
making Debbie more nervous.  Debbie looked like a filly about to break into
flight.  Amber could see that clearly.

Debbie was extremely nervous about what was about to happen.  Rachel, next to
her tried to reassure her that everything would turn out wonderfully.  However,
Debbie was so worried that she was visibly shaking.  Noting her apprehension,
Rachel turned to one of her helpers and nodded. The helper returned with a glass
containing a liquid.

Debbie stood there nervously licking her glossy pink lips, her legs felt weak as
she contemplated what was being asked of her.  Amber moved next to her as
someone handed Rachel a glass, which contained a pink liquid.

"Here sweetheart, drink this, it will help with those nerves of yours.  There is
nothing to be afraid of sweetie.  Look through those drapes over there and you
will see your husband waiting to watch you get your picture taken for him.  You
can talk with him throughout the session and we will run everything by him first
so you know that you have his approval in all that you do."  Rachel said in her
most reassuring voice.

Debbie took the cocktail and looked at it warily.  Amber leaned over and
whispered in her ear, "Look auntie slut, its time to get busy.  You're wasting
this photographer's valuable time.  Now quite being so fucking stupid and drink
up.  Or do we have to go and tell your husband what a whore he married?  And of
course you'll be punished for your insolence as well.  Your choice!"

At this Debbie dipped her head as Rachel held the glass and lifted it to her
mouth.  Slowly she sipped on the upturned glass until it was all gone.  The
liquid didn't taste too bad as she drained the last drop.

"Did you put the tablets in?" Stephanie whispered to Rachel as Debbie finished
her cocktail.

"But of course. In about 10 minutes she will start feeling the effects of the
roofie, then the other drugs will start kicking in and our shy little housewife
will be doing some things she'll deeply regret but will be highly profitable for
us."  Rachel replied with a soft giggle.

After Debbie finished her cocktail Amber finished working on her clothing and
repairing her make-up, while Rachel's helpers busied themselves with setting up
the camera, the lighting, the placement of a sofa, and some props.

Meanwhile, Brett, now frozen to his seat, felt beads of sweat on his forehead,
he was terrified that the transvestite or his nieces would let on what happened.
He couldn't let Debbie find out.  It would ruin his entire life.  While he sat
waiting for the upcoming proceedings he resolved to himself to do whatever it
took to keep his dreaded secret safe.  And besides the deep guilt there was the
physical fear of what Stephanie or Amber would do to him.

Brett felt a lump come to his throat as he saw Debbie being led by Stephanie and
Amber through the charcoal colored drapes hanging as the backdrop behind a large
sofa.  In a sense she was more beautiful than ever as she came towards him
nervously tugging at the hem of her astonishingly short dress as she
unconsciously tried to cover the expanse of white thigh she was displaying.  He
was amazed at how her blonde hair had been transformed into a soft platinum halo
surrounding her head and drifting onto her shoulders.  Her features were heavily
made up.  The figure that only weeks ago she was embarrassed to show, was now
not only on display, but she seemed to be flaunting her luscious body.  Brett
looked on with amazement that this glamorous creature was once his conservative
wife...it was hard to believe the transformation.  Brett was also aware that to
go with all his other worries he knew that Debbie now would be attracting looks
from other men like bees to honey.  With that realization came a deep twinge of
jealousy.

"Wow!  You look incredible sweetness." Brett nervously offered as Debbie
carefully made her way over to her husband.  She was having a very hard time
keeping her balance in the staggering 7-inch platform heels.

Catching Stephanie's warning glance Brett hastily added, "I can't believe what a
lucky man I am to be married to such an incredible beauty who wants to do this
to please me."

"So you want me to...to...pose with sexy clothes on for you?  You won't get mad
at me?" Debbie timidly asked her husband.  Normally, Brett would go into a
jealous sulk at the just the thought of his precious little wife showing more
skin that what was proper.  But like Debbie, Brett was discovering that what he
felt or did was no longer his choice.

Brett's answer further surprised Debbie.  "You should be proud of your beauty. 
And I don't mind that you share your beauty with others.  You really should show
off more often.  You look so incredibly great tonight and your new hair color is
fantastic."

Debbie blushed as she soaked in her husband's compliments.  "Maybe he is
interested in me after all?"  Debbie thought to herself. .  Maybe things could
get back to the way they were before.  A few weeks ago she had been a common or
garden wife, a boring and uneventful life...but her need for a brief illicit
excitement had led to her falling into the clutches of her perverted nieces. 
Stephanie and Amber both were tightly holding her forearms, ostensibly to
support her but really emphasizing their control over her.

"Uncle Brett, tell Rachel what kind of photographs you want of your wife for
your birthday."  Stephanie said loud enough for all to hear embarrassing both
Brett and Debbie, but that was her intent.

"Yes, what kind of pictures do you want me to take?" Rachel interjected already
knowing the answer.

Brett sat in his chair for a moment contemplating his answer.  He looked to one
of the many mirrors that lined the walls of Rachel's studio and then back at
Rachel before replying.  "I would absolutely love some sexy pictures of my
beautiful wife."

Debbie hearing this timidly blushed.  She wasn't used to her husband being so
blunt and to be honest, she didn't know what he meant by sexy.  And there was
something else, his voice sounded strange as if the vowels were being stretched. 
There was something else happening as she felt her skin begin to slightly tingle
and her heart rate begin to increase.

Seeing Debbie's discomfort, Rachel furthered Debbie's embarrassment by adding,
"Do you mean really sexy pictures, or just glamour shots?"

Knowing what was expected of him, Brett reluctantly replied, "Sexy, definitely
sexy shots.  The sexier the better."  He couldn't help hating himself for
putting his normally conservative wife on the spot like this, but he couldn't
give Rachel the excuse she needed to expose him.  This was going to be so hard
on his wonderful wife, but he didn't have a choice.

"Great, now that we all know what tonight is about let's make some magic!"
Rachel enthusiastically declared.  "Let's get started."  With this the stage
crew went to the set, adjusting the baffle boards and switching on the stage
lights so the center of the set was bathed with a harsh light.  The surrounding
lights were dimmed so the rest of the set seemed to be in twilight.  Debbie
still felt Amber's firm grip as she was led to the center of the set.  Although
her heart rate increased as she found herself in the pool of light, the
butterflies in her stomach seemed to recede...they were there but there was
something else.  The set lights meant she couldn't see beyond the sets immediate
confines, comforting in one way...but discomforting in that she knew there were
others, including Brett, looking in.

In the twilight Brett sat back in his chair as Stephanie slid into the seat next
to him.  Amber remained on stage to help pose Debbie and Rachel climbed behind
her cameras that were placed on series of large tripods. One was a photo camera
and hidden rather well to the side was a video camera that would capture all the
action planned for the hot little housewife.

Brett didn't know that 2-way mirrors surrounded the entire room.  Rachel's
helpers had started five different video cameras, one behind each of the
mirrored walls, and one that captured the action from the ceiling.  Whatever
happened tonight would be captured on film forever.  Stephanie, Amber and Rachel
had big plans for the naive couple.

Brett watched Debbie in her very short black dress taking her initial pose on a
barstool.  The dress plunged down the middle exposing a generous amount of
cleavage.  Her big breasts were quivering with each small movement and the hem
of her dress threatened to ride up and reveal more than her curvaceous legs. 
Brett couldn't get over the transformation of his wife.  Her new hair color, her
new makeup, and the sexy clothes that she was wearing all were having quite an
effect on him.

As for Debbie, she still felt butterflies in her stomach but at the same time
oddly detached.  The set lights blinded her and seemed to be moving.  That
couldn't be so, thought Debbie as she was leaned back and used the stool for
support.  She brought her hand back to her head and tried to wipe away the weird
sensations assailing her.

"Great shot.  Hold that pose."  It was Rachel barking out an instruction to her. 
Debbie heard the click of a camera and film being wound, at the same time there
was a brief flash of light.  In the back of her mind, Debbie realized that a
photograph had been taken.

The photo shoot had begun.

************************************************************************

Debbie was aware of being the center of attention.  Instructions were being
barked by Rachel, every now and again Amber would emerge from the shadows
surrounding the pool of light enveloping her, directing her to hold various
postures.

"...That's it.  Hold that position...Remember to look at the camera..."  Rachel
would bark out as she directed the camera lens towards the blonde haired woman.

Debbie, her mind may have been awhirl, but she remembered what Stephanie and
Amber had taught her.  'I must o-obey...I am being t-trained and enslaved for my
mistresses pleasure...I am a slave...I must obey..." And with those thoughts
erupting, Rachel began shooting.  They did several shots.  Words seemed to
assail Debbie.  Amber threatening, while Rachel complimented her while telling
her to expose more and more of her body.

Debbie nervously looked over to her husband for approval.  Seeing this,
Stephanie whispered in Brett's ear.  Amber threatened Debbie, now Stephanie
threatened Brett.

"You look so hot sweetness!  I can't believe you love me enough to do this for
me.  Just relax and enjoy yourself.  Seeing you like this has really turned me
on."  Brett said as Stephanie instructed.

Debbie blushed again.  "Did Brett just say I was turning him on in front of all
these people?  Wow, he must really like the slutty look.  I would never had
guessed that about him."

Next were some shots with Debbie in short skirts and low cut blouses to expose
her upper breasts.  When Rachel wanted to expose even more leg, so as to show
all of Debbie's sheer stockings and the straps of her garter belt, Debbie
blushed, protesting.  Deep down, part of her realized that photographs of her
increasingly lurid poses were revealing even more of her lush body.  It was only
the instinct to obey inculcated within her by Stephanie and Amber, and the
cocktail of drugs dampening all sense of propriety which enabled her to perform
in front of the shooting crew, Brett, Stephanie, Amber and Rachel.  But even
this combination was unable to prevent the sense of disquiet rising within her.

Rachel kept a close eye on Debbie and when she saw her star begin to hesitate
she halted the shoot and looked over at Brett.

"Sweetness, please, please, for me?  You look so incredibly sexy and beautiful. 
I want to record this moment with pictures.  Please continue, for me?"  Brett
begged his wife when he really wanted to pick her up and whisk her away from
this place.

Amber gave Debbie another cocktail to calm her nerves.  They all waited a few
more minutes so that the potent mixture of ecstasy, hypnotic drugs and alcohol
that Debbie had been given would have a chance to do it's magic.

Stephanie whispered in Brett's ear again prompting him to provide further
encouragement.  "Come on sweetness, you are so beautiful.  Don't be afraid to
share that gift with us.  You have such a hot body and should be proud of
yourself.  I have seen the way other guys look at you.  Be proud of your
sexuality.  These photos are going to be so incredible.  Please sweetness, be
sexy for me."

Debbie noticed a more seedy tone to Brett's words.  But the compliments were
going to her head along with the cocktail's effects.  "Whoa.  What's going on
with me?  I guess I just can't hold my alcohol anymore.  Whoa...I feel really
buzzed.  My husband wants me to be sexy for him.  I guess I can try, I mean, as
long as he wants it."

The girls could tell that Debbie was definitely more relaxed and they resumed
shooting.

Rachel instructed Amber to pose Debbie more suggestively.

"Did you hear that?"  Amber asked Debbie who was standing rather unsteadily. 
Debbie looked at Amber; her niece seemed to be moving in and out.  Amber's voice
seemed to be echoing again.  When Amber took her and posed her, she scarcely
protested as she showed her lovely stocking clad legs up to her sheer panties.

Then Rachel said it was time to do some lingerie shots.  Amber firmly gripped
Debbie's slim forearm as she led her aunt behind the shooting stage so that she
could dress her bemused aunt again.

************************************************************************

When Debbie reemerged it was again after another confusing episode.  She was
aware of Amber once again treating her as a doll to be dressed...dressed in
erotic lingerie and revealing ultra feminine clothing.  Somehow, she found
herself wearing a sheer camisole top, sheer lacy half-slip with her nylon
panties visible, still with black silk stockings and garter belt.  On her feet
she wore black stilettos with teetering 5-inch heels.  Amber once again held her
forearm as her heels were clicking on the hard floor.  She was guided past her
husband, stopping for a moment to be displayed to him, to taunt him.  The part
of her that was still even partially aware blushed as she stood there in front
of her husband, who was sitting along with her niece, right in front of the
stage.

Stephanie elbowed Brett in the ribcage causing a sharp shooting sensation to
overtake him.  Knowing full well what she wanted, Brett once again encouraged
his wife to trust Rachel and let herself go.  But internally Brett was in
turmoil. "I can't believe that Debbie is actually doing this.  What would the
neighbors think if they saw her like this?  I can't let this go on much longer. 
But how do I stop this?  What can I do?  I have to think of something."

Debbie hearing her husband's words of encouragement mixed with the dizzying
sensations now flooding her curvaceous body seemed to be encouraging her to
follow Rachel's guidance as she was led to an ornate chaise lounge which had
replaced the stool.  The ornate wooden legs and heavy grey brocade looked
inviting to Debbie.  The substantial piece of furniture was lit up by bright
lights and centered on the stage.

Brett looked on as his wife was being posed in her lingerie, she was looking
incredibly sexy, and even though Brett didn't want to become aroused, he
couldn't help it.  He saw something other than his conservative wife, he saw a
beautiful blonde haired woman with too much make-up and too little clothes.  He,
and even more galling, the crew and everyone else on the set, were gazing at her
with undisguised lust.

Stephanie watched the mixture of horror and desire on Brett's face.  Leaning
over she placed her hand on her uncle's crotch and gently squeezed.  "My, my,
looks like you really like watching your wife act the slut.  Don't you my little
panty bitch?"

Brett lowered his eyes in shame.  He couldn't believe that he was helping
degrade his own wife.  But what he really couldn't believe is how agreeable and
willing his wife had become.  What was happening?  I shouldn't be enjoying this,
but then why is my cock so hard?  Mind awhirl, he watched as Debbie paraded
herself in front of everyone.

************************************************************************

Debbie was leaning on the heavy piece of furniture.  To her side stood Amber,
who was brushing her hair before carefully arranging the blonde strands. 
Debbie, her slim arms remained ramrod straight as she stared at the camera's
cold, unblinking eye.  Amber would disappear and Rachel would snap commands and
encouragement.  Urging her to think of the camera as a lover, cajoling and
encouraging her to expose more of her body.

Debbie was aware that she was on some form of slippery slope, already she had
discovered the power photographs could have over her.  After all, hadn't this
journey of submission begun with the photographs Stephanie and Amber used to
blackmail her?  What if these increasingly embarrassing photographs fell into
the hands of her two nieces?  Brett said that they were for him, but what if
they were not?  Debbie was becoming uneasy with each passing second, but she
couldn't think straight.

Her attention was drawn to her niece who again was at her side.  She was posing
her.  There was another flash.  Amber took her leg and moved it so that her knee
was resting on thick brocade.  Debbie was aware that she had maneuvered so that
her legs were spread.

"That's it baby.  Hold it."

FLASH.  Rachel had taken another photograph.  And Debbie was looking over her
shoulder at the camera.  From the angle of the lens she realized that is was
pointing at the juncture of her thighs.  The hollow feeling at this knowledge
grew worse, as Amber re-appeared.

"Still," Amber snapped at Debbie as if she was a pet dog being trained.  And in
a sense Debbie was a pet, a pet of her niece...being groomed and trained for a
life of slavery.  Debbie watched as Amber moved her half-slip and lowered the
camisole slightly to expose more of her breasts.

FLASH...FLASH

Debbie was blinded for a split second.  As the camera continued to fire and
photograph her increasingly revealing poses.  Her head was dizzy with the
constant flashing, and what she imagined was the effects of alcohol.  The girls
knew that what Debbie had consumed was far more potent than a simple alcoholic
cocktail...and they were going to take every advantage of Debbie's confused
state.  They managed to make their beautiful relative look incredibly erotic as
they posed her with her legs spread, her camisole lowered slightly, beginning to
expose her breasts, and soon pictures of her with her slip pulled above her
waist, the sheer panties failing to hide her swollen cunt lips.

Next they dressed Debbie in some pink lingerie, a half-slip and panties and
camisole.  The high-heeled stiletto's also matched Debbie's new pink artificial
nails. 

Debbie looked around and saw the chaise lounge, shadowy figures of the crew and
Brett beyond the circle of blinding light as Amber maneuvered her into a new
pose.  This time

Amber intended that Debbie should take the next step in her debasement.  She had
Debbie support herself on the chaise lounge by having her extend her creamy
white right leg and kneeling on her left.  This had the effect of revealing part
of her thighs and the outline of her plump cunt.

Rachel looked at the shapely housewife.  The previous photographs were okay, but
now came the money shots.

"Okay, Debbie, sweetheart, I want you to lift up the camisole and offer your
magnificent breasts to the camera." Rachel said as she upped the stakes.

Maybe it was because the cocktail of drugs she had imbued earlier, maybe it was
because she was being asked, but Debbie was unsure of herself and looked into
the darkness enveloping the bright set looked to Brett for guidance.

"Sweetness, please, please, trust Rachel.  She is a professional and just wants
to help you do something that will be beautiful and erotic." Brett said in an
effort to comfort his now shaking wife.  "I really want you to continue.  I will
treasure these pictures for ever."

Rachel looking at her watch and noted that it had now been about 20 minutes
since Debbie had ingested her drug laced cocktail.  She ordered one of her
assistants to get Debbie another cocktail to help loosen her up further.

"Sweetheart, take a break for a second.  Drink this up, it will help you relax
and allow your inner sensuality to come through for the camera." Rachel said as
the naive and bemused housewife drank from the proffered glass.

As Debbie drank the cocktail down, she detachedly realized that she was starting
to feel really good, kind of like, floating on a cloud.  Her pulse was rising as
she could feel her concern about revealing herself to the cold, unblinking eye
of the camera...and to the audience of photo-shoot crew begin to recede as it
was subsumed by the cocktail.

"Brett, it is up to you.  If you want me to continue, I will." Debbie asked her
husband.  Her voice seemed strange, echoing as she felt the room become warmer.

Sitting on the couch with Stephanie's arm draped over his shoulder as a constant
reminder of his predicament he replied, "Y-y-yes...these will be great shots and
you should trust Rachel to guide you."  Brett said nervously.

"There you are.  Now sweetie, climb back on the chaise lounge and let's get
going." Rachel ordered noting that Debbie was again wearing that dazed and
detached look as the drug cocktail took hold of the hyper-curvaceous housewife.

Debbie watched as Amber approached her, still kneeling on the heavy piece of
furniture.  She watched dumbly as first her camisole top was removed, revealing
her big creamy skinned melons for everyone to see, even in her drugged state,
even after the slave training sessions and the humiliations she had endured,
Debbie's first instinct was to draw her arm across the firm mounds.  Amber
ignored this act of her aunt to hide a few square inches of her luscious body. 
The willowy young woman was intent on forcing her aunt into revealing more. 
Ignoring the whimpered complaint, Amber casually removed Debbie's half slip
before nonchalantly whisking off the sexy panties.

Debbie was now naked on the set.  Amber briefly tidied the blonde hair before
telling her aunt to again look into the eye of the camera.  From the black
depths outside the pool of light, Brett stared at the site of his beautiful
wife.  She was normally so reserved and timid, and here she was naked, being
photographed.  He stared at Debbie and saw her creamy white body, accented with
pink fingernails, pink lip gloss and pink high heels.  The memory of his wife
was being replaced by the image of a slut, of a blonde pneumatic bimbo.  It
seemed impossible but Debbie was staring at the camera, her arm that she held
across her chest was now resting across the chaise lounge back so that her
breasts were released to sway beneath her like twin, creamy melons.  This action
brought a series of rapid bright flashes as Rachel took a series of shots. These
shots were great thought Rachel, the slut had a really hot body and the
photographs would be destined for the big titty market. 

Debbie was at the epicenter of the flashing lights.  Deep down she knew that the
photographs that were being taken were pushing her beyond a new threshold.  The
strange woman who was holding the heavy camera was moving around her, issuing
clipped commands.

"That's it...lower your waist.  Great...great...you've got such a lovely ass..."

FLASH...FLASH

"Don't get shy on me now.  Keep looking at the lens.  It's important we see your
face.  That's it.  Tip your head back and imagine you're with your hot lover..."

FLASH...FLASH

"Keep your arms straight and rest..."

Leaning forward so that she rested on all fours.  Her big breasts swaying gently
beneath her, Debbie found herself slipping into the drugged dream...leaving
behind the knowledge that the revealing poses she was striking were being
photographed.

FLASH...FLASH

"Kneel and spread your thighs..."

FLASH...FLASH

Debbie stayed in her dreamlike state, as she was aware that the person with the
echoing voice moved behind her and was pointing the camera at the juncture of
her thighs.

"Great, but wider..."

Debbie followed the instruction, as she slid her knees so parting her thighs,
the long thin heels of her pink stilettos were meshed together up and behind her
as the plump lips of her vagina came into greater prominence.  There was another
instruction.  Debbie dipped her slim waist as she presented the round
hemispheres of her lush bottom.  She was made to tilt her head back as if she
was in the throes of passion as her cunt was luridly displayed by her pose.

She thought she heard the word beautiful, as she was again the center of a
flurry of bright flashes and the sound of film being wound on.  Then she was
dimly aware of following further instructions.

Lying down with the same pose.  Cushions under her hips so it seemed natural
that the high mound of her vagina was exposed as she spread her thighs so far
that the heels of her shoes crossed behind her.

Rolling onto her side.  Delicately pinching her nipples with her long new nail
extensions.  She worked on her hard nipple as her big breast melon lolled onto
its twin.

FLASH...FLASH

"That's it.  Play with your breast.  Don't hold back.  Yeah that's it play with
both of them, you love it don't you...."

FLASH...FLASH...FLASH...FLASH

************************************************************************

Amber covered Debbie in a wrap.  Although the effect of the drug she had
consumed had started to lose its potency, Debbie still had a bewildered look on
her beautiful face.  Her features were still flushed with what Amber knew to be
unrequited desire. The masochistic streak she and Stephanie had discovered in
their aunt and had been busy cultivating was really kicking in.  If they wanted
to they could have let the session go on with Debbie playing with herself in
some form of masturbatory fantasy.  But that would have to wait for another time
for they had something very special lined up for goody-two-shoes aunt Deborah.

"These pictures are going to be so great!" Rachel said watching Amber cover the
platinum blonde's curvaceous body with the wrap housecoat housecoat, the garment
barely went below the housewife's crotch.  And it was edged with wild pink boa
feathers. How apt Rachel thought, Debbie's cosmetics were a mixture of wild
colors with pink predominant.

"The photographs will go well.  But will she be okay for the next set?"  Rachel
asked herself quizzically.  She was concerned that the spell that the blonde
haired woman was under might lift and she would recover her complete senses. 
This was the last thing Rachel wanted.  The crew and the next set were a large
financial commitment.  The photographs already would be profitable, but how
would Debbie react to what she would be expected to do next?  Stephanie and
Amber had assured her that Debbie would participate in the next set.  Rachel was
unsure, you could never tell with amateurs.

Rachel had her/his mind on other matters.  Then there was the delicious Brett...

************************************************************************

Stephanie had looked at her uncle and noticed the bulge in his pants as his wife
cavorted nakedly on the chaise lounge.  This part of her plan was working.  He
saw Debbie as a sex object, like she wanted all men who looked on Debbie's
beauty.

"Is your little penis getting hard watching your wife display herself so lewdly? 
Do you want to fuck her?  Do you want to get your useless little prick out and
play with it?  Well, you can't, because your cock belongs to me."

Brett couldn't believe what he had seen his wife do this evening.  And the
belittling he was enduring from his niece.  He was deeply ashamed, but he
couldn't remember the last time he was so turned on.  "Mistress Stephanie, can I
please, please, please, take my cock out, which you own, and play with it?"

"Not yet you stupid little shit!  But if you keep behaving so well, I will let
you play with your tiny penis before the photo shoot is over." Stephanie replied
with a knowing smile.

Brett swallowed as he felt Stephanie's hand rest on his crotch.  Brett nervously
looked from side to side to see if anyone was paying attention, but he and
Stephanie were hidden in the dark soup created by the set lights focussing on
his wife.  He was at Stephanie's mercy and his cock responded by becoming even
more firm.  "Please Mistress!  Please let your slave boy play with your cock,
please, please!"  Brett begged as his hard on pressed painfully into his pants
as Stephanie's hand pressed down on him.

Noting to herself that her uncle had remembered that his cock now belonged to
her, she allowed a small smile to escape her lips before answering him.  "Not
yet, keep it in your pants you worthless ass-fucking wimp."

Groaning with wimpish frustration Brett heard the click of high heels.  His
attention suddenly shifted.  Debbie and Amber were approaching!  He wanted to
jump up but Stephanie held him down.  Panic started to rise in him.  What if he
was discovered like this?  He would leap up but Stephanie threatened to change
her grip to one where she could tear his cock off my its roots.  His only solace
was that Stephanie had thrown his jacket over his lap so her manipulations were
hidden from view.

His eyes switched nervously from Stephanie to the apparition that his wife had
become.  Eyes swiveling up from the lovely legs whose stance was enhanced by the
pink high-heeled stilettos to briefly fix on the curvy white thighs whose
juncture was just concealed by the gaudy wrap.  A large amount of bulging
cleavage was shown at the housecoat's deep V as Debbie's breasts liquidly swayed
with each faltering step.

"She's quite a whore, isn't she...,"  Stephanie whispered into his ear as he was
unable to tear his gaze from Debbie.  The whispered words resonated in his mind
as Debbie stood in front of him.  She seemed to be swaying slightly and he
thought the only thing that kept her from toppling was Amber's arm, which
encircled his wife's tiny waist.  Little did he know that that was the last
thing on Amber's mind.  The cruel young woman was taking another opportunity of
exercising her dominance over Debbie, not allowing her aunt one moment's respite
from being pawed or ogled at....whispering reminders that she was being
enslaved...being trained.  Being reminded that even her 'loving' husband wanted
to use her.

And as if to emphasize this Amber had Debbie stand in front of her husband as
she continued to painfully drive her point home.

"Hi.  Wasn't she just fantastic!"  Amber said as she drew Debbie to her.  "Once
you got going, there was no stopping you.  Was there auntie," Amber said
squeezing Debbie to her side, treating her aunt like a child.  Whispering loudly
so that everyone could hear.  "Tell Uncle Brett you're real hot stuff."

Debbie hesitated for a moment before she managed to stutter the required
response.  Then Stephanie nudged Brett.  "Tell Debbs how sexy she was," said
Stephanie as she encircled his shoulders with one arm and moved her free hand
beneath the cloth still obscuring the view of what she was doing to his
imprisoned cock.

"Yeah.  Yes, you were really hot," Brett gulped before stiffening as he felt
Stephanie's hand squeeze him.

Debbie stood there rather unsteadily, Amber's grip not some friendly support but
a means of emphasizing her control and another opportunity for her to bring her
aunt's voluptuous body to press against her own.  Amber was using Debbie, and as
far as Debbie could surmise Brett was as evil as her two nieces were.  She saw a
side of him never exposed before...

Brett was thinking along the same lines as he stared at Debbie.  The way she was
dressed...or more accurately undressed.  And her obvious excitement as she posed
and pranced in front of the camera.  One part of him dreaded the resultant
photographs, but another part of him wanted to see the pictures of Debbie in her
revealing poses.

Stephanie looked on the little tableau being played out in front of her.  She
could see the new tensions being raised between Brett and Debbie.  And the
strain on their relationship was very evident.  Stephanie wanted to destroy
their marriage...wanted to ruin Debbie and what Debbie represented in every way
possible.  And now the next stage of her long plan was about to be executed.

Leaning over she ruffled her uncle's hair.  "Birthday boy thought you so amazing
he wants you to act with a friend of his in a scene from his favorite movie.
Isn't that right, birthday boy?"  A nervous Brett nodded.  Debbie, bewildered by
this new turn of events listened as Stephanie outlined what was planned for her.

"Brett wants you to re-enact a scene from his favorite movie, Blue Velvet."

"In the event that you don't know.  The movie is about how a club singer has a
relationship, a very close relationship with a gangster."

"W-What do you mean by close?" Debbie managed to stutter.  Amber slipped her arm
around her aunt's slim waist and drew her close whispered in her ear.  Debbie's
face slowly registered what was being asked of her.

"Oh no, I just can't."  Brett heard Debbie say just before Amber responded.

"Oh yes you will," Amber said as she squeezed Debbie.  Brett was bewildered not
just by the turn of events but seeing Amber with his wife.  It was as if Amber
was coming onto Debbie, and Debbie's response was just as incomprehensible as
his own feelings.  His wife just stood still as Amber seemed to come onto her. 
What seemed to be happening couldn't be, Brett thought as he saw Amber point
Debbie towards the door of the dressing room before propelling her forward by
pushing her luscious backside.

"Off you go.  Let's get you ready for the next set."

Debbie hesitated for a second before walking with a series of clicks as her high
heels struck the floor.  She looked over her shoulder...but not at Brett, but at
Amber; unconsciously acknowledging her life would be centered around the strong
who now dominated her and not the weak, her husband who seemed to now
participate in her degradation.

Brett looked at her shapely legs as she walked towards the dressing room
wondering what was in store for him, his wife and their disintegrating marriage.

************************************************************************

Rachel then instructed her assistants to ready the set for the finale.

Meanwhile, Stephanie ordered Brett to stand up and drop his pants.  He eagerly
complied, thinking that he might finally get the long needed relief that he had
been so desperately craving.

"I am going to take off your cock ring for now, but if you disappoint me, you
will be in it for the next month with no exceptions.  Do I make myself clear?" 
The tone of her voice scared Brett.  There was something about this girl that
made Brett feel very uneasy.

"Yes, Mistress Stephanie.  I understand."  He timidly replied.

"Good, now if you are a good little slave boy, you will get to play with your
puny penis.  But if not..." Stephanie paused before adding, "Now pull your pants
and panties back up and sit here like a good slave boy and get ready to tell
your wife how much you want her to follow our directions."

Brett should have surmised from Stephanie's comment that something terrible was
about to happen, but all he could think about at this point was how much his
cock hurt and how badly he needed to orgasm.

************************************************************************

The set was transformed to that of a nightclub.  There was a single stage in
front with a standing microphone.  A single couch was placed behind the stage in
the back.  Due to the heavy lighting on the stage, the couch was nearly lost in
the shadows behind.

Brett was wondering what the girls had in store for Debbie this time, but before
he could complete his line of thought he was struck by the sight of Stephanie
guiding a very large black man to the couch behind the stage.

He was impeccably dressed in a skin-tight black shirt, green sports jacket, and
black slacks.  Brett was taken aback by the man's size.  He must have been 6 ft.
5 or more.  He was a very handsome man with a linebacker's build.  His head was
shaven bald glistening in the bright lights and he sported an imposing full
goatee.

"Uncle Brett, I want you to meet Malcolm.  Malcolm, this our lovely housewife's
husband." Stephanie said as she introduced the two gentlemen.

"Glad to meet you Brett.  I have to tell you that I've been watching the shoot
and I am very excited to get to work with your beautiful wife." Malcolm said,
his voice having a very deep timbre.

Astonished by the sudden turn of events, Brett didn't know how to reply so he
just stood dumbfounded at the hulking figure towering over him before Malcolm
went to seat himself on the set.

Darkness enveloped Brett and Stephanie.  Taking advantage, Stephanie grabbed
Brett violently by the balls.  Stephanie warned him about all he had to lose;
his job, his family, his marriage, and his cock if he dared cross her now.  "You
will encourage your poor wife and allow her to experience a real man for once in
her life.  It will be her choice, she can choose you or him, but you must
reassure her, or else!  If you are a good slave boy, then I just might let you
play with my penis some.  Now, when Debbie comes out I want you to do the
following..."

************************************************************************

Debbie emerged from the changing room.  Although the effects of the drugs had
diminished, Amber had harangued, humiliated and warned her.  Her niece had once
again imposed her will so obliterating what reservations she had.  She feared
her niece so terribly much.

Amber clothed her in a beautiful iridescent purple dress.  A wispy feather boa
edged the plunging neckline, she was grateful for the cover given by the
overstated edging for she was naked beneath the satin like material.  Her large
breasts liquidly bobbed so that her nipples began to shamefully harden from the
stimulation of the smooth material rubbing against her nubbins.  The cool air
wafted around her columnar, curvaceous legs and seemed to insinuate between her
thighs reminding her that she was pantyless.  The hem was mid thigh, and as she
now came to accept, she had been shod in some form of slut heels - this time
clear platform sandals, four-inch thick soles and commensurate towering heels. 
Her gait was a sexily rolling as she walked nervously towards the center of the
set.

Platinum blonde hair and cosmetics repaired, she turned to see her 'co-star'
rise.  He was still in the shadow and as he stood up he seemed to tower over
her.  Then Debbie saw his face come into the light...

"Eeeeekkkk...Y-Your...african-american," she gasped as she raised a delicate
hand to her glossy lips in shocked reaction.

"No, baby girl," Malcolm said grinning so much that his gold tooth glittered in
the light.

"No, I'm not african-american...."

"...I'm blaaaacccckkkk..."

************************************************************************

..... What will happen to the beautiful Debbie? Will her cruel nieces continue
with their evil destruction of the good which Debbie represented, will they
continue with their ruthless enslavement of her? Or will Brett break the grip of
Stephanie and Amber, rescuing his wife and marriage. What will happen in the
next chapter? Wait and wonder....

To be continued... If you have any story line ideas for future chapters, or
would like to comment on the story please e-mail me at wifefantasy@hotmail.com.




Housewife's Awakening
(MF, F+/F, wife, reluctant, humiliation, spanking, toys, exhibition,
interracial)

If you enjoy this story please e-mail me at wifefantasy@hotmail.com to let me
know.  If you have an idea for how this story should continue, please let me
know and I will work it into one of the upcoming chapters.

Chapter Ten - The Photo Shoot continued

By WF and CG


Amber seemed frozen to the spot as Debbie came onto the set and again held her
forearm as she whispered into her aunt's ear.

"This is getting to be a habit.  One more word out of you and I swear I'll have
Stephanie whip the skin off your big backside."  Amber could almost feel the
terror run down her aunt's spine.  At least from that aspect they had succeeded
in training Debbie, thought Amber.  She was in absolute dread of what would
happen if she should annoy her or Stephanie - she and her sister were Debbie's
feared mistresses.  Amber though, wanted to grind her down and humiliate her
aunt until there was nothing left of her independent adult self.

"Malcolm.  I'm sorry about Debbie.  She ought to know better, her being on the
PTA committee for promoting tolerance and all, but she comes from southern
stock.  You know some of these primitive prejudices are difficult to eradicate." 
Malcolm gave a thin smile before turning his jaundiced yellow eyes on the
luscious woman.  "I guess if she does as Rachel says I might find it in myself
to forgive her."

"Hear that slut," Amber resumed her whispering in Debbie's ear.  "Malcolm is
kind enough to overlook your rudeness and stupidity.  You're going to get real
close to him in the next few minutes.  Now don't upset him or me...or else!"

Debbie nodded.  Besides the now normal abuse and threats she suffered, there was
the knowledge of her reaction.  She had always thought of herself as emancipated
but all that had happened was revealing more and more of her subconscious fears. 
How could she respond in such a way in seeing Malcolm?  Responding like a
delicate southern belle being faced with a black slave.  How could she, after
all she was the one being enslaved...

"Hurry up!  Each minute is costing money.  Let's get ready for the next set,"
Rachel said to Stephanie and Amber.  The girls silently nodded. Debbie felt her
pulse racing even more and her mind swirl with the thought of what she was about
to do with the African-American, no black man.

I can't be doing this...I can't be doing this, a small voice in the back of her
mind screamed.  She would have to trust that Brett would come to her rescue
because she was no longer capable of resisting her evil nieces.  But then wasn't
she here because of Brett?  And she wasn't the only one who had revealed part of
their concealed character.  Besides only caring for his own pleasure, she had
seen how weak her husband appeared.  He was indecisive and passive, unlike
Stephanie and Amber.

With the drugs clearing from her Debbie was becoming more aware of her
predicament...and how helpless she was.  She felt like a doll, a flesh doll,
dressed and presented by her nieces... her mistresses. To do as they willed.
Stephanie pressed behind her soft buttocks and propelled her towards her Nubian
partner.

"Go to it Auntie Debbie. Show everyone what a hot slut you can be.  And how much
you love big black cock."

I can't be doing this... I can't be doing this... She repeated to herself as she
scarcely heard Stephanie's cruelly humiliating words. But with her breasts
joggling and the high heels of her platform shoes clicking on the concrete floor
she paused and stood for a moment.  Her legs felt like water, and she wasn't
sure if she could go through with this.

She was taken aback by the force of the lights illuminating the stage.  The set
lights blinded her and seemed to be moving in and out as Debbie tried to
concentrate on keeping her balance as she teetered towards the microphone
standing in the center of the brightly-lit stage.

Seeing his wife take the stage, Brett couldn't believe he was doing this.  Guilt
was racking his insides, but he somehow hoped that Debbie would be strong and
put an end to this craziness before it got too far out of hand.

"Brett you'd better give your wife encouragement.  Or else!" Stephanie whispered
her threat in Brett's ear.  There was a moment's hesitation before his weak
voice penetrated the darkness.

"Bravo, bravo, you look so wonderful sweetness!  Thank you for acting out this
special birthday scene for me.  You are going to be so great.  I can't wait to
watch you.  Please do everything that Rachel ask of you and you will make me the
happiest husband on earth."

Hearing her husband's words, Debbie looked around for him, but couldn't see him
through the veil of light.  She couldn't believe what she was hearing and wanted
to see his face.  But there was no denying that it was his voice that was
applauding and cheering her onward.  Why was he so enthusiastic now, when he
showed so little interest in her just last night, she wondered to herself?

Amber silently whispered into Debbie's ear.  "Brett told us that he can't wait
to see you in this scene.  He said that it has always been his secret fantasy to
watch you with a black man."

"W-Why really?" Debbie stammered as she was overtaken by a sudden sense of
confusion.  Why would her husband want to see her with another man?  She didn't
know what to do and couldn't seem to get her thoughts together.  That was until
her attention was directed back to the black gentleman standing next to her on
the stage.

Malcolm reached out his hand to great his co-star.  "Don't worry baby girl, I'll
do you real good."

Debbie felt foolish for not wanting to shake his hand as his big hand engulfed
her small dainty fingers. It was then that she looked down and saw the outline
of what looked like a roll of sausage, between his legs. Her mouth dropped open
in amazement. That couldn't be his penis! But, what was it? Why would he put
something in his pants? Could it possibly be real?  Maybe they really are
animals! Horses! She looked back up at his face, and whenever she thought he
wasn't looking, she kept glancing at the lump in his slacks while Rachel
explained the scene.

Debbie had never had any desire to see another man besides her husband, but now,
she was curious to see if he was real. She wanted to know if any man could be
that big, she would never believe it, unless she actually saw it with her own
eyes.

Debbie tried to regain her composure as the drugs, the strange surroundings, and
the pressure of the situation were beginning to overwhelm her.

Stephanie whispered into Brett's ear.  "Are you ready to see your little wife
make a whore of herself to save your pathetic hide?  You should be ashamed of
yourself, but after all, you are just a worthless prick.  You know you don't
know any better and ought to just leave the thinking to those who can."

Brett had always secretly fantasized about seeing his wife with another man. 
Even given this secret fantasy, he wasn't sure he could go through with this
even if his wife and that giant black man were only going to pose in suggestive
positions.  But he had another fear.  Those 'harmless' earlier poses had
developed into something far more heated...what if the same process occurred
now?

He sat down and nervously watched on as the shoot started with the lights going
out except for the veil of bright set lights focusing on the stage.

Rachel directed Malcolm back to the couch and led a clearly nervous Debbie to
the standing microphone on the stage.  "Okay, now sweetie, I will give you
direction and you follow.  Don't think about anything but my voice.  Now first I
want you to pretend to sing into the microphone."

Debbie looked apprehensive and unsure of herself, as she became the center of
attention.  She followed her directions as best she could.  She was feeling so
disoriented by this turn of events.  She found it difficult tearing her hazel
eyes from the seated figure she was meant to perform for.  She could see muscles
bulging, the raw power.  And she found her eyes again nervously drifting to the
man's crotch.  And of course she was naked beneath her purple chemise.  She was
to play the part of a woman in thrall to a gangster.  She was a puppet while
being dressed in her revealing dress and now a puppet about to perform in a faux
drama.

"Very good.  Now I want you to take the microphone and pull it between your legs
and slightly lean back.  Yes...Yes...that's it...now look deeply into the
camera...great...keep it up...now close your legs around the stand...Great."

FLASH...FLASH...She was blinded.  Her heart thumped even harder as she realized
that it was beginning again.

************************************************************************

"Hubby, how does your pretty little wife look?" Rachel prompted before warning, 
"Don't forget.  Encourage her!"

And as trained Brett piped up.  "Debbie, sweetheart, you look incredible. Keep
it up, you are doing fantastic." He said with as much fake enthusiasm as he
could muster.

"I want you to start talking dirty and nasty to Aunt Debbie for the rest of the
shoot and then maybe you can earn the right to touch my cock." Stephanie
offered.

"That's it!  Now Brett, is it okay for Debbie to lower the straps off her
shoulders? It will look real sexy." Rachel asked.

"Y-y-yes, please, sweetie, lower the straps on your dress for me." Brett
stammered, shaking as he watched his beautiful wife in awe as she started to
strip.

Hearing her husband's voice and now conditioned to instinctively follow
commands, Debbie began to lower the straps as Rachel clicked away. Debbie closed
her heavily made up eyes, took a deep breath and with trembling fingers she
lowered the straps even further exposing her heaving breasts to the camera and
to Malcolm who had been watching her from the sofa.

Debbie felt herself slipping into the part only too well.  Maybe it was partly
due to the residual effects of the drugs, but she seemed to be drifting into a
world where she really was a blackmailed singer performing for a brutal
gangster.

Rachel then nodded to Malcolm, a signal to get started.  He raised his heavily
muscled body off of the sofa and approached Debbie from behind.  For a moment,
Debbie trembled as she was aware of his presence behind her.  She was aware of
how the powerful figure towered over her and when his black hands touched the
smooth skin of her shoulders an electric current seemed to shoot down her spine. 
Malcolm leaned forward, his hot breath sending shivers down her spine as it
washed over her neck.

FLASH...FLASH...Rachel was taking photographs as Malcolm leaned over her.

"So you've got something against blacks.  Well baby girl, this black has
something against you..."

"Oh my god," Debbie said to herself as she heard the whispered words.  Her
breasts rose and fell even more agitatedly but in thrall to the situation
Stephanie and Amber had so carefully engineered.  Debbie remained still.  Rachel
then told Debbie to reach behind her and pull Malcolm into her body.  Debbie let
out a gasp because as she reached back to grab him, he intentionally pulled
himself into her and she could feel his hardness on her ass.  Debbie realized
that like the earlier photo shoot: things were spinning out of control.

"You know what I'm going to do baby girl.  I'm going to touch those gorgeous
tits of yours.  And you're not going to do a thing to stop me!"

"No...No.  I can't stop you...," she said weakly as she was beset by more
flashes.

Malcolm's words washed over her.  Debbie was aware that her reaction was almost
pavlovian...to her domination and her subsequent submission.  Although aware,
she found herself powerless to resist the drives and reactions inculcated within
her by her nieces.  Her breathing became labored as Malcolm raised his hands and
cupped her breasts from behind while the camera clicked away.  He pushed up the
big globes so that the creamy skinned melons threatened to escape the confines
of her chemise.

"Please..." one word, but Debbie was unsure whether it was a plea for him to
stop, or a plea for more of what was happening.  She raised her slender arms and
placed her hands on Malcolm's.  Her hand seemed so small as compared to his and
her skin so pale against his dark skin.

"Great shot.  Look at the camera Debbie," FLASH.  Debbie was discovering that
although she had a partner this time, the camera would concentrate on her.

Moaning as the hands became more assertive, they were roving over her luscious
body, forcing the silky cloth of her dress to rub against her soft skin.  She
could feel her upper chest getting hot, especially when Malcolm's hands slid to
encompass her big breasts.  Her nipples were beginning to strain into the strong
hands that held them tightly as her breasts heaved as she breathed more heavily. 
Her moans became loader as a hand reached into the neckline of her iridescent
chemise and grasped her breast.  Debbie stared down at her breast flesh as the
black skinned hand stood in contrast to her white flesh.  His fingers moved over
her before he reached up and casually tore at her dress ripping the material to
reveal her pink tipped globes.  Half startled at the brazenness of the act,
Debbie froze for a moment before subsuming herself to Malcolm; hardly noticing
the series of flashes as the hand roved over her globe, the touch sending
thrills across the surface of her breast.

"Nice...very nice...now come around front, Malcolm." Rachel instructed.

Malcolm put his giant black hand on her stark white tit, and slowly rotated it,
pinching her nipple.  His lips nipped at the nape of her neck sending gasp
inducing thrills down her spine.  She turned and twisted her face before turning
her head.  She had the urge to kiss him, but Malcolm stopped her.

"No white slut kisses me.  Understand slut.  Your lips are for something else!"
Malcolm growled.  Debbie stared up into the jaundice eyes, "Y-Yes...s-sir...,"
she said before gasping again as he nibbled at her neck.  "Yes, those soft lips,
very soft...these will do just fine for something else."  After which he slowly
slid his long tongue down her torn neckline and encircled her tit before
engulfing her throbbing nipple in his wet mouth.

************************************************************************

As Brett watched, he noticed the contrast between Malcolm and Debbie's skin
colors.  Debbie's creamy white body standing next to Malcolm's deep ebony black
was a very striking contrast.  Rachel was more than aware of this.  Nothing sold
better than a set of a white bitch getting fucked by a black stud.  Mrs. Debbie
Andrews would in due course find herself being part of the inter-racial porn
market.  Debbie was going to be sucking and fucking whether she liked it or
not...and that went for Mr. Wimp Husband as well.

Turning to look at the shadowy figure of Stephanie, Rachel signaled and on cue
she heard Brett's tremulous voice.

"Debbie you look so fucking hot while he sucks on your fantastic tits.  I can't
believe how incredibly sexy you are.  Please, please continue."

Debbie could hear her husband's voice.  His voice seemed disembodied.  Brett
said for her to carry on...and of course she had the overwhelming presence of
the muscular figure of Malcolm behind her.  Debbie knew at that moment she would
be metaphorically, in Rachel's hands as well as physically in Malcolm's.

Rachel instructed Debbie to stand up tall and lean back with her eyes closed. 
Debbie stood up as straight as possible and thrust her tits out as far as she
could.  Malcolm got behind her. He began rubbing his hands up and down the
outside of Debbie's dress on the sides. His hands would lightly start at her
waist; move up the sides to her exposed breasts.  He would then slowly massage
her creamy round melons before sliding ever so gently down past her flat
stomach.  He then let his giant hands run over the velvety, perfect, round
globes of her ass, as he pulled her even closer to him.  Her butt cheeks were
warm, firm, and perfectly shaped, and when he squeezed them with his long,
strong fingers, she couldn't help but moan.  When he pulled them apart, allowing
the room's cool air to flood into the crack of her ass and over her asshole,
Debbie moaned again. 

Finally, he inserted both hands in her crotch...moved around to the outside of
her thighs again, and then back up to her tiny waist. Over and over he kept
doing this for a good 5 minutes or so. Despite her inhibitions, Debbie was
starting to enjoy his caresses.  She felt so erotic having these strong hands
exploring all that she had to offer.

************************************************************************

Brett watched with growing guilt over the pressing arousal that he was feeling
as he watched another man touching his wife so intimately.  He could not believe
how incredibly erotic it was to watch his sexy wife being manhandled by this
black stud who literally towered over her.  He wanted to halt the proceedings
but his throbbing cock was preventing him from doing so.  He felt awful for
wanting it, but he felt a morbid fascination as he watched events unfold.

After the constant touching, Malcolm started to whisper in Debbie's ear very
softly in the deepest tone that Debbie had ever heard, what he wanted her to do.
With Brett sitting about 6 feet away, it looked to him like Debbie was acting on
her own now, because he couldn't hear Malcolm whisper these commands.

"Pull off my jacket.  Good.  Now slowly unbutton my shirt, and let it slide over
my shoulders to the floor" was his first whisper.

Debbie did just that. Her mind was no longer able to tell who was giving her
instructions, just that she needed to follow them.  Her slave training was
starting to embed in her subconscious as she continued to try to please the
commanding voice.

She seemed all fingers and thumbs as she slowly undid the buttons on Malcolm's
shirt.  And when Malcolm's shirt finally fell to the floor, Debbie let a small
sigh escape her lips as she looked over Malcolm's very developed torso.  He was
extremely muscular with a wash board stomach and seemed to have biceps the size
of Brett's legs.  His ebony black skin had a polished glow under the set lights. 
Debbie couldn't help looking at the ripples on his chest, then his abs. 
"Ohmigod...are you like so totally in shape," she giggled as she let her hands
roam over his muscular chest.  Amber flashed a quick smile at Stephanie.  Auntie
slut was slipping into teen-slut speak without prompting.  This was going to be
so hot!

"Did you see that you little wimp?  Auntie Debbie must really be hot for that
big black bull.  Do you have a washboard stomach like he does?" Stephanie teased
Brett, watching his face turn red.

Brett watched on as his wife's hands continued to slide over Malcolm's chest and
rippling abs.  The diminutive housewife was now posed standing with her tits
pressed into his massive chest.  Her husband watched this erotic scene
unfolding, struggling with jealousy and from being intensely turned on at the
same time.  He gasped for breath as he felt precum starting to seep from his
throbbing cock, and briefly thought that he should stop this obscene display,
but he had Stephanie's maligned presence next to him.

"Now put your arms on my shoulders" was his next command, and again Debbie did
just that. This time, Malcolm put his hands around her waist and pushed her
dress down until it fell to the floor revealing Debbie's luscious body to all.

"My God!  She was now naked. My sweet wife, naked with all eyes in the room
glued to her."  Brett thought as he tried to remain calm.

As the pictures were snapped, Malcolm's hands slowly glided up her body, until
finally they cupped her breasts.  Debbie's eyes fluttered and her mouth opened
taking in a quick breath. As her lungs filled, her tits melted into his strong
hands. Relaxing from his touch, Debbie leaned back as the large black hands
continued to grope her lush body.

The black giant leaned over her and began to explore her with his large, soft,
wet lips and tongue.  Debbie felt like a little girl in his hands, and it was a
feeling that she was enjoying.  He pinned her hands above her head and began to
suck at her armpits, running his tongue and full lips over the soft, sensitive
skin, first one and then the other.  He licked and sucked the undersides of her
arms, and then moved his mouth to her full swollen breasts.

He sucked and bit gently on the outside of each one.  Rather than move his
mouth, he moved her breasts to him by pulling on her hard nipples.  Then he
concentrated on the underside of each heaving tit.  Debbie was sucking air in
huge gulps as her breasts swelled and grew more sensitive under the attack. 
Malcolm was really getting to her with his hot, wet mouth.  And she got to him
as well.  Her perfect breasts, her swollen nipples, her sweet skin, fragrant
hair, tight, flat belly, and her perfect, hard, round ass.  Malcolm thought to
himself that she could get to anybody.

The beautiful young housewife felt dizzy as he cupped her ass cheeks, lightly
squeezing them.  A slight moan came come out of the excited woman's mouth, as
she reached behind her and put her hands on his wrist, adding to the erotic
contrast of black on white.

While continuing their kiss, Malcolm reached down and unbuckled his pants
allowing them to slide to the floor.  Now all that separated Debbie from this
ebony monster was a pair of black bikini style underwear.

"Now slide your tongue down my neck until you get to my chest.  That's it...very
good...now suck on my nipple baby girl." Malcolm whispered softly and Debbie
obeyed.

As Debbie slid her tongue down Malcolm's huge chest she discovered that his
pants had been removed. She was so swept away that she had not noticed.

Why doesn't Brett grab me and take me away from his huge black hands and those
lips?  Why won't my husband protect me?  Doesn't Brett love me anymore?  Why are
my tits...I mean, my breasts and pussy so swollen, and why have they taken over
her mind? These questions kept racing through her confused mind as she continued
to explore his massive chest with her extended tongue.

"You are doing great sweetie.  Now I need for you to put your left hand on
Malcolm's thigh and pull away from his nipple and just lick at it for me." 
Rachel interjected as her camera continued to record every moment.

FLASH...FLASH

"You have to admit that this is really hot stuff.  Wow, Aunt Debbie looks really
turned on!  I've never seen her like this before." Stephanie mocked her uncle.

Brett was not sure if he had seen his loving wife this excited before either,
and that was really beginning to bother him.  "What if she decides she likes him
better than me?"  He worriedly thought to himself as his now engorged cock ached
for relief.

"Mistress Stephanie, can I please play with my cock?" Brett begged as he watched
his wife's tongue bathing Malcolm's massive chest.

Malcolm moved his hand slowly away from her breasts, down her warm sculpted
belly, then up between her legs.  Debbie let her legs fall open, tensed, and
waited for his hand to find her.  Her pussy was open, wet, hot, and ready for
his touch.  Debbie was sure that everyone in the room could see the moisture
that was starting to show on her quivering cunt lips. Not saying a word, Malcolm
turned her around, grabbing her hand. He placed it on the crotch of his
underwear before saying, "This is what's waiting for you...think you can handle
it?" Debbie began to massage this bulge that was much bigger than her husbands
had ever been.

Debbie clutched the enormous tent pushing out of his underwear.  "Ohmigod your
so big, so like so hung and stuff...." she sighed.  "I can't believe how huge it
is.  It is so totally awesome," Debbie giggled as her eyes widened in unabashed
excitement.

For some reason she couldn't keep her eyes from looking at his massive cock. It
was real!  The normally conservative housewife had never even imagined anything
that big.  "How in God's name could a woman take that inside her? Maybe, black
women were larger than white women?"  She thought to herself before looking up
and seeing Malcolm smiling down at her.  If he puts that thing in me, I'll never
be the same.

Malcolm knew that the petite housewife was fascinated with the size of his
monster dick.  "Would you like to touch him for a moment? You could watch him
grow to his full size."  Malcolm proudly whispered into Debbie's ear.

Brett has a respectable seven inches, and that used to be enough.  But now, I
keep thinking of a twelve-inch dick, that is more than twice as big around than
his. Would it even fit? What's wrong with me?  Why am I thinking like this?  I
can't be doing this.  I just can't.  I'm not like this.  Debbie argued with
herself while her hands slowly inched up to the waistband on Malcolm's
underwear.

Sensing her apprehension Malcolm tried to comfort her, "It's all for you baby
girl....just ask real nice and pull it out," he whispered his order into her
ear.

Debbie wrapped her thumbs inside of the waistband and looked up at Malcolm,
towering over her.  "Can I feel your totally awesome big black cock?"  She
slowly pulled the underwear down, and lifted out his rising black rod. Dumbly,
Debbie just kept starring at it.  Malcolm lightly pushed down on her shoulders
and Debbie followed his lead, for she knew what he wanted. She only could guess
if she could do it.

"Get on your knees and get ready to feel what a real cock is like," he whispered
in her ear as he gently nibbled her lobe.  Brett watched his wife slowly kneel
before the black giant.  She stopped cold as she came face to face with his
monstrous tool.  She just looked at it for a few moments.

"Go ahead and touch it," he ordered.  Knowing what would happen next, Stephanie
crunched Brett's balls together violently and told him that he would suffer much
worse if he fucked with her now.  "Give her your approval.  Tell her to get
nasty with that wonderful cock!"

"D-Debbie, you sweet little slut, do it!  I want to see you get nasty with his
black cock.  You are doing wonderfully."  Brett spat out doubled over in pain. 
"You know you want his bid dick."

Hearing her husband distantly, Debbie looked out beyond the veil of light but
she still couldn't see him.  Looking towards the front of the stage
apologetically, Debbie reached up with her hand and wrapped her soft white
fingers around his pulsing black member.  "I shouldn't be doing this, my husband
will be so hurt.  But he seems to want this."

Malcolm casually took Debbie's hand in his. He brought her hand over his crotch
and lowered it onto his dick. Debbie was paralyzed! She didn't know what to do.
She could feel it getting bigger! Oh My God! It was sticking straight out at her
nose.  It must have been 12 or 14 inches long. It looked like a big charcoal
log! He removed his hand, but she couldn't remove hers. She was moving her
fingers around, and over it. Her slender fingers wouldn't even go halfway around
it.

"Move your fingers up and down the shaft," he whispered in that deep sexy voice
that reached right into her core and pulled her towards him.

Debbie's fingers had a mind of their own. They felt like they were separated
from the rest of her body. She stroked up and down as best as she could. But
Malcolm's cock was too big for him to get much feeling from only Debbie's small
hand.

"Use your other hand, too," he said softly.

She reached over with her other hand and found that stroking him this way was
much easier.  The once proud housewife was now completely mesmerized with the
feel and size of this giant black cock in her petite hands.  As she continued to
stroke the black monster Debbie found herself looking for Brett and wondering
what he was thinking about while he watched her lewd display.

Brett could see the humiliation and shame in his wife's eyes.  He could also see
something else, he could see that his wife was getting genuinely excited.  To
say that he was surprised was an understatement.  He couldn't believe that she
was willingly allowing another man to touch her so intimately.  She couldn't
take her eyes off of that immense prick.

"Don't look at him," Malcolm ordered, "look at me."  Amber leaned over and
whispered in Debbie's ear.  "Yeah, you heard your husband, he wants you to get
nasty with this big black cock.  Now, I want you to show everyone what a teenie
slut you are auntie dear."  Amber scolded the confused housewife.

"You wanna suck that long black cock, don't you, Auntie Debbie? You want to get
a taste of some sweet black meat, don't' you bitch?" Amber crudely asked. "Tell
Malcolm what you want to do!"

"I" she said slowly "I want to..."

"You want to what?" Malcolm questioned.

"I want to suck your cock..."

"Say it louder or else." Amber whispered into her ear.

"I want to suck your cock!" Debbie said loudly enough so that everyone in the
room could hear.

"Say it right, you know, like the little teenie mall slut that you are, like the
jail bait tramp that puts out for all the black guys, do it...say it right,"
Amber kept urging, pressuring Debbie.

"Like, I get it, Mister...Mister, please lem'me...lem'me put your big dick in my
teenie slut mouth cause I can't get enough black cock."  Debbie was so pleased,
she had tried so hard to ask just the way her Mistresses liked.

Distressed, Brett listened as his loving wife knelt in front of a black man and
begged to suck his cock.  He couldn't believe what he was seeing and hearing. 
If he hadn't seen it with his own eyes he would never had believed it.  His
horrified feelings of insecurity were starting to mount as he compared his body
to that of Malcolm's.

"Open your mouth and kiss it," Malcolm quietly urged.

I can't! I can't take that thing into my mouth! But he has my mouth pressed
against the head, and struggling would be useless. He is too strong! I will open
my mouth, just to lick it for a minute. It is smooth and not bad at all. Slowly
I try to get the head into my mouth. My mouth is stretched so wide, as just the
head goes inside. I just held it there, and licked the head. My hands were still
stroking the shaft. He must be really excited, because I think I feel his dick
stiffening, and getting bigger, if that's possible.  Debbie thought to herself
as she struggled to suck his pulsating member into her stretched mouth.

Brett continued to watch in utter shock and dismay as his faithful wife leaned
forward to rub her lips onto the wet cock head, glossing it was a thick film of
slimy liquid pre cum, rubbing her dainty nose into the slimy muck. Then her
tongue slowly began to taste his dark snake running up its length and licking up
the drooling venom from its tip.

"How does it taste?" Malcolm whispered smiling down at her.

Debbie again looked to Brett for guidance.  Stephanie gave his balls a savage
twist.  Brett immediately shouted out to her, "Do it, Debbie.  Suck that cock
and make me proud."

"Very good slave boy.  Now for being so good you can rub your tiny, useless cock
through your pants if you want, but you better not cum without permission."
Stephanie praised her toy.

Brett's right hand immediately took hold of his painful erection through his
pants.  He was ashamed to be openly fondling himself but his cock was so swollen
that it actually ached and he knew that only one thing would bring him relief. 
He couldn't see the four digital camcorders that recorded his every move. 
Oblivious, he stroked himself as he watched his wife play with Malcolm's now
fully erect behemoth.

"Auntie slut, Uncle Brett thinks you are so hot like this.  He is so turned on
watching you. Now go ahead and answer Malcolm before I have to take his big cock
away from your slutty mouth." Amber whispered into Debbie's ear.

Debbie continued to lightly stroke Malcolm's cock back and forth, still starring
at it before answering. "Mmm?" she said looking up at him. Not sure what to say.
"It feels like so totally cool and nice on my hot tongue."

"Go ahead baby girl, suck it. This is what you wanted, now go for it, suck that
black cock like you do all the time," he demanded. Debbie wasn't used to being
talked to like that.  She had never done anything like this before.  It all
sounded so terrible but she didn't have any choice.  She wanted to stand up for
herself but instead she found herself submitting as she was being trained to do. 
Obediently, the submissive housewife began to lick the shaft up and down, then
taking the head into her mouth...little at a time, then more and more.  She was
embarrassed by the loud slurping sounds that she made as she got progressively
more active in her attentions to the massive dick in her hands.

By this time, Brett was openly rubbing his meat through his pants, shamefully
enjoying the show.  "I can't believe she got that thing in her mouth.  She
shouldn't complain about oral sex with me anymore after taking him like that.  I
wonder if she will still want me after this is all over?"  From the side, Rachel
and Stephanie watched Brett writhing under his own touch.  The camera was
catching it all, not only Brett's obscene behavior, but also the fact that he
was watching his wife suck off a black man for his entertainment.

Amber looked towards one of the stage crew who lowered the intensity of the
lights on the stage allowing those on the stage to see their surroundings. 
"Look at your husband, we haven't even started yet, and he's already enjoying
himself...aren't you Brett" Amber said laughing. Debbie looked over and saw that
Brett was stroking himself through his pants in time with the strokes Debbie was
making up and down Malcolm's cock.  Debbie felt bad for her husband.  How could
she make him watch her do these terrible things with a totally strange black
man?  Amber knelt next to her.  "Don't you feel guilty?  Don't you want to help
Uncle Brett?  You're the one who got him that way.  Tell him its okay to play
with himself...with his little dick."

Pulling the big black cock out of her mouth with a 'pop', Debbie said to her
husband, "Why don't you take it out and relieve yourself.  It's okay with me. 
Play with that little dick."  God, what had she said...his little dick...she
didn't mean to say that but...Malcolm was forcing her mouth back over his thick
rod and she stopped thinking about Brett at all.

Brett looked to Stephanie for approval and all she said was, "Not yet, keep it
zipped."

"Uncle Brett is too ashamed to play with his little dick and to be compared to a
real man like Malcolm." Amber informed her aunt as she pulled a chair onto the
stage.  The stage crew increased the intensity of the set lights so that Debbie
was once again lost to her surroundings.

"Get on your knees and let me see that pretty ass of yours," Malcolm commanded. 
Debbie did as she was told. She had a perfect round ass. Malcolm gripped her
cheeks and spread her open. She felt his tongue darting into her asshole and
then along her pussy lips. He alternated between sucking and probing her asshole
and her now drenched pussy.

After Malcolm felt comfortable that his ministrations were relaxing the
bewildered housewife, he bent over and started to really eat Debbie's quivering
pussy. He licked around the hairless skin surrounding her cunt.  His long fat
tongue began to explore her most private area, and he delighted in her
incredible wetness.  He bit her until she groaned in pleasure/pain, then he
tasted her asshole.  It was juicy and sweet from the young wife's pussy cream,
which ran out of her cunt and down her backside.  He ran his tongue up inside
her, loving the tight sucking sensation of her anus.

Brett had full view of Malcolm's tongue while it licked up, down, back and
forth, and darting in and out of her pussy.  He watched as he saw his wife
biting her lip trying to hold back sounds of pleasure.  Sounds that she knew
would embarrass her watchful husband who sat only 6 ft. away.

After only a few minutes, Debbie was squirming and the light of intensifying
stimulation was unmistakably clear in her eyes.  Malcolm grinned as he felt her
slight body movements betraying her growing arousal.

He inserted two fingers into the excited housewife's drenched pussy and began to
finger-fuck her with slow steady strokes.  His other hand came up to her pubic
mound and Brett could see him rubbing at his wife's clit.  His fingers were
coated in her juices and shone under the intensity of the stage lights.

Debbie remained still while he fingered her.  She tried to hide her budding
excitement, but in glimpses, her husband could see the slow rise of excitement
in her eyes and the longer Malcolm fondled her pussy, the higher her excitement
rose.

"Turn over and lay on your back," Malcolm whispered deeply into the quivering
housewife's ear and Debbie quietly obeyed as she continued to try to hide her
growing arousal from her husband's watchful eyes.

Malcolm then grasped her legs and raised them until they rested on his
shoulders. He leaned forward and spread Debbie's cunt lips apart in search of
her clit.

My cock is rock hard as I watch this man licking and sucking at my wife's pussy. 
What's wrong with me?  How can I be excited by this degrading spectacle?  I
don't understand why she's allowing this to happen?  Brett wondered.  He was
growing angry but his hand kept stroking his erection through his pants. 
Sensing his inner turmoil, Stephanie couldn't help but add to his misery.

"Auntie Debbie sure seems to be enjoying herself," she said as she laughed at
the site of her uncle openly trying to stroke his cock through his pants.

Debbie watched as Malcolm lowered his mouth and clamped onto her pussy.  By the
movement of his jaws Debbie could tell he was licking at her pussy for all he
was worth, no doubt digging his tongue in to lick out her sweet juices.  She
could feel his mouth encircle her engorged clit.  As he began to gently suck,
her clit felt like it was set on fire.  She didn't want to orgasm with another
man in front of her husband, but if he kept this up she wouldn't be able to
resist much longer.  How would Brett feel when her hips and breasts heaved
through her orgasm as he sat and watched?

Looking along Debbie's lush body Brett saw that she was starting to feel the
affects of this man's mouth; her breasts, though partially flattened against her
chest were starting to rise and fall at a faster rate, their flesh gently
wobbling in time to her breathing. He looked at her face and saw that she had
her eyes closed, her lower lip was caught between her teeth as though to hold
back any utterance of the pleasure she must surely be feeling.  Debbie's
breathing was heavy and uneven, her breasts now bouncing and quivering on her
chest as he drove her up the scale of mounting lust.

"I can't do this...to...h-him...must be...-s-strong..." Debbie said to herself
as Malcolm continued to drive the now quivering blonde crazy with his tongue.

He sucked at her dripping cunt for a few moments, thrusting his tongue into her
to lap at her now flowing juices.  Then he moved back to slide his tongue up and
down her slit; each time he licked along her slit Brett was able to see the
action of his tongue. As his tongue reached her clit, Malcolm swirled his tongue
over and around it and it wasn't long before this started to really get to
Debbie.  She tried to bite her lip and shut her eyes, but she couldn't hide the
fact that this man was gradually pushing her closer to a climax with each
movement of his tongue.

Try as she might, Debbie finally let a long moan escape her clenched lips,
"Ooohhhh....ahh...ah...ah."  Hearing this Malcolm looked up and smiled.

"Wow, hear that?  Your wife really must love having a real man between her legs
for a change," Stephanie further tormented her uncle.  "Are you ready to watch
your wife cum?"

The humiliated husband watched on as he saw his wife's body starting to tense,
her fists balled and her head began to move slowly from side to side as though
in denial of the sensations that were pushing her to the edge of orgasm.  He was
not far from his own orgasm.

Debbie was desperately trying to fight back the mounting tide of excitement
building within her.  Sensing that the gorgeous housewife's body was ready to
betray her, Malcolm stepped it up a gear.  He twisted and thrust his tongue into
her pussy and for long moments he pressed his lips tight to hers so that he
could take her clit fully into his mouth.

In no time, Debbie started to gasp and eventually those gasps became groans of
pleasure; her head began to thrash from side to side and her knuckles whitened
as she tried to fight off the desires of her flesh.  Malcolm licked his way to
Debbie's clit and nipped at it with his teeth before once again thrusting his
tongue deep into her pussy.

"Auntie slut, beg Malcolm to suck your pussy.  Tell him that you want him to
make you cum.  Beg him for it now, or I tell Brett everything." Amber threatened
her destabilized aunt.

While Amber whispered into Debbie's ear, Malcolm continued to nip and suck at
her tortured clit.  Debbie didn't want to hurt her husband like this, but after
all, he was allowing this to happen.  She couldn't hold back any longer and
started to uncontrollably buck her hips, as she became lost in the sensations
that had taken over her body.

"Ooohhhhhh yes...please...lick it..suck it...eat my pussy...take it....that's
it.....oh...oh...oh.....aaaahhh.  P-P-Please make me c-c-cum." Debbie nearly
screamed out as she lowered her head in shame realizing that her husband was
only 6 ft away.

Suddenly, Stephanie and Amber had her up on her feet, taking her off-stage.  She
was sooo close.  She needed it, wanted Malcolm to finish her, make her cum. 
Amber was stripping her trembling aunt off.

"This is the big finish.  We just need to put on the last outfit and you and
Malcolm can get it on all the way."  Amber kept chattering, kept distracting her
aunt.  In only a moment or two, Debbie re-emerged.  Her hair had been pulled
into pig-tails tied with bright ribbons.  She wore a tiny cropped tee that had
"teenie slut" in black letters across her tits, and way-high platforms with an
ankle strap over little ruffled sox.

In a flash, Malcolm was back at her, licking her clit.  Brett watched as his
wife's back arched, her body shook, and she pushed her lower body tighter into
Malcolm's open mouth.  "I-I-I'm....cumming....oh god....yes...yes...yes," he
heard his wife exclaim through clenched teeth.

The disgraced husband continued to watch on as he saw Amber, off-stage, say
something causing his wife to shake her head 'no'.   Again Amber spoke, in a
more firm tone, but still too low for him to hear what was said.

"Yes," Debbie suddenly gasped out. "I love it!  Eat my pussy.  I need it so
bad!"  She groaned like a wounded animal as her orgasm gripped her and swept
through her body from head to toe.  She had never felt anything like it in her
entire life.  She tried to open her eyes to see Brett's reaction, but she
couldn't get them to focus.

Brett's balls were so tight with excitement that they ached and his cock was
quivering with arousal.  If only he could get a better hold of himself...He felt
inadequate, looking at Malcolm.  Debbie never talked like that with him.  He
tried to look away, but Stephanie turned his head back to the action in the
center of the stage, forcing him to watch his wife moaning and groaning in
ecstasy.

Malcolm pulled himself from between Debbie's outstretched legs and sat upon the
chair that Amber had placed in the center of the stage.

Seeing where Malcolm was going, Rachel reinserted herself again.  "Sweetie, get
up and climb on Malcolm's lap like a good little girl.  I want you to face him. 
Very good.  Now with your left-hand reach behind you and spread your ass cheeks
for me.  Very good.  Now look back to the camera and hold that pose.  Very
good."

FLASH...FLASH

As she straddled the black giant, Debbie's legs shook as she struggled to
maintain her balance, as Rachel moved her from shot to shot.  She was lost in a
dream like state as the intensity of her orgasm had drained what little remained
of her resistance.

"Now I want you to very slowly slide your pussy down on top of his cock." Rachel
instructed.  "And as you are going down, watch that beautiful thing as it
penetrates you."

Malcolm let the huge black head of his cock press against the mouth of Debbie's
hot pussy for awhile without moving.  They could feel each other's heat, and
they both began to pant as he finally pushed his way inside.  Her sweet, wet
lips peeled open to grant him access.  The sensation, Malcolm thought, was like
warm, liquid satin, and he had to remind himself to be careful not to lose
control.  He slowly slid it in an inch at a time, pulled out, and because she
was so wet from her orgasm, he rammed half of it home on the second thrust.
Debbie let out a short 'oomph', and a series of grunts as Malcolm slowly impaled
his cock until he was black pubic hair deep in her pussy.  She started to move
on him, milk him with her hot, creamy pussy, but he stopped her.

"No, baby girl," he whispered in his deep sexy voice.  "Just be completely
still.  Suck my big black nipples, but don't move."

"Aaaaawwww....oooh....noooo," the beautiful young housewife moaned.  Debbie
didn't have to search long to find the huge hard nubs.  They strained out from
his chest, dominating the muscular landscape like weird sexual beacons.

Malcolm continued to push further and deeper into Debbie's wet hole.  Her body
jerked taught, her muscles straining.  Anyone watching would have thought she
was in excruciating pain.  Her mouth was open, framed by her wonderful soft,
full lips, and she fought for ragged breaths as her belly began to heave. 
Debbie's eyes fluttered as she watched the giant ebony cock slip deeper and
deeper into her exposed cunt.

Malcolm began to stroke Debbie's back with both hands, with teasing, light
touches.  Even her back was perfect he thought to himself.  She had broad
shoulders for such a small girl, an impossibly tiny waist, that oh-my-god in
heaven ass, and tight little muscles just under her silky skin.  Malcolm moved
his hands up and down her sides from armpit to waist, and goose pimples covered
her back.  Then he found a most sensitive area in the small of her back, just
where her perfect, round ass globes began to rise.  She jerked involuntarily and
moaned as he moved his large, black fingers in feathery touches over her creamy
skin.  And, she hunched down hard against him as his fingers moved teasingly up
her velvety ass mounds.

Debbie couldn't believe how wonderful she felt.  Her heart was beating a million
miles a minute and every gentle touch from this giant caused absolute waves of
pleasure to shoot through her entire body.  She felt him run his fingers through
the deep crevice dividing her cheeks, she unconsciously reached back and spread
them so he could find her dark-pink, puckered asshole.

Stephanie looked over and saw that her uncle was lost in a world of lust as he
watched his beautiful wife engulf that huge black cock in her hungry cunt. 
"You've been such a good slave boy that I think you deserve some relief.  If you
want to cum place your hands behind your back and I will help you," Stephanie
offered.

Brett was lost in a world of lust, jealousy, and anger.  He couldn't believe
that his wife not only begged this stud to eat her, she was now guiding his cock
into her pussy.  She didn't even glance over for approval this time before
proceeding.  "If she is going to betray me this way then why shouldn't I get off
too," he questioned as he slowly followed Stephanie's order and placed his hands
behind his back.

CLICK!  CLICK!

The metal handcuffs snapped shut as Stephanie rendered her uncle immobile.  She
was careful to adjust Brett's position so that the handcuffs would not be
visible to the stage so that Debbie would assume that Brett was a willing
participant in all that she had planned.  With that the stage crew once again
dimmed the set lights allowing Debbie visual access to her surroundings.

Hearing the sharp metal snap of the handcuffs being placed around Brett's wrist
and seeing the lights dim, Amber leaned into Debbie's ear before ordering her to
look at her husband. 

Recognizing her mistress's voice, Debbie opened her eyes and tried to clear away
the lust-induced fog that had enveloped her.  Her eyes went wide open in shock
as she watched her husband and her mistress.

Stephanie ran her fingers through Brett's hair, brushing against his earlobe,
tilting his head up wards to meet her gaze.  "So watching that slutty wife of
yours take that huge cock up her nasty cunt has you all excited.  Doesn't it?"
Stephanie teased as she unzipped Brett's pants and pulled them down making
certain that Debbie's attention was on the scene unfolding.  She then slowly
slipped her thong that Brett was wearing halfway down his thighs so that they
would be visible to all.  His rock hard cock sprang out of the panties that held
it prisoner.

Seeing Debbie's watchful eyes staring on in amazement, Stephanie proceeded to
climb on top of her exposed uncle and sit on his lap holding onto his shoulders
to balance herself.  Her hands moved up towards his face as she pressed her lips
to his lips. Brett tried to turn away, but he couldn't due to his restraints. 
He felt the tip of her tongue touch his lips while it tried to force it's way
into his mouth.  Surrender was the only option so he let her probe his mouth and
before he knew it, he was returning her kisses.  Their mouths were still locked
when she returned her hand to his shoulders, down his chest, tweaking his
nipples through his shirt, along his abs, and finally around his pulsating cock.

Debbie could not believe what she was seeing.  At this point she was having a
hard time differentiating fantasy from reality.  Trying desperately to clear her
head, she looked closer at the figures sitting in front of her.  She wasn't
positive but she thought that her husband was kissing her teenage niece and that
he was wearing a pair of women's panties.  She tried to keep her attention on
what was transpiring with her husband, but kept being distracted as she started
to slowly bounce up and down in time to the thumping of the cock that was
invading her pussy.

Stephanie disengaged Brett's outstretched mouth for a moment and looked down at
the purple head on her uncle's stiff pole.  Her index finger caressed and traced
around the crown.  This made the whole thing twitch and made Brett gasp.  "It
seems like your puny penis would like for me to play with it some more."  Then
using her fingernail she gently and slowly drew and scraped the sensitive skin
from its tip, through its underside continuing until she reached the base.  She
then took his balls in her soft hands and lovingly messaged and teased them.

"Do you want Mistress Stephanie to continue?  I can stop if you'd like me too."
She teased as Brett shook his head 'no.' With that, she enclosed the head of his
cock with her other hand.  She squeezed it and stroked down leaving her thumb
just below the pee-hole.  Her thumb reached up and spread the pre-cum that was
now freely leaking out.  Each circular stroke around its tip coupled with the
sensation of ball rolling on her fingers was encouraging and coaxing more fluids
to bubble out of its confines.  Brett closed his eyes but suddenly opened them
as something clicked around the base of his cock.  There was a silver ring - a
cock ring.  No matter what happened now, he couldn't cum, he would always be
hard until the ring came off.

Stephanie continued to stroke his tortured cock and Brett tried to hide his
arousal, but finally he let out a long tortured moan.  Stephanie loved those
moans.  Those delicious sharp gasps and tortured grunts were music to her ears. 
The complete control she had over her aunt and uncle was the nourishment on
which her sexuality thrived.

Debbie watched in horror as her mistress continued to play with her husband. 
She couldn't understand why Brett was allowing this to happen.  Only last night
she had thrown herself at him, but he was so disinterested that he actually fell
asleep while she was trying to make love to him. 

As she continued to ponder the situation, her feelings of inadequacy and
self-pity started to turn to anger.  How could her husband do this to her?  Why
had she tried so hard to please him when he didn't appreciate her.

As Debbie continued to try to make sense of the situation Rachel jostled her
back to reality.  "Look at the camera dear while he fucks you.  That's
it...That's great."

FLASH...FLASH

Malcolm covered Debbie's mouth with his, and moved his tongue in and out of it
at the same pace as the thrusting of his cock.  Debbie worked her lips against
him with great urgency.  She wrapped her arms around the beautiful black man's
neck, and hunched her belly in need as he continued to invade her mouth hole and
her hot cunt at the same time.  The dual penetration, in perfect unison, was
driving her out of her mind with desire.

"Now Malcolm, spin her around so she is facing me.  Great! Fantastic!  Now
sweetheart, reach down with your right hand and play with your clit while he
fucks you.  Yes, fantastic!  Keep it up, now look right into the camera for me."
Rachel implored as the camera whirled away.

"Now sweetie, for this next one I need for you to lean back into his chest and
pull your legs together.  Malcolm can you pull her legs up were I can get a
clear shot of that wonderful cock of yours in her bald white pussy?"  Malcolm
was only too happy to comply as he lifted the petite housewife's legs up as his
cock continued to make its way deeper and deeper into her pussy.

FLASH...FLASH

Looking over at Brett, Malcolm said, "Hey...baby girl...look...your husband must
really like watching you get fucked....look at him" said the black stallion. 
With that, Debbie again looked over to see Brett entwined with Stephanie.  She
forced herself to focus on them and saw that Stephanie was leaning into her
husband and stroking his cock in time with each of Malcolm's thrust into her.

"Look how much pleasure your bringing your husband.  Look at his little cock. 
It's about to explode all over my sister's hand.  He must really be enjoying
watching you get fucked to convince his teenage niece to stroke him off."  Amber
said into Debbie's ear. 

Debbie could not believe what she was hearing or seeing for that matter.  "Why
was Brett allowing Stephanie to play with his cock?  Why was he getting off so
much watching me get fucked by another man?  Why hadn't he stopped the shoot
already?  Doesn't he love me anymore?  Why doesn't he want me?"  These questions
flooded her head as she felt Malcolm continuing to pound his cock into her
pussy.  He was lifting her into the air with each powerful thrust. Her large
breasts bounced freely as she slid up and down on his thick rod.

Sensing that Brett was about to cum, Stephanie stopped stroking her uncle's cock
to his displeasure.  "Mistress, please don't stop.  Please make me cum.  I will
be a good slave boy, I promise."  The mortified husband begged as he tried to
push his cock back into her outstretched hand.

"You can only cum under one condition.  You must...."  Stephanie whispered into
her uncle's ear as he continued to beg for release.

"Auntie slut, look at your husband.  Do you hear him begging for Stephanie to
whack him off?"  Amber whispered into her aunt's ear as she continued to bounce
up and down in time to Malcolm's powerful thrust into her now stretched pussy.

Stephanie continued to guide her uncle to the edge of orgasm before stopping him
short.  He was so lost in his need for relief that he forgot about his beautiful
wife and her proximity.  His balls ached and his cock needed to explode or he
would lose his mind.  "I can't give in...I just can't....I can't do that..it's
so wrong."

Per Rachel's direction, Malcolm lifted the petite housewife off his lap before
placing her carefully on the floor.  Debbie then spread her legs as wide as
possible while pulling her black lover towards her.

"Now take his cock in your hand....good...direct it till only the tip is just
touching the moist red lips of your cunt...very nice...now Malcolm, push just
the head into her swollen lips...yes, that's it."  Rachel said as she
orchestrated Debbie's deflowering.

"Sweetie, look up at my camera and wet your lips for me...yes...now tilt your
head back...yes...and close your eyes for me," Rachel instructed Debbie before
switching to Malcolm.

FLASH...FLASH

"Malcolm, now I want you to moisten the end of your beautiful cock with her
juices...yes...great...now start slowly pushing into her...very nice...yes,
that's it." Rachel praised her skilled actor.

Stephanie continued to stroke her squirming uncle to the point of orgasm, being
careful to stop just short each time.  The continual denial was beginning to
drive him crazy with lust.  All of his remaining resistance was being crushed by
his teenage niece's teasing hand.

"Please suck my cock and get me hard for Rachel," Brett suddenly cried out.  He
was beside himself.  "I want to cum inside Rachel."

Hopelessly ashamed, feverishly Brett watched on as Malcolm slowly pushed his
massive member into his wife's cunt.  He could see the lips of her cunt
stretching until finally the bulbous head disappeared from site.  As the cock
penetrated her, Brett could hear his wife let out a hoarse cry followed by a low
series of moans.  He could not believe that he could be so aroused by watching
this happen to his loving wife.  Stephanie's hand had him nearly out of his
mind.

As Rachel continued to take pictures she said, "Push it in a little further. 
Now move back and forth,...yes, that's it...slowly...now bury your wonderful
cock completely for me."

Debbie let a low groan escape her lips as she felt herself being stretched even
more by his thick shaft.  Malcolm then took hold of her hips and fully impaled
his cock.  Debbie couldn't help crying out as he kept jabbing his cock deeper
and deeper into her cunt.

"Now move your cock back and forth in her cunt a few times to get it shiny with
her juices.  Great...you're doing so wonderful...now start thrusting into her
faster."  Rachel instructed.

FLASH...FLASH

Malcolm picked up the pace.  His bulbous, muscular, sweat covered ass gleamed
under the lights as the hard muscles strained with his continued efforts.  He
continued fucking the gorgeous housewife with long steady strokes, soon he was
fucking her faster and more powerfully as he continued to hold her legs spread
wide in the air.  Her body was jerking to each thrust and her breasts were
swaying erotically. She was groaning and whimpering continually now at the
pounding she was receiving by this stud.

"Debbie, sweetie, I need for you to lift your head up...yes...now extend your
tongue out...great...now suck on Malcolm's nipple for me." Rachel requested as
she handed her camera to one of her assistants.

The dazed housewife slowly started to suckle Malcolm's right nipple as
instructed.  This seemed to intensify him for he then threw Debbie's legs up
over his broad shoulders and began a fast then slow then fast fuck.  He was
breathing very heavily and could feel his cock harden even more given the
additional stimuli.

"Beg him to fuck you auntie slut, beg him like your life depends on it!" Amber
ordered into her aunt's ear as Malcolm continued to impale his cock in her.

Debbie managed to look to her husband for guidance.  What she saw and heard
shocked her and disturbed her worse than anything else that her nieces had
subjected her to.

"Yes, please, suck my cock!  P-p-please suck it!  I need it soooo bad."  Brett
begged as Rachel was sprawled between his outstretched legs.  She flicked her
tongue teasingly within a few millimeters of his cock head.  She repeated this
lewd act a couple more times, each time getting closer.

Brett allowed a pitiful moan to escape his throat before begging her again to
devour his manhood.  Rachel smiling at his weakness, began to lick sensuously
around her lips and ran her fingers through her hair to hang it around her ear. 
She then tilted her head and clamped her wet lips on the shaft of Brett's cock. 
She sucked on it and moved her head up and down along the side of his penis.

Aware that Debbie was now watching, Rachel made sure to coat his cock with
enough saliva so that it would be slippery enough for her hand to easily stroke
up and down it's length.  She then lowered her mouth down towards the end of his
cock and enclosed it with her lips.  Instead of licking and sucking it, she bit
its rubbery head.  Brett let out a loud gasp.  Her teeth then proceeded to
scrape the skin from the edge of the crown until she reached the tip of his
opening.  The nerve endings of Brett's abused cock were firing like the fourth
of July.  She repeated this torture again and again.  The sensation was
unbearable.  Brett grabbed onto his shackles and pulled with all the force he
could muster. The veins in his neck were bursting as he leaned his head back and
flipped it from side to side.

As his hips started to pump violently, Rachel stopped her torture and replaced
them with gently licks and kisses.  "You liked that.  Didn't you?"  She said
while she continued to stroke Brett.  "Do you want more?"  Brett was panting
hard as he contemplated his answer.

She could see Rachel's head bobbing up and down on her husband's cock.  And
worse yet, Brett's head was thrown back in obvious ecstasy.  He wasn't even
watching her anymore, just enjoying the blowjob that the kneeling photographer
was giving him.

"W-why...why is his dick in some other woman's mouth?  I have done everything
he's asked of me and he still doesn't want me?  I don't understand.  Why doesn't
he want me?"  Debbie lamented as anger and jealousy filled her enraged mind as
she watched her husband being serviced by another woman.

"Oh God, yes, Rachel, I love it!  You are my kind of girl, suck me good," Brett
begged.

Without warning, Amber suddenly grabbed both of Debbie's rigid nipples and
pinched violently.  "Ouch!"  Debbie exclaimed as she felt a sharp shooting pain
shoot through her nipples.

"I told you to beg him!  You had better fucking beg him NOW!  Your husband won't
care.  He's too busy getting his cock sucked to care.  Besides, he doesn't want
you any more.  Now does he?"  Amber goaded her deflated aunt.

"Darling, can I please, please, please cum?" Brett begged as Rachel slowed her
sucking motion withholding the release that he now desperately needed.

"Obey my instructions and I will allow that little prick to shoot off.  You know
what I want." Stephanie said as she signaled Rachel and her sister with a wink.

"Shit, I can't believe this fucking transvestite is sucking my cock again.  I
just don't know how much longer I can hold off.  I just can't...can't...oh fuck
me!  I can't let Debbie see this, it would kill her," Brett thought to himself
as he desperately tried to resist giving into Stephanie's demands.

Not wanting to risk any further punishment at the hands of her mistress, Debbie
thrust her pelvis up in the air to meet the powerful thrust of her black lover. 
"Oh...yes...fuck me....please...fuck me!" Debbie loudly begged as Malcolm
intensified his strokes.  "Fuck me...harder...yes...PLEASE give it to me!"

Brett's eyes shot wide open at hearing his wife begging to be fucked.  He
couldn't believe that she was acting like such a complete whore.  He was being
coerced, but she was acting out of her own free will.  Why did she want to hurt
him like this?  Flaunting herself in front of him like that was too much for him
to handle.  His will was crushed and the only thing he could think about was the
release that his aching cock was begging for so he gave into Stephanie's demand.

"Please, sit on my cock, Rachel darling!"  Rachel positioned herself and let
Brett's rigid member slide into her well-lubricated ass.

"Please, please, don't stop!  It feels so wonderful.  Please don't stop!" Brett
spat out, forgetting his wife, who was watching and was fucking some black stud
twice as big as him.  Mistress Stephanie had said that the only place he was
allowed to cum was with Rachel and he was going for it now.  His hips bucked out
of control.  The cuffs were off and he grabbed Rachel by the waist, helping her
to plunge up and down on his cock.  Stephanie pulled his hands away and he found
them pushed inside Rachel's scrunched up panties...now holding Rachel's equally
hard member.  Holding Rachel's prick, each time she rode Brett's cock, Brett
found himself stroking Rachel off.

The hurt and humiliation that Debbie felt at hearing her husband begging to fuck
another woman was too much for her to bear.  She couldn't take much more of
this, she just couldn't.  At the same time, Debbie continued to ride on
Malcolm's black cock.

Stephanie and Amber smiled at each other in triumph.  Stephanie patted Rachel on
the back of her head giving her the go ahead to push Brett over the edge.

"Would you like to cum?" Rachel coyly asked as she batted her eyelashes at the
humiliated husband.  "I bet I can make you cum before Malcolm shoots his load
all over your slutty wife."  She slammed her hips on Brett's penis, up and down
at an incredible pace.

Brett tried to look at his wife at the mention of her, but Rachel's expert and
furious fuck was so intense that he couldn't help but close his eyes and wait
for the inevitable.  He could feel his balls churning as his semen boiled -
ready to explode.  He started pumping his hips in rhythm with Rachel's
manipulations, as he was about to go over the edge.

Suddenly, Malcolm let out a guttural yell as he pulled his cock free from
Debbie's clenched cunt as he started to explode in orgasm.  Debbie screamed out
her orgasms, incoherently, sobbing as she went from one mind-numbing orgasm to
the next.

Someone flicked off the cock ring!  Hearing Malcolm shoot his hot jism all over
his beautiful wife and her loaded response caused Brett to shoot his load in
time with the black giant.  Rachel pulled up off his exploding cock just in time
to aim it right back at him.  Brett's cum shot up to his unprotected face
coating it with the slimy jell.  At the same time, Rachel shot her own load into
his face.  Double coated, Brett looked up in shock to see that Malcolm's cock
was still shooting its seed and the last couple of squirts landed squarely on
Debbie's face.  Brett lowered his head in shame.  Both of them covered in cum
like gutter trash.

Stephanie leaned into Brett's ear and whispered,  "Rachel isn't done with Auntie
Debbie just yet.  If you think you can get it up again, you can play with that
puny thing between your legs as long as you stay seated on this chair and remain
silent."

Rachel then stopped the proceedings long enough for her assistants to clean up
their star.  After Debbie's makeup was repaired and all the cum was washed from
her body they resumed shooting.

"Okay Debbie, down on all fours and face Malcolm," Rachel suddenly snapped. 
Debbie did as she was ordered, and Malcolm held out his long cock to have her
suck him.  Her resistance destroyed, her marriage in ruins, and her senses
blurred; all left the bewildered housewife with no other option than following
the instructions given to her so she reached out and gripped the now growing
cock, wrapping her petite fingers around the base.

Amber continued to whisper instructions into her aunt's ear.  There was no
fight, defeated Debbie now blindly obeyed.  Seeing her husband betray her in
such a way destroyed her spirit.  As she continued to grip the growing cock in
her hands, mindlessly she started to stroke it as it came back to life.

Malcolm groaned loudly as Debbie's mouth opened wide and enveloped his cock
head. Per Amber's instructions, she then started moving it in and out of her
mouth. She pumped its shaft with her hand as she stroked it through her lips.

Brett watched in amazement as she bobbed her head up and down the long black
cock as if she was trying to devour it all. There were no hands on her head to
force her to do this degrading suck-off and no one was directing her actions, at
least as far as he could tell.

Brett was flabbergasted at what he was witnessing. His wife was giving this
black man the blowjob of a lifetime.  He looked down as Stephanie gripped his
still lifeless cock, "Gee, Uncle Brett, Malcolm is already up and running and
your just a limp noodle.  No wonder Auntie Debbie was so desperate to get her
lips, err, I mean hands on a real cock."

As Brett watched his wife stroke Malcolm's cock he could tell she was excited
because her nipples were hard and pink and her nostrils were flaring.  Brett
would never have believed that his petite wife could swallow the monster-sized
cock.  But it slowly passed through her lips, before she finally had to let go
of the shaft so she could press her face to the very root, so it could slide all
the way down her throat. Then he watched in shock as she reached around and held
onto his black hips and fucked her lovely face back and forth on the rigid pole.
Every once in a while, he'd grab her long platinum blonde hair in the back, and
pump her, fucking her mouth while smiling at Brett as his rod filled his wife's
throat.

Moments later, Brett watched as the thick and long black cock was withdrawn from
his wife's mouth. Finally, the entire length emerged, a thick strand of pre-cum
still connecting the drooling cock head to her soft pink lips. It appeared that
his beautiful wife was in a trance, her mouth partially open as she starred at
the drooling black cock that she had so enthusiastically sucked off.

"OK, now turn around on all fours, and slide your ass over here. I'm gonna watch
you fuck this big black cock."  Malcolm ordered the dazed housewife.

Debbie was confused.  "W-w-what do you m-m-mean, ME fuck you?" Debbie quietly
asked not wanted to suffer any further punishment.

"You'll see...once that pussy latches around this cock...well, you'll see," he
smirked.

As instructed Debbie turned around, and placed her ass invitingly up in the air.
Malcolm grabbed hold of his cock, and placed it in her crotch...rubbing up and
down on those wet pussy lips, teasing her, causing her ass to sway up and down
seductively.

Finally, Malcolm inserted the tip in her, then pulled out...then put it back in.
Debbie could feel the insertion, fuller, without a doubt, than with her husband. 
Totally!  Malcolm continued to insert it, then pull it out, and kept repeating
this about six times.

Meanwhile, Rachel and her crew continued to record every movement, every sound,
on film.  Rachel thought to herself that this would be one of her most
profitable shoots ever.

There about, Debbie began to rock forward and back on her own, for Malcolm had
now stopped and was just standing there, motionless, with his hands on his hips.

"That's it baby girl....aaahhhhhhh....that's it...fuck my cock....absorb how
good it feels...rubbing those inner walls....deeper baby girl, that's it....fuck
it....fuck your black cock" he kept coaxing her. By now, Debbie was pumping
longer and stronger...whimpering and slightly moaning. By this point Debbie was
so far gone that she wasn't aware of anything but the wonderful feeling coursing
through her veins.

"Auntie slut, I need to hear you.  Tell us how good that cock feels in your
slutty little pussy.  Tell us what you want that cock to do to you and tell us
loudly, or I'll make you suffer for being so fucking stupid." Amber threatened
as she sharply slapped her aunt's outstretched ass.

WHACK!  WHACK!

Not wanting to suffer further, Debbie took a deep breath before letting go. 
"God...ooh, oh, yes...that's it....yes....oh how
good...yes...fuck...yes...totally...I'm fucking myself on a monster
cock...yes...ah...ah...fuck me...fuck me...teenie slut fucking the huge black
dick" was all that was coming out of her. By now, she was able to just about
sink all of it in. With her pushing back, you could hear Malcolm's balls smack
against her pussy as well.

"Tell the camera what you love," Amber demanded.  Debbie looked at her, sliding
forward and back on the massive rod, uncomprehending.  "Say it, say 'I love
black cock."  Almost mindless now, Debbie muttered as directed.  Amber made her
repeat herself, "I love black cock" over and over, then louder, next with a
pause in the middle, then say it a special way.

Debbie looked right into the camera, an airheaded smile plastered on her face,
her silly pig-tails flying.  As she pulled off Malcolm's dick, she giggled, "I
love..." and sighed, "...black cock" as she sank back down.

"I love (giggle and off)...black cock (in and sigh)...I love (giggle and
off)...black cock (in and sigh)...I love (giggled and off)...black cock (in and
sigh)."  At first she was stiff but quickly Debbie was proclaiming for anyone
who would ever want to watch that the only thought in her head was about the big
black dick in her cunt.  Stephanie and Amber looked at each other.  This was so
wild.  Neither had ever thought that they could fuck their naive aunt so
thoroughly.

At one point as Debbie tossed her head, her eye's met Brett's for a brief second
before both of them lowered their heads in shame.  Debbie couldn't believe that
after all she'd gone through, her husband had allowed another woman to suck him
off and that he had fucked another woman right in front of her.  To make matters
even worse, even now when she was going out of her mind with Malcolm's fucking,
he was jacking off again while watching her degrade and humiliate herself.

"You can't get it up, can you" Stephanie teased.  You are such a worthless
little prick.  Maybe we should invite Malcolm over to the house so that Auntie
Debbie can have her needs met by a real man, not some wimp like you."  Stephanie
continued to torment her uncle as he stroked his lifeless dick trying to bring
it back to life.

Back on stage, Malcolm placed his hands on her ass, and began a slow paced
pumping, which intensified into a piston of some sorts.  He continued fucking
the hell out of Debbie. She swore that she could feel the veins on the side of
his cock pulsating, and it drove her crazy.

Amber leaned over and whispered into Debbie's ear again immediately proceeding
her sudden outburst, "Oh fuck me please.  I need to cum so bad." Debbie begged
as she watched her husband trying in vain to jerk off.  Something about seeing
him playing with himself as she degraded herself allowed her to go and surrender
to the experience.

"Are you my white slut?" Malcolm asked loud enough for the camera to hear.

"Ohmigod yeah," Debbie replied, "I am like so totally your white slut."

"What makes you hot, slut?"

"Black cock, s-sir.  Big...uhm...really awesomely huge black cock," she said
loudly.

"Are you tired of your husband's puny little cock?" Malcolm asked with a sly
smile pasted across his face.

"It's a worthless sissy dick," she said, wiggling her ass back and forth. "I
want a black man's cock. I want your cock, and I want it to explode in me now."

Amber then leaned over and tenderly wiped her slave's sweat covered brow before
whispering words of praise followed by further instructions. "Very good Pet. 
Now I want you to..."

Debbie felt a sense of pride in pleasing her mistress.  She wasn't sure why, but
it made her feel proud to have finally earned the praise of her mistress.  Just
as she was starting to escape mentally, she was pulled back to reality as she
felt Malcolm grip her waist and push hard. It hurt but she took it without
voice. Eventually her pussy relaxed and opened up completely as he drove his
throbbing member into her exposed cunt. She was wet and he was probing deep,
giving her pussy a real workout. He reached down and played with her clitoris
and she moaned softly. She glanced at the mirror on the wall. In it a beautiful
black man was making love to a pretty, petite white woman. She smiled. The
contrast was so erotic.

She paused and took a deep breath while preparing herself to carry out her next
set of instructions, "Ohmigod...your so deep....fuck me....fuck me with that
black cock...cum....take my pussy....yes...that's it...take it....fuck it all
you want..." Debbie was beside herself.  Pulling her legs down by the
ankles...and holding her legs wide, he slowly pushed in and out. Doing this
didn't seem enough for Debbie, for she began to beg him for more cock..."fuck me
you, give me that cock...put that cock in me...PLEASE....FUCK ME..." she kept
begging as Amber had instructed her only moments ago.

Debbie sensed he was close to cumming. He stopped abruptly and laid her on her
back. She spread her legs wide so he could take possession again. When his
thick, black shaft was again sliding in and out of her, she felt his balls
bounce along her hips, his cock swell, and knew her hole was going to be filled
with sperm.

"Oh god," he panted, "I'm cumming, I'm cumming..."

"Yes, I-I'm going to...OH GOD, YES! YES!"  Debbie managed as she erupted in the
most intense orgasm of her life.  Sweat covered them both. Malcolm groaned as
his cum shot deep inside her. Malcolm's orgasm was incredible and all of his
muscles stiffened as he shot gobs of cum into this white slut. 

Debbie felt full, almost bloated.  Her orgasm was long and hard making her toes
curl. Her heart pounded in her ears and her breath came in short bursts.  She
was making tiny, urgent sexual noises as he slowly pulled his monstrous
coal-black cock out of her clenched opening.

As Debbie continued to lie under the black giant, she found herself drifting in
and out of consciousness.  Her vagina was still warm and wet and a little sore
from the workout Malcolm's rigid rod had just put it through.  He had plunged
deeper into her than anyone had ever before.  In her mind, she visualized the
very thick purplish/black head as it parted her swollen cunt lips and stretched
her tight white pussy as the muscles of her loins tried desperately to squeeze
the invading shaft while it slowly dug deeper and deeper into her love canal.

Her thoughts suddenly turned to her husband, the man she loved.  She felt both
enormous guilt and anger over the events that transpired tonight.  The guilt she
felt because of her betrayal and infidelity toward her husband.  She loved him
deeply, but she couldn't understand why he wanted to see her degrade herself and
be humiliated as she was tonight.  He was an active participant in her
humiliation and if she didn't know better she would swear he was now working
with her nieces.  Her feelings of guilt started to fade as visions of Rachel on
her knees sucking her husband's cock while he begged her to continue, flooded
her with feelings of confusion, shame and hurt.

As the conflicting feelings of guilt and anger battled inside Debbie's mind, she
knew deep inside herself that she had lost control of her life.  Worse yet, she
had lost the will to fight any longer.  She felt so dirty and cheap.  Maybe, the
girls were right about her. Maybe, she was nothing but a slut.  Maybe, she was
better off if she just submitted completely.  After all, it was painfully
obvious to her that her husband didn't care about her anymore.

Debbie's last thought before she drifted off to unconsciousness was the status
of her marriage.  After tonight, she feared that it would be completed ruined
forever.  And what really scared her was that she wasn't sure if she even cared
that much anymore.


To be continued... If you have any story line ideas for future chapters, or
would like to comment on the story please e-mail me at wifefantasy@hotmail.com.




Housewife's Awakening

(MF, F+/F, wife, reluctant, humiliation, spanking, toys, exhibition,
interracial)

If you enjoy this story please e-mail me at wifefantasy@hotmail.com to let me
know.  If you have an idea for how this story should continue, please let me
know and I will work it into one of the upcoming chapters.

Chapter Eleven - Amber's Fury

By WF

Amber walked back to the laundry room to find her uncle still lying on the make
shift bed in the corner.  He was naked except for a cock cage that she had
padlocked to him during his sleep.  This wasn't just any cock cage.  It was
specially lined with tiny spikes that would eat into the sensitive skin
outlining the shaft of the encased penis if it were to become erect.  It
wouldn't cause any permanent damage, but could be extremely uncomfortable for
the unfortunate soul who became excited while in it's confines.

Amber leaned against the doorframe and watched her uncle sleeping.  His legs
were stretched out and his arms were folded around his chest.  She noted that
his light brown hair was disheveled in a kind of sexy way.  For an older guy,
she thought her uncle was kind of hot, even if he wasn't really her type.

She almost laughed out loud as she thought of the pain her uncle was about to
find himself in.  He would be fine as long as he remained calm, but she was
going to do her best to excite him and Amber had not yet met a man that she
couldn't play.  For years she had been manipulating the male species.

Amber used to be embarrassed at the ways guys would check her out when she wore
short shorts, but not any more.  She liked being hot. She learned to enjoy
having people, boys, men, or even women, get real interested in her ass, which
she considers her best feature.  It allowed her to take advantage and she
intended to use what nature gave her to the fullest.  There wasn't a man who had
seen her that didn't want her, including the teachers and priests in the schools
and churches of her childhood.  And she even found that she brings secret
desires to the surface in many women as well.

"Uncle Brett, time to get up.  You're going to be late for work if you don't get
up sleepy head," she said softly as she stood by the end of the bed looking down
on him.

"W-what..." Brett tried to make sense of his surroundings as his eyes began to
open.  Slowly the events of last night came back to him as his eyes began to
focus.  The absolute humiliation he felt at watching his wife, who he
worshipped, beg another man to fuck her came sweeping back to him as his stomach
immediately became tied in knots.

"You better get going my sweet slut boy.  You don't want to be late for work. 
If you have a good day today, Stephanie and I have a nice little surprise in
store for you when you get home tonight."  Amber noticed him looking at his
imprisoned penis in wonder.  "Oh, that is just to ensure that you are a good boy
today.  You can take a piss out of the end, but it will keep you from playing
with that nasty little thing.  I know your dirty little mind and if left to your
own devices you would be tempted to whack that thing off thinking about your
'innocent' little teenage nieces.  You would like to do that now, wouldn't you?"

Dumbfounded, Brett arched his back to lift himself off the make shift bed.  As
he lifted himself up his eyes began to focus on his blonde teenage tormentor. 
Brett couldn't help but notice that the bottoms of her firm breasts were visible
under the tight pink halter-top that fit her like a second skin.  Her swollen
pointy nipples were clearly visible through the stretched material on either
side of the playboy bunny that was nestled between her small but proud knockers.

Brett couldn't help but notice her exposed belly as well.  It was tight with
soft defined abs.  And her legs were sculpted with beautiful thigh and calf
muscles, and her ass was hard and round.  This little girl really enjoyed
showing off her body.  She was an absolute wet dream.

Amber turned around and made a production of looking for something on one of the
top shelves.  As she stretched, her halter rode up her breasts until Brett got a
good view of the lower part of her aureoles.  That's why Amber wore this outfit. 
She felt her nipples stiffen as the cool air hit her exposed breasts.  Brett
couldn't help but openly stare at them as he felt his cock begin to grow.

Feeling the heat of her uncle's stare, Amber moved her attention to a lower
shelf.  This arched her backside up and she kept moving it around a little. 
Nothing obvious, but nothing subtle either.  A mischievous grin crossed her face
as she envisioned what was about to happen to her unsuspecting uncle.

As Brett's attention was drawn to his niece's ass he noticed the black lettering
pasted across her small gray cotton shorts spelling the word BITCH across her
two perfect globes.  The shorts rode low on her hips and the straps of her light
blue thong were clearly visible crossing each hip.  Brett thought that she was
damn sexy, but that he had better quit staring before he got himself in trouble.

But before he could divert his gaze, his cock grew to full mast causing the
spikes in the cock cage to dig painfully into the sides of his engorged member.

"AAAWWWW.....OOOWWW!  What the fuck?  Shit!  What's happening?"  He exclaimed as
a terrible pain shot up and down his prick.

"That uncle dear, is your punishment for thinking awful dirty thoughts about
your 'sweet' little teenage niece."  Amber teased as an evil smile spread across
her beautiful face.

Brett doubled over in pain before delicately responding, "But how am I supposed
to not get turned on when you're parading around in front of me like this?"

Amber put on a wide-eyed innocent face, "You mean I turn you on, Uncle Brett?"

The shooting pain caused Brett to be at a loss for words.  He kept his eyes shut
as his cock quickly wilted and the pain subsided.

Amber laughed inwardly at her uncle's predicament, but she wasn't done playing
yet.  "I'm sorry, now get upstairs and off to work with you."

Brett gingerly got to his feet before turning to head upstairs.  Amber stopped
him by pulling on his shoulder and told him that she had one question that he
had to answer for her first.  Not wanting to anger his temptress, he stopped and
turned around.

Amber looked at him with her piercing blue eyes.  She opened her lips with a
loose pout and slowly tugged the halter up over her firm breasts.  She felt the
cool air wash over her hard nipples.  "Do you like my little titties?"  She
cooed, teasing her right nipple with the fingers of her left hand.

Immediately, Brett felt his cock come to life again.

"Noooooo...oooohhhhh...no....please...no more!" He screamed as his cock once
again felt as though it were on fire.

"You're trying my patience, and it is already short!  I've told you to stop
thinking dirty thoughts about me, but your doing it again.  Now go get dressed
and off to work.  Be home by 6:00, not one second later because Stephanie and I
have something VERY special lined up for you tonight."

Brett looked up to see an almost demonic sneer on his niece's face as she exited
the laundry room and his penis mercifully became flaccid again.

********************************************************************************
********************

As the mid afternoon sun struggles to break through the enclosed window shades
of the Andrews' master bedroom, Debbie begins to slowly awaken.  Her mind sifts
through all the awful and degrading things she has been forced to do this past
week.  Her head is throbbing and her body thoroughly exhausted from the events
of last evening.  She still finds it hard to believe all the humiliating acts
that her nieces have subjected her to this week.  Stripping for money, dressing
like a total slut, giving the paperboy a blow-job, parading around the mall
trading her sexual favors for merchandise, and last night worse of all,
betraying her husband in the most intimate of manners.

This act of betrayal was the hardest for Debbie to accept.  Her nieces had
forced her to do all those other appalling things.  But last night was
different.  She might have been led into a compromising position, but she acted
of her own accord.  It was she who allowed her passion and lust to overtake her. 
It was she who yelled out for more, as the magnificent black man fucked her in
front of her watchful husband.  How had she allowed this to happen?

Just one week ago she was a happily married woman, attentive mother, PTA member,
and active in her church.  As Debbie continues to ponder her situation she
stretches across her bed and looks at the clock.   It shows 2:00p.m.

Panic sets in as she realizes what time it is.  Despite her massive headache,
she springs to the floor to check on her children.  She is still naked, as
neither of the girls had chosen her clothes for the day.  Terrible pangs of
guilt overtake her as she realizes that she failed to take care of her children. 
"I'm an awful mother.  I can't believe that I slept so late. I don't even know
how I got home last night.  Brett's side of the bed doesn't look like he slept
there.  I wonder if he came home?"

Panic sets in as she looks up to see a photograph stuck on her bedroom wall of
some bimbo with 'porn star blonde' hair sucking a giant black cock with rampant
enthusiasm.  Debbie shakes her head in confusion as she looks at her reflection
in the bedroom vanity mirror.  She then realizes that the bimbo in the picture
is herself.  "What if the kids see this?  I can't believe the girls would be
this mean as to humiliate me in front of my family."  Debbie thought to herself
as she pulled the obscene photo from the wall, tearing it to tiny pieces.

Debbie looks up to see another picture, documenting her obscene performance last
night, hanging in the hallway.  She panics and snatches the photograph, then
there is another and another.  The girls have laid a trail of pictures
throughout the Andrews' household, which leads Debbie to the living room where
the girls are waiting for her.

An audible gasp escaped from her mouth as Debbie heard both of her teenage
tormentors commenting on a performance on the TV.  A deep sinking feeling set in
as she watched herself on the screen in the throes of orgasm as the powerful,
black Malcolm pumped a load of cum deep into her white womb.  Tears began to
well up as Amber turned around.

"About time you got up, sleepy head."  Amber offers as Debbie clutches the vile
photographs to her heaving chest.  "We were just discussing your busy itinerary
for today."

Momentarily forgetting her training, Debbie in her panicked state let some of
her old spirit escape.  "Where are my children?  Look, I don't have time for
your games today.  This has gone way too far.  Did the kids see any of this
smut?  Where is my husband?  It didn't look like he came home last night." 
Debbie anxiously inquired.

"You needn't concern yourself with the kids or your husband for that matter. 
Since you neglected to take care of your children, the new nanny got them ready
and off to school this morning.  We told them that you were very sick and that
until you felt better, the nanny would be taking care of them.  So don't worry,
she will pick them up later today since you will be indisposed."  Stephanie said
with a knowing smirk.  "As for Brett, he came home last night, but decided to
sleep in another room.  He said that he couldn't stand to be around such a
filthy cock-sucking whore."

A visibly perplexed Debbie questioned the girls further.  "What nanny?  We don't
have a nanny.  Quit kidding around with me.  This isn't funny."

Stephanie slowly raises off the sofa, towering over her petite aunt as if to
remind her of her superiority.  "We decided that you have more important things
to do than looking after your family and home.  We hired a nanny to take care of
everything.  You don't need to worry your pretty little head about those types
of things any longer.  You should really thank us.  Now you can put all your
efforts into being the best brainless slut and teenage whore that you can be."

"This way you'll have more time for your training sessions and to raise money to
win our little game."  Amber said with a playful wink and a smile.  "And don't
worry about Brett, we'll take good care of him."

"That reminds me, we do owe you for last night's activities, now don't we?  If I
remember correctly, you were to be paid $300 dollars for the photo shoot. 
Weren't you?"  Stephanie sincerely inquired.

Debbie knew that $300 was little compensation for what she had to endure.  But
it would go a long way in helping her earn her freedom.  With the $220 that she
was allowed to keep from her initial stripping adventure, she would be halfway
home.  A small smile started to form as she thought about getting control of her
life back.

"Oh, but we do need to deduct your expenses that you owe, per your contract. 
Let's see you need to pay for your agent, manager, wardrobe, talent, and we
can't forget your makeover.  Here is your 'fee' for the photo session." 
Stephanie says with a beaming smile while she ponders the thousands of dollars
that she will make off of Debbie's photos that are already on their way to
multiple magazines and web sites.

Debbie's mouth sagged open in disbelief at Stephanie's words.  She could not
believe her ears.  She shrank back, lips quivering.  "No" she whispered.  "This
can't be t-true."  Debbie sobbed as she clutches at the $15 that is offered. 
"It's so unfair.  How am I ever going to earn enough money at this rate."

Stephanie and Amber console their despondent aunt by cruelly telling her that
she will get lots of other opportunities to make money.  They already have
another booking for her (this time video).  And since it's Friday, she has
another engagement at the strip club, followed by a private party.

"And another thing." Stephanie taunt's her aunt while she walks around her
assessing her naked body.  "We need to do something about this body of yours. 
While your tits are high and firm, they would look even larger if you slimmed
down your torso.  And while we're at it, we also need to slim down those hips of
yours.  And while I personally like your little ass and legs, you have to admit
that they could use some toning.  After all it's not like you're a teenager
anymore."

"From now on you are to follow a very strict diet and exercise program.  You
will work out each and every morning.  If you fail to complete your workout
routine to our satisfaction you will be severely punished.  I want you to
develop a strong washboard stomach so that you can wear all the mid-drift baring
outfits that the kids are so found of these days.  So you will do 250 sit ups
each day."

"You will also have daily running and weight workouts as well."  Amber
interjected.  "Don't worry we've written down everything that is expected of you
in this little book.  After all, it would be unfair of us to expect your little
brain to be able to remember."

"Now get your nasty ass up on this scale."  Stephanie ordered while she took
down Debbie's measurements.  "These exercises better work, or you will be
subject to a cosmetic surgeons knife."  Stephanie was intentionally playing on
her aunt's insecurities knowing that she doesn't like doctors and is deathly
afraid of any kind of surgery.  "Doesn't really matter to me how you get there,
either way you are going to develop the hot little body that we want you to
have."

"You will be able to make every cock in the room immediately stand at attention
by the time we get through with you."  Amber added through her thin smile.  "You
will be the ultimate cock tease."

Debbie felt dizzy with the new turn of events.  Hadn't the girls taken over
enough of her life already?  Now they wanted to control her body structure as
well.  If they wanted her to exercise, she was resolved to exercise like mad. 
Not to please her mistresses, but to avoid the surgeon's knife at all cost.

Numb with the new turn of events, Debbie lowers her head in defeat.  She had
never felt so lost and alone in all her life.  "Why was this happening to me? 
What have I done to deserve this?"

Stephanie and Amber watch intently as Debbie gradually lowers her eyes in
submission, keeping them down cast, not daring to look her nieces in the eye. 
Her beautiful hazel eyes shown as she began to spill tears.  But even still,
Stephanie was able to note a small flash of defiance through Debbie's tears.

********************************************************************************
********************

Catlike in her speed, Stephanie reached out and unleashed a series of tooth
rattling slaps across her stunned aunt's face.

SMACK!  SMACK!

Debbie's head recoiled as she felt the impact of the blows.  She gasped in
shock, as Stephanie gripped her chin in her strong hand, forcing Debbie to look
her in the eye.  Debbie shuddered and tried to pull away, but Stephanie held her
in place.  Her burning cheeks told her that it was futile to struggle.

"Looks like our pet has forgotten her training.  After all we've done for her,
you would think she would be more considerate.  Amber, secure the little slut."

Amber placed a steel collar around her aunt's neck and locked it shut with a
loud click.  The collar was very tight around Debbie's neck. There was now
visible terror in her eyes.  Amber grabbed Debbie's tiny wrist and fastened it
into a manacle on the side of the collar. Again there was a loud click. She then
repeated the same procedure with the other wrist.  Debbie stood still in stark
terror.  Her wrists were now locked to a steel collar, which was locked around
her neck.

Stephanie approached her quivering aunt and slowly ran her fingers up her legs
in a series of light strokes, sending shooting sensations straight through the
bewildered housewife's body.  As Stephanie's fingers approached Debbie's upper
thighs and the bottom of her ass, Debbie's breathing became irregular and she
couldn't help but let out a soft yelp followed by a deep groan.  Debbie couldn't
help thinking to herself.  "I can't believe that in spite of my humiliated
condition, my body is responding to her touch with an intensity that really
scares me."

Her fingers continue to travel up her aunt's body skipping her crotch but
circling her stomach and sides.  By the time Stephanie's wicked fingers drew a
light trail around her breasts, she had gained complete control of Debbie's
body's sexual responses.  Sensing her victory, Stephanie tickled her hardening
nipples into long, hard nubs that ached for more demanding attention.

But her fingers didn't linger for very long as they rose even higher, over her
shoulders and up the sensitive sides of her collared neck.  Her fingers then
slid down her back until they reached her ass, causing an involuntary tensing of
Debbie's lush bottom.  Stephanie lingered on her ass, drawing the lightest
little circles over both clenched cheeks.  As she reached the back of her thighs
and knees, Debbie thought she would faint from the erotic sensations coursing
through her body.

Stephanie repeated her teasing probe again.  By the time she started for the
third lap, she sensed her aunt was a quivering mess.  She really loved playing
with her prey.  There was nothing quite like the feeling of having absolute
power over another human being.

Debbie couldn't believe that her body was betraying her so completely.  "My
pussy is aching for some contact.  I can feel my clit throbbing along with my
pounding heart.  What is happening to me?  Is there something wrong with me? 
I'm not really a slut?  I know I'm not.  But why am I acting this way?"

On the third time through Stephanie paid attention to Debbie's cunt.  She
lightly traced her fingers around the outside of her labia sending shivers of
pleasure through Debbie's oversensitive skin.  Her pussy was leaking her womanly
cream, despite her best efforts to control herself.

"Look how wet you are.  You are such a horny little slut.  You must love being
under our control.  Now, open your mouth and suck my fingers, slut."  Stephanie
ordered as she lifted her sex-coated fingers up to her mouth.  Debbie thought
about keeping her mouth shut, but she didn't want to add to the punishment that
she was sure was coming.  So she opened her mouth wide as Stephanie ran her wet
fingers all around her mouth.  As Stephanie watched her aunt bathe her fingers
of her own sexual excitement, she saw her aunt's eyes welling up with tears
again.

"Don't you worry Auntie Slut, by the end of today you will do lots more things
that you would never have believed possible.  From now on, you will no longer
control your desires and excitement.  Amber and I will control them for you. 
All you have to do is follow direction.  Just stop thinking and you will be
fine.  Now Amber, take our nasty little slut to the training room.  She
obviously needs reminding of her place."  Stephanie decreed with a devilish
tone.

"N-No...please...oh no," Debbie whimpered.

"You're coming with me Auntie slut," said Amber.  "And you had better be fucking
quiet!" she barked.  "I've had enough of your hysterics.  Soon, you'll have
something to cry about, but not yet!"

Amber attached a leash to the steel collar before violently yanking the crushed
housewife forward.  Debbie is hauled off to the garage, which has been
transformed into a training room.  She can't get over the dramatic changes.  The
walls and floor have been redone to appear as though they were made of stone. 
There were no windows visible.  And across the ceiling were heavy beams, from
which Debbie could see chains and manacles hanging down menacingly.  Around the
walls were various pieces of equipment whose purpose Debbie did not know.  She
shuddered with fear as she realized she was entering Stephanie and Amber's
dungeon and what was sure to be her personal hell.

********************************************************************************
********************

Amber led Debbie to the center of the room before ordering, "Stand still and try
to be a good pet."

She then walked over to the far wall and studied the many objects on display
before selecting a long thin leather encased switch.

Amber informed her aunt that is was time to further her training as she
menacingly flicked the switch.

"Get your back straight Auntie slut," she barked, "and pull your shoulders back. 
Stick your tits as far forward as possible.  Haven't we been through this
before?"

Debbie bit her lip and blushed as she thought of the lewd display she was making
of her body.  The shame of it!  But she did as she was told.  She knew better
than to cross this girl.

"What are you blushing for?" demanded Amber.

Debbie blushed even deeper.  "I...I don't know," she whimpered.

"Don't know...what?"

"I don't know, Mistress Amber."

"It's good to see that you haven't forgotten ALL of your training.  But I'm
fucking warning you Auntie slut, you had better not forget yourself again,"
threatened Amber.

"It is your responsibility to display yourself to full advantage at all times. 
You must make sure that everyone knows what a hot slut you have become.  You
have a pair of tits to be proud of, so stick them out.  Understand?"

"Y-Yes...M-Mistress Amber," she managed to answer. 

Amber kept her in the same position, with her breasts thrusting outward for a
couple more minutes.  It wasn't until Amber could see perspiration begin to form
on Debbie's brow and flow down her beautiful face before falling unto her
outstretched tits that she finally released Debbie's wrist from the manacles
attached to the collar around her neck.  She then unlocked the collar and placed
it on one of the many hooks that hung on the wall.

"Now don't move a muscle you stupid cunt." Amber commanded as she noticed the
look of absolute horror starting to show in her pet's face.  She grabbed a
bottle of lubricant from one of the newly installed shelves and began to apply
it to a red tapered butt plug.

Amber motioned for Debbie to bend over and spread her ass cheeks wide.  Debbie
quickly bent over with her legs apart, grabbed an ass cheek in each hand and
spread her ass as wide as she could.  Her pink anal ring was now totally exposed
to her mistress' glare.  Despite being placed in such a degrading position,
Debbie was only mindful of the stark anger that twinkled in her mistress' blue
eyes.

Amber made sure her index finger was well lubricated, then rammed it all the way
up her pet's rectum.  Debbie let out a low grunt but otherwise didn't flinch
much.  Amber worked her finger in and out of her tight asshole until she felt it
was stretched enough to start with the butt plug.  She placed the tip of the
first tapered ring against her anus and began to push.  The first ring plopped
into her rectum without much resistance.  Her asshole was now stretched around
the one-inch diameter shaft and the first tapered ring was firmly lodged in her
rectum.

Before Debbie could catch her breath, Amber began to push on the plug again. 
This time there was a little more resistance.  She heard Debbie give another low
grunt, and the second tapered ring plopped into her rectum.  Her asshole was now
stretched around the one and a half-inch shaft.  She immediately started pushing
again and Debbie started a low whispered whining.  Amber imagined the pressure
of the two and a half-inch diameter tapered ring in her aunt's beautiful
asshole.  She was certain that Debbie was feeling more pain than pleasure as the
butt plug refused to yield to her violated hole.

Suddenly, Debbie grunted as the last ring was forced into her asshole as it was
swallowed up with a loud, plopping sound.  The sound of the plopping was so loud
that it echoed with the dungeon-like room.  Debbie's asshole now firmly grasped
around the last 2-inch shaft of the butt plug between the largest ring and its
base.  Amber tugged on the base of the plug and was amazingly surprised at how
snug Debbie's sphincter muscles held onto the invader.  The last ring was lodged
firmly in her tight rectum and it was going to take a strong pull to get it out
of there.  Debbie felt immense discomfort as if she had a log shoved up her ass,
although the butt plug measured seven inches from the tip to the base.  She was
also ashamed that the plug in her ass was giving her twinges of pleasure she has
never imagined possible.

Amber motioned for her to stand up.  At first Debbie was standing awkwardly with
her back arched and her butt sticking out.  Amber almost laughed when she
realized she looked like she had a stick up her ass.  "Stand up straight you fat
cow."

With what looked like great effort, Debbie finally squeezed her ass cheeks
together as hard as she could and returned to a semi-normal posture with her
breasts lewdly thrust outward.  Amber could barely see the base of the butt plug
squeezed tightly between her ass cheeks.

"Auntie Slut, I do love you, you know.  What I'm doing to you is for your own
good.  You need to learn to follow directions."  Amber said as she let her left
hand slide down over her aunt's ass, down into her crack where her butt plug was
straining at her tight anus.  "For a reminder, you will need to keep this inside
you until I say you can remove it."

Debbie squirmed a bit as Amber idly played with the butt plug.  "Do you
understand what I'm telling you?"  Amber said as she pulled hard on the butt
plug, allowing a half-inch of it's length to come out before shoving it back in.

"Yes Mistress, unhh," the degraded housewife managed to spit out as she squirmed
against the anal fucking she was receiving.

"Good little slutty pet," Amber whispered as she leaned down and tongue kissed
her deeply humiliated aunt as she started to slowly fuck her ass with the
tapered plug.  She pulled the naked woman tightly against her as she forced the
plug back in fully, demonstrating her superiority.  Amber continued, enjoying
the mews of pleasure escaping from Debbie as the tapered rings of the butt plug
now easily slipped in and out of her aunt's tortured asshole.

Suddenly, Amber grabs Debbie by the roots of her hair and pulls the confused
woman across the training room.  Debbie is thrown against a T post, where Amber
quickly and expertly fastens her hands behind the post.

"Spread your legs. NOW!" Amber yells as she kicks at her aunt's trembling legs.

Debbie looks down to see Amber fastening an ankle restraint around each of her
legs.  She then stretched her poor aunt's legs even farther apart as she
shackles each leg to hooks secured in the new stone flooring.

Debbie flinches as Amber takes the end of the switch and slowly rubs it down the
center of her defenseless body.  She circles each proud mound of flesh before
sliding it between her painfully outstretched legs.

"You have so much to learn my little slut.  You will be trained to please both
men and woman.  Your body should be alluring at all times.  Your eyes should be
inviting and your dress should be revealing.  Your cunt should be welcoming to
all who choose to use it.  Your nasty little cunt should always try to grip and
message to provide maximum pleasure for all cocks that you have the pleasure to
entertain.  I will not rest until you are the best cunt licking, cock sucking,
fuck in the entire world."

As Amber instructs her pupil, her hand moves down to her exposed clit.  She
pulls the hood aside and begins to rub her throbbing button.  Upon seeing the
size of her clit, Debbie let's out a gasp.  It was larger than she had ever seen
it.  It was sticking out erect like the tip of a finger.  It was so sensitive
right now that Debbie knew she would cum in just a moment or two if she
continued her attentions.

But just as Debbie was about to climax, Amber slid her hand down to her drenched
cunt before inserting two fingers.  Amber sawed her fingers in and out of
Debbie's dripping hot sex while she continued to cultivate her aunt's
masochistic side.

As Amber starts to play with her pet's breasts she continues to thrust her
fingers into her cunt.  She suddenly realizes that Debbie is unconsciously
trying to squeeze her fingers as they continue to plunge deeper and deeper into
her exposed cunt.  Amber can't suppress the wicked grin that escapes upon
realizing that her slave is now unconsciously following her orders. 

"I can' believe how my body is betraying me.  I shouldn't be enjoying this.  I
shouldn't be getting pleasure from someone who is ruining my life.  However, I
am more excited than I have ever been.  I need to cum so badly."  Debbie laments
as Amber continues to play with her bare body.

The frustrated housewife can feel her orgasm fast approaching and just as she is
about to climax, her tormentor removes her hand from her sopping pussy. 
Debbie's hips immediately buck forward, trying to hump her mistress' retreating
hand.

Amber laughs at her before taunting.  "You want to cum, don't you my horny
slut?"  Debbie's whole body was vibrating from the orgasm she was denied. 
"Answer me.  You want to cum more than you ever have in your entire life?"

"Y-Yes, Mistress Amber."

"Yes what, stupid slut?"

"Yes, I want to cum, Mistress Amber."

"Beg for it Auntie Slut."

"Pl-please make me cum.  Gawd, how I need to cum.  I will be a good slave girl
for you.  JUST PLEASE LET ME CUM!!!"

"You must really want it bad.  I always thought you were a bit of a slut, but
boy was I wrong.  You are a sex crazed super slut."  Amber teased her captive as
she untied her arms and released her legs.

"Now, get down on your hands and knees you stupid whore," Amber forcefully
ordered.

Dejectedly, Debbie fell on to her hands and knees.  Her long blond hair falling
wildly over her face.   She felt even more shame and humiliation than she
thought possible. She wanted nothing more than to rub her clit until she had the
orgasm of a lifetime.  But she must fight the temptation...

"No, not like that," said Amber.  "Get your head up."

Debbie's head shot up.  She choked.  How humiliating this was for her.  To be
ordered to pose like some kind of animal.  She flinched as Amber tapped the
small of her back with her switch.

"Dip more there," she ordered.

Debbie dipped her back.

"The object of that," said Amber, "is to give your ass a more thrust up
appearance, but at the same time, you must make an effort to stick your bottom
up."

Debbie moaned.  How disgusting, how totally disgusting!  She found it virtually
impossible to force herself into such a degrading posture.  At least, she
thought she couldn't do it, until Mistress Amber who had moved around behind
her, gave her a full throttle whip with the switch across her exposed ass.

Debbie uttered a piercing shriek and fell down on the stone floor, crushing her
breasts beneath her.  Her hands clutched at her inflamed bottom.

"Stupid slut, do as you're told!"  Amber's voice shot out above the cries of
pain as Debbie twisted and turned, her ass squirming as she absorbed the
dreadful pain.  "How many times do I have to tell you?"

"Ohhh...nooooo," she sobbed as she struggled to regain her posture.

"Up, up on your hands and knees," Amber commanded.  Her switch flicked,
whistling through the air.  Debbie thought she was about to get another lash so
she forced herself back up on to her hands and knees as she sobbed pitifully.

"Now do as I told you," said Amber.  "Stick that ass up in the air like you were
last night when Malcolm was fucking you." 

This time Debbie did not find it so impossible to degrade herself.  Her head
jerked up, her back dipped, and her shapely ass came thrusting up invitingly. 
She was resolved to avoid the switch at all cost.

"That's better you stupid cock sucking whore," said Amber.   "Next time, do as
you're told immediately and without hesitation.  I always knew you were kind of
slow, but I never imagined that you were really this stupid."

Amber made her stay in that posture for a full ten minutes.  Debbie was still
sobbing the entire time as she began to recall the events of last night.  "I
can't believe I betrayed my husband like that.  He must have been so hurt seeing
me cavorting like a total cock starved whore.  I must be the worst mother and
wife in the entire world.  No wonder he doesn't want me anymore."

"Open your legs," Amber suddenly ordered.  A spasm passed through Debbie as her
modesty temporarily overcame her.

SWEEEEP_SMACK!

The switch dug deep into the soft flesh of Debbie's ass sending her sprawling
and writhing in pain.  But this time, Amber didn't stop there.  She administered
four more vicious blows across the tops of Debbie's thighs as she lay there
twisting and crying.

Debbie's mouth gaped open with her screams of torment.

SWEEEEP_SMACK!

"Noooooo...oooohhhhh...no....please....please...no!" She screamed as the leather
encased switch landed on her exposed flesh again.

"Defiant slut!" hissed Amber.  "I'll teach you what happens if you defy me!"

"No...no....please!" Debbie begged.

"Get up on your hands and knees."

Debbie forced herself up again.  Her bottom was burning and her back ached from
holding herself in position.

"Open your legs!"

Debbie dared not hesitate.  She didn't want to feel the switch again.  With a
groan she opened her legs for her demanding niece.

"Wider than that!"

Degradingly, Debbie opened her legs to full stretch while she kept her back
dipped and bottom thrust upward.

"Keep your ass up in the air!"

Groaning again, Debbie forced it up even higher.

"That's better.  Now when I say 'assume the position' this is the correct
posture that you should take.  If you fail to obey me without pause or
hesitation, you will be severely punished.  Do you understand?"

"Yes, Mistress Amber."

Amber smiled and kept her pet in that position for what seemed like an eternity
to the humiliated housewife.

********************************************************************************
********************

Just when Debbie thought she couldn't hold her pose any longer, Amber ordered
her to rise.  Debbie steadied herself and slowly rose to her feet.  She was very
careful to make sure her breasts were thrust out and back arched.  She was
deathly afraid of Amber's switch and didn't want to give her a reason to use it
on her poor backside again.

"Stick out your hands." Mistress Amber commanded.  Debbie immediately complied. 
The metal of the handcuffs she placed on her wrists where cold and the shock of
hearing the locks snap shut jerked Debbie's head up.  Amber grasped her slave's
outstretched hands and hooked the links between the cuffs to a chain attached to
a hook in a beam running along the ceiling. 

Amber then pulled on the chain tightening it until Debbie's hands slowly raised
above her head.  She kept pulling on the chain until her aunt's body was
stretched taunt with only the balls of her feet touching the cold hard floor. 
Debbie had never felt so exposed or vulnerable in all her life.  She was
completely at the mercy of her sadistic niece.

Amber reached down and took a blindfold from a table and covered Debbie's tear
streaked eyes. She then fastened a leather slave collar around her neck and a
leather belt around her waist.  She attached two leg cuffs to her ankles before
spreading Debbie's quivering legs painfully apart, clipping them to a post. She
was now hanging, completely immobile.  The final touch was a pink ball gag that
was inserted into the bewildered housewife's shocked mouth.

A shiver of fearful anticipation ran down Debbie's back. "I have no idea what
Amber's sick mind has in store for me.  I must obey her and please her so I can
avoid any further punishment.  What is she going to do to me?  How long have I
been hanging here? God please help me!"  Debbie didn't know how long she had
been hanging that way, completely exposed to her every whim. It wasn't long, but
it felt like hours to her as her shoulders and arms started to hurt from
supporting the weight of her body.

Amber then leaned down and once again started to play with Debbie's clit.  "Look
at the size of your clit, slut.  It must be twice the size of mine.  You are
just built for sex, aren't you?"

********************************************************************************
********************

Amber tapped Debbie's ass lightly with a riding crop.  Debbie was scared. 
Actually, she was more than scared, she was terrified.  Of the two girls, Amber
was much more sadistic than her older sister.  Debbie wasn't sure if she could
survive Amber's fury and wished that Mistress Stephanie would come to her
rescue.

"I'm going to teach you to obey," Amber said softly, and that made Debbie wince. 
She didn't want her lovely ass subjected to the severe punishment that this girl
was so ready and eager to give her.  She didn't want to feel the merciless
cutting and slashing that she was sure to encounter.  But she was helpless. 
"How can I get out of this mess.  There must be an answer."  But she couldn't
come up with any answers, she really couldn't.

As Debbie held her breath in the dimly lit, cool training room, she waited
patiently for what she knew had to come.  But nothing, and then...

WHACK!  SMACK!   WHACK!

"You didn't really think your actions of this morning would go unnoticed and
uncorrected, now did you?"  Amber hissed as she applied the crop to Debbie's
back.  "You should have thought about your actions before coming downstairs in
hysterics this morning."

Debbie thought the crop was even worse than Stephanie's whip!  It was made of a
hard, unbendable type of material, and each time it hit her, she had to jump
even harder and faster than the last time.  Each time she was smacked, she
bucked herself and kicked vainly in her bounds.  Over and over and over again
Amber beat her aunt's outstretched body.

WHACK!  THWACK!  SMACK!  WHACK!

Debbie was frantically moving her hips trying in vain to avoid the sting of the
crop.  Her body flailed away wildly as Amber continued to punish her until
finally Debbie's body was humping regularly and steadily, even when it wasn't
being beat.  She was groaning and salivating, dripping spit out of the side of
the ball gag as she hopelessly took her punishment.

A thin sadistic smile flickered over Amber's lips as she moved around to
Debbie's front before viscously striking her vulnerable and sensitive breasts
with the crop.

"You stupid," WHACK!  "disobedient," SMACK!  "fucking," THWACK!  "bitch!" WHACK!

There was a sound in Amber's voice that was so terrifying to Debbie she didn't
even want to think about it.  It was as if she were in another world, getting
off on this whipping, creaming and cumming and not at all aware there was a
person taking the beating.  God, it was too much, until finally Amber stopped. 
Debbie felt herself slumping over as much as she could in the position her body
was in.  She was trying so hard to catch her breath.

Surveying her work, Amber smiled as she watched her aunt's body hanging limply
from her bounds.  "I bet the bitch will jump to it now."   She then left the
garage to get her older sister.



To be continued... If you have any story line ideas for future chapters, or
would like to comment on the story please e-mail me at wifefantasy@hotmail.com.




Housewife's Awakening
(MF, F+/F, wife, reluctant, humiliation, spanking, toys, exhibition,
interracial)

If you enjoy this story please e-mail me at wifefantasy@hotmail.com to let me
know.  If you have an idea for how this story should continue, please let me
know and I will work it into one of the upcoming chapters.

Chapter Twelve - The Trap is Set

By WF (many thanks goes to Eric for his editorial assistance)

Debbie had no idea how long she had been hanging alone in the garage.  As far as
she knew it could have been hours, or even days.  Her body was exhausted and her
spirit had been broken.

She still could not see anything through the blindfold that Amber had placed
over her eyes.  While she was passed out, Stephanie had slipped unnoticed into
the training room.  Stephanie looked at her dangling aunt with a smirk,
surveying her sister's handiwork. 

Stephanie had to admit that despite her impulsiveness, her sister sure knew how
to work a slave over.  As Stephanie's eyes examined Debbie's sweaty body, she
was impressed with her sister's ability to administer such a thorough punishment
without leaving a single mark on her body.  That was good since Debbie had to go
to work tonight.

Debbie suddenly became aware of a pair of hands forcefully rubbing her bare ass. 
She couldn't tell whose hands they were, but something told her that this
unknown assailant was not going to hurt her further.  She began to relax as the
hands continued to gently caress her abused bottom until she was in such a
relaxed state that she badly wanted to sleep.

She then felt the hands begin to move downward, going down past her parted
thighs, back of her knees, calves, and ankles.  Her flesh was kneaded sensually;
each singular cell seemingly messaged as the hands traced the curves of her
body.  Debbie thought that this feeling could not get any better until she felt
hot, wet kisses being planted wherever the hands roamed.  The feeling continued
to grow as her captor reversed the message, moving up from her ankles slowly,
until finally reaching her outstretched ass.

Debbie, while not sure what to make of such treatment, writhed in pleasure, as
much as her binds would allow.  The small of her back, a private source of
pleasure, received treatment never known to her.  Slowly, the wet mouth started
circling her panting breasts before lightly licking at her rigid nipples.  The
darkness that Debbie was lost in only served to heighten her senses.  She was
now becoming aware of every minor shift in her assailant's balance.

She could hear footsteps as someone walked around the side of her exposed body. 
Debbie felt their presence in front of her, hearing a drone to their breath,
waiting for the next move.  The anticipation was killing her.  She felt
something brush against her cheek that felt rubbery and hard.  In an instant she
sensed that it must be some kind of a dildo.

Stephanie just stood there dragging the tip of the eight-inch black dildo across
her aunt's face.  Debbie could feel the plastic cock as it made its way around
her face and came to the conclusion that while not overly large it was a very
nice size, especially the bulbous, mushroom shaped head.  Stephanie dragged it
across her lips, moistening the tip in the process.  Debbie responded by
offering an open mouth yet Stephanie ignored this invitation, content with
merely drawing a pattern across her facial skin.

Debbie shuddered as Stephanie stopped her sensual assault.  While Debbie could
not see the face of her tormentor, she could feel their stare.  There were no
words, just a stare that could bore a hole into her soul.  Stephanie then leaned
in closer, breathing directly into her face.  She then felt the ball gag being
pulled from her painfully stretched jaw.

Before she could suck in her first gulp of fresh air, Stephanie kissed her full
on the lips.  Debbie instantly melted against her mouth.  Debbie thought to
herself that because of the technique, pressure, and just the right amount of
saliva, this had to be a woman kissing her because no man can kiss like this. 
Never had she experienced a kiss as perfect as this one.  Her tongue rolled over
hers.  Her teeth sinfully tugged at her bottom lip.  It was as passionate as she
had ever experienced.  She could feel her power, her lust.  She could also feel
her cunt becoming incredibly saturated.  If Debbie was turned on earlier, now
she was an inferno.

The kiss was over far too fast for Debbie's pleasure.  At no point in her past
could she remember a kiss doing so much damage to her state of mind.  Devastated
by the sudden end, her mind raced with thoughts of inadequacies, wondering if
her assailant had changed their mind, or was her return kiss not sufficient. 
But before she could finish her train of thought, there came the hands again.  
Roaming over her shoulders, nape of her neck, breasts, stomach, and so on.

Suddenly, Stephanie's tongue jerked Debbie back to reality.  Stephanie kissed
her imprisoned aunt's cunt with the same intensity she had shown in kissing her
mouth.  She used the same motions of rolling her tongue, which she used to draw
across her clitoris.  It was as if she was creating a cup, allowing her clit to
rest in the fold and caress it with both the tip and fleshly middle part of her
tongue.  Debbie was moaning uncontrollably while feeling her nose brush against
her moist opening.  She could hear the suction noises as her assault continued.

Debbie could feel her need climbing again.  Her heart rate soars and a thin
layer of perspiration makes her body glimmer as she struggles against her
restraints.  She starts to grunt and groan out of frustrated need as Stephanie
places both hands on her ass and pushes her face further into her slit.  Debbie
could feel a searing heat radiating through every fiber of her body.  She could
feel her stomach tense up, her personal sign of an approaching incredible
orgasm.

"Oh, Gawd," was all Debbie could force out of her gaped mouth as her passion
built to a frenzied fiery explosion.  It was coming but much too damned slowly. 
Stephanie never stopped the rolling of her tongue or the breathing into her now
overly sensitive cunt.  Pressure continued to build with each passing moment,
insistent that her face be inside her cunt as she exploded.  Stephanie's hands
were insanely tight on her waist, pulling her forwards against her.  The sensory
assault became too much for Debbie to handle.  She wanted to cum so bad, to feed
her precious fluid, to hear herself moan aloud in pleasure announcing to anyone
in shouting distance that she was cumming.  Building slowly, painfully, she was
approaching her climatic moment at a pace that was agonizing.

Stephanie continued to expertly drive her helpless aunt closer and closer to the
edge, before suddenly backing away.  Debbie's stretched; prone, helpless body
began to tremble.  Her large breasts started to roll and jiggle on her chest. 
She could feel her little pleasure organ bulging with nerves that keep sending
arousing signals to her brain.  Her brain sending signals back to her clit to
become even more engorged and more sensitive.  She tries to stop herself, but
she just can not.  This constant stimulation followed by maddening denial is
driving her insane.

"I can't believe how horny she's making me.  My body has been abused, but still
all I can think of is my need to orgasm.  It's almost like my free will has been
stripped from me and replaced with this terrible need.  All this teasing is
driving me crazy.  I just feel like screaming."  Finally resigned to her fate
Debbie begins to beg, "M-M-Mistress, can I please, please, please cum?"

An evil smile spread across Stephanie's face as she pulled herself from her
slave's tender folds.  She relished the enjoyment she was getting from teasing
her plaything.  She laughed inwardly as she noticed her aunt's hips bucking
wildly, trying desperately to regain the friction that would lead to her longed
for release.

"Very good, my little horny pet.  You have pleased me by demonstrating your
ability to control yourself.  I will give you permission to cum, but not yet. 
You have to earn it first."  Stephanie teased as she began to free Debbie from
her bindings.

As she took off the blindfold, Stephanie gave her aunt instruction.  "Now go
take a shower.  You smell like such a nasty slut.  You can take out the butt
plug because it would just get in the way tonight.  And make sure you shave
everything closely.  Be sure to hurry up, I have an exciting night planned for
you.  Oh, and don't even think about playing with yourself."

********************************************************************************
********************

Debbie moves as quickly as her aching body will allow.  Every muscle in her
entire body seems to hurt.  The hot water of the shower soothes the aches and
allows her to escape her predicament for a few minutes.  When she runs her soapy
hands over her nipples, it sends erotic pulses throughout her body.  And the
stimulation was even more intense when she shaves her pussy.  She wants to play
with her clit to get that orgasm that she so badly needs, but she is even more
afraid of the punishment if she were to surrender to her need.  She reluctantly
pulls her hand out of her crotch and turns off the shower.  As she dries her
hair she tries to pull herself together.

After applying her 'heavy' makeup and pulling her hair up into a tight ponytail
as per Stephanie's instructions, Debbie enters her bedroom.  Stephanie is
finishing laying out her clothing for tonight on the bed. "Pet, I've placed your
little outfit for tonight on the bed.  You will find your costume for your
performance in the duffel bag over there.  You are not to open it until it's
time to change.  Do you understand?"

Feeling self conscious about standing naked in front of her fully dressed
teenage niece; Debbie can't bring her gaze off the ground.  "Yes, Mistress, your
slut understands."

"Very good!  Mistress Amber will be taking you to the club tonight.  Remember
that the better you perform, the better tips you'll get and the closer you'll be
to winning your freedom."  Stephanie said this fully knowing that she had no
intentions of allowing her aunt to succeed.

"Step over to the vanity mirror."  Stephanie ordered.

Before Debbie could even take a breath, Stephanie's hand was holding both of her
wrists tightly together.  Debbie trembled as she felt her wrists being cuffed
together behind her back.  Stephanie smiled as she watched her aunt's giant
flesh melons push out prominently.  She then kicked her aunt's feet apart,
causing her to arch her back even more.

Stephanie walked around her embarrassed aunt, assessing her body, still damp
from the shower and erotically stressed from this afternoons teasing and
punishment.  She watched as Debbie's nipples immediately stiffened.  Debbie
could also feel her clit grow and begin to throb.  She could not believe how
quickly her body betrayed her.  "Gawd, I am turning into such a total slut."

"You look so hot," Stephanie purrs as she runs her fingers over the proud tits
displayed so lewdly.  "You are coming along much quicker than I had hoped for. 
Look how quickly I've taken control of your body.  Despite your best intentions,
your body now belongs to me."

Debbie wondered to herself if she was right.  As Stephanie talks, her fingers
move over her exposed body, running up her arms and down her neck, over her
stomach and along her thighs.  Within seconds, Debbie's cunt starts dripping. 
Despite every effort to keep herself from getting excited, she can do nothing to
stop her body from responding.

"You are now my toy, to play with, anyway I want to."  Stephanie whispers as she
plays with the lips of Debbie's aching cunt.

The reflection in the mirror greatly disturbs Debbie.  She sees herself, but she
has not seen this side of herself before.  The body in the mirror is glowing
with erotic need; her breasts have swelled and pussy has opened like a flower,
all puffy and oozing; her chest rapidly expanding and contracting, hips
gyrating. She can see the sexual strain pulse through every muscle.

Stephanie reached for the bed and retrieved a set of SmartBalls that she had
placed there earlier.  They were two silicone-covered balls connected together
in the middle by a short neck.  There was a string attached to one end to make
it easier to remove them.  Each ball had another ball inside that would roll and
rattle around.  The whole thing was about 4" long and just under 1.5" in
diameter.  Debbie did not have any trouble imagining where they went.

"Put them in.  Your horny, little cunt looks like it's already dripping so it
shouldn't be a problem."  Stephanie instructed as she watched the older woman
insert the balls into her cunt.   Once they were in, Stephanie added, "Keep
those in until I tell you to take them out.  If you're a good slave, I'll let
you take them out later tonight."

Debbie found that the balls made things very interesting.  Every time they
moved, even just a little, the rattles in the balls bounced around sending
subtle vibrations through her pussy.  They would keep her very aroused, but it
was very unlikely that there would be enough stimuli to actually make her cum. 
"Shit, these damn balls are going to drive me crazy, but then I am sure that's
what Stephanie wants."

Stephanie then stood behind her captive and began to gently stroke her ass.  She
then reached for another one of her goodies.  A mischievous grin grew across her
face as she retrieved the tube of Sta-Erect nipple gel.  She applied a generous
amount to her fingertips before reaching around and cupping her aunt's tits. 
She pulled, tweaked, and massaged her aching nipples until she was satisfied
that the gel would be able to do its nasty work.

She continued her petting and stroking as she slid her hand down between
Debbie's parted thighs.  As she played with the lips of her pussy she applied
more of the wicked gel to her fingertips.  The unsuspecting housewife was not
aware of the gel being applied to her most sensitive area as her niece was
tenderly stroking and caressing her engorged clit from behind.

Stephanie nearly laughed out loud as she envisioned the maddening frustration
that her aunt would feel as she was kept on the brink of orgasm for hours upon
hours.  "This is going to be so much fun."

Debbie could not help moaning softly and moving against her tormentor's hand as
Stephanie continued her embrace.  But before she could gain a rhythm, Stephanie
pulled away.

"Now get dressed.  We have a busy night ahead of us."  Stephanie informed her
bewildered pet as she is unlocking the handcuffs.  "You have 10 minutes to get
ready, don't disappoint me."

********************************************************************************
********************

Debbie looked at the articles of clothing that Stephanie had thrown on the bed. 
The first item that caught her eye was a purple thong panty.  It was not the
panty itself that Debbie was struck by, but the fact that for the first time in
what seemed like forever, she would be allowed to wear panties.  Lying next to
the panties was a pair of jeans along with a bright fluorescent pink halter-top. 
Debbie thought to herself that the girls must have gone shopping again, because
she had never seen these clothes before.

She took a deep breath as she reached for the purple thong.  After picking it up
she noticed that there was a series of rhinestones on the back that would rest
just above the crack of her ass.  Upon closer examination she was shocked to see
the message, "Who's Next?" spelled out for all to see.  "Thank God Stephanie's
allowing me to wear jeans tonight.  It would be so embarrassing to walk around
with that awful message plastered across my bottom."  She thought to herself as
she slid the thong up her thighs and over the round fullness of her ass cheeks.

Next Debbie picked up the new pair of jeans.  Instinctively, she looked at the
tag on the inside and noticed that they were a size 3.  She normally wore a size
5 in jeans.  She also observed that the jeans were super, low-cut hip huggers
that all the teenagers wore these days.  "This is going to be absolutely
humiliating.  I am going to look like such a wanna be slut."  She thought to
herself as she struggled to pull on the extremely tight jeans.

After a 5-minute battle, the jeans were finally pulled as high as Debbie could
manage.  She felt very self-conscious as the revealing jeans hung below her
hipbone.  Despite her best efforts, she could not get them to stretch any
higher.  She knew that the tightness of the material that hugged her ass would
give her an extra sway as she moved.

Wondering how she looked from behind, Debbie turned around and looked in the
mirror.  The thong disappeared between her firm ass cheeks and she could feel it
wedged between her cunt lips.  However, she was appalled to discover that the
"Who's Next?" logo was clearly visible as well as the cleft that divided her
curvaceous globes.

Since Stephanie did not select a bra, Debbie assumed that she wanted her to go
bra-less.  Picking up the halter-top, she discovered that it was an extra-small. 
Debbie normally wore a medium due to her large bust size.  She thought it lucky
that the material was a spandex stretch fabric, otherwise there was no way in
hell that she could fit into the top.

She knew better than to argue over the garment so she tried to pull the top over
her head and down to cover her exposed chest.  The top was so tight that it
caught on the top of her big breasts.  Knowing that she had no choice but to
continue, Debbie pulled and tugged at the thin material.  Her breasts were just
too large to fit in the top, she thought to herself.

Finally, she managed to pull it down covering her naked breasts.  The top was
pulled so taut that Debbie's areolas and nipples were clearly visible through
the thin material.  She also noticed that the top only came down to within a
quarter inch of the bottom of her twin globes.  The straining material seemed
close to bursting as it fought to contain her lush flesh.  Below the bulging
flesh of her breasts, her midriff was completely bare to anyone interested in
looking.  If she stretched or breathed too deeply, the flimsy top exposed the
bottoms of her breasts, unable to restrain her creamy mounds.

After slipping on her 5-inch platform mules, Debbie cautiously turned around to
inspect herself in the mirror.  She took a deep breath to calm her nerves and at
least momentarily felt better.  That was until she looked in the mirror and saw
what she looked like in this teenage getup.  She just about died of
embarrassment upon realizing that she looked like a common street whore. 

She could not possibly go out in public like this.  Her top was so tight that it
looked like it was painted on her.  Her jeans were so low that the top of her
ass cleavage was visible, even when she stood straight up.  She just couldn't
especially with that provocative remark on the thong clearly visible to anyone
staring at her inviting ass.

"Auntie Slut, where are you?  It's time to go."  Amber's voice boomed down the
hallway.

Hearing her mistress calling her, Debbie grabbed her duffel bag and scurried out
of the bedroom as fast as she could.

********************************************************************************
********************

The ride to the other side of town seemed to drag on forever.  Debbie's face was
flushed and her nipples were so hard that she was afraid they might actually
poke holes in the thin fabric that was straining to contain them.  Her clit was
throbbing and she found herself trying to rub her aching sex against the seat to
create the friction that would bring the relief that she needed so badly.

As they entered the freeway, Debbie suddenly stamped her feet on the floorboard
and groaned.  Amber asked her what the matter was.  "Mistress, It's these balls. 
They're driving me crazy.  I feel like I'm on the way to an orgasm, and I can't
get any closer.  Riding in the car is the absolute worst.  They just bounce all
the time."

Amber smiled as she realized that the balls had done their work.  They did not
seem so bad at first, but the cumulative effect of spending all day unable to
think of anything but sex, while being continually denied release, is more
intense than most people would expect.  Poor Debbie thought she was losing her
mind.  It took all of her self-control to keep herself from shoving her hand
down her jeans and frigging herself until she reached a crashing crescendo of
continuous orgasms.

Through her sexual haze, Debbie heard Amber mention something about stopping at
the next gas station.  But to be honest, she could not seem to think about
anything other than her incredible need.   While she continued to twist in her
seat, Amber pulled into a 24-hour combination mini-mart/gas station.

Amber went inside and left Debbie to pump the gas. The total was over $50 and
Debbie went inside to find Amber loaded up with snacks.  Debbie had no money,
but was thankful to see a large, black woman behind the counter.  When Debbie
walked toward the counter she overheard Amber saying something about a trade to
the black woman. Debbie thought to herself that she must have misunderstood
something.

"Twana here has agreed to accept your tongue in payment for the gas and eats,"
Amber announced as Debbie got to the counter. "I'm going to watch the place for
her while you two go in the back and get better acquainted.

The large black woman grinned at Debbie.  "I ain't had no loving from a white
woman in a long time."  Twana said, grabbing Debbie by her ponytail and leading
her back to the women's restroom.

Once inside, Twana locked the door.  Debbie was disgusted, but was reserved to
get this over with as quickly as possible.  The bathroom was filthy with urine
and paper on the floor.  She looked up to see Twana pushing her jeans down over
hips that were three times the size of Debbie's.  Within moments, Twana was
naked.  Debbie was trembling as she looked at the large black woman.  Her tits
hung down almost to her waist and her cunt was encircled by thick, tightly
curled, black hair.

"Let's hurry it up you little white bitch, I ain't got all night," Twana laughed
and sat on the toilet with her legs spread wide.

Debbie started to gag and turn away when Twana grabbed Debbie's ponytail and
jerked her down to her knees.  Before Debbie could get away, Twana shoved
Debbie's face into her spread open cunt.  Debbie could smell the gamy odor of
sweat as her nose was scratched by pubic hair that was coarse as steel wool. 
The humiliated housewife sucked in a deep breath and slowly extended her tongue
between the meaty lips of the black woman.

"That's it you white bitch, now work on my clitty," Twana directed.

Debbie found a hard bud that was the size of a child's penis sticking out from
the meaty cunt lips.  She was thankful that she did not have to search long; the
size made it easy for her to take Twana's clit in her mouth.  Debbie took a
quick breath, but the odor still rushed into her nostrils and again she almost
gagged.   She focused on sucking the clit between her lips and flicking it with
the tip of her tongue.  Twana was sliding her hips forward; thrusting into
Debbie's face and groaning loudly as her body gyrated under the petite
housewife's face.

"Oh baby, use that tongue bitch, I'm a cumming," Twana yelled and pulled
Debbie's face away from her cunt.

As Debbie gasped to breathe she felt a splat against her cheek.  Twana was
actually shooting female cum from her cunt onto Debbie's face.  It was too much
for Debbie and she opened her mouth to gag and felt a large, blob of liquid
strike her upper lip and drip into her mouth.  Debbie turned away, started to
gag and almost vomited.  Twana was not able to stop herself from laughing.

"You little white bitch, you' sure are a good little cunt eater, I might see if
that ho wants to sell your ass," Twana offered while continuing to laugh.

Debbie leaned into the sink and spit the liquid from her mouth. She washed her
face and heard Twana leave the bathroom.  When Debbie exited, she heard Amber
tell Twana that Debbie was not for sale.  Amber came over to where Debbie stood
and laughed asking how Debbie liked black cunt.  Debbie turned crimson and
followed her mistress back to the car.  Amber ordered Debbie into the back seat
while she jumped in front.   As the Suburban headed back onto the freeway,
Debbie slumped down in the seat as she tried to recover from yet another
humiliating act of degradation forced upon her by her twisted nieces.  She felt
like crying because no matter how hard she tried to get the awful image of
Twana's naked body out of her mind, she just couldn't.

A few minutes later Amber suddenly announced, "Well, here we are," as she pulled
up to the backstage entrance.  "Now remember to make us proud.  We will be
checking on you sometime tonight and if we get a bad report from Carlos, you
will wish you were dead.  You are to wear exactly what we've provided in the
duffel bag, nothing more and nothing less.  Oh, and yes, you can take the
SmartBalls out of your nasty cunt while you dance, but you had better put them
back in immediately afterwards.  After you get finished with your shift, change
back into the outfit you have on.  We will pick you up right here at 12:00
sharp.  DON'T BE LATE!"

"Yes mistress, your slut will make you proud."  Debbie replied as she exited the
Suburban on wobbly legs.

Something about the way Amber said 'wish you were dead' really scared Debbie. 
She was beginning to think that no cruelty was beyond her young niece.  She
would do the best job she could tonight.  Not because she enjoyed it, but
because she wanted to earn as much money as possible to buy her freedom.  And
for some weird reason that escaped her, she also wanted to make her mistresses
proud.

********************************************************************************
********************

This had been one of the worst days of Brett's life.  His heart ached for his
disintegrating marriage and his prick was in constant pain from the torturous
cock cage that held him in prison.  He could not get the image of his loving and
faithful wife, begging Malcolm to 'fuck her harder' as he shoved his huge cock
between his wife's outstretched legs, out of his tortured head.  He loved her
dearly and was nearly insane with jealousy at this point. He would give anything
to escape from this nightmare.

As Brett entered his front door, he resolved to talk with Debbie tonight and put
an end to this horrendous misery.  She would have to forgive him after what
she'd done last night.  She just had to...

"Uncle Brett," Amber called out, "You're right on time.  Come to the living
room."

Not wanting to feel needles sticking into his penis again, Brett closed his eyes
and made his way to the living room.  When Amber saw her uncle nearly run into a
lamp she could not help but to start giggling.

"Oh poor, poor Uncle Brett.  Have you had a HARD day?  Don't worry, we can keep
an eye on you now so your cage can come off."  Amber giggled as she pulled
Brett's pants down to his knees, unlocking the tiny padlock that held the cage
in place.

Brett was relieved beyond words when he felt the cage being removed.  He knew in
his heart that there was no way he could keep from getting an erection around
his two wanton nieces.  Not knowing what was expected of him next, he stood
perfectly still, with his trousers still hanging at his knees.

"Uncle Brett, pull up your pants and go sit at the table like a good little boy. 
Dinner is just about ready."  Amber playfully informed her visibly shaken uncle.

Cautiously, Brett sat at the dinner table and waited for his dinner.  While
waiting he could not help but notice that Stephanie was wearing a denim skirt
that was so short it barely covered her ass.  In addition, Stephanie's large
tits were barely covered in the bikini top of a swimsuit.  The tiny triangles
did little to hide her charms as her tit flesh spilled out either side.  Brett
did not want to get caught staring so he diverted his eyes to the living room.

Unfortunately for him, Amber came into his field of vision dressed in short
shorts similar to the ones she had on this morning.  However, this pair was
strategically torn just at the crack in her tight ass.  She wore a cotton halter
that was white and did little to hide her firm breasts.  Brett could clearly see
Amber's quarter-size areolas and eraser hard nipples through the thin cloth.

Brett could feel a growing arousal building within his loins as he watched
Stephanie bending over at the waist to retrieve something from the bottom
cabinet.  He could clearly see the red thong pulled tightly separating
Stephanie's delectable ass cheeks as her skirt failed to cover her.  Stephanie
then turned her head and winked at her awestruck uncle without bothering to
cover up.

Not knowing what to make of the situation, Brett diverted his gaze only to latch
onto his younger niece who was now leaning over the other side of the dinner
table.  Her halter kept falling open enough so that Brett could easily see her
nipples.  Sensing his interest, Amber extended her tongue and slowly ran it over
her lips.

Despite the 'forced' training he received in arousal control today, he could not
hold back any longer.  The display that his two immorally, lustful nieces were
putting on for his behalf was too much for him to handle.  His cock grew to full
mast creating a noticeable tent to rise in his pants.  Desperate to draw
attention away from himself, he questioned the girls.  "Mistress Stephanie,
where are Debbie and the kids?"

"Debbie had some um, uh, um, errands she had to run and the nanny took the kids
to a movie tonight."  Stephanie answered as she served Brett his dinner.

Not wanting to upset the girls, Brett thanked them for making him dinner before
questioning them further.  "What nanny?  We don't have a nanny."

"Aunt Debbie didn't tell you about the new nanny?" Stephanie replied faking
surprise.

"No mistress, she didn't tell me anything."  Brett sincerely answered.

"Well, uh, she decided to hire a nanny to watch the kids while she uh, um, uh,
runs her errands."  Stephanie said making sure to put as much mystery into her
response as possible.

Brett was confused and uncertain as to how he should react to the display the
girls were putting on for him.  He decided to lower his head and eat the dinner
that the girls had prepared for him.  He was relieved to see the two teenage
vixens get up and leave the room.  At least now he could eat his dinner in peace
and get himself together.

********************************************************************************
********************

"Were you able to get the Viagra?"  Amber anxiously asked her older sister.

"Yes, but it was harder to get than I expected," Stephanie answered.  "The guy
who sold it to me also gave me this wicked aphrodisiac that will make a man so
horny that he will hump a fire hydrant if given half a chance."

"Awesome, this is working out just as planned.  Now all we have to do is get
Uncle Brett worked up nice and good."  Amber laughed.

"Don't worry, by the time he finishes his drug-laced dinner, he will be insanely
horny and putty in our hands."  Stephanie said through an evil smile.  "We
should have a lot of fun tonight.  The guy said that he'll be a walking hard on
for about 4 hours straight."

********************************************************************************
********************

Debbie sat down in the dressing room at Platinum Blondes and hesitantly opened
the duffel bag that the girls had packed for her.  She opened the bag and a
piece of paper came into view.  It was a letter from the girls.  As Debbie read
the brief letter her hands started to shake uncontrollably.

Auntie Slut,

Tonight you are to give your best performance.  You are to wear exactly what is
in this bag and nothing more.  You will put your hair up in pigtails.  You will
do your normal performance, but tonight we have arranged for a little surprise
for you.  You are to submit completely to this surprise or else be prepared to
pay the consequences.

Remember that we will be in the club watching and you had better make us proud. 
If you embarrass us, be prepared to suffer more pain than you ever thought
imaginable.

Your Mistresses

Debbie was completely in shock.  She thought, "Why is this happening to me?" 
She didn't want to degrade herself in front of a room full of strange men again,
but something told her that if she were to fail things would be much worse for
her.  Why couldn't she be a normal housewife again?  But since that just wasn't
possible, she decided that it would be easier for her if she just went through
the motions and got this over with.

Finding the courage to continue, Debbie carefully emptied the contents of the
duffel bag onto the vanity counter.  She cringed as she looked over what was to
be her 'outfit' for this evening.  Her heart sank as she realized how ridiculous
she would look in this costume.

The normally straight-laced housewife put on the sheer white blouse that must
have been at least two sizes to small.  As per Amber's instructions she didn't
button it, but just tied the shirttails together.  She looked in the mirror and
noticed that she could see right through the thin fabric to her large naked
breasts.  The dark pink circles of her nipples were visible through the sheer
fabric and the tips of her nipples were raising little bumps in the material. 
Debbie could now understand why men look her way.  She used to think that they
were looking for a flaw in the way she looked.  She now realizes that large
breasts on a relatively small frame are very attractive to men.  The tightness
of her blouse held her breasts together, producing substantial cleavage.

Debbie then took out the SmartBalls, which had been keeping her on the brink of
orgasm, out of her dripping snatch.  She was tempted to slide her fingers down
over her lust button to gain the sexual release that she craved, but just then
the stage manager informed her that she better be dressed in 5 minutes and in
line to hit the stage.

A sudden surge of panic overtook her as she realized that she still had to fix
her hair, do her makeup and finish getting dressed.  As much as she wanted to
take care of her burning need, it would have to wait until later.  She quickly
pulled her hair into two tight pigtails on either side of her head.  She then
applied heavy mascara and dark eyeliner to her once proud eyes before stopping
to finish dressing.

A deep sigh escaped through Debbie's lips as she gingerly stepped into the skirt
that the girls had provided.  It was obviously made for a much younger girl
because it was way too short.  Debbie had a tough time even getting it on,
because it was so small.  It was red, pleated, and barely covered her ass. 
White knee socks and patent leather shoes and a pair of white cotton panties
completed the outfit.  Amber had selected the panties for her thinking that they
added a sense of innocence to her flamboyantly slutty outfit.

Debbie looked herself over in the mirror.  She saw a mature woman dressed as a
naughty schoolgirl.  Her panty-covered ass was almost completely exposed and the
sheer top clearly showed that she was not wearing a bra.  To make matters worse
her nipples were still so hard that they hurt and even though she removed the
SmartBalls from her aching sex, her clit was still engorged and raging for
relief.

She turned around to look at her backside in the mirror.  All the workouts were
starting to pay off.  Her tight rounded ass was smooth and you could see the
outline of her crack through the thin panties.  Her legs, like the rest of her
body, were tanned just right and although she was short, the high heels and
short skirt made her legs look long.

Unable to look any longer at the slut in the mirror, she cast her eyes down
towards the floor as she headed towards the stage to await her turn to perform
and whatever cruel demented surprise that her nieces had arranged for her.

********************************************************************************
********************

As Brett finished his dinner he tried to clear his head and calm himself so that
the bulge in his pants would subside.  No matter what he thought of, or didn't
think of, his cock still raged for relief inside his tight pants.  As he
struggled with his growing arousal, Stephanie sauntered into the room.

Stephanie sat down in the middle of the kitchen floor, directly in front of
Brett, and spread her legs wide while pretending to stretch.  The fabric of her
tiny skirt inched up around her waist as the small red tuft of fabric that
covered her pubic mound came into clear view.

Brett couldn't believe the lustful thoughts that dominated his every thought. 
He couldn't believe how his two nieces paraded themselves in front on him, and
how wantonly he was reacting to their exhibition.  He just knew they wanted to
be fucked.  But, Brett couldn't do it.  After being married to Debbie for all
these years, he was not going to cheat on her, well not again, and not of his
own free will, no matter how horny he felt.

"Don't you want me Uncle Brett?  I'm so wet and horny."  Stephanie purred.

Brett could see the wet spot in the center of Stephanie's thong.  He licked his
lips as Amber came into the room and cupped her firm tits while shaking them up
and down enticingly.

"Don't you want to fuck us both?"  Amber cooed.

Sensing that her prey was within her sights, Stephanie lifted herself up and
approached her uncle.  She put an index finger to her lips and touched her
tongue briefly.  She then touched her throat and slowly moved her finger down
her ample cleavage.  Stephanie noticed that the lump in Brett's pants was
unmistakable, then looked him straight in the eye and smiled seductively.

Brett's eyes were glued to Stephanie's finger, which was lightly stroking the
deep crevice between her breasts.  There was no disguising the lust in his eyes. 
Deciding that a little show was in order, Stephanie put her hands on each leg at
the hem of her skirt.  Slowly she slid her hands along her body and up her side. 
She cupped her breasts and hefted them, causing the cleavage to become deeper. 
She pinched each nipple through her bikini top.

Brett could not move as he felt his bulge grow substantially.  Seeing his
predicament, Amber slid behind her uncle and slowly allowed her hand to slither
over her uncle's crotch until it came to rest on his raging monster. 

Mustering all of his inner strength, Brett pushed himself up and got up to leave
the room.  "I can't, I'm married and I love Debbie," Brett protested and went
into the family room.

Stephanie and Amber followed.

"You know Debbie's cheating on you, don't you?" Stephanie teased.

Brett laughed, "You're crazy.  Last night was a one-time freak thing.  She would
never cheat on me behind my back.  If I hadn't given her permission there's no
way in hell that she would have gone through with it.  She did it for me."

"Bet you."  Stephanie replied with a knowing grin, her plan working perfectly.

"What do you want to bet," Brett asked laughing at the absurdity of the idea of
Debbie cheating on him.

"Okay, if Debbie is cheating on you, you'll fuck us both tonight and be our
slave for one year doing anything and anyone we want," Stephanie said.

"And if she's not," Brett asked with skepticism.

"Then we will give you the video tape of you and Rachel and all of the pictures
of Debbie with Malcolm," Stephanie replied as she looked at Amber.

"In other words, you get your life back and we leave, no questions asked," Amber
added.

"You've got a deal," Brett said.  He couldn't believe his good luck.  If winning
the bet depended on his discretion, he might be in trouble.  But this was his
sweet innocent wife they were talking about.  She sang in the church choir and
was a board member at the local PTA for Christ's sake.  There was no way she was
the slut that the girls kept talking about.

Stephanie and Brett shook hands as she informed him that the nanny would be
watching the kids while they took a drive.

"Why do you think she got a nanny after all?  We were sworn to secrecy, but she
has another life that you know nothing about.  You really are married to quite
the slut I must say."  Stephanie teased as she grabbed Brett's arm on the way to
the car.

Brett just chuckled under his breath.  "There is absolutely no way that my sweet
Debbie is cheating on me.  I can't believe that I am finally going to get my
life back."

********************************************************************************
********************

What evil surprise awaits poor Debbie at the club?  Will Brett win back his
family's freedom?  Will the nieces win and enslave them all?  Stay tuned...

To be continued... If you have any story line ideas for future chapters, or
would like to comment on the story please e-mail me at wifefantasy@hotmail.com.




Housewife's Awakening
(MF, F+/F, wife, reluctant, humiliation, spanking, toys, exhibition,
interracial)

If you enjoy this story please e-mail me at wifefantasy@hotmail.com to let me
know.  If you have an idea for how this story should continue, please let me
know and I will work it into one of the upcoming chapters.

Chapter Thirteen - "The Dam Breaks"

By WF

Stephanie reminded Brett of their bet as her car pulled up to Platinum Blondes. 
Brett couldn't help but snicker to himself as they entered the club.  "Debbie
wouldn't be caught dead in a place like this.  Oh well, looks like I just might
have some fun tonight after all."

Carlos couldn't help licking his lips as he watched the threesome enter the
club.  As they approached him he was taken aback by the beautiful brunette
attached to Brett's arm.  Stephanie's long brown hair was let down and looking
great.  The tight shirt she was wearing contoured the delectable form of her 35C
chest like a second skin, and Carlos thought the short skirt she was wearing
should be illegal.  "Damn, those long legs go on forever.  Shit, I've got to get
me a piece of that ass.  I wonder if Amber can hook me up?""

Carlos greeted them as they looked for any empty table.  "Welcome to Platinum
Blondes.  We are sure that you will enjoy yourself tonight.  You are just in
time to catch our most special show.  Can I show you to a VIP table that will
afford you a perfect view of tonight's festivities?"

Brett didn't notice the knowing wink exchanged between Stephanie and Carlos as
he directed them upstairs to the VIP area.  His focus was on Amber's hand, which
was gently rubbing his ass through his pants.  He couldn't understand why he
couldn't loose his erection, or why he felt so incredibly horny. 

Sensing her uncle's interest, Amber leaned over and playfully whispered in his
ear, "You are going to have a great time tonight.  Just relax and enjoy
yourself.  Tonight you are our date, but we do expect you to still behave
yourself."

Brett couldn't help feeling like a lucky man as he walked into the club with his
two sexy teenage nieces.  He lustfully admired Amber's gorgeous features as they
made their way around the club.  Gazing down he noticed the twin globes of her
taut, round bottom that were just barely covered by the shortest of micro-mini
skirts.  The skirt was extremely short and showed off her silky-smooth long legs
with no need for pantyhose.  Amber caught him admiring her backside and looked
over her shoulder at him and smiled seductively, "You like?"  Brett felt his
cock twitch as he looked into his niece's piercing blue eyes.

As Brett's attention was drawn to his younger niece, Stephanie and Carlos
quietly confirmed their plans for the evening as he continued to devour her with
his stare.  "I hope you're happy with this table.  It is the best in the house." 
Carlos offered as he led them to a table that overlooked the entire downstairs. 
Stephanie was pleased to notice that the stage lights hung off the balcony
immediately in front of their table.  This would ensure that they would remain
hidden from anyone on the stage.

Stephanie and Amber gave each other a knowing smile as they made themselves
comfortable and waited for the show to begin.  Before the first song ended,
Stephanie excused herself and headed downstairs.  Amber took the opportunity to
press her body up against her uncle's and slowly and subtly started to grind
against him. 

A devilish grin escaped her lips as she felt his arousal pressing against her
skirt.  She reached down under the table and started to rub his cock through his
jeans as they listened to the loud music pumping through the club.  Brett wanted
so badly to reach under his tempting niece's short skirt and finger her little
pussy, but he was too scared of this teenage Lolita to act on his urges.  Not
being able to touch her in the carnal manner that he really wanted to was
agonizing for him.

Sensing that she had her prey exactly were she wanted him, Amber slowly ran her
hands up her body until they rested on her perky tits and she started to
sensuously play with her nipples through her skimpy top.  Brett couldn't take
his eyes off this brazen vixen that had him completely mesmerized.

Amber slowly withdrew her hands from her engorged nipples and slipped a hand
down into Brett's lap.  She massaged his thigh and worked her way up toward the
noticeable bulge in his jeans.  She cupped his cock through his pants and
seductively licked her lips.  She then lowered her head into his lap and ran her
lips and her cheek over his jeans while squeezing his cock.  She was being such
a tease and it was driving Brett completely mad.  At this moment he thought that
he would actually trade his soul to the devil if she would only take his cock in
her alluring mouth.

********************************************************************************

Debbie's head was spinning.  This was really happening, she was going to have to
strip again and God knows what else her twisted nieces had in store for her. 
She listened closely for the music to end and stepped up to the back of the
stage.  As the music started, Debbie decided she couldn't go through with it and
turned to leave.  At the foot of the stairs stood Carlos and Stephanie. 
Debbie's choices were limited to dancing or being punished, so she approached
the curtains and started swaying to the music.

Mortified, Debbie took a deep breath and opened the curtains before slowly
walking onto the stage.  She could hear men in the audience whistling and making
disgusting comments.  However, the bright stage lights made it difficult for her
to see further back than the first two or three rows.  Debbie thought that was
an advantage as the music started.  She began to move slowly, running her hands
over her breasts and shoving her ass outwards toward the crowd.  Her gyrations
continued as the music played.

********************************************************************************

As the MC introduced the next act, Amber instructed he toy to watch the show. 
Brett and Amber applauded politely as the next stripper took the stage.  Amber
saw Debbie first and turned to watch the look on Brett's face.  "This should be
totally awesome!"

Brett watched as a stripper dressed like a naughty schoolgirl tentatively parted
the curtains and started to slowly grind her hips in time to the loud rock
music.  Brett laughed to himself as he noticed the pigtails prominently
displayed on either side of her head.  "Very cliche, but boy does it work on
her.  Look at how crazy the crowd is getting and she hasn't even started her act
yet."

Brett couldn't help but notice that the sheer white blouse that was tied just
below her ample cleavage did little to hide the fact that she wasn't wearing a
bra.  And the short pleated skirt, if you could call it that, didn't even cover
her white cotton panties, which were visible to Brett's prying eyes way up in
the balcony, as she sashayed across the stage.

As the naughty schoolgirl took her place center stage, Brett's eyes drifted from
her booming body to her heavily made up face.  His eyes bugged out and his mouth
dropped open in shock as he realized that this stripper that had captivated the
sexual imagination of every person in the building was his sweet innocent wife
Debbie.  "This is so unlike my wife.  She has always been shy with her body.  I
have tried for years to get her to wear sexier clothes, skimpier bathing suits. 
But her reply always was that she was a wife and mother, and did not want to
dress like a tramp.  I guess she has decided to change that now, but why?"

Flabbergasted, his mouth was now hanging open as he watched his wife put on a
show like a professional whore.  "I wanted to scream, but was helpless.  What
was going on here?  Why was she doing this?  What else has she been keeping from
me?"  Brett wondered to himself as Amber started to teasingly rub his cock
through his jeans as Debbie continued to dance unaware that her husband was
watching her betrayal.

********************************************************************************

"The sound of my platform heels as I made my way to the center of the stage made
every head in the bar turn.  Just beyond the curtains, I stopped.  My thighs
quivered and my nipples hardened, feeling as if they would poke through the thin
material as I looked at the men in the audience undressing me with their eyes. 
My heart fluttered and my throat became dry.  I knew what I had to do next, but
instead of feeling panicky or frightened, as any proper housewife would have,
instead I felt a strange sense of eagerness."

Debbie could hear whoops and cheers as she made her first slide around the
ever-present pole on stage.  She closed her eyes and tried to imagine that she
was at home, stripping privately for her husband.   She spread her legs as she
straddled the pole and slid slowly first down and then back up, showing the thin
white fabric of her panties as they rubbed up against the pole.

The crowd would never guess that the naughty schoolgirl who was humping and
gyrating up and down the pole was actually having one of the worse times of her
life.  For her dancing in front of a room full of horny strangers was one of the
most degrading things she had ever done.  They would never guess that her mind
was actually a million miles away, because even though she hadn't been doing it
long, she was becoming very good at it.

After a few minutes she stood still in the middle of the stage, watching the
audience.  Even though she couldn't see her mistresses in the crowd she knew
they were watching.  She knew that if she let them down, she was in for a world
of hurt.  Determined to see this through, she slowly began to untie her blouse
as she danced closer to the edge of the stage.  The crowd began to chant "off,
off, off".  She untied the front while showing just a little shoulder before
ripping it off and letting it fall to the ground as she covered her breasts with
both hands.

********************************************************************************

David could not believe his luck as he looked out at the stripper as she worked
the crowd.  He had always had a thing for 'older' women, but she was a dream
come true.  Her hair was swept up into two pigtails revealing her slender neck,
which he would be nibbling on shortly.  Her eyes were a smoldering hazel and
fiery and shown against platinum blonde pigtails.  For an older woman, she kept
herself in fantastic shape.

She had fresh, soft features that made her face look much younger than her
years, almost girlish; yet her figure was alluring and womanly with high firm
breasts that strained against the encasement of her tight blouse.  Her stomach
was flat and tight, and her skin glowed with an almost perpetual tan.  Yes, he
was going to enjoy tonight, very much!

********************************************************************************

Debbie was forcing herself to get into her role and found she was starting to
enjoy the lewd comments from the men.  She slowly took her hands down revealing
her 36D tits to the crowd.  Leaning forward she shimmied her shoulders and the
crowd went wild with the sight of her shaking breasts.  Debbie heard the
applause and felt her nipples tingle and wondered why.

"I tried desperately to understand my contradictory feelings as I straddled the
pole at center stage.  Then, as I looked out to the audience, their faces aglow
with twinkling eyes and smiling lips, I knew.  My eagerness was to show my
mistresses that I wouldn't let them down again.  I just couldn't possibly take
another 'training session' with Mistress Amber without completely going insane."

"I felt a flame ignited in my pussy, slowly spreading outward and upward until
my breasts too felt as if they were aflame.  As it grew hotter and larger, I
moaned in wanton lustful passion as I watched my audience shifting in their
seats as they tried to get a better look at me while I danced for them."

Trying to tease her audience, she slid her hands across her stomach to her
breasts, taking one in each hand and rolled and pinched the nipples whilst
sashaying across the front of the stage. Her nipples were still hard and
engorged a stunning sight.  As she showed the men her tits, the applause was
deafening and Debbie's confidence soared as she let her magnificent breasts hang
down just out of reach of the men in the front row.

Debbie's fingers slipped beneath the hem of her short pleated skirt, slowly
pushing the tight clinging material of the skirt higher on her hips.  As her
fingers continued pushing the material teasingly higher until it was about her
waist, finally revealing her stark white cotton panties to the hungry eyes of
all who watched the once shy housewife degrade herself.

As she moved her hips in a circular motion, she pushed her skimpy skirt off
allowing it to float to the floor.  Debbie further teased the men by parading
and strutting around the stage in nothing but her white cotton panties while her
pigtails twirled around wildly.  She finally stopped at the center edge of the
stage and turned around, her lovely backside towards the audience.  She was
determined to avoid the sting of her mistress' whip.

Slowly she hooked her thumbs into the waistband of her cotton panties and
keeping her back towards the audience, she parted her legs a little and started
to slide her panties, very slowly down her curvaceous legs, bending forward as
she did so until finally she stepped out of them.  Her ass was perfect, a peach
that looked good enough to bite and many of the men in the audience had to be
put back into their seats by the bouncers who were certainly distracted
themselves.

Turning around she spread her legs, slid one finger into her mouth and then
sucked it like a lollipop.  She then slid her wet finger down her body and as
the crowd held their breath, she slipped one finger down to play with her clit. 
She arched her back, throwing her head back and continued to grind her hips in
time with the pounding music.

********************************************************************************
 
Brett was awestruck; he couldn't believe how much he'd give to be able to fuck
his wife, to hear her plead for his cock, to tease her until she could take it
no more. What perfect breasts she had, and legs that seemed to go on forever,
how much he wanted to have those legs wrapped around his waist, to pull on her
little pigtails as he fucked her from behind.  However, his lustful thoughts
quickly turned to self-doubt and anger.

"I'd had trouble comprehending Debbie's actions with Malcolm the other night.  I
tried to convince myself that what she was doing she was doing for me. But what
I am witnessing now as she willingly, no eagerly, exposes her body like a cheap
whore defies understanding.  She is definitely not doing THIS for me."

"Stupid! That's exactly what I am.  I wonder how long has she been fooling
around on me?  She acts so prim and proper around me and then goes out and
whores herself out to whoever shoves the most money in her g-string.  Fuck me,
I'm an absolute idiot."

********************************************************************************

Slowly a man emerged from the back of the stage, walking barefoot and bare
chested up behind the beautiful housewife who was dancing and showing off her
curvy body.  When he finally got up behind her he took her by the waist and
pulled her up tight against him, his already hard cock pushing through his pants
against her bare ass.  Debbie immediately felt panic in the pit of her stomach. 
He whispered in her ear,  "You're all mine now baby.  Amber wants you to fuck me
real good.  She said that the beating you took today would feel like a love tap
compared to what it will feel like if you embarrass her tonight."

Debbie took in a sharp breath as she felt this strange man's arms wrap around
her bare midriff.  Fear momentarily paralyzed her.  She wasn't sure if it was
fear of being with this strange man, or fear of what would happen if she
disappointed her mistresses.  All she knew was that she was absolutely terrified
at this moment.

"Stephanie and Amber are watching you right now along with all these horny men. 
Look out there.  Can you see how badly they want you?  But they can't have you,
your mine, my bitch, and my slut.  Are you going to show all these men what a
hungry slut you really are?"  The strange man menacingly whispered into Debbie's
ear as he ran his hands up the side of her waist until they came to rest just
below the crest of her heaving flesh melons.

Resigned to her fate, Debbie softly replied, "Take me now."  Her answer
perplexed the male dancer as he expected a little more fight but he wasn't one
to tempt fate.  Debbie continued her dance in front of him, until his firm cock
pressed against her ass. He couldn't help marveling at the naked body gyrating
in front of him.  "God she is beautiful, and so damn hot.  If she's half the
slut that the girls say she is, she is going to be a world class piece of ass."

********************************************************************************

Amber leaned into her mystified uncle's ear while she continued to lightly
stroke his raging hard-on through his jeans.  She noted to herself that the
Viagra had definitely down its job because her uncle felt like he had a steel
pole dangling between his legs.  With a shit-eating grin on her innocent face
she cruelly whispered into his ear, "Look's like your wife is quite the slut
Uncle Brett.  She looks like she wants to fuck every man in here, many times
over.  Well, who knows, maybe she has already for all you know."  She continued
to torment Brett with descriptions of how badly her aunt wanted to fuck a 'real'
man and about how wet her little cunt became as they fucked her married pussy.

Brett tried to blot out Amber's words as he looked toward where Debbie stood
still swaying her hips back and forth as the young male dancer held her from
behind.  His mind wanted to scream, but only garbled noises slipped from his
parched throat.  "Part of me feared what I knew was going to happen next, and
another part was strangely aroused by it."

********************************************************************************

Still holding Debbie around the waist with one arm David slid his other hand
down her front until his middle fingers lay over her shaved pussy mound. 
Prepared to accept the challenge that lay before her by her demonic nieces,
Debbie leisurely parted her legs and again spurred on by the crowd gyrated her
hips back against her new unseen lover.  He slid his hand further down, playing
with her clit a little, hearing her moan, knowing only he could hear her and
those moans were because of him.

The handsome male dancer played with her clit pressing harder and harder, the
music turned down a little so the crowd of horny men could hear her moans and
her gasps.  Moving his arm from her waist he ran his hand down the back of her
left leg to the back of her knee and lifted it gently, giving the audience a
better view of her pussy as his fingers playing with her sopping wet hole. 
Holding her firm, he brought her to the edge of reason, hearing her scream out
when he stopped her just short of the release she so desperately craved.

As she whipped her head around begging for him to continue, she nearly swooned
when she took in the sight of him.  Everything about the huge young man was
appealing to her, his warm smile first, then the incredible eyes that seemed to
pierce right into her heart.  Built like a granite statue, his massive
shoulders, arms, and chest tapered down to a flat, hard stomach ripped with
solid muscle.  His powerful legs looked like tree trunks supporting his solid
frame and Debbie couldn't help but wonder about what was hidden in his pants.

********************************************************************************

David was using all of his willpower to keep from moving to quickly with Debbie. 
The tasty little housewife was obviously nervous about being with him, but he
could also tell that her fuse had been lit and she only needed some artful
persuasion to give herself over to his powerful male allure and to her own need. 
He knew she was fascinated with his erect cock towering right next to her;
although she pretended to not notice it, he could see her looking at the tent in
his pants from the corner of her eye.

********************************************************************************

Amber removed her hand from her uncle's lap as she watched him staring at the
stage in complete awe.  Brett sat in awe unable to control the thoughts filling
his mind.  "I watched as my wife began to moan and trash slightly while the
young dancer massaged her pussy.  I could see him spread her lips apart and
apply her seeping liquid all over the outside of her inviting sex and then
watched as he slid his fingers in and out of her pushing his fingers deeper and
deeper into her.  My normally shy wife actually groaned and pumped back against
him."

********************************************************************************

Debbie's heart was pounding inside her chest and she was having trouble catching
her breath.  She watched as the handsome young man lifted her delicate foot and
then starting at her ankle he began to kiss and lick his way up her leg until he
reached her tender inner thigh, just inches away from her soft, wet opening. 
Debbie could feel her own warm juices flowing down her thighs as he worked ever
closer and closer to her hidden treasure.

No longer able to contain himself, David pressed her tender thighs apart and
lowered his greedy mouth to her steamy opening.    Debbie's eyes flew open when
she felt him taste her there.  Tossing her pigtails from side to side, she
panted and groaned as her lover lapped and swirled his tongue into the tight
slit of her pussy while her hips pumped rhythmically against his hungry mouth. 
Electric shocks jolted through Debbie's small body as the young man continued to
plunge his tongue in and out of her drenched pussy.  He had been so smooth in
his conquest.  Before she even realized what was happening, he had first traced
the lips of her opening between her legs, then his tongue slipped inside to
sample her sweet nectar.  Fireworks went off in her head when his tongue went
straight for her erect little clitoris, which he teased and stroked until she
cried out in pleasure.

It was almost more than Debbie could stand.  Her nerve endings were already raw
and overheated.  She could feel her nipples swelling and pulsating begging to be
sucked.  She kept squeezing her thighs together in an effort to quench the
burning sensations between her legs.

"Oh, Gawd...Unnnngggghhhh!!!!" Debbie cried out helplessly.  Her small body
bucked and jerked out of control while the mysterious man held her tight against
his mouth with his strong hands.  Her legs flew out wide, kicking and flailing
until they at last hooked around his broad shoulders.  Immediately she felt the
first shuddering waves of climax building; she knew she was lost and gave up to
it.

Sensing Debbie's impending orgasm, David quickly pulled his mouth away turning
the quivering housewife in his arms.  David whispered to her, "Time for you to
taste me before your cunt becomes mine."  Debbie was frustrated beyond belief. 
She had been so incredibly close to FINALLY achieving the release that she so
desperately craved.  However, she understood his instruction and seductively
slid down his body, exposing her ass beautifully to her audience as she did
until her mouth was in front of his extremely thick and hard cock.

"I had no idea that a man could be this long and thick..." Debbie's voice
sounded almost like a little girl's to David.  Actually, she looked like a
little girl next to his giant frame.

"It's OK," he told her softly.  "Go ahead, touch it.  I know you want to.  I
want to feel you touch me too."

She did want to touch him, desperately.  She had to know what the smooth skin
felt like in her hand.  She was drawn to it like a magnet, so hard and thick
with rigid veins everywhere and the deep purple helmet looking fierce and
menacing.  Yes, she had to touch it she decided.  She cautiously reached out and
lightly ran her fingertips over the velvety smoothness of it, feeling the ridges
and the swollen tissue; it was so warm, almost hot to the touch, and it jumped
and twitched slightly in her small hand.

"Damn," he moaned.  "You're touch feels like heaven."  She smiled shyly and grew
bolder with his encouragement.  Grasping him more firmly, she tried to encircle
his entire girth, but her tiny fingers could not completely close around him. 
As she started to rub and milk him slowly, he decided it was time to get in the
game too.

David had an incredible view of that creamy cleavage he had been admiring since
he saw her standing on stage in her schoolgirl outfit.  Although she was a
petite woman, he could tell she had amazing breasts.  He wasted no time in
brushing his large hand up her side, lightly feeling the ridges of her rib cage,
until he found the plump firmness of her tit flesh straining against his firm
grip.  Her sensitive nipples were erect and poking out for attention and he
could easily feel the hard little points scraping against the smooth skin of his
palms as he cupped and kneaded her.

Debbie closed her eyes and let a little moan escape her throat.  Sharp, hot
electric sensations shot through her chest and down into her loins as he teased
her breasts.  While she continued to stroke and pull at his throbbing meat with
one hand, the other reached for and found his huge testicles bouncing gently
below.  She lightly massaged and squeezed him there, feeling the heat of his
molten seed, churning deep inside.

Debbie couldn't help herself any longer, taking him into her mouth slowly,
sliding her tongue around his tip, tasting the precum that had escaped, she
sighed long and low, her pussy was gorgeously wet and she couldn't wait to feel
this thick cock buried to the hilt.

The buzz that went through her was unbelievable, there were perhaps 200 men in
that club, all watching her, all wanting her and all hard, just for her.  She
struggled to understand her feelings.  Why did this make her feel proud? 
Shouldn't she be ashamed?

********************************************************************************

Brett was having a hard time too, literally.  His cock was trying to break free
from the confines of his underwear and jeans.  With all of the suspicions he had
about this evening, he certainly hadn't expected anything like this.  He sensed
his niece fidgeting next to him as he watched the beautiful young schoolgirl on
stage slowly unzipping the male dancer's fly.  Both Brett and Amber shuddered
when Debbie reached into the opening and withdrew the young man's naked,
throbbing cock.  It was a huge fleshly column in her tiny first.  The purple
helmet-shaped head seemed to be swollen and glistening in the intense lights.

Without thinking, Amber reached her hand over to grasp her plaything's thick,
muscular thigh.  Brett reacted by placing his hand over hers and urging it to
move upward until she again felt his pulsing tool in his tented pants.  Amber
wrapped her fingers around the steel-hard shaft through the cloth and began to
rub him urgently.  Brett returned the favor by placing his arm around his
niece's shoulder and reaching down to cup one of her quivering breasts through
her top.  He had no trouble finding the hard point of her sensitive nipple
poking out from the stretched fabric.  He scraped his fingernail over the turgid
nub causing Amber to gasp and arch her back.

"This is pretty damn hot, isn't it?"  Amber whispered as she shifted next to
Brett as they both stared at the stage.  "Have you ever seen your wife acting
like such a total ho?"

Brett cleared his throat and whispered back without looking at her, "N...no,
never...I never imagined...in my wildest dreams."

From his position all the way up in the balcony, Brett could hear the
unmistakable sounds of pleasure issuing from his wife's cock-stuffed mouth as
her lips slipped over the last inch or so as she pushed her face against his
groin.  Her lips, which before had been slack, as he tormented her with his slow
methodical teasing, now clasped tightly around his cock, gobbling it hungrily as
he slowly fucked her face.  Brett didn't have to be told, but Amber just
couldn't help herself as she laughingly commented on how the handsome young
dancer was fucking Aunt Debbie's throat.

Brett felt so ashamed and humiliated as he watched his wife betray every trust
and promise that bound them together in matrimony.  "Her cheeks hollowed as she
hungrily sucked on his dick, like a baby suckling her mommies nipple.  I was
both disgusted and mesmerized that this man had awakened such unabashed want and
depravity in her.  And despite the fact that I was witnessing the willing
surrender and self-debasement of my wife to this young man's sexual dominance,
or maybe because of it, I felt a fire in my loins like I've never felt before. 
My cock felt as if it were a lead pipe and the ache in my nuts hurt for want of
relief."

********************************************************************************

Whilst Debbie worked on his cock he closed his eyes, dropped his head back, put
both hands through her hair and pulled her onto his cock again and again by
tugging on her pigtails.  She was damn hot and damn good at giving head and he
remembered thinking that she would be a delicious fuck.  When he thought he
couldn't take it any longer he pulled her back up his body, picked her up gently
in his arms.  She instinctively wrapped her legs around him and he slowly slid
his cock into her dripping pussy.

Strong hands held her ass cheeks, pulling her onto him again and again.  Arching
her back she wrapped her arms around his neck and pulled his mouth to one of her
pert nipples, encouraging him to suck and bite them gently.  The crowd was
cheering wildly, shouts of "fuck the bitch" and "give it to her" were frequently
heard, but Debbie cared only what her mistresses thought of her performance, not
the rest of the audience.  She had to please them; she just absolutely had to.

********************************************************************************

As they sat together watching Debbie and her mystery lover pleasure each other,
Brett felt soft breathing into his ear as Amber whispered, "Oh, this makes me
feel so naughty...would you mind if I played...just a little?"

Brett jerked suddenly as he felt her hand grasp his and place it on her warm,
soft thigh.  She purred softly and spread her legs slightly, pushing his hand
higher until it slid under her dress.  Instinctively, Brett massaged her smooth
tender flesh with his fingers.  As he moved his hand higher, he could feel the
warmth building and she parted her thighs wider to give him better access.  Soon
his middle fingertip brushed against the puffy flesh of her vaginal lips.  She
was not wearing panties.  Amber moaned quietly next to him, encouraging him to
continue probing.

Somewhere in his foggy brain Brett had a fleeting thought that what he was doing
was wrong.  But before he could process the idea any further, the tempting
blonde unzipped his fly and reached inside to grasp his throbbing manhood.  The
touch of her cool skin on his burning shaft caused him to groan and thrust his
hips forward.  All thoughts of turning back or leaving quickly vanished.

As Stephanie approached their table in the balcony she noticed that neither
Brett nor Amber could take their eyes off the heat radiating from the center
stage.  All eyes in the place were glued to the action unfolding between the
young schoolgirl and her handsome lover.

Being careful not to break the spell that held her uncle's attention, Stephanie
snuggled up to him on the opposite side of her sister.  It wasn't until she sat
down that she realized her sister had her uncle's straining cock out and was
gently stroking it.  She reached her hand out to join her sister's and was
amazed that Brett's attention remained firmly focused on the stage.  After all,
here he was with two drop dead gorgeous teenagers with their hands wrapped
around his cock and amazingly, he was able to control himself.

Brett did feel Stephanie's hand join her sisters in his lap, and he was in
heaven until he remembered Debbie.  Whipping around to look to his left, his
eyes opened wide and his mouth fell open when he saw what was happening.  There
was his conservative wife with her legs spread wide.  Hovering over her was a
strange young man who had his hand buried in her pussy, obviously fingering her
furiously.  Debbie stared straight ahead with unblinking eyes as her pretty
mouth gasped for breath.  Even from the balcony, her husband could hear her pant
and whimper helplessly.

Brett was crestfallen as he watched the dancer slowly penetrate his wife.  "For
what seemed like an eternity I watched in what I can only term fascination as
the young stud toyed with my wife.  With seemingly super human will power each
time his hips jerked slightly he methodically pushed another half an inch
sometimes slightly more into her pussy, holding himself still for long minutes
and then withdrawing partially before repeating his action.  It was driving me
crazy but I couldn't even begin to guess what it was doing to my wife."

********************************************************************************

Debbie's lover backed her across the stage until she felt the cold of the pole
against her back; she was facing the audience now, her lover still pushing his
thick cock into her cunt.  His fingers were close to her crack and with one hand
he pushed his finger around her asshole, playing with her, fucking her cunt with
his thick cock whilst finger fucking her delectable behind.  Groans of unabashed
pleasure escaped her and her lover to the enjoyment of the crowd as every muscle
in her mystery lovers body strained and the cords in his neck stood out sharply
as he jack hammered her against the pole.

The look on Debbie's face was pure ecstasy as all of the pent up frustration
from being continually denied release all day started to break free in a wave of
uncontrollable lust.  She stretched her hands above her head, pulling herself up
against the pole till her breasts were stretched and her nipples were streaming
for attention.

It was better than she could have imagined.  Every muscle and tissue in her
small body strained to accept and meet his powerful, but controlled movements. 
She could feel his heavy balls softly smacking against her backside each time he
pushed into her, and soon they were rocking together.  She discovered that, if
she leaned back and arched her pelvis at just the right angle, his swollen shaft
would rake against her hypersensitive clit occasionally, causing sharp tremors
of pure pleasure to shoot through her body.

Debbie fixed her gaze on one man in the front row, a good looking man who was
obviously having a good time, a beer in one hand and a foul mouth that shouted
encouragement to the strange lover who was fucking her against the pole.  She
couldn't help notice the unabashed lust in his eyes.  Yes, it was unmistakable,
he wanted to fuck her and who knows what other dirty and kinky things he would
do to her if given a chance.  Scanning the rest of the front row, she quickly
discovered that the rest of her audience shared the same nasty sentiment.

********************************************************************************

"Look, look at your loving wife Uncle Brett.  Don't you think she's an obedient
whore for these all these men?  Do you see how your wife grinds her pussy
against his cock while he thrust deep inside her, whimpering with need as he
kisses her and plays with her dirty pussy, a pussy that yearns for men's cock's? 
Ahhh, yes uncle, your wife's pussy has made many men happy lately.  Has she made
your cock happy?"  Stephanie further taunted her besieged uncle.

"You couldn't possibly satisfy the yearning of a slut like that?"  Amber added
as she continued to drive her uncle crazy with her hurtful scoffs.  "See how she
drives her body into his?  Hear how she's nearly groveling, wanting more and
more of his cock?  Don't blame her Uncle Brett, she's just a whore at heart. 
She tried to be true to you, but her true slut nature couldn't be denied.  We
never would have known about her either, except we stumbled across a love letter
written to her by one of her lovers who she met while dancing at this nasty
strip club."

Stephanie interjected with complete shock, "We just couldn't believe that sweet
innocent Aunt Debbie would hurt and betray you so badly, so we followed her and
found out that she is nothing more than a common cock crazed whore."

Faking compassion Amber insincerely added, "We're so sorry you had to find out
this way, but we felt like you had to know that she was deceiving you this way."

Brett couldn't believe what he was hearing, but there was no denying what his
eyes were witnessing before him.  His head sank as he watched this stranger
pumping in and out of her at a furious pace.  His muscular ass was flexing on
every thrust into his wife whose arms and legs were now wrapped around him
fucking him back as intensely as he was fucking her.

They were groaning and grunting in unison as he fucked her hard fast and deep. 
Brett could hear his wife making squealing sounds unlike anything she'd ever
done while they made love.  His wife's lover's actions suddenly became extremely
frantic and his grunting louder and more intense.  His ass pushed deeply into
Brett's wife and he heard her scream as loudly as he'd ever heard her before, as
her entire body shook while her lover pumped deeply within her.  She continued
to scream loudly on every thrust, as her lover kept pumping more and more of his
meat deep within her.  Brett could see her pumping back against him as their
groins slapped against each other.

Brett watched as his wife's mouth opened and she moaned loudly as the young
male's thrusts became more and more urgent.  He could see he was approaching
orgasm and his wife's face twisted and her eyes got wider as her own orgasm
approached.  Brett's stomach began to twist in knots as he watched his wife
betray him in the cruelest of manners as her glassy eyes rolled back into her
head as she raised her leg up so she could get more of her lover's long cock
into her.  "I felt so ashamed as her pelvis thrust back against him desperately
wanting more."

********************************************************************************

Debbie knew that she would soon be unable to stop the wave of orgasm that was
building and she screamed to her lover to "come on, fuck me harder, please gawd
fuck me..." The crowd grew quieter, wanting to hear her shout and beg.

"Ooooooooooooooh fuck yeh, come on, fuck me deep, I wanna cum, I need to cum, 
gawd dammit, I totally have to cum, fuck me silly with your totally awesome
cock.........."  The tension mounted and as the first wave of orgasm ripped
through her, and she felt her lover shoot the first burst of cum into her wet
slick and extremely hot pussy.  Debbie screamed and rolled her head from side to
side as she came to a shuddering climax that had been building all day.  It was
more intense that any she'd ever experienced in her entire life.

********************************************************************************

Through pain-filled eyes, Brett watched, stupefied, as the young stud pushed
himself almost upright, arching his back as he shoved his groin forcefully into
hers, holding himself to her as his ass clinched and shudders shook his
shoulders. A deep sigh of satisfaction hissed from his throat, leaving little
doubt that he had just flooded her pussy.  Brett felt like screaming, but
couldn't seem to find his tongue.

Stephanie leaned into her uncle obstructing his view.  She smiled at him
wickedly, fully aware that her sweet torture was driving him mad with lust.  Her
large breasts swayed and brushed against his chest with each movement of her
hand over his straining cock.  "You want us, don't you?" she teased.

********************************************************************************

Debbie was still so horny. She could feel the fluid pooling in her cunt and was
thankful her routine was over.  She started to gather her clothes and exit the
stage when David threw a tiny sparkly silver g-string her way before reminding
her, "Here, wear this and don't forget to collect your tips."

Remembering why she was here in the first place, Debbie pulled the tiny g-string
up her rubbery legs and wiggled it into place.  Taking a deep breath before
heading back to the stage, Debbie tried to muster the courage to once again
degrade herself for money.  Forcing herself to start, she paraded in front of
each man sitting at the front of the main stage.  Debbie saw them sliding 5 and
10-dollar bills into her g-string.  One man held up a 100-dollar bill and wanted
to stick it down the front of her g-string.  Debbie hesitated and the man
thought she was teasing and produced another 100-dollar bill.  Debbie allowed
the man to slide his hand down the front of her g-string with the two one
hundred-dollar bills.  She jumped back when she felt him stick his finger
between her cunt lips, but still had the bills tucked away safely in her
g-string.  The music finally ended and Debbie gathered up her clothes and exited
the stage as another woman took her place.  As Debbie got to the end of the
stairs she burst into tears.  Johnny took the money from her which all totaled
was about five hundred dollars.  He then reminded Debbie it was time for the lap
dances and took her clothes from her and told her to get busy working the crowd.

Debbie worked the crowd well doing several lap dances.  The men pawed her tits
and always patted her ass.  Debbie hated them touching her, but that was where
the money was to be made.  Some of the men wanted more than a lap dance and the
suggestions made Debbie blush.  She did not intend on prostituting herself in
addition to stripping.  One customer was able to get his hand down the front of
her g-string and before Debbie could twist free he stuck two fingers inside her
cunt.  Debbie's breasts ached from being pawed and grabbed.  One customer
offered her an extra hundred to suck her tits.  Debbie refused and was thankful
it was her turn to dance on the side stage.  She handed the money she made to
Johnny.

      
"I thought you wanted to make some real money, bitch?" Johnny said before Debbie
got dressed to strip again.
      
"I don't want to, I have to." Debbie snapped back.
      
"You'll have to do more than lap dances and strip or you'll be working here a
long time." Johnny said with laughter.
      
Debbie climbed on the tiny side stage to strip again.  She had not thought about
the fact that the more money she made the quicker the nightmare would be over. 
She looked past the crowd while wondering what to do.  Mindlessly Debbie
stripped, as she knew what she would have to do.
      
As she walked into the crowd again, Debbie went right to the customer who wanted
to suck her tits and pushed them into his face.  He offered the same hundred and
Debbie responded with a counter offer of a hundred for each tit.  The customer
laughed and agreed.  He pulled Debbie onto his lap and started to suck her right
tit, pulling the nipple into his mouth and biting it.  Debbie tried to imagine
it was Brett and closed her eyes.  The customer alternated between her left and
right tit, sucking and biting the nipples, pulling them from Debbie's chest and
releasing them.  Debbie allowed him to play with her breasts for one song, then
extracted herself and worked the crowd again. 

********************************************************************************

As the show ended, Brett watched hidden in the shadows of the balcony as Debbie
worked the crowd. She allowed these disgusting men to suck her tits for money
and even let one man finger her cunt while others yelled their approval.  Brett
figured Debbie was also fucking for money and that explained the frequent
shopping trips.

Tilting his head back he closed his eyes and allowed himself to enjoy the
sensuous message that his nieces were continuing to apply to his exposed penis. 
Both girls sensed that it was time to pump it up a notch and leaned into their
uncle's neck.  Brett nearly came unglued when he felt two tongues gently sliding
up and down the sides of his neck in unison.  At the moment, his wife was the
further thing from his mind.

********************************************************************************

About one quarter of the crowd where black and one large black man motioned for
Debbie to come to him.  Debbie swayed over pushing her tits out to try to make
the sale.  Debbie asked if he wanted a lap dance and the black man laughed and
grabbed Debbie by her pigtails and pushed her face into his crotch.

"Lap dance, hell, bitch, I want a blowjob," the black man said.

Debbie tried to get free but the man was too strong for her.  He held her head
tightly while he unzipped his pants.  He freed the largest cock Debbie had ever
seen and it was uncircumcised.  Debbie continued to struggle and one of the
bouncers came over to check on the commotion.

"What's going on?" the bouncer asked.

The black man released Debbie and informed the bouncer who he was and that he
was just doing a little business.  Debbie never got the opportunity to speak. 
The bouncer looked very intimidated when he realized who the man was and left
without another word.

"I'll give you three hundred for the blowjob," the black man said to Debbie.

Debbie started to walk away.

"You'll do it for three hundred or you'll do it for free," he threatened.

Debbie saw three other black men get up and walk toward her.  She looked for
help, but there was none in sight.  She knew she was going to end up sucking
this man against her will and immediately turned back and turned on the charm.

"Five hundred," Debbie spat.

The deal was made and Debbie collected the money.  She got down on her knees
between the large, black man's legs and wrapped her hand around the thick cock. 
Debbie sucked in air and then pulled the foreskin back and lapped at the tip of
the cock.  She felt a hand on the back of her head forcing her down and Debbie
opened her mouth.  His cock was so large it barely fit even with Debbie
stretching her mouth all the way open.  He pushed harder and Debbie felt him hit
the back of her throat.  She suppressed a gag and tried to concentrate on making
him cum.  Debbie allowed the man to use her hair for leverage while he bobbed
her head up and down on his cock.

********************************************************************************

Momentarily coming to his senses, Brett searched the crowd for Debbie.  His
heart almost stopped when he saw his petite wife on her knees with the huge
black cock in her mouth and two meaty black hands squeezing her tits.  All the
while he was watching, his two nieces fed his insecurities whispering in his ear
"look at that slut go," "can you believe that she let that guy finger her
pussy," "look at that smile she flashed that black guy."

"I've seen enough, you win, let's go I can't take anymore of this," Brett
announced to Stephanie as he tucked his erection back into his pants.

Stephanie and Amber smiled in victory as they grabbed Brett by the hand and
started to lead him to the back of the club.  Brett looked over his shoulder to
get one last glimpse of his wife and the last thing he saw was Debbie still on
her knees wiping cum off her cheeks.

As he was led into a darkened corridor in the back of the club, Brett could
hardly believe what he had just seen.  His loving wife, who he thought he knew
so well, had literally turned into a whore overnight.  A deep swell of shame
came washing over him as he wondered if he was at fault.  He knew that the girls
had tricked him - no actually they forced him into goading his wife into
degrading herself during the photography session.  At least that's the only
consolation he could muster.  He couldn't allow himself to think that watching
Debbie with another man turned him on.  Turned on by watching Debbie fuck
another man. But he had never dreamed from that she would turn into what he had
just seen on stage. How could his wife dance in this club?  How could she let
other men, complete strangers ogle her for money.  It was also more than that. 
He saw how she coyly played into their hands for a few dollars; letting them get
a little "feel" while she collected her payment for her service rendered.

"Don't worry about a thing Uncle Brett, we're going to make you feel oh so much
better.  Just do as we say and enthusiastically agree with whatever we ask of
you and you will forget all about the little 'ho' that you married."  Stephanie
coyly offered as she and her sister closed the door to the VIP room.

"Now remember our deal Uncle Brett, you said that if we could prove that Aunt
Debbie was cheating on you that you would be our slave doing whoever, or
whatever we want." Amber cooed in her best little girl voice while she played
with her uncle's nipples through his shirt.  "And the first thing we want you to
do is to fuck us both right here and right now!"

********************************************************************************

To be continued... If you have any story line ideas for future chapters, or
would like to comment on the story please e-mail me at wifefantasy@hotmail.com.



Housewife's Awakening  
(MF, F+/F, wife, reluctant, humiliation, spanking, toys, exhibition, interracial)  
Author's Note: I am struggling with the direction in which to take this story.
  If you have any ideas for how this story should continue, please let me know.
  Also, if you're an author and you would like to take things over for a while,
  please let me know and I would be glad to turn over the keys. You can reach
  me at: wifefantasy@hotmail.com.  
Chapter Fourteen &ndash; "Three's Company"  
By WF 
"You got the camera's all turned on Johnny?" Carlos inquired of his burly
  counterpart as he watched the threesome make their way into the club's most
  exclusive VIP room.  
The VIP room was surrounded by three mirrored walls and a fully stocked bar
  along the fourth. Large leather couches sat against two of the walls and an
  imposing pool table sat square in the middle. Carlos sniggered to himself as
  he thought of all the strippers he had banged on that table over the years.
  He didn't give his old man much credit, but he had to tip his hat to the old
  fart for thinking of putting two way mirrors along the walls.  
Johnny checked the last camera before signaling to Carlos, "We're good to
  go boss. Let's make us a movie."  
****************************************************************************************************  
The threesome stumbled into the VIP room; Stephanie and Amber couldn't stop
  giggling. They were drunk with the knowledge that they were about to win their
  little bet with their uppity aunt. Amber nonchalantly informed Brett, "As long
  as you do as we tell you and be a good pet, we will give you a reward. We'll
  make all of your wildest fantasies come true!"  
Brett could scarcely believe his ears as Stephanie continued, "All you have
  to do, to live out every middle age man's ultimate fantasy of being with two
  sexy teenage girls is to follow our lead and agree with everything we say and
  do." Stephanie smiled at her bemused uncle while moving her hands slowly up
  her flat stomach until they cupped her large breasts. Brett's eyes bulged as
  he ogled his sexy young niece as she squeezed her ample chest through her skin-tight
  top.  
Stephanie could see Brett's gaze fixed on her breasts. "I've got Mr. Wimp
  again," thought the scheming young woman as she continued with her devious
  plan.  
Turning to her sister, she giggled, "Oh silly me, we're making a pretty big
  assumption now aren't we Amber. Uncle Brett, do you want to fuck us?" Stephanie
  inquired as sincerely as possible. "With all the dick you've been getting lately,
  I wasn't sure if you still wanted pussy."  
Brett could hardly contain himself. His cock had been as hard as a rock for
  hours now. He had been extremely aroused ever since watching Debbie's act.
  His mind was already a whirlpool of sexual anticipation. Even though a small
  voice buried in the deepest recesses of his mind told him this was wrong, he
  couldn't help himself any longer. "Yes, I want to fuck both of you more than
  you'll ever know."  
"Are you sure you want to fuck your two teenage nieces? After all, what about
  Aunt Debbie?" Stephanie said as she cunningly loaded the trap for the befuddled
  man.  
Brett paused for a second, eyes bulging as they remained hypnotically fixed
  on Stephanie's hands as they continued to caress her shapely body. Lust overcame
  what scruples remained. "Screw Debbie. She is obviously doing her own thing,
  so why shouldn't I. She has betrayed me and I owe nothing to her anymore."  
"Please, please let me make love to both of you?"  
Amber laughed before joining in the taunting teasing. She brushed up against
  her uncle making sure to rub her perky tits along his chest adding more fuel
  to the already raging fire. "But how can we compare to beautiful Aunt Debbie?
  She is a mature woman who obviously knows her way around the bedroom. I don't
  think we can compete with her."  
"You're going to have to continually tell us that we're better than Aunt
  Debbie, or else our feelings might get hurt. And you know what happens if our
  feelings get hurt, right slave boy?" Stephanie threatened as she and Amber
  moved in for the kill.  
"Tell us how badly you want to fuck us. Say it loud enough for the whole
  world to hear." Amber taunted her now more than willing victim.  
Desperate to win the girls over he was about to blurt out the words that
  he thought would lead him into their embrace but before doing so he paused
  knowing that if he crossed this line, he may never be able to come back. But
  his pulse was racing as both the vixens taunted and flirted with him. "God,
  please, please let me fuck you. You are both the hottest pieces of ass that
  I have ever laid eyes on. I would give anything to fuck you. My wife means
  nothing to me, she can't compare with your young hard bodies. God, please,
  I've got to have you!"  
"What should we do?" Amber contemplated while she feigned indifference.  
"No, No, I can't, I won't, please don't, I'm not even of legal age," Amber
  suddenly burst out at the top of her lungs causing her shocked uncle to step
  back in freight.  
A smile of triumph flickered across her face as Amber leaned forward into
  his ear and sexily whispered, "Rip it. Rip my shirt right off. Come on now,
  show me that you're actually a real man.&quot; While confused, Brett had been
  teased and prodded for so long that when he was given the order to rip his
  little blonde niece's shirt off her luscious body he felt like a trigger had
  been pulled shooting him out of a gun barrel at 1,000 miles an hour. Violently,
  he reached into her collar and yanked down hard, tearing her skimpy top in
  half, leaving her perky tits sitting perfectly in a white half-cup bra. She
  laughed at his uncontrolled impetuosity and slipped her micro mini skirt off;
  revealing a white thong, the sliver of cloth emphasized her lissome body.  
Amber leaned forward, thrusting her round ass cheeks just so making them
  even more prominent. She was keenly aware of the effect her tight little bottom
  had on Brett; he was no different from other men, and women for that matter. "Do
  you think my ass is as good as Aunt Debbie's?"  
Brett just dumbly nodded his head as he hungrily took in Amber's exposed
  body. "Y-yes, your ass is so much firmer and Debbie's is not nearly that well
  shaped."  
Amber motioned for her pet to bend over. Not wanting to break the spell he
  quickly followed her unspoken request. She gave him a quick kiss. &quot;You
  are about to live every guys fantasy.&quot; Amber stated breathlessly, &quot;You
  will be getting two hot teenage pussies tonight.&quot;  
&quot;Damn,&quot; Brett thought, &quot;She is so fucking hot!&quot;  
His attention had been so fixed on Amber that he had forgotten about Stephanie
  until he heard the tap of high heels. Brett and Amber turned to look at the
  source of the sound and saw Stephanie sexily strutting towards them.  
&quot;Wowl" Brett couldn't help blurting out.  
Stephanie was wearing nothing but her blue push-up bra and panties. Her cleavage
  looked incredible as her big breasts bulged seductively between the cups of
  her bra. Her abundant breast flesh was being pushed out the top and sides.
  Her thong was even smaller than Amber's. It barely covered her crotch. Stephanie's
  shoulder length brunette hair swayed from side to side as she sauntered across
  the room swinging her hips provocatively. Her legs were tanned, curvy, and
  seemed to go on forever.  
Stephanie stood before the quivering man. "Uncle Brett, how do my tits compare
  to Aunt Debbie's." Stephanie cooed.  
Not able to tear his eyes away from Stephanie's ample cleavage, Brett enthusiastically
  responded, "Damn, you have the greatest set of tits I have ever seen. Debbie
  could never compare to you."  
Stephanie walked up to Amber and whispered into her ear. Brett wondered what
  the girls where talking about, but his attention kept being drawn back to the
  two scantily clad teenage bodies standing before his lustful gaze. The girls
  continued their conversation before finally turning around. Amber went to the
  bar to turn the CD player on and when a thumping beat filled the room the two
  girls began to dance in unison. Stephanie and Amber stared directly at Brett
  as they slowly unhooked their bras in unison.  
As the two sisters moved closer to each other, their bras went flying across
  the room. Brett's eyes feasted on the two sets of perfectly rounded breasts. &quot;Stud,&quot; Amber
  cooed, &quot;You're about to enter Sex Heaven. Now get those damn clothes off.&quot;  
The girls giggled as they watched their uncle tearing his clothes off. He
  nearly lost his balance as he finally managed to pull his pants off revealing
  a large bulge straining to break free of his underwear. Brett paused for a
  moment before catching his breath and pulling his underwear free so that his
  cock sprang forward and slapped into his stomach with an audible 'thud'.  
Brett stood still as he watched his nieces in awed silence. The two girls
  teased each other's nipples with pinches, licks and kisses. They placed their
  hands on each other's ass cheeks, gently caressing and molding the firm flesh.
  They pulled their lithe bodies together and rubbed their tits together, squashing
  them and brushing them hard against each other.  
Stephanie pealed away from her sister and came towards Brett, still dancing,
  with her back towards him. She took one of his hands and put it on her left
  ass cheek. Brett squeezed her left cheek and then her right cheek. She slowly
  turned around revealing her beautiful jiggling breasts. She then playfully
  moved away joining Amber on the other side of the room.  
&quot;I think he's ready,&quot; Amber whispered conspiratorially, nodding
  toward her uncle while noticing his raging erection and the pre cum that was
  already leaking off the tip.  
Stephanie started to come towards him again looking at his twitching hard-on. &quot;Oh
  my,&quot; she smiled at her awestruck uncle, &quot;That thing is going to split
  me in two.&quot; She said to Brett as she stood in front of him as he was frozen
  to the spot.  
Stephanie's arms encircled her uncle's neck as she drew his face down so
  that her mouth covered his as they locked in a French kiss. Stephanie opened
  her mouth wide and pressed her tongue against her uncle's. She sucked loudly
  and wetly on his tongue, pressing her sensuous lips harder and harder against
  his mouth. Brett felt her massive tit flesh pressed against his chest and his
  arousal grew even more acute.  
Brett groaned as Stephanie broke their kiss. But his disappointment was instantly
  forgotten as the voluptuous young woman rested against the pool table. The
  table's hard edge indented her curvaceous buttocks as she leant back and opened
  her long thighs. Brett was losing all control at this open invitation.  
&quot;Ohhhh, yesssss, do it! Fuck me!&quot; Stephanie cried as Brett fell
  onto her.  
Stephanie felt his pulsating cock head pressing against her opening as she
  spread her legs and wiggled her hips impatiently. She just couldn't wait for
  her uncle's cock to ram its way up her hot, wet cunt. Brett picked Stephanie
  up and sat her on the pool table in the center of the room. Smiling at him,
  she lay back on the table, resting on her elbows. Her beautiful flowing brown
  hair fell half way across her face. Her tits were heaving and her legs spread
  apart, displaying her crotch that was still covered by her tiny thong.  
Stephanie's nipples stood up hard and erect as Brett licked the areola and
  ran his hands all over Stephanie's lush body. He grabbed Stephanie's breast
  and licked it all over and sucked on the nipple. He tenderly bit it and twisted
  it with his tongue, again sucking hard on it. His hand drifted down her body
  until he reached her tight ass. He squeezed and kneaded it as he continued
  to suck on her nipple. A sharp searing pain shot up the back of his neck as
  Stephanie pulled his head towards her by grabbing hold of the hair on the back
  of his head. Stephanie kissed him violently like she was trying to suck the
  very life out of him and he kissed her fervently in return.  
Not being able to control himself any longer, Brett hooked his fingers in
  the straps on her hip and pulled her thong down revealing her hairless pussy
  that was already wet and shiny. He could smell her lust and feel the heat.
  She was smiling at him as she spread her legs even further apart. Even as she
  became more and more aroused Stephanie was fully aware that her sister as well
  as her uncle were staring at her exposed cunt. Every eye in the room watched
  intently as Stephanie started spreading her cunt lips apart with her fingers.  
&quot;Wow!&quot; Amber whispered in Brett's ear as she came up behind him, &quot;Is
  that a hot lookin' cunt or what? Isn't that the hottest cunt you've ever seen?&quot;  
Brett enthusiastically answered, "That is the hottest cunt I've ever seen.
  I would sell my soul to the devil to be able to bury myself in it."  
Stephanie and Amber exchanged a knowing glance as they both shared the same
  thought, "You just did you pathetic loser, you just did."   
Brett had to have a taste of that pussy so he lifted Stephanie's firm shapely
  legs, placing them on his broad shoulders. Urgently, he plunged his face into
  her wet hole, sticking his tongue deep into her pussy before withdrawing and
  slowly licking her slit in long broad strokes.  
Stephanie then moved her hands up to her tits and started to squeeze, and
  maul them, really trying to turn him on. &quot;Oh yeah baby, eat my little
  pussy. Make me cum baby. Fuck me so good with your wicked tongue,&quot; moaned
  Stephanie as her uncle ate her. "Does my pussy taste as good as Aunt Debbie's?" she
  groaned.  
Not wanting to stop, but also not wanting to anger Stephanie, Brett pulled
  his tongue out from her dripping snatch just long enough to exclaim, "Stephanie,
  your pussy tastes like absolute heaven. Debbie's old snatch could never compare."  
"Are you saying that Aunt Debbie can't compare to me?" Stephanie goaded her
  uncle trying to lead him down a path that denigrated and insulted his beautiful
  wife.  
Wild-eyed with lust, Brett responded, "Debbie can't compare to either of
  you gorgeous creatures." Truth was that Brett worshipped his wife and thought
  she was the sexiest creature on earth. However, right now, he was so horny
  and Debbie had hurt him so badly that he would say anything to be able to forget
  the pain and experience some much needed pleasure.  
"Good boy. That's what I needed to hear. Now get back to work on my cunt." Stephanie
  said as she lay back.  
Brett immediately darted his tongue back between her outstretched legs while
  he reached his hands up and cupped the underside of her heaving breasts. Stephanie
  in return pushed her chest out to meet his grasp. He moved his fingers over
  her breasts, working from the underside of her tits and up around the sides
  to rub the top of her chest and hard nipples. He flicked his fingers over her
  nipples again and again. Taking her tits fully in his hands, he pushed them
  together and rubbed them back and forth, squeezing and molding them to his
  touch.  
&quot;Hmmmm! Hmmmh! HMMMH! HMMMMHHHH!&quot; Stephanie squealed as his tongue
  flicked and sucked her throbbing clit, her head falling back in passion. &quot;Ooooooooh,
  ooohh, wow!&quot; She squealed again as Brett resumed his licking of her wet
  slit. The brunette temptress massaged her generously proportioned tits, squeezing
  them while tweaking her nipples at the same time.  
Stephanie looked down to find her hips undulating with the pace of his tongue. "Damn,
  Uncle Brett! You're eating me so good. I guess you've never tasting anything
  this fine before. Gawd, you're making me soooo hot. Oooh fuck yeah!"  
As he continued his ministrations, Brett felt Amber's perky tits press up
  against his back and her bare pussy mound rub up against his ass as Amber joined
  the couple. Amber reached around him, grabbing his hard as steel cock in her
  delicate hand. &quot;Fuck me uncle, I'm so fucking hot for it!&quot; She hissed
  while cupping his balls in her long fingers. &quot;It's such a turn on to see
  you eat my sister's cunt.&quot; She carried on lustfully while slowly jacking
  his cock back and forth delighting in the way she was making her uncle squirm.  
Stephanie looked down between her legs through half closed eyes watching
  as Brett continued to lap at her pussy. &quot;Grab his cock, whore,&quot; Stephanie
  urged Amber huskily, &quot;Stroke it! Stroke that meat! This man hasn't been
  getting' any lovin' from his slutty wife. She's been too busy whoring herself
  out to pay him any attention.&quot;  
Stephanie lay back on the table, &quot;Work that cock while he eats my pussy.&quot; Brett
  licked further into the brunette's crotch and her pussy quivered under the
  pressure of his invading tongue. Brett felt her hips flex up in the air, &quot;Arghhhh,&quot; she
  moaned softly, &quot;Aaahhhh, YES!!!.&quot;  
Brett felt Stephanie's thighs squeeze the sides of his head as he continued
  to probe his tongue into her tight wet pussy. &quot;Oh fuck yeah!&quot; She
  groaned louder, "That's good baby! Keep going, right there... yeah, right there....
  Arghhhh yeah, please don't stop.&quot;  
Brett lifted Stephanie's ass up in the air for easier access so that he could
  drive his tongue even deeper. Upon feeling his tongue's continued invasion
  of her hot love hole, the aroused brunette's body started shaking. Brett felt
  the pressure on the side of his head grow tighter as Stephanie squeezed her
  thighs together.  
&quot;AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!&quot; she screamed, &quot;OH FUCK! I'M CUMMMMING'!&quot; Brett
  felt her body go tense and then suddenly relax and go limp as he lowered her
  ass back down on the table, the tabletop showing a wet patch from his saliva
  and her cunt juice as her orgasm slowly subsided.  
Stephanie lay there for a few moments before sitting up and grinning at her
  uncle with her perfect white teeth as she rubbed her wet pussy and spoke to
  the man still at the juncture of her thighs. &quot;I don't know why your slut
  of a wife doesn't let you suck her nasty twat. I can't remember the last time
  I came so hard."  
&quot;It's my turn now and I want to taste that hard cock.&quot; Amber said
  as she pulled Brett away from Stephanie and pushed him onto his back so that
  it was his turn to be laying on the pool table.  
Lying down with her feet next to his head, the blonde teenager grasped his
  erect prick with her hand and gave the rod a couple of slow strokes, rubbing
  her warm hand over the sensitive head. &quot;Suck it, slut.&quot; Stephanie
  hissed at her, applying pressure to the top of Amber's head. &quot;I want him
  to cum on your slut face.&quot;  
Amber responded by stroking Brett quickly and quite roughly so much so that
  it brought a groan of pleasure in response. &quot;Come on you slut! Put that
  cock in your mouth!&quot; Stephanie snarled in her sister's ear.  
&quot;You want me to swallow your big cock Unkie? You want it in my little
  slut mouth?&quot; She teased.  
&quot;Oh yeah, please suck it! Take it all. Suck my cock.&quot; Brett begged
  as his twin tormentors were driving him on.  
Amber responded to Brett's verbal capitulation by licking the head of his
  prick, tasting the pre-cum that had managed to escape. After swirling her tongue
  around the head of his cock a couple more times she suddenly sucked it in her
  warm mouth until she swallowed it completely! Brett reached over and started
  fondling Amber's dangling tits, each of his fingers finding a rock hard nipple.
  Amber didn't break her hold on him as she left his dick in her mouth for a
  couple seconds, playing with it with her tongue, and then raised her head off
  it. His cock was wet with saliva as she looked up at her uncle with a wicked
  grin.  
"Unkie, does Auntie Debbie suck your cock like this?" Amber purred.  
"N-n-n-no, she&hellip;doesn't." Brett managed to answer through labored breath.  
Satisfied with his answer, Amber started to really go to work on his cock,
  fucking him with her mouth. Brett grabbed her hair and started slamming her
  head down on his cock. She gagged, trying to lift her head off but Brett held
  it in her as her saliva flowed down his cock, and her eyes closed in discomfort
  as his dick hit the back of her throat. Brett pulled her head against his crotch,
  burying her nose in his pubic bone. Tears of pain began to run down her bulging
  cheeks as he pushed in all the way to the hilt.  
Not wanting to miss out on all the fun, Stephanie got down on her hands and
  knees while her tongue flicked her uncle's testicles. She sucked as much of
  the sack as possible into her willing mouth and then switched to the other
  ball, moving back and forth. The sexy brunette teenager then lifted his leg
  out of the way and she started giving him his first ever rim job while Amber
  continued working on his cock. Brett couldn't believe it when he felt Stephanie's
  probing wet tongue fucking his ass.  
With Stephanie behind Brett, Amber continued working hard on his cock, urgently
  sucking, her head bobbing up and down before switching to licking and sucking
  the shaft from the side while her hand continued running over the sensitive
  head. Brett reached a hand down Amber's taunt stomach, reaching her bare pubic
  bone and then finding her wet slit, slid a finger as deep inside her as he
  could reach. Amber jerked a little from the intrusion but carried on her ministrations.  
&quot;Oh shit, I can't believe this...this is so great! OOOHHHH!&quot; Brett
  moaned. He looked down at his two nieces and he thought he was going to pass
  out. No guy could handle the pressure that Amber was exerting on his prick,
  and Stephanie was pressing her hot body against his back as she worked on him
  from behind. The visual effect of having these two aroused young women, naked
  and working on him was too much for him to handle. His hips started jerking. &quot;Mistress
  can I please cum?" Brett yelled grabbing a handful of Amber's hair, trying
  to push her down on his prick.  
Amber jerked her head away. &quot;Not yet, too soon.&quot;  
&quot;What!?&quot; A perplexed and frustrated Brett questioned.  
Both girls giggled at Brett's discomfort as Amber pulled Stephanie in for
  a deep tongue- lashing kiss. As their tongues lazily wrapped themselves around
  each other they reached for each other's bare breasts. Amber's hand snaked
  up around Stephanie's neck and she pulled her down to her. They both looked
  up at Brett and said nothing. They just looked at him and giggled again.  
&quot;Cock teasing sluts!&quot;  Brett thought as his
  painfully hard prick was now all red and angry looking; twitched in the cool
  air.  
The two girls again locked in a passionate lesbian kiss; legs splayed open
  wide while each fingered the other's cunt. Brett couldn't believe what he was
  watching as they started thrusting fingers into their warm depths. "Be a good
  pet and go and get us a drink." Amber instructed.  
Brett looking ridiculous with his erection, staggered over to the bar and
  got a Champagne bottle, turned round quickly and before he could stop himself
  he began pouring the contents all over Amber's heaving tits. &quot;Argghh,
  fuck that's cold!&quot; She squealed.  
Brett leaned forward and sucked her erect nipples clearing off the Champagne
  before licking the rest of her firm tits and the cleavage between them. Amber
  leaned back, resting her body on her arms. She thrust her chest out at Brett
  and he flicked his tongue over a nipple and pulled it into his mouth. He sucked
  harder and faster as Amber moaned and pushed upwards, pushing her tit into
  his waiting mouth.  
&quot;Mmmmm!&quot; Amber whimpered. &quot;That wasn't exactly what I had
  in mind, but it feels so nice! Stephanie, come here and lick my pussy.&quot;  
Brett nearly had a heart attack as his astonished eyes watched Amber get
  on her hands and knees and playfully wiggle her perfectly formed ass at her
  sister. Stephanie moved up between her legs and spread the perfectly rounded
  ass cheeks. She then leaned in and lapped and licked Amber's pussy, her pink
  tongue swirling in broad strokes, moving up all the way so she could attack
  her sister's anus as well. Brett determined to join in, stood up and poured
  the Champagne all over Amber's back so that it flowed down the sides of her
  body and down her ass crack to Stephanie's waiting mouth and tongue.  
&quot;Arggghhhhhh!&quot; Amber squealed feeling Stephanie's fingers join
  her tongue in her cunt.  
&quot;That's enough, fuck, I need a cock!&quot; Amber suddenly screamed. &quot;I
  want your cock inside me now!&quot; Wiggling her inviting ass, she wailed. &quot;Unkie,
  slam that hard cock into my wet cunt. Fuck me. Fuck me! My cunt is so fucking
  wet&quot;, said Amber as she started to finger her dripping snatch. Stephanie
  quickly sat back making room for her uncle. Looking at her sister she saw the
  intense desire in her sister's sparkling blue eyes.  
Brett approached Amber with lust burning through his veins. Before he could
  protect himself Amber roughly reached for his face with one hand, then holding
  his chin she pressed her mouth to his in a wet, sloppy kiss. She then grabbed
  his hair, pulling him tighter into her mouth and then....pain... she was biting
  his lower lip.... Brett instinctively pulled away and she smirked at him, bits
  of blonde hair falling over her face covering one eye.  
"You want to play slut boy?" Amber exclaimed before slapping Brett across
  the cheek. Amber slapped him again across the other cheek snapping his head
  back.  
"Hit me Unkie! Do it NOW! It turn's me on. No, No, NO, NO, NO," Amber screamed
  as she wildly flung her clenched fist into Brett's chest.  
Not knowing what to do, Brett slapped his young niece across her face and
  grabbed her arms to protect himself. With her arms still pinned on the ground,
  Amber spread her long delicious legs open, displaying her wet cunt to everyone
  while she smiled an evil smile. She then rolled over onto her hands and knees,
  reaching back and opening her cunt lips with one hand. &quot;Slip it in here,
  Unkie&quot; she moaned. She knew that even though she had just humiliated him,
  and he would dearly love to be strong and deny her advances, he would ultimately
  cave to his burning desire.  
His earlier reservations were now completely forgotten as Brett got into
  position behind Amber and positioned his swollen cock head against her slit
  and pushed forward. He then vigorously plunged it into his niece's cunt. He
  felt the heat of her cunt and the wetness of her depths and suddenly lost sight
  of the fact that he was fucking one of his wife's nieces.  
He was thrusting, back and forth, glorying in Amber's wet clasp when suddenly
  Amber pulled away. She leaned back, pushing Brett onto his back and straddled
  him in a reverse cowgirl position. Brett held her firm ass cheeks as she leaned
  forward towards his feet and started moving up and down on his shaft. He watched
  his thick hard shaft all shiny and wet emerge and then disappear between her
  clinging cunt lips, which seemed to tightly grab his prick on every outward
  stroke.  
Amber sat back, riding up and down on his prick while Brett reached round
  her front, crushing her tits brutally. &quot;Yes! Oh fuck yes!&quot; Amber
  cried out. &quot;FUCK ME!! FUCK ME UNKIE!! SQUEEZE MY TITS.&quot; Brett was
  squeezing her tits so hard her breast flesh was bulging through his fingers.
  On releasing her breasts his finger imprints could be seen on the white flesh.  
Stephanie joined in again. Carefully brushing her long hair aside she lowered
  herself between their legs and started licking and sucking his testicles and
  his prick as the hard stem appeared out of Amber's cunt. &quot;Fuck her, Uncle
  Brett.&quot; Stephanie encouraged, &quot;Fuck her raw! Fuck her like you've
  never fucked that whore, Auntie Debbie.&quot;  
&quot;Yeah baby, it's nice and tight for your big cock. That's it Unkie,
  fuck my slut pussy. Slide that prick into my whore cunt.&quot; Amber was fingering
  her clit as Brett continued to pound into her pussy.  
Brett tried to slow his fucking movements because he wanted to extend the
  intense pleasure. But Amber wanted none of that. The way she was pumping her
  cunt up and down on his cock left him with no choice but to keep pace with
  her. He started picking up the pace and rammed up hard into her cunt. Amber
  continued to push and plunge down engulfing him on each stroke. &quot;Yes!
  Yesss! Yessss!&quot; the teenage vixen suddenly wailed, &quot;I'm CUMMING!"  
&quot;Cum for me, slut!&quot; Stephanie snarled at her sister. &quot;You're
  a dirty slut! A fucking cunt! A filthy whore who loves cock!!!&quot; Stephanie
  sat back as the frantic pace made it hard for her to stay between their legs.
  For her it was like a three dimensional porn movie taking place just a few
  inches in front of her as she pleasured herself by fingering her own twat.  
&quot;UH, ARGGHHHH, FUCK MY SLUT CUNT!&quot; Amber screeched as her climax
  hit her. She was thrashing and writhing on top of Brett. &quot;AAARRRGGHHHH!&quot; She
  groaned as she vigorously gyrated her hips back and forth, almost making his
  prick slip out of her cunt.  
Finally, Amber fell forward slumping down in a curled up position. Brett
  sat up; his prick still hard and shinny with Amber's climax. He had yet to
  cum and remained hard and horny as hell. His body was covered with a sheet
  of sweat despite the cool air conditioning.  
Brett looked over at his other gorgeous niece, naked and sitting with her
  legs spread fingers plunging into her wet twat. Stephanie gave him one of her
  looks and turned round onto her hands and knees, opening her legs and shamelessly
  displaying her slit that was dripping juices down the insides of her thighs.  
&quot;Fuck me like a bitch.&quot; she moaned. &quot;Stick your dick inside
  me and split me in two!&quot;  
Brett moved over to her and positioned his prick behind her full rounded
  ass. He teasingly ran his hard cock head up and down her pussy slit and asshole. &quot;Stop
  fucking around.&quot; she ordered. &quot;Fuck me! Fuck me like you did Amber!
  Just harder!!!&quot;  
&quot;I wanna watch this.&quot; Amber moaned.  
&quot;Watch then you whore.... and enjoy.....because I'm about to fuck him
  silly. Watch his huge cock....fuck me ...fuck me deep, into my tight pussy.
  Watch as he slams that monster into me and makes me scream as I cum....&quot; Stephanie
  gutturally moaned at her younger sister.  
Brett placed the mushroom shaped head of his dick against the swollen lips
  of her slit. He pushed forward and her lips parted easily for his prick, allowing
  him to slide all the way inside in just one stroke. &quot;Ahhh....yes...give
  me that thing. Ohh shit......its so big. That's it.... uurrgghhhh...yes...
  deeper. Ahhhhhhhh!&quot; Stephanie moaned. &quot;Ohh Ohh! Uhhh.....urgghhhhh
  so fucking full! Fuck, so full...uh...of...cock....Uhhhh......fuck me, fuck
  me, FUCK ME!!!&quot;  
Brett moaned as he slowly pulled out and then pushed back in at the same
  deliberate pace. Leaning forward, he reached under her and grabbed her fleshy
  melons of her breasts. Stephanie pushed back and opened her legs wider to accommodate
  his pulsating rod. Brett waited till only his cock head remained in her wet
  cunt, then, swiftly and fiercely, he lunged forward, making her gasp and groan.  
His balls began slapping off her ass making 'thwacking' sounds as he picked
  up the pace. He grabbed the sides of her ass and began to fuck her. He fucked
  her hard. His dick slid in and out of her pussy as he used long hard strokes.
  He was staring down at her beautiful ass as he fucked her, her firm ass cheeks
  jiggling with each impact. All of the pain and frustration of the last week
  seemed to be driving him on. Madly, passionately, he continued to take his
  pent up frustration out on his niece's pussy with each vicious stroke.  
&quot;Cum in me!&quot; Stephanie groaned, &quot;Cum in me now! Ohhhhhhh...&quot; she
  sighed, her pussy on fire.  
Brett felt the sides of his cock sliding in and out against the walls of
  her cunt. It was an amazing feeling. &quot;C'mon, you fucker, fuck my cunt,
  fuck it harder, fuck me harder now,&quot; she said through clenched teeth while
  shaking her head about.  
Her lips found his as she turned her head back and she began to kiss him,
  but she was forced to break the kiss as he began to fuck her really hard. In
  and out of her hole his cock slid, faster and faster. Her breasts were swinging
  violently back and forth under her with each of his powerful thrusts. He grabbed
  two handfuls of brown hair, twisting her head back as he used her to steady
  himself as he continued slamming into her cunt, her ass cheeks flapping upwards
  from his constant pounding.  
&quot;I'm cumming!&quot; Brett groaned ramming as hard as possible while
  keeping a death grip on her brunette locks.  
&quot;Oh yeah!&quot; Stephanie moaned. &quot;Fill me up with your cum! Ughhhhhhhhhh!
  Ughhhhhhhhhh! Ughhhhhhhhhhhh!&quot; She groaned even louder. &quot;I'M GOING
  TO CUM!&quot;  
Stephanie shouted. Her bucking increased. &quot;OHHHHHHH YES...&quot; she
  cried, her fingers rubbing her clit furiously.  
Amber sat back, finger-fucking herself as she watched the lewd display her
  sister and uncle were putting on. Briefly she wondered if Carlos and Johnny
  were getting all this on tape. "They fuckin' better, because this
  is some really hot shit."   
&quot;YES! YES! YES!&quot; Stephanie yelled, &quot;CUM IN MY CUNT!! CUM IN
  MY CUNT!!!&quot; She  
shouted. &quot;I'M CUMMMMING!&quot; Brett fucked her as deep as possible
  pounding her ass incredibly hard.  
As Stephanie's pussy contracted around his slamming dick, Brett finally felt
  himself let go. &quot;HERE IT COMES!&quot; He shouted.  
&quot;IN MY WHORE CUNT, IN MY WHORE CUNT!!!&quot; Stephanie shouted as they
  exploded together. Brett's sperm flew out of his shaft deep into her pulsating
  cunt. After about two shots, he pulled out of her gooey twat and fired a rope
  across her back, bits hitting her hair, another two shots continued to splatter
  across her back and role off the sides of her body to the carpet. Some of his
  cum flowed down the sides of Stephanie's tits and hung off her erect nipple,
  suspended, waiting to fall. A final two more weak pumps onto her ass crack
  and he was dry. Brett fell backwards while Stephanie stayed on her hands and
  knees, her thighs and ass red from where Brett had pounded her and his cum
  started to ooze out of her cunt.  
&quot;That was so hot.&quot; Amber said. &quot;I should have fucking filmed
  it.&quot; Amber then leaned across and kissed Brett on the lips. She smiled
  and said. &quot;I hope you're not done.&quot;  
&quot;You're one hot cunt, older sister.&quot; Amber said as she moved away
  from me towards Stephanie. &quot;Look at that cum coming out of your whore
  cunt and all over your back!&quot; Amber ran her hand across Stephanie's firm
  ass and back, scooping up the globs of cum in her hand. Amber reached under
  Stephanie taking her breast in her hands and licking her sweaty and cum splattered
  back. Stephanie wiped some cum off her tit, left there by Amber, and licked
  her fingers.  
Stephanie arched her back as Amber continued kneading her tits. Amber shifted
  backwards so she was directly over Stephanie's ass and cunt. She ran her hands
  along Stephanie's smooth thighs as she watched her uncle's cum continue to
  flow out of her cunt down her legs and drip onto the carpet. Pausing for effect,
  she then dived in tongue first, licking a huge amount of cum out of her sister's
  cunt.  
&quot;It's so warm an' sticky.&quot; Amber moaned. Amber licked Stephanie's
  asshole as well, lashing the whole area up and down.  
&quot;You're such a damn whore,&quot; Stephanie moaned. Amber gave a sly
  grin at this statement and continued to eat Stephanie's pussy.  
Brett was completely awestruck. Never in a million years did he think he
  would see something so breathtaking and forbidden. He got a huge rush watching
  Amber lick Stephanie's pussy, the same pussy he had just fucked raw.  
Amber continued licking her pussy lips and still erect clitoris. Then she
  put her finger against Stephanie's asshole and gently slipped a finger in her
  ass. &quot;Oh yeah, that feels good bitch. Stick that finger deeper inside
  my ass.&quot; Stephanie moaned. &quot;Harder whore.&quot; Stephanie panted.
  Stephanie's body jerked as Amber hit the correct spots. Her head arched backwards
  and her mouth gaped open. &quot;Aaahhhhhh!&quot; She groaned. &quot;That's
  so fucking good! I'm gonna cum again!&quot;  
Amber increased the sucking and flicking of her tongue over Stephanie's clit. &quot;Amber!&quot; Stephanie
  squealed. Her ass bucked forward. Stephanie pushed her snatch back into Amber's
  face. Amber clamped her mouth on the hot, wet twat. That was all that was needed. &quot;FUCK!&quot; Stephanie
  yelled. &quot;I'M CUMMING'! I'M CUMMING'! I'M CUMMING'!&quot; Amber continued
  her attack, opening her sister's pussy lips wider with two thumbs and sticking
  her tongue into the pulsating cunt.  
Suddenly, Amber pulled away and pushed Stephanie on her back and repositioned
  herself above Stephanie's mouth in a 69 position. Stephanie's two arms went
  round Amber's thighs and pulled her cunt into her mouth. Amber jerked her head
  out of Stephanie's cunt at this action as she felt Stephanie's tongue enter
  her cunt.  
Both girls licked and sucked on each other. Fingers rubbed and pinched clitorises
  as tongues went deep into wet and willing pussies. Both girls opened their
  legs as wide as possible as their mouths stayed tightly gripped to each other's
  cunts as they continued to lick furiously. Amber's ass started humping up and
  down on Stephanie's face in a fanatical motion. Both were grinding their cunts
  hard onto the other's willing mouth.  
&quot;Ohhhhhh fuck yeah!&quot; Amber wailed pulling her head out of Stephanie's
  steaming gash. Amber looked up at Brett, Stephanie's juices dripping off her
  chin.  
They rolled onto their sides as legs wrapped around the other's head. Both
  where held in place by mouths spread against cunt lips. Then both exploded
  in a frenzy of sexual excitement as their respective bodies twitched and tensed.
  Stephanie pulled away from Amber's cunt as Amber did likewise. They laid panting
  and breathing deeply, their sweaty bodies glistening in the light, hair plastered
  to their faces and tits heaving up and down. Brett had never seen a more arousing
  site in his entire life.  
Amber slowly lifted herself to her hands and knees and turned away from her
  mesmerized uncle. &quot;One more time baby?&quot; Amber stated. &quot;I want
  your cock up my ass.&quot;  
Brett smiled at her, his hand started jacking his prick back to hardness. "Damn,
      I've dreamt about fucking her tight little ass for years. I can't believe
      that I'm actually going to get to impale my cock in her perfect ass."   
&quot;Are you looking forward to jamming that prick up my steaming hot asshole?
  Won't it be something for you to jack off to in future? To think you fucked
  me up my ass? I bet your little ol' whore wife doesn't let you get anywhere
  close to her old nasty shit hole. Now does she?"  
Brett's temples were pounding from the blood rushing up there as he stood
  up, his cock started to stiffen as blood flowed down there also. He moved up
  to her and bent forward and tongued her asshole, licking it, preparing it for
  his hard cock.  
&quot;Oh fuck yeah, eat my asshole Unkie. Stick your tongue into my asshole.&quot; Amber
  groaned.  
Brett got up and he ran the head of his cock up and down Amber's wet pussy
  slit, wetting it and transferring her juices onto her tight anal opening. Luckily,
  he need not have bothered as cunt juices had already flown down in to her ass
  in her 69 with Stephanie.  
He placed the tip of his cock to her asshole and began to push in slowly.
  Amber threw her head back, a sharp intake of breath as she realized how big
  he was against her tiny anal ring. Amber was part of the very rare breed who
  actually enjoyed anal sex. She was able to reach orgasm without any contact
  with her clitoris or pussy. She discovered her zeal for this forbidden erogenous
  zone at a very early age and could never seem to get enough to completely satisfy
  her.  
&quot;Slow! Don't stop, just slow!!&quot; Amber's head snapped back as she
  cried out. He pierced her tight ring of anal muscle very slowly leaving the
  head lodged inside for a moment. Then he pushed a little more as the head of
  his prick entered Amber's asshole.  
Slow? With this slut? I've dreamed of this moment for at least five years.
  All of those short skirts and tight shorts have driven me absolutely crazy
  Brett said to himself. In a moment of pure abandonment, Brett dispensed with &quot;slow&quot; and
  rammed his prick up into her ass!!!  
Amber's head jerked back, her hair flying round, her eyes closed tight, and
  her mouth open with no sound coming out of it. Air seemed to be coming out
  of her mouth with a slight wheezing sound. She dropped her head, one hand clawing
  the carpet and the other reaching out in front of her for some invisible support,
  her fingers all curled up. She then started slapping the carpet with one hand
  while throwing her head about in pain. She seemed to be having trouble breathing
  and her face had gone red from the intense pain.  
&quot;ARRRRGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHHHH&quot; she screamed finally reaching back with
  one hand, her fingers out stretched as she tried to claw at him. &quot;YOU
  FUCKING BASTARD!!! OH MY GOD....&quot; And she slumped down onto one elbow.  
Brett felt great as he looked down at her curved ass with his prick sticking
  out of the oh so tight ass hole. It felt like his prick was still growing even
  as he thought this and felt a hot flush in his own cheeks. The brutal assault
  in her ass and the pain and shock he could see written all over her face made
  him feel top of the world!!  
He stayed in that position as Amber's body shuddered a little as she adjusted
  to being skewered up the ass. Stephanie looked on, slowly twirling her fingers
  in her cunt knowing her sister's penchant for anal play.  
Amber adjusted quickly and pushed back against his assault. Brett gripped
  her waist and pulled her back. Soon, his stiff cock began to move in and out
  with greater ease as his balls slapped against her wet pussy lips with every
  thrust.  
&quot;Ohhhhhhhhh fuck! Oh my God!&quot; she moaned with pleasure. &quot;You
  are such a fucking bastard...urghhh....fuck...urghhh. Fucking me&hellip;so
  good. You're stupid&hellip;whore&hellip;wife&hellip;doesn't know&hellip;what&hellip;she's
  missing.&quot; She twisted her head back for a kiss. Meshing his mouth against
  hers he reached under her and fondled her tits and tweaked her nipples.  
He slid partway out and than rammed it back in, jamming his entire dick into
  her anus, impaling her. &quot;URGGGHH!&quot; she moaned in a mix of pain and
  pleasure. Brett grabbed her hips and held her firmly against him. He looked
  down at her ass, loving how it looked with his cock disappearing into her tight
  asshole and then seeing her asshole grab at his cock as he pulled out. Her
  beautiful butt flesh was now bouncing and rippling as he rammed in and out
  of her in absolute rapture.  
&quot;You like his cock in your ass don't you, slut!&quot; Stephanie taunted
  her sister.  
&quot;Oh I love it. I love ass fucking. I love being stuck like a pig. It
  feels fucking great. DON'T STOP!&quot; she cried out.  
Stephanie joined in. Crawling over and helping keep Amber's ass cheeks open.
  Her mouth searched for Brett's, their tongues were soon entwined. Stephanie
  was thrusting her tongue deep into his mouth. Brett grabbed a handful of her
  brown locks to guide her head. She released Amber's ass cheeks and ran her
  long red fingernails over his chest, leaving a little trail.  
Stephanie then reached down and pulled his prick out, putting it into her
  mouth and sucking on the hard staff. Brett looked down at the amazing sight
  of Amber's gaping ass. Amber moaned in annoyance at losing his prick in her
  ass. Stephanie released his penis and then put the head back against Amber's
  gapping open asshole so that he could slide back in. They did this three times
  before Stephanie became tired of this and sat back to watch.  
In no time at all, Amber was ramming her ass backwards to meet his thrusts.
  She was moaning loudly as her ass got fucked, and she was losing control again,
  her arms buckling under her. Brett slid his hand around to the front of her
  body, his fingers finding her nipples as he fucked her ass. His fingers started
  pulling her nipples as hard as he could as if he was milking her pushing her
  over the top and she exploded in orgasm.  
&quot;OHHHHHHH FUCCCKKK! OHHHHHHHH GOD! OHHHHHHHH! OHHHHH FUCK!&quot; She
  cried cumming hard. "SO GOOD! YES, FUCK MY ASS UNKIE! OHHHHHH!"  
Brett felt his own orgasm approaching as well as he jammed his cock into
  her vibrating ass, pumping her full of his thick, creamy cum. Burning jets
  of hot spunk blasted into her asshole. She gasped aloud when she felt the hot
  spurts of cum shooting into her. She grunted hard as he pounded into her ass,
  pumping her full of his hot cum.  
"AHHHH, YESSS, YESSSS! FILL ME FULL OF YOUR CUM! I LOVE IT! I CAN FEEL IT!
  THERE IS SO MUCH OF IT,&quot; she yelled. Her body started jerking like a rag
  doll as he filled her ass with cum.  
They lay on the floor without moving for a while with Brett's weight on Amber's
  back. His cock had barely softened and popped out of her abused asshole. Then
  he rolled over exhausted and lay down beside her.  
He looked at her and soon after saw a small river of cum dripping from Amber's
  ass flow out onto the carpet. Stephanie crawled over to her, and opened her
  sister's thighs and willingly sucked all the cum out of Amber's asshole, at
  the same time brining herself off, one hand on her clit rubbing hard, and the
  fingers of her other hand pressing in and out of her dripping pussy.  
Brett thought to himself that he had just experienced the most amazing moments
  of his life. He was partially right, it was those moments that would ruin him
  forever.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  WF Writer


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





