BDSM Library - Timeout




Timeout
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A guy is presented with a time machine and a mission. In a near-future the human race is dying out due to loose sexual morals and sexual practices carrying their influence from the present time , into the future. He is asked to select various females who have had a strong immoral sexual influence in today's society and remove them to a time-zone in the past where they could be punished appropriately. This includes local prostitutes, promiscuous teenagers, TV presenters and film stars. All removed so their influence would not be a bad example to decent girls who would not normally being immoral. Scenarios include sluts who  confess in newspapers they had sex with celebrities . TV weather girls, lap dancing girls and celebrities who have lived a life of debauchery or adultery. Each has a year in the past , a location and a punishment awarded to them, which are then shown on TV in the future as a strong deterrent.
This story is what it appears to be a fantasy story but the sentiments expressed
in it are real and shared by many people.  If you have a female Celebrity/
person that you would like punished or any historical event to punish them in
let me know.  Alternatively, thoughts about historical events that actually
happened or any interesting photos of the sluts concerned or any photos of
attractive teenage girls receiving punishment, as not all in this story are
famous.  .  Real or altered then send me a E-mail and I could included your
scene or photo in the following story or use it to write one especially for you



Time-out by Blackstar

Tony sat back exhausted, he had just arranged the penalty to be paid, of six
young immoral degenerates and it had been hard work

He had selected the offenders from various newspapers, magazines and TV shows. 
His brief was to eliminate as much of the immoral influence as possible from
Society, so as to try to change society views on morality and decadence.

Two of the young ladies selected were from an article in a British national
newspaper.  These amateur whores had boasted in print on how they had a
one-night stand with a popular footballer after brief introduction.  One hour
later, their legs were wide open and they were having their cunts filled in any
available cupboard or toilet.

The type and nature of their sexual encounter was described in full gory detail. 
The Girls saying how much they enjoyed being fucked.  Included in the article
were two photos of them in their underwear.

These particular two Groupies he had condemned for punishment in a Minor Roman
Arena in Italy.  Both were to join a group of female captive who had been chosen
for a pageant portraying the subduing of an uprising of German villages.

The Pageant, was being paid for by Senator Augustos as entertainment hopefully
leading to votes at the election.

He had happily agreed to the inclusion of the two reprobates free and had
allowed Tony to select their roles.

Tony had chosen the two most appalling ways for these women to be punished for
their transgressions at the night-club and the example that must be made of
them, for publicly boasting about their fornication

These two archetype, One 17 years old, the other 22 would join 4 other genuine
prisoners in suffering violent gang rape and buggery by the avenging squad of 50
troopers in a formal violation in the town square.  By being tied naked kneeling
on all fours in the middle of the arena in front of the watching masses.

The troupers would then queue behind, lift the girls by their waist and stick
their cocks between the girls legs fucking her Doggy fashion.  Servicing each
girl sexually and brutally, individuals using their preferred orifice.

After each rape, the girl would be released to sink back to all fours.  At the
end of the day the Girls would then would be nailed to a cross Roman fashion and
crucified naked until they expired.

The pageant was to punish a German village for its rebellion.  Its young people
taken into captivity, to be used specifically for exhibitions.  The males to be
castrated and enslaved.  Its young girls to be used in the much explicit sexual
titillation exhibitions at that time in Italy, which was causing a shortage of
females for slavery.

Tony, due to the wonders of advanced technology had already viewed the
forth-coming event.

The 17-year-old had endured 23 individual rapes and had six insertions up her
arse over six hours.

The 22-year-old taking 18 rapes and suffered 12 ejaculations into her back
passage in seven hours.

Both of them screaming shrieking and wailing, crying and protesting as they were
raised from their knees, humped by each trooper in turn, then allowed to slump
back waiting for the next humping, till they fell silent from exhaustion.

Their eyes bulging from their head, their mouth slackly open in terror and
horror as the dicks penetrating their orifices from behind Doggy fashion went on
and on and on.  For a total length of the pageant, this was 8 hours.

Looking at their expressions of terror, shock, horror, pain and suffering, he
was content that the punishment had fitted their crime.  Moreover, this was
before they had been nailed naked on the cross with a large plug forced up their
back passage.

Publicly displayed for all to see, naked as fitted the offence.  It had taken
all night for them to expire, their pubic area being anointed with red hot tar
from time to time to arouse the from the stupor they had fallen into.

On the application, the girls were again raised to a state that they started
screaming as the hot tar seared their private parts.

A true one night stand.



The two 19 year old dancers from the Pop music show he had sentenced to spend 6
months in a German flagellation house in the Victorian era.  The reason of their
dance would change but not its content.  Its outcome would degredate and shame
them fully

They would still move in a lewd and suggestive manner, offering delight to their
male customer but this time it would be pain driven as their delectable bodies
danced away from the lash or the cane.

This time they would also be compelled to carry out the acts that their actions
promised with their clients.  Who would bid for their favours after watching
them being thrashed and fuck their pain filled body until the spunk flowed out
of their noses.

It was expected that they would only function for about 4 months before being
disposed off.

As Tony had used this German Brothel before he had no problem with the type of
punishment these girls would be enduring.  He knew it would be painful,
degrading and very sexual

Being punished as whores their backside would be as red raw as their sexual
organs every night.

Their Breast would receive plenty of deserving attention and many a whipping
would take place while suspended only by their long blond hair while their legs
danced in pain in mid air The whip curling around those tits, causing them to
jiggle

Being a German Brothel, they would get Sundays off from work.  Therefore, they
could partly recover and contemplate the error of their former life before
getting up next morning to dress as a schoolgirl needing a caning from a paying
client.  Made to present her bottom, hands clutching ankles, bending inline with
6 other girls receive across her bare bottom as many strokes of the cane as felt
was needed to redeem the fantasised offence.

Once all eight had been caned then the client would select two girls and
dismissing the others, insert his dick between the thighs one of the waiting
delinquents.  One of them to get a slow massage up her arse until near
ejaculating.  The other being made to stay bent over trying to cope with the
pain from the caning still agonising fresh, with legs wide open, cunt awaiting
for the client to reach near ejaculation up the other girls bum then feel the
organ push into her and ejaculate as he quickly switched girls and orifices

When the revenue from their depleted charms were deemed to not cover their cost. 
They would be dragged down to the cellar and unceremoniously drowned like
unwanted pets.  They died by having their heads forced down into a tub of dirty
disgusting water and were then left to rot in the rat infested sewer

An ancient scenario, he had just discovered was to be the fate of the last two,
highly paid lap dancers who also practised as Call girls after work.  These he
had plucked from a expensive Night-club that exhibited gorgeous girls, who then
exhibited themselves for money, in public and private shows. 

He had them placed in a village just about to undergo being overrun by Vidal the
Impaler in the 14 century.  By dressing them in appropriate fashion cloths of
the ruling class of the time, he knew that soon they would suffer the fate of
all the village females and be impaled on wooden stakes.  However, would receive
treatment that is more appropriate.

Vidal used this technique as a good deterrent to show to the towns he would soon
be besieging.  To give them the example of what would be their fate if they
resisted his army of occupation

Very soon, those pouting decadent Lap Dancing girls would be taken prisoner,
then along with many other young females (Vidal Like to punish them in age
groups.  The babies being roasted in the fire, the 5-12 year olds Vidal liked to
use himself in private).  They would then suffer the same fate as the locals;
being exhibited then striped naked, the troops would be allowed to pick a victim
and rape and bugger her as a reward for serving his army.  In full gaze of any
surviving villagers and of course Vidal himself who enjoyed this type of sport
immensely.  Due to their exquisite looks and body the two lap dancers had
attracted numerous suitors who wanted to sample their charms.  Tony had no
problem with the girls being rapped repeatedly

The girls had earnt money by using their female charm to promise much but had
delivered very little.  Now was pay back time

Once their delights had been well sampled, it was over to a raised leather
saddle. 

To be forced face down, legs spread wide while a large wooden stake was hammered
up their desirable cunts.  Teams of three men undertook the impalement, two to
drag the screaming, sobbing girl to the saddle and force her over.  The third
bringing the wooded pole.

 Once the victim was face down, bottom up and nicely curved over the saddle with
her legs stretched wide open, the third man would bend forward and using his
large hands slide them between the thrashing twisting victims thighs and then
yank open the flesh around her pussy thus allowing entry to her sex organ of the
tip of pole with its roughly chopped and shaped point

 The end of the pole would then be placed into a hole in the ground and the
screaming suffering girl raised up for all to see her agony and misery

The army would then move on to impale the next village that resisted

He had arranged it so the two 21st century glamour Lap Dancers would first have
to watch a group of twenty girls between 13 to 18 get their cunts sizes amend
before it was impaling time for them.  This would give them some idea as to
their fate and time to contemplate how much it was going to hurt.

Viewing the scene 12 hours after capture when the girls had slightly recovered
from being raped and sodomised in an orgy of lust and violence in which several
girls and women had died from brutal acts.  He could see the dismay, shock, and
disbelief as they were forced to watch as an 18-year-old girl suffered having
the wood put in her hole.  This was after sThe cane coming whistling down each
time as the flogger took his delight in punishing an Unbeliever.  Her rounded
bottom selected for more than its fair share as the Arab torturer took sadistic
glee in degrading her.

Each time he struck the poor girl struggled in her bonds. Tony was surprised to
see her different reactions, depending on where the cut landed. If he struck her
rounded bottom she would go into hysterics with the shame and the pain and would
attempt to raise her head and legs. If her lower thighs then she would raise her
backside in agony as  if inviting her cunt to be inspected

He was not surprised to see that when enduring hanging by her legs, her pussy a
squirming mess of maggots, she seemed seriously tormented.  Screaming
hysterically as she felt the creatures invading her cunt and pulled down by
gravity entering deep into her birth canal

The first time this had happened she was not sure what she was about to take
place.  All she knew was that she had been dragged out of her rooms at about six
in the morning.

She was first dragged to a raised platform at which sat an attentive audience.
Then in front of the watching crowd, she was stripped naked and ropes were tied
to her ankles. As these were tightened, she was forced first to sit down, then
lay down, as her legs were pulled from under her slowly. being tied to opposite
sides of the frame they were also stretched wide apacely positioned while her
shoulders and Tits wr legs it was not until she saw the buckets of creepy
crawlies siting on the floor that she started to scream? When she was fully
raised to a hanging position a small black leather bucket without a base was
strapped between her legs.  She suddenly increased her distressed howling as the
first clump was dumped between her loins and a stick used to push them into her
interior.

She shook, she screamed, she begged, she pleaded.  As she twisted her body in
mad convulsions of horror, she showed her arse still badly welted from that
months doserting the shaft, picked up the mallet and droatching dignities
chortled in laughter at her wild gyration. But the wives were the worst
suggesting things that would increase her torment five fold .One actually
getting up and delicately pulling her cunt wide open with gloved hands so more
bugs penetrated deeper inside her

The second time was the worst as she knew what she was in for and reacted at
first sight of the scaffold she was to be suspended by.  Tony was unable to
watch the third time, as time was rationed on the monitor.

He would have to change the scenario slightly when getting her sentenced so that
that she had to prepare herself more attractively. So increasing the visitors
who paid to see the aristocratic European woman and took advantage of the fact
she was obliged to shag if requested

This would best be done by charging her for food and lodging for the time she
was to be incarcerated resulting in. No prostitution, no food. Tony was looking
forward to seeing her face when she realised what he had got in store for her.

As it stood, the monitor showed her suffering nearly daily Rapes and having to
experience nasties crawling around in her cunt three times over an 18-month
period.  This was not enough punishment.

He felt she should be kept naked in a cage and exhibited along with the pails of
insects that she would soon feel crawling around her sex organs for one day
before being hung by her legs.

 This would increase her toreir consternation shown by writhing, twisting and
uttering shrill screeches of terror as they were dragged towards to impaling
saddle.  To experience the feeling of their ankles being gripped and their legs
being pulled apart so that their cunts could be examined?

Tony had arranged, the girls being of Noble birth, for special stakes to be
made.  Each stake had placed in slits in its blunt point, several small thin
sharp blades.  These blades would score the cunt's inner lining as the stake was
inserted as an appalling but well deserved additional punishment they were being
condemned to suffer.

The girls screamed and protested to no avail as they were stretched naked across
the saddles.  Moaning and writhing as their legs were wrenched apart ready to
receive a cunt splitting wooden stake.

Tony saw Vidal smile at their antics.  These highbred women never did know how
to behave in public.

Tony had thought of having them lifted up by the legs in a parody of a dancer
doing the splits and dropping them into an upright pointed stake.  Then tying
weights to their feet so they would slowly and painfully over the next two days,
slither down the post until the point of the stake exited their tormented bodies
somewhere around their Tits.  However, had had to abandon that, as this was a
Turkish impaling not used until the next century.

Once the stake was settled into the girl's cunts the cacophony they produced as
it was hammered home was like nothing the experienced troopers had watched
before.  Their agony being increased by the knives cutting and slashing the
inner lining

These pampered, soft, glamorous, 21-century showgirls had not the experience to
cope with cruelty like this and they showed it

Obscenities flew from their mouths not realising that FUCK OFF YOU FUCKING
BASTARDS and FUCKING HELL and WOSE!  THAT FUCKING HURT were for the first time
in their degenerate lives uttered correctly

The girls looked quite adorable if a little chastened as they were raised up to
join the others in the forest of impaled girls.  Their hands down, holding their
crotches as they tried to balance on the upright, attempting to take the weight
of the stake in their guts.  The pain and torment showing on their faces as the
pole that stuck out of their cunts was planted firmly in the soil.

The young Blond was first.  The troupers dragged her from her observation perch
and frog marched the slut to her execution.  The blond howled and cried as she
was forced forward clearly distressed and horrified at what was happening to
her.  The other girl a slightly older blond twisted and thrashed at the ropes
binding her in a attempt to escape a similar fate once her college had been
dealt with

Once the younger girl was over the saddle, Tony realised how much of a flogging
the poor slut had had to undergo as a prelim punishment.

The whips man had cut her backside so badly that the girls pink flesh could be
seen in the weal's covering her backside.  Tony was particularly interested in
seeing this youngster get it.  She had been on of the most lewd girls dancing
around the poles she had started by lewdly near naked laying over a pillow in a
parody of the punishment she was now going to get.  However, this time the pole
was going to get to fuck her.

She seemed completely bewildered as how she had got into this predicament
although Tony had made her mastibate with a large dildo.  Moreover, leeringly
informed her that the next inert object to enter her cunt would do so more
urgently and painfully.  Tony could only gloat as he watched the poor distressed
girl get her cunt well filled to busting with the pole.  However, winced as it
was hammered home so much did she show her horror and distress?  Looking at her
impaled on her pole.  Tony felt that the slut had got her cum-uppance
justifiably

Watching as a ghostly spectre these two young attractive glamour Lap Dancer
anticipating, dreading an agonising shafting.  Then watching them scream in pain
as they got punished, just where they deserved it, made the whole previous hard
work seem worth while.

Their faces showed not a trace of pleasure as the nursed their impaled cunts,
only pain fear and misery as they waited impaled for the anguish to end, watched
by a audience of uninterested solders.  After ten weeks their rotted bodies
would mingle with the other bones on the ground and pass into history

The Women manager of the lap-dancing club was in for a big shock.  As recruiter
and employer of the of dancers, she was held more responsible for the lewd
exhibitions than the Lap Dancer

David was in the process of arranging for the punishment of this slim enchanting
assertive 30-year-old woman.

This proud Madame just happened to be well bred, refined and cultured, as well
as elegant and earnt her living providing girls to act provocatively.  However,
reacted with anger if any girl actually fulfilled the promises she made with her
body while dancing.  She got great enjoyment at watching frustrated Males being
rejected once horny. 

She was going to spend the next ten years as a captive slave doing Hard Labour
in an ancient Arabian Prison, for Adultery.

The sentence was 10 years.  Life expectancy 3 years working in the hot midday
sun, tanning leather with stinking urine.  As a Blond High -Born European he
knew she would be a curiosity and would be obliged to entertain Arabs
dignitaries later in her quarters any who wished to leer at her.  She could also
expect to have to yield to their advances if that was what was desired.  Any
settlement money going to the Prison Governor

Tony knew that the Governor had an inclination to suspend western women he
despised, upside down naked in the sun. Hanging by wide open legs waiting for
and dreading the sensation of having their cunts filled with worms, maggots and
larva as an entertainment for visitors.  The well bred lady procurer would suit
that position well.

As the offence she would stand trial for was sexual.  She would also be
sentenced to 1000 strokes of the cane.  The penalty to be spread over the first
year.

Every month she could expect to be laid out on a table and tied securely face
down, to receive 80 strokes of the cane Saudi Arabian style.

This was achieved by starting at the lower back and beating downwards towards
her feet. After about three strokes he would start caning her slim backside,
then passing on down until she received hard downward stuck blows to her lower
thighs.

This would use up about 12 of the strokes.  The flogger would then work up and
down the same area until the adorable "Essex Girl" Pimp had received her monthly
quota.

Checking her a couple of time on the monitor he was pleased to see her screaming
intensely from the start of her punishment as her torso was thoroughly flogged. 
The cane coming whistling down each time as the flogger took his delight in
punishing an Unbeliever.  Her rounded bottom selected for more than its fair
share as the Arab torturer took sadistic glee in degrading her.

Each time he struck the poor girl struggled in her bonds. Tony was surprised to
see her different reactions, depending on where the cut landed. If he struck her
rounded bottom she would go into hysterics with the shame and the pain and would
attempt to raise her head and legs. If her lower thighs then she would raise her
backside in agony as  if inviting her cunt to be inspected

He was not surprised to see that when enduring hanging by her legs, her pussy a
squirming mess of maggots, she seemed seriously tormented.  Screaming
hysterically as she felt the creatures invading her cunt and pulled down by
gravity entering deep into her birth canal

The first time this had happened she was not sure what she was about to take
place.  All she knew was that she had been dragged out of her rooms at about six
in the morning.

She was first dragged to a raised platform at which sat an attentive audience.
Then in front of the watching crowd, she was stripped naked and ropes were tied
to her ankles. As these were tightened, she was forced first to sit down, then
lay down, as her legs were pulled from under her slowly. being tied to opposite
sides of the frame they were also stretched wide apart

As she was hauled struggling, upward by her legs it was not until she saw the
buckets of creepy crawlies siting on the floor that she started to scream? When
she was fully raised to a hanging position a small black leather bucket without
a base was strapped between her legs.  She suddenly increased her distressed
howling as the first clump was dumped between her loins and a stick used to push
them into her interior.

She shook, she screamed, she begged, she pleaded.  As she twisted her body in
mad convulsions of horror, she showed her arse still badly welted from that
months dose of the cane, to the watching audience.

The watching dignities chortled in laughter at her wild gyration. But the wives
were the worst suggesting things that would increase her torment five fold .One
actually getting up and delicately pulling her cunt wide open with gloved hands
so more bugs penetrated deeper inside her

The second time was the worst as she knew what she was in for and reacted at
first sight of the scaffold she was to be suspended by.  Tony was unable to
watch the third time, as time was rationed on the monitor.

He would have to change the scenario slightly when getting her sentenced so that
that she had to prepare herself more attractively. So increasing the visitors
who paid to see the aristocratic European woman and took advantage of the fact
she was obliged to shag if requested

This would best be done by charging her for food and lodging for the time she
was to be incarcerated resulting in. No prostitution, no food. Tony was looking
forward to seeing her face when she realised what he had got in store for her.

As it stood, the monitor showed her suffering nearly daily Rapes and having to
experience nasties crawling around in her cunt three times over an 18-month
period.  This was not enough punishment.

He felt she should be kept naked in a cage and exhibited along with the pails of
insects that she would soon feel crawling around her sex organs for one day
before being hung by her legs.

 This would increase her torment and encourage others to visit her in her cell
more often.  It would not take much to change this. A word in the ear of one of
the officers and a small bribe of a  genuine 14 or15year old 21st century school
girl to play with , degrade ,punish and keep, would produce marvellous results
and much more degrading treatment of the upper class procurer

Siting back Tony mind went back to the events that had allowed him the pleasure
of sentencing provocative degenerates to debasing degrading, painful punishments
with no risks to himself

A parcel had arrived by normal post and in it had been a machine and an
introductory letter anof Wales that a legitimate Government of the UK had found
her behaviour intolerable considering the privileged position she held.

It had resolved that she had been a Traitor to her country and must pay the
ultimate penalty.  However, due to the dire distress that that human race found
its self, due to the permissive society.  It had also decided that it was
morally right that she be made a "Prime Example" due to the influence she held
over the Nation.  So he had arranged for her to suffer mental and physical
torment, before her arranged demise in the car crash.

The Princess s had looked at him in total disbelief thinking she was being held
by a Nutter as he sentenced her to three weeks in a German concentration camp. 
Continually reminding him later as he rubbed his Dick up and down her back
passage, that he was buggering a Royal person and would pay severely for that. 
It was not until she sat in the chair ready for transport, that she at last
realised her fate was going to happen as he had explained.

He was also to find that she was a Cry-baby.  When told to bend over his lap for
her compulsory morning spanking She did so only with extreme reluctance, whining
that she did not deserve it.  Nevertheless, went on to cry copiously, shrieking
and pleading for him to stop as she was chastised.  Tony had to remind he that
the last Queen to commit adultery had her head chopped of in public as a
Trulgence; immoral, decadent sexually provocativwomen and that was to use not
his hand but a plastic ruler on their bare backsides As Princess Diana was a
Royal mature high-born lady, for her he procured a sliver metal platter, which
being metal and having a wide sole plate raised welts on her backside.  So
painful was the royal whores backside getting that some morning she had to be
tied in place so he could administer the appropriate 32 slaps to send her
through the day regretting

While the Royal fornicator was not really Tony ideal fuck as she had passed her
prime though she was d punished.  That could successfully be dealt ing this
privilege lady lying on his lap while he regally raised red welts on the Royal
Fornicators bum with a strap while the future Queen of England sobbed her heart
out.

He had her kept naked and the young proud woman got in some practice swallowing
his cum and urine while she practised her fall from grace.  However, his heart
was not in abusing the lady as much as was just. 

He liked teenagers so he humbled and humiliated the Proud Bitch as much as he
could for the three days he had use of her.  Treating the adulterous Bitch to
some real hard whippings and giving her to some friends he knew, who used her
for bondage and as a fleshpot for fucking.

He had viewed several penalties for this Royal Whore before sending her to a
Gestapo Torture room as a Resistance suspect.

Ones he had rejected were the Roman games, an Arabian Harem.  A female in Berlin
when the Russians invaded and an Aristocrats wife in the French revolution.

He wanted this debauched Traitor to suffer Punishment not for one day but to
experience real cruelty and abuse as befitted a fallen future Queen, but she had
to have injuries consistent with a car crash

She had been transported to her punishment in her Royal finery and found herself
siting on a chair . In front of her was a clandestine radio.

The doors gave way as the Troops acting for the Gestapo burst in.  They had been
taking part on what would have been an abortive ing that if the tag light glowed
red, she would be waiting for him incarcerated in his cellar, as once in a
position that her disappearance would not be noticed then tag would activate. 
Removing the bad influence from other girls

Ready for him to introduce her to the joys of bondage and humiliation when he
got home.  Ready for him to prepare herself for societies revenge for her
immoral behaviour.  He love whipping schoolgirls and now having full control
over their fate was one of the reasons for accepting the role.  Then she would
be condemned to live in a Victorian Children's workhouse to be birched and
abused by the Beadle.  To be found mutilated, not unexpectedly, her behaviour
well known, in a field somewhere and blamed on a local unknown abductor.

The removing of one archetype helping to allow other girls to follow the decent
path and by bring her body back helping to force the moral message home.

However, the best and cheapest way to remove them was to scatter them through
time so that they would not effect too much one period as long as they would not
be missed.

One extra girl being tortured and raped in an overrun village would not change
much but the removal of many Sluts, whores and promiscuous females just might
save mankind in the future

If it were undesirable to remove that particular female then nothing would
happen.  He could try later as it just might be the wrong time, one year on
might be OK

Another use of the machine was to allow the Slut being removed to communicate
with the time area she was removed to, so that people meeting her would not
suspect where she had come from.  It would also place a speech block so she
could not speak about her time transfer

With the right cloths and pronounced a condemned criminal She would be dealt
with as sentenced and no one would bother where she really came from.

However, the beauty of the machine was while it would not allow him to be
transported in the flesh it was a virtual reality device.  When viewing a scene
on the time monitor he could not transport himself, as this would cause
violation of the restrictions.  However, he could influence matters in saying
how hard the girl was beaten and with what by projecting his voice as if from
the group of people present.

It was as if he was in the room with the offenders but as a spirit presence. 
While he could not acutely touch or rape the girl. If he acted out fucking a
prepared and ready victim, when not being used by someone else, he would
actually see and feel his cock entering the deserving felon and the ejaculation. 
She would feel a ghostly presence and her body would react to the spooky
presence by responding appropriately.

This could send the girl feeling the weird fuck into hysterics but she had no
option but to endure the ghostly intercourse.  If he so desired his sperm could
be sent back to deposit it's self in the girl's cunt.  She would suddenly feel a
cold sensation in her Virginia as the transported sperm found its mark. She
would experience the intercourse and be impregnated. He would enjoy the rape and
sense the girls total distress as if there.

Alternatively, if being the slut was being punished, stand inside the abuser
body and mimic the action the real abuser was doing.  Feeling the cane whipping
down and feel it landing.  All the sensations that her true abuser was feeling
and watch the slut squirm as she was punished whether by being thrashed,
shagged, or tortured. 

What was more satisfying was he could move his position so he could one minute
be the jailer raping a girl.  Then he could be the guy who stuck a burning
faggot between the deserving Prostitutes, legs scorching her cunt

He did not often indulge in a historical scene.  Just liked to scrutinise,
having the three days to fuck the slut properly before hand. 

Nevertheless, sometimes it was nice to horrify the girl especially while
watching her being flogged by indulging in phantom rape.  The watching people
baffled as the girl writhed and moaned in spectral fornication as the cane bit
into her arse.  Reminding the Slag exactly the reason why she was being caned

With use of another part of the time machine, he would be able to influence her
captors.  He would be able to implant ideas so that the Jailer of a woman would
think he saw her being arrested and knew the case against her.  All that was
then needed was for the case to follow its logical conclusion and the girl
paying the penalty a court or tribunal awarded

His reward, was helping mankind and possibly getting delight in punishing
females he felt were totally immoral and degenerate

A bank account would be opened for his expenses and he would be rented, rent
free suitable premises for interrogating his wayward subject until they could be
transported to their fate

For most victims he would be the judge but some times they might overrule him
and pick an older, plainer woman less desirable for him to dispose of.  The
female Pimp rather than the Slut.  However, for most he would have Selection and
the use of them for up to the 3 days it would take to send them to the fate he
decreed.

The only proviso was that they must arrive at their final time zone in full
health and not too bodily spoiled.  If they arrived with a "Bun in the Oven,"
that was not a problem

He must agree to transport at least 200-500 girls a year otherwise event would
not change. However, with common prostitutes, local whores, promiscuous
teenagers and young Tarts as well as beautiful but degenerate show business
people to chose from that should not be a problem.  He did not have to fuck them
all.  Just select the most deserving and give then a bit of abuse and then batch
them up and send them to the torment of his choice

Tony had now been working for 2 years and had made about 650 women and girls
writhe in sexual punishment.  The beauty of time transport that he could view
what he wanted done to the women and if it was not right amend the program
before finally sending them

Princes Diana had been a typical example

Picked by the Gorges for elimination, being transported about 10 seconds before
the car crashed in France.  She had died in the crashing car dressed in a
splendid highly expensive exclusive dress.  For sadistic fun, he had her Royal
Highness transported Nude, her dress and underwear landing in a heap on the
floor a split second later.

When bringing her from the crash, so sure was she that she merited special
treatment that her first reaction had been to shout and swear like a trooper and
demand that someone pay for her horrible encounter.  She did not show shock at
her nudity until about 10 seconds later then she cringed in horror and shock.

Once he had secured her in the iron collar, he was able to inform the ranting
naked Princess s of Wales that a legitimate Government of the UK had found her
behaviour intolerable considering the privileged position she held.

It had resolved that she had been a Traitor to her country and must pay the
ultimate penalty.  However, due to the dire distress that that human race found
its self, due to the permissive society.  It had also decided that it was
morally right that she be made a "Prime Example" due to the influence she held
over the Nation.  So he had arranged for her to suffer mental and physical
torment, before her arranged demise in the car crash.

The Princess s had looked at him in total disbelief thinking she was being held
by a Nutter as he sentenced her to three weeks in a German concentration camp. 
Continually reminding him later as he rubbed his Dick up and down her back
passage, that he was buggering a Royal person and would pay severely for that. 
It was not until she sat in the chair ready for transport, that she at last
realised her fate was going to happen as he had explained.

He was also to find that she was a Cry-baby.  When told to bend over his lap for
her compulsory morning spanking She did so only with extreme reluctance, whining
that she did not deserve it.  Nevertheless, went on to cry copiously, shrieking
and pleading for him to stop as she was chastised.  Tony had to remind he that
the last Queen to commit adultery had her head chopped of in public as a
Traitor. 

Tony did as he always did with grown women and that was to use not his hand but
a plastic ruler on their bare backsides As Princess Diana was a Royal mature
high-born lady, for her he procured a sliver metal platter, which being metal
and having a wide sole plate raised welts on her backside.  So painful was the
royal whores backside getting that some morning she had to be tied in place so
he could administer the appropriate 32 slaps to send her through the day
regretting

While the Royal fornicator was not really Tony ideal fuck as she had passed her
prime though she was very slim and fit.  He got quite a kick of having this
privilege lady lying on his lap while he regally raised red welts on the Royal
Fornicators bum with a strap while the future Queen of England sobbed her heart
out.

He had her kept naked and the young proud woman got in some practice swallowing
his cum and urine while she practised her fall from grace.  However, his heart
was not in abusing the lady as much as was just. 

He liked teenagers so he humbled and humiliated the Proud Bitch as much as he
could for the three days he had use of her.  Treating the adulterous Bitch to
some real hard whippings and giving her to some friends he knew, who used her
for bondage and as a fleshpot for fucking.

He had viewed several penalties for this Royal Whore before sending her to a
Gestapo Torture room as a Resistance suspect.

Ones he had rejected were the Roman games, an Arabian Harem.  A female in Berlin
when the Russians invaded and an Aristocrats wife in the French revolution.

He wanted this debauched Traitor to suffer Punishment not for one day but to
experience real cruelty and abuse as befitted a fallen future Queen, but she had
to have injuries consistent with a car crash

She had been transported to her punishment in her Royal finery and found herself
siting on a chair . In front of her was a clandestine radio.

The doors gave way as the Troops acting for the Gestapo burst in.  They had been
taking part on what would have been an abortive raid on a French Aristocrats
house, when they found his Daughter sending out resistance messages.  The
daughter was in fact was miles away.

The troops lost no time in taking an advantage of the situation and Diana found
herself forced against the wall and pinned securely while one soldier thrust his
hand up between her legs.  Eventually after much groping, he pulled down the
Royal Knickers, to whoops from the watching soldiers.

They had been told not to ravage anybody so had to accept that removing her
knickers was all the power they had.  Soon she knew exactly was in store for her
as they leered and fondled her breasts and ss fire in a theatre in which both
girls apparently died.

Kylie had set such a precedent with her groaning provocative lewd dancing and
showing her backside provocatively that 100 years in the future decent girls
were still being raped because of this wonton woman's actions.

Christina Aguiffier conduct was inexcusable.  Dancing provocatively in skimpy
clothing that left nothing to the imagination in sets that reeked of debauchery
and Promiscuous behaviour.  She had attempted to follow Kylie on the road to
celebrity fame on her notoriety as a Tart

Tony felt the punishment needs would best be served by condemning both women to
a 13-century Nunnery as a Fallen woman or Trollops.  Which looking back into the
Past, using his monitor the courts did,

That case went straightforward with both performers being sent to a very strict
convent for 10 years as Trollops.  However, Tony was surprised to see an extra
punishment added on to Miss Minogue sentence.  That she was to wear Scolds
Bridle for 3 months.

It seems the Celebrity had sworn at the Presiding Officer expecting it to have
some effect.  It did.  He branded her a Harlot and punished her justifiably for
it.  A Trollop is a provocative, forward, wayward immoral girl.  A Harlot is a
Trollop who used her sexuality to gain favour or money.  Tony agreed with the
verdict, Kylie had more sins to pay for

The object of the Bridle was to reinforce the sileed then while dripping sperm
from her shaggingne metal bridal on Kylie with its metal tongue was to strongly
discipline the Pop star in a very humiliating way. By stopping the Singer
uttering any noise except a grunting crock or a gurgling scream.

Tony got quite a hard on, as he saws was usual then; the sentence carried out
immediately in the courtroom.  Kylie being forced in to a chair in the court as
soon as the sentence was pronounced, her hands bound tightly behind her back. 

She had heard the extra sentence pronounced but did not realise the dreadful
nature of censure she hadlso had to suffer being connected to a 400-voling to be
the outcome, the court official had already deliberately selected one that would
cause the maximum suffering and discomfort to the performer

The Usher brought over the contraption, which consisted of a beaten metal cage,
hinged at the front so as to allow it to be slipped over the Singers head. 
Approaching the horrified Singer he ordered her blond hair be chopped close to
her head and waited while the Singer screamed abuse at the Court.

Once her hair had been roughly shorn he approached the shrieking and pleading
condemned female and forced the apparatus over her head.

The once Singer, now condemned Harlot, tried desperately to stop him, dreading
even the thought, let alone the feel of being imprisoned in such a dreadful
obscenity.  Shrieking and crying her horror to the satisfaction of the watching
Courtroom Usher.

He knew that the torment from having her head caged with no relief allowed would
send the condemned slut almost mad with disappear and misery.

He would have liked to be allowed to fit a smaller cage to the singer's cunt and
then insert a live rat but it was not often usually with murderess who had
murdered their lovers, that was ordered

The Usher smirked at her as he condemned her to 3 months of living hell by
forcing the muzzle slowly and cruelly over her head thus enforcing the feeling
of claustrophobia and dread Kylie felt.  Kylie twisted and squirmed in her
chairo the tune of 400 volts.

The scenario was thenirmly over her head, her eyes peering out through the bars. 
Her nose was prodded and pulled into position so it stuck out of the small
triangle allowed for it.  Next, Her mouth was forced open to accept the large
flat spoon that held her tongue in a clip and pressed it firmly to the floor of
her mouth.  She would be able to open her mouth for food and drink but her
tongue would be frozen in her mouth

She gagged and choked as the gag was placed into position but to no avail.  With
her eyes watering and popping from her head, retching aneat pleasure in
anticipating what was going to the metal cage was finally sealed with a hot
rivet.  The weight alone of the metal must have made the Harlot shoulders ache. 
This lady would not be singing for her supper for sometime but stay silent, just
gurgling her agony as her famous Butt was scourged frequently in the Convent

She was then led away to be exhibited in the Town Square as an example to others
for the rest of the day.  The weight of the metal cage making her lower her head
in shame, as she was the exhibited, hands tied above her head to the overhead
bar on the raised scaffold.  Her shame being reinforced by the jeering and
sexual comments from the public as she stood condemned naked from the waist as a
Whore and a Harlot.  Her pert tits set off by the ugly metal bridal, raising
admiring lustful comments

Christina was placed in the headstocks for public contempt and shame.  Bending
forward held firmly by the neck, her head and hands solidly held in the wooden
bar.

As well as having to accept animal excrement and rotten fruit being thrown at
them.  Both girls also had to endure the surprise of feeling a hand between
their legs exploring their sexual organs from time to time, as more daring
spectators stood behind them and goosed their arses to liven things up.  The
fact that they yelled and twisted their bodies suggestively when this happened
only brought more roars of approval from the crowed.

Both girls got a public spankwould possibly short out the probes.

Once fully inserted her young tormentor twisted it round and round and had a
satisfied smirk on her face as Princess s Diana squealed like the stuck Pig she
was.  Then she rammed it up and down in a parody of copulation making sure that
its end was punching against the Princess s cervix.

She then relaxed her grip on the handle and the Royal Whore howled as the spring
points were released.  Then the Princess Consort felt her anal passage being
stretched wide as if passing an agonising stool.  However, this time the stool
was going up.  Again once firmly imbedded, the Young lady inserting it then
forcefully released the holding pin and slowly fucked her with it. This time
Diana yowled as the sharp pins ripped into her anus lining.

When every thing was in securely in place.  The female gave a wink to the
operating officer and removed her hand from the shock area and carefully lowered
, straightened and tidied the victim's dress. Her pants stayed round her ankles. 
She had requested a low pulsing voltage to start and watched with anticipation
and rapture. 

The sight of the Diana, Princess s of Wales, Future Queen of England.  Dressed
in a long slim elegant gown, secured over a desk, wiggling and squirming her
dignified body and bottom as she suffered a induced sexual orgasm on a low
current, was sight Tony would cherish for a long time.

Her delectable body shaking from fright and terror her voice uttering low
moaning and pleading for forgiveness as she contemplated the agony of having her
Adulterous slit fried. 

To watch any young slut being punished by having her sexual organs mutilated was
always a thrill to Tony.  But to watch a Desirable Celebrity pay that price was
a special treat 

The moaning quickly turned to screaming, begging and shrieking as the current
was increased after her second knee trembler and her wet cunt conducted a more
painful, less gratifying current.

The voltage was switched off and she was left panting and distressed, then
turned back on again at a higher voltage.  Her Royal Highness commenced her
dance again, with vigour not brought on by passion.  There was no doubt that her
tortures did not want information but sadistic amusement as smoke emerged from
under her dress as her cunt lining were fried in extra virgin olive oil.  A
popping and sizzling could be heard as the wet provocative cunt was obliterated.

As the current was increased, this caused sparks to kick out from the
unfortunate Princess s blouse covered Bosom as they shorted some of the voltage
down to the metal top of the desk.

Tony was fascinated as the Diana twisted and thrashed the top half of her body
as she felt the agonising tingle start to melt the fat in her full mature tits. 
This adding to the extreme electrification of her lower body making her total
body twist and thrash about like some obscene dance designed to titillate
Emperors.  The young lady officer who had taken over operating the device being
used on the Diana heard a disembodied voice say more, more. And upped the
current until Diana slumped to the desktop as her cunt was fully fried to a
crisp.  Their fun over, Diana Princess s of Wales the Royal Whore was released
and allowed to slump against the wall.

The Princess s still looking magnificent on the outside though a little frassed. 
However, she was now a female sham, good for nothing, her cunt was burnt out and
her nipples had been singed to black knobs.  He was sure that he had left the
Princess s impregnated and wondered if the embryo had been boiled inside the
Princess s womb

Tony had to change the scenario when one officer stated to cut her breasts off
as this would have show up later.  It was then, once back in her cell that she
resumed her collision of the surrounding metal in the crashing car.

Because she was a very important player in the game, her battered body was
projected back into the crashing car just before it came to rest.  Her
disappearance was not really noticed as the car spun out of control, coming back
just in time to get her well displayed plump tits crushed to a pulp as she
impacted with the inside of the car.

For the Adulterous future Queen of England that 10 sec had lasted three weeks of
intense well deserved punishment.  Thus removing a major influence to bad
behaviour from Society the fact that Diana had died with a roasted cunt was not
picked up at the post-mortem .The fact she was pregnant was but repressed

Tony was now working on a project to punish Kylie Minogue the Australian pop
star and the American Christina Aquifer who had turned themselves into Sluts by
using their body to get fame far beyond their talents.  Their disappearance
would be covered by a horrendous fire in a theatre in which both girls
apparently died.

Kylie had set such a precedent with her groaning provocative lewd dancing and
showing her backside provocatively that 100 years in the future decent girls
were still being raped because of this wonton woman's actions.

Christina Aguiffier conduct was inexcusable.  Dancing provocatively in skimpy
clothing that left nothing to the imagination in sets that reeked of debauchery
and Promiscuous behaviour.  She had attempted to follow Kylie on the road to
celebrity fame on her notoriety as a Tart

Tony felt the punishment needs would best be served by condemning both women to
a 13-century Nunnery as a Fallen woman or Trollops.  Which looking back into the
Past, using his monitor the courts did,

That case went straightforward with both performers being sent to a very strict
convent for 10 years as Trollops.  However, Tony was surprised to see an extra
punishment added on to Miss Minogue sentence.  That she was to wear Scolds
Bridle for 3 months.

It seems the Celebrity had sworn at the Presiding Officer expecting it to have
some effect.  It did.  He branded her a Harlot and punished her justifiably for
it.  A Trollop is a provocative, forward, wayward immoral girl.  A Harlot is a
Trollop who used her sexuality to gain favour or money.  Tony agreed with the
verdict, Kylie had more sins to pay for

The object of the Bridle was to reinforce the silence code.  The reason for the
use of the obscene metal bridal on Kylie with its metal tongue was to strongly
discipline the Pop star in a very humiliating way. By stopping the Singer
uttering any noise except a grunting crock or a gurgling scream.

Tony got quite a hard on, as he saws was usual then; the sentence carried out
immediately in the courtroom.  Kylie being forced in to a chair in the court as
soon as the sentence was pronounced, her hands bound tightly behind her back. 

She had heard the extra sentence pronounced but did not realise the dreadful
nature of censure she had been sentenced to endue.  Knowing what was going to be
the outcome, the court official had already deliberately selected one that would
cause the maximum suffering and discomfort to the performer

The Usher brought over the contraption, which consisted of a beaten metal cage,
hinged at the front so as to allow it to be slipped over the Singers head. 
Approaching the horrified Singer he ordered her blond hair be chopped close to
her head and waited while the Singer screamed abuse at the Court.

Once her hair had been roughly shorn he approached the shrieking and pleading
condemned female and forced the apparatus over her head.

The once Singer, now condemned Harlot, tried desperately to stop him, dreading
even the thought, let alone the feel of being imprisoned in such a dreadful
obscenity.  Shrieking and crying her horror to the satisfaction of the watching
Courtroom Usher.

He knew that the torment from having her head caged with no relief allowed would
send the condemned slut almost mad with disappear and misery.

He would have liked to be allowed to fit a smaller cage to the singer's cunt and
then insert a live rat but it was not often usually with murderess who had
murdered their lovers, that was ordered

The Usher smirked at her as he condemned her to 3 months of living hell by
forcing the muzzle slowly and cruelly over her head thus enforcing the feeling
of claustrophobia and dread Kylie felt.  Kylie twisted and squirmed in her
chair, but she was soundly held

Once the cage was firmly over her head, her eyes peering out through the bars. 
Her nose was prodded and pulled into position so it stuck out of the small
triangle allowed for it.  Next, Her mouth was forced open to accept the large
flat spoon that held her tongue in a clip and pressed it firmly to the floor of
her mouth.  She would be able to open her mouth for food and drink but her
tongue would be frozen in her mouth

She gagged and choked as the gag was placed into position but to no avail.  With
her eyes watering and popping from her head, retching and gagging she wildly
twisted in her seat whilethe floor.

. The 16-year-olds would suffer continual rape for the duration of the Games.
About 4 days being used by anybody who was prepared to fuck a slave girl in
front of watching public then they were publicly hung ,naked by the neck in the
arena as a prelim to a gladiatorial rape of older women

The teenage prostitute had been raised from the ground screaming, pleading as
the ropes around her ankles and wrists took the strain. However, there had been
a pause while spread-eagled. A slave had ducked under the ropes holding her and
slowly pushed a glowing red-hot brass replica of a monkeys pennies into her
immoral cunt burning it completely out.

The girl went into spasms of pain and agony as the searing brass replica was
slowly inserted, hissing and bubbling as it boiled the apes cum inside,
completely destroying her main source of income

He was reminded that he had promised one depraved young Woman that she could
bring her Rochwiler along for Kylie and Christen so they could sample canine
copulation before they went to the "Days of Yore".  He had last used it on
Princess Diana to remind her how much of a Bitch she was before she was
transported.

The sight of Her Royal Highness secured, naked over a bed, her arse bright red
from a thrashing, copulating with a Dog while the Royal Whore had beseeched
begged and pleaded.  This whining started even before the Dog had actually
mounted her.

She ing with a leather belt as an introduction to the Dog found its mark for its
Canine Dick and humped her. When she felt it ejaculate inside her traitorous
cunt she let out a wailing despairing whimper. That was a sight of a lifetime
for Tony.

Leaving her in the bedroom her hand tied behind her back he had let in the large
black monster.  At first Diana had talked to the dog thinking it a pet as it
waggled its tail at the thought of getting its end away with the shaggable bit
of stuff in front of him.

The dog much to Diana's discomfort and embarrassment soon started to take a
strong ent for a long time and revelled in that thougll use to having sex with
young ladies it soon took charge of the situation by growling fiercely if Diana
as much as moved a muscle to control it 

So she was forced to sit motionless as the dog forced its head between her legs
and took its enjoyment of licking her cunt.  Wetting it ready for the coming
fucking. Diana sat motionless but aghast

 Watching through the spy hole Tony knew something that Diana did not.  That was
the dog's handler a Rampant Lesbian would soon be instructing the Hound to
"Fuck".

She left the dog to play, embarrass and shame its sexual victim for a full 15
min before the handler entered the room briskly and authoritvly

 She informed the enslaved Diana that any resistance would lead to savage
injuries being inflicted on her throat and breasts.  Consequently soon she was
commanding Diana as well as the Dog.  For maxim enjoyment the Lesbian untied
Diana's hand so that the Royal slut had no restraints except the fear of being
bitten

Tony could see the fear in her posture as she was commanded turn round and to
bend over the bed. as she did so she instincly kept her legs closed.  The Hound
took advantage of the situation and mounted her putting his great big paws up on
her Royal Highness back .Its long red penis searching out the Princess cunt.

The Princess wailed in fright and horror at what she knew was coming next .She
had copulated with many men and had enjoyed freque any Sister who felt like
Birching them. As a Bottom.  However, this was the first time she had even
reflected on having to shag a dog and stand passively bending, legs open
unfettered while it happened.  Making no move to stop it shagging her

Diana froze fearing fearsome injuries if she moved.  The Lesbian then smiled and
commanded the Princess to open her long legs but saying to the randy dog to
"Stay".

Diana opened her legs with dread knowing exactly what she was inviting . The
handler then tied the sobbing Royal's legs open, so that while she had
voluntarily spread her legs knld have to drink large quantities of male pisse
had done so, she could not change her mind. 

She then stood back, bent her head to inspect the Princesses wet cunt and leered
as she gave the command to the Hound "Fuck" which the panting Hound did with
enthusiasm.  The Princess  sobbed and wailed at the indignity and humiliation at
what she was being made to do as she felt the canine thrust its canine prick
into her and start to copulate up her adulterous cunt

 So randy was it only took about 30 sec for the Hound to fill the Royal Bitches
cunt full of doggie sperm so leaving Diana face horror frozen at what she had
just had to endure. 

Left her bound and waiting for 20 minutes before the command "Fuck "was uttered
again.  The dog which had been siting patiently immediately leap on the
trembling woman and fucked her again.  Three times the Royal Slut had to endure
a dogs Dick inseminating her before the Lesie got bored and left the room with
the dog.

Tony was still searching history for an era in which someone successfully
impregnated a female with pups but yet had not found it.

One of the things he had to do was arrange for a coach to take 12 lap dancers to
a private gathering for a Saudi Arabian Prince.

Unfortunately for the Lap Dancers they were on their way to not to a Party but
to the 3rd Century for the fall of the City that was to be renamed Alexandria.

To a city that was completely destroyed then rebuilt as new. All its citizens te
on an unfortunate Petite Teenage Prostitute he had transported while practising
her art in a Manchester.  She was a dear sweet little thing.  Now sitting in his
holding chamber nude held by the iron collar.  In with her, were a couple of
attractive 16-year-olds he had noticed smooching in doorways on a warm summers
night.  Blatantly daring passers by to complain as they enjoyed the feel of the
latest conquest fondling her tits.

The Whore who was about 15 years old, with a delightful blond adorable clear
skinned face, with big dark baby eyes and pale red lips.  Lips that would soon
be puckering up as she savoured the tang of his urine.  He expected the young
whore to vomit it up once he started to use the belt on her pert tight little
teenage arse if not before.

During the three days he had her, he concentrated on smacking the young lady's
neat pale bottom.  As he knew the slut was going to get all the fucking her cunt
could accept except she would not fancy her lover or get paid for it.  He did
tie her up each night with a dildo buzzing between her legs but left her sexual
punishment for history

He enjoyed three whole days of making the teenagers experience all his
interesting schoolgirl games but did not touch the pro's well advertised cunt,
however her back passage he filled often, and then it was off to Ancient Rome. 
To be exhibited in a very pretty but skimpy dress, but wearing no panties, being
exhibited chained to a post in the forecourt of the arena while several Drunken
Baboons attempted to have intercourse with her.  He knew that the beneath that
chaste gown the young lady bottom was deeply scared with welts

The Baboons fighting amongst themselves then the winner would approach her, hold
her waist and pull himself up in an attempt to get his Monkeys penis comfortably
into the young Blond whores cunt.  The Petite Prostitute screamed in horror and
squirmed and twisted her body as yet again one of the Baboons managed to
penetrate and fill her cunt

The other teenagers were to join her outside in the entrance to the arena. 
However, they would be taken and used by the watching men the crowd, given free
for anybody's use. By a Vote hungry Senator in an attempt gain votes.

He felt that to be forced to accept all comers was a just punishment for their
lack of public morals.  Forcing them to act as unpaid prostitutes.  Used to
relieve the pressure in their balls, as they gloated and leered at the teenager
being made to fornicate in public with a Monkey. 

During their stay at his holding house, he had made all three girls use dildos
on the others, the dildos getting bigger and bigger.  As each girl accepted a
dildo the next girl had to accept a bigger one or be placed in a box full of
insects their mouths connected to a breathing tank, their eyes in goggles. All
other orifices held open with springs.  This allowed the creepy insects to
invade any part of them arse hole, vagina, ears , nose and mouth.

 Each girl had to lie over his lap naked in turn while another girl forced a
greased dildo into her cunt while she lay passive.  Larger and larger dildos
were forced up each slut in turn until one suffered being split either open or
paid the forfeit.  Each girl praying as the took their place bending over his
lap and opening their legs that the next dildo used would be pushed in slowly
enough so as to allow their cunt to expand enough to take it.  Each girl had to
hold the dildo till he told he she could get up. As the dildos got bigger so he
made them wait with their cunt splitting longer and longer .

The petite call girl had the misfortune to lose and was left thrashing her limbs
in panic and screaming into her mask as she felt the centipedes and bugs crawl
inside her, out of the light, for one hour session in the box.  A similar time
it took her to turn two tricks in her past life.

By standing right in front of her, just as again she went into panic, as a ape
successfully managed to impale the slut on its animal dick he was able to get a
very grandstand view of the prostitute plying her trade.  As the clinging ape
humped its body up and down, the innocent,looking pretty face changed from fear
to horror, disgust and loathing as she was forced to endure an Ape fucking her.

Moreover, he had seen the Ape's achieve penetration many times and to ejaculate
up her cunt before her screaming and thrashing dislodged them, as the crowd
watched in anticipation and fascination so he was sure she would endure many,
many distressing animal copulation

After 4 hours of being fucked in public by apes it was off to the arena for the
whore be pulled apart by four bullocks till her neat  young limbs became
detached and her trunk squirmed and twitched on the floor.

. The 16-year-olds would suffer continual rape for the duration of the Games.
About 4 days being used by anybody who was prepared to fuck a slave girl in
front of watching public then they were publicly hung ,naked by the neck in the
arena as a prelim to a gladiatorial rape of older women

The teenage prostitute had been raised from the ground screaming, pleading as
the ropes around her ankles and wrists took the strain. However, there had been
a pause while spread-eagled. A slave had ducked under the ropes holding her and
slowly pushed a glowing red-hot brass replica of a monkeys pennies into her
immoral cunt burning it completely out.

The girl went into spasms of pain and agony as the searing brass replica was
slowly inserted, hissing and bubbling as it boiled the apes cum inside,
completely destroying her main source of income

He was reminded that he had promised one depraved young Woman that she could
bring her Rochwiler along for Kylie and Christen so they could sample canine
copulation before they went to the "Days of Yore".  He had last used it on
Princess Diana to remind her how much of a Bitch she was before she was
transported.

The sight of Her Royal Highness secured, naked over a bed, her arse bright red
from a thrashing, copulating with a Dog while the Royal Whore had beseeched
begged and pleaded.  This whining started even before the Dog had actually
mounted her.

She had been most distressed, wailed, and wept as the Dog found its mark for its
Canine Dick and humped her. When she felt it ejaculate inside her traitorous
cunt she let out a wailing despairing whimper. That was a sight of a lifetime
for Tony.

Leaving her in the bedroom her hand tied behind her back he had let in the large
black monster.  At first Diana had talked to the dog thinking it a pet as it
waggled its tail at the thought of getting its end away with the shaggable bit
of stuff in front of him.

The dog much to Diana's discomfort and embarrassment soon started to take a
strong sexual interest in the naked Diana. 

Being well use to having sex with young ladies it soon took charge of the
situation by growling fiercely if Diana as much as moved a muscle to control it 

So she was forced to sit motionless as the dog forced its head between her legs
and took its enjoyment of licking her cunt.  Wetting it ready for the coming
fucking. Diana sat motionless but aghast

 Watching through the spy hole Tony knew something that Diana did not.  That was
the dog's handler a Rampant Lesbian would soon be instructing the Hound to
"Fuck".

She left the dog to play, embarrass and shame its sexual victim for a full 15
min before the handler entered the room briskly and authoritvly

 She informed the enslaved Diana that any resistance would lead to savage
injuries being inflicted on her throat and breasts.  Consequently soon she was
commanding Diana as well as the Dog.  For maxim enjoyment the Lesbian untied
Diana's hand so that the Royal slut had no restraints except the fear of being
bitten

Tony could see the fear in her posture as she was commanded turn round and to
bend over the bed. as she did so she instincly kept her legs closed.  The Hound
took advantage of the situation and mounted her putting his great big paws up on
her Royal Highness back .Its long red penis searching out the Princess cunt.

The Princess wailed in fright and horror at what she knew was coming next .She
had copulated with many men and had enjoyed frequent sessions of Colonic
cleansing of her royal Bottom.  However, this was the first time she had even
reflected on having to shag a dog and stand passively bending, legs open
unfettered while it happened.  Making no move to stop it shagging her

Diana froze fearing fearsome injuries if she moved.  The Lesbian then smiled and
commanded the Princess to open her long legs but saying to the randy dog to
"Stay".

Diana opened her legs with dread knowing exactly what she was inviting . The
handler then tied the sobbing Royal's legs open, so that while she had
voluntarily spread her legs knowing the consequences of that action, once shping
as the realised why five big bulls had been led into the area to keep them
company

Tony had tagged several prominent celebrities but yet the marker button had not
glowed red showing they were his to consign to which fate he wanted

While Tony loved whipping and fucking nubile schoolgirls.  From time to time he
did fancy something a bit more experienced .It was nice to sicken and terrify
inexperienced youngsters but that was all they were.  Some entertainers, actress
and slag's from the TV and Films would provide much more fun as they had the
experience to really hate being sexually abused

One he had tried for but as yet, not got was Ulrika Jonsson the Blond Swedish
presenter

He had her down to join the Death march in Yugoslavia after the Germans had been
defeated in 1945.  The local Partisans had captured all the remaining German
army including clerks telephone operators and office staff. Moreover, set them
of noosed neck to neck to walk around the country as retribution for the
outrages the Germans had practised on the local population.

Each night the locals had organised the use of the female army office staff in
orgies of sex.

Every day they had been formed up and urged on to the next stop and orgy by a
guard using a leather strap across their bottoms and legs.  Their guards were
being changed every night so that they were still revengeful and cruel.  10,000
people were condemned to wsuffering death in appalling ways as a punishm,000
were female.  Clerks, Typist and telephone operators mostly aged 18-24.

Most died but not before they had been raped for about 20 nights continually by
any partisan who needed a fuck?  Someone who participated in the march as a
follower had arranged for all the girls to be displayed nude once at the orgy
site, lining up them for inspection by the local men every night to pick their
victim from.

The guard had said that this was more humiliating for the Army girls than
actually being fucked several times a night .He put it down to aprs he had torn
apart by wild animals.

Fire wasas sent dressed in a Captains uniform and dumped into an Army Camp about
to surrender.

Within minuets of the men busting in the door Ulrika would be taken, stripped,
and left standing naked. Her neck held in a noose, hands tied behind her back
while the younger ones were thrown onto their backs and raped in front of her. 
At 35, she was past her best.  However, as an Officer she deserved more
specialised treatment

Ulrika had claimed she had been raped by a well-known celebrity when she was a
novice Weather Presenter, wanting sex in a hotel room but stopping at the last
min once on the bed naked.  The Celebrity carried on and fucked her anyway, it
took her twelve years to complain and just as her notoriety was waning.

Now she would see what real rape was like before they came for her .To pull her
to the ground and stuff their cocks between her open legs.  So many men had
Ulrika danced with on her back in real life that Tony was sure it would hardly
effect her.

However, he was surprised to see her panic once released from the transporting
field and cower trembling under the nearest desk.  The other females horrified
at the way an officer had crumpled under fire, but not for long as they soon had
other things to think of as they were prepared for fucking.

While waiting for her turn to be brutally raped Ulrika had tried to close her
eyes and ears to the site around her, of girls being clubbed toay training
exercise.

The 10 consisted of teenmost of the men had been satisfied, some came over to
brutally abuse her, using lighted spills and candles to burn her buttocks.
Singeing her cunt making her scream, wail and dance, before she was cut lose and
forced over a table for fucking.  She had frozen from the time the men had
started scorching her genitalia, only coming out of her comatose when an
especially hot flame seared her bottom or cunt.

Once over the table, legs apart she was sodomised and fucked continually for
several hours before order was brought to the mayhem and shold Prostitute he had
found in the Plymouth arweek later.  She died crucified on a cross by the
revengeful Partisans on the 13 day of the march along with 20 other woman office
staff.  Well seasoned in the art of rape.

Another was Victoria, Posh of the Spice girls.  Surprisingly he had been refused
permission to capture her at first, although the capture light had gone red
showing that she was lascivious enough to warrant processing.  It was not till
he set it for a future date April 2005 when she had lost some of her fame and
gained more notoriety that he was able to view  her in torment

He had preliminary organised for her to be burnt a live at the stake as a Forger
of currency as soon as her status had changed.  The usual punishment for woman
counterfeiters up to 1785.  Now he could watch the pretentious Bitch cook.

At this time the men were hanged slowly by the neck until they choked to death
but the women where executed by being publicly tied to a stake in the Prison
Square.  Dressed in a virgin white gown and the kindling at her feet being set
alight.  As in the case of Christina Aguiffier, he was expecting the Linen cloth
to flare off leaving Posh totally naked but only slightly scorched and
blistered.

He had read an account of a woman who had been burnt alive and it described
fully that it actuality took someone a long time to die in a fire.  They first
lost all their skin but the flesh being wet only dried out slowly while thea
girl's cunt. With two hundred hounds to teach, all four expired within two days.
Perishing from the wounds inflicted by many frustrated Dogs.

The other eight would expire over about 10 day period as the shock of being
continually hunted once in the morning and once in the evening. Being surrounded
they soon realised that the only way to stop being savaged was to submit to the
Dogs desires. To fall to their knees and present the trim little bottoms in
supplication. Having to kneel, bottom up, presenting their cunts as a peace
offering until each Dog had ejaculated took toil on their constitution.

It had been a most enjoyable 3 days, in which he enjoyed teaching the girls the
error of their ways and punishing them in the traditional school way as well as
training them for their ordeal to come.

He did not go too much into the abominations awaiting them so as to increase
their consternation and panic when finding themselves naked in a closed paddock
with a pack of randy Dogs closing fast. He just made them assume the Ko-Toe
position at all time except when he was using appropriate school disciple on
them or stuffing them. Fucking their delicate cunts in an attempt to harden them
a little to withstand the coming ordeal.

All girls played the game of Suck the Cock and were given the appropriate no of
caning stokes for the time it took to bring him off.

By the end, most girls could suck him off in ten minutes bringing their caning
down from about 30 cuts to 10. One girl being made to suck while four others
attempted to stimulate him changing places every 2-min. All participating girls
being caned the appropriate number at the end.

Once he had despatched the girls to their Canine lovers, he was able to watch
the Ancient City girls get their cunts Doggy filled.

Unfortunately, he could not view a scene until he had entered a usable Scenario
into the machine, one that included his girls. Then he could view following
scenes for up to four hours.

Each teenage victim being tied face down over a trestle in a circle together,
their young faces looking out to the watching masses. Then their pretty young
limbs were stretched wide apart and secured and a mixture of menstruating
Bitches secretion painted on their dear little sweet cunts.

Then the Dogs who had spent a night near Bitches on heat, were released and
encouraged to mount and rape as many times as they needed to

Tony was fascinated to see that some Dogs just ran up to their victims and
plunged their pricks straight between the hysterically screaming juveniles legs.
While others circulated round as if looking for the best bit of cunt to fuck. 
The younger the girl the more it seemed she was desired.  Several
thirteen-year-olds and a 14-year-old having to endure more than fourteen
insertions and ejaculations squeal, shrieking as many came back for more.

Not that it mattered what approach the Dogs, took all the watching rabble wanted
to see was 42 refined adolescent girls, squealing, shrieking and crying as they
were being forced to participate in mass copulation in the most degrading,
revolting way possible

The teenagers having to just lay there and endure a Doggy fuck from possibly ten
randy Dogs, as one service was never enough to satisfy so randy Dogs.  Once all
were well doggy shagged the girls were beheaded and the bodies left for the Dogs
to devour

The Lap dancers were in for something different

Admiring their lithe body as they danced in the Gas Light Club in London, he had
condemned each girl to take place in a race.  That was after they had endured
several house of rampaging invading soldiers taking advantage of their charms

Each lap dancer was tied naked to a post and their genitalia covered with liquid
Pitch.  The pitch being applied with a course brush that was waggled around so
as to force the pitch deep into the lap dancers slits.

This in itself would be uncomfortable, as the corrosive mixture would sear their
skin, but when it was set alight, the girls would move.  At the end of the
course was a trough full of water.  .  Once released and with burning genitalia
the girls would race to the trough.  Only Five girls could get in it to cool
their fervour.  The other seven would die in total torment and distress as the
burning red-hot tar burnt their genitalia and they died in shock and pain from
the burns

The five who had saved themselves from too much anguish would be captured and
placed on a large table and their already severely burned cunts subjected to
rape by a full sized bull.  This would split them wide open, a split that would
ooze white Bulls cum while they died from septicaemia.  Their relief at escaping
the hot circumcision of their genitalia was soon replaced by screaming and
weeping as the realised why five big bulls had been led into the area to keep
them company

Tony had tagged several prominent celebrities but yet the marker button had not
glowed red showing they were his to consign to which fate he wanted

While Tony loved whipping and fucking nubile schoolgirls.  From time to time he
did fancy something a bit more experienced .It was nice to sicken and terrify
inexperienced youngsters but that was all they were.  Some entertainers, actress
and slag's from the TV and Films would provide much more fun as they had the
experience to really hate being sexually abused

One he had tried for but as yet, not got was Ulrika Jonsson the Blond Swedish
presenter

He had her down to join the Death march in Yugoslavia after the Germans had been
defeated in 1945.  The local Partisans had captured all the remaining German
army including clerks telephone operators and office staff. Moreover, set them
of noosed neck to neck to walk around the country as retribution for the
outrages the Germans had practised on the local population.

Each night the locals had organised the use of the female army office staff in
orgies of sex.

Every day they had been formed up and urged on to the next stop and orgy by a
guard using a leather strap across their bottoms and legs.  Their guards were
being changed every night so that they were still revengeful and cruel.  10,000
people were condemned to walk and die on the 2000-mile walk.  Of those 4,000
were female.  Clerks, Typist and telephone operators mostly aged 18-24.

Most died but not before they had been raped for about 20 nights continually by
any partisan who needed a fuck?  Someone who participated in the march as a
follower had arranged for all the girls to be displayed nude once at the orgy
site, lining up them for inspection by the local men every night to pick their
victim from.

The guard had said that this was more humiliating for the Army girls than
actually being fucked several times a night .He put it down to apprehension
being better than the act.

Ulrika was sent dressed in a Captains uniform and dumped into an Army Camp about
to surrender.

Within minuets of the men busting in the door Ulrika would be taken, stripped,
and left standing naked. Her neck held in a noose, hands tied behind her back
while the younger ones were thrown onto their backs and raped in front of her. 
At 35, she was past her best.  However, as an Officer she deserved more
specialised treatment

Ulrika had claimed she had been raped by a well-known celebrity when she was a
novice Weather Presenter, wanting sex in a hotel room but stopping at the last
min once on the bed naked.  The Celebrity carried on and fucked her anyway, it
took her twelve years to complain and just as her notoriety was waning.

Now she would see what real rape was like before they came for her .To pull her
to the ground and stuff their cocks between her open legs.  So many men had
Ulrika danced with on her back in real life that Tony was sure it would hardly
effect her.

However, he was surprised to see her panic once released from the transporting
field and cower trembling under the nearest desk.  The other females horrified
at the way an officer had crumpled under fire, but not for long as they soon had
other things to think of as they were prepared for fucking.

While waiting for her turn to be brutally raped Ulrika had tried to close her
eyes and ears to the site around her, of girls being clubbed to the floor and
being striped for action.

Once most of the men had been satisfied, some came over to brutally abuse her,
using lighted spills and candles to burn her buttocks. Singeing her cunt making
her scream, wail and dance, before she was cut lose and forced over a table for
fucking.  She had frozen from the time the men had started scorching her
genitalia, only coming out of her comatose when an especially hot flame seared
her bottom or cunt.

Once over the table, legs apart she was sodomised and fucked continually for
several hours before order was brought to the mayhem and she was transported to
the start of the March 1 week later.  She died crucified on a cross by the
revengeful Partisans on the 13 day of the march along with 20 other woman office
staff.  Well seasoned in the art of rape.

Another was Victoria, Posh of the Spice girls.  Surprisingly he had been refused
permission to capture her at first, although the capture light had gone red
showing that she was lascivious enough to warrant processing.  It was not till
he set it for a future date April 2005 when she had lost some of her fame and
gained more notoriety that he was able to view  her in torment

He had preliminary organised for her to be burnt a live at the stake as a Forger
of currency as soon as her status had changed.  The usual punishment for woman
counterfeiters up to 1785.  Now he could watch the pretentious Bitch cook.

At this time the men were hanged slowly by the neck until they choked to death
but the women where executed by being publicly tied to a stake in the Prison
Square.  Dressed in a virgin white gown and the kindling at her feet being set
alight.  As in the case of Christina Aguiffier, he was expecting the Linen cloth
to flare off leaving Posh totally naked but only slightly scorched and
blistered.

He had read an account of a woman who had been burnt alive and it described
fully that it actuality took someone a long time to die in a fire.  They first
lost all their skin but the flesh being wet only dried out slowly while they
felt their body meat literally roast in the heat.

It went on to describe the woman's agony, telling of how the woman had shook and
screamed with pain and agony as the she slowly burnt to a blackened corpse.  She
shook so much that one leg that had charred through had fallen off her intact
tormented body, well before she succumbed to unconsciousness.  Her whole lower
body was burnt to the bone before she had died.  .But this was only as the fire
settled down .At first the flames would only be hot enough to blister the skin

From the description, he realised Victoria's tits because they stuck out so much
from her body would actually first melt, ignite and burn first well before any
another interesting part of the celebrated slut was burnt.  The flame shooting
up and licking her ample Tits while she writhed and screamed in horror.  Her
slim body arching and twisting while her baby feeding kit was being consumed

He also planned to have Victoria's cunt and womb packed with gunpowder before
her entry to the execution arena.  Ensuring to the end, she would provide
entertainment for the masse.  As she seared to a burnt crisp the powder would
provide a spectacle to the watching crowd as she lost her womanhood in a spurt
of flame and sparks from her cunt, flames shooting out like a rocket going off. 
The possible consequences of this would be her belly possibly blowing out and
exploding.

Now she had registered as available due to behaving and dressing scandalously,
she was going to stand at the stake with a pole jammed up her tight little arse. 
What he had arranged to happen to Victoria, Posh Spice, Celebrity Slut in the
Dungeon before she was taken to the stake should satisfy the most evil and
depraved 16th century pervert.

 He intended make the Queen of Entertainment suffer similar perversions, as he
had dished out as punishment to the Adulteresses Diana during her 3 days
incarceration in his holding house.  Only this time using a silver plated
plastic ruler on her firm pert bum cheeks as a wake up call in the morning and
introducing her to the delights of a Doggy using her cunt for pleasure.  Urine
drinking was supposed to be beneficial to a dieting lady but possibly that did
not mean drinking anyone's as Posh  would be forced to do

Watching from the sideline, he watched Posh being brought out in the hay cart. 
Looking carefully, he could se that the woman had a slightly swollen belly under
her virgin white gown.  This being due to it being stuffed with about 2lb amount
of gunpowder.



This lady should go with a Bang

Posh looked pale and drawn as she was carried to her execution.  Tony knowing
that she had been made to service every noble personage who had enquired about
her well being?  She had also entertained the jailers by being made to
accommodate many filthy insects' rats and cockroaches in various parts of her
body including being compelled to chew and swallow Pig excrement. 

As the cart drew close to the stake the crowd surged forward to get a closer
look and a thrill at seeing someone trembling in fear at suffering a extremely
painful death .The crowed laughing and condemning her a criminal as they
sanctamonasly mocked her and delighted in her punishment.  A far cry from the
adoration she got from the teenage fans.

Once the cart had stooped the diminutive beauty was manhandled off the cart
,stumbling as she tried to balance on the wood faggots that were soon to provide
the energy to cook her alive .Due to the enormity of her crime she had been
refused strangulation before being roasted .The aurthorties wishing all to see
her suffering as a deterrent to others

At the stake one of the jailers lifted the star up and dropped the Celebrity,
show off directly down onto a precisely discretely positioned, sharpened stake. 
Victoria let out a agonising yell and struggled violently as the spike
penetrated her dress and entered her arse and impaled it deeply

The crowed roared its amusement at her distress as she was left literally siting
on the spike but, standing against the stake on the her feet hanging down, off
the ground as her hands were tied behind the stake.  Blood seeped slowly between
Victoria's legs from the wound in her bottom

To this constraint was added light brass chains as it was quite possible that
her arms would become detached either from her violent attempts to escape from
the searing heat of the flames or from the fact that the muscles of her arms
would soon be roasted and allow her arms to fall from its socket well before she
relapsed into a comatose state.

Soon the crowed was baying for the fire to be lit, as they became bored with the
sight of Posh spice standing wet eyed and crying in distress limply at the stake
held up by, as promised, a wooded post up her tight arse.

Out came the burning brand and the faggots on the outside of the pile near the
feet of the unfortunate but deserving Victoria set alight

Two types of wood were used.  One from the pine tree that due to its oil content
flared quickly and spectacularly.  The other a cherry or apple woods that when
well alight gave of enough heat literally to burn Victoria to a black powder. 
There would be no funeral for this unfortunate girl just a black sooty sludge on
the ground and a foul pork smell to mark her terrible agonising ordeal. 

The wood types were specifically chosen to increase the time it took for the
victim to burn to death and to lengthen the suffering as much as possible by not
giving out too much heat until the women being punished was a blackened ,burnt
agonised lump The authorities wanted and expected Victoria to take at least 30
minutes to scream, plead, cry, chock before she became to the fire as a
deterrent to others not to debase the Kings currency

The outside faggots at her feet spluttered into flame as a torch was pressed
into the oily wood then by some error the torch accidentally touched the flimsy
virgin white gown that Victoria was wearing.  Having no fire safety laws at that
time the gown flared, not with a lot of heat but significantly hot as to make
the slut tied to the post scream in pain and fear as the fine hairs on her body
singed and flared.

Tony was glad that Victoria had been chained with her legs closed for a change. 
If she had been in one of her many photographed poses the flare would have
ignited the powder in her cunt and she would have detonated like a rocket.  As
it was as the gown slowly burned upwards blistering the skin her pubic hair
caught alight so she was left naked, singed but with a light in her bushel.  She
attempted to relieve the agony in her pussy by writhing, squirming and
contorting her lower body.

Now the crowd not only composed of Men but including many women could se the
counterfeiter in her natural state  The men admiring her body and because denied
it looked to see its owner made to suffer .The women wanting to see a criminal
made to pay the price of shame for law braking .Tony happy to see a attractive,
publicity seeker get her come-uppance

The faggots once they had ignited sent out a clear blue flame .as this did not
contain at this stage much carbon it did not radiate a lot of heat but the
temperature of the flames was about 2000 o C  The tips of these flames reached
up and caressed Victoria's breasts but did not as yet burn her body or face

Posh Spice went into a agonised pain inducted breast flaunting exercise as she
felt the searing gases instantly char her nipples.  Nevertheless, as she was
securely tied it made no difference as the flame continued to heat up the fat in
her ample bosom

As the flames were clear blue through the heat haze the crowd could study the
effects on the poor, rich girls breast substance

As expected the clear milky white breasts blistered and popped in the heat. 
Then they drooped as the oily interior started to break down in the withering
heat.  Through her screeching and terrified crying, she was aghast as she
watched her prized tits actually split open and the melted interior drip out to
drop hissing onto the faggots.  Victoria was being milked.

 So hot was the flame though that very quickly the water in the fat dried out
and the tangible fat spluttered, caught fire, and burned with an oily smoke. 
The heat had quickly  destroyed the nerve ending in her tits so though her
breast were sending out agony in waves she could endure it, so she could only 
watch her cherished bosom burn on her chest while she prayed for death

However, this would be a long time coming.  Once the Pine wood had used up its
energy  it died down and ignited the apple wood at her feet

This licked into flame but burned hotly with the heat radiating out strongly. 
Posh Spices legs ,Pubic area and stomach absorbed most of this heat in the front
her, arse being roasted at the back  This pert chubby rump was still extremely
sore and red from being hit numerous times with a silver-coated plastic ruler
and it now sat held by a spike over a roasting red hot lame

Very soon the crowd could see and smell Victoria's rump steak cooking as it
shimmered in the hot fumes from the apple wood

Victoria had started screaming and screeching continuously Her singing teaching
allowing her hold a extra long scream so that it grated on the watching leering
vengeful crowd.  But that was a small price to pay for the delight in watching a
deliciously attractive sexy 29 year old women suffer incrutiating agonies while
they watched. 

As Tony watched, The former spice girls skin blistered off in the heat leaving
her red raw flesh on show up to her waist with blackened burning tits above. 
Her screaming had dropped to a load moaning and Wailing as she twisted and
writhed in the flame.  The natural drugs keeping her awake and dulling some of
the pain so she could still tolerate it.  Her head had been heavily greased to
protect her  proud face from too much damage her head wetted

Still her cunt had not erupted flame and would not do so for some time as the
powder had been inserted deliberately damp

 Victoria still had a long way to go before the gunpowder gave her the thrill of
her young life

As Tony walked around the cheering baying crowd he was able to see that most of
victims lower body was badly charred and that the rest of her body and her head
were going black.  Suddenly her cunt gave out a whoosh as the powder gave vent
to its gases.  Victoria was galvanised out of her pain-racked stupor and gave
rent to an unearthly scream/wail as her inner cavities were carbonised.  The
shooting flame stirred up the fire so that the heat increased considerably and
her whole torso suddenly became a burning torch.  Victoria still screamed wailed
howled in the middle of this inferno but not for long suddenly it when quiet as
her throat gave out and she expired.  Her body burning for hours as the fatty
body fluids reached combustion temperature

In the morning nothing of this proud arrogant pleasure seeking bitch would exist



As for the future, he was looking for refined classy polished youngsters who
served in fashion outlets.  They had to be; clear skinned fresh faced and
attractive in a "girl next door" way.  Obviously from the middle or upper
echelons of society and appearing to being of University type.  Must be
intelligent and pleasing to the eye in body and face but not Tarts or flaunting

He had targeted several in his forages about the many towns he visited. 
However, except for two, who had registered red on the target button, the rest
had cleared with a green.  Meaning that during their lives they would not be a
major influence in changing societies views on morality.

Tony did not believe that.  He felt that the privileged Trollops selling the
cloths carried as much responsibility for public morals as the provocative Slut
who brought them for the express purpose to inflame desires so she could gain
some advantage beyond her talents.  Therefore, he persevered tracing more.  It
would take time but the end was inevitable.  Once four more tags turned red he
would activate all and no matter were they where in the word they would appear
in his holding room.  Dazed and disorientated for several minuets, they would be
easily introduced to the misery of wearing an iron collar

They had to be Chic and Genteel for the role he had in mind.  Four refined
spoilt young adolescent ladies as concubines to the Sultan in 15-century Arabia

To be transported to a time of a Merchant vessel being overrun by a privateer
near the African coast.  Where the girls in question, would be immediately
thrown to the ground on discovery and have their virginity checked by intimate
inspection and be found wanting.  However, would be deemed to be of nobility and
suitable to be sold as concubines of the Sultan.  (Any virgins that were
included in the four he would personally deflower but in a sophisticated way so
as not destroying any illusions.  The thrilling sport with theses girls would be
watching them having to accept the unimaginable)

The Sultan liked charming sophisticated young ladies with a high Shagability
rating to fuck for several weeks and discarded.  He also liked sexually knowable
and disciplined girls who meant they fucked well and did just as they were told

Tony had transported one refined young lady Jennifer and had been so pleased
with the total shock reaction he got when she experienced the first pain of a
leather quirt hitting her bottom while being processed.  Moreover, the
expression on her face when she experienced for the first time the unbelievable
agony this could cause.

She had nearly fainted with outrage, this happening without warning.  Her arms
being grabbed and held high as she walked in to the courtyard and hauled
upwards.  Her dress then being lifted and held while the slave master walked
forward giving her just enough time to register that he was a threat before he
stuck.  The whipsman swung his whip savagely at her bare buttocks as her arms
were held above her head.

The girls face had initially registered confusion.  At the lifting of her skirt
by her escorting female entourage.  It changed from confusion, to indignity with
her pretty fresh face demanding an explanation.  When the quirt actually hit her
bum, her face went tight and her eyes first bulged wide open then popped out of
her head. Involuntarily squeezing them tightly shut as she grimaced in pain
attempting to control the pain coming from her genteel arse.

As the discipline continued overseen by the Sultans first wife she had lost all
dignity and started to beg .The gleam in the eye of the first wife meant that
this girls torment had just started.  Moreover, while she would be sophisticated
in the torture of the spoilt young brat .She would scar her mind for a long,
long time.

The two he had tagged had been working in a "Next" store and in a "Benitone"
establishment.  Not that the Brand names were important as this type of girl
could be found behind a few counter in many areas.  On a set day, those two
would find themselves chained at the throat and facing torment.  It just took
the time to search the Trollops out.

So impressed had he been by Jennifer's reaction that he planned to send six more
to the same fate

The sight of the tall elegant lass being first bewildered at her respectful but
surreal treatment.  Then having to suffer having her naked bottom receiving the
first of the many bright red weals it would need to convince her that
prostitution was a good and honourable vacation for a young lady.

The inspection of her cunt for an intact hymen had been a shock but she had put
it down to Barbarity.  She had been briefed that she was to join a Harem as a
pampered lady as she had read about in many a romantic period novel.  The
reality of being thrown to the floor as soon as the boat landed and then treated
with contempt till actually in the palace wardroom had been expected if
unpleasant.  However, where was the Dashing Arab Prince to keep her safe in his
arms?

The reality was that the Sultans wife liked to take out her spite on the sweet
young things that where going to take her place abet temporally, and arranged
that after their triumph in bed they suffered.  First, they would be passed down
the ladder of command until she was in common solders Brothel and then end her
days imprisoned in a sack with 20 or so starving rats.  To be transported to the
sea and thrown in, the weighted sack soon stopping her misery.



Two others delinquent schoolgirls he had spotted snogging with boys aged 14 and
15 he was reserving for a trip to late 19th century Russia. Where the Chief of
Police had a passion for watching and participating in the whipping of school
aged youngsters.

The Chief would roam the streets until desirable respectable girls were found
and he would then alight and arrest them on trumped up charges.  Once back at
the Police station the girls would be quite lawfully sentenced to a caning as
befitted school students, the standard six strokes.  Unlawfully the girls would
be given much more than that as extra could be given for disobeying prison
rules, then used for fornication by the authorising officer and the watching
colleges.

The girl was usually told that she had an option as a first time offender.  Bend
over, take "Six of the Best" across her knickered bottom without too much fuss,
or she could be secured over the punishment bench, and receive 25 strokes on her
bare backside.

The girl naturally chose to take six of the best.  However, it was not until she
was in the punishment room that she was told that she had to stand on two marks
on the floor and not move though out the caning.  Nor was she allowed to move
her fingers from her toes.

If she moved or attempted to stand up, that stroke she would suffer again .If
she earn't more than three extra cuts then she would receive the full 25 strokes
secured over the bench with her knickers down.

The police chief loved to see the indecision on the girl's face when offered the
choice.  Then he could then watch her struggling; teeth clenched eyes squeezed
tightly shut, desperately trying to not jurk forward as the cane bit into her
lightly covered bottom.  Very few of these unfortunate schoolgirls succeeded. 
Soon they would be struggling to come to terms with a bottom that was being
exceedingly well thrashed over the bench.

Many a girl was fooled into accepting the six of the very best offer and ended
up getting "Nine of the Best" across her knickers then enduring another 25 meaty
cuts across the bench with her knickers around her ankles.  Before feeling a
Horny Dick being forced between her legs.  Such was the pain that a lot of the
youngsters did not notice that they had been deflowered until she felt a strange
fat dick filling her cunt as the watching officers took advantage of her
predicament

Once the unfortunate girl was bending tightly over, a good punisher could get
the girl to twist violently at any time he chose.  Therefore, at the second
stroke the girl would earn an extra cut, then at the fourth and then the last. 
Usually by dropping the aim of the cane and hitting her agonisingly on the back
of the legs.  After several hours, the girls would be released with sore,
bruised, swollen buttocks to make their way home.  Daring not to complain for
fear of more punishment from their parents for getting so shamefully arrested.

He had arranged for the two teenage brats to be left in modern school uniform on
route of the passing Police chief.  That in its own would ensure their arrest
for immodesty.  With no I.D the girls would be classed as runaways and their
treatment take a different line of response.

Once bundled into the Police carriage they would be taken to a dingy grim Police
cell.  There they would be striped naked and their hands tied behind their
backs.  Under go medical examination and then be encouraged to move through the
administration area, from office to office attracting marshals to witness their
ordeal.  The encouragement would consist of a leather strap landing painfully on
their cute bare tight adolescent bottoms.

Once in the punishment cell their caning would not quite follow procedure, often
they would be caned standing while having intercourse with cronies.  The cane
whistling in to make the teenager jerk forward impaling her more deeply on her
ravisher cock.  At other times, they would be caned touching their toes in the
traditional manner.  That being deviated from when a prick entered their sweet
cunts and impregnated them

Once it was found that they had no identify these two delinquent brats, after a
long night clutching their neat, taut bottoms as that area was soundly chastised
with a school cane. Would be sold into a local brothel for use by the Gentry as
apprenticed whores.

As the Police chief used to pick up around four girls a week to abuse and did it
for years.  Tony intended to use this scene for several other girls he had in
mind

Holly Valance being one. Her videos were getting increasingly provocative and
lewd

This star from the Australian soap actress turned Pop Slag was a little old for
the role of a schoolgirl at 19 but she should definitely benefit from schoolgirl
chastisement.  The Australian Harlot could pass for a teenager especially if
sent in a short shirt and tight blouse.

Tony was looking forward to getting the trip planned so he could stand as a
spectra and watch her being urged naked around an office.  A strap whacking her
pert cute arse, propelling her on while held erect by her arms by her
tormentors. 

The whack of it landing making her thrust her cunt forward for inspection,
yelping with pain, performing an agonising dance routine and sweating from fear,
Holly's bold tits glistening in the light.  In order to attract perverts to
scrutinise her chastisement and help discipline her appropriately in the
punishment room.

Seeing her dealt with in a befitting way by a cane raising welts on her
seductive arse.  That seemed a befitting punishment for a Slut who stood and let
the video camera peer upward between her open legs towards her barely covered
cunt. 

Viewing the scene soon to unfold as Holly was made to hop from office to office
naked yelling and yelping as her rounded buttocks were walloped; he felt that
something was missing.  So he had rearranged the scene so that, Kylie's sister
Danny Minogue would be joining Holly, both being willing converts to the Kylie
style corruption. Watching again from a ghostly viewpoint, as if in the room
with them, it was much better when one girl was made to watch her coming
punishment being perpetrated on the other girl. 

First Holly was spanked naked around the office while the naked Danny stood and
waited.  The leering clerks and staff knowing she was next to undertake the lewd
ordeal.

Then in the punishment room Holly had to stand and watch Danny, attempting to
hold her bending position while her bum received the mandatory "Six of the
Best".  Once she had failed. Holly was made to bend over and touch her toes for
her futile attempt to lessen her punishment.

However Miss Valance was to be kept waiting, bent over, bottom waiting while
Danny was being secured over the punishment bench ready for multiple shagging
and extra cane strokes.

The look of apprehension and terror on Honeys face while she was made to wait
stooping, in dread for the first cane stroke to sear her bottom was a moment of
ecstasy and rapture to the watching Tony. 

Knowing that when she breached the prison rules by not standing still she was
going to be beaten again.  First, as an innovation her taut sensuous deserving
arse was caned while held in an upright position while she was shagged from the
front by a constable.

Then she joined Danny in being bent over the punishment bench face down. To have
her arse expertly beaten while her utilised cunt dribbled spunk .The guy who was
shagging Danny from the rear got his kicks watching her scream in pain while he
rammed in and out of Danny. Then both girls would get the taste of the cane
whacking their bottoms in turn the other being shagged. The strokes continuing
until the other girl's rapist orgasmed and had her cunt filled.

Both girls at one time finding them selves suspended by all limps. Spread eagle
in the air at cock height. While each volunteer from the office stood between
the sluts legs and fucked her. Rocking the stunned pop stars backwards and
forwards as he massaged his prick  in and out of their very utilised cunt

As a fitting punishment was not available in this enlightened time, after
release only Danny would be placed in a brothel, But not in that sector. She was
to be transported to the Victorian punishment Brothel in Germany to be degraded,
fucked, and punished, till disposed of, drowned in the cellar. Honey was to be
transported a subsequent era, to an age where people were more Barbaric.

Instead of the Brothel he had arranged for her to end her days by having spiked
hooks plunged into her ample tits being barbecued, legs open over an open hot
roasting pit.  She would dance as provocatively and as licentiously as she did
on her videos but for a different reason.

On arriving, her cunt would be well coated with a fiery, peppery substance that
would sear her genitals for hours before her execution as a Temptress and
Harlot.  This would make hers squirm and gyrate but not from wantonness, well
before she felt the heat of the roasting pit scorching her cunt lips, her well
beaten bottom glistening in the searing heat from the fire.

But first she was made to act out a parody of her former life in which she
teased and flirted for money. Spread-eagled naked on a bed, limbs tied to the
corners the bewildered pop star was approached by a dog with a gold coin in its
mouth. Its female handler then insisted that the shocked Miss valance perform
her art on the dog as it could pay. Urged on by the amused crowd the Dog mounted
and shagged the Pop star while holly wept, beseeched, pleaded and begged but to
no avail the dog dropped its coin on the bed and mounted and fucked the
lascivious and wanton  star

Tony was thinking of finding an accomplice with so much work a waiting him. 
However, he would have to be very careful, as many a guy would not be stable
enough to handle the work.  However, it would be nice to watch some Film Stars
being abused and videoing it for later use and sale as a fantasy movie, the
victim long dead in the past.  His work it seemed would never be done as long as
provocative behaviour, seemed to be the norm for fledgling celebrities and while
the public seemed to expect whorish behaviour so they could gloat in private at
the stars antics

However, No Longer Would It Go Unpunished.

The End

Photos of the girls mentioned in this story

Unfortunately, these will not transmit with the story




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Blackstar


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





