BDSM Library - Office Revenge




Office Revenge
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Ricardo Diablo returns large as life and twice as evil as he organizes a party one unfortunate colleague will never forget.
Office Revenge - soleil (c)

Elissa strode into Ricardo Diablo's office without knocking and seated herself
opposite his desk, her features composed in a haughty, cool expression of
disdain.

"I've got ten minutes," she announced icily. "What's on your mind?"

Diablo - ComCorp's Vice President, Sales and Marketing - ignored her for a few
moments as he finished reading a report, tucked it away in a folder, then looked
up lazily. The woman seated before him, ComCorp's Vice President, Finance and
Audit, was tall and immaculately groomed. Her poker straight, blunt-cut hair
touched lightly on slim shoulders encased in a severe black business suit, her
auburn locks streaked with gold. Expertly applied makeup subtly emphasised her
deep brown eyes and high cheekbones. But her looks were flawed by an aura of icy
superiority that was peculiar to spoilt, manipulative people used to getting
their own way. 

"You've got as long as I say you have," replied Diablo, folding his arms across
his chest and relaxing in his big leather chair, a faint smile flickering over
his chiseled, rugged features.

"I don't have time for your crap today," Elissa retorted. "The budgets are due;
I've got a million things to do." Tapping a french-polished fingernail
impatiently on the armrest, she eyed Diablo with dislike. Elissa was a woman
accustomed to getting exactly what she wanted. When she'd decided she wanted
Diablo soon after he'd joined the company, she'd slowly and deliberately set out
to seduce him. She'd played him for weeks, then suggested they meet for dinner
one Friday after work. The rage and humiliation of being stood up in one of the
city's most expensive restaurants in front of the movers and shakers of
Manhattan still hung fresh in her mind. Elissa had never forgiven him.

"What a coincidence," Diablo said. "It's the budgets I'd like to talk to you
about."

Elissa smiled spitefully. So that's what he wanted - to ask her for more money
for his pathetic new advertising campaign. She knew it was his favorite project
at the moment. Oh, how she was going to enjoy turning him down. But first she
decided to let him think she'd actually consider his request. "Let me guess,"
she drawled. "This is about the campaign? Frankly," she sighed, "I thought your
projected revenues in relation to the capital outlay were a little...optimistic.
But, if you have any new information, I'm prepared to be convinced." She settled
back in her chair smugly, waiting for his pitch.

"I'm sure I'll be very convincing," Diablo said mildly, pushing the folder he'd
been working on across his desk.

Rolling her eyes, Elissa flicked open the folder with a superior finger. Her
face paled as she read the report's heading. "How...?" she exclaimed, her
composure cracking as the words jumped off the page. Snatching the bound sheaf
of papers from the folder, she leafed through them frantically, battling to
process the information. "It's not how it looks," said Elissa frantically, her
eyes wide and panicked. "I can explain..."

"Save it," Diablo snapped. "I'm really not interested in your excuses. You've
fudged the budget figures to make me look incompetent, you've colluded with and
bribed the advertising company to sink my campaign, and you've compromised
sensitive company information in the process. All in a shallow attempt to get
back at me for seeing through your attempts to manipulate me into bed. You're so
transparent," he finished scornfully.

"I can explain!" repeated Elissa, sickening fingers of dread clutching at her
stomach.

Diablo ignored her. "Anyway, being so busy and all, I factored in the
possibility that you wouldn't have much time," Diablo continued. "That's why
I've arranged for Wallford to meet us here in...fifteen minutes," said Diablo
generously, checking his watch.

Elissa gaped at him, her horrified face devoid of color. A woman in a man's
world, she'd fought tooth and nail to get where she was. She relished her career
and the associated power and prestige. Engaged to ComCorp's Vice President,
Legal, Elissa had it all. She was a woman in control, a woman going places, and
she'd long ago set her sights set on becoming ComCorp's first woman President.
But Elissa knew when the President saw this, she'd be sacked immediately, her
career and business reputation ruined, and Robert would probably leave her. She
couldn't bear it. "You're going to tell him?" she whispered roughly, tears
pricking her eyes.

"I think so," Diablo said coldly.

Elissa quickly calculated her options, her mind racing. "Please don't," asked
Elissa quietly, her eyes beseeching him. "I'm sorry, I should have known better
than to try and pull one over on you. Can we work something out?" Please?" Her
mouth drooped sadly as she let a small, single tear roll miserably down her
face.

Diablo laughed sharply. "Crocodile tears won't work with me. I think we've
established that."

Elissa noted Diablo hadn't dismissed the possibility of working out a deal.
"Okay, no more games," promised Elissa, her voice suddenly hard and
business-like. She eyed the clock anxiously. It was ticking down the minutes;
she didn't have much time to convince him. "I mean it, Ric, I'll do whatever it
takes if we can keep this between ourselves. Come on," she coaxed. "There must
be something I can do. More money? For your campaign? You've got it. You want me
to resign? I'll do it." Elissa knew she could get another Vice Presidency at a
similar company; she really was very good at what she did. I could claim career
development as an excuse for leaving, she thought craftily. I'd still have a
shot at the Presidency. Elissa was always looking for an angle. Then she heard
the booming voice of ComCorp's President as he greeted someone in the hall
outside the office, and ice filled her veins. 

"You'll agree to do anything I want?" asked Diablo softly after long moments,
his eyes glinting like chips of blue steel.

Elissa smelled the close of a deal. "Yes," she said firmly, but her shaky voice
betrayed her desperation. Anyway, she thought, how bad could it be? She knew
Diablo wouldn't make her do anything that would put his own career at risk.

"Meet me in the executive boardroom at 7pm," he ordered. "Come alone," he warned
just as Harry Wallford, ComCorp's President entered Diablo's office. Both VPs
rose to greet him.

"Diablo, Elissa," said Wallford, shaking Diablo's hand and nodding to Elissa.
"What's going on?"

Elissa held her breath, her eyes flicking between the two men. Would Diablo tell
him?

"Elissa was just telling me about her and Robert's upcoming wedding," Diablo
lied smoothly, sliding the damning folder into his desk drawer with an easy
move. "I believe it's Rob's buck's night tonight?" he asked, turning to Elissa.

Taken by surprise, Elissa nodded in confirmation. Though it had been arranged
for weeks, in the rush of budget preparations, she'd forgotten about it.

"Will you be joining us for celebration drinks in the atrium, Harry?" asked
Diablo pleasantly, smiling at the President. "Men only, of course," he added,
glancing at Elissa.

"Be glad to!" agreed Harry, secretly pleased to have been included. He was a
man's man and he enjoyed a drink. "Just for a quick one though, I have a
previous dinner engagement tonight." The three made small talk for a few more
minutes before Wallford left, leaving Elissa and Diablo alone.

"You can go now," said Diablo, dismissing her as if she were a lowly minion.

Elissa bristled at his words and looked at him sharply, feeling she was on safer
ground now that Wallford had been and gone, and was none the wiser. "I'd like
that folder when I've done whatever it is you've got in mind," she said
frostily. 

"You're in no position to be demanding anything," replied Diablo curtly, already
buried in his work. "See you at seven."

Elissa conceded defeat, turned on an immaculate heel and left his office, her
face flaming.

Arriving in the boardroom dead on time, Elissa could hear the sounds of
laughter, clinking glasses and music drifting from the atrium as she waited
impatiently for Diablo. Long minutes passed with no sign of him. She was
suddenly thankful Rob's party was on tonight. At least she wouldn't have to
explain why she was late home from work. She checked her reflection in the large
mirror on the wall at the end of the long, polished mahogany boardroom table.
Her face was calm and cold, and bore no traces of the anxiety she felt as she
waited for Diablo. A small noise, and there he was, briefcase in hand. He closed
the door behind him, then fixed her with a steely glare.

"Strip," he instructed briefly then waited, his eyes never once leaving hers.

"I'm sorry?" Elissa in surprise, her face confused.

"You heard. Your clothes. Take them off."

"You're out of your mind," laughed Elissa, sure he was joking.

"No games, Elissa," Diablo snapped. "This is what we agreed - that you'd do
anything I want. This is what I want."

Elissa's heart raced. Diablo was a ruthless prick; she knew he meant it. Still,
she tried to talk her way out of it one last time. "Can we just..." she started,
but Diablo cut her off.

"I suggest you do what you're told immediately," he said menacingly, his fingers
tapping his briefcase. "Or, I can get Wallford in here. He's in the atrium right
now with your fiance. Your choice," he said, smiling nastily. 

Elissa swallowed nervously, her throat dry. "I'll do it," she agreed sulkily,
knowing she was beaten. She began unbuttoning her suit jacket with trembling
fingers, then slid the crisp white blouse that lay beneath from her shoulders
and draped it carefully over one of the chairs, along with her jacket. She was
toned and slim with small, yet full, breasts and long legs that tapered smoothly
from gently flared hips.

"Leave your bra and panties on," Diablo added coolly as he eyed the scraps of
silk that cupped her breasts.

Elissa smiled to herself as her hair fell like a silken curtain around her face
as she turned to place her skirt over the chair with the rest of her clothes. He
wants to fuck me! A shiver ran through her at the thought of it. Emboldened and
suddenly empowered by the realization, she faced him, a beautiful sight in
delicate white lace. In her mind, the balance of power had subtly shifted in her
favor. I knew he wanted me, she crowed silently to herself, I just knew it.
Fucking loser, thinking he's got the better of me, when all along he's been
dying to screw me. Elissa laughed silently as she gazed at the tall, powerful
man watching her like a hawk. Yeah, I'll fuck you, she thought. It'll be a small
price to pay.

"I know what's on your mind, Ric," she rasped huskily, her lips glistening, a
faint rosy flush creeping over her throat.

"I doubt it," he replied, walking across the room, laying his briefcase on the
table and unsnapping the clasps. Pulling out a soft leather hood, he handed it
to Elissa. "Put it on," he ordered. "Make sure your hair is tucked up. Then lie
face down on the table with your hands behind your back."

Elissa turned the hood over in her hands curiously. It had small eyeholes, a
nosehole and a slit for her mouth but other than that, it would completely cover
her face. He's into kink, she marveled. Who knew? Then she shrugged. It wasn't
her bag, but she could do it. Walking over to the mirror, her ass swaying
suggestively, she slid the hood over her head and adjusted her hair as he'd
instructed Elissa was still laughing inwardly with relief as she followed his
orders. Men are all the same, she thought contemptuously. They all think with
their pricks.

Diablo watched impassively as Elissa made her way to the table. The severe black
hood, harsh against the white lace of her lingerie, rendered her unrecognizable.
She lay face down on the table, shifting a little to get comfortable as her
breasts pressed against the cold, polished wood. Elissa caught sight of her
reflection in the mirror opposite; she could also see Diablo looming over her
like a predatory animal, his face hard. She clasped her hands behind her back
and lay there smirking to herself. Wait 'til the news of Diablo's kink hit the
office grapevine. She'd make sure she dropped this in the right ears, leaving
her part out of it, of course. Then, unaccustomed to the hood, she began to feel
a little claustrophobic. "Is the hood really necessary?" she asked, her voice
muffled by the leather covering her mouth.

"Indeed it is. In fact, you should thank me," Diablo said, but didn't elaborate.
Puzzling over his comment, Elissa's attention was distracted by the sounds of
him rummaging in his briefcase again. She gasped as she felt cold steel encircle
her wrists, biting into her flesh.

"Hey!" she protested, tugging against the handcuffs, her claustrophobia
momentarily forgotten. "What's going on?"

"Shut up," Diablo said grimly. "Unless, that is, you want to be gagged as well?"

"This has gone far enough," Elissa snapped, wriggling down the table in an
effort to get up. "I said I'd do what you wanted, but there is a limit to my
patience!"

"And mine," rapped Diablo, his hand cracking down on Elissa's ass with a sharp
slap. Elissa whimpered in shock, but stopped wriggling and lay there stunned.
How dare he do that? "Listen to me!" he hissed, expertly slipping a ball gag
into Elissa's mouth and bucking the straps behind her head, ignoring her
attempts to dislodge it. "You will accept your punishment, do you understand?"
Elissa's eyes rolled behind the hood in panic and she groaned into the rubber
gag in protest. Diablo's hand cracked down again, hot and hard against her
flesh. "Do you understand?" he repeated. Elissa nodded frantically, anxious to
avoid another stinging blow.

"Yes," she mumbled, her words muffled by the invasive rubber. Why didn't he just
fuck her already?

 "Good," said Diablo with satisfaction, "because you know what the consequences
will be if you don't. Okay?" Elissa again mumbled agreement through her gag.
Then, watching him in the mirror, she saw him looking through her purse. He
found her lipstick and, bending over her, scrawled something on her back. Elissa
dared not complain, but she wondered what he was doing. "I'll be back in a
moment," he said softly, standing back to admire his hooded prey, handcuffed and
gagged on the table. "Remember what you agreed," he threatened, then left the
room.

He was gone for some minutes and despite her new-found sense of power, Elissa
grew more and more panicked by the moment. She could hear faint sounds from the
buck's party drinks in the atrium and was acutely aware it would take just one
person to stray into the boardroom and she would be discovered. She supposed it
was all part of Diablo's plan, to have her cool her heels like this. We'll see
who laughs last and loudest, she thought venomously as the door opened,
heralding Diablo's return. He strode into the room followed by a group of rowdy,
drunken men, who cheered and whistled when they spotted the helpless Elissa
spread face down on the table.

Elissa's eyes widened with shocked disbelief saw the faces of some of her male
colleagues reflected in the mirror on the wall in front of her. It's the crowd
from Rob's party! she thought in horror. Diablo stood at the foot of the table,
a triumphant smile on his face. He caught Elissa's desperate eyes in the mirror
and nodded his head almost imperceptibly at her. "Gentlemen," he announced
dramatically, "may I present - tonight's entertainment! Form an orderly line, no
pushing, no shoving, she's here for a while," he added with a smirk. "Who's
first?"

The men descended on Elissa like a pack of gulls squabbling over a fry. "Look
what she's got written on her back! 'Fuck me hard'!" jeered one man as he ripped
her panties off with one swift move, his finger poking roughly between her legs.
Elissa recognized him as one of the guys who worked for her. Raucous, drunken
laughter echoed around the room. She thrashed in protest on the table, panic
rushing through her veins.

Diablo melted into the noisy, leering group, then settled quietly in a chair at
the head of the conference table just a few feet from Elissa's head to watch the
show. Meeting his cold, hard stare from behind her hooded disguise, she began to
cry silently with fear and shame as she heard the collective sounds of several
pairs of pants coming down. But she dared not move or try to scream through her
gag in case she was recognized. She groaned as the invading finger sank between
her pink, pouting pussy lips, forcing apart her dry walls.

"Shit or get off the pot," heckled another guy. "If you don't fuck her, I sure
will. Been too long since I got any!" The comment was one of the guys from the
floor below; Elissa knew his wife was pregnant. 

"I'm on it," said her tormentor, grabbing her hips and plunging his cock into
Elissa without ceremony as she writhed helplessly beneath him, her lips frozen
in a grimace. Diablo's icy blue gaze met Elissa's frantic, pleading eyes as the
man drove into her. His face was cold and expressionless as Elissa whimpered
pathetically at the force of the unwanted penetration. "Shit, she's tight!"
groaned her unknowing colleague as he fucked her hard and fast, his pants around
his ankles as his fingers dug into the soft skin of her ass. His buddies cheered
him on, stroking their own cocks in anticipation. Elissa whined piteously as he
came deep inside her and another man, this time from the legal team, took his
place immediately.

He slid in easily, his passage lubricated by the sticky seed of the man who went
before. Buried deep inside her cunt, he clasped his hands above his head like a
prize fighter, his hips rocking back and forth as he pounded into Elissa while
the men around him whooped and hollered with encouragement until he spurted
inside her with a guttural moan.

A third man, one of Diablo's managers, replaced the second, his long, thick cock
ramming against Elissa's cervix as it became an unspoken challenge to see who
could fuck her the hardest. He thrust into her brutally, his hips slamming
against her ass, screwing her with such force that he pushed her along the table
top, closer to the ever-watchful Diablo. He arched a mocking, knowing eyebrow at
Elissa as the man's thrusts drove her forward.  Through a desperate haze of pain
and humiliation, Elissa watched her colleague in the mirror as he grabbed her
hips and pulled her painfully back to him, the soft skin of her belly dragging
noisily against the wood of the conference table. She could feel his balls
slapping against her ass crack with an obscene smacking sound as he grunted
harshly then came, his thick semen pumping into her cunt.

Defiled and degraded, Elissa whimpered with distress as her fourth attacker
stepped up to the mark. It was Robert, her fiance! He penetrated her swiftly and
viciously as she wriggled frantically beneath him. "Dirty slut!" he taunted to
the cheers of approval from the rest of the men, slapping her ass as he
relentlessly screwed her battered, used pussy. Elissa sobbed into her gag as her
fiance plundered her cunt. Surely he'd realize it was her pussy he was fucking.
Would he recognize her? What would she do if he did? She groaned as his fingers
kneaded her ass roughly; he'd never fucked her like this at home. It was a side
of her fiance she'd never seen before. "Whore," he growled as he spilled hotly
inside her, pulling his spent cock from her with a sucking noise. He gave her a
final sharp slap on the ass as he stepped aside, making way for one of the guys
who worked for him.

"She's a fucking mess," he jeered drunkenly, looking at Elissa's gaping, used
pussy oozing with his boss' semen. "Think I'll fuck her mouth instead."

"You can't," Diablo said firmly. It was the first time he'd spoken since the
fucking had started. "She's gagged." Through her tears, Elissa felt a small
surge of relief. She hoped her punishment was finally over; she knew only Diablo
could bring a stop to this.

"Shit," the guy said in disgust. "I'm not fucking that. Can't we take the gag
off?" he asked hopefully.

"Why don't you fuck her ass instead?" Diablo suggested, a cruel smile playing
around his lips as he met Elissa's distressed, horrified gaze. "Nooo," she
wailed through her gag, and Diablo tapped his briefcase. On the verge of
breaking, Elissa fought an intense battle with herself as she lay helpless on
the table, her ass wobbling as she involuntarily clenched her cheeks tightly
together.

"Good call!" shouted another of the men, raising his beer in Diablo's direction
in mock salute. "Give it to her, Tom!"

Encouraged by his peers, Tom stroked his cock, then roughly spread Elissa's ass
cheeks, exposing her most private place to the group's lascivious gaze. Elissa
squeezed her eyes shut as small, frightened tears trickled down her face.
Guiding his cock towards his target, Tom probed Elissa's puckered anus
hesitantly, gaining confidence as his buddies cheered him on. Her ass was tight,
but the semen oozing from her used cunt dripped down her crack, providing a
small measure of lubrication. Elissa felt his hardness pressing insistently
against her ring, the head of her colleague's cock nudging with more and more
force until finally, with a flash of burning, searing pain, he tore into her and
began to battle his way into her rectum. Elissa mewled brokenly as he ploughed
into her, grunting as her flesh closed around him, enveloping him in a vice-like
grip. Unaccustomed to the tightness of fucking a woman's ass, he didn't last
long, though he managed a few deep thrusts before as he emptied his balls into
Elissa's bowels with a grunt. "Damn, that was good!" he sighed, lurching
drunkenly from the table.

"My turn!" crowed one of Elissa's accountants, pouncing on his unfortunate Vice
President. "I've always wanted to fuck a chick up the ass, but the women I've
dated weren't into it." He poked his cock clumsily against Elissa's ass, forcing
his way in. "Shit, that feels great," he grunted as Elissa wobbled numbly
beneath him, a humiliated, weeping mess of shame and pain. She'd never been
fucked in the ass before and to have it happen twice in the space of just a few
minutes was almost beyond her comprehension. She wailed into her gag as he
impaled her quivering ass on his cock, burying himself in her tight anal passage
until his balls met her ass cheeks. "You like it, huh?" he grunted, mistaking
her muffled cries of despair for ones of pleasure. "Nasty little bitch," he
said, ramming himself harder into aching rectum. 

"Here, man," slurred one of ComCorp's engineers, passing him a long necked beer
bottle. "Stick that in her cunt! Double penetration! Drives 'em wild," he added
with alcohol-fueled authority, nodding his head with a smirk. "Saw it in a porno
once."

"I reckon she'd love it," the accountant agreed, his cock still deep in Elissa's
ass. Elissa felt the cold glass of the bottle pressing against the wrinkled,
delicate lips of her swollen pussy and whimpered as the man fucking her ass
plunged it inside her. It was the final humiliation, a cock in her ass and a
bottle in her cunt. Diablo met Elissa's dull, hopeless stare with a long, cool
look as the men surrounding the table like pack animals laughed and cat-called
while the accountant fucked her ass with long, firm strokes. He poured himself
into her then withdrew without ceremony, leaving her ravaged ass dripping with
cum, the bottle still embedded in her cunt.

"That's it, guys," Diablo stated, rising from his chair. There were groans of
good-natured disappointment, but Elissa cried fresh tears of relief. Her
shameful ordeal was over; Diablo had called off his dogs. "The restaurant's
booked for 9pm, we'll lose the table if we're late." The group nodded at his
logic and trooped from the boardroom leaving Elissa and Diablo alone. "I'll see
you later," Diablo said menacingly, his voice low and cruel. Elissa moaned
anxiously through her gag and pulled against her cuffs, her feet kicking
uselessly as Diablo left the room and pulled the door almost closed, leaving the
used and degraded woman still hooded, gagged and cuffed on the table, semen
oozing from between her legs and tears trickling from her eyes.

Filled with wretchedness and humiliation, she lay there silently for long
minutes, all sense of dignity and superiority stripped from her by the abuse
she'd suffered at the hands of her unknowing colleagues. Then, as if from a
great distance, she suddenly heard the sound of voices. "There's no one in the
atrium," she heard a female giggle. "Perhaps they're in the boardroom? Let's go
spy on them!" Elissa felt renewed sense of panic as the sounds of the
approaching women drew closer. There was no way for her to escape, she realized.
She would be seen the moment they walked in.

There were gasps of shock as the women pushed the door open and spotted Elissa
on the table. "My god!" one of them breathed, making room for the other women to
see. In the mirror, Elissa could see the small group was led by Rachel, one of
Diablo's marketing analysts. "Who is she? What's she doing here?"

"She's got a bottle in her..." said Samantha in wonder. All of them looked at
Elissa's violated pussy, their eyes wide.

"And she's handcuffed," Victoria added, unnecessarily. They could all see that.
"What's that mask for?"

"Perhaps she doesn't want to be recognized," said Rachel coolly, her eyes
meeting Elissa's in the mirror. Elissa felt an icy fist clutch at her heart.
Everyone knew Rachel harbored a thing for Diablo, though he was always totally
professional with her. Still, Rachel was intensely loyal to him. How much did
she know? Rachel laughed softly. "She must be the stripper," she continued. "All
buck's parties have them."

"Should we take that bottle out of her...umm...you know?" asked Samantha. Elissa
gritted her teeth; they were talking about her as if she wasn't even in the
room, as if she was just a slab of meat. They wouldn't dare treat her with such
disrespect if they knew who she really was.

"I dare you!" giggled Victoria; they'd all had a few drinks after work and, at
Rachel's cheeky suggestion, had returned to the office in search of the buck's
party.

"I'll do it," decided Rachel, walking purposefully towards Elissa. "Hey - she's
got something written on her back!" she said. "Look at this!"

"Fuck me hard," Alison read, blushing as she said it. "And she's got finger
marks on her ass," she noticed, secretly aroused by the obvious traces of hard,
sustained screwing. Alison often fantasized about group sex, but would never
admit it to anyone. "Do you think they all fucked her? One after the other?" she
said with a charge of excitement. "Maybe they put it in her ass as well," she
continued, eyeing the helpless, bruised woman a little jealously.

"By the looks of it, she's been well and truly fucked from all angles," Rachel
said slyly as she grasped the bottle and withdrew it from Elissa's cunt with a
squelch. "Some strippers are more willing to meet demands than others, I
suppose. Still, I guess that's what she's paid the big bucks for." Elissa knew
then that Rachel knew. Perhaps she'd even brought the other women here on
purpose! She cringed at the thought, another wave of hopeless humiliation
washing over her.

"She smells," Victoria said delicately, wrinkling her nose. "Should we clean her
up a little?"

"Good idea!" Rachel replied, walking towards a concealed alcove that hid a
kitchenette. Dampening a cloth, she returned to the table once again and daubed
the stickiness oozing from Elissa's holes. Elissa winced in pain as Rachel
cleaned her thoroughly.

"I've never seen another woman's bits up close before," Samantha said curiously,
moving in for a closer look.

"I'm sure she doesn't care if you look," said Rachel. "In fact, you could
probably touch her as well; I'm sure she wouldn't mind. After all, it is her
job. Isn't it?" she asked, addressing Elissa for the first time, their eyes
meeting in the mirror. Elissa nodded her head mutely in defeat, her heart
sinking. There was nothing she could do, nothing she could say.

At that, Samantha, Victoria and Alison crowded closer, inspecting the Vice
President as if she were a zoo exhibit. Reaching out hesitantly, Samantha traced
a cautious finger lightly down the lips of Elissa's labia. "She's so soft, so
warm" she murmured as Elissa accepted her touch with resignation. At least she
wasn't being rough. Gaining confidence, Samantha inserted a curious finger
further between Elissa's legs, probing her gently. "She's still a bit sticky,"
she noticed. The other women watched with interest.

"You know," said Rachel eventually, "I read this book once where it described
how you could fit a whole hand in a woman's vagina."

"You think?" said Victoria in surprise as Elissa let out a violent shudder of
apprehension. She couldn't bear to think of what was coming next.

"Well, if you think about it, it makes sense," continued Rachel, ignoring
Elissa's pleading gaze as she watched her in the mirror. "I mean, a baby can
come out, so it stands to reason a fist could go in." Rachel emphasised "fist"
ever so slightly and smiled a little as Elissa reacted with a whimper. "Spread
her wider, Sam, let's see how far she stretches," encouraged Rachel with a
wicked glint in her eye.

"Okay," Samantha said gleefully, separating Elissa's puffy, pink pussy lips with
her thumbs, spreading her open so the women could see her used, tender opening.

"I think there's plenty of room in that well-fucked pussy for us," murmured
Rachel. "Shall we try? Nobody would know but us, although I'm sure whoever
organized for her to be here wouldn't mind in the least."

The women all looked at each other shiftily as they considered it, each
wondering silently who would be the one to cross the line.

"Let's do it!" Samantha said finally, emboldened by her close inspection of
Elissa's cunt. Elissa moaned in protest and tried to wriggle away from
Samantha's searching fingers and thumbs.

"Maybe she doesn't want us to," Victoria said doubtfully, eyeing the squirming
Elissa.

"Nonsense," Rachel replied briskly. "I'm sure she's just getting comfortable,
she's just making it easier for us to play with her. So thoughtful," she cooed,
tracing a finger lightly over Elissa's ass. She met Elissa's frantic eyes in the
mirror with a warning glance, her eyes flickering to Diablo's briefcase, which
still lurked dangerously at the head of the table. Elissa followed her gaze with
hopeless dread. She knew she had no choice but to watch and silently accept
Rachel's cunning manipulation of her companions.

"Well...if you're sure," Victoria said. "But who's going to do it?"

Alison thought she might want to, but didn't say so aloud. She shuffled her
feet, her eyes darting back and forth between Rachel and Elissa's pussy, her
opening still visible even though Samantha had withdrawn her fingers.

"I've got an idea," Rachel said. "How about we all measure hands? I'm sure one
of us will be a perfect fit, maybe two of us," she laughed, holding her palm up
and spreading her fingers. The other women joined in the game, holding their
palms against each other's as Elissa watched helplessly in silent, dismayed
humiliation.

"Eww, Sam, your fingers are all gooey," Victoria smirked as Samantha held her
hand against hers. Sam wriggled her fingers comically in response, her fingers
glistening with left-over traces of semen mixed with Elissa's secretions.

"I think Victoria's got the smallest hands," declared Rachel after they'd
finished the comparisons amid gales of laughter.

"Yeah, but she's got long nails," protested Alison. Elissa cringed in shame as
they argued over her. "Vicki might cut her, that's all," she added hastily, her
face reddening as the other women looked at her.

"Well, you do it, then," said Victoria. "I'll just watch, I don't mind. Anyway,
I don't want to mess my rings up, and they're hard to take off.

"It's settled, then," said Rachel with satisfaction. "Ali, I've got some hand
cream in my purse. Here, you might need it," she offered, passing it to Alison.
Alison took the tube and squeezed a generous amount onto her palm, greasing her
hands thoroughly with naked anticipation.

"Will you guys spread her legs for me?" Alison asked, approaching the table.
Victoria and Sam each grabbed one of Elissa's thighs obediently, holding the
woman firmly as Alison hesitated for a brief moment then quickly slid two slick
fingers inside Elissa's pussy.

"Easy, Ali," said Rachel softly. "Make her feel what you're doing." Rachel
watched with amusement as Elissa bucked her hips a little at the intrusion, her
eyes rolling. Although the other women didn't know, Rachel was well accustomed
to the delicious feeling of helplessness and fullness which accompanied a
well-executed fisting. But she also knew it was a humiliating experience for
someone who didn't like the idea of it, for someone who didn't like the idea of
losing control of her body.

Alison slid a third finger into Elissa's cunt. "How does it feel?" asked
Samantha, watching her friend's fingers sink deeper into the bound woman's hole.

"Warm and tight," reported Alison. "Slippery."

"Do you think you'll get your whole hand in?" Victoria asked, transfixed by the
sight before her.

"Not sure," replied Alison. "Maybe."

"Try another finger," Rachel encouraged. "You might have to force it a little,"
she added maliciously, her eyes meeting Elissa's desperate ones in the mirror.
"Vicki, Sam, spread her legs a little wider." Elissa moaned against Alison's
fingers, her cheek pressed harshly into the polished wood of the table. She felt
uncomfortably, painfully full as Alison worked a fourth finger into her,
twisting her fingers a little to gain access.

"What now?" asked Alison. "My thumb won't go in?"

"Fold it into the palm of your hand, like this," said Rachel, demonstrating.
"You might meet a bit of resistance, but push on!" she instructed cheerfully.
All the women giggled, save for Elissa, who mewled quietly as the shameful
assault continued.

Alison did as Rachel had shown her, her brow furrowed in concentration as she
pushed her hand into Elissa's pussy, slowly and deliberately. "I did it! It's
in!" she exclaimed at last as the bridge of her hand passed through Elissa's
opening and was entirely swallowed by her cunt. Elissa groaned with a low,
throaty, desperate rumble as the invading fist sank into her body.

"Oh my god!" Victoria exclaimed as she watched her friend impale Elissa on her
hand almost up to her slim wrist. "Will it go any further?"

"Can you move your hand?" asked Samantha, her eyes wide with curiosity.

"Yep," Alison confirmed, flexing her hand inside Elissa, who moaned and wriggled
a little in response.

"Rather her than me," said Victoria with a shiver of distaste, and Rachel smiled
secretly.

"We should probably go soon," cautioned Rachel. "We've been here for ages, we
don't want to get caught. I heard Elissa's working late tonight," she added
malevolently, then smirked at the Vice President as she lay humiliated and
spread on the table, a fist in her bruised cunt.

"I hope it comes out," giggled Victoria as Alison started to withdraw her hand.
Elissa moaned in pain as Alison continued, a rush of air making a rude noise as
her hand came free. The girls giggled again.

"How embarrassing," Samantha snickered. "I hate it when that happens."

"Come on, guys," said Rachel impatiently, checking her watch. "If we hurry, we
can just make last drinks at the bar downstairs." They waited as Alison washed
her hands in the little kitchenette.

"Do we just leave her here?" Samantha asked, looking at Elissa spread obscenely
on the table, her cunt still visibly stretched open by Alison's fist.

"I think so," said Rachel. "Someone's probably coming for her. We don't want to
be here when they do," she warned.

"I think these are her clothes, let's take them!" Alison suggested wickedly,
fired up by her previous actions. Elissa garbled a muffled protest through her
gag, terrified at the thought.

"Grab 'em and let's go," Victoria said, anxious to leave. "If she's still here,
maybe we should call by Elissa's office and see if she wants to join us?"

"Nah, she's probably tied up," Rachel grinned, casting a last look at the used,
humiliated Vice President in the mirror as the group turned and left the room,
chattering and giggling excitedly about their experience.

Elissa breathed a long, shaky sigh of relief as the women left. Her whole body
ached from the abuse of the past few hours and she knew she'd never be able to
look her colleagues in the eye again. I might even be pregnant, Elissa thought
miserably. None of them used protection, and I'm not on the pill! The thought
made her cry again; she was getting married in three weeks. How would she
explain it away to Rob if it happened? They always used condoms. Silent,
desperate tears of pain and humiliation coursed down her face as she lay on the
table, broken and shamed. She didn't hear Diablo enter the room, and flinched
with fright as he unlocked the cuffs imprisoning her wrists, then undid the gag
buckled behind her head. Elissa flexed her hands experimentally, then rubbed her
sore, chafed wrists. She opened and closed her mouth beneath the hood, her jaw
aching from the gag.

"Get up," he said harshly, standing before her, his arms folded across his
chest. "Take the hood off. 

Slowly, painfully, and completely and utterly fucked into submission, Elissa
flipped onto her back and sat up with her legs dangling over the edge of her
desk. It hurt to sit down; her pussy and ass were raw and tender. She slowly
pulled the hood over her head, shaking her hair loose so it fell to her
shoulders. Her eyes were puffy and swollen, her makeup smeared and smudged. She
bore no resemblance to the haughty, arrogant woman who'd marched into Diablo's
office just a few hours ago.

"I suppose you want to fuck me now as well," she said dully, her eyes tired and
hopeless.

"You've got to be kidding," he replied contemptuously. "That's best left for
your wedding night, don't you think?" Collecting his briefcase, he put away the
hood, cuffs and gag and turned to leave the room.

"Wait!" called Elissa desperately. "My clothes, they took my clothes!"

Diablo laughed. "You'll figure something out," he said coolly, walking out of
the room.

(sonsoleil@hotmail.com)




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  soleil


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





