BDSM Library - Dixie Chicks Rule




Dixie Chicks Rule
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A city girl submits to her southern born roommate.
Dixie Chicks Rule
by Couture
email: couture_writes@hotmail.com

(FF)

Please do not read if under 18 years of age or 
offended by sexually explicit stories and situations.  

(c) 2003 Couture

***********

Sharon had officially had enough.  She winced as Daisy 
changed the station on her radio without asking.  Her 
Radio!  And changed it to a country station of all 
things.

It was bad enough that the college had stuck her with 
a country hick for a roommate.   It was novel at 
first, listening to the yaw's and aint's, but the 
novelty was starting to wear off. The little bumpkin 
wore a shirt tied at her waist, showing off her large 
breasts.  She also had the matching cutoff shorts and 
boots.  The girl's blonde hair was big.  Strike that, 
it was huge.  Worst of all, was her country bumpkin 
name.  God, what was her parents thinking?  Her name 
was Daisy May Ricks.  She of course went by Daisy May.

At first, Sharon thought she could educate the girl on 
what regular people did - take her on as some sort of 
pet project.  A My Fair Lady, only Daisy was sure as 
hell was no Audry Hepborn.  Sharon couldn't even get 
the girl to speak proper English, much less learn the 
difference between her silverware.  Sharon's lowered 
her expectations to a more modest level, like getting 
Daisy to leave off her middle name . . . 

But first things first, *the goddamn country music had 
to go!*

Sharon sprung out of her twin bed and changed the 
station.

Daisy May looked over her shoulder.  "I know you 
didn't just turn the Dixie chicks off for whatever 
that shit is yer' listenin' to."

"I happened to be listening to Justin Timberlake.  A 
REAL singer."

"I don't give a damn who it was.  I'm changing it 
back."  Daisy got up, reached around Sharon and 
changed the station.

Sharon turned it back.  "It's my radio."

"Well I live here."  Daisy said, and turned it back.

"Don't touch my radio."  Sharon turned it back.  
"Anyway - your station is as stupid as your name."

"What's wrong with my name?"  Daisy's eyes flashed in 
anger.

"It comes from the Duke's of Hazard, that's what."

"I'm named after a beautiful movie star goddamnit."

"You're so stupid sometimes Daisy," Sharon said.  
"That wasn't even her real name.  It was Catherine 
something or other."

"I'm stupid huh?" Daisy said, poking Sharon in the 
chest.  "Is that right?"  The poke turned into a 
shove.

Sharon could see that things were quickly getting out 
of hand, and though the north had beaten the south, 
she didn't think she would have much of a chance in a 
physical confrontation with Daisy.  She had seen 
enough of the buxom blonde's body to know that the 
girl was strong.  The bumpkin probably worked on a 
farm or something.  

"Look, I'm sorry," Sharon said.  Feeling magnanimous 
she turned the station back to the Dixie Chicks.  
"There . . . you happy?"

"What's wrong?" Seeing her advantage, Daisy pressed 
harder, pushing Sharon away from the radio.  
"Chicken?"

"I'm not going to fight you Daisy." Sharon said, 
backing away.

"Chicken."  Daisy clucked like a chicken further 
humiliating her roommate.

Sharon slowly edged toward the exit.  "Look," she 
said.  "I said I'm not going to fight you."

"And I say you are."  And with that Daisy grabbed the 
Sharon by the front of her T-Shirt and tugged her back 
in the room.

All and all, Sharon was rather disappointed.  She had 
been in a number of fights with other girls and even a 
few boys.  She had been beaten a few times and won her 
fair share.  However, everyone, even her little sister 
had enough gumption to put up some sort fight, but 
Sharon wouldn't do it.  And when the little bitch 
started screaming for help, Daisy did the only thing 
she could think of to shut the girl up.

She sat on her face.

'My God,' Sharon thought.  'Has this girl no 
upbringing?'  She couldn't believe it.  Not in a 
million years did she ever imagine that she would end 
up in college with a country bumpkin sitting on her 
face.  How humiliating.  She tried to buck the 
stronger girl off, but Daisy held on.  Sharon's lungs 
burned for oxygen.  She turned her head to the side to 
escape the smothering presence of Daisy's cutoffs and 
weakly yelled for help, but Daisy merely pressed her 
bare feet on either side of Sharon's head.  She was 
fully immobilized beneath Daisy's denim clad ass.

Daisy felt the city girl's struggle grow weaker and 
weaker.  'This feels nice,' she thought as she 
wondered where she had felt that feeling- that rush 
before.  Yes, it was at her Dad's ranch when she was 
breaking in a new horse.  But this feeling was even 
better; there was a sense of power at having a real 
live human being beneath her that wasn't there with a 
horse.  It was . . . turning her on.

'Gotta stop,' Daisy told herself.  'This is wrong.'  
And most importantly, she could get in big trouble 
over it.  'But not just yet.'  She shifted her hips 
back and forth, riding the city girl's face.  She 
couldn't help herself.  And she didn't do it long.  
Only a few seconds, and the feeling was divine.  She 
looked down at her roommate, the young girl's legs had 
splayed open and her t-shirt had ridden up, exposing 
her panties.  An odd urge, but Daisy curiously 
wondered what lay beneath the panties.

'Stop!' Daisy shook her head to clear the dirty 
thoughts that seemed to fill it.  She couldn't afford 
to do this.  She was the first in her family to ever 
go to college.  She couldn't - wouldn't be kicked out.  
Reluctantly, she raised her ass off of Sharon's face.

Sharon gasped for breath, as Daisy's denim covered ass 
was raised off her face.  The bitch!  The horrible 
bitch had tried to kill her.  Had tried to smother 
her!  Daisy hadn't gotten all the way off Sharon; her 
ass was still poised in the air.  The narrow band off 
denim was almost swallowed by her pump ass.  And the 
crotch!  Sharon's eyes widened in disbelief.  Half of 
Daisy's sex had been exposed during the struggle and 
must have surely been pressing against her face.  
Sharon could see the brown curly hairs of her pubes - 
could make out the tell-tell traces of moisture.  

'The country bitch was getting off on my face!' Sharon 
realized.  "You are going to be SO expelled!" she 
yelled.  "Fucking pervert!"

'Goddamnit,' Daisy thought, as she lowered her ass on 
Sharon's face again to shut her up.  What was she 
going to do?  These straight-laced city people were 
nothing like the people from her hometown.  She 
couldn't get thrown out of college.  What would she 
tell her parents?  Why were people so complicated?  
Why couldn't they be more like . . . horses?

Sharon wasn't aware of it, but she should have kept 
her mouth shut.  She had no clue what was going on in 
Daisy's mind, but it dawned on her that something had 
gone very wrong when she felt a tugging on her 
panties.  Sharon couldn't breathe, much less scream.  
She was helpless as her roommate slowly yet 
methodically stripped off her panties and T-shirt.

 After Daisy stripped her roommate, she grabbed a coil 
of rope off the wall that Sharon had believed was only 
for looks.  However, just like the ponies and calves 
on Daisy's father's ranch, Sharon soon found out how 
competent her roommate was with a rope.  

"First of all, you're going to need a bit," Daisy said 
as she put a coil of rope through Sharon's mouth and 
tied it off at the back of her head.  From there, she 
made an X with the rope across around each of the 
young brunette's breasts and tied the girl's wrists up 
towards her should blades behind her back.  It was 
quite uncomfortable.  

"And finally a saddle," Daisy continued, still working 
with the rope, which she looped around Sharon's waist 
and for the final bit, pulled the end between her legs 
and tied it off in the back.  The coarse rope parted 
the lips of Sharon's sex and the cheeks of her ass.

Sharon was finally getting her strength back now that 
the deranged country bumpkin had finally quit 
smothering her with her ass.  She was in a fix, quite 
helpless, and the rope between her legs and tying her 
wrists behind her back was growing increasingly 
uncomfortable.  She wasn't sure when, but Daisy was 
going to eventually have to let her go, and when she 
did, expulsion would be the least of the bleach 
blonde's worries.

'God, I hope this works," Daisy thought to herself.  
This had gone further than she had imagined, and 
seeing her roommate so helpless and so thoroughly tied 
up was a turn on sure, but it was also quite 
frightening when she thought of the consequences.  
Well, no hope for it now, but to continue.

Daisy grabbed the end of the rope that was attached to 
Sharon's waist and pulled up.  "Up Pony."

Sharon wagged her head, trying to pull the gag from 
her mouth.  "Fuck you, I'm not a Pony," she shouted, 
but all that came out was a series of muffled grunts.  
She was helpless, and goddamn, the rope in her crotch 
was killing her.

Daisy reached in her drawer and pulled out her crop.  
She had trained many a hard-headed pony with it and 
she figured it would work for hard-headed roommates as 
well.  "Up Pony," she said quietly, pulling on the 
rope and tapping Sharon's flank with the crop.  The 
last tap was hard enough to leave a mark and as 
planned, to teach the pony that the crop could be 
painful if it needed to be.

Fuck - ouch!  Sharon was smart enough to figure out 
that if Daisy wanted her up, she was going to get up 
whether she wanted to or not.  She leaned her torso on 
the bed so she could get her legs underneath her.  
Then she stood, her green eyes flashing her hatred at 
her roommate.  

"Good Pony," Daisy said, ignoring the belligerent 
stare.  "Now trot."  She tugged the rope forward and 
lightly tapped Sharon's bottom to get the message 
across.  It worked; Sharon grudgingly walked.  

"Good Pony," Daisy said in a syrupy sweet voice.  She 
found that ponies were less afraid when you talked 
softly and sweetly to them.  Loud noises tended to 
startle them and startled ponies were difficult to 
manage.  Daisy started Sharon off at a very slow walk.  
After Sharon was walking comfortable, Sharon clicked 
her tongue prodded her on with the crop, until she 
sped to a brisk trot.  "That a girl."

Sharon tried not to think about the humiliation she 
was enduring.  Instead, she tried to picture herself 
going to see Daisy in jail.  Laughing at the little 
bitch while she cried, describing her ordeals with the 
older women.  A slight smile came to Sharon's lips, 
while she trotted, her breasts bouncing from one to 
the other.  

Sharon's concentration was broke as something new 
began to happen below.  At first the rope in her 
crotch had been painful to bear.  It wasn't so much 
painful, as it was overloading her with sensation.  It 
reminded her of the feeling she had when she was 
younger and she tried to shinny up a pole.  However, 
now the feeling was more subtle.  With every step she 
could feel the lips of her sex slide back and forth on 
the coarse rope.  And her clit, she could feel it 
engorging and contacting the rope more and more. 'Oh 
God, I'm going to cum soon!' she realized.  'Dear 
Lord, how humiliating!'

Daisy smiled to herself as she watched her roommate 
obey her commands.  The belligerent stare was gone and 
replaced by a much more subdued look of anguish.  The 
city girl-turned pony trotted for her clockwise and 
counterclockwise.  Daisy even got her to her pick her 
up her knees while she walked, which was something she 
would have had to work for weeks to get a pony to do.   
It was when she was encouraging her to pick up her 
knees that Daisy noticed something out of the 
ordinary.  At first she thought it was exhaustion or 
disobedience, but there was a looseness in Sharon's 
step and a trembling urgency in her body that wasn't 
there before.  Could it be?

"Whoa Pony."  Daisy stopped Sharon mid-stride, by 
tapping the crop against her trembling thigh.   

Sharon stopped obediently.  Sweat ran in little rivers 
down her body.  She caught the look in Daisy's eyes, 
the knowing smirk.  Did she know?  Sharon tried to 
look away, her gaze failing under Daisy's penetrating 
stare.  

Daisy caught her with the crop underneath her chin.  
"Head up Pony.  Nice and proud." she said, bringing 
Sharon's chin up.  Yet the look on the poor girl's 
face was anything but proud.  Tears ran from her eyes 
and saliva dripped from her chin.  "Such a beautiful 
pony," Sharon continued as she explored her pony's 
body with the crop.

'Please don't let her find out.  Please don't let her 
find out,' Sharon repeated to herself again and again.  
She felt the end of the crop trace a way down her chin 
and then along each breast, before flicking each 
nipple, drawing a grunt with each flick.  The crop 
moved down her belly and Sharon kept her thighs 
pressed tightly together.  'No, don't let her find 
out.  Don't let her find out.  No matter what.'

 The crop slapped against the inside of Sharon's 
thigh.  "Leg up."  

'No-no-no' Sharon repeated.  

"Pony," Daisy said more forcefully.  "Leg up."  The 
lick from the crop was harder.  "I said, leg up."

'God no.'   Sharon's hard nipples ached for attention.  
Liquid pleasure leaked from her sex, soaking her 
thighs.  She had dreamt of something like this before.  
Only in her dreams, it was a handsome man.  A rich and 
powerful stranger who was forceful, yet never hurt her 
as he made her do those forbidden things . . . dirty 
things.  Now she was really being made to do other 
forbidden things.  Yet, it wasn't a man making her do 
them, but a woman - a mere country hick.  It was 
mortifying and she could do nothing to stop it.  
Sharon blushed and raised her knee up as commanded.

"Good Pony," Daisy cooed.  She traced her crop on her 
roommate's tremulous thigh.  Watched delightfully, as 
the girls hips began to respond to the touch.  "Pony," 
she said, tapping the crop at the very top of Sharon's 
thigh.  "Leg out."

Sharon's breath quickened.  Her chest heaved.  'Can't-
can't-can't. . .' she repeated, but the crop on her 
thigh felt so good.  She wanted more.  She wanted it 
to touch her intimately.  She moved her leg out to the 
side.  'God, yes-yes-so good.'  The crop moved to her 
sex and slid over her mound.

"I don't think I have a pony after all," Daisy said 
with a smug grin and causing Sharon's hopes to rise.  
"What I have is a *pony slut*." 

Sharon closed her eyes and hung her head in defeat.  
Her big plan to get Daisy thrown out of school or even 
put in jail had been torn asunder.  No one could ever 
know about this.  No, she wouldn't tell on her 
roommate. She would just go - back home if she needed 
to.  No, she would never tell this to anyone.  

"Keep those eyes closed pony-slut."  Daisy flicked the 
crop against Sharon's breasts, causing her leg to 
fall, and her eyes to dart open.  "I mean it," Daisy 
warned.  "Eyes closed and leg up and out."

While Sharon struggled to hold her precarious 
position, Daisy opened the bottom drawer of her 
dresser where she had packed her leathers.  Her mother 
wanted her to leave them at home, but it just didn't 
feel right.  They were hers, and just like her rope 
they were a part of her.  She only reluctantly left 
her saddle.  God, she wished she had that saddle right 
now.  

The leather chaps would do for now.  Daisy stripped 
off her shorts and panties, followed by her shirt.  
She laced on her leathers and put her boots on.  
Finally she donned her well worn gloves.  

Sharon started when she felt Daisy press against her, 
spooning her from the rear.  She tried to pull away, 
but Daisy merely grabbed the rope around her crotch, 
holding her fast.

"Ugh," Sharon grunted from around the makeshift bit.  
She could feel Daisy's pubes tickling her ass, feel 
the soft breasts pressing against her back, and feel 
the silky soft gloved fingers exploring her body.  She 
despised her body for responding to this depraved 
hayseed here at school on scholarship.

"Shhh. . ." Daisy stroked her Pony's sex.  Yes, the 
girl was responding to her and pressing back against 
her.  "Good Pony-slut.  Such a pretty pony.  Such an 
obedient pony," Daisy cooed.  "Do you wanna be my 
pretty pony?"

Sharon felt the leather glove gently stroking her 
cheek.  She inhaled its dark musky scent of animals.  
She nodded her head.

"My obedient pony-slut?"  Daisy slid both her hands 
down her roommate's taunt stomach and spread the 
girl's nether lips against the rope splitting her 
crotch, drawing a sharp intake of air from dark-haired 
girl.

Sharon hesitated.  What did Daisy have in mind?  What 
would she do to her?  God, those gloves felt so good, 
even though she knew she should be trying to get away 
from the filthy things.  They had touched dirty beasts 
after all.  But, God, what they were doing to her.  
She nodded her head; yes, she would obey.

"Good pony-slut."  Daisy helped her roommate lie down 
on the bed, and then joined the prone girl, straddling 
her hips.  "I'm going to ride you now Pony."

 Daisy rode slowly, back and forth; she slid her 
crotch up and down her helpless roommate.  She bit her 
lip, staring hungrily at the prone brunette.  "Feels 
so good pony," she breathed.  Her hands traveled up 
and caressed the rope that was serving to gag her 
roommate and toyed with the knot.

"You gonna be a good pony?  You ain't gonna say 
anything if I take this off, are you?"

Sharon's eyes widened as she shook her head.

"Shhh. . ." Daisy whispered as she undid the makeshift 
gag and stroked the girl's dark hair.  "Such a good 
pony.  Such a pretty pony.  Such a pretty and obedient 
pony."  She kept stroking her hair, even as the gag 
was removed.  "I don't need a bit for a good nice pony 
like you, do I?"

Sharon shook her head no.

"Good girl.  I don't even need a bridle.  Not when I 
have your pretty pony hair."  Daisy sat back up and 
continued to ride the girl once more.  All the while, 
she twirled long dark locks of hair on either side of 
Sharon's head.  

Sharon pressed her thighs together as a thrill of 
pleasure shot through her sex.  This wasn't like her 
fantasies, but she found herself succumbing to this 
girl - this country hick.  Slowly and surely Daisy's 
blossoming and wet sex moved closer and still closer 
to her face.  And while she might not have been a man, 
the chaps, the leather gloves, and the boots Daisy 
wore in contrast to the ropes that bound Sharon 
clearly showed who the master was.

Sharon's heart beat faster as Daisy's sex drew closer.  
Could she do it?  Did she dare?

Daisy pulled on Sharon's hair, grabbing the improvised 
reins, and pulling the girl's head up and into her 
sex.  The dark-haired girl closed her eyes . . .and 
kissed.  Kissed a girl's sex for the first time.

"Good pony-slut - ah - that's a *very* good pony."

It wasn't so bad, Sharon thought.  Even when Daisy 
grew more demanding, pulled her hair so hard it hurt, 
ordering her to lick here or suck there.  The sense of 
surrender gave Sharon a rush and she actually loved 
sticking her tongue inside her roommate and tasting 
her sweet honey.  But, it didn't last long, soon Daisy 
was pulling her hair again.

"Up-up-up pony.  Come on, ah, work my clit.  Oh that's 
a pony-slut.  Ugh-oh-flutter it now.  Flutter that 
sweet pony-slut tongue.  God, that's so fucking good-
so fucking hot.  Keep going.  Ahh-I'm riding you now.  
I'm riding my pony.  My city girl pony."  The 
sensations in Daisy's sex grew stronger.  It was 
always a turn on to feel a strong animal between her 
legs, but this- this was a girl- her sophisticated 
city bred roommate in fact, in between her thighs and 
so obediently giving her pleasure.  It was enough to 
make her cum.  Make her cum like never before.  "Oh 
God, here it comes, oh you sweet pony bitch, ugh - oh 
I love you, I love riding your fucking face my 
beautiful pony-slut."  Daisy sat up rigid and cried 
out loudly as she came; riding back and forth, taking 
her pleasure from her roommate.

Sharon gasped for air when her roommate finally 
dismounted from her face.  She looked up at Daisy 
imploringly.  What a picture she was, face wet, legs 
spread wide, and sex gushing.  

"That was a wonderful ride you gave me pony," Daisy 
said with a smile.

Sharon looked down at her own needing sex.  God, how 
she needed release.  'Am I going to have to beg for 
it?' she wondered.

Daisy reached down for Sharon.

'Eat me.  Eat me,' Sharon thought, but instead she was 
being grabbed underneath her shoulders and lifted to 
her feet.

"Up you go pony-slut," Daisy said, picking up the crop 
again.

"B-but," Sharon stammered.  "What about. . ."

"Quiet pony."  Daisy said, slapping her roommate on 
her flank with the crop.  She slapped her again, this 
time lifting the cheek of her bottom.  "Gee up pony."

Sharon fumed.  She didn't want to play this game 
anymore.  She was aroused and it was her turn damn it.  
She wanted to cum.

Daisy slapped her harder on the rear.  "Gee up pony-
slut.  Gee up girl."

Reluctantly Sharon began to move, but still the crop 
slapped her bottom.  

"Gee up pony.  Faster pony.  No, don't try to get 
away, circle me pony," Daisy said.  As Sharon circled, 
Daisy encouraged with the crop to the back of her 
thighs.  "Knees up pony s-ut."  Then to the cheeks of 
her bottom.  "Swing that ass for me, city-girl-pony."

Sharon gave a whine as she struggled to obey.  Her 
feet hurt.  Her thighs burned.  The crop stung.  The 
joints of her shoulders throbbed from her elbows being 
tied behind her back.  Her breasts ached from the 
constant bouncing.  Her crotch?  Her crotch was afire 
from the constant stimulation by the rope.  The 
sensation grew until it overwhelmed the rest.  

"That a girl.  Prance for me pony slut, prance!"  
Daisy encouraged. 

"No please," Sharon begged.  "I can't."  Didn't Daisy 
realize what was happening to her?

Daisy smacked Sharon's ass with the crop, leaving a 
red mark.  "Shut up and prance pony-slut."

"But - Oh God - I'm gonna - I'm gonna. . ." Sharon 
blubbered deliriously.  "Can't - no-ugh-ugh. . ."

Daisy smacked the galloping girl's ass once again.  
"Prance you uppity city bitch - PRANCE!"

 Sharon was a thing of beauty to behold.  Her prancing 
body gleamed from a thick sheen of sweat.  Her eyes 
were on fire and danced about the room.  Her every 
movement was sweet poetry.  Her whole body was wracked 
by a huge spasm when the orgasm hit.  Daisy quickly 
caught her before she fell and guided her to the bed.  

Sharon's mind was overwhelmed by sweat sensation.  She 
was simply overwhelmed by the pleasure of it all.  She 
was oblivious when Daisy untied the rope around her 
crotch.  Nor was she aware of Daisy pleading with her 
to be quiet, or of the pillow pushed in her face.  
Even when Daisy buried two fingers in Sharon's hungry 
sex and fucked her, still she pranced, her legs 
flopping around in the bed.  

Finally, when reality returned, her legs were still 
moving slightly.  Daisy cooed in her ear, "That a 
girl.  Cum for me pony slut.  Cum all you want.  You 
ain't so uppity now are you, pony-slut?"

"Oh God," Sharon groaned, her legs finally stilling.  

Daisy brushed her soaked fingers against Sharon's 
face.  "Did the pony-slut enjoy herself?"

Sharon blushed.  How had she let this happen?  What 
would she do now?  And more importantly, what would 
Daisy do?  Despite her reservations, she reluctantly 
nodded her head.  

"It looked like my pony-slut enjoyed it a lot," Daisy 
giggled.  "And I enjoyed riding my pony too.  Oh yeah, 
I think I'm gonna ride my city-girl pony a whole bunch 
and I've got lots of tricks I'm wanna train my pony 
slut to do.  Does the pony slut wanna to learn some 
neat pony tricks?"

'I'm a person, not some kind of trained animal, not a 
. . .pony . . .slut,' Sharon's mind screamed.  But 
inside, down below, a thrill of pleasure ran through 
her.  What was wrong with her?   Why did she enjoy it 
so?  The blush spread to her exposed breasts as she 
succumbed, nodding her head once.

Daisy reached down and toyed with Sharon's pubic hair.  
"And the pony slut ain't gonna give me anymore 
problems with the radio again is she?"

Daisy grinned a smug grin, as her pony shook her head 
in agreement, spreading her legs without being asked.  
Yes, Daisy knew that Sharon was going to make a good 
pony, maybe even then best pony.  Maybe she could even 
take her pony slut home for Thanksgiving and show it 
to her sister and all her old friends.  They were 
going to be so jealous they could spit when she 
stripped the fine clothes off her refined roommate and 
have the city girl prance for them like a good little 
pony slut. She might even let her sisters have a ride 
on the pony-slut if they were lucky.  

***********


If you enjoyed this work, take a moment to email the 
author.  Your comments are their only payment.  
Pursuant to the Berne Convention, this work is 
copyright with all rights reserved by its author 
unless explicitly indicated.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Couture


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





