BDSM Library - A weekend at the Cabin




A weekend at the Cabin
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A woman goes to her cabin for the weekend only to find a stranger at the door that wants to take her for his submissive partner.. He is willing to do anything to break her will. And he does.
.A weekend at the Cabin
Chapter 1..

Friday was finally here and I was looking forward to spending some time down at
the cabin.. It was in a secluded part of ground that was around 2 hours from
home.. I had packed up the car and was heading out.  I had purchased the ground
several years prior and went down quite often to relax and enjoy the outdoors..
I would walk the woods and fish in the ponds... I love the fall.. It was my
favorite time of the year. As I pulled up beside the log cabin. I noticed it was
getting dark and  I quickly began to unpack some of the staples I had brought
with me.  The evening air was turning cold and I hurried to get inside to light
the stone fireplace.  Carrying in the wood from outside.. I enjoyed watching the
birds beginning to nest in the trees and I caught the glimpse of a few deer at
the bottom of the hill. Usually there were six or seven that had banded
together...I had planted clover and they loved to eat it and the salt licks..
I'd placed out..

I quickly lit a fire and began putting my things away.. I was enjoying the
crackling of the fire as the damp wood caught on.. I had just poured myself a
glass of wine when I heard a knock at the door.. Not expecting anyone this late
in the evening, I felt a little strange.. I never get visitors this far out in
the woods.. Never. Perhaps it was my far distant neighbor who had seen my
chimney smoke and wanted to check to see that I was all right. I slowly opened
the door against my better judgement.. I was surprised to find a gentleman with
dark hair and dark eyes staring back at me.. Can I help you sir.. I asked.. "Yes
Miss I seemed to have gotten turned around and well my car just stopped up the
road.. I was wondering if I could use your phone".  "Well its late you know..
and ummm well yes..please come in.."  Thank you.. he replied.. as he did I
noticed he turned around behind him and locked the door.. Becoming a bit uneasy
about this.. I did not hesitate to show him the phone. I also noticed that he
was carrying a rifle and he kept it with him as he walked to the phone.. I
proceeded to stoke the fire hoping for him to make the call and go.. As he began
to dial, I could not help but notice what a magnificent looking man he was.. his
deep eyes and dark hair along with his full beard made his facial features quite
striking. His jeans were pressed along with his boots and hunting jacket
certainly did him justice. As he finished his conversation he hung up the phone
and turned to me. " Well, I don't think they can get here tonight.. You wouldn't
mind If I stayed the night would you?" He said..  "Ohh I don't think that would
be a good Idea.. after all I don't know you very well and well... I think it
would be better if you left... I'll walk you out.. I need to get some more fire
wood anyway".. As I hurried to the door to begin to unlock it.. his hand met
mine on the doorknob.. taking my hand away.. He looked at me and smiled.. .. his
eyes burnt into my soul and I began to feel my face flush as he squeezed my
hand... Maybe I should rephrase that.. "Miss I will be staying the night..Now be
a good girl and go sit by the fire.. I will attend to the wood.".  Never had I
felt so taken back by a mans words.. I was shocked on one hand and surprised at
the other.. leaving the door open I felt like bolting out the door.. and when I
could no longer see him.. I quickly raced to the door. Only to find him back
blocking my path.. With his arms filled with wood he looked to much like a force
to be reckoned with. Somewhat taken off guard, I backed again to the fire. He
emptied his arms and returned to the door.. upon locking it he removed the key
ands slipped it in his shirt pocket.. He sat down and began to talk to me.. As
we talked I began to relax a little more but was uneasy that he held my keys..
He saw I had a glass of wine and looking directly at me.. he ask me to get a
glass for him.. "Of course" I said, where are my manners.. I went to the kitchen
and returned with his glass. After drinking .he said.  "Well its late Miss and I
think we need some sleep".. Oh my, in all my uneasiness. I had failed to think
of where he would sleep.  "Uhhh well.. I will bring you some blankets.. You
don't mind the couch do you?"  I giggled an  uneasy giggle.. as I went to my
bedroom to retrieve the blankets..  As I turned around from grabbing the
blankets.. I was frightened by him standing in the doorway to my bedroom. He had
removed his coat and had his shirt partially unbutton.. Umm my first thought was
of how his chest looked peeking thru the opening.. As I tried to pass him.. He
placed his arm up in the door blocking my way.." I don't think those will be
necessary miss.. as I will be staying in here with you.."  " Buttt... you can't
stay here... I must insist that you"... I was cut short by his arm leading me to
the edge of the bed. Removing the blankets.. He threw them aside.  Returning to
me.. He smiled and gently stroked my face.. Um... Your skin is so soft.. I was
blushing I know.. I didn't know what to do.. I somehow knew he would not hurt me
but then again.. I didn't know him.. his hand felt smooth and as he ventured his
hand down my neck.. I could feel my body responding differently than it had for
so long.  He gently began to unbutton my blouse.. freeing my breast as they fell
apart.. As I felt his fingers begin to roam my breast...I pulled back trying to
escape his grasp but as I looked into his eyes, I felt a strong sense of control
as he said softly, "Be a good girl for me and don't make me punish you".  I knew 
he meant those words and I was frightened by them. On one hand I felt strangely
attracted by his control.  I found myself..pressing against his hands... Ohh I
loved the touch of his fingers on my nipples.. Sensing  my uncertainty He
reached over to my dresser and pulled a silk scarf off the mirror.. Returning to
the bed he gently tied my arms above my head  to the spindle on the headboard..
Leaving me vulnerable and helpless. He reached down and kissed me softly, and
then more passionately. Pressing his lips and taking my mouth with his tongue.
His kiss left me breathless as he backed away and began to remove his shirt and
pants.  I watched as each piece of clothing was layed across the foot of the
bed.. As he lowered his pants I saw his enormous cock half erect. I surprised
myself by enjoying the erotic feeling of watching this magnificent man disrobe
before me.. As he crawled onto the bed he began to gently remove my jeans and
socks.. My shirt was unbuttoned and he gently folded back each side to have
access to my breast.. I felt my breathing become heavy.. I see by your actions
Miss, That you need to learn a lesson on your role in pleasing me.   I think it
has been a very long time since you have been fucked.  I will be teaching  you
this lesson.  I was grateful he had left my panties on.. Perhaps he had
forgotten them.. I thought.. What kind of lesson would he teach me. . "I would
suggest that you do everything I ask  if you wish to keep your virtue."  With
that he was now beside me on the bed and he reached over and began to play with
my breast...Knowing I was helpless to move with my hands tied above me he took
great pleasure in rubbing and pulling and sucking on my breasts and nipples.  He
began to get rougher with them until I whimpered and begged him to stop... He
began to concentrate on biting my nipples... one side then the other.. I moaned
as he bit them again and again I Begged him to stop.. He would have none of
this.. He continued torturing my breast. My breathing was getting heavier...
Please,, Please no more.. My nipples were screaming for him to stop yet when he
did, I wanted him.  He played with my body.. running his fingertips around my
face and hair and lips... down my stomach he roamed until he reached my bush.

He then began to gently rub the inside of my thighs and stopping just short of
my pussy lips... he kissed and nibbled and licked until I could feel myself
wanting him to touch my pussy.   With each kiss I felt myself pushing toward his
body wanting him to touch me with his lips.. He removed my moist panties and
cast them aside.  He rolled on top of me and pressed his body against mine.. His
cock was between my legs and he parted them gently as I felt his cock rubbing
against my pussy. "Your going to learn to love my cock". It was fully erect and
yet it was smooth and soft. I fought my feelings about him advancing on me this
way.. and as I tried to hold my legs together, He continued to push them apart
and trap them by his legs.. He rubbed my clit with his cock and my juices
moistened his cock. He had no trouble pushing toward my cunt.  After teasing me
at the edge with one thrust he pushed  his way in my wet pussy. Filling it to
capacity stretching my pussy to its limits he moved in and out, slowly taking in
all of the sensation of the moment. I found myself wanting him more and more..
My moans  were becoming louder and my clit was getting harder with each thrust..
I wanted him to keep thrusting his giant cock into my cunt when he rolled
over... onto his side.. He reached up and pulled my chin till I was looking  at
him eye to eye.  "Now Baby, It is your time to please me.... I am going to
release your bonds, You will make sure that you please me and do exactly as I
wish or you will be force to returned to your bonds for the night".. I was glad
to be free... Not to escape but to let my fingertips touch his body. I reached
over and gave him a passionate kiss... Deep and long... I looked in his eyes and
felt his strong presences beside me.   My fingers roamed to his nipples where I
began to flick one with my fingers and bite gently on he other.. I could feel
his breathing.  He hands rested softly on my hair. Softly stroking it and
running  his fingers in it. Softly rubbing my neck and ears.  I ventured down to
his giant cock that was waiting impatiently for me to finish what had already
been started. As I began to take his cock into my hand I could feel my pussy
juice still moist and fresh... I heard him say... "Clean your cunt juice off my
cock.. now Baby"... With that I began to lick my pussy juice off. It was sweet
to the taste and He enjoyed watching me as I willing cleaned off his cock.  I
loved to feel his cock against my lips.. and made circles on my lips with his
tip to feel his smooth skin.. I pushed it thru my lips and down deep into my
throat.. His cock filled my mouth and my jaws stretched to take him all in.  I
could tell by his fingertips on my head how much he  loved to be pleased. I
nibbled down to the base of his balls where I sucked and pulled with my lips at
the skin.. pressing my tongue, I lifted his balls and felt them against my nose
and face. His cock was rubbing against my face and eyes... Dribbles of precumm
rubbed  onto my face.. Again and again I fucked him with my  mouth...  until he
pushed me over and told me to get my ass in the air.. on all fours...I rolled
over and obeyed by assuming a submissive position. His cock was rubbing against
my clit.. and he raised it a tad and pressed it against my asshole.... "Your
mine Baby,..Your body, your mind, all mine to do with as I wish. Every hole you
have is mine... And it is my wish to fuck your virgin ass"... Noooo I thought to
myself.. I would not submit my ass to be fucked. ..." Noo"  I began to  Struggle
to move away, only to be held fast by his hands on my hips..."You will stop
struggling now or you will wish you had" . He said.  I wasn't listening.. I was
only fighting for freedom when all of a sudden I was yanked off the bed and bent
over the side... Before I could take a breath. I heard a swoosh of air and a
crack across my ass. Ohhh Ouch that stung... Another hit... I looked around and
he had his belt slashing against my ass.  They stung harshly against my ass, but
I found myself becoming wetter and wetter between my legs.  After several
swings.. I couldn't help but have tears in my eyes.  He pulled me up and kissed
me  hard on the lips.. Long and deep, "You will learn to obey me Baby, Do you
understand?",  He wiped away the tears and He returned me to my all fours
position on the bed.. I managed to catch a glimpse of his cock and how enormous
it had gotten as a result of my spanking.  Returning to my position he told me
to suck his cock and lube it with my mouth.. I obeyed and then returned.. He
thrust hard into my cunt to better get his cock wet with pussy juice and he
returned to my ass as I felt it pushing against my asshole.  I could feel the
pressure as he pushed my cheeks aside to allow for entry.. OHHHHHh I moaned..
Ohh   OPLease.. oohhh  He gently pushed thru my ass.. Ohh h it felt soo  strange
yet so good.. Ohh as he pushed deeper and deeper into my ass, I moaned and
groaned feeling as thought my tight ass would split against the enormous size of
his cock.. He was so deep inside my ass.. as he pulled out and pushed again, I
felt a warm sensation as I squealedl and moaned.  As he thrusted into my tight
ass I could feel him getting bigger and bigger... OOHHHH please finish  
please.. He could not last long because my ass was so tight that his cock had to
explode deep inside my ass.  OHHHH he moaned.. ohhh I couldn't hold back.. the
sheer intensity of the moment had made my cunt cum releasing all my juices.
Locked together for a second with his cock in my ass.. we managed to laid down
beside one another.. in total exhaustion of the moment that had just happened.
Spent and satisfied we laid there until his cock had relaxed and slipped out of
my ass. Um.. I felt so wonderful.. we drifted off to sleep. At that moment I
would never have guessed that this would be only the beginning and what I was in
for the next day. 




A weekend at the Cabin
Chapter 2.

It was early the next morning when I felt something gently stroking my hair.  I
felt a warm chest against my back an one arm resting over my stomach.. I smelt
the familiar scent of a mans fragrance.. I felt as if I was dreaming.. when I
realized I had all but forgotten what had happened the night before.  I lay in a
half dreamed state putting the pieces of the evening together..I began to feel
that desire rising up inside me.. Umm his arms felt good around me. I gently and
slowly rolled over till I was facing him.  I gently and softly kissed his
shoulder and neck.. making sure not to wake him.. I nibbled down his chest.. and
softly rubbed his nipples with my tongue. Resting to make sure I didn't wake him
I carressed his cock with my hands Kneading it in my hands hoping to rise the
sleeping beast that lay within.  It began to get hard... and as I worked with it
I could feel it waking up..My thoughts were of this man who lie beside me.  He
was unlike any man I had ever met. He had came into my life unannounced and
uninvited. In a matter a few hours he had changed me somehow.. I could feel him
stirring as his cock began to harden... It seemed as if he was struggling to
determine whether this was real or a dream.. Very softly I continued... I
ventured down to his cock. And I suckled it gently in my warm mouth.. Make sure
not to become to intense but just enough to allow him to remain in his dream
state.  It wasn't long that with a final thrust he released his load for me to
devour. I laid there for a while until I felt he was fast asleep again and began
to crawl out of bed.  Quietly I took a shower and was in the middle of fixing
some breakfast when he appeared at the door. "Good morning" I said, Did you
sleep well?"  Looking at me firmly in his eyes, He smiled and said back.. "As a
matter of fact I was very pleased." You have learnt your first lesson very
well."  "I thought I would cook breakfast for you before you have to leave."  I
said as I rustled up the eggs and headed to the table.  With an outward laugh he
walked toward me and grabbed my hair from behind... Bending my head back he
kissed me deep and long on my lips and looked again into my eyes... "I don't
think so,  Last night was the first of many lessons you will learn ..  I'm not
going anywhere and neither are you until I say you can.... Did you think I would
just allow you to push me out... You see Baby, I have been watching you for
quite some time and I have wanted you for sometime as well."  "From now on you
will be mine. I am your owner and I will make sure that You remember that at all
times."  I looked at him and said huffily.. " I will never be owned or
submissive to you or any other man.. Why the mordacity for you to suggest.". I
began to walk toward the door having forgotten that he was still the gatekeeper
having had the key.  Upon reaching the door I realized what I had done and the
trouble I was now in and I turned around to find him standing in front of me.
Trapping me in the corner he placed his hands gently on my shoulders and drew my
chin up to his... I could not look at him.. I would not look at him.. Part fear
welled up in me along with a strong desire for more of his control. "Let me set
a few of your new  responsibilities. And rules you will follow as my slave. 
Forcing me to look at him I searched his eyes to find that passion that he had
displayed the night before.  "As I mentioned last night, your body is mine.. To
have when and where I so desire. You will learn to love my touch and before you
know it you will be longing for my attention to your soft body. "  I expect you
to be attentive to my needs... placing them before your desires.. I want you as
my companion and my lover. You will only be disciplined or treated as a slave
when you have disobeyed me or you  are not as attentive as I feel you should be.
You need not fear me unless of course you provoke my wrath.. Last night was not
even a sample of how you will be dealt with. So Lest you find your self wanting
pain inflicted I suggest that you make the most of your situation. With that he
gave me a shove and pointed me to the kitchen.. " My breakfast is getting cold..
come join me and we will eat"  After breakfast he retired to the bathroom to
shower and dress. He left the door open so that he could watch me as  I cleaned
the kitchen. I could occasionally catch a glimpse of his body as he attended to
himself. and as I was finishing up he came to the door...I want you to take a
walk with me now..  Anxious to be free from the cabin walls I eagerly hurried to
prepare for our walk.  As he unlocked the door he took my hand as if he thought
I would bolt upon leaving the cabin. His hands were soft and warm and I couldn't
help but remember how they felt on my body the night before. The feeling of
complete contentment returned as he took my hand and we began to walk thru the
woods..As we walked I could smell his fragrance follow his steps.  After a while
he let go of my hand.  He began to talk about himself and before long I was
enjoying our conversation... Occasionally he would stop and take my hair in his
hands and draw me close for a kiss and pull me close to press my breast against
him. Half way thru the woods we came to an old walnut tree. As he drew me close
I could feel his pants harder than before and I felt a sense of passion in the
kiss that he gave me.  Without saying a word he guided me to my knees where he
placed my hand on his crouch... Ohh I could feel his hard cock inside his pants
and I could feel it begin to throb.. I looked up at him and as I did I
remembered what he had said about attended to his needs.. I unbuckled his belt..
and unzipped his pants... gently lowing them just enough for me to gain access
to his fully erect cock. I began to feed upon it.. I could feel my pussy and how
wet it had become. and my mind remembered how wonderful it had felt as he had
entered me the night before.. I wanted him.. I wanted to please him so that he
would take me again and  again. He began to enjoy my lips on his cock as he
guided me back and forth with his hand upon my hair..  Before I realized it I
whispered.. Ohh Take me... Please take me..  He gently moaned as he enjoyed the
feeling that I wanted him.. so..  My breathing was heavy and He could tell I was
wanting him... His passion rose.. until he unloaded  into my mouth a furious
load... which I quickly consumed... My pussy was so hungry for him.. my breast
seemed to scream out for attention... Ohh Please take me Sensing that I was
wanting him.. He reached down and  pulled me to him... he reached down and told
me to unbutton my jeans and slip them down.. I did so.. with that he reached
into his pocket and pulled out a enormous vibrator  with a remote
control.attached. "Turn around and bend over" he ordered... I reluctantly did so
fearing which hole he would be placing that in...  "Todays lesson Baby is
patience"... You will wear this back to the cabin... If I find you that you have
allowed your pussy to cum. when we get back You will be punished.. You will
learn to cum when I tell you and not before"  With that he placed the large toy
between my legs and finding my pussy lips he rammed it home.. OHHHhhh  I
moaned... He had me zip up my pants and walk in front of him as we headed back
to the cabin...  After taking around 5 steps.. he turned on the vibrator and set
it on 3.. I could feel my pussy wrapped around this vibrating toy  My pussy was
so wet.. I tried to surpress my feelings but with each step I took I could
hardly stand it... at the top of the hill He reached down and shifted it to 5..
OMG.. I knew I was not going to be able to keep from cumming much longer... I
stopped and turned around.. Pleasee.. Ohhh please .. He could tell by my
breathing that I was having trouble with this lesson. Please I can't take
this... This isn't fair.. .. I can feel it with each step I take.. Please allow
me to cum.. here.. Taking his hand.. I looked at him with begging eyes to turn
it off or let me remove it from my person... "Not an easy lesson to learn is it
Baby, My rules will not be disputed and I don't often change my mind.. Now do as
you are told and try very hard not to allow your pussy to get you into trouble." 
As an added deterrent he smiled as he set the remote to 7.. Ohhhh without taking
more than 20 more steps.. I couldn't hold back.. I stopped and fell to my knees
and moaned as if to tell the world that I had just lost the war with my pussy. I
remained sitting as if in total defeat.   Ummmmm... He smiled as he lifted me to
my feet.. "Come on little one", Lets hurry back to the cabin while I think of
what your punishment will be... Ummmm Your training today has been more than
pleasing to me... and you have served me well. Not that it will make your
sentence any liter.. LOL.. and we walked quietly back to the cabin as I waited
in anticipation to what was to come..




A Weekend at the Cabin
Chapter 3

Little was said as we walked back to the cabin.. I had failed in my attempt to
follow the simplest of instructions...To not allow my pussy to cumm.. How simple
should that be but I could not do it.. It was as if this man knew just what to
do to control my body and that he was taking great pride in the fact that He had
set me up knowing how my body would react.. I on the other hand I now awaited
his punishment.. Each step I took served as a reminder that he was in control. 
He had since turned off the vibrator but had not removed it from my pussy. I
could not help but stay in a constant state of wetness with each step I took.

The closer we came to the cabin, the more impulsive I became to turn and beg him
not to pass sentence on such a minor infraction as that I had committed. Should
I seek his compassion openly or should I stay silent and serve my sentence.  I
loved the thought that whatever the sentence might be that when it was all said
and done, I would feel his touch against my skin and his giant cock inside me. 
I would feel the ultimate satisfaction of feeding upon that luscious cock again. 
As I look back, it was against my better judgement to stay silent. 

As we entered the cabin.. He gently caught my shoulder and turned me to him...
Guiding my eyes to his.. he looked at me and reached down and gave me along
kiss..Umm so much was said in just one of his kisses...  The touch of his lips
on mine and the taking of my mouth by his tongue left me breathless and
completely willing to please him at all cost. He was right about one thing.. I
was beginning to love the touch of his lips to mine, the strength behind his
arms as he pulls me close to him... the feel of his hand upon my hair...Stroking
it as he presses his lips to mine..Umm perhaps he would let my behavior slide...
I wanted him to touch me... but my desire was cut short by a nudge on the chin
bringing me back to reality and to his eyes looking straight into mine.. "It is
time for you to begin your sentence Baby".... Did you think I would forget"... I
knew by his eyes that he would take enjoyment from whatever he was about to
do... and I also knew that I would not without at least some discomfort.

Leading me into the bedroom.. He laid back on the bed and said.." Leave the door
open to the shower and remove your close one piece at a time... You may remove
your toy once you are in the shower.. Make sure you wash your pussy good and
clean as I will need to start anew for your discipline.. I will enjoy watching
you as you shower and return to me.. With that I left him knowing he would be
watching my every move.. Fearing that I would be in more trouble I hastened to
he shower and slowly began to unbutton my blouse... As I did so.. I could feel
my breasts fall in freedom...Knowing  my master was watching. I could almost
feel his eyes upon my breasts as they fell from the blouse.. And the chill in
the air almost immediately caused my nipples to stiffen.. Removing my Pants and
socks and shoes, I left myself in my panties as I reached up and turned on the
water to the shower... Glancing over my shoulder I caught a glimpse of him
laying there intensely watching each move I made.. I could not help but feel his
eyes on my body as if he was examining every curve of my form.  As a last
measure I reached down and let my panties fall to the floor,  As I did, I
stepped into the shower.. Letting the water hit my breasts and stomach I could
feel my breast reacting to the pounding of the water on them.. I reached up and
removed my vibrator and washed my juices away... A little angry at my pussy for
haven gotten me into this trouble in the first place I took an extra measure to
ensure it was clean and dry as I toweled off and returned to the bedroom..

I was surprised to see a number of shall I say items laid out on the bed...I
gasped as I struggled to take them in.. "Ohhh please... Nooo you can't be
serious." I said as my breathing picked up from what I saw.."  Smiling he said,
"I can assure you Babe, Before this weekend is over you will know more about
your body and who owns it than you have ever known. .. Now step over here and
let us begin."  Reaching over he picked up the black leather corset  and began
to place it around me.. turning me around he began to pull the laces.. Tighter
and tighter until I could feel the pressure against my waist... Uhhh each pull
made it increasing harder to breath."Ohh I hope he stops... its soo tight" I
thought to myself as he finished up by tying  the laces...

The corset was very confining around my waist and it accentuated my breast by
pressing them up and over the top of the corset.. Although very tight, I found
as my body began to sweat beneath the leather and I surprised myself by letting
myself enjoy the feel of the strict control of my body and as I saw myself in
the dresser, I felt strangely erotic about my own body.. "Umm very nice" he said
as he step back to admire his handiwork.. " But it is so tight", I can barely
breath"... "You will learn to enjoy the feel" " And perhaps if you please me,
Later I will loosen the laces just a bit".. With that he picked up the cuffs and
places them around my wrists...Attached to the cuffs is a small chain that he 
attached the other end to the spindle on the headboard.. Having stretched my
arms so I am left only to lean over the foot board with my ass high in the air..

" I should have struggled I thought to myself.. I do not like being in this
position.. But before I could make a fuss.. I find that my ankles are secured to
the foot posts of the bed.. Now I am fully exposed with my ass in the air and my
legs spread wide..  "Please.. Please.. Don't do this.. I will try to control my
pussy the next time.. I promise"... Won't you let me go" Please.. I said with a
shortness of breath due to the tight corset.. Bending over had certainly caused
my waist to be strained.. ".. I knew my white ass stood out and up against the
dark corset and as he finished securing my ankles he gently caressed my ass as
he pressed against it to see if his cock was aligned with my ass.. Grabbing my
hips he let me know that it was perfectly aligned and that he was hard under his
jeans as he pressed..

Returning to the side of the bed.. I saw him reach onto the bed and pick up the
pair of nipple clips that had been one of the item.. " OHH  Please Noo.. "  I
yelled as he clamped each one one my already stiffened nipples.  "Ouchhh" I
could feel me fighting to breath to accommodate the pressure and pain to my poor
tortured nipples.."  I could feel him moving behind me as I struggled against my
bonds trying to free myself of the clamps.. He proceeded to step into view and
he seemed to enjoy watching me struggle as he removed his shirt and pants... I
could see his cock as  he slipped down his briefs.. I again noticed what a
wonderful looking man he was... and although my nipples were screaming to be
released from their bonds.. I could feel myself getting wet... as I struggle for
freedom.  He picked  up the leather crop and gently ran it across my ass... It
felt so smooth.. He teased me with it by running it down my crack.. and up my
inner thighs.. The anticipation of not knowing what you would do with it made my
discomfort more pronounced... As he ran it down my crack and across my pussy
lips I felt it pick up my juices and I saw his expression as he examined the end
of the crop.. "Ummm  I see you haven't learned to control that pussy yet have
you?"  With that I felt the crop whip down across  my ass.. "Ohh Uhhgg" I moaned
as I could feel the heat of my skin rising... Another hit. And I could barely
breath as I tried to take in the pain of the blow..

"Perhaps you shall remember this the next time you are told what to do.."
Another and another hit as I struggled to free myself.. I felt myself getting
very hot... my face my body... I could feel a small sweat as it covered my
body... My ass was on fire...I could feel the tears swelling up as I became
angry that I could not free myself... How dare this man do this to me... I would
not allow it..

"Stop struggling little one."  He said.. It will only make things worse... "Be a
good girl and enjoy your punishment.."   "Learn to enjoy your training.".. With
those  words I felt totally consumed by the power this man held over me..
Realizing that had no control over my pussy or my body.. I tried to relax and
with each blow.. although intense at least,  I began to feel a erotic sense of
pleasure in the spanking I was receiving.. After several blows I literally
melted on the bed as my attention was lead to my breasts and now burning ass.. I
wanted him to rub it.. I hurt so bad.. but he would not fancy that pleasure. And
I was left to rest there and reflect on my inappropriate behavior..

It was somewhere in the erotic sensation that I found myself wanting to again
please him.. I watched as his huge cock now stood beside me.. " Let see how you
please me by sucking my cock.."  Have you forgotten how to please me"... With
that he reached up and released my arms from the head board.. Allowing me more
freedom but still just enough to make my arms and hand mobile as my legs were
still shackled.. He then crawled on the bed facing me and kneeled.. His cock was
just within my reach as he began to fondle his cock by stroking it... I reached
to take hold.. "No... You must watch and not touch"... With that I watched as he
touched his head and ran his fingers down his shaft... I remember how good it
had felt in my hands and on my lips... and as  watch him caress his balls I
thought how wonderful they had tasted as I devoured them in my mouth...

.He was teasing me and it was most effective.. watching his fingertips touch
that massive cock made me want it for my own pleasure.. and before realizing it
I was breathing heavily and moaning softly.. " Please.. Umm May I have some.
Master.. Please.."  I love to suck your cock... I want to please you".. With
that he moved up just enough to allow me to take it in my hands and kiss his
chest... He enjoyed watching me balance myself as I reached for his cock and
nibbled on his chest... He enjoyed seeing my vulnerability and knew how I wanted
him as he allowed me to feed upon his cock .  Eager to please and not have it
taken away, I quickly began to massage the head with my lips.. Ohh how I loved
to feel its softness against my lips.. and its warmth against my hands... The
throbbing of the blood within made each lick all the more sensual... As I wet
down his cock.. I could feel my pussy needing attention.. My ass still felt the
whelps which would remain for several hours.. Determined not to allow my pussy
to get me into further trouble.. I concentrated on the pure enjoyment of sucking
his magnificent cock..  Ummm I could spend my life enjoying the feel of this man
against my lips.. Venturing down I licked and caressed his balls which were
tight against his body yet heavy with a full load which I hoped I would share..

I could feel his pleasure as he took my hair and stroked it as I sucked.  His
soft moans told me that He was enjoying me as much as I enjoyed him.  Tiring of
kneeling he positioned himself under me as I remained over the foot board but
comfortably resting as I continued to enjoy this man.. I could feel him getting
harder and harder as It was increasing harder to take him all in.. "You must
learn to take me deep into your throat" he said softly and with that he pulled
my head further onto his bulging cock.. I must admit.. It was hard to catch a
breath the tightness of my corset along with this massive cock made air a
welcomed commodity..

After several minutes of  being afforded the erotic treat of his cock..I enjoyed
all it provided.  Ummm wanting to prolong his cock.. He gently pushed me away as
he got off the bed and came up behind me.. Gently venturing his hand up my inner
thighs he reached my now wet pussy and he rubbed my clit back and forth.. It was
swollen and very sensitive.. having been caught in the crossfire of the  riding
crop upon my ass.. It was sensitive to the touch and as he rubbed it with his
fingers my legs began to quiver and I again found my self struggling to move
away from his touch.. not because I didn't enjoy it.. Oh on the contrare.. It
was driving me crazy and I was going to cumm if I couldn't get away... Knowing
this he gently stopped and picked up an enormous dildo that had been one of the
items on the bed.. Placing it between my pussy lips he weighted me down with one
hand as he began to rub it against  my pussy.. "Ohhhh " I moaned as I parted to
feel this enormous object.. Once inserted he moved it in and out to further lube
my pussy.. Ohhh that felt so good.. Not as good as his cock inside me but it
filled me to capacity... With each push and pull he ventured my juices up to my
ass   that was up to now untouched for this day.. Upon inserting it deep into my
pussy, he began to finger my ass... "Ohh Nooo Please You must'n fill my ass with
my pussy full".. I moaned... " Oh yess baby... That is precisely what I intend
to do"... with that he pushed my ass cheeks aside as he place the head of his
cock against my ass.. Ohhh I could feel the pressure against my ass and the
large dildo in my pussy... "Ohhh Ppleasee Noooooooooo"  it was too late.. he had
entered his head into my tight ass... I felt as if I would split apart.. My
pussy and ass were being taken and I was beginning to enjoy it.. as he took his
time and pressed deeper and deeper into my ass.. I tried to catch a breath to
relax and accommodate this massive cock ... Ummm I could tell by his grunt that
he tooo enjoyed taking my ass as it locked around his shaft.. In and out...
thrusting in and out and with each push  I could feel the large toy moving
inside my cunt... Oooohhhh.. As his cock swelled even more from the pressure.. I
thought I would burst... I could feel myself peeking and was just about to cummm
as he unloaded his cock from my ass and wiped himself off..he released my ankles
and drew me onto the bed... Placing my hands above me still cuffed he gently
flicked at my clamped nipples.. Ohhhh my pussy quivered with each flick... and
he removed the clips from my nipples.. OHHHH MGGG The blood rushing back to my
poor nipples made them scream in pain again as he began to suck on each on..
biting and teasing.. It seemed as though my nipples and clit were singing the
same song.. and as he nibbled I could feel myself releasing more hot
juices..Soon any pain was replaced with the erotic feel of his lips on my
breast... I could feel his cock pressing against my leg and he returned above me
feeding me his cock.. deeper and deeper he thrust.. and as he did he unloaded an
enormous load of hot cumm into my mouth.. so much that I could not contain it
all... and if seeped out and ran down a cheek.. Ummm I devoured every drop.. He
was exhausted and he lay to one side. Placing his body around mine. I too was
totally wiped out... As we drifted off to sleep. I remembered what he had
said... That I would learn to enjoy his attention and.. I realized that I did
indeed..




A Weekend at the Cabin
Chapter 4.


It was Late Sunday morning when I awoke from a very deep sleep. As I opened my
eyes I realized that I was alone... I must have been so totally exhausted from
my lesson the evening before. I looked around and for the first time I was
hopeful that I might be able to leave without being stopped.  I quickly dressed,
throwing on my jeans and a top.. I slipped on my shoes and quietly made my way
to the door. Stopping just a second to take a deep breath, I gently placed my
hand on the door knob and began to turn it.. "Oh Please let it be open... Please
Please.". I kept saying to myself. And to my surprise it was.. My moment of
freedom had come at last.. I was teetering on being frightened and taking the
chance of  leaving or staying and enduring more lessons.  I must admit the
lessons were becoming increasingly easier to take and I was enjoying the feel of
having my body answer to another. Making a judgement call I quickly opened the
door and walked out of the cabin.

As I quickly made my way to my car, I anxiously started to open the door when I
heard a voice from around the front porch... Startled I looked up to see him
setting in the porch swing...."Good morning Babe"... He didn't even rise from
the swing.. He just looked into my eyes and smiled... "How is my little one this
morning?" "Uhhh oh.."  Damn I could feel my legs start to tremble.."My eyes
searched his eyes to try and read what he was thinking.. "Umm thinking fast I
laughed a little laugh and hoping he would let it pass I said rather lightly..
"Ohhh I just thought I would go into town for a few more groceries for us.  I'm
so hungry and I didn't think you would mind.." I continued. ...   "Really". He
said. As he laughed a little. "Haven't you forgotten one very important Rule?" 
"Perhaps you weren't paying attention". "Perhaps we need to go over the rules
again".. "Come sit by me and swing a while".. His eyes looked straight at me and
I could feel them calling me to him.. I could break and run... but then again I
was in enough trouble already and I knew it. .. It would serve me better to act
as if what I had said was the truth.   I slowly walked to the swing and sat down
beside him.. Reaching up he gently played with my hair and ran his fingers down
my shoulders.  Smiling at him I softly said.. "Please Master.. I thought you had
gone." Placing his finger on my lips as if to say be still he  drew me close to
him and said.." What is one of my very important rules Babe?" I could feel a
tear form in my eyes as I bowed my head.  " Not to leave your presents without
your permission".. I said.. "Ummmm Very Good"... and what is another important
rule.."Never to lie to you Master".... "Excellent.". "Now you have failed on
both counts, Haven't you?.... Now go into the bedroom and remove your clothes"  
My eyes wandered up to his eyes as I rose from the swing and began walking back
into the cabin. He watched as I did so and he remained in the swing for a few
minutes..

As I reluctantly entered the door to the cabin.. My mind wondered about what he
would do.. Somehow the level of fear that I had felt in the past was quiet for
the moment.  As I removed my clothes and set at the edge of the bed.. I knew he
knew exactly what he was doing in making me wait for him.  It seemed the more I
waited the more I wanted him.  "So I was bad"  "I hadn't actually left yet.. " 
"How much trouble could I be in anyway?"  I thought to myself. Just as I was
about to talk myself out of this mess.. He came to the door... "Lay on your back
in the middle of the bed."... He said.. I did so without question... Slowing
taking each wrist he placed a set of leather cuffs on me.. and Spreading my arms
wide he stretched them to each of the headboard posts.. My breasts were widely
exposed. And he slowly walked to the foot of the bed where he cuffed each ankle
and spreading my legs wide open he tied them to the footboard posts. 'What are
you doing?" I asked  Please Noo Don't do this.. Just let me go.. I didn't
actually leave you know".. I said trying to reason with him.. With that he
walked over and placed a blind fold on me.... "Ohhh  You can't do this"  But
why.. My words were cut short....."Babe You must learn that my rules can not be
broken under any circumstance."  I could feel him rustling around and before
very long  felt something hard and cold being placed on my nipples..

 Ohhh Please.. They bit into my nipples.. I could feel him pulling until they
were taught against my breast making my nipples peek and pull.. I sensed he had
attached them somehow to the head board and I whimpered at the pain as he
finished what he was doing... " I'm leaving to get those groceries now... I
trust you will have time to think about my rules".. Perhaps when I return you
will have a clearer understanding of just how important they are"..  With that..
he left and I heard the door slam... OMG  I couldn't believe the mess I was
in... stretched so tight that  I could scarcely move and with nipple clamps
biting at my nipples.. I was so uncomfortable I felt like screaming.. But then
what good would that do.. there was no one for miles. And as I tried to wiggle
my way loose.. I could only feel the pull against my nipples.. I tried to
relax..

 I let my mind wander to when he first layed with me.. and He played with my
nipples... I remembered how he had placed his fingers in between my legs and
felt my warm pussy juice flow onto his fingers.. I remembered his smell and how
good his scent was.. My mind drifted to when he took my head and placed it
toward his magnificent cock and how I parted my lips for the first time to allow
him to enter my sweet lips and glide down my throat. Ummm as my mind drifted.. I
thought about his control.. about how he knew exactly how my body would respond
and how he brought out the woman in me..  He was gentle but firm.. He was strong
yet very kind when he wanted to be..  Umm he made me want to please him.. He
made me want to cumm... Ohh My mind drifted to the pain in my nipples and how
erotic it felt to be spanked by this man.. how he knew my pussy would respond to
that spanking and how his cock would lube my ass... Ummm I could feel him as he
entered my ass.. Ohhhh My mind thought over and over of him as he pressed deep
within me.. I could feel his touch.. I could feel  his soft cock pressing
against my being.   His moans, his grunts as he thrusts his balls against my ass
and pussy. Umm..

As I lay there I realized I was becoming very wet and I had no way to relieve my
pussy's desires.. I continued to think of how my body and mind were reacting to
this new found ownership..As I layed there I could not escape the combination of
both pain and pleasure as I felt the pain of his punishment yet the past
pleasures of his attention.. I could feel my clit erupting with flowing juices
over and over as I lay there and thought  back... After what seemed like
eternity, I heard the door open and I felt  a presence in the room..."Umm How
are you doing, Babe" Have you thought about the rules".... "Oh Yes Master, I
have"... With that I felt him reach down an kiss me long and deep. He then as he
kissed me started to remove the nipple clamps  OHHHH they had been clamped so
long and as the blood rushed back to them. I tried to free myself.. they stung
so badly.  Naked, Bound and Blindfolded, I heard what seemed to be a belt buckle
and I heard the russel of jeans being removed. I felt him as he climbed on top
of me... I could feel him positioning my head by lifting it up with a pillow...
With that he guided his cock to my lips... He began to feed me all the cock that
he had.. I was so wet and had so much time to think about how I enjoyed his cock
that I gladly parted my lips and allowed him to fuck my mouth... Umm he trusted
deep inside and I enjoyed the feel of his cock on my lips.

 He sat back on my stomach and played with my breasts.. squeezing and massaging
the... MY arms were stretched to the max and his added weight my breast even
more tight.  He loved  having ever inch of me to explore without me being able
to move even the slightest.  He ran his fingertips and lips around my neck my
arms. He gobbled My breast as he moved to my chest and tummy. My breathing
picked up... Ohh I love the feel of his hands on my body.. His lips moist where
he leaves a trail with his tongue.. I tried to raise my body to meet his lips
and fingertips.. Ummm Ohh  yess Um I could totally get into this awesome
feeling.. As he moved to my southern regions he began to see that being left
alone had not discouraged my pussy from become very moist.. seeing that I had
cumm during his absence he quickly made some adjustments to my position to take
full advantage of this opportunity..

He rose from the bed he loosened my ankle ropes to allow for a foot or so of
freedom.. I was so glad for that moment as I felt every extension of my arms and
legs where stretched so tightly.. I was hoping he would remove them all together
when to my surprise he slipped a cuff around my leg just above the knee and
secured it to the headboard post.. Moving to the other side he did the same..
This left my legs bent and my pussy in full view. I was once again stretched
wide for his viewing and physical pleasure. He then removed my
blindfold...allowing me to watch as he stood at the foot of the board and
removed the rest of  his clothes... He watched my pussy as he did.. So intently
that I was concerned as to what he had planned.  He gently slid onto the bed and
began to kiss my nicely shaved pussy... Ohhhh he kissed and licked all around my
lips and clit.. Ohh this felt so good.. OMG... I was so wet and he wasn't
helping the situation at all... Ohh Please  More... I thought.. Ohh umm . he
played with my pussy with his fingers as he spread my lips apart... "Your very
wet babe".. He said... "Ohhh I couldn't help it Master"... "I want you to do
something for me" he said... "Yes Sir... I will do anything".. I said breathing
hard from the pleasure of him playing with me..  " I want you to let go and cum
as many times as you want"... He said... "No holding back this time Babe... Do
you understand"... Ohh With that he placed his tongue on my clit and began to
massage my pussy with his tongue.. Ohhhh I was going crazy.. my legs trembling..
My senses heightened.. Ohhh OHH I moaned... Ohhh it felt so good.. Ohh back and
forth he ran his tongue while he sucked on my pussy to lick the juices away..
Ohhhh Umm... I knew he loved to eat me and he had full access and I had nothing
to say about it... moving from his tongue to his fingers he probed and flicked
my clit and pussy cavity.   Ohhh I would peek and I could feel my pussy
releasing my juices.. He did not quit.. He kept on.. knowing that with each wave
of intensity that he was enjoying the moment.. He loved the feeling of his
controlling my body and mind.. Ohhh... My pussy  was completely spent before he
quit....  I was drained....Knowing that he had totally exhausted my body and
mind.. he got up and released me from my bonds... Ohh it felt so good but I was
to tired to even care about the cuffs still attached to my wrists and ankles. 
.. He crawled in beside me and held me in his arms... we drifted off to sleep as
he curled around me.. as we drifted off to sleep. "He whispered in my ear..." Do
you think you will have any trouble remembering my rules... Babe"... I turned my
head and kissed his lips.. long and soft..." No Master  you will have no more
trouble".  He knew that was a true statement and we enjoyed the remainder of the
evening in each others arms...   




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Baby Blues


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





