BDSM Library - Survivor




Survivor
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: How the only woman to survive a death by anal torture through her torturers design.
SURVIVOR

  They carried her drugged and unconscious down the stairs and dropped her where
I pointed. After we concluded our business they left. No one said a word during
the transaction.

  She wasn't more than twenty Maybe as young as eighteen.

  Blond and thin with proud breasts and nipples showing through her T shirt.

  I chained her to the wall and cut her clothes off.

  I left her alone for the night with lights on in my little dungeon. She should
have woken about midnight.

  When I went too her at nine the next morning she was huddled against the wall
in terror. She had been crying but had since run out of tears.

  "Hello dear" I said, "welcome to my dungeon."

  As I knelt down before her and taped her ankles together she began scream and
beg. Undoing the tether chain from the wall I picked her up and carried her to
the saw horse next to the chair. She squirmed and fought as well as she could,
if I had thought she was to be any real trouble I would have used the winch and
hoist to prepare her rather than this quicker method.

  I hooked her wrist chain to the floor ring on far side of the saw horse and
pulled her head down while holding her legs on the near side with my legs. After
securing her ankles to ring on the near side in front of the chair I had her
pretty ass pointed at the ceiling.

  "Now my dear the screaming only makes it more fun for me. That maybe the only
thing you can do now. That is, reduce my enjoyment, Hmm?"

  I picked up the tube of lube and greased her ass hole.

  "Now dear don't fight, it will only make it worse." I said to the sobbing and
begging  girl.

  When I released the tension on her wrist tether she bucked and twisted, I
pulled the tether tight backed off a step and kicked her in the cunt.

  It took a few moments for her to quit screaming.

  "Now dear, don't do that again." I said.

  This time there was no fight in her as I released the wrist tether and pulled
so she stood upright in front of the chair. I quickly hooked her wrist chain to
the hook hanging from a bock and tackle in the ceiling and pushed her backwards
so she hung from her wrists over the chair.  She did a small buck as the weight
pulled down on her wrists, I pulled back and punched as hard as I could  in her
left nipple.

  As she hung there limp as a rag and panting I positioned her over the steel
two inch diameter dildo sticking out of the chair, It has six slots that start
about an inch from the top and extending four inches down the sides and a small
one on top. The final two inches get slightly narrower above the seat.

  The chair sits on a raised platform with the saw horse. The seat is split
front to back around the dildo. When I pull the pin to release the seat it
swings down away from the victim to reveal that the dildo goes all the way to
the floor, It has a total length of twenty five inches. The slots on the side
have knife blades inside that when released snap out about a half inch. Each
blade is sharpened on both the outside edge and bottom. The knives then deploy
as weight is pressed down on the top of the dildo. The slot in top has a small
triangle blade that serves to cut a path for the dildo to push thru the victims
guts to be torn open by the size of the dildo. This Knife can be adjusted to
allow for size, weight and desired time to death of the victim. The drip pan
leads to two five gallon buckets under the platform.

  Some people have lasted twenty minutes, one fat man died in less than thirty
seconds. If the top knife is adjusted properly you only hear the initial snap as
the blades release and from there the victim slowly sinks to the floor thrashing
and screaming until blood loss finally causes unconsciousness. If it is adjusted
too high you hear the blades ripping open guts as the victim slumps to the
floor. If it is adjusted to low or jams and doesn't deploy the blades are
usually long enough to lock in the pelvis.

  I took the belt and fastened around her waist. Its nice to work with a person
with a good figure, the setup for the fat ones takes about five minutes to rig.
I positioned the tie downs to either side of her waist so they would pull down
equally and pulled them tight. I checked to see she was positioned properly and
cut her wrist tether while pulling on the waist tie downs.

  She dropped about six inches onto the dildo, but because she is rather a small
person it didn't go all the way up her ass until grabbed her shoulders and
pushed while my foot operated lever connected to the waist tethers pulled her
down. Smaller people with virgin ass holes tend to hang up like this, the blood
helps get them seated all the way down. She started screaming hysterically on
impact, I checked to see she was all the way down. There was already a few drops
of blood in the drip pan under the chair.

I pulled the first pin and then waited for her to quit screaming. In a few
minutes she calmed down and I slapped her gently to get her attention.

   As soon as she focused on me I said,  "Now my dear, you see this pin?  I need
you to tell me you do dear." I slapped her again. "Say you do, dear."

  She nodded her head slightly and said, "yes" very quietly.

"This pin released the first trip pin for the seven knifes up your ass. If you
pull up on the dildo they will come out and cut you inside so your guts fall
out. Do you understand dear?" I asked.

  "Yes" she whispered. Her eyes and the sweat showing pain and terror, almost
enough for me.

  "I need you to tell me what will happen dear"

  "If I try to get up they will cut me" again in a whisper.

  "Good girl, Now if you pull up and move or wiggle they will just cut deeper
and deeper until they lock inside your pelvis and I have to use a chain saw to
get you off"

  "Do you understand dear?

 "Yes." Again a whisper.

  "What will happen?"

  "They cut deeper."

  "Good Girl" I said with an approving tone.

  I took the chains off and put her hands on the armrests of the chair. The tape
on her ankles and the tether to the floor came next.

  "See the needle on this gauge? It shows how much weight or pull you are
putting down on the dildo up your ass. You will have to lift up your ass just
slightly and take the weight off the bottom of the chair soon."

   Her eyes got wider as she heard this.

  "You see I am going to pull another pin, it will release the knives if any
weight comes down on the dildo, and it takes the seat bottom away." I told her.

  "Do you under stand dear?"

  "Please" she begged.

  I reached under the chair and got hold of the pin, "Get the needle in the
middle of the gauge dear. I am pulling in 3, 2, 1," she managed to get her
weight off just as I pulled the pin.

  I stepped back and sat in the observers chair.

  "Now dear, there is a way to live through this, all you have to do is stand
up, walk over to the Gurney right over there and lay face down with your ass  in
the air." I told her.

  "No man has ever managed, two women have made it to the Gurney but didn't get
there soon enough to be saved, but I think you can do it."

  "Why?" She asked between panting breaths.

  "My dear I have been payed to make sure you die screaming and of course I
enjoy this. It's much more fun to see you struggle to live than just kill you,
Hmm?"

  "Now the trick my dear is not to waste your energy, just stand up and walk
over to the stretcher and lay down, it's only twenty five feet, Hmm?"

  I saw her decision in her eyes just before she stood up.

  The knives released as she pushed with her arms and legs.

  Her hole body shuddered as I heard the knives click out. She was completely
silent as her ass pulled away, the knives making a delightful ripping noise,
they  were only out an inch.

  I doubted she would make it as she was hemorrhaging so much but she left a
trail of blood guts and shit  across the floor and collapsed on the Gurney.

  "Ass up dear" I yelled.

  She twitched and managed to get her knees under her as I walked over to start
first aid.

  My former client and now blackmailed slave surgeon put her guts back together
in my dungeon, I made sure he did a good job where the knife had cut thru her
bowel and into her vagina. I think she may be strong enough to bear me a son.

   She came to abought 48 hours later.

  "When are you going to let me go?" Is the first thing she said.

  "Im not dear, you will work here as my assistant. I can never release you can
I? I was payed to see you die and you wouldn't have died under my care if you
could roam around, Hmm?"




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Bubba Lou


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





