BDSM Library - Submission in the Suburbs




Submission in the Suburbs
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The descent of a young housewife into total degredation.
The following fiction is intended for ADULT AUDIENCES ONLY. Please read only if
you are legally considered of adult age, are not offended by extreme content,
and your community's standards permit such material.

(c) 2003 4Nick8... Rufdeal@aol.com




SUBMISSION IN THE SUBURBS



Chapter One.



   Don and Beverley were both feeling unusually nervous as they contemplated the
decision they had come to the previous day, and the course of action they had
decided upon. For some months Don and Beverley's sex life hadn't been all that
it could've been.

   Beverley had recently lost a baby which initially caused her to reject all
Don's overtures in the marriage bed.

   So recent was her loss, she was still lactating copiously. Her mood swings
were very unpredictable and yet she knew that she was hurting Don more than he
or she  could bear.

   Things had reached breaking point as Don was became frustrated and morose.
Beverley found that, although she was rejecting her husband, she was becoming
insatiable for a sexual coupling after the trauma of miscarriage.

   Their love for each other had not diminished but by now Don couldn't perform
with her and felt betrayed by his own body. Beverley, on the other hand, was
becoming more and more frantic for sex, hoping it would assuage the sense of
grief and loss.

   They had decided the night previously to discuss the matter and Beverley, in
an agony of frustration, had started to recount her fantasies. She'd been
captivated to discover that Don became more and more intrigued as her cravings
grew more bizarre. Her imagination conjured up her deepest longings for
domination and humiliation till Don was almost breathless with desire. However
when it came to be translated to the bedroom, his sex drive refused to live up
to its promise. They'd decided to visit a pub a good few mile away from their
home that had the reputation of catering to, what can be loosely described as
swinging couples. They were going to enter separately and meet other people
before accidentally meeting one another. Even then they'd  keep up the deception
of being complete strangers and see what the night would bring.

   Don looked at Beverley proudly. She was wearing a green chiffon blouse with
the jacket of a smart, black two-piece suit buttoned over it. The black pencil
skirt, slightly swelling below her slim waist with the last of the fat from her
incomplete pregnancy, hugged her hips and upper thighs in a provocative fashion
leading the way down her beautiful legs, covered in sheer tan nylon stockings
and dainty, black sling-back high-heels.

   She was just putting the finishing touches to her makeup, applying a faint
peach shade to her high cheekbones that complimented the delicate green of her
eye shadow and the classical arch of her eyebrows. She pouted her beautiful lips
to allow the deep pink lipstick to be applied. Beverley had pulled her auburn
hair sideways into a vertical chignon at the back, leaving two free waves
tumbling past her ears to frame her lovely face. Don knew how lucky he was to
have married such a captivating woman.

   Beverley caught Don eyeing her in the mirror and said nervously: "Do you
think I'll be pretty enough tonight darling?. The men in there'll like me won't
they? ."  Don thought that anyone who didn't would be a blind fool and hastened
to assure her of this.

   Beverley flushed and her voice dropped as she whispered: "You won't mind if
someone else picks me up and sees me bare will you?." 

   Don, really thrilled at the thought, placated his now shy but lustful wife as
they heard the doorbell chime with the arrival of a taxi. Driving was not going
to inhibit them this evening

   Beverley eased herself in beside Don in a subtle cloud of expensive perfume.
The cab driver glanced at Beverley in his mirror with undisguised appreciation.

   Noticing his looks, Beverley primly tugged at the hem of her skirt, pulling
it down to cover her knees.

   At Don's suggestion she'd worn a rather small pair of nylon stockings, that
only just came up above her dimpled knees before being caught with white
garter-straps. She was therefore worried that she'd expose her bare thighs to
the taxi driver.

   Don saw the inadvertent movement and smiled reassuringly at her.

   Getting the message Beverley thought. 'What the hell!. He's right, in view of
what we've got planned this evening.'  With that thought in mind she relaxed in
Don's arms, allowing her skirt to slip up her lovely legs, allowing her white
thighs above the stocking tops to become exposed. The cab driver's eyes seemed
to pop out of their sockets as he steeled himself to control his vehicle.

   "Let's make the driver's night" whispered Don, excited that his wife could
turn other men on as she did. "Let him see you're knickers sweetheart."

   With a little trepidation Beverley twisted herself into Don, cuddling up to
him and letting the tight black skirt slip even further up her lovely legs. She
knew that her knickers must now be on full view to the driver and it thrilled
her beyond belief  after the initial feeling of inhibition.

   As the fragrant Beverley was kissing him and cuddling up, Don took a furtive
look around. He could see his beautiful wife's ivory thighs reflected by the
street lights. Her skirt had rucked up to the top of her thighs and he could
clearly see the bottom half of Beverley's French knickers. He saw the driver
eyeing this erotic sight lecherously.

   Beverley continued to treat the taxi driver to this free show for the whole
twenty miles it took to get to the venue they'd decided upon.

  

   After a half-hour drive they arrived at the pub and Don paid the cab driver
the rather exorbitant fare, then they kissed and entered the pub separately,
Beverley to the ladies room to refresh her makeup and Don to the rather crowded
bar.

   Don looked round the place, drinking slowly. After about ten minutes he fell
into conversation with one of the men at the bar who introduced himself as
Sydney 'But not the Australian one Ha, Ha'?  Don was sourly un-amused by this
crass attempt at wit but decided that Sydney would indeed fit the bill.

   Don ascertained that 'Call me Sid' was indeed on the trail of picking up a
woman and they both began to compare the attributes of the various females in
the bar. After they'd rated three or four of the young ladies, Don brought Sid's
attention to Beverley who was sitting alone at the bar. Sid was in full
agreement with Don that Beverley rated the highest score.

   "How would it be if I tried to get her across here with us?" asked Don. Sid
appeared doubtful but Don was already on his way across to Beverley.

   "Listen darling" he said in a low voice as he nodded his head in Sydney's
direction: "I've got one over there who seems harmless and he's very taken with
you."

   Beverley coolly inspected Sydney who was not bad looking and appeared to be
respectable.

   "He'll do for what we want," she said in a husky voice, and accompanied Don
back to his end of the bar, perching herself on the barstool opposite Sydney.
She was now sitting in a private little corner, her back to the rest of the
customers and facing the two men. She was also partially shielded by a large
tropical pot plant that gave a sense of seclusion.

   Don got the introductions over with as soon as possible.

   Beverley was looking slightly aloof at Sydney who was a little nettled by
this obvious coldness. However, it didn't stop him from admiring this beautiful
and sophisticated woman with the enchanting husky voice.

   "How long have you felt the need to come to places like this to pick up a
woman?" Beverley enquired in a superior tone.

   Sydney flushed and said: "Probably as long as you've been using them. I
assume that you have come here to get laid?."  He was being as rude as possible,
having dismissed Beverley as a likely prospect and wanting to shock her.

   Beverley blushed and went on in a somewhat more conciliatory tone

   "That might be a possibility. You and Don seem like nice guys. Let's start
again shall we?."

   This statement surprised Sydney somewhat, as he thought she might storm off
after his last remark. He relaxed more, and the three of them settled down to a
more intimate conversation.

   Beverley spouted the usual lies about how she and her husband didn't love
each other anymore, (Much to Don's amusement), and how she enjoyed coming out to
these swinging pubs for her pleasure.

   After one or two more drinks Sydney got bolder and started to ask more and
more outrageous questions. Beverley fielded these quite well, realising that
she'd almost scared him off the first time around. She then hinted at her need
to be dominated and given orders in any sexual situation as she was normally a
very dominant person herself.

   Don, encouraging Sid to test the waters, said sternly: "Would you accept our
orders without question for the rest of the night?. Would you call us `Sir' and
obey everything we said?."

   Beverley hesitated then, seeing Don's imperceptible acquiescence, she said in
a small voice: "Yes Sir."

   Don, more than a little aroused, said: "Right, let's see a little more leg."

   Beverley's seductive eyes glanced round the bar and, seeing no one looking at
their group for the moment, turned slightly inwards on the barstool to face the
two men and nervously tugged the hem of her skirt up her legs. The tops of her
stockings just above her knees came into view.

   "Higher than that darling" said Don softly. "You'll have to show your
knickers if you want to interest me my and friend."

   Beverley made sure that only Don and Sid could see her legs, then she slid
her trembling fingers down to the hem of her skirt again and pulled it up her
lovely legs, revealing her white thighs above the tops of the nylon stockings,
her garter-straps like arrows pointing to her peach, silk-covered vulva. She
looked beautiful thought Don, exposing her most intimate parts to them, her long
eyelashes cast down in acquiescence.

   "Pull the crotch to one side." Said Don urgently.

   Still with her eye's downcast, Beverley brought her right hand over her legs
and inserted the long scarlet fingernails into the side of the knickers. The two
men watched in delight as she nervously pulled the silk gusset to one side,
baring a very hairy vagina for them to see. She lifted her eyes up and
deliberately opened her legs quite wide for them both to stare at.

   "Put your finger in," muttered Sydney in a nervous voice, finally finding the
courage to start ordering Beverley about.

   Beverley tilted slightly upwards on the stool and placed her forefinger and
third finger either side of her slit. She pulled it partially open, revealing
the soft pink inner lips and inserted her middle finger with a tiny gasp.

   She made a very provocative picture sitting in front of the two men with her
skirt up and her middle finger moving slowly in and out of her vagina. It added
to the intrigue that no one else in the bar was aware of what was happening.
However, at that moment, the barman started to walk in their direction.

   This didn't seem to faze the beautiful girl in any way. She still kept on
feeling herself, merely allowing a panel of her black skirt to drop discretely
down to the side of her leg, thus hiding the erotic sight from the man.

   Sid was beside himself by this time and suggested they all repair to his
place, where they'd have a little more privacy. Beverley coolly accepted. The
two men got up and headed for the door with Beverley slightly ahead of them.

   "Bloody Hell," whispered Sydney to Don "We should be OK with this piece. I've
never seen anyone with the class of this one do anything as suggestive as she
did at the drop of a hat."

   They were now about halfway down the deserted lane when Beverley was brought
to a halt by Don's commanding voice.

   "I need to pee Beverley." 

   He stood by a hedge and made it quite plain he wanted Beverley to assist him.

   "Yes Sir" said Beverley meekly, swaying seductively over to him.

   She undid Don's zip and took out his penis, pointing it into the bushes
whilst he noisily urinated.

   After he'd finished she dutifully shook it and replaced it in his trousers.
Sydney was watching this with an expression of disbelief on his face. He could
hardly believe they'd picked up such a live one.

   "Don't you need to pee Beverley?." bullied Don.

   Now that things had become a little more serious Beverley found herself
blushing and stammering as she said. "Y...yes Sir."

   "Right, go to it then," he ordered.

   Beverley anxiously plucked at the sides of the smart skirt, when Don ordered:

   "No, not here. Over there by the streetlight. We both want to see you."

   Beverley moved distractedly across to the streetlight and turned to face the
two men.

   "You mean you want me to pee in the street in front of you?. What if someone
else is looking?."

   "Well that'll be just tough luck," said Don roughly. Then he added: "Don't
forget the Sir."

   "I'm sorry Sir," Beverley quavered. She gave a last nervous glance around and
took hold of the hem of the skirt, pulling it up to her waist to expose her
peach coloured silk knickers to them.

   She took the waistband in her hands and pushed them down to her trim ankles.
Lifting one foot out of them she opened her legs wide and bent slightly at the
knees. She looked directly at Sid and said meekly: "Shall I pee now Sir?."

   Hot and flustered Sid muttered 'Yes' weakly, never taking his eyes off her
bared vagina, the clitoris peeping through the large bush of hair as a stream of
urine quickly spattered the pavement below the streetlight, gathering in a large
pool between Beverley's open legs.

   What a feeling this was for Beverley, so shamelessly urinating in front of
this stranger. She looked down at herself to see a fast and steaming jet of pee
splashing the ground between her legs. "Ooooh... uh... uh..." panted the flushed
and excited girl as she pushed out her hairy lower tummy for them both to see
her better.

   Beverley finished peeing and managed to pick up her knickers before they
became wet.

   "Right" said Don with authority: "Don't put them back on yet. Just walk ahead
of us till we get to the house. You can keep your skirt pulled up so we can see
your bare bottom."

   Beverley turned and walked in front of the two men, holding her skirt up
around her waist so her shapely behind was bared for them to see. The
garter-straps that held up her stockings, neatly framed the cheeks of her bottom
as her pretty face flushed with embarrassment.

   So, practically naked from the waist down, Beverley led the way on Sydney's
directions till they  reached his house, a rather vulgar and ostentatious Mock
Tudor four bed-roomed affair. Don allowed a grateful Beverley to pull on her
knickers and straighten her skirt before entering.




Chapter Two



   The house was of the same vulgar but expensive ostentation on the inside but
the ever polite Beverley mildly complimented Sydney on his good taste. Rather
smugly he told them he was an estate agent and considered owning a nice home to
be a perk of the job.

   Hearing the TV in the living room Beverley was suddenly apprehensive and
said: "Is your wife at home?."

   Sydney laughed and said she was at a 'Hen party'. "She's going to sleep
overnight at a friends house. That'll be my son David. It's OK, he's only twelve
and should be in bed by now."

   "Twelve's an awkward age" remarked Beverley. "I should know. I teach a whole
class full of them."

   On hearing that Beverley was a schoolmistress, Sid's interest grew. "Do you
take sex education lessons?. He's been asking the most bloody awful questions
lately."

   Don quickly interjected "I don't see why Beverley can't give your son a
little talk about it before he goes to bed."

   Beverley heard these words with a strange thrill and no small measure of
apprehension. She indeed took classes of twelve and thirteen-year old children
and some of the boys really played her up.

   They were sexually mature beyond their years and obviously envisioned sexual
intercourse with their teacher. Beverley was not much older in years from them,
twenty-one to be exact, and at times she felt younger than some of them in their
streetwise knowledge.

   "Will you do that Beverley?" asked Sydney in an insinuating tone.

   Beverley was applying lipstick in the hall mirror. She recapped the tube and
replied: "Yes" in a meek voice: "Just how far do you want me to go Sir?."

   "As far as it takes. I don't want the little sod to turn out to be peculiar
if you get my meaning." Sydney replied, leading her by the arm into the living
room.

   His son David heard them come into the room and quickly switched off a video
he was watching with a guilty look on his face. His father chose to ignore it so
Don and Beverley went along with him.

   Beverley saw that David was a handsome looking boy, if still a bit childish
looking. She felt a peculiar warmth in the pit of her stomach as she noticed
David's quick look of lustful greed as he glanced at her. She surmised  he'd
been watching erotic movies on the TV whilst his father had been out but chose
to keep her suspicions to herself for now.

   Sydney got some drinks and sat on the couch with Don. Beverley sat in one of
the easy chairs as Sydney introduced them to David. "What's more" Sydney told
David. "Beverley here is a schoolteacher and she is going to have a little sex
education talk with you."

   The two men settled back as David, with a curious look on his face, sat
himself on the rug facing Beverley.

   Beverley set her knees together primly and, in a very proper manner,
explained how boys and girls became attracted to one another, the culmination of
which the sexual act was performed thereby perpetuating the human race. She
secretly admitted to herself that it sounded like so much dry rubbish.

   "Will I feel the way you described with any lady?," enquired David.

   "No. Only with certain ones." said Beverley carefully. "You must feel a
certain attraction to them before you can do things like that together."

   "There's not many I feel that way about," David said doubtfully.

   "What were you watching before we came in David?," Beverley asked gently.
"Was it a naughty film?."

   David blushed violently and confessed that he had, telling Beverley  that the
boys at school swapped them with each other.

   "And you find the ladies in those films are nice don't you?," Beverley went
on, sipping her gin and tonic.

   When David admitted this was the case Beverley said "Do you find me as pretty
as the ladies in that film?."

   "Oh no Miss, You're much prettier than them," David blurted out, blushing
again.

   Glancing at David's father and seeing his interest, Beverley tenderly said:
"Do you want me to show you how your penis hardens when you like a certain
lady?."

   David mutely nodded and Beverley gently leant down and undid David's jeans,
pulling them down with his briefs to expose a smallish penis that had hardly
started to grow pubic hair. Her thoughts were in turmoil with the sense of
ultimate control over the young boy.

   She felt secure in the knowledge that Sidney hadn't the least intention of
stopping her, presuming in his boorish way that he was getting his male son laid
for the first time.

   "Now David" Beverley went on. "You said you thought that I was pretty?." 
Again the boy nodded and she continued "You'll have to tell me what you want me
to do. It's important that the choice is yours because I'll do what you ask if
you think it'll make your penis hard."

   David began haltingly: "Do you think you can pull up your skirt so I can see
your legs?."

   "Right David. That's the way," said Beverley, standing up in front of the boy
and taking hold of the hem of her skirt.

   "Just watch now and tell me if you want me to do anything else."

   Keeping her eyes on the boy, Beverley slowly started to pull the tight black
skirt up her legs. She heard the boy's breathing quicken as she revealed the
white skin above the tops of her stockings.

   Beverley eased the skirt further up her thighs, gathering the short silk
petticoat in her fingers along the way. With a final tug past her hips, she
stood in front of the three spectators with her skirt bunched up around her
waist, showing them her silk, peach coloured knickers tightly covering her
rounded belly and pubic mound. Leaving her skirt pulled up Beverley again sat in
front of the boy.

   She crossed her nylon-covered legs and noticed that David's penis was still
as small and limp as it had been previously. Perhaps his father had been right
and he was a latent homosexual Beverley thought.

   She uncrossed her legs and inched to the front of the chair. David and the
two men watched her as she parted her beautiful long legs, baring the soft inner
thighs that plumped up into the legs her knickers.

   "Are we having a little trouble in this department?" Beverley asked gently,
placing a soft tentative hand on David's limp penis.

   David mumbled something and Beverley strained forward to hear him.

   "I said would you show me your thingy?," he said in a louder voice.

   "Thingy?" said Beverley, puzzled. Then comprehension Elizabethed. "Oh, you
mean my vagina!."

   "He means your bloody cunt," said Sydney crudely. "Let's start calling a
spade a spade."

   "Right Sir" said Beverley, somewhat shocked at this less than paternal
attitude. "Do you want me to pull my knickers down David?."  She was still
fondling David's penis and could feel it imperceptibly hardening.

   Beverley leaned closer to David, making him very aware of the exotic scent of
her expensive perfume and the silky rustle of her feminine underwear. Out of the
corner of her eye she could see that Sydney was very hard under his trousers,
although Don seemed to be calm and collected at the moment.

   She moistened her lips and said:

   "Would you like that David?. Would you like me to take my knickers off, or do
you want to take them off?."  She looked at him in a gently enquiring manner.

   David remained silent and Beverley, still stroking his little penis said
"Have you ever seen a woman's private parts before David?."

   "Cunt" interjected Sydney again.

   Beverley blushed but said: "Have you ever seen a ladies cunt before?."

   "Only on films," David said shyly.

   "Would you like to see mine?" asked Beverley, her free hand stroking the
inside of her soft thighs nervously.

   David nodded and Beverley again stood up. She straddled her legs either side
of David, her knickers close to his face, and placed her hands on each hip. Then
she slowly pulled her knickers down over her hips and past her vaginal mound to
mid thigh.

   David had a wonderful view of Beverley's hairy vagina as she slowly pushed
her lower belly nearer his face.

   Beverley bent slightly at the knees and glanced down at David. She could now
saw his little penis had grown rock hard.

   "Do you want to feel yourself David?," she whispered to him. "Look, I'll feel
at myself."  With that Beverley let her right-hand slip down her lower belly to
her vagina, pulling the moist lips apart to bare the soft, pink clitoris to him.

   "Would you like to kiss my cunt David?" said Beverley, all her inhibitions
finally dispelled.

   She felt his lips give her vagina a little peck and couldn't believe the
thrill she received. Her whole body seemed to melt. She wanted this boy so badly
she could scream.

   "Wait a minute darling" said Beverley breathlessly, taking hold of her
knickers and pulling them off her legs. "I'll really give you a view of my
slit."

   Her petticoat had dropped down in front of her vagina so Beverley pulled it
up again, baring her lower belly for them all to see as she sat in the chair
again. She draped first one lovely leg, then the other over the arms of the
chair. This pulled the hairy wet cleft wide open. Her two hands dropped to each
side of the slit and pulled it even further open.

   Beverley was now beyond all reason as her breathing became faster and faster,
her forefinger rubbing up and down the inner lips and her beautiful eyes on the
boy's penis.

   "Do you like my slit David?" she almost crooned. "Would you like to put your
little prick in it?."  She could hear the sticky smacking sounds her fingers
were making as she reached deeper and deeper into herself.

   "Could you take some more clothes off?" David enquired hesitantly.

   "Of course sweetheart," Beverley said breathlessly as she stood up once more.

   She let her skirt fall back into position, and for a moment it looked as if
she'd never exposed herself to them.

   Beverley undid the button and zip at the side of the skirt and took it off.
The silk, peach coloured petticoat came down to mid-thigh, a little like the
miniskirts of the sixties. It didn't extend far enough to cover the tops of her
stockings and a good amount of white thigh was revealed before the lace edging
of the slip.

   Then Beverley unbuttoned her jacket and draped it over the back of the chair
with her skirt.

   "The blouse next, then your brassiere," David said, gathering confidence as
Beverley's defence's came down.

   Beverley unbuttoned the sheer green, chiffon blouse and shrugged it off her
lovely shoulders. She  laid it with the rest of the clothing. She now stood in
front of the men almost completely unclothed. She was deliciously thrilled to
see the effect it was having on them.

   "Do you want me to take off my brassiere but leave my slip on David?," she
enquired.

   David nodded and Beverley fumbled with the clips of the small silk brassiere,
undoing them and pulling the thin straps down her arms before pulling garment up
under the front of the petticoat.

   She was naked now apart from the thin shift, stockings, and high-heeled
shoes.

   "Pull your petticoat up and let's see your cunt again," demanded Sydney in
his vulgar manner.

   Beverley gathered the hem of the petticoat in her hands and pulled it up to
her waist, stepping forward slightly to place her vagina closer to David's eyes.

   "No darling" Sydney interjected: "It's not him that'll be fucking you.
Illegal you know."

   Beverley had a sudden feeling of panic and frustration. She stood in front of
them with her womanhood bared, not knowing if she was going to be satisfied.

   "I think that Sid's the one that should fuck you first. What do you think
Beverley?."  Don's voice broke into her anxiety.

   "Yes, Yes!," Beverley panted "Please Sydney."

   "Please?. Please what?. What do you say?" enquired Sydney in a malevolent
tone.

   "Sorry Sir," Beverley said distractedly. "Please fuck me!."  No response so
again Beverley said agitatedly "Please fuck me in front of this other gentleman
and your son." 

   She was almost beside herself with desire and frustration by now and thrust
her bare behind in the direction of Don and Sid. She spread her legs wide apart
and bent over at the waist, showing them her vagina from behind. It was now
becoming very moist and they could visibly see it glistening with moisture.

   Sydney had taken off his trousers and underpants. He placed both his hands on
Beverley's hips and thrust his penis into her.

   Beverley thought she would die with relief and let out a long "Ohhh" of
fulfilment. Then she said desperately "David... David come round to the front
and kiss me."  She was going to have a piece of the boy if it was the last thing
she did.

   David went and faced Beverley and looked into her pleading face. She looked
absolutely stunning; her beautiful features screwed up in pleasure and her small
breasts hanging down inside the drooping front of her petticoat.

   Beverley saw the direction his eyes had strayed and she took the hands that
were supporting her, off her knees. Panting and groaning with desire she roughly
pulled the top of the slip down off her breasts and cupped the small, sensitive
mounds in her palms.

   David was surprised to see that Beverley's distended nipples were lactating
quite freely.

   Beverley was gasping and groaning, squeezing her breasts and feeling the milk
flowing. She puckered up her beautiful lips and David kissed them tentatively.
Beverley thrust her tongue into his mouth as she felt Sydney coming into her in
a long hot gush.

   She squeezed her breasts tighter and the milk squirted out of each one
strongly.

   Sydney had withdrawn from Beverley and she was still bent over, her hands now
on either side of David's face kissing him violently, her breasts swinging free
and still profusely spurting milk, when a woman's voice broke in.

   "What have we here then?."

   Beverley straightened up in confusion to see two females standing in the
main, portico style doorway. They'd both obviously been drinking and were
surveying the scene with something between amazement and laughter.

   The younger of the two, a very pretty teenager, staggered over to Beverley's
vacated chair and picked up one of Beverley's  gin and tonics, finishing it off
in one swallow.

   The elder woman, a beautiful brunette in her early thirty's, picked up the
other one of Beverley's drinks and, slowly sipping it, again demanded to know
what was going on.

   As Sydney was haltingly telling the woman, who was obviously his wife, what
had happened, Beverley straightened out the little she was wearing. She managed
to cover her lower regions with the petticoat skirt and her breasts with the
upper part. She couldn't, however, stop her nipples from lactating and had to
stand in front of them all oozing milk through the slip top.

   You dirty sod" said Sid's wife at the end of his monologue "You mean to say
we have this girl to play with all night and you weren't going to tell me?."

   David in the meantime had been trying unobtrusively to pull up his jeans. His
mother saw him out of the corner of her eye and said sharply: "Stop that you
oversexed little bugger. Let's get to the bottom of this while we can."

   Unaware of the accidental pun, she approached Beverley and said in a sharp
tone of voice. "Pull the front up you slut," indicating Beverley's petticoat
skirt.

   Beverley's eyes went in desperation to Don's but, seeing him still looking
easy with the situation, she felt her hands move to the lace hem of the
petticoat and she drew it up her legs to the waist, baring her wet vagina to the
older woman's gaze.

   "Open your legs you bitch," snapped Sid's wife.

   Beverley, now helplessly in the grip of events, did as she was told, placing
her legs apart and looking with a despairing glance down at herself as Sid's
wife felt at her vagina.

   Beverley could see that Sydney's juices were all seeping out of her slit and
onto the palm of his wife who started to clean off her hand by rubbing it into
Beverley's pubic hair.

   Beverley was horrified to discover that she was responding to the older
woman, her cunt visibly throbbing as she was touched and stroked by strange
hands.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              

   Sid's wife suddenly remarked. "You've been feeding this bitch that stuff you
brought back from Thailand haven't you?."  She looked suspiciously at Sydney and
suddenly burst out laughing: "You have, haven't you?."

   Sydney, suddenly a shade bolder, said "Your going to laugh on the other side
of your face in about five minutes Elizabeth. Both you and Jennifer have drunk
Beverley's drinks."

   Elizabeth looked at him thunderstruck and whispered "You mean to say that
you've fed your wife and daughter that muck?."

   Beverley was beginning to comprehend that she'd been given some kind of
aphrodisiac. She'd always been led to believe that they didn't work. This one,
however, certainly seemed to be more than adequate.

   Elizabeth was trying to come to terms with the fact that both herself and her
daughter had inadvertently ingested the stuff and decided to take her fury out
on Beverley. Paying little or no heed to the fact that her two offspring were
present Elizabeth hissed: "Right you bitch. Get out of the rest of them clothes
double quick!. If you're that fucking desperate for a shag I'll get you the
roughest shag you're ever going to have."




Chapter Three.

   With trembling hands, Beverley plucked the thin straps of the petticoat off
her smooth shoulders and let the garment drop to the floor.

   "And the rest slut!."  Elizabeth's voice seemed to be crackling with rage by
now and Beverley was becoming quite frightened. She lifted first one foot, then
another and removed her high heels. She then undid the white garter belt and
took her stockings off with it.

   Now completely naked, Beverley tried to conceal herself with her arms till
Elizabeth's voice broke in "Feet apart and arms raised facing the company you
cheap whore."

   The trembling Beverley raised her lovely arms above her head and placed her
legs astride, her eyes closed and a tear gently flowing down each beautiful
cheek.

   "Eyes open you cow and look at them," Elizabeth ordered. "I want you to tell
us all what a fucking bitch you are. Go on, go ahead."  The last was said in a
tone of low menace.

   Beverley looked at the assembled company in despair and said in a low voice:
"I'm a bitch."

   "What's that?." Elizabeth sneered: "No one can hear you. I'm certain you're
more than just a bitch. Don't you agree?"  The last was said in such fierce
tones that Beverley couldn't appease Elizabeth fast enough.

   "Yes Elizabeth" she stammered "I must be the biggest whore in town. I'll let
anybody fuck me and feel my bare cunt. Just tell me who and I'll show you what a
slut I can be."  Beverley let her hands drop to either side of her vagina and
she desperately pulled the lips apart, showing the deep pink inner lips to the
entire gathering.

   She felt a strange desire for this debasement to go on and on. In the back of
her mind she knew that the thrill of this humiliation must be in some way
connected to the concoction that Sydney had given her but she had gone past
caring.

   "That's it Beverley," Elizabeth almost crooned: "Plenty of bad language and
coarseness to show how bloody cheap you are. Just keep up the banter while I
emphasise some of your more obviously whorish features.

   Whilst Elizabeth was fumbling in her purse, Beverley was wretchedly thrusting
out her naked breasts and vagina, first at Sid, then Don, David and even
Jennifer, declaiming to them what a bitch and whore etc. she was.

   "Hold still cow!." snapped Elizabeth. She'd produced some lipstick from her
purse and was uncapping it.

   Beverley held still as Elizabeth took the top off the lipstick. It was a
cheap bright crimson, not the kind that Beverley would even contemplate
purchasing. She pursed her lips in readiness for Elizabeth to apply the lipstick
but Elizabeth laughed and said: "Not your lips yet you cunt. First them
disgusting spurting lumps you call tits. Squat cow! ."

   Elizabeth had seated herself on a low TV table and made Beverley open her
legs wider and squat in a frog like fashion in front of her, her bare backside
facing Jennifer who was sitting in the chair.

   Beverley thrust her small, naked breasts out to Elizabeth who started to
apply the lipstick liberally to each gushing nipple, extending each aureole
beyond its natural boundary

   Whilst Elizabeth was painting her nipples, Beverley felt a tentative touch on
her wide-open, wet slit. She knew it was Jennifer's foot but she didn't dare 
take her eyes off Elizabeth whilst this intrusion into her body was going on.

   Elizabeth, finishing the breasts and turned her attention to Beverley's
vagina, Jennifer's foot having been hurriedly snatched away.

   "Tell me Beverley. Where do you want me to put the lipstick on next?."  Again
the low menacing tone.

   "Please put some lipstick on my cunt. Then when you've got it all sticky I
want you to put plenty on my lips. Beverley meekly said

   "That's nice you bitch," said Elizabeth, applying the lipstick all over
Beverley's clitoris and inner lips, getting the application thoroughly covered
in a combination of Beverley's and Sydney's juices. "Pucker up now whore."

   Beverley pursed her beautiful lips and Elizabeth laid the crimson stick
around Beverley's delightful mouth with a vengeance, trying to make her look as
sluttish as possible.

   Beverley could taste her own juices on the greasy surface of her lips and
nervously ran her little pink tongue over them.

   "Don't get up yet cunt," said Elizabeth, going into one of the bedrooms.
"Just finger yourself till I get back."

   David and Jennifer had come round to the front and watched curiously as
Beverley, still squatting, pushed her forefinger and middle finger into the wet
slit. You could hear the loud smacking and squelching as she worked her fingers
in and out of herself. Beverley's mouth was half-open as she groaned and gasped
in front of the two young people. Everyone was now fully dressed leaving poor
Beverley the sole centre of lustful attention.

   Elizabeth came back into the room with a white garment in her hands.

   "Stand up cow" she snapped.

   Beverley extracted her fingers from her throbbing slit and, looking straight
at Jennifer, put them in her mouth and licked all the juice off with her little
pink tongue.

   Beverley now felt as sluttish and lustful as Elizabeth had been insisting she
was. God!. What was that stuff Sydney had slipped her. She looked down at
herself and could see her crimsoned nipples standing out hard and proud, little
jets of milk pumping out as she moved her breasts.

   Glancing further down she saw that her clitoris was wet and rigid, standing
out from her swollen vagina. She suddenly wanted another penis inside her.

   Elizabeth had been looking out of the window and she suddenly turned and
said: "OK, he's out there again tonight. Put this on."

   Beverley examined the garment Elizabeth had handed her and saw it was a
small, tight white cotton skirt.

   "Mum" complained Jennifer: "That's my skirt."

   "Yes" Elizabeth retorted: "I told you to get rid of it because it made you
look like a tart. Now the real tart can wear it."

   As Beverley was struggling into the tiny garment, Elizabeth explained that
the neighbourhood had been plagued by a tramp who'd  been reported for lurking
around and peeing in their gardens. He was there again this evening.

   "Now you'll satisfy the bastard shortly." she hissed savagely: "I know what
that stuff does to you and I'm sure you can't wait to get at it."

   She was right. Beverley could feel the thrill of excitement as she
contemplated taking this 'bit of rough'.

   Elizabeth picked up Beverley's knickers and chiffon blouse. She handed the
blouse for Beverley to put on and examined the waistband of the knickers before
taking a small pair of scissors and neatly clipping the elastic retaining band
on the waist.

   "You're going to have to hold them up now," she said with grim humour. "You
go out of here wearing the skirt, blouse, knickers and high heels. You come back
wearing nothing. We'll all be watching from the bedroom window. Now is that
understood? ."

   Beverley nodded mutely, pulling up the knickers with some difficulty under
the tight skirt and donning her lovely green chiffon blouse over her wet, red
smeared breasts.

   She caught a glimpse of herself in the hall mirror as she went to the front
door. Her hair was still tidy, framing her beautiful face, but Elizabeth had
laid on the lipstick heavily to make Beverley look as sluttish as possible. Her
small breasts were clearly visible through her transparent blouse and the tarty
white skirt barely came to mid-thigh.

   She put on her sling-backs and nervously slipped out of the door.

   Beverley discovered that the door they'd come into the house through must've
been the back door, as this door lead out into a pleasant grove with comfortable
detached houses on either side.

   She caught sight of the tramp, looking through the dustbins that had been
left under a lamppost about fifty yards down the grove.

   Beverley slowly walked in his direction, holding onto her knickers through
the skirt as she felt them slipping off her lower belly.

   She stopped in front of the tramp who gave her an insolent look, which
quickly turned into a leer as he took in her beauty.

   Beverley took her hand away from her skirt and looked him directly in the
eye. She felt the smooth silk of the knickers slip down her legs. She quickly
moved her feet further apart, to catch  knickers at knee level.

   "Hi" she said brightly. "What do you think of me darling?. Would you like a
free fuck?."  Never having been in this position before, Beverley was quite at a
loss on how to introduce the subject of intercourse with this repulsive
creature.

   "You mean you want me to fuck you lady?." he asked incredulously. He couldn't
believe his luck. This beautiful woman, although looking a bit whorish at the
moment, actually wanted him to fuck her. He had to believe it though as
Beverley's knickers had now slipped down to mid-calf and she was saying: "Do you
want me to take these knickers off?."

   He just nodded numbly and Beverley bent over and removed her knickers
altogether, throwing them into the hedge at the side.

   He saw Beverley's hard nipples thrusting through the sheer, green blouse and
he could've  sworn he saw them lactating.

   Beverley knew that she could never behave like this under any other
circumstances and she hoped, spitefully, that Elizabeth and her daughter had
taken a good dose of the aphrodisiac.

   "Come on then," she hissed fiercely: "Get your bloody pants off and let's see
your prick."

   She started to pull her skirt up her legs whilst he was fumbling with himself
and, in her impatience the tight skirt finally tore down the front seam. She
took the two sides in her hands and ripped it wide open, baring her swollen
pussy to the man. It was still daubed with the crimson lipstick that Elizabeth
had applied and was soaking wet through.

   "Do you think you're capable of fucking this?." Beverley said, undoing the
buttons on the waistband of her skirt and letting it drop into the culvert under
the hedge.

   Beverley looked at the man, who by now had managed to get his trousers off
and saw, with a curious thrill, that he had the largest penis she'd ever seen in
her, so far, limited sexual experience.

   Beverley had an idea that could save her face if any of this became public.
At the moment she wanted to be seen being fucked by this man but, at the back of
her mind, she knew that self-recrimination would be an awful thing if any of her
friends heard about it. She'd therefore decided to try and get the tramp to use
a certain amount of force.

   She took stock of herself, stood in front of the tramp with just the thin
green blouse and high heeled shoes on. All of her lower body was exposed to him.
He was now panting with desire. His large member stiff and threatening and
looking none too clean.

   "Rip my blouse off you fucking animal." Beverley whispered to him:

   Not needing to be provoked too much, the tramp seized the flimsy neck of her
blouse and tore it off her body leaving Beverley as naked as the day she was
born.

   Beverley saw one or two dim lights on in the surrounding houses and, in her
present mood, hoped that she was being observed demeaning herself in this way.
She knew for a fact that one house was watching with interest.

   Not wanting the dirty vagrant on top of her lovely white body, she persuaded
him to lie down on the grass verge.

   "I'll suck your prick for you," said Beverley gently.

   Kneeling in front of him and taking the huge, dirty penis in her delicate
mouth she barely repressed a shudder.

   She could feel his penis straining and, to avoid him coming in her mouth and
because her vagina was aching for intercourse she stood, spread legs on either
side of his body and gently lowered herself onto the stiff wet cock.

   With her high heels digging into the grass, Beverley looked down at herself
and brought her fingers down on each side of her vagina, spreading the lips wide
open. Curling her two smaller fingers round his rampant member she placed the
tip of it between her swollen moist labial lips and lowered her body down onto
the straining shaft.

   Shuddering and gasping in frenzy Beverley watched as his huge penis thrust
itself into her slit "Oooh God. Fuck me... fuck me... Fuck me dirty you filthy
bastard," moaned Beverley, heaving herself about on top of his penis, the sticky
wet slapping sounds from her cunt magnified in the still evening air.

   At that moment Beverley was wishing that the whole estate was watching her.
All sense of reason seemed to leave her as she grabbed both her small breasts
and thrust them down into the tramp's face.

   "Suck them you fucker," Beverley demanded fiercely. "Fucking suck me dry." 
She squeezed her breasts and small jets of milk hit the man in the face as he
put his lips around one distended crimsoned nipple.

   Beverley looked down at herself again in morbid fascination at allowing this
drink sodden wreck to  penetrate her. She could see his large prick, glistening
now with her own juices, forcing her tender pink lips apart each time she pushed
up from his dirty body.

   Frantically she fingered around the area of her vagina, lubricating her
fingers with her wet discharges. Then she thrust first her middle finger, then
her forefinger into herself alongside his penis:

  "Ooh God" she groaned: "I don't think you have enough spunk in you to satisfy
me you useless prick."

   The Beverley of yesterday would not have used bugger, never mind the language
she was now using and the acts that she was involving herself in.

   She suddenly felt a throbbing and spurting inside her and went frantic trying
to bring herself to a climax. She was now moaning and half-screaming, not
bothering if anyone could overhear her.

   The tramp finished coming and went limp inside her very quickly.

   Beverley still tried to finger herself to a climax but couldn't manage it.

   Furious with him she pulled out his limp dick and, with his sperm trickling
down her inside legs, she straddled his face.

   "Push your fingers in you bastard. Make me come."  The last was a desperate
shouted demand to him.

   The man reached up and inserted two of his filthy fingers into Beverley's
cunt. Moaning again and squeezing milk out of her breasts, Beverley half bent
and half stretched herself in the age-old rhythm in a frenzied attempt to quench
the burning need but to no avail.

   Finally, with a look of disgust at the man, Beverley removed his fingers and
as if she were offering her cunt to be kissed, she thrust out her lower belly
and jabbed her own fingers into her vagina with a wet, smacking squelch.

   Without bothering to check him or apologise, Beverley turned on her heels and
started to walk back to Elizabeth's house.

   Nearing the house Beverley remembered Elizabeth's threatening instruction to
come back completely naked and, not knowing how explicit these instructions
were, she bent down and removed the high heeled shoes and threw them over the
nearest hedge.

   Now entirely bare she padded down the road in an agony of frustration and
fear. The fear was equally divided into fear of discovery and fear of
Elizabeth's wrath. It seemed strange to Beverley that the fear of discovery was
tempered by a bizarre desire to be seen by anyone. The sight of a man unlatching
the gate in front of his house having walked his dog now piqued this feeling.

   Beverley wondered what sort of a picture she now presented. She had no desire
to hide herself and her nakedness. On the contrary, she was beginning to feel an
overpowering urge to display her bare breasts and cunt to anyone. If they
happened to be strangers so much the better.

   Another peculiar symptom was manifesting itself also. Beverley's vagina was
becoming distinctly swollen and tender to the touch and, whereas she wouldn't 
welcome the pain at handling herself before, she now had a strange feeling of
anticipation of the sweet torment she could give herself by fingering her wet
throbbing slit. Pondering this Beverley concluded that there must be some kind
of mind-bending property in the drugs she'd been slipped

   Beverley padded silently up to the man on her bare feet.

   He became aware of her with a small start and, after looking at her in
astonishment, he looked her up and down with a lewd look that she was to become
used to. This time though there was an air of guilty furtiveness about the look
as he glanced shiftily over his shoulder.

   He looked back at her and, putting a finger to his lips he whispered: "Not
too much noise."

   Beverley thought the remark odd but she was so aroused by now she didn't
care.

   Wondering what to say Beverley whispered fiercely: Do you want me to spread
my slit for you?."

   The man was caught on the hop so to speak and said: "You're what?."

   Beverley, never having had to speak like this before, spread her legs wide
apart and pulled the lips of her vagina open. Inserting the first two fingers of
her right hand, she whispered again: "My slit, cunt, hole, crack. Call it what
you will do you want to get a close look at my filthy gash?.

   She was frantically thrusting her fingers in and out of her vagina by now.
The smacking sloppy sounds coming from it were partly Beverley's juices and
partly the tramp's semen.

   Beverley pulled her soaking fingers from her vagina and started to lick the
fluid from them, slowly squatting down in front of the man and baring her cunt
lips even more

   She was now distractedly sucking at her fingers whilst inserting the fingers
of her other hand into her burning slit. She could feel the rough gravel from
the path scratching the cheeks of her behind and she tried to grind it into the
path even more in an attempt to gratify herself through pain.

   "Do you want to slap me then?," she suddenly asked him. "Sting my bottom,"
she urged.

   The man cocked his head and suddenly paled slightly. Then he hastily went
into his cottage leaving Beverley alone, naked and craving under the pale
streetlight.

She resumed her nude passage to Elizabeth's house hoping to find the
satisfaction she craved there. She was also nursing a growing sense of outrage
that concentrated itself on Elizabeth and her daughter Jennifer.




Chapter Four.



   Beverley went round to the back door of the house, the one that Sid had
brought them in earlier in the evening. As Elizabeth had told Beverley, they'd
all been watching her performance from one of the bedroom windows.

   As the naked girl went from the kitchen and into the hallway, she saw them
all coming down the stairs. On top of their accidental ingestion of whatever it
was that Sid had slipped in the drinks, they'd obviously been very turned on by
Beverley's adventure in the street.

   Both Elizabeth and her daughter Jennifer had removed their evening dresses
and both were wearing very sexy underwear.

   Elizabeth, regardless of her young son being present, had her right hand down
the front of her black silk French knickers. She slowly stroked herself as she
eyed the naked girl who'd just entered.

   Jennifer, in a similar state of undress, was staring at the naked Beverley
with an almost predatory look. She had both hands inside the small cups of her
little, lacy green brassiere and was kneading her small breasts frantically.
Just then she surprised and shocked Beverley. Jennifer took her right hand out
of her bra cup, pulling the pink tipped little mound out with it. She looked
around for the nearest man, who happened to be her father Sid, and immediately
cuddled up to him, fumbling with the zip on his trousers and easing Sid's huge
hard penis out.

   Elizabeth watched in excitement as her husband and daughter carried on.
Jennifer was running her small hand up and down her fathers shaft as she pulled
her little green briefs off the plump cheeks of her bottom and down to her
knees, hooking them on to her garter straps.

   She opened her legs wide to reveal her pink wet slit, nestled in the centre
of a little bush of pubic hair. Beverley could hear an audible squelching sound
as the pretty girl thrust her eager fingers into the wet hairy cleft.

   As Jennifer masturbated both herself and her father, Elizabeth's hand was
working frantically inside her black silk knickers. "Beverley" she commanded.
"You've been giving David some sex education. Well you can come over here and
show him where he came from."

   The slightly scandalised girl looked across at David who was eyeing her naked
body with undisguised greed. Taking him over to his mother she said. "Look
David. It's hard to believe you once came from here isn't it?."  Beverley took
the waistband of Elizabeth's fragile black knickers and pulled them down over
Elizabeth's tummy to her upper thighs.

   Elizabeth had a huge bush of pubic hair covering her pubic area. "Pull it
open Beverley" she ordered breathlessly. "Pull it open and show David."

   Beverley placed her crimson fingernails on each of Elizabeth's labial lips
and pulled them apart. The glistening pink insides of Elizabeth's vagina were
revealed to the sexually curious boy. He looked with satisfaction at the
beautiful naked girl kneeling in front of his partially clothed mother, pulling
her cunt lips apart, and felt his little penis grow hard again.

   And so the whole group looked at the bare girl as they mutually masturbated
each other, the only exception being Don.

   When they'd finished and adjusted their clothing, Jennifer went across to
Beverley.

   "Mummy wants me to get you bathed and changed," she said brightly. "We're all
going to go out."

   Beverley looked at the hall clock and was surprised to discover that it was
only ten-o-clock.

   "Where are we going?" asked Beverley, not caring as long as she could satisfy
the burning need that had now built up inside her.

   "Back to the pub where Daddy and Don picked you up. They put on something
rather special after closing time. Now get a shower while I get changed."

   Beverley showered and shampooed her hair. She then she went into Jennifer's
bedroom to blow-dry it.

    Jennifer had put her hair into a pony tail. She had on a crisp, white blouse
and a grey pencil skirt buttoning down the back. With her white ankle socks and
neat black sneakers she looked younger by far than she had done.

   "How old are you anyway? ," enquired Beverley.

   "Seventeen" Jennifer replied. Beverley suspected she'd added a couple of
years on as teenagers tended to. She appeared even younger than that now she had
taken off her make up and had adopted a teenage style of facial beauty aides.

   As Jennifer was drying Beverley's hair in front of the dressing table mirror,
Elizabeth came into the room.

   "Has Jennifer told you were going out? ," enquired Elizabeth. When Beverley
mutely nodded she went on: "I'm a dress designer and I've just the thing for you
to wear when you're ready. Jennifer, put her hair in an Alice band and leave it
free to the shoulders."

   Beverley was impatient to satisfy herself and found that she was becoming
more and more suggestible as the night wore on. She was quite willing to do
anything Elizabeth demanded as long as they got on with it.

   "Let me check your hands dear," said Elizabeth, in a suspiciously kind voice.
"Oh dear me. The fingernails are much too long and that nail polish will have to
go. The rings too," she threw in as an afterthought

   "It's OK," Jennifer whispered, taking Beverley's wedding and engagement
rings. "I'll put them safe till we get back."  She then took Beverley' hands and
started to cut her beautiful nails down to not too short a style. Afterwards she
removed her scarlet nail polish and put on some clear varnish that made the
nails shine in a pretty fashion.

   While Jennifer had been ministering to Beverley, Elizabeth had been bringing
some items of clothing into the bedroom and putting them onto Jennifer's bed.

   "I want her smelling of baby oil and talcum powder," she instructed Jennifer.

   Turning to Beverley Elizabeth said: "Due to you and that bloody husband of
mine, Jennifer and I have got ourselves into the same position as yourself. It's
more than made itself felt on me and Jennifer too. You'll appreciate how we're
going to feel before the night's through. By then you'll be climbing the walls,
as it gets much worse. It has a funny effect on the mind as well so, before we
get too affected, we've decided you'll provide the bulk of the entertainment for
tonight. Jennifer is our daughter,  You're to be our other daughter only you'll
be much younger than Jennifer when we've finished with you. Is that understood?
."  The last in a tone that brooked no argument.

   "Yes" meekly from Beverley.

   "Yes Mummy," from Elizabeth.

   "Yes Mummy," again meekly from Beverley. She'd just noticed how gorgeous
Elizabeth was looking. It was as if the drug, whatever it was, had brought out a
bloom in her. She was dressed in a classy two-piece suit in blue, A deeper blue
blouse, coffee coloured nylons and blue high heels. Beverley could see why
Elizabeth was a dress designer. Her taste was immaculate.

   "Put these on." said Elizabeth, handing her a small, pastel blue pair of
knickers. They were satin and, when Beverley pulled them on she discovered they
were in the style of a small child's with lace trim. They pulled snugly up to
her navel.

   She donned the clothes as Elizabeth handed them to her. No brassiere but a
frilly little vest, again in satin but pastel pink. Then a little girl's dress,
also in pastel pink, that was gathered under her small breasts and then flared
out to end in delicate lacing halfway down her thighs. Very party piece she
thought secretly.

   To finish the effect she put on a pretty pair of white ankle socks with
little lace frills at the top, and patent leather dolly shoes. Looking at
herself in the full length mirror, Beverley gasped. With her fair hair falling
to her shoulders, held by the Alice band, the teenage make up lightly applied to
her pretty face, and the little party dress with the puffed up shoulders at the
top of the sleeves, Beverley looked for all the world to be three or four years
younger than Jennifer.

   She felt a thrill of desire as she viewed herself till Elizabeth pulled her
up short: "We have a little matter to resolve before we go out Beverley. Who
gave you permission to put on a show for that bastard who lives down the Grove?
."

   Beverley hung her head and whispered: "Nobody Mummy."  She was learning to
respond as was expected of her.

   "What do you think we should do about such a disobedient child?" Elizabeth
asked sternly.

   Still with her eyes cast down, but with a secret thrill, Beverley said: "I
suppose you should smack me."

   "Right," said Elizabeth: "Do you think it warrants a normal smacking or the
cane?"

   Not wanting to appear too anxious for punishment Beverley stammered: "The
cane Mummy, but don't be too hard on me please."  She managed to squeeze a
little tear out of her eyes with this plea. She looked adorable, stood in front
of Elizabeth and Jennifer dressed in her little girl's outfit and looking
contrite.

   "Right," snapped Elizabeth: "Out in front of Daddy and Uncle Don with you.
We'll have to make your punishment public to teach you a lesson."

   Biting her lip to hold back a smile at her husband being referred to as Uncle
Don, Beverley went down to the living room where the two men and David eyed her
with undisguised admiration.

   "Stand in the middle of the room child," snapped Elizabeth.

   Beverley looked a picture as she stood in front of the company dressed in her
little party frock, ankle socks and dolly shoes. She found that she was even
thinking childishly as she hung her head and waited for Elizabeth's initiative.

   "Tell them what a bad girl you've been and what Mummy is going to do to you
as a punishment,"  Elizabeth commanded.

   In a small, little girl's voice, Beverley haltingly told them how naughty she
had been. "I shouldn't have shown my pussy to a man that Mummy didn't want me to
and I want Mummy to cane me for it," she ended contritely

   "Pussy!!!" exclaimed Elizabeth: "She means her bloody hole. In front of that
nasty bastard down the Grove. What  are you going to do before I cane you, you
naughty little girl? ."

   Beverley looked fearfully around the room and said in the small voice: "Pull
my knickers down and bend over?"

   "Well get on with it then," demanded Elizabeth.

   Beverley positioned herself in the middle of the room so that they all had a
good view of her. She looked around hesitantly then, with a trembling sigh, she
pulled up the front of her little dress to reveal her fancy satin knickers. They
were in the brief bloomers style, covering her slightly swelling tummy and
gathered at the legs with elasticised fancy lace.

   She hooked her thumbs into the waistband of the knickers and, still holding
her frock up with her elbows so they could all see, she slowly pushed her
knickers down to her knees. She spread her legs to retain them in that position,
baring her recently swollen vaginal lips, pinkly peeping out through the profuse
pubic hair.

   "Bend over and grab your ankles," Elizabeth demanded, now wielding a thin
cane wickedly.

   Beverley bent down and caught hold of either ankle with a little sob. She was
frightened and more than a little excited by this bizarre scene.

   They all looked at Beverley's bare bottom thrust upwards invitingly, the fold
of her cheeks leading down to her moist hairy vagina.

   Beverley waited in dreadful anticipation for the first blow and when it came
it made her draw in her breath sharply with the shock.

   Five more blows rained down onto Beverley's bare behind until it was afire
with a sweet, burning pain that made Beverley actually climax for the first time
that evening.

   Half sobbing, smarting pain and gratification curiously intermingling, she
pulled her little knickers up and they made their way to the back door, David
tagging along with the group with neither Elizabeth nor his father objecting.

   Walking down the moonlit road back to the pub, Beverley felt David's arm go
round her waist to comfort her and she gave him a little smile of gratitude.

   As they progressed, she felt his right-hand slipping down past her waist to
her behind. Secretly thrilled she surreptitiously took his hand and guided it up
her frock behind to rest on her satin covered posterior.

   Jennifer noticed the intimacy between the two of them and, it seemed in a fit
of pique, she reached behind her and undid three of the skirt buttons covering
her behind. Beverley could see her wriggling something down and, in the pale
glow of the moonlight, saw that Jennifer had bared her bottom. `A real piece of
mooning' she thought wryly.

   Jennifer moved over to her brother's left-hand side and took his other hand.
The three of them were lagging slightly behind Sydney, Elizabeth and Don and,
with a little mischievous giggle, Jennifer slipped David's hand inside the back
of her skirt to her bare bottom. Beverley supposed she should feel shocked, but
couldn't summons up any righteous indignation in her present mood of  immodesty
and pure erotic emotion. It seemed that the drug, whatever it was, removed any
inhibitions about incest. Instead she felt round her own behind, took the
waistband of her frilly knickers and pulled them down past the still smarting
cheeks of her bottom to the tops of her thighs, somewhat hobbling her walking
action.

   Then, taking David's right hand, she guided his fingers under her anus to the
crack of her vulva, encouraging him to insert them.

   David pushed two fingers into Beverley's vagina, thrilling her again, and the
party proceeded in that fashion to the pub, only hurriedly readjusting
themselves upon reaching the doors of that establishment.

   Elizabeth had been saying to Sydney how she had rung ahead of them and the
Landlord was expecting them,  This proved to be the case as the landlord met
them at the door of the snug bar with effusive greetings.

   "And this is our little schoolteacher!" introduced Elizabeth, proving that
Sydney had spilled the beans about Beverley's profession. "Isn't she as pretty
as a picture? ," Elizabeth went on, making Beverley do a little pirouette in
front of the man.

   "My God!" he exclaimed: "I don't think we have ever come up with such an
innocent looking whore."

   Whilst feeling somewhat nettled at the word whore, Beverley basked in his
overt admiration of her and timidly lifted her skirts to reveal her pretty pale
blue, satin knickers. They were straining out over her slightly swelling belly
and she heard the landlord's sharp intake of breath at the sight. Beverley could
feel her vagina just itching to be caressed. She had never felt so admired in
her life and was revelling in it.

   "That's the point Terry," Elizabeth said to the landlord.  "She's not any old
whore. She really is a schoolteacher. It so happens that lecherous Sid here has
been feeding her that muck he brought back from overseas. That makes her our
whore."

   A new look came into the landlord's eyes as he looked Beverley up and down.
She preened a little in front of him and was a little shocked to hear herself
say in a tiny little girl's voice.  "Mummy and Jennifer took some of that nasty
stuff too. I know. I saw them! ."

   "Oh did they now? " Terry said, looking at Elizabeth and Jennifer with new
interest. They eyed him back with the same interest and Jennifer turned slightly
towards him. Beverley could see she still had the three buttons of her skirt
undone and, through the gap that was pulled open, you could see Jennifer's white
knickers quite clearly.

   Clapping her hands together Beverley said excitedly "Will there be a floor
show tonight Mummy?."

   Looking at her grimly Elizabeth said. "Don't worry your pretty little head
about that. You are the floor show."

   With that they went into the bar that Beverley and the two men had been in
earlier that evening.

   It was now emptier but still had a fair amount of customers. Mainly the
younger end of couples and singles of both sex. They all appeared to have drunk
a fair amount and were in a rather boisterous mood.

   Beverley edged shyly into the room and was conscious of several lecherous
looks from both male and female patrons.

   Elizabeth took control, introducing  Beverley and Jennifer around as "My two
little girls."

   Elizabeth bought a round of drinks. Alcoholic for the adults and large
lemonade's for Beverley and David. Beverley wasn't too worried as she seemed to
have a raging thirst and drunk the lemonade off in almost one draught;

   "Watch your appetite young lady," scolded Elizabeth, getting her another.

   "Come here and sit on my knee little girl."

   Beverley looked round and saw that Terry, the landlord had joined them at
their table.

   "Go on darling. It's all right with Mummy," urged Elizabeth.

   Beverley went bashfully across to Terry and arranged herself on his lap. Not
particularly caring for the man but hiding it, she said:  "What do I call you?."

   Uncle Terry," broke in Elizabeth. "Why don't you tell Uncle Terry what a nice
little body you've got? ," she added slyly.  "You'll be showing it to everybody
before the night's through."

   Beverley felt a strange thrill run through her, as well as a little
apprehension, at the thought of being completely naked in front of all these
strangers.

   "Yes," she almost lisped, (she couldn't seem to help herself). "I have a nice
little tummy button and my Mummy thinks my dinky buds are very pretty. They even
squirt milky at you when you squeeze them. I like to squeeze them a lot."

   "Do you now? ," Terry remarked wryly:  "I'm more of a pussy man myself."

   "Ooh," Beverley exclaimed:  "You mean my thingy? . I'm not to take my
knickers off for any stranger, am I Mummy? ."

   "No dear. But Terry's hardly a stranger to me,"  Elizabeth said heavily,
causing Sydney to give her a quick, suspicious glance.

   "You can let Uncle Terry put his hand up your skirt if he wants to. And I'm
sure he does."  The last was said in a half undertone.

   "Do you want to put your hand up my dress Uncle Terry? ," said Beverley in a
trembling little voice. "You can if you want to. My Mummy say's it's all right."

   Terry put his hand onto Beverley's knee and pushed her little party frock
upwards revealing her pretty white thighs and the little satin 'V' of her
knickers.

   "Ooh you are naughty Uncle Terry," scolded Beverley.  "You're showing
everyone my knickers now" she said, trying to cover them up.

   "Let them all see," snapped Elizabeth:  "Serves you right for being a naughty
girl earlier on. Just you tell them what a naughty girl you've been."

   Beverley then allowed Terry to push her dress up again and display the little
knickers to the whole pub, whilst she hung her head and, in the same trembling
little voice she whimpered: 

   "I've been a very naughty girl tonight. I pulled my knickers down for a
strange man that Mummy didn't like."

   "Well don't be so ashamed of it" came the consoling voice of Terry:  "It
looks like Mummy's up to the same tricks now."

   Beverley looked over at Elizabeth.

   She was looking more beautiful than ever but distinctly uncomfortable. She
had moved over to sit next to Don and was distractedly running her right hand
across the front of her smart blue skirt.

   Beverley noticed that Elizabeth had already unzipped the side of her skirt
and had guided Don's hand inside. She found it oddly erotic that this other
woman was allowing her husband to feel her intimately.

   She felt Terry's hand brushing up and down the front of her own knickers and
saw that most of the patrons were looking in that direction. She put her own
hand on top of Terry's and urged him to bare her vagina to the other customers.

   He caught hold of the elastic and pulled it sideways exposing Beverley's wet
vagina for them all to see. She looked up at them all and deliberately spread
her legs as wide as she could. Her vagina unfolded like a petal under her pubic
hair and gaped moistly pink, her clitoris standing out and pulsating to the gaze
of them all.

   Beverley then picked up her legs and, taking hold of each ankle, forced her
legs even wider allowing Terry's fingers to slip inside her cunt and slither in
and out.

   "Ooh Uncle Terry," she gasped: "Your making my little tummy tremble. Kiss my
pussy please, Purleeze."  The last was almost a whimper as she felt a resurgence
of desire.

   Terry picked Beverley up and placed her on an empty table where the whole pub
could see her and spread her lovely legs wide apart again. Her vagina was now
visibly throbbing and glistening with moisture. Beverley pulled the lips apart
and watched him as he kissed all round the area and his tongue slipped inside
her.

   "That's enough for now."  This came from Elizabeth who, taking charge again,
had unbuttoned her skirt and was stepping out of it. "Stay on the table Beverley
darling." she said sweetly, unbuttoning her costume jacket and blouse and
shrugging them off her creamy shoulders. "Let everyone see what a naughty little
slut looks like."

   Elizabeth now stood in a beautiful blue silk petticoat that hugged her figure
and ended at her knees in white lace.

   Beverley nervously tried to stand up on the table but Elizabeth snapped "No
Beverley. Pull your skirts up high to show them all, then you can pull down your
little knickers and squat with your legs open till I tell you who is going to
fuck you. Do you think you can manage every man in here  slut? ."

   Beverley tugged the hem of her frock up past her knickers again.

   Her little vest tried to slide down her tummy but Beverley snatched it up
with the dress and pulled them both up together.

   "Higher you little cow." demanded Elizabeth fiercely. "Get the fucking thing
up to your breasts. I want you to ask these people if they will allow you the
privilege of exposing yourself to them."

   Beverley was trembling now at Elizabeth's wrath. The drug seemed to have
taken a vicious turn with her.

   She frantically tugged her dress and slip up past her lower rib cage to the
undersides of her small breasts. The right breast popped out under it she'd
pulled that far. The nipple was rock hard and it was oozing milk down her body.

   "I want to show everybody here my cunt and tits Mummy. They do want to see me
don't they?" Beverley asked in a trembling voice.

   Elizabeth seemed to relent somewhat and used a more conciliatory tone of
voice: 

   "OK Beverley darling. You can pull your frock down a little." 

   Beverley tucked her right breast under the dress and lowered it to her waist.

   "Right," said Elizabeth:  "Now lower your knickers Beverley."

   Beverley pulled the knickers down to her knees and stood in front of
everyone, exposing her wet pulsating slit.

   Elizabeth had asked Terry for a showpiece, old-fashioned chamber-pot he kept
behind the bar. She walked across to Beverley commandingly, dangling the potty
from her fingers: 

   "We want you cleaned out before we start don't we? Jennifer, get up behind
her and hold her over the potty. I am going to take video's of the action from
now on so I need my hands free."

   Jennifer stood on the table behind Beverley and bent down and grabbed her
behind each knee. Beverley allowed Jennifer to pull her legs apart and suspend
her over the chamber pot. She knew she was going to have to urinate in front of
all these people so she decided to make a show of it.

   She watched Elizabeth taking a video of her vagina and pushed her fingers
into the crack and started to pee. She had consumed quite a lot of lemonade and
the urine seemed to cascade out of her. Tears blurred her eyes as she wondered
what had happened to the cool, sophisticated schoolteacher. Here she was.
Dangling with her legs wide open in front of about sixty strangers, peeing for
them in preparation to getting fucked by them all.

   She glanced down at her hairy cunt, just dribbling to a stop, and saw that
she'd almost filled the chamber pot.

   She felt Jennifer's soft breasts on either side of her head and tried to take
comfort from their scented tenderness.

   Jennifer had now stood her on her feet and Elizabeth ordered:  "On your knees
doggy fashion."

   Beverley assumed the position and she felt Jennifer push her frock up and
pull her knickers down to her ankles. Jennifer then placed Beverley's feet as
wide as they would go, and spread her knees even wider.

   Pushing Beverley's head down, she placed two fingers into her vagina and
opened the lips. "Who wants to be the first to fuck this slut then?" she
demanded, running one finger up and down Beverley's throbbing slit.

   Beverley heard a lot of movement but could not see who it was that first
penetrated her

   "Ooooh," she groaned: "Please fuck me hard. Fuck me hard. Someone put a cock
into my mouth as well."

   She felt the first man sliding in and out of her cunt as a second positioned
himself in front of her pretty tear streaked face and offered his large, hard
penis for her to suck.

   Beverley took the man's penis into her mouth and moved her head up and down
over it.

   She felt the first man ejaculate into her and another one take his place
immediately.

   The second man was on the point of ejaculation when the one with his penis in
her mouth came quickly, forcing Beverley to swallow most of his sperm, a little
escaping and running down the side of her beautiful mouth.

   So it went on. Beverley stopped counting after about eight or nine. She
herself did orgasm several times but it didn't seem to give her the satisfaction
she craved.

   After a while the fucking stopped and Beverley assumed they had all taken
their respective turns.

   "Right Beverley darling. Squat down in front of me,"  came the crooning voice
of Elizabeth.

   Beverley did as she was told and saw that Elizabeth had allowed Don to pull
her slip up to her belly and insert his hand down the front of her silk
knickers. She was wearing smart, coffee coloured nylon stockings held with a
brief blue garter belt.

   Beverley glanced down at her own cunt and saw it was oozing with sperm.

   "Rub it in sweetheart," urged Elizabeth. "I want to get a good shot of you
doing it." 

   She was aiming the video at her vagina and Beverley reached between her legs
and rubbed away at herself, listening to the wet smacking sounds her cunt was
making. Looking at her fingers Beverley could see they were sopping with come.

   "Put them in your mouth and then get some more." Elizabeth ordered.

   Beverley did as she was told. Raising her sticky fingers to her mouth and
licking them clean, then repeating the process again and again.

   Elizabeth had now produced a large white article and Beverley saw that it was
a novelty dildo made of white chocolate.

   "Push it in deep now darling. We all want to hear you scream."

   She handed the dildo to Beverley who hesitatingly placed the head of the
dildo between her cunt lips, and pushed it slowly into herself with a loud:
"Oooooh."

   Beverley moved the dildo in and out of her wet slit, aware of all the eyes
upon her, and the fact that the dildo was melting with the heat and the
movement. In the meantime Jennifer was cutting through her dress and slip with a
pair of scissors to free her breasts for all to see.

   She was now on the table in front of everyone. Naked apart from her dolly
shoes and socks. Pushing the melting dildo in and out of herself and panting and
groaning with desire. She looked the picture of lust.

   "Don't forget folks," said Elizabeth: "There will be a matinee performance
tomorrow lunchtime.

   The rest of the evening seemed to pass in a kind of dream to Beverley. She
remembered Elizabeth allowing Don to feel her up all the time. Jennifer slyly
getting fresh with her brother, and the odd macho man here and there coming back
to her for seconds, which she obliged.

   Then the walk back to Elizabeth's house, Beverley again naked save for her
dolly shoes and socks. Beverley, Don, Sydney and Elizabeth all ended up in the
same large bed whilst Jennifer and David shared Jennifer's bedroom. It had been
a long night.




Chapter Five.



   Beverley awoke the following morning at about nine-o-clock. She tentatively
stretched and discovered that she ached all over. Her bottom was still sore from
the beating and she hadn't  got all the sperm off her body and it had  dried on
her.

   She looked at her bed companions and they were still sleeping peacefully.
Then she dared to think about the night previous and discovered, to her horror,
that she still felt the same way as she did then. Beverley had been under the
impression that a good night's rest would rid her of this feeling but it wasn't
the case.

   She thought resignedly that the promised matinee Elizabeth had volunteered
her for would now materialise.

   Just then Jennifer came to the door and held her finger to her lips to
indicate silence. She stood in the doorway completely naked, seeming not to mind
that Don or her father could wake up at any time. Beverley couldn't  help but
notice how beautiful she was. Jennifer had a youthful figure and larger breasts
than Beverley. She was still too young to have grown much pubic hair but there
was a certain amount growing around the delicate little slit. Her pink clitoris
peeked out at Beverley as Jennifer indicated for her to follow her into the
bathroom.

   When they entered the bathroom, Beverley was grateful to see that Jennifer
had drawn a hot bath. They both stepped into the tub and relaxed. Beverley could
feel the aches and pains of the previous night easing as Jennifer soaped her
thoroughly.

   When they had both finished, they stepped out and towelled each other down
till their naked bodies glowed again with good health.

   Jennifer tiptoed off and returned with Beverley's rings, slipping them on her
finger as if the two of them were getting married.

   Beverley felt very grateful to Jennifer for her kindness.

   When they left the bathroom, they discovered that Elizabeth was up. She
looked stunning as usual dressed in a translucent, pink peignoir and high heeled
mules.

   "Good morning dear," she said, "I hope you are feeling up to the day."

   Wondering what to call her Beverley tried "Yes Miss," as her pupils called
her at school.

   "Good," exclaimed Elizabeth,  "I've got some very exclusive designs for you
to wear this morning."

   Wondering if she was going to be a little girl again or Postman Pat, Beverley
was surprised and pleased to see that Elizabeth was laying out adult clothes for
her.

   She gave Beverley and Jennifer a pair of fluffy high heeled mules each and
told them. "We'll keep you both nude for the moment. I must have a shower so
Jennifer can make you breakfast and prepare you."

   With that mysterious remark Elizabeth went into the bathroom. Jennifer made
toast and coffee whilst the other members of the household drifted in slowly,
appreciating the sight of Beverley and Jennifer naked.

   Jennifer didn't seem to mind that her father and younger brother were
admiring her nakedness, in fact she seemed to be flaunting it in their faces.
Beverley put it down to the drugs she'd been inadvertently fed. They'd certainly
got rid of any inhibitions.

   Jennifer combed Beverley's fair hair and styled it back into the chignon that
Beverley had affected the previous day, the two long wavy extensions framing her
lovely features. She then carefully applied very pale foundation powder to
Beverley's face and accentuated her classic eyebrows and eyelashes with mascara,
adding a deep blue shading to set off Beverley's perfect eyes.

   Jennifer used a lipstick paint to define Beverley's lips with dark red
lipstick, matching the colour exactly with precisely brushed on nail varnish on
her now shorter nails.

   Allowing it to dry, Beverley let the two men and David view her naked body,
feeling no reserve at all about so doing.

   Elizabeth walked back into the room at that moment completely nude save for
her high heels.

   Looking totally unconcerned that her son was eyeing her with more than a
little interest she said, "My, my. We are looking very pretty today. As you've
discovered, that muck Sydney brought back doesn't wear off overnight. Jennifer
and I have been fed some before so we're used to it. You, on the other hand, are
a first timer so it could take you any way. I know of a woman who ended up in
the hospital as a screaming nymphomaniac, but that was an extreme case. Yours,
at the very extreme, will last a week or two with recurrences from time to time
afterwards.

   Elizabeth eyed Beverley avariciously and went on. "You seem to have been
affected in a different way. You appear to need humiliation and pain. You also
drop into any part that is suggested to you to play. That's all to our benefit
darling."

   "As long as the pain and humiliation are sex connected, I don't mind," said
Beverley, "I won't be humiliated in any other way. I don't intend to become
someone's skivvy...Miss," she added as an afterthought

   "As long as your our whore for now." Elizabeth said. "You can get her ready
now Jennifer. The pub opens again in half an hour and I did promise.

   Beverley had been admiring Elizabeth's body during her monologue. Elizabeth's
pregnancy's, like Beverley's, had left no stretch marks on her soft, white skin.
Her breasts were reasonably large and a little pendulous, with large, brown
nipples that were stiff from exposure  Beverley felt a frisson of excitement
just admiring her. Elizabeth seemed to sense this and said,  "Come here Beverley
and kiss me."

   Beverley walked obediently over to Elizabeth and kissed her gently on her
lovely mouth. Elizabeth's mouth opened and Beverley thrust her tongue inside
urgently. She felt Elizabeth's hands on her breasts and felt the warm gush of
milk flow out.

   Elizabeth broke away and said, "We don't want to ruin your make up for the
show. Now do we?" 

   "No Miss," Beverley replied submissively.

   "Right Jennifer. Get her ready and...Beverley. Every time you want to go  wee
from now on you ask one of us first. Is that understood?."

   "Yes Miss," Beverley said in a small voice. She walked to the door with
Jennifer, stroking lightly between her legs for the benefit of the two men and
the boy. The craving ache was increasing inside her.

   Beverley and Jennifer went into the bedroom where Elizabeth had laid out the
outfit designated for Beverley.

   Beverley was handed a brief, pink garter belt and grey nylon stockings which
she slipped on, the garter belt having little fancy silk covers over the
catches. Next came a beautiful pair of pink silk French knickers that came up to
her navel but were flared loose at the tops of her legs. They were part of a
matching set, the pink silk brassiere cupping her small breasts and outlining
her hard nipples.

   Jennifer handed her a lovely figure hugging petticoat in a fragile white
material that Beverley couldn't identify. It proved to be knee length with a low
scoop on her breasts and two thin silk straps delicately holding her slim, white
shoulders.

   Beverley completed the ensemble with a dainty pair of grey, high heeled
shoes. A slim, grey knee length skirt came over her slightly swelling tummy to
end, zipped up the back, just below her breasts. Her upper half was in a thin,
white sleeveless blouse covered by a pink, rayon bolero jacket with
three-quarter length flared sleeves and white, satin elbow length gloves.

   After Jennifer had put the icing on the cake with a large brimmed, white
straw hat Beverley looked at herself in the mirror and remarked with some
amusement, "I look ready for a day at Ascot, not displaying myself for the
amusement of them at the pub."

   Jennifer, applying a little more pale face powder, and defining Beverley's
lip line with the crimson lip paint said, "You look stunning. Mummy wants you to
look far too upper class for any of them so I would advise you to go along with
that. Don't forget, Mummy will find out if you go for a pee without any of us
being told. You're just to drink plenty of lemonade till we join you in the pub.

   It was the first intimation that Beverley had that she would be going to the
pub on her own to begin with. "Meet us in the snug bar," Jennifer told her. 

   When Beverley entered the living room, she could see how her new look
impressed them all. David looked positively love struck.

   "Right darling," Elizabeth said. Still naked as was Jennifer.  "Don't forget
your instructions and, if you have any difficulty getting into the snug mention
Terry's name."

   With that Beverley let herself out of the back door, into the leafy lane that
lead to the pub.

   As she strolled up the lane she noticed that, whilst the weather was
seasonably warm it had clouded over somewhat as though for a summer
thunderstorm.

   Not wishing to spoil her lovely new outfit she hurried to the pub before the
first, fat splashes of rain hit the ground.

   Going into the pub Beverley noticed how crowded it was and guessed wryly,
that there had been some word of mouth advertisement going on. Making her way to
the snug bar, Beverley was stopped at the door by a barman she recognised from
the night previous. He didn't seem to recognise Beverley and, after giving her
an appreciative glance, said "You can go in anytime beautiful."

   Taking a pair of sunglasses out of her purse Beverley gave him a cool look
and went to the bar.

   She sat on a bar stool and ordered a large lemonade, making an excuse about
driving, and sat back.

   No one seemed to connect this beautiful stranger to the sex show of the
previous night and Beverley relaxed and crossed her flawless legs, feeling the
pure silk of her knickers slide off her pubic area under her skirt. It gave her
a very erotic thrill to know that under her immaculate skirt, her narrow silk
gusset had slithered to one side and had bared her vagina. She hugged this
secret knowledge to herself, coolly looking around.

   Mindful of Elizabeth's admonition not to go to the toilet Beverley felt
slightly uncomfortable but, perversely ordered another large lemonade and
uncrossed her legs, hooking her high heels over the chair bar and allowing her
knees to part.

   With her hand on her lap Beverley surreptitiously eased the silky gusset of
her knickers all the way over to one side, baring her wet swollen pussy again
under her skirt and petticoat. She could feel a soft breeze waft up her skirt
every time the door opened, playing on her bare vagina. It gave Beverley an
enormous thrill but she kept her face composed and expressionless as instructed
by Elizabeth.

   Just then an obnoxious type came and stood beside Beverley and ordered a
drink. He turned to her with a knowing leer and said in a patronising fashion...

   "I shouldn't hang around here too long darling. There's going to be a show
for the boys later. It's not for the likes of pretty ladies like yourself."

   Looking at him coldly through her sunglasses, Beverley snapped, "First of
all, I'm not your darling. Secondly, I notice that I'm not the only female in
the bar, so you can just shut up and go."

   The man flushed and moved a little way down the bar from her. If he only knew
how my cunt was soaking under my skirt Beverley thought, thankful that he
didn't. He wasn't Beverley's type at all.

   Just then Elizabeth's quiet voice said in Beverley ear, "I know that Tom's an
odious toad but he's going to have you. He's probably got the biggest prick this
side of the Thames."

   Beverley looked around and saw that Elizabeth and Jennifer were stood there.

   "My God," breathed Elizabeth, "You look absolutely stunning. Have you obeyed
my orders about going to the toilet? ."

   Beverley nodded, "Yes Miss," even then not letting her features slip but
keeping the coldly aristocratic look on her face. "I suppose you want me to
drink another lemonade Miss." she added.

   Elizabeth bought her another, pausing to talk to Terry behind the bar and
handing him a parcel.

   "Right" said Elizabeth, handing Beverley the lemonade, "I don't want you to
engage Tom there in conversation, but I do want him to see the goods as it were.
Sort of show yourself to him by accident if you know what I mean. I want that
bastard all steamed up and thinking he's not going to get any action.

   Beverley looked at Elizabeth in dismay, "But he's repulsive Miss. I couldn't
fancy him at all."

   "It's not a matter of who you fancy young lady." Elizabeth said sharply, 
"It's a matter of who I fancy to humiliate you with. Don't forget you became my
toy when you fancied shagging my husband. The attraction for you is it will be
the biggest humiliation yet. I know how that drug works and how you will be
feeling at the moment. Just think about it."

   Beverley pondered what Elizabeth had said, finishing her drink off and
receiving another. She had to admit that she craved debasement of every kind.
She glanced thoughtfully at Tom, who was eyeing her surreptitiously.

   Grudgingly conceding Elizabeth's argument, Beverley looked away from him
stonily and twisted her upper body to the bar. As if by chance her skirt gaped
at the hem. She could feel Tom's hot inspection of her nylon-covered legs and
allowed her knees to part, permitting her inner thigh above the tops of her
stockings to show. From their position at the bar only Tom could see this and
thought he was getting a free, secret look at a beautiful and unsuspecting
female's legs.

   Beverley allowed him to gaze on as she looked into the bar mirror, noticing
that Elizabeth was joining Don and Sydney at a small table. She casually moved
her right foot up to the rung above on the seat. Tom sat down at a small table
situated on the bend of the bar. Now he was there, a position Beverley needed to
give him a very private and exclusive show.

   Unseen to Tom, Beverley's right hand crept over the top of her right thigh on
the other side of her skirt from him. She managed, with small jerks, to
completely pull the very narrow gusset of her pink knickers away from the front,
baring her soaking vagina.

   Ever so slowly, Beverley moved her legs in his direction, as if in an
absent-minded fashion. She knew from his laboured breathing that he was looking
right up her skirt to her hairy cunt. Out of the corner of her eye she could see
that he had an enormous erection under his trousers. Cruelly she turned away
just as Terry was announcing the start of the lunchtime entertainment. He
flicked a switch and the large screen lit up with a huge picture of her posing
as a small child.

   Watching Tom with interest she saw that he did not connect the girl on the
screen with her. However, since his interest was momentarily on the TV, Beverley
got up and went to the ladies.

   No sooner was she in there than Jennifer came in. "Mummy said."

   "I know what Mummy said," parroted Beverley, pulling up her skirt, "But Mummy
also said I have to tease that moron out there and, I seem to have competition
with my TV image at the moment."

   Beverley had pulled her skirt and petticoat up to her waist, revealing her
now wet silk knickers.

   "We've brought some more knickers for you," observed Jennifer.

   "At the moment I'm more concerned about these," murmured Beverley, catching
hold of the thin gusset and pulling it tight up into her swollen slit. Her pink,
wet clitoris stood out proud, like a glistening tongue.  She took two hair-clips
from her purse and pinned each leg of her knickers to her garter belt.

   Before Beverley could push down her skirt again Jennifer stopped her,  "My
God, you are beautiful like that." Beverley stood with her legs apart. The pink
and grey outfit and stylish hat contrasting glaringly with the sluttish way she
had her skirts hiked up and her vagina bulging forward invitingly.

   "Back to work," she said wryly, pushing her skirt down and heading for the
door.

   As she returned to her seat, she saw Tom lecherously looking at her sexy
sway. She gave him a cold glare and arranged herself on her seat in a modest
fashion for the moment.

   The film was on either the fourth or fifth man fucking her so she knew she
had plenty of time to tease him.

   As for Tom. He just couldn't believe his luck. He'd caught the classiest
woman in the bar, inadvertently exposing her most private parts to him.

   When he noticed her go to the toilet, he had a quick word with the barmaid
and got her to turn on the lights below the bar counter on the customer's side,
shifting the woman's seat a shade outwards at the same time.

   Resuming his privileged place he saw her return and take her seat again. He
was disappointed to see that her skirt was now modestly down to her knees and he
gave his attention back to the video of the gorgeous slut from the previous
night. A pleasure he had unfortunately missed.

   Out of the corner of his eye he noticed the woman change position. She had
again accidentally allowed her skirt to ride up those gorgeous legs and was
allowing Tom the sight of her white thighs above her stockings.

   This time the concealed lighting threw a spotlight on the area giving Tom a
clear view. As he watched the woman changed position slightly. Tom had to stop
himself from falling off his seat. She had moved her right leg up to the upper
rung and Tom could see her hairy cunt. Her knickers must have been drawn up too
far in the toilet and the centre piece had caught in her crack, emphasising the
swollen lips either side.

   Tom took a quick glance at her to see if she suspected anything. She sat
calmly, sipping her drink. Her fashionable white hat shading her sunglasses,
making her features unreadable. Everything was so correct. Her stylish outfit
declaring her to be a member of the smart set with only Tom being privy to her
unintentional lapse. He settled back to enjoy the two shows.

   Beverley knew she had the bastards sly attentions as she continued to gaze
stonily into the mirror at the rear of the bar.

   She felt her vagina beginning to pulse again with the attention, as if it had
a life of it's own. She watched the video of herself through the mirror to the
end, drinking two more large lemonades in the process and allowing Tom to drool
over her naked cunt.

   When the show was over, Elizabeth and Terry took the small stage. "Did
everyone enjoy the show?" asked Terry with a lecherous smile. Amid a chorus of
approval Elizabeth broke in, "The young ladies name is Beverley, and she has
graced us with her presence today."

   Beverley saw everyone looking round in vain to see who it was and was
gratified that no one connected her new image with the insatiable nymphet on the
screen.

   "I can see that your all wondering who the little lady can be," said
Elizabeth,  "There can't be many cunts like that around now can there?."  Amidst
some laughter Elizabeth went on, "Will the real Beverley stand up please?."

   After a little hesitation, Beverley got off the bar stool and approached the
stage. She saw that this revelation had knocked Tom, and a few others sideways.

   Beverley stood beside Terry and Elizabeth passively as Elizabeth described
her various attributes, physically accompanying her discourse with actions.

   "You all want proof that this is the young lady in question of course," said
Elizabeth. Turning to Beverley, she ordered,  "Beverley. Pull up your skirt!." 

   Looking nervously around, Beverley hesitated. "Get your skirt up now you
slut" commanded Elizabeth imperiously.

   Beverley looked the very antithesis of a slut as she stood there in front of
them all, her stylish outfit, gloves and hat reflecting more a society lady than
anything else.

   She reached down to the hem of her grey dress and pulled it up slowly, past
the tops of her stockings to her waist, gathering her petticoat with it along
the way. The hair-clips had fallen out on the way to the stage, so she stood
there showing off her frilly French knickers to the crowd.

   "Now for the famous cunt," Elizabeth relentlessly continued, "What have we to
do next you whore? ."

   "Pull my knickers down Miss" said Beverley timidly.

   "Well then. Don't let me stop you" invited Elizabeth.

   Beverley took hold of the waistband of her knickers and, holding her skirt
and petticoat up with her elbows, pushed her knickers down over her belly, past
her abundant pubic hair, to her knees.

   "Now let everyone see your hole you little cunt" Elizabeth went on, "In fact
let them see both holes and spread them well."

   Beverley put her gloved fingers on either side of her moist slit, spread her
legs wide apart, and pulled her nether lips open. She looked down at herself and
was surprised to see that she was coming almost as much as a man. Thick wet
vaginal juices were seeping out of her cunt and down the insides of her white
thighs.

   Turning her back to the audience she bent over and again spread her legs wide
apart. Bringing her hands round the outside of her  bottom, she took hold of
each cheek and pulled them open displaying her tight, puckered anus. Beverley
could see the large screen in front of her and was surprised to observe that a
huge, blown up picture of her disgraceful position was being screened. Bent over
with her skirt and petticoat hauled up, her knickers round by her knees and her
wide-open backside pulled apart, displaying her nether regions in living colour.

   "Right Beverley," came the gloating voice of Elizabeth,  "Turn and face the
customers. You can retain that position and take off your right glove."

   Beverley, still bent over, turned and placed her legs apart again, still
pulling the cheeks of her bum open. She saw that Terry had pulled a TV monitor,
with built in camera from the side and had placed it in front of her. He fiddled
with a switch and her lovely, agonised face faded off screen to be replaced with
the view of her behind again, this time with one hand bare

   "Right you bitch," said Elizabeth, unscrewing a vase of Vaseline.  "Dip your
middle finger into this and screw yourself from the rear."

   Looking from the TV monitor to the rapt audience, Beverley put her middle
finger into the jar and then placed it against her arsehole. Screwing up her
eyes she pushed her finger into her hole and, after getting over the initial
pain, started to work it in and out. Her beautiful blue eyes darting round the
room to observe the reaction. It seemed to be one of enthralled attention.

   She could see herself on the monitor, pushing her sticky finger in and out of
her arsehole at an ever increasing speed, gasping and moaning as her vagina
seemed to pick up the rhythm and oozed her juices out.

   Before Beverley could achieve any climax Elizabeth ordered her to withdraw
her finger and appealed to the customers. 

   "Do you want a repeat of last night's potty performance?" she asked,
producing the chamber pot.

   Amidst general approbation Elizabeth stood Beverley upright, placed the
chamber pot on the stage and took hold of Beverley's knees at the rear. Pulling
her knees as wide apart as she could, Elizabeth lifted Beverley up and dangled
her over the pot. Beverley looked down at her soaking cunt and the potty
beneath. Then she pulled the lips open with her fingers on each side and started
to urinate into the pot, again looking around the audience, desperately seeking
approval for her sluttish behaviour.

   Apart from one or two embarrassed people there seemed to be a general air of
lustful endorsement of her actions. She must have looked an unusually erotic
sight swinging in front of Elizabeth. A sophisticated lady, dressed in the
height of fashion with her knickers round her knees, peeing copiously into a
chamber pot.

   Feeling her urine trickling to a halt Beverley released the sides of her cunt
and indicated to Elizabeth that she had finished. Elizabeth allowed her to stand
up and said, "Pull your knickers up for the moment slut.?"

   Whilst Beverley was pulling up her knickers and smoothing her skirts down,
Elizabeth was instructing her in what was expected of her that lunchtime.

   It seemed she required Beverley to circulate the room, offering her favours
to anyone interested but starting off with the one person Beverley did not
like... Tom.

   "Don't forget to ask them all if you can please take your knickers off for
them now" cautioned Elizabeth as Beverley stepped off the stage to urgent calls
from all round the bar for her attention.

   She looked the smart city type again with her fashionable hat still in place,
both gloves now removed ready for action.

   Beverley made her way reluctantly to Tom's small table by the bar. Eyeing her
coldly he said with some bitterness  "So you have to be ordered to service me
eh?. Like a female stud."

   Beverley, equally as cool replied, "Well!, I'm here now. What do you want me
to do?. I suppose you want me to lower my knickers?."

   Tom looked spitefully at her, "Lady; you've already done that to please all
these people. I don't need you to do it again."

   "Good" said Beverley, and turned to leave.

   "Just a moment you cow" came Elizabeth's voice from the stage.

   Beverley looked round and saw that Elizabeth and Terry were still on the
stage. Terry was still videoing all the action from a hand held camera, also two
or three strategically placed cameras around the pub. It was like being in an
impromptu stage play Beverley thought.

   "You service Tom or suffer the consequences. Do you understand bitch?."

   Beverley nodded quickly,  "Yes Miss."  Tom looked narrowly at her. He now
knew who was jerking her strings.

   Well he wasn't going to turn this choice piece of luck down but first of all
he'd have her screaming for it. Tom would make sure it was the dirtiest fuck
she'd had, after the patronising way he'd been treated by her.

   Beverley knew that she was trapped. She now had to somehow make up to this
odious bastard. Looking into the large, colour screen of the TV behind the stage
she noted that, after all she had subjected herself to, she still looked
elegant. Taking her lipstick tube from her purse and repairing her lips, she
said, in a soft voice, "Don't you want me to do something special, Just for you
Tom?. Something you can ask me to do that no one else has thought of?."

   Tom studied her attractive figure awhile and murmured,  "To begin with you
can drop that indulgent tone and talk dirty when you mean it."

   Beverley, somewhat encouraged said, "Sure Tom. Is it a good fuck you want?.
I'll do anything that pleases you."

   Tom glanced at her skirt, "To begin with you can masturbate yourself. Start
on top of your skirt and work yourself up. Describe it for us all."

   Beverley dropped her hands to the outside of her skirt and started to rub her
fingers up and down her crotch, pressing the material into her vulva,  "Is this
what you want to see me do Tom?. You like to watch me finger myself through my
skirt?. I used to do this when I was a young teenager. I'd see some boy I'd like
in school and I'd put my fingers down the front of my skirt and into my
knickers. If we were in class, I'd have my desk hiding me and I'd push my
fingers into my cunt while I watched him. I'd like to do this whilst you play
with your prick. I've heard it's a big one Tom. Can I see it please Tom?."  All
the time she was speaking Beverley kept up a steady rhythm, stroking her vagina
through her skirt.

   "I'll show you my cock when you have pushed your knickers down to your
ankles" Tom said. Beverley started to reach down but Tom's voice stopped her, 
"Don't pull your skirt up again. Push them down from the outside."

   "Ooh yes Tom."  Beverley complied, finding some difficulty to begin with but,
with her knickers past her lower belly, having less trouble easing them down her
legs. Tom watched as her knickers came into view below the hem of her skirt. He
noticed that the crotch was soaking with moisture from Beverley's attempted
climaxes.  "Hotter for it than you made out earlier aren't we?" he enquired
sarcastically.

   "Yes Tom,  I'm sorry about that. I'll make it up to you I promise." 
Beverley, her knickers around her pretty ankles, was again kneading the front of
her skirt with her fingers. She could feel her naked vagina under the thin
materials of her skirt and petticoat.

   She set her legs apart as far as the hobbling effect of her skirt and
knickers would allow. Her knees buckled slightly as she felt a wave of moisture
trickle from her cunt. "Take your cock out now Tom, please," she begged, her
fingers digging into her crotch as she gasped and moaned in frustration.

   Tom unzipped his trousers and, with maddening slowness, took out his penis.
Beverley drew in a short breath of amazement as she saw the size of it. Taken
from the top, it must have been ten inches from the base to the end. She'd never
dreamt there were any that large. Tom was stroking it in front of her and
Beverley was nearly ripping her skirt, her fingers frantically forcing the
fabric of her petticoat and skirt into her wet crack.

   "Ooh Tom," she almost drooled,  "Put it in me. Fuck me please Tom" she
gasped.

   "Over here to this table" Tom ordered, moving the glasses off the long, low
table.

   Beverley, her fingers still stimulating her vagina through her skirt, hobbled
across to the table. Her legs were feeling very trembly as she stood facing it's
full length.

   "Right you patronising little slut. Lie face down the full length of it. Keep
wanking yourself off." Tom said coarsely.

   Beverley, aware of all the eyes in the room that were on her, tried to comply
with some decorum but, finding this impossible, had to revert to inelegantly
kneeling, then half sprawling face down on the table before she could bring her
legs together, still bunching her skirt into her crotch in an agony of
frustration.

   Above her head she could hear Tom invite a few of the other customers to feel
at her as she continued to masturbate. She could feel them stroking her behind
and legs, some venturing up her skirt past the tops of her stockings making
Beverley sob with unfulfilled passion. Tom had positioned himself in front of
her face and was showing his huge member to her but not allowing her any
contact. Beverley thought she would scream before long. When Tom finally moved
to the rear Beverley was ready to do anything for him.

   She could feel him pulling her skirt up from behind. She eased her hips off
the table to allow it to come up to her waist, exposing her backside. Tom took
hold of the backs of her thighs and moved Beverley's knees up parallel to her
waist in a frog like fashion.

   She still had her knickers round her ankles and her arms were tucked beneath
her, her hands massaging her now bare vagina frantically. She had her head to
one side allowing her to see half the audience. She heard Tom's voice say, 
"What's happened to the disdainful cow who told me to go away then?. She can't
have turned into this little whore can she Beverley?."

   "I know Tom," Beverley gasped, "I'm just a slut really. I'm your whore Tom.
Fuck me please darling."

   Tom came into her vision again,  "I'm going to put this up your behind slut,"
he informed a horrified Beverley.

   "Tom, please. It's much too large," she gasped. "Just put it up my cunt,
please."

   Ignoring her pleas Tom went back to her rear. "Tom," Beverley cried, "If
you're going to put it in my arsehole lubricate it please. Put it in my cunt
first."

   Beverley felt Tom's hands on either side of her hips. He pulled her up off
the table slightly then, completely disregarding her pleas, he thrust His big
prick into Beverley's anus. Beverley screamed aloud in pain and outrage. It felt
for awhile that she was being split in two.

   Tom persisted in his invasion of her most secret place unaccustomed to this
depravity, thrusting his huge member in and out with Beverley crying piteously
at his assault. After awhile Beverley felt the raging desire creep over her
flesh again and, in between little cries of pain, she began to respond.

    "Go on Tom, Fuck my arsehole, Fuck it, fuck it, fuck it you bastard. Make me
shit come"  She ended the last with a scream of satisfaction. Beverley felt
Tom's come spray inside her arsehole and she slumped across the table, her hairy
gash trickling with her own orgasm. She had just discovered a new and exciting
perversity.

   After two or three minutes Tom allowed Beverley to struggle to her feet.

   Her skirt fell back down to her knees and Beverley started to bend down to
pull up her knickers from around her ankles,  "Leave them there you fucking
slut" snapped Tom, still rankling from the way Beverley had treated him. "You
can do your whoring rounds with them round your feet. Sort of like a prostitutes
trademark."  Beverley hung her head and shuffled off to the other tables, her
knickers impeding her faltering progress.

   "Don't forget you slut. Talk dirty to the nice people," Tom called after her.

   Beverley hobbled from table to table, feeling Tom's semen trickling down the
backs of her thighs under her dress. Her own juices were lubricating her vagina
and wetting her frontal area as she paused at each table.

   "Do you want to see my wet cunt? ," she asked invitingly of both men and
women. Her husband Don turned her down, fondling Elizabeth's legs under her
skirt whilst she kissed him passionately in front of Beverley.

   Others however requested her to do various things for them, ranging from the
physically impossible, to a light stroke of her soaking vagina. The young couple
who requested this had Beverley stand in front of the wife whilst she stroked
her wet pussy through her skirt, her husband watching in approval. He then bent
down and caressed Beverley's beautiful ankles, running his hands over her
lowered knickers whilst his wife's fingers became more insistent, pressing into
Beverley's soft lower lips and making her gasp with excitement and pleasure.

   "Let me show you my cunt," she moaned, pulling the hem of her skirt up past
her stocking tops to her lower belly, baring her hairy gash for them. "Put your
fingers in my slit," panted Beverley to the wife, guiding her hand to her
vagina. The woman did as she was asked and Beverley bent over to look. Seeing
the woman's fingers sliding in and out of her sticky cunt, Beverley took the
young wife's face in her hands and gently kissed her lips.

   As they kissed Beverley felt the husband's fingers going up the back of her
legs till they reached her bare behind. She groaned slightly as she felt, first
one finger then two, enter her anus. Beverley spread her legs wider and gasped,
"Yes, yes.....Ooh please. Fuck my arsehole and cunt together." 

   She worked herself up and down on their respective fingers, feeling the dual
invasion of her body by these strangers and loving it.

   At another table the man asked her if she would urinate just for him.

   "Yesssss darling" Beverley murmured seductively, "What do you want me to wee
into? ."  The man produced an empty beer bottle that Beverley took from him.
Still hampered by her knickers around her pretty ankles, Beverley hoisted up her
skirt with her left hand and pushed the neck of the bottle into her wet cunt
with the other.

   Holding her skirt in an inverted 'V', Beverley strained for a moment then
felt the warm rush of her urine trickling into the bottle. Some inevitably
escaped and ran down the glassy sides of the container, making her hands
slippery. She looked down at the wanton sight, panting in lust. The bottle was
filling up with her pee, her cunt lips swollen either side of the neck, and her
knickers stretched tight around her ankles.

   Beverley saw that the bottle was filling fast and she struggled to stop
peeing. Just as the container was almost full Beverley managed to contain
herself. She was, however, still dying to finish urinating. She looked at the
man at the table and said in desperation...

   "Would you like to fuck me now?" 

   The man had hardly nodded when Beverley bent over for him, presenting her
bare bottom to him,  "Fuck me and pee inside my cunt." she panted, "I'll pee at
the same time. It'll be like a huge orgasm for the both of us."  The man dropped
his trousers quickly and Beverley scrambled desperately for his penis.

   Locating it she guided it into her vagina from the rear, conscious that most
of the customers had now gathered round them, watching her naked buttocks and
legs trembling with sensuality, her skirts again hoisted to her waist and her
knickers round her ankles. 'What the hell,' she thought, 'Give them something to
look at.'  She took hold of the neckline of her blouse and ripped it open, the
buttons giving under the strain.

   She then fished inside her petticoat top and brassiere, pulling out her two
small breasts for them all to see. As the man thrust his prick in and out of her
cunt Beverley squeezed her breasts, making them lactate with each compression.
"Ooh how I'm enjoying this," she groaned, "I love being fucked by strangers,"
she panted to the crowd,  "Somebody kiss me please," she said desperately. A
good looking young woman at the front took Beverley's face in her hands, and
kissed her on the lips as Beverley felt the man beginning to urinate inside her.

   She felt the hot surge of his urine as she strained herself, peeing at the
same time as he was. It was like an extended orgasm as they both urinated,
Beverley gasping and crying with emotion. After this exhibition the landlord had
to go round with the mop. Fortunately the floor in that part of the pub was
un-carpeted.

   Beverley was pawed at and groped by most of the customers in the next couple
of hours.

   At the end of the afternoons drinking session she was exhausted and
dishevelled, her make up smudged and smeared across her face, her small,
lactating breasts dragged out for all to see, her knickers still around her
pretty ankles and her skirts bunched up around her waist completely putting on
total display, her throbbing naked vagina.

   Elizabeth made Beverley sit at the bar and drink several more lagers till she
was bursting to pee again. She then took her to the bathroom where Beverley
cleaned herself up. They all went out to Elizabeth's car, Beverley looking every
inch the sophisticated lady again, her make up immaculate and her clothes in
place. The only thing wrong was Beverley's knickers, which were soaking under
her smart outfit.

   In the space of just the short time they'd known the hedonistic Sydney and
Elizabeth, Beverly had turned from a respectable housewife into a total slut and
things would never be the same again.

  THE END




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  4Nick8


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





