BDSM Library - The Vulvoid Transform




The Vulvoid Transform
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Genetech's monstrous experiment has succedded in producing living panties that enslave their male host by turning them into unwilling girls.
Vulvoid Transform - part 1

By Lisa James

This is the story of how my body was hijacked and how I became a sex slave in my
own body. It began on august 24, 2001 when I was hitch hiking through a part of
the American Oregon coast. I was just 18 and looked younger, when my old car
broke down on a back road near the town of Jammieson. I sat for ages trying to
hitch hike, the weather was getting gloomy and the day was getting late when a
modern van drove past me, slowing down. Without stopping straight away the
window rolled down and a man looked critically at me, up and down before telling
his driver to stop. They pulled over and asked me if I was looking for a ride
and if I needed shelter. When I said yes to both counts they both seemed please
and the diver said:'the doctor will be happy - one of the girls is ready they
say'. I was starting to get nervous when the guys clammed up and just drove
quickly through the darkening sky. The destination was confusing - it was a
girl's home sponsored by a company called Genetech.

When I asked the guys what the place as, they just laughed - one of them saying
'this place specializes in finishing girls!' and they both laughed. I asked them
what they meant and they said 'hang onto your dick boy - when were done with
you, you'll be able to feel a cunt whenever you want!'.

The van pulled up and they opened the door. I said I had changed my mind and
wanted to go. They said 'don't make us force you please... It will go easier on
you later if your cooperative.'

The other guy said 'yeah - if you cooperate we won't rape you after you've been
changed'. I was getting scared now, and demanded what they meant by changed, but
I got no answer. Leading me by the arm they led me to a door.

A girl sat on the step and as I got closer I was shocked to see she was sitting,
spread legged in a school dress with her hand firmly holding and feeling her
vulva through some light blue panties. She was crying and looked up as we
approached, staring at the men she said 'you bastards! Oh god! Oh my god you
bastards.... I can't bear it, I can't bear the feeling - you have ruined my
body! Oh god - I'm a girl! A girl!!! Please god no! I can't stop touching it! I
can't control myself!  Ooooohhhhh! - Oooohhhh! Ooooh' and she began moaning,
thrusting her flat panty covered girlhood into her rubbing hand, faster and
faster until she was obviously coming. I was transfixed, turned on and horrified
at the same time. The men pulled me harder past the girl who spread her legs
further as we past and obviously came. Her hand came away from her pubic mound
and her gusset became wet from her own orgasmic juices. As I was pulled through
the door, I thought I saw her panties moving of their own accord - a spasming
kind of throb as though they were gorging on her vaginal lubricants. She
collapsed in a sobbing heap as we walked through the door.

I was very afraid now, and asked the men what the hell was wrong with the girl.
They simply said 'she doesn't like being a girl!' As we walked down the
corridor, we passed a number of rooms that also had girls in them. In the first
room, a lone girl had her panties to he knees and was staring at her body in the
mirror. She was looking horrified when the nipples on her perfect pert breasts
suddenly engorged and her horror became more pronounced as her hand slid down
her stomach to her bald vulva.

'Oh god - please don't make me touch it!' she mouthed and then her hand began
exploring her girlhood. Her fingers caressed her labia, running up and down her
slit before she grabbed her cunt and forced her fingers into her vagina. Like
the girl out the front she was traumatized and was saying 'I can't bear it - oh
god, I have a cunt! I can't believe it; it's so foul, so flat, so female!!!!
Ooooh these breasts - these fucking breasts are forcing me! I can't bear to
touch it! Help me! Please god make me normal again!' And so she carried on until
we could not hear her any more.

I had a raging hard on, although I was deeply disturbed about the two girls
behavior, I was turned on by the sight of such beautifully female bodies.

At last we stopped at a room that had a sign 'conversions' - and I was forced
inside. I saw another person sitting on a bed who was crying. I looked at her
then heard a click and saw the room was now locked with just the two of us in
there.

I though the person was a girl at first, being bare breasted and with girls
panties like the others (light blue bikini style). The difference was the bulge
in this girls panties that looked like she actually had a dick. She looked at me
and said 'I am so sorry! I can't help this, I don't want to do it, but they are
making me!' The person spread their legs stared at the bulge.

'What the hell is this place? What the hell are you? You've got a dick but
you've got breasts as well!' At this she gave a sad laugh then gasped as her
breasts nipples began to engorge.

'Oh god - it's happening! I'm sorry - nobody has told you?'. She said

I said 'No - what the hell are you talking about?'

She said 'Genetech - they are monsters! This is not a girls school! It's a lab
for perfecting a foul military secret!' She gasped again and stared at the mound
between his/her legs and I saw it quiver and grow. I realized the bulge began
too low to be a penis.

'What the hell are you?' I asked.

'What you are going to become!' she said 'I'm a vulvoid girl! A slave to these
fucking panties! I was a boy just like you - we all were!'. Ohhh! She gasped
again and her hand grabbed the bulge between her legs and began to slowly
massage it, pushing its bulk up and down, rubbing it into her cunt.

'What the fuck do you mean? You are freaking me out!' I said.

She gave a weird laugh again and said 'you're not half as freaked as you will be
when you feel your cunt for the first time!.... You don't understand! Let me
tell you! Those fuckers at Genetech hijacked our bodies! These panties you see
us wearing are alive! They put them on you and they change you into a girl. They
give you breasts that control you! They make you feed them by masturbating your
foul girl's mouth until it spews girl cum and these fucking horrendous life
forms lap up your cunt juices as food! They make you do it every few hours -
touching and feeling your ruined body, feeling this foul mouth organ in the void
where your cock once was! While the fucking panties inject your body with
massive quantities of a virus that reprograms your sex, it grows these foul
things on your chest' At this she grabbed her breasts and gave a quiet scream.
'They control you! They make you do things you don't want to do! But the worst
thing is that this is not the weapon part - they can force you to turn other
people into girls as well!'.

I began hyperventilating as she lay down, stared between her legs at the
engorged mound that quivered and she gave a quiet sob as the mound suddenly
disappeared. 'Oh god - I cant bear having a vagina! Its in me! It's in me! Oh
god I am being raped!' and at that I saw the bulge reappear and then disappear
and then reappear. It began slowly then began faster and soon it was throbbing
like a heart. The girl was gasping at each disappearance of the bulge, as she
claimed the bulge entered her vagina like some penis violating her enforced
girlhood in a most unbelievable manner.

I stood and ran to the window, desperately trying to open the window to escape.
I couldn't imagine the horror the girl was experiencing and I sure as hell
didn't want to end up an enslaved girl like her. As I banged on the window the
girl howled with indignity and sprang off the bed. Even as the panties thrust
into her with a frenzied madness she grabbed her breasts and pointed the nipples
at me, screaming 'I am sorry - my breasts are forcing me! Ohhhh' - her breasts
sprayed a liquid that hit me in the face. I quickly became numb and dropped like
a stone to the floor, completely aware but paralyzed!

The girl was terrorized but obviously unable to control her actions. I was
shaking with fear and horror as she crouched on the floor near my head, pointing
her throbbing panty crotch at my head so that it periodically touched me as it
throbbed and pulsated. 'Ohhhh I feel so violated! - Look at me! This will be
you! You're staring at your own cunt! They are going to make me give birth to
your fucking sex change panties! Ohh Ohh Ohh Ohh Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!' and all
of a sudden she came, the bulge in the panties emptied their contents into her
girlhood and the panties stopped suddenly.

The girl just sat and sobbed, staring at the wet panty between her legs that hug
her vulva lips like a second skin. I couldn't even talk I was so scared. The
girl cried and cried and said 'sorry' about a hundred times. She told me how she
became a girl and how her new genitals felt. 'I feel such penis envy! You can't
imagine what its like to have nothing but a mouth and a hole between your legs!'
She pulled her panties off and threw them in a corner then began to undress me.
I couldn't speak still, but I implored her with my eyes. She just looked at her
erect breasts and said 'I am being forced! I don't want to subject you to my
sexual horror! I am being forced!!!'

She took all my clothes off and at last took my underpants off. I had a raging
hard on from seeing so much girlhood. She sighed and began to feel my cock,
looking at me and saying 'I so miss my dick - this fuck mouth between my legs
just feels so wrong!'. Then she started to groan. She said 'Oh god! Here it
comes! Your panties!!! Oh god I'm giving birth! I can't bear it!!! Please god
noooo!!!'.

She straddled her vulva lips over my exposed dick and began groaning. She moaned
for a full five minutes before I saw her cunt lips begin to part, forced apart
from inside. What slowly pushed out was a pair of panties - just like hers! The
panties were writhing as they cam out, and as the last part slipped from her
vagina, the panties plopped onto my dick!

Like a thing alive they moved, flowing around my dick and balls while I stared
in slack jawed horror. The pretty elastic edges of the panties that these foul
living panties were modeled on was moving like some bacterial cilla. The panties
pulled themselves around my body, with their edges parting and resealing as
necessary they parked themselves on me like I had pulled them on purpose. Where
the panties touched my flesh, I felt a revulsion and tingling sensation, a
crawling of flesh as though my body innately knew the panty contact was bad. I
was crying and shaking with fear. I did not want to be turned into a girl! I did
not want to loose my dick to that flat lipped mouth that the poor girl before me
was forced to experience.

I found that I could speak again and I screamed 'get them off me! Please I don't
want a cunt! I don't want one of those things between my legs! Oh please!!
Please!!!'.

The girl was just a sobbing mess in the corner, holding her pussy and crying 'my
body - oh god my body has been ruined, I'm a girl!!!' over and over.

I was getting more and more feeling all the time and could feel the fucking
panty life forms squeezing my dick. I looked at the elastic edges of the panties
that were, to my horror, now on me and saw they were actually gripping my flesh
like little claws.

I found I could move and groggily tried to pull the panties off, they would not
budge. They gripped my skin with vice like force. The panties gusset was
enlarging, growing before my eyes and was beginning to squeeze my dick and
balls.

I sat up and stood. The girl looked up and said 'you might as well lie down -
your as good as a girl now - you wont get them off until you've stuck a finger
in your new vagina!'

I screamed 'I won't be turned into a girl! You have no right!' and I grabbed a
chair and smashed the window. Although it was now dark and raining, I ran into
the night with just a pair of engorging vulvoid panties on. The security alarm
went off and, looking behind as I ran, I saw the two men from before burst into
the room and see the broken window. I didn't have to stay to know they were
pursuing me!

I was in an adrenaline rush, intent on flight, and so I forgot the growing bulge
between my legs for a moment. That was until I felt a pain like being kicked in
the balls. I collapsed in the bushes and stared between my now numbing legs. The
bulge was gone, and I figured the pain was the fluid from the bulge had been
forced down my penis shaft. To my absolute horror I felt and watched the bulge
grow again and again deflate, pushing its contents into my body through my penis
shaft, skin and through the hypodermic-like elastic edges. I heard the men run
from the building and I began to run as well, despite the fact that I again felt
the panties engorge and pump my body with some foul feminizing fluid! I ran for
ages to the roadside, hoping to find a car and rescue, but none came - so I lay
in the bushes, trying with increasing desperation to pull the panties off.

The engorgement and deflation grew in intensity and soon it looked as though I
had a throbbing heart between my legs. Despite me best efforts, the panties
would not budge. It seemed my skin would tear off before they would be removed.
The best I could do was to grab the throbbing mound and try to retard its
progress by holding it tight in my hand. Despite me best efforts, the panties
still pulsated and ravaged my body - albeit at a slower pace.

I heard the men run past and keep going, thinking I had left the area.

I began feeling sick, and sore - especially my nipples. I heard a car sound
approaching and so crawled out of the bushes to flag the car down. The driver
saw what looked like a near nude young man waving him down and sped past.

I silently screamed, but then stopped in shock. My nipples were expanding! I
grabbed them and screamed 'oh god no - please no!' as my small boys areole
became girls nipples, then the space beneath them began to form a lump. I
grabbed them with both hands, abandoning my throbbing crotch, but failed to
prevent them blossoming into full breasts underneath my trembling hands.

The size and weight was astounding and I heard my disembodied voice scream
'breasts! Oh god no!!!! Please no!! They are so big and they want to control
me!!!!'. It took less than five horrific minutes for me to grow pert size 12
breasts that seem to send electric shocks into my body as though they were
wiring up to my nervous system. In some horrified part of my mind I knew that
was exactly what was happening.

Again I grabbed my crotch to try to vainly stop the panties throbbing. Between
throbs I felt my poor dick and balls underneath the panty fabric. I was shocked
at how much smaller they felt and all of a sudden it actually sunk in that I was
going to have a cunt between my legs!. I was hyperventilating, holding my
throbbing panty crotch and staring at my ripe breasts as I heard a car. I
desperately waved it down and this time it stopped.

It was a young surfer, who saw my breasts and thought himself lucky. I clambered
in before he saw my true situation and I screamed at him to drive me to a
hospital, that the panties were trying to turn me into a girl and that I had to
get them off.

Half in shock and with one eye looking at my writhing form on the back seat and
one eye on the road he began to drive. I could really feel my penis and balls
changing now, at an alarming rate and I began to scream 'oh god! Please, no
please I am becoming a girl! I can feel the changes! It's too fast! You have to
get them off me!!! I will have a fucking cunt before we get to a hospital!!!
Ohhh god noooooo!!!!'.

The boy stopped and ran to the back, opening the passenger door. I was spread
eagled on the back seat, with my throbbing panties revealing a radically
different looking crotch upon deflation. My back arched and I felt my hips
widen.

I screamed at the boy to get the panties off me, but he backed away in horror
and just watched. 'Oh please, please - help me my balls, my balls!!!!' and I
felt a popping pain as my balls finally became absorbed into my abdominal
cavity. The throbbing continued and all I could say was 'my penis - oh god, it's
going!!! Nooooo!!!!' as it shrank with each throb to nothing. 

I now looked so much like a girl, my back arched again, my legs spread and with
my crotch high in the air, covered by a throbbing pair of vulvoid panties, I
felt the worst sensation imaginable.... Parting skin and forming lips. I did not
have to see it to know I was developing labia lips, both inner and outer. My sex
change had reached an irreversible position, and while I screamed 'girl!!! Oh no
- I can feel the fucking mouth between my legs... You bastard! Why didn't you
stop them...? I'm a girl!!!! Ooooohhhhhh .... Vagina!!!! Oh god I feel it.... I
feel it..... Noooooo! It's so invasive!!! It's like a mouth!!!! Noooooo!!!! A
Throat between my legs!!!! No..... I'm a girl!!!!'. As I screamed this, my
vagina pushed inside my body.

I lay shaking thinking it over when I felt a wave of sexual tension in a most
horrific form as my clitoris also formed. The panties suddenly stopped and I
grabbed the panty covered mound in my hand and felt a cunt - my cunt. I slipped
my hand under the now released panty fabric and felt a flat lipped void where my
penis and balls once was. I spread my legs and grabbed the foul mound, pulling
my panties to my knees and sobbing as I saw and felt the vulva I now sported
where my manhood once stood. I had become a girl!

I began to cry uncontrollably knowing that my life had changed forever. At that
moment the same van that had originally picked me up pulled up with the same two
men in it. With a sick laugh the men jumped from the cab.

"Welcome to the club" one of them said. "Nice snatch!" said the other.

The poor boy who had picked me up began to understand that he was in trouble.
One of the men punched him to the ground and began to push him into the van
saying "when this bitch is ready - I'm going to enjoy watching you become a
girl!".

To be continued....




The Vulvoid Transform - Part 2

By Lisa James

After my horrific transformation was complete I lay spread legged on the ground
as the two Genetech henchmen opened the back of the van. Where I once had a
penis and scrotum I now had a bald vulva - utterly female and feeling precisely
how it looked, like a flat mouth between my legs. I regained some composure and
managed to pull the panties down my legs and off. Although relatively still they
still seemed to be alive, the gusset occasionally moving as if breathing. I
threw them onto the grass and began to sob again. They were all staring at me
and specifically between my legs - the Genetech men and the young man who had
just watched my sex change. I closed my legs and again felt my new labia lips
touch together - a sensation that I could barely believe I was feeling and hated
utterly.

'Put those panties back on now and get in the van!' yelled one of the men

'You've got to be joking you bastard! Im a girl! These fucking panties have
ruined my body! I have to get to a doctor! I have to change back into a male!!!
Oh god! My voice, Ive got a girls voice!!! Pleeeeasseee help meeee!!!!' I wailed
desperately whilst alternately clutching at my throat, my breasts and between my
legs.

'Forget it bitch! Its irreversable so youd better get used to it. I hear the
first vaginal orgasm is pretty great, did you find that? hehehehehe' he laughed
and of course I screamed. 'Enough talk! The doc wants to see you now, put your
panties back on and get in the van!'

'You bastards! You cant! Oh god no! I wont! I..... ahhh!!!!' I replied only to
be choked short by another horrendous sensation. I gasped as I looked at two
misplaced mounds on my chests that were another graphic reminder of my new sex -
my breasts. Again my nipples expand and I had that same helpless feeling as my
body moved against my wishes and picked the panties back up again. Shuddering
against the revulsion the panties made me feel I robotically slipped my legs
through the panties leg holes and began pulling them back up my legs. I watched
them as they drew closer to my bald cunt, seeing the slight quiver to the edges
and the faint movement in the gusset. My eyes flicked between seeing this
superbly female mound and the panties coming to rest over the very place they
had previously embraced a penis. This time a vulva welcomed their touchdown and
the panties seemed to cup and grab the very mound as they finally came to rest.
I was breathless watching the erotic event whilst tortured to know this was no
movie I was seeing, it was a desolately flat and invasive female sex organ
between my own previously male legs! As if to prove their claim the panties
seemed to mould themselves momentarily to my cunt's every contour - sucking into
my vulva slit and feeling like they were squeezing my vulva as if to say 'I did
this to you!'. My body shuddered upright and despite my desperate efforts to
regain control, I walked into the van and sat, spread legged on a bench seat in
the van.

The Genetech men were dragging the young man into the van whilst he began to act
hysterically. I knew he had just seen these very panties change me from a young
man into a sobbing and thoroughly enslaved girl. The men had told him in no
uncertain terms than this is the fate that awaited him and naturally he was not
about to let that happen. 'Get away from me!' he screamed 'I dont know who the
fuck you are, but youre not going to do that to me!' he continued, pointing at
my crotch whilst he backed away. I heard a snap as one of the men pulled out a
gun and loaded a clip, pointing it at the young man.

'Get in the car Mr, or you wont last long enough to even worry about penis
envy!' the Genetch thug said

The young man just broke down and started crying as he reluctantly got into the
van. 'Please dont!' he begged. 'I couldnt bear being turned into a girl! Please!
I can give you money! Anything! But please - not that!' again he pointed a
finger between my legs, but unintentionally he actually touched my vulva right
in the middle of my slit. We both watched in shock and in slow motion as his
stiff finger pushed the panty fabric inside my slit and into my vagina. This
stark reminder of my dramatically different sex organ, the sensation of another
persons body part inside me made me sick with grief. I began to whimper, as did
he knowing that he might soon have the same thing between his legs. Our eyes
locked and I became dizzy with shock... At that moment it was all just too much
and I passed out....

Some time later I woke up lying on a bed in what looked like a doctors office. I
was disoriented for a moment thinking that I had had a really bad dream and I
went to sit up. The weight of my breasts immediately struck me and I looked down
to see the foul appendages gracing my chest, alien and wickedly ripe. My mind
rushed back to the nightmare and I realised that it was in fact a very real
memory. Perhaps I had blocked it out, becuase I screamed again when my eyes
droped from my breasts, across my flat stomach and took in the obviously female
curve of my panty covered crotch. Clearly I no longer had any bulge from a
penis, rather the rounded flatness of a cunt with a cleft of a labia clearly
visible in the clinging panties hugging form. The memories of my transformation
flooded back and I began hyperventilating thinking about what I had become.
Looking around the room I could see a whole series of photos that were obviously
and graphically documenting the process of the sex change. The first of the
series of images showed a close up of a boy's genitals with a typically sized
penis and scrotum. The next few shots showed the same crotch with a
progressively shrinking penis and scrotum. The images began to bring my own
experience back and seeing the images I could remember the feeling of my own
genitals shrinking. Taking in other images in the series that coverd the wall I
could see the scrotum loose its testies, the sack skin thickening up and
obviously becoming some kind of labia precursor. The penis in these shots was
smaller again. The last few shots showed the penis completely absorbed and the
start of a slit in the former scrotum. I touched between my own legs feeling the
terrible organ first hand that I was seeing visually documented on the photos of
some poor past victim. The last few images showed the slit grow progressively
longer, growing from near the arse to the front where it ended roughly where the
victims penis once was. Absently and still in deep shock I traced the path of my
own slit from its end near my arse to the front, whimpering as I did so. The
last shot showed the clear indications of a vagina as the photographer shot the
victims genitals with her legs apart. I was feeling my own cunt now, touching
the very organs I saw in the image.

Shocked at the sensation of my own cunt feeling my own hand touch its surface I
pulled my hand away. Again I felt an electric sensation in my breasts and saw my
nipples become errect. I began to sob again as my hand made its way between my
legs again to cup the female void and began to rub it, forcefully pushing the
panties up and down my slit and squeezing the rounded fuck-mouth in my hands. I
realized I was being forced to masturbate again and had flashbacks to that first
girl on the steps. My vulva felt horrifically wrong - flat yet so intrusive.
Despite my horror I was obviously arroused and recognized the pathetic swelling
of my clitoras at the centre of the heat I was now feeling. The rubbing built up
in intensity and I felt a wetness leaking from what I knew was my new vagina
into my slit and dampening my panties. The panties themselves began to writhe
somewhat and seemed to suck themselves onto my vulva each time I moaned, cupping
my girlhood intimately and reminding me of their hold over me. I was unable to
resist my forced pleasuring of my cunt and now grabbed my breasts with one hand
as I was forced to continue to massage my terrible girls mouth. Whilst I was
forced to masturbate my cunt I became more and more angry and disbelieving -
some part of my mind stil thought that perhaps somewhere between my legs my
penis might be rediscovered. I felt the vulva desperately feeling for some
remenant of my penis that might somehow be regrown. I was moaning now as wave
after wave of sexual heat flooded through my girlhood. I felt my breasts
throbbing in time with the throbbing of my clitoras as I kneaded my cunt mound
and breasts. The horror of the sensations I was feeling was almost beyind my
ability to bear. Despite my fighting to regain control of my body, to stop my
touching the foul body parts that I now had, I could not. As my orgasm began I
screamed a piteous wail of frustration. The feeling was intense sexual release
as I came, and I bucked my hips involuntarily as I came - flooding my panties
with vaginal lubricant. I could feel a deep rythmic swallowing from my vagina
that was so completely alien compared to my pumping penis ejaculation. I
screamed then cried as the panties compounded the violation by lapping up my sex
fluids, parting my labia lips and hungrilly gorging themselves on my wet cunt.
Quite simply it was the most foul sensation I could invisage, and thinking about
my cunt I realised that what Genetech and the panties had done to me was so much
worse than castration. I had not just lost my penis, my body had been mutilated
with the most unbelievably flat yet intrusive genitals - my cunt, and my chest
forever burdended with the most incredibly burdensome breasts.

Panting, I sat on the bed watching the curvacuous shape of my snatch - a
distinct wet patch around the cleft that the panties clung to that was obviously
my vagina lips. Tears streamed down my face and my hatred of this girls body
grew and grew. I grabbed my breasts and tried to pull them from my chest. Their
grapefruit sized mounds filling my hands and hurting like hell as I pulled them
violently screaming 'get off my body! arghhh!!!! I hate them! I have to get them
off - I hate the feeling!!! you wont force me to do anything again!!!!
arghhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!'. The electric feeling returned and my hands shuddered to
my sides, forcing me to merely sit on the bed again - a prisoner in a girls
body.



Some moments later I heard a click and a male doctor walked in the door. 'Ahh -
you are the new girl' he said as he walked over to me.

'Please help me doctor! I cant bear this feeling - I hate being a girl! Please
change me back!' I whimpered

'Frankly that is impossible for a number of reasons I will explain to you' he
said as I burst into tears again. 'Many girls have come to enjoy the sensations
of their bodies you know.... Most boys would kill to have the chance to
experience a girls body for a while, to feel the girls cunt and breasts
directly....'

'No!!!! Please no!!!! You have stolen my dick! Youve given me a flat mouth in
its place! Youve ruined my chest with these foul mounds!!! You cant leave me
like this!' I screamed back.

'Silence!' he said, and as he did my breasts again took control of my body,
preventing me from speaking. 'You are mine now! The perfect result of my most
amazing achievement - the Vulvoid Panties!' He exclaimed running his eyes over
my body. 'Your body is now host to this amazing new lifeform' he said as he
pointed at the panties between my legs. I stared at them also and again saw the
slight movement of the gusset as it apeared to breathe in and out slightly
puffing up then deflating to better show the curve of my cunt beneath.

'These panties are going to be this governments most powerful covert weapon and
you are proof that we have perfected it!' he exclaimed with glee. 'Once placed
on a host they infect the host with a symbiotic virus that the panties
manufacture in their living matrix - my beautiful X virus!...... Do you know
what DNA is?' he asked me

'Yes' I whimpered in reply

'As a male your body had an X and a Y chromosome in its DNA... My X virus enters
each cell and attacks the Y chromosome, replacing it with a special X
chromosome. Your cells themselves have become female and there is no way to
reverse this. A Y Virus would leave you with two Y chromosomes and this of
course is fatal! Its just perfect!' He exclaimed as he walked to me and began to
feel my cunt in his hands. 'Of course were it not for the dogged efforts of your
symbiotic panties to pump you full of X Virus you would never have changed - but
they have good reason for wanting to change you!'

'Why? You sick bastard! Why???' I sobbed

'Because you are their host! They need your cunt to feed upon your orgasmic
juices! These breasts that have swelled on your chest are far more than normal
breasts again thanks to the X Virus - they are intelligent! Mammobellums I call
them. They can control you - force you to feed your panties by masturbating!
They stop you from hurting the panties and yourself! They enslave you! And they
can make you reproduce as well!' he continued. 'You of course saw graphic
demonstration of the other reason the panties need you to have a cunt! They can
fuck and inseminate you and cause you to give birth to another pair of vulvoid
panties! In a military application, we can ask you to seduce a target and change
that target into a vulvoid girl like you! They become a sex slave like you and,
in my experience, will tell us whatever we want to know in the hope that
afterwoods we will give them back their manhood!' He smiled widely, now feeling
my breasts 'Which of course we can never do!'

'I hate you!'I screamed. 'Youve turned me into a girl vampire you sick fuck!'

'I can imagine you do hate me - but sadly you were in the wrong place at the
wrong time, and this project is much more important than your hatred of a body
that half the world lives quite happily with every day' he said 'now pull your
panties down, I want to inspect your genitals'. Struggling against my will I
nevertheless pulled the panties to my knees and off my legs, holding them in my
hands as the doctor approached. 'Spread your legs please' he said and again I
was made to comply. Staring at the bald snatch betwen my legs I could see my
slightly puffy girls lips touching together. As I spread my legs the lips
suddenly parted, pulled by the tension of the more tightly stretched skin. This
was a feeling that I hated to my core, one that reminded me intimately of the
form of my new genitals. As the lips parted we could both see more clearly the
shape of the smallish inner lips. Following the slit from the now exposed tiny
clitoras towards my arse we could both clearly see about 2 inches down my slit a
closed vagina hole. Again I stared sobbing as the doctor felt my labia lips,
feeling their fleshy sides and cupping the whole vulva in his hands as if
feeling the texture. He then felt my clitoras, pulling the lips further apart to
give him a better view and access. I shuddered as I felt his fingers trace their
way down my vulva slit to my vagina entrance. I gasped as his fingers pushed
their way into my vagina, first one then two and then three - feeling the
texture of the inside of my vagina hole. The feeling was so foul and intrusive
that I thought I would throw up. I could actually feel his fingers with my
vagina and felt the mouth and my labia lips themselves stretch as he continued
to push his fingers inside me. With half his hand burried in my cunt, I had the
horrific sensation of stretched lips and a foreign object inside a part of my
body that did not belong between my legs.

He pulled his hands out and I felt the vagina close behind his retracting
fingers as he pulled out a dampened hand saying 'seems perfect to me. Tomorrow,
once the panties have recovered, I have a demonstration to perform for one of
our clients. You are going to treat that young man who had the misfortune of
pulling over and witnessing your sex change to a sex change of his own!' he said

'No!!!!! Please no!!!!' I begged 'I dont want to be raped!!!! I will kill myself
before I will let these fucking panties rape me!!!! Oh god no!!!! I dont want to
give birth, please noooooooo!!!!!!!!!!!' I began to began to get hysterical
again.

The doctor merely said 'pull your panties on a follow me now'. Again my breast
brains took control and forced me to pull the panties, in a shuddering whimper
up my legs until they touched and clasped my vulva like a hand hold. I got off
the bed and walked behind him feeling the swaying weight of my breasts as we
walked down the hall. Walking also exagerated the feeling of my empty crotch
with the usual jiggling of my penis and balls replaced by the slight rubbing
together of my labia lips.

Half way down the hall the doctor stopped next to another office and told me
that I needed to see the nurse inside about some food and a clothing kit. Again
my body complied robotically. Inside the office was a male nurse who looked at
me and smiled sadly. 'Sit down honey and I will get you some food and clothes -
the transformation robs your body of so much energy you just have to replace it
or you'll get really sick' he said

'I refuse to eat if its going to help this fucking thing between my legs rape me
and do this to some other poor bastard!' I shrieked and thrust my pubic mound
forward for him to see.

'Sit down now please' he simply continued, bringing out a tray with sandwiches
and a drink on it. He pointed at it as I sat down and said 'eat this now please'

Against my will I was made to eat, and the doctor was right - I was ravenous,
but I knew that I was fuelling up so that my vulvoid panties would then be able
to use my cunt for its food and for much worse. I tried very hard not to think
about the fact that I was soon going to know exactly what it feels like to be
vaginally fucked, and worse still - to give birth! The merest thought of this
had me glancing between my legs again in horror as I ate. The thought was just
too much to deal with.

The nurse then reached into a locker and pulled out a collection of clothes
which he put on the table top. 'Put on the dress but dont worry about the bra or
other panties or night dress for the moment.... The bra is for your comfort
later, but untill you get shown how to put it on you'll have to live without....
The panties are just normal girls panties... All the girls get a break every so
often from their symbiotic panties, and we require them to dress like a normal
girl on those occasions with normal panties. you will see there is a selection
here, take them all.' he said. All I could do was stare in slack jawed disbelief
at the mans calm in the face of my horrific body hijacking. Compelled again by
my breasts I pulled on what was obviously a girls schooldress. When I was done I
stared downn at myself, the picture of a senior schoolgirl with perky breasts
and slender legs and a very obviously empty groin. Part of me became aroused at
the thought that I had a schoolgirl body, but hitching my dress up and seeing
the girlish mound covered by the very essence of the schoolgirl panty - I again
began hyperventialting in shock.

'Come with me' the nurse said as he walked from the office and I followed him
lamely with the pile of panties, bra and nightie in hand, staring down at the
schoolgirl body as I walked. He led me to a bedroom and told me that this was my
room, I was to wait here. 'If you need to pee, dont forget that girls need to
sit! And I suggest you spread your legs while you urinate to spread your labia,
that way you wont get urine spraying everywhere and going in your vagina'. Again
I was left gobsmacked by the casual reference to my sex changed body. Strangely
though he was right, I did need to pee, so I walked to the toilet and just
stared at the opening. There was no way I was going to acknowledge my lack of a
dick by squatting, so I pulled my dress up and pulled my panties down and thrust
my vulva forward over the toilet opening, grabbing the mound and feeling again
desperately hoping that a penis would rematerialize in the void. The first spray
came out all over the place and I quickly sat down crying as I peed for the
first time as a girl. The urine streamed from between my labia lips in an
awkward spray that seemed to become more directional when I did spread my legs
further as suggested. The feeling was just horrible and I felt again completely
violated. I stared at the fucking vulvoid panties around my knees and began
sobbing again when I saw them quivver and move towards my cunt. I knew what they
wanted without even thinking - it was panty dinner time and they wanted my cunt
to produce another meal of girl juice!

Traumatised by my realization that I had just had my first girls toilet
experience I wiped my cunt with toilet paper to get rid of the wetness - stood
up and pulled the panties back onto my snatch. They grabbed and wriggled when in
place - yet another reminder their growing need. Whimpering loudly I walked to
my bed and sat down, again taking in the irony of just how lucky I would have
thought myself to have a schoolgirl in my room who would do whatever I asked of
her. I lay down and pulled my dress higher, staring yet again at the girlish
form that the hideous panties covered. Opposite my bed was a mirror and I
regarded my crotch in the mirror, looking at the thing from all angles - taking
in its true shape and form and trying to relate what I saw to what I felt
directly. What I saw was a very sexy girls crotch covered in light blue panties
- utterly flat with a distinct crease that showed the grils mouth beneath. To
'wear' the vulva felt exactly as it looked to me. It was hard to imagine that
the person in the mirror was me - let alone that this same person had been male
only 2 hours ago. My body was exhausted and I lay back on the bed and cried
myself to sleep....

When I woke up it was night time and a dim light illuminated my room. I was
disoriented and still in shock. Someone had put me in the bed properly and
removed my schooldress. The sheets draped over my form and I could see the
pronounced bulges of my two breasts thrusting the sheets from my chest. Hoping
beyond hope that this was some cruel hoax I threw aside the sheets and stared at
the two very real mounds on my chest. I craned my neck and my eyes traced a line
down my very femanine and curvaceous stomach to my crotch, where I could see in
the dim light the snug form of a vulva beneath the most innocent looking
panties. The visual reminder was shocking to the core and I found myself
silently repeating a piteous mantra 'I'm a girl! it cant be true!' over and
over. Feeling horribly sorry for myself I almost jumped when I felt someone grab
my vulva and squeeze it. Looking frantically around I saw there was nobody in
the room - at the same time the sensation of having my cunt squeezed ended.

 Scared I sat upright when the same thing happened again - looking between my
legs I saw that the panties themselves were cupping my girlhood - sucking their
living fabric onto my vulva skin and into my slit. The sensation was the same as
if a hand were cupping and firmly squeezing my cunt. Panic began to rise as the
panties did this again, and then again - becoming almost rythmic as if trying to
arouse me! The shock hit me at the same time as the electric tingling in my
breasts - the panties were trying to do exactly that - they were hungry. Despite
my greatest mental efforts regain control of my body, one hand moved to my vulva
and began to grab and firmly massage my cunt. I began to cry again, but the
panties and my mammobellum breasts cared not for my cries - I was masturbating
again. One hand squeezed and massaged my breasts and the other alternately
stroked and squeezed my vulva mound. As my hand felt and probed my mound I began
to relive my sex change as I gradually moved towards climax. I recalled the
feeling of my poor penis and balls being consumed by the actions of the very
panties I was now wearing and clutching. I remember the feeling of them
shrinking and the flatness of the space they left.... I recalled the first
sensations of parting skin of my labia lips. The panties were moving quite
significantly now, their edges wriggling the elastic-like cilla and the gusset
twitching and writhing. My vulva rubbing became more frantic, forced by my
breasts and my hand suddenly slipped under the panty fabric to grip and tease my
vulva directly. My fingers ran up and down my slit and caressed and gripped the
vulva mound, squeezing it in my hand - the pressure sending wave after wave of
heat through my clitoras. I hated the alien sexuality of my cunt and, replaying
my violent sex change, I recalled the moment I felt my vagina begin to form as
my fingers involuntarily entered the vagina hole and thrust inside me. Staring
is disbelief between my legs I watched in horror as my frantic hand pumped up
and down inside my panties as I finger fucked myself for the first time. The
sensation was pure sex horror and in moments I was having an extreme female
orgasm, my hips wildly pumping, my hand still probing my vagina internally and
girl juice just spewing from my hole. The panties again were in a feeding frenzy
and I withdrew my hand from within their domain and just broke down completely
as they gorged themselves on my masturbation juices. When the ordeal was over I
layed back down, glistening with sweat and exhausted. Aching I rolled onto my
stomach only to find my breasts made it completely uncomfortable. In the end I
had to just roll on my side and fall asleap.

Twice more that first night I was woken by the feeding needs of my panties and I
was twice more forced to endure the nightmare of enforced masturbation of this
girls body I was trapped in. I knew I had to do something, had to escape and had
to do something about the foul panties that had done this awful thing to me. In
the morning I woke early, my first morning as a girl. Feeling somewhat revived
despite the broken nature of my sleep I sat up and decided to look at my body in
greater detail. I stood in front of the mirror, and my reflection shocked me
utterly. Before me was a youngish looking girl (my hair had grown overnight and
my facial features had softened), with firm ripe breasts, long sexy legs and a
to-die-for snatch covered by some sexy light blue bikini style panties. The girl
nervously grabbed her breasts and watched how they looked in the mirror. She sat
on the floor and spread her legs - exposing crotch utterly devoid of any bulge
and with the subtle hint of a vulva crack indicated in the shape of the panties.
My shock had forced me to block out the fact that this was me. The girl looked
at her panty covered crotch from many angles, from behind, the side, spread
legged, cross legged and all manner of positions. Periodically the girl would
touch herself, and when she did I shuddered momentarily back to reality as I
directly felt the sensation of this girls hand on my cunt. The girl stood and
faced the mirror and pulled her panties to her knees. Reality again hit me in
the face as I stared at the girls bald vulva. My vulva! I could see the start of
my cunt lips, and stared at the space that my penis used to occupy. My hips were
wider now, so even with my legs closed I could see the curve of my cunt lips in
a small triangle of air bewteen my legs. I sat on the floor and spread my legs -
watching the horribly female sex organ between my legs revealed more
graphically. Spreading my legs further I saw the lips part and gasped at the
sensation. I posed in various positions to see my cunt from many angles, trying
to resolve how it felt to how it looked. Staring at my cunt lips I had a
flashback to the previous day where I witnessed some other poor vulvoid girl
give birth to my panties! I tried to imagine the violation she must have felt as
some foul enslaving organism forced its way out of a birth canal that she was
never meant to have. I grabbed and felt my cunt, fingering my vulva and watching
the shape as I probed my new sex organ. I tried to tell myself that it was ok,
that it was going to be fun to experience girlhood. After all the orgasms were
intense and regular. But despite this I knew that I could never accept this
body. It simply was not mine, I was not born a girl. I was meant to have
errections and have a muscular chest and bulge filled underpants. I hated the
terribly intrusive feeling of my breasts and the flatness, the emptyness, the
invasiveness of my cunt. I hated being a girl and I hated even more the
knowledge that my breasts could control me and that I was a host to some
incredible lifeform that regularly violated me - my vulvoid panties.

I sat on the floor hugging myself and wishing I was dead when I heard the click
of the door opening to my room. The doctor I had met yesterday came in and saw
me on the floor. 'How did you sleep?' he asked

'how do you think!' I told him 'these fucking panties made me.... made me....
oooohhhh....' I broke down in tears again

'masturbate right?' he said 'how many times?' he asked

'three!!!! three fucking times I had to touch this horrible thing between my
legs!!!! three horrific girls orgasms!!! how do you think I feel!!!! you bastard
I HATE YOU!!!!' I screamed at him

'I can live with that... anyway, three times should be enough - get dressed and
come with me, put your vulvoid panties on' he said and my body robotically
complied as if he were god and me a puppet. I pulled my panties back on, pulled
on my schooldress and walked behind him to his office. Waiting in his office was
a man dressed in an army uniform, very high ranking from his stars. He looked at
me and nodded then looked at the doctor.

'Is this the girl you spoke of?' he said

'Yes, third generation, a perfect conversion and its only been sixteen hours
since he became a girl' The doctor said 'Please show us your body Lisa...'

The electric sensation in my breasts and the accompanying nipple engorgement
that seemed to preceed the breast control happened immediately he spoke. I
pulled my dress off and stood as the general approached and looked at my body.
His eyes took in my breasts and fell to my crotch.

'Are those the vulvoid panties?' he asked the doctor

'Yes - they are the ones that Fiona birthed yesterday. I estimate they took less
than an hour to change our friend here into a vulvoid girl' he continued

'How does it feel to become a girl?' the general asked

'Its completely horrific! I hate how my cunt feels! I hate how these breasts
feel! I cant bear the feel of these fucking panties touching me - they have
riuned my body! Im trapped in this girls body and I hate it! They make me do the
most horrific things!' I sobbed to him

'I imagine so' he said thoughtfully 'there is no doubt that a prisoner facing
this fate will reveal all to us - I am convinced. But I am worried about the
breast control. I cant imagine Lisa here cooperating in a sex change
assignment.... She seems to be fully in control of her mouth... Wouldnt that
blow the cover during the seduction phase?' the general asked

'No.... Lisa here has verbal freedom because we do not need her to be otherwise
here. In fact in this facility I like to hear what my subjects feel, but dont
doubt the control of those mammobellums. Let me show you... Lisa, please pretend
to flirt with the general...'

My nipples swelled and all of a sudden I was smiling at the general. I was
internally horrified, but could only watch as I winked at him and sidled up to
him. 'Do you like my breasts general' I giggled? 'Touch them please, I need to
feel your hands on my firm ripe breasts' my voice continued. The gernal obliged
and I straddled his leg rubbing my cunt up and down on his trousers beginning to
gasp.

'Enough!' said the general 'I see your point - perfect' And at that moment I
regained composure and began whimpering, pulling myself away from the general
and sitting on the bed with my legs crossed trying to forget the shock of my
enslaved actions, quietly crying.

'Where is demonstration subject?' the general asked. This shocked me from my
self pity as I imagined they were talking about the young man whose car I had
flagged over yesterday and who had watched my body change into a girls body -
unable to help.

'In the next room - you can watch from here, this mirror is one way' the doctor
said. Turning to me he said 'put your clothes on - you are about to meet that
young man you flagged down yesterday. I want to you assure him you are fine and
happy about being a girl. Charm him and gain his trust enough to show him your
breasts. You are then to immobilize him with your your breast spray. Once he is
immobile, I want you to turn him into a vulvoid girl and feel free to tell us
what you are feeling once he is immobile. Go!'

I began to hyperventilate, shock setting in. So this was it? Any moment now I
was going to be raped by these hideous panties bewteen my legs? I was going to
give birth for fuck sake! I was going to play a major part in changing that poor
young man into a girl like me! I wanted to scream, but my breast brains had
already taken control. From the generals point of view he saw a girl quietly and
efficiently pull on a dress and walk to the door leading to the next office.
With a forced look back to the men and an equally forced smile, I entered the
room.

In the room was the very young man I remembered. He looked frantic, pacing and
nervous. Seeing me he jumped and said 'get away! get away! I dont want to become
a girl!'

I wanted to scream, to tell him to run. Instead I smiled and said 'Relax! They
dont need to change you any more, they have gotten all the data they need from
me. I wanted to let you know that I am ok. Im actually really liking this body,
and the doc says he can change me back in a week or two once they have studdied
me some more! Isnt that great!' I said, walking over to him

The young man looked a little calmer and said 'is that really you? In that body?
You look fantastic - your face has changed!'

'Yes, but let me tell you the best part is that I get to play with tits until
they change me back, you should see them! They are superb!' I said

'Wow' he said 'they sure do fill out that uniform well dont they!' he said and
we both smiled.

I sat opposite him and said 'Want to see them? My breasts I mean?' I asked

He looked doubtful, but eventually smiled as I sat looking doe eyed at him
'Sure!' he said. 'How does it feel to be a girl anyway?' he asked

I could feel my pulse begin to race and I almost managed to scream 'Hell!', but
the sound choked in my throat as I was forced to stand and pull my dress off.
The young man smiled as he took in my gorgeous body, but began to look nervous
again as he looked between my legs and noticed the same panties that had changed
me into a girl yesterday. At that moment I was perhaps four feet from him, I was
forced to rush towards him and he looked startled as my breasts suddenly sprayed
a liquid from my nipples in his face. He stood, suddenly perplexed, then I saw
his emotions change to dismay and then to fear.

'No!!!!' he squeaked out as he staggered then fell to the floor, looking up at
me with imploring eyes.

'Oh god!!!!!!! Nooooo!!!' I screamed all of a sudden. 'I was forced to do
this!!! My breasts control me! You cant imagine how horrific it is to be a
vulvoid girl!!!' I blubbered. Suddenly I felt the cilla-like elastic edges of my
panties grip my skin. I tried to pull them off but failed. I felt the panties
tap into my body fluid and began to sob as the gusset of the panties began to
grow. I was forced to sit on the floor and spread my legs widely. Both me and
the paralysed young man stared in horror as the gusset quickly grew to the size
of an egg, then to teh size of an orange - inflating and engorging like some
alien sex organ. We both knew that this was exactly what it was.

It took about 5 minutes to finish engorging during which I told the man in near
hysterics how my cunt felt and what the panties had done to me since I had
changed. I was forced to grab the bulge, feeling it firm yet somhow plastic in
my hand. It filled my hands like the bulge of my penis once did, only lower down
betwen my legs. I was forced to rub the bulge up and down against my slit and I
could feel myself becoming wet as I did so. The young man lay whimpering and I
was now speechless.

Suddenly I began feeling the gusset bulge move of its own accord. I whimpered as
it contracted, pushing my cunt lips aside, then returning. The next time it did
this it contracted further and I could feel the pressure of its surface on my
vagnia entrance. The next contraction I screamed - the bulge contracted
completely and I felt the bulk push my cunt lips apart, enter my vagina and push
an incredibly long way up my vagina passage. 'Oh god!!!! Its in me!!!! The panty
cock is inside me! So deep inside!!! I cant bear it!!! Its so much further
inside me than my own fingering ever god - you cant imagine how violated I
feel!!!! OOOOOhhhhh' I screached while staring at the flatness of my panties
crotch. The crotch reinflated and I felt the panty penis slide out of me. Just
as quickly it slid back in and then out and then in and within moments it was
fucking me utterly. From the outside we both saw the panties alternate from
engorged to flat, throbbing in and out like a heart beating between my legs.
Unlike the bulge that pulsated when I had changed sex, the bulge here was much
larger and I cried and whimpered as I felt the panty penis thrust in and out of
my cunt - my most horrific girlhood sensation yet.

Despite my horror and hate my body reacted to the panty penis massaging of my
girls sex organs and I began to pant and before long had a throbbing orgasm as
the panty penis suddenly ruptured inside my vagina, spilling its contents deep
inside me. I knew it had just seeded my womb with some foul substance that was
going to grow into a pair of these same panties. The young man lay crying -
looking terrified on the ground. I pulled the panties down my legs and threw
them angrily aside, staring at my cunt with almost as much horror as the young
parylised man. My breasts again took control and, despite the cramping I ws now
feeling in my abdomen as the panties began to grow inside me, I was forced to
take the young mans clothes off. He tried to struggle, and even managed to sob
'please dont!' - but I was in no position to help him. The young man had a huge
erection despite himself, no doubt the result of viewing my girls body in
intimate detail. I was gripped by the most amazing feeling - penis envy - and I
knealt beside him feeling it, touching it. It was only yesterday that I had a
penis like this and testicles. They seemed so big compared to my flat bald
snatch. I hated him for having this. I wanted my one back. I couldnt keep my
hands off it. I kept glancing from his cock to between my legs regarding my
girlhood with lothing. All the while my stomach churned and throbbed as the
panties continued to grow inside me.

With my raping complete and the boy prostrate and nude before me I sat before
him with my cunt only inches from his face as I told him how I felt and about
the Genetech project. I noticed my stomach distending slightly and some time
later, after what must have been half an hour of self pitying decrying of my
girls body I felt the first contraction. It was like a stitch in my stomach that
came and went. I got another and began to cry again saying 'its time! Im going
to give birth! Oh god - can this get any worse!! Aaaaahhhhhh!!!' I yelped. The
contractions grew stronger and stronger and were verging on the painful. Whilst
I realized that birthing panties was nowhere near as large an object as a baby I
still remembered that the panties came in a sac that was large with fluid. My
nipples came errect and I stood, straddling the now hysterical young man. My
legs astride his pelvis, my cunt over his penis, I began moaning as I felt the
horrific sensation of something coming through my vagina! Deep inside the
pressure built and built and I groaned and spread my legs further as the pain
moved along my birth canal. I began panting like the girls in the birth videos I
had seen at school and suddenly I felt the object near the end of my birth
canal. My normally flat vulva was internally distended, puffing out and standing
proud. I screamed with grief as I felt the object finally open my external
vagina entrance and push my cunt lips apart. My cunt lips were stretched to
hurting. Suddenly there was this thing hanging from my cunt, pushing its way
out. I pushed again and we both saw a large part of the panty sac emerge. Inside
you could clearly see the new panties writhing. I screamed as the sac finally
plopped from my vagina, falling onto the young mans stomach to lay quivering
with the writhing form of the new panties inside.

My eyes flicked from this horrific object on the mans stomach to my own cunt, as
did his eyes, where we could see my vagina opening slowly close.  With the young
man hyperventilating I was forced to lean over him and pick up the sac. I
squeezed it and it ruptured, spilling fluid over us both. I now held the panties
in my hands and with trembling hands I began to pull the panties onto him. They
writhed limply for a moment, but once I had them near his knees they seemed to
gain some imperitave and the elastic-like cilla edges grabbed his skin and the
panties pulled themselves up his legs. He was sobbing unconrrollably as the
panties finally reached his groin, but I had to tuck his errection inside the
panties before they were fully on him. As the top of the panties closed over his
cock, I realized that this was the last time we would both see his dick again.
The panties gripped his skin around the edges and I saw him flinch as they began
to engorge - readying themselves for an onslaught that would see this poor young
man with a cunt just like me....

To be continued....




The Vulvoid Transform - Part 3

By Lisa James

The young man lay on the floor, trembling with shock and fear at what he knew
was about to happen to him. The panties he now wore were engorging between his
legs as their living form drew fluids from his own body to prepare for their
adaptation of their new host into a girl. The gusset quivered as it grew in size
and I could see the panty edges were digging into his skin, their elastic
appearance belying the fact that they were more like claws with tubes to
exchange fluids with the host. I glanced between my own legs to see the female
mound that I now had - remembering the moment my vulvoid panties had been put on
me - remembering the feeling of constriction in my former balls and cock as my
panties also engorged.

How I hated being a girl - how I hated being a host to those foul vulvoid
panties. I was trapped in a girls body now, a slave to the whims of my
intelligent breasts and the living panties that changed me so utterly. My cunt
was still sore from giving birth, my labia lips still smarting from being
stretched as they were, my vagina still sore from the birthing of the vulvoid
panties that the young man before me now had on.

The bulge in victims panties was growing very pronounced, beginning to appear
larger than the bulk of the young mans dick and balls. The panties were
stretched by the young mans erect penis and the distended gusset - yet the panty
claw edges kept the panties firmly in place. Periodically the engorged panty
gusset would exchange the quivering for a more pronounced throb, as if they were
flexing their muscles for the coming effort. I clearly remembered my own panties
throbbing pulsations as their gusset began pumping their foul contents into my
body. I remembered the shock of the first contraction that pushed so much fluid
down my penis shaft, and the following onslought as they began to beat like some
hideous sexual heart between my legs. Each beat changing my body more, until my
poor penis was gone - replaced by the cunt I could feel and see between my legs.

The young man was crying and whimpering like a frightened animal, unable to move
becuase of the paralysing substance my breasts had squirted on him earlier. His
panicked eyes kept flicking between me, my breasts, my cunt and the panties
between his own legs. I was still in shock at being raped and being made to give
birth - I felt sorry for the young man, but had no energy to try to counsel him.
What could I say anyway? Nothing I could say would help him cope with his
violent change of sex. Nothing could help him deal with growing intelligent
breasts or the sense of loss as his penis and balls shrank to nothing between
his legs. Nothing could prepare him for the shock and horror of a cunt forming
in the flat void left by his absorbed penis. Nothing could prepare him for the
sensation of a vulva and the knowledge that this mouth between his legs was
there to service the needs of the very panties he now wore.

The young man suddenly spasmd and grunted, I looked at him and saw the panties
were now much less engorged, obviously they had pumped their first load of body
conversion virus into this young man. His eyes were watering and I could feel
his agony as I remembered the first throb of my own panties. The sensation of my
penis shaft being ruptured and numbed by the sheer force of the injection of
panty fluid. The panties were engorging again and had soon contracted again -
the young man jerking in reaction. He gave a faint scream as the panties
engorged again and pumped again. Watching the between his legs I could see a
sight that few would believe - living panties on a host whom they were changing
into a girl. It was a bizarre and shocking sight, girls panties on a boy that
were beating like some alien heart organ. Each time they engorged it
overshadowed the bulge caused by his penis and balls. Each time they contracted
they pumped fluid into his body, but they also graphically showed the penis and
balls trapped within.

Seeing the young mans penis shape in the deflated panty fabric reminded me again
of my own genitals. I grabbed my mound in my hand - feeling flatness where
before I had a cock. Feeling the lips of my vulva and running my finger in
horror along my slit from my front to my back. 'I hate this fucking body!' I
screamed. 'I hate being a girl! - Oooohhhhhhhhhhh!!!!'. Seeing me in distress
feeling my vulva made the poor young man even more frantic. He was
hyperventialting now, each throb of the panties had him gaspng and softly
moaning. His panties were now throbbing regularly and strongly between his legs,
and we could hear a wet kind of sucking noise each time they pulsated. I began
crying again when my nipples stirred again and I felt that electric sensation
that preceeded breast brain control.

Robotically my head swung in the direction of the panties that I had thrown to
the floor before giving birth. They were lying about ten feet from me, looking
just like any discarded pair of light blue girls underpants - except this pair
was alive. This pair had a gusset that was slowly and faintly expanding and
contracting as if they were slowly breathing. This pair had turned me into a
girl, and only an hour ago this pair had raped me and used my new sex to birth
another just like them.

My body stood up and walked over to the lying panties. Despite a frantic effort
to regain control of my body, I was forced to pick them up and pull them on.
Thinking about what these things had done to me I began to cry. My hands pulled
them up my legs and I watched the respirating gusset as it drew closer to my
girlhood. I loathed them and their touch and I knew that they wanted me to
pleasure my foul sex organ again so they could feed. As they came to rest upon
my crotch I heard a louder scream from the young man who managed to regain
enough control to speak... 'Help meeeeeee!  Ohhhhhhhh god I cant believe this is
happening! Pleeeeease god noooooo!!!! Help meeeeeee! Aaaaaaaaahhhhhhhh! I dont
want to be a girllllllll!!!!!!!' he raged, imploring me with his eyes.

I stared at the throbbing panties between his legs and could see already a
difference. His erection had gone and his penis and balls were obviously
smaller. I wanted to run to him and pull the foul panties from his body - but my
body had other ideas. One hand grabbed a breast and the other grabbed and began
massaging my cunt. The man began gasping and stared at his chest. 'Ohhhh god
somethings happening - my nipples feel wrong. Ohhhhhhhh no please no!!!!!!!' he
screamed as his man nipples suddenly began to grow into the larger girls
equivalent. His hands regained control and he grabbed his chest, one hand over
each nipple and screeched as his hands filled with the very same thing that I
now had to endure - breasts. 'Ohhhhh god no please not this - noooooooooo!!!!
not breasts - no please they are so big!!!!! help, please help meeeeeeeee!!!!
Aaaaaaaaahhhhhhh!!!!' he screamed again. It took no more than 2 minutes for him
to grow perfect grapefruit sized breasts which he held in his trebling hands. As
I had also done, his hands now moved desperately to his panties and he stood -
legs agape and desperately clawed at their edges trying to remove them.

The panties were holding on tight and although he almost tore his own skin
trying to remove them, they held on tight. I watched between his legs at the
pulsating panties and noted how much smaller his penis and balls were now - they
must have been half the size they were before. He began to move towards me,
menace in his eyes when he started to shake and convulse. I knew the reason -
his breast brains were wiring into hsi nervous system. He stopped and began to
scream and cry at the same time 'Ohhh god, I am losing control! I cant get these
panties offf!!!! Nooooo! Please no. I dont want to have a cunt! I dont want to
be a girl! I cant bear it! Please nooooo!!!' he sobbed hysterically while his
body was forced to lie down again on the floor.

Strangely watching this young man become a girl was making me wet. My hand
resumed massaging my cunt and I pumped my mound into my hand with greater and
greater force. My cunt lips slid from side to side against my panties and my
rubbing hand pushed the panties into my slit and against my clitoras. I began
moaning - deep rythmic moans that somehow seemed to track the moans from the
young man on the floor. Each time his panties pumped, my hand squeezed my vulva.
In my mind I was reliving the horror of my own sex change as I watched his sex
change. He screamed again and half way through the scream his voice jumped an
octave or two. The last half of the scream sounded 100% girl and that made him
scream all the more.

Moments later the hysterical young man thrust his hips into the air and screamed
again as his hips flared and widened. We both heard the popping sound of bone
remaking itself and we both looked in awe and shock between his legs afterwoods
to see how little remained of his manhood now. His penis was no more than 2cm
long and his balls were now a smooth, flat and fleshy bump that I knew would
soon begin to split as his labia formed. My own cunt was thoroughly wet and so
very aroused. If it had not been for the sheer fact that I hated the feeling and
thought of being a girl, I would have been savouring the rising sexual heat.
Again the young man screamed as the pace of the panties throbbing increased and
the change towards girlhood accellerated. He was staring in slack jawed
disbelief between his legs at the flatness that was now so evident. We both
watched, crying, while his pathetically small penis disappeared altogether under
the ruthless efforts of his enslaving vulvoid panties.

'I'm a girl!!!!!' he screamed. Yet I knew better. I remembered the same helpless
feeling when I thought I had become a girl. But as I found out, having no penis
or balls and having a cunt are really very different. Right now I would have
done anything to just get back to the position where I simply had no dick. A
cunt was an entirely different, completely invasive and utterly different state
of affairs.

My massaging of my cunt was sending spasms through my body and I suddenly began
to come, shuddering as I felt my vagina convulse in a swallowing action deep
inside me and I felt a new release of vaginal lubricant. My panties writhed as
they fed on my foul body excretions. 'No your not!' I screamed back as I thrust
my still throbbing cunt in his direction. 'You dont have a cunt yet! Its so much
worse than just losing your dick!!!' I screamed again, sitting on the floor now
in front of him and watching his throbbing panties and the shape of his crotch
beneath. He was crying uncontrollably - screaming out obscenities as the panties
moved into their terminal phase.

I the flatness of his crotch, revealed when the pulsating gusset of his panties
deflated, I could start to see a change. I could see the small mound of his
un-parted labia, and near his arse I could see a small indent where it had
started to split into the two halves of a vulva mouth. It was horrific and
fascinating to watch this poor man as he writhed on the floor. His breasts
wobbled each time he moved and the panties continued their onslaught. 'Oh god Im
splitting open!!!! AAaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhh!!!!!!' he screamed over and over.

Each time the panties deflated I saw the notch near his arse get longer. Over
the period of a few minutes it began to dominate the small mound, growing longer
and longer until it reached the space where his poor penis used to be. When the
panties deflated now they sucked themselves into the crack and it was completely
female to look at. Except for the fact that I knew he did not yet have a vagina,
I would have assumed this person was now a girl. But the young man-girl must
have read my thoughts becuase he suddenly grew wide eyed and shrieked as he had
never done before, bucking his-her hips off the ground and pumping his panty
covered mound in the air. I knew in my heart that he was experiencing that most
horrific sensation imaginable - a vagina forming between his girls lips. He was
experiencing the formation of an intensely violating hole as his reforming body
grew an internal organ that connected his flat girls mouth with his girl-only
internal organs.

Covered in sweat and with tears streaming from her face, the former young man
endured one more affront - the growth of his clitoras. Her screaming became a
rythmic, almost sexual chant as the clitoras suddenly enfused his new cunt with
a most alien form of arousal. His clitoras swelled and his vagina began to get
wet for the first time. As the panties slowed he was permitted to touch his new
sex, and he did so with a howl of disbelief and horror. 'Im a girl Im a girl -
oh god nooo!!!! Im actually a girl!!!! You fucking bitch - Ive got a cunt!!! Im
touching my own fucking cunt!!! I cant bear it - its so flat, so invasive!!! Ive
got a vagina for god sake!!! Noooooooooooo!!!!' she screamed whilst she
frantically felt her vulva for the first time through her vulvoid panties.

I remembered the first time I touched my own cunt. The unimaginable sense of
loss and the sense of violation simply cant be conveyed to anybody who has not
been turned into a vulvoid girl. The former boy's hand was shaking whilst it
felt the void between her legs, running up and down the length of her vulva slit
through the panty fabric. "Where is my penis! Oh god no! my balls! gone....
they're gone!!! Oh god please dont let this be my body! I cant be a girl! I can
be! Nooooooooo" she screamed

Her trembling hand roamed up onto her stomach, feeling the gentle curve of her
new body from her arse to her navel. At that moment I could see the panties
release their claw like grip on her skin and the girl shuddered at the
sensation. She quickly slipped her hand under her panties and felt her cunt
directly. Again she screamed. She pulled her hand out as if she had touched
something hot and then thrust her hips forward and puled the panties from her
body, throwing them several feet away and then slowly shifting her gaze back
between her legs. What she saw was a bald vulva. She had the body of a teenage
temptress, with full perky breasts and the tightest most curvaceous of vulvas.
Disbelief was painted across her face, and again her hand went for her pubic
mound. She spread her legs and suddenly screamed when her vulva lips parted. She
stared down at her breasts and again cupped her cunt in her hand. Her hand moved
inside her slit, from her clitoras to the entrance to her vagina where she
pushed a finger inside her vagina for the first time. "AHHHHHHHH!!!!!!
VAGINA!!!!! AAAAAHHHHH!!!!" she screamed then suddered and gasped and then, in
shock, passed out.

I could hardly believe that I was responsible for this poor young man being
turned into a girl - yet I was. The shock of his violent and merciless
transformation was only beginning to claw into my psyche. Laying on the floor
was a nude girl with perfect ripe breasts and a bald cunt - who only an hour
before had been a healthy young man. Strange thoughts began running through my
mind. I thought of Buffy the Vampire slayer and he battle with the Hell Mouth.
In my mind however the hell mouth was between my own legs. My girls mouth that
had just taken its first victim like some sick sexual vampire. While my thoughts
turned again to this visualisation of my very cunt as a source of evil - I heard
the door open and watched as the doctor and the general walked in.

"Most Impressive" the general said to me whilst surveying my body and the
unconcious form of the new girl on the floor.

"I hate you!!!" I screamed at him and the doctor. "You dont have the right! You
dont have the right! I've been raped! Oh god... My body... my body.... You cant
imagine how it feels to be raped!!!! and give birth!!! To have some fucking
thing push out of your body... Ohhhhh!!!!! I hate having a cunt!!!
Please............ help me!!!" I continued whilst sobbing again.

The men just looked impassively and said "pull youself together - you're going
back to your room, you have earned a rest!" They then walked ot the unconcious
girl and the doctor waved smelling salts under her nose and she woke up. She
looked startled, looked down at her breasts and he bald cunt and began to cry
again. "Stand up, pull your panties on and come with us - silence please!" they
said to her. Her body like mine shuddered as her breast brains began to take
control. She stood up like some glsasy eyed robot. Robotically she pulled her
panties on and I could see the faintest hint of revulsion ripple through her
controlled body when the panties cupped her new vulva. Her grapefruit sized
breasts stood proud of her chest and her nipples stood firmly errect. Her
breasts swayed and jiggled as she began to walk from the room, facing straight
ahead and under complete control from her mamobellums. We all walked through the
doctors office and I saw the two thugs who had initially brought me to Genetech
standing to sone side looking all over the body of the new girl. You could see
the look of lust on their faces as they stared openly at her largish breasts and
very flat and curvaceous vulva. Despite her robot like control and glassy eyes,
I could see the hint of a tear forming in her eyes as she stood awaiting further
instruction.

Standing under breast control like the new girl, I nonetheless managed to grab
and feel my hell mouth through the panty fabric - recalling the first physical
sensations of my cunt that this poor new girl was undoubtedly experienceing
right now. My cunt felt so flat and empty, yet the slit felt so long and
invasive. Like the girl before me I also began to quietly cry tears of hate,
frustration and deep loss.

"Would you like to see our new girl's equipment?" said the doctor

"Its just amazing!" The general said "I can hardly belive this girl was male an
hour ago - just look at her! yes please show me what those panties have done to
this subjects genitals" he continued

"show us your vulva now please" the doctor said to the new girl. The new girl
was subtly shaking, yet was forced to comply - sliding the panties down to her
knees and sitting up on one of the doctors beds with her legs spread. She
quietly gasped as her cunt lips pulled apart as she spread her legs and just sat
like some sad sexual robot as the men crowded round her staring at and
commenting on her girlhood.

"Perfect! What an amazing cunt she now has!" the general said. "And you're
convinced this subject is now completely under control?" he continued with his
eyes now sliding from her bald cunt up her belly and onto her ripe mammobellum
breasts.

"Yes" said the doctor "She is now completely and utterly under the control of
her breast brains. From now on she will be forced to masturbate anything from 2
to 4 times a day to feed her symbiotic panties and of course her breasts will
drive her imperative to find other panty hosts. In fact she is so under control
that I am going to send her and this other girl to school tomorrow"

"what!" said the general, startled

"yes. I want to prove my point about the level of control so tomorrow these two
will join my other girls and go to the local school. Can you imagine the horror
and frustration of the host - stuck in a girls body and now forced to wear a
little school dress and act the school girl. They will be in an environment with
normal girls, boys, adults - desperate to tell their tale, to get help. Yet they
wont! They will act sociable yet shy, flash their panties at the boys and
basically look like any other schoolgirl their age."

"But what if they loose control? If they alert the world to our operation here?"
saif the general

"They wont! You lack faith general! In fact the first lesson tomorrow is
personal education if I am not mistaken! These girls can learn with the class
all about the bodies that they now inhabit! It will be very interesting to see
how they react to that!"



To be continued....




The Vulvoid Transform - Part 4

By Lisa James

The newly transformed girl sat on the doctors examination bed with the trembling
vulvoid panties at her knees. She was in deep shock, alternating from wracking
sobbing to quiet screaming to gasping as she endured the doctor and the general
examine her new vulva and breasts. I was standing opposite her, unable to move
because my breast brains were controlling me - keeping me still like some
switched off girl android.

The doctor was giving the general a running commentary on what changes the
panties had caused to the body of the former-boy opposite. Pulling the girls
labia apart he pointed to the girls clitoras and said 'this is what the subjects
penis has become - a fully functional clitoras'. Tracing his fingers over the
girls lips and along the length of her slit he added 'and this labia majora -
well it used to be his... sorry.. her scrotum sack. Its thicker and fleshier now
of course, but thats what has become of his scrotum - vagina lips'. He
continued, pulling the vulva lips apart further near the new girls vagina until
the vagina entrance itself was revealed 'Of course some new anatomical features
have no analogue in the boys former body - the vagina is a completely new
construct. When it forms during the change it forms from the front - a passage
then grows inwards from the start inside the vulva lips to meet up with the
internal reproductive organs than grew earlier...' The general seemed fascinated
by this information.

'So how did it feel to grow a vagina?' he asked the almost hysterical girl.

'Ooooohhhh!!! It was so horrific! You cant imagine! You cant image! Oh god - Its
so flat, so flat between my legs! The vagina! Oh god... Ive god a vagina!!!! You
bastards.... Youve turned me into a fucking girl!!!!' she raved

'Answer the question!' the doctor snapped

'How do you think it felt! Those foul panties wouldnt stop pumping my body with
whatever fucking substance did this!' she screamed as she grabbed her cunt in
her hand and squeezed it with hatred in her eyes. 'I dont know what was worse!
Feeling my bloody penis become absorbed, shrinking so much and then become flat
space! Or when that flat space started to split open! Oh god I hated that
feeling, the parting skin, these foul lips splitting open - I COULDNT MOVE -
THESE HORRENDOUS BREASTS CONTROLLED ME!!... And then when I thought it was over,
a feeling so horrible I cant even begin to describe it! That fuck hole! Oh
god... My vagina formed! It felt first as though someone was pushing on my skin
inside my new slit! But the pushing feeling got worse and then I felt the actual
passage form! It was so invasive! I could feel it push inside my body - I could
actually feel the passage form deep inside me, and then I knew I had become a
girl completely and utterly.... It HATE IT!!! I HATE HOW IT FEELS!!!!' she began
screaming again. 'You cant imagine the horror! You cant! You cant imagine how it
feels to have a mouth between your legs! I can feel my lips stretch whenever
anything pushed into my vagina! Lips! Between my legs! It feels so wrong - so
utterly intrusive! AAAAAAHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!'

Suddenly the panties around her knees began to move more obviously and the
girl's breasts moved as her nipples suddenly became fully errect - a sure sign
she was being controlled once again by them. 'What is happening now' asked the
General

'The panties usually need their first feeding soon after host sex change, as you
can imagine they expend a large amount of energy in changing the host into their
female symbiot. She will be forced to masturbate now to feed them' the doctor
said

'Oh!' said the general as the whimpering girl was forced to draw the writhing
panties up her legs and onto her crotch.

'Yes - the vulva of the host feeds the panties with vaginal lubricant, its very
rich in protein and sugars actually. So the panties scent-communicate with the
girl periodically triggering breast control to force the girl to masturbate with
the panties on. When she comes and during her self arousal, her vulva produces
the fluid and the panties absorb this. Normally our girls do this up to five
times a day - much more in the first few days after the sexchange of the host of
course' the doctor added

The girl spread her legs and gave a soft scream of helpless frustration as her
hand grabbed and began to massage her very flat and female groin. Her other hand
grabbed a breast and began to massage it. Through the panty cloth she was
feeling up and down the length of her vulva slit, pushing the panty fabric into
her slit and frequently kneeding and pushing harder into the area directly above
her vagina entrance. Her hand was shaking and tears were leaking from her eyes,
yet she was obviously becoming aroused as she also started to moan each time her
hand stroked, squeezed or rubbed her mound. The sight was very sexy and the men
in the room were obviously getting hot watching this girl masturbate. I also
became wet as the male part of my psyche still appreciated the look of a girls
body. The girl began to moan more loudly and more often and soon was also
thrusting her hips forward and backwards to accentuate the vulva massaging. The
area around her slit was obviously wet and we could see a dampness all around
her labia. She began to climax and suddenly screamed 'Ohhh god help me!!!! Im
coming as a girl!!! NOOOOOOO!!!!! Its so foul, so flat... Help Meeee!!!! Its
swallowing!!!! My vagina! Oh god its swallowing!!!!!! I HATE IT! I HATE IT!!!!'
she raged as her orgasm exploded and her panties saturated themselves. She
removed her trembling hand from her cunt, staring in shock at the incredible
female form and watching - helpless - as her panties moved, gorging themselves
on her cunt juices.

The general had clearly developed an erection from the telltale bulge in his
pants. Nonetheless he managed to say 'wow - incredible, I can barely believe
this girl was a young man an hour ago! Incredible! Those panties! They are
actually feeding on her cunt! Amazing!... Doctor, I will be sure to report just
how well your program is going. I will be keen to hear how the girls get on
tomorrow, at school. That will be a good test of the mamobellum control of their
bodies.'

'Yes I will general. Thank you for your encouragement - we are proud of our
achievements so far' the doctor said

Hearing this was too much. With only minimal breast control currently acting on
me I screamed 'No!!!! You cant just walk away for god sake general! The
government is meant to protect citizens - not do this to them!!!!' At that
moment I pulled my panties down to reveal my own bald vulva. I grabbed the
mound, touching the girls lips where my dick once was and continued 'My body! Oh
god - these panties gave me this cunt! They have raped me! I have given birth
for god sake!!!!' I began to sob. 'I have been forced to turn this man.. this
poor man... into... a... GIRL!!!! Ohhhh my breasts!!! They control me!!! Help
me!!! I hate this body - you have to change me back... Please!!! Please general'
I raged, but soon my breasts reaserted themselves and with a shudder my body
ceased to obey my thoughts and again I became statue like. The general left the
room and the doctor merely told the almost hysterical new girl and me to follow
him. Robotically we both complied.

We walked down the hall and the new girl was directed into the nurse's office to
receive her new clothes and to have her post-sex change meal. I was told to go
back to my room and to 'relax' for the rest of the day. I watched the lithe form
of the new girl ahead as she walked to the nurse's office, her swaying breasts
and amazingly curvaceous body. A slight gap between her legs revealed the snug
and flat form of her vulva, showing a slight crease where the panties dipped
into her labia slit. As she turned the corner, the front of her panties became
visible and I took in the snug mound covered by her panties, again noticing the
slight indent of her labia lips as they began the curve from where her penis
used to be. Were I not in an identical body, aware of the precise empty feeling
between my own legs, I would have enjoyed seeing this highly sexual sight. I
glanced down bewteen my own legs and saw the precise same thing - shuddering I
was forced to walk on and to my room.

The rest of the day was spent in somewhat of a daze, broken every few hours by
the horrific experience of forced masturbation. Feeling cold I needed to put
clothes on. I tried desperately to find some clothes that looked vaguely male,
choosing jeans over the dress that was my other choice. They were girls jeans,
but I thought that at least I might be less reminded of my body by them. What a
shock! Pulling them up I discovered they were very tight, and the way they fit
over my abdomen meant they were stretched over my groin. I hated the feeling -
the powerful grip of the tight fabric intimately reminding me of my flatness -
but worse still, they actually pulled my labia lips apart - showing a slit in
the rounded flatness that they covered. I began to scream again as I pulled them
off - throwing them in a corner and then crying as I resorted to pulling on my
schooldress. Sitting on the bed in my schooldress was just so shocking, every
time I got on or off the bed, I pulled the dress higher with my legs and often
caught glimpses of the fucking panties I wore. Several times I just lied down
and cried myself to sleep.

The rest of the time I tried my hardest to not think about my body or
predicament. Food was brought to me and, when I refused to eat, my breasts again
forced me to ingest. At around 4 oclock the nurse came by and told me that I
needed to have a shower. I tried to refuse but found my body walking to the
bathroom and pulling off my dress. I even was made to pull my foul vulvoid
panties off, watching with renewed frustration as my bald vulva was revealed.
Being a girl was just so different - I hated the feeling and I could not bear
the look between my own legs. I turned the shower on and walked inside, grabbing
a bar of soap and with my breasts directing me, I was forced to wash this girls
body. Soaping my breasts up was just horrible, feeling their large bulk in my
hands - but the worse was when I had to wash my cunt. My soap bar holding hand
moved lower and I spread my legs as I rubbed the bar over my vulva and into my
slit. Lathered up my other hand moved up and down my cunt, washing it. I could
feel my fingers inside this impossible slit and occasionally they would even
poke a few cm into my vagina hole. It was a horrific sensation that left me
gasping with grief and loss. How I missed my dick! How empty and flat was this
girlhood between my legs! Electric sensations from my breasts again preceeded my
bodies forced action in reaching to pick up the vulvoid panties and pull them on
whilst in the shower. Obvisouly they also needed to be cleansed and they hug my
female form as they soaked through - becoming ever so transparent so that my
slit was even more obvious. Again I was forced to rub my genitals, this time
with panties on, as I cleaned them in the running water.

I dried myself down with trembling hands, forced to spend a good deal of time
towell drying the vulvoid panties that I wore. The panties themselves were still
wet, but they soon were dried by my body heat. Feeling exhausted I went to bed
and fell into a tormented sleep. Like the night before I was woken to
masturbate, this time it was twice. The familiarity I now had with the
sensations and feel of this girls body did not alleviate my hatred of it. Each
time my orgasming cunt spasmed I grew more, not less loathing of the experience.
Yet I was trapped in this body and I could see no possible means of escape.

In the morning I awoke to find a new school uniform had been placed on my
dresser. A knock at the door announced the doctor who told me to get dressed for
school. I tried to speak but my voice choked up and as the door closed I was
left with nothing to do but do as instructed. My first challenge was to put on a
bra for the first time. It took me ages and I hated the sensation of the bra,
which made me feel like some large hands were holding my breasts. I slipped my
dress on and then looked in the mirror at the perky schoolgirl staring back at
me - curvaceous mounds emphasised my breasts and a triangular emptiness
emphasised my girls crotch in my dress. Once again I found myself breathless
with shock as a knock at the door preceeded the entry of one of the Genetech
thug drivers.

"Come with me Lisa - its time for school, lets see what the boys think of your
cute little package!" he laughed and walked from the room. I was compelled to
follow and found myself joining a queue of girls all dressed as I was walking to
the door. The girl I had changed was in the line, her errect nipples prominently
advertising he breast control. She had the look of a haunted person, having just
experienced her first night as a girl and no doubt having been forced to
masturbate to feed her vulvoid panties countless times.

We all walked from the door like female robots and were directed into a mini bus
with the 'G.I.R.L. Homes' logo (I heard this stood for Girlhood Investigative
Research Laboratories). We all sat in our school dresses on the bench seats as
the bus rolled out of the grounds and towards the school in the nearby town. My
breasts jiggled with every bounce and the girl who I had changed occasionally
stifled a sob in the back of the bus. When we arrived we saw all the other
students also arriving. We walked off the bus and most of the girls from
Genetech headed off towards the school grounds. Not knowing what to do I
followed them and walked past a group of boys who called out to me 'Hey missy!
Youre new arent you?'. Whether it was my breasts or me I cant remember, but I
stopped and turned to face them standing on the grass. One of the boys, who
looked about 17, walked up to me and sized me up - staring for a good while at
my breasts and crotch.

"Welcome to the school....er...." He said waiting for my name

"St.... Lisa!" I found myself saying, trying to say my real name but prevented
from doing so by my breast brains

He walked closer and gave me a slight push. As I stumbled backwards my legs
bumped into a boy who was deliberately placed behind me to trip me. I fell and
as I did my legs came apart and before I know it I was spread legged, with my
panty covered cunt revealed for all the boys to see. Shocked at the indignity of
these perfect strangers staring at my hated girlhood and the sudden sensation of
my lips pulling apart I began to close my legs. Instantly my nipples came errect
and I whimpered as my legs shudered apart as far as they could, my dress riding
high up my legs and the panty fabric pulling taughtly over my totally exposed
groin. They and I all stared at the girlhood revealed, noticing the curvaceous
flatness of my panty covered cunt and the obvious indent where the panty fabric
fell into the depression of my labia lips. They all started wolf whistling and
all stared at my flat rounded girlhood. I began to hyperventilate wanting to
scream at them 'help me! Im a boy like you - look what they have done to me!
Help me please! I hate being a girl!!!'. But I did not... Instead, at the
insistance of my breasts I just smiled and said 'Like the view boys? My vulva is
pleased to meet you! Think your dicks are so good? Try experiencing one of
these!' and my hand grabbed my cunt and squeezed it. They boys all stopped
laughing as I stood up slowly, eyeing each of them as I was forced to walk off.
They boys were speechless.   

Lesson one was a 'personal education' lesson covering... you guessed it, female
anatomy this week. We had our personal education books before us as we sat at
our desks. Glancing across the room I saw one of the boys who had delighted in
tripping me up and seeing my cunt. My breasts tingled and as I caught his eye I
was made to swivel and spread my legs so that he could see my snatch. I was
shuddering inside, wanting to scream yet all I could do was watch my body act in
a highly sexual manner towards the now blushing boy....

The teacher told us all to open the book to page 79. Upon doing so I saw a cross
sectional diagram of a girl's abdomen. Looking at the horrific organs in cross
section I mentally mapped out the foul body parts with my own physical
sensations. I could see the flat lips and in turn I could sense their presence
between my legs. I could see the pathetically small clitoras (my own penis had
shrunk to become this) and in turn I could sense this thing in the deep folds of
my slit. Then my eyes turned to the worst thing, the vagina.... A passage so
utterly alien that began between the folds of the diagram's labia lips and
pushed inside to meet up with the alien internal organs. Closing my watering
eyes I knew that one of the most substantial and intrusive sensations my vulva
communicated to me was the vagina... my vagina... I could feel it between my
legs and somehow its presence now became even more revolting to me... I began to
shake and my breast bains only just managed to keep control. One hand darted
under the table and between my legs, slipping past the panty side and I felt the
slit and my vagina entrance first hand - mentally relating the diagram sketch
with my own terrible reality...

At that moment I heard a girl crying somewhat hysterically and I looked across
to see the girl I had changed, whose new name was fiona, shaking and crying.
Through her dress I could see the mounds of her breast brains had widely
distended nipples - obviously struggling for control of her body. She was
obviously finding the study of her hated new body too much and had broken down.
The teacher asked me to take her to the school clinic and I complied.

We walked slowly out the door with all eyes on us and found ourselves walking
down a deserted corridoor and out into the quadrangle towards the clinic. The
girl looked at me and said "You turned me into a girl!  Ohhh god I hate it! This
thing between my legs!!! These breasts!!! Why? Why did you do this to me!!!
Aaahhhhh I hate the feeling of my cunt!" She sobbed

"I didnt want to! I hate being a girl too! These breasts made me! You know they
can control you! Its not my fault!!!" I told her

"I know.... Oh god these breasts... they made me... they made me... (sob!)
masturbate so many times!!!! Made this cunt throb and swallow!!! I hated it -
the feeling of my cunt hole swallowing when I come!!! Its too much to bear!!!!"
she cried at me.  Her hand flew between her legs and she felt herself while she
became hysterical again, her breasts' nipples became errect and she said in a
robotic tone "My panties require sustenance, where is the girls toilet!"

I was so hoping that Fiona's hysterics would attract attention so that we could
somehow let someone know that we were really boys who had been turned into girls
by our living panties... But my own breasts tingling told me that this was not
to be the case. My own body jerkily complied and together Fiona and I noticed
and walked into the girls toilet.

Fiona was sobbing as we entered the girls toilet. This toilet had no urinals -
it was a girls toilet and we were now girls. The toilet was empty and Fiona
walked straight into a cubicle. Stangely I was forced to follow and as I turned
the corner I saw she had puller her dress high and had pushed her very female
pubic mound forward as if waiting for me. My breasts forced me forward - forced
me to pull my dress high as well and then we knew that our breasts intended for
us to masturbate the other. It was an incredible shock as Fiona's hand grabbed
and started massaging my vulva. I winced at the feeling and then found my hand
had grabbed her cunt and was similarly massaging and feeling it. Touching her
cunt I could feel her girlish curves with some impartiality and it occured to me
just how amazingly different a vulva was to touch. Between my own legs I could
feel a frantic hand roaming and touching my own girlhood. I knew that in her
mind, she was examining my own cunt with fear and hate, realizing that the alien
organ that she felt in her hand also lived bewteen her legs. No doubt the other
sensation - another hand touching her sensitive girlhood in a most invasive way,
was also making her live a forceful reminder of her vulva's own flatness and
invasiveness. Part moaning, part quiet sobbing we both began to climax and
moments before we came each of us, independently, were forced to plunge our
hands down the front of the other's panties to cup and hold the other's girls
mouth whilst it came.... I could feel her panties writhing, pushing my hand out
of the way whilst they gorged themselves on her girl cum. My own panties were
doing the same and we soon removed our moist hands from their panty confines and
stared at each others sex, gobsmacked at yet another forced violation of these
hated bodies. I saw Fiona's living panties writhe as they sucked into her slit
and occasionally puffed out as the gusset withdrew with a load of her cum to
ingest into its living fabric matrix. The sight was deeply disturbing and made
many times more so by the fact that I could feel my panties doing the same thing
between my own legs.

Tired, broken spirited and utterly helpless we slowly sat on the floor and
merely cried whilst our vulva's were gorged upon. Fiona looked up at me and said
'so do you think this is what our lives will be forever now?..... Were not even
human any more! Im just a host to these fucking panties!....'

'I know!' I said 'I hate it so much.... Most of my life I have thought myself
lucky if I got to see or touch a girl... you know... on these girl parts.... ' I
glanced between my legs and at my breasts. 'But I never even thought what it
would be like to be one! To have these heavy mounds! To have no dick, no balls,
but this slit.... that tiny tiny clitoras.... that hole!!!! pushing into my
body!!! Oh!! I hate the feeling! So flat... so invasive... my breasts so big -
so heavy!!! Arrrrgggghhh!!!!'

'I cant believe Im a girl!' Fiona said 'Yesterday I was a male... I watched you
become a girl! Those panties! Those fucking panties between your fucking legs!
They changed you into a girl! I saw it happen.... It was so incredible! I saw
your balls and cock trapped in that throbbing mass... Getting smaller and
smaller while you screamed! I saw your slit form - your vagina push inside you!'

'Why didnt you help me! Get them off me!' I cried back at her 'Then I wouldnt be
a girl and nor would you!'

'I was scared... You were thrashing around so much! I didnt want to touch the
panties!' she sobbed back 'But god I wish I had now....' she said as her gaze
dropped between her own legs to the now still mound of her own vulva.... 'How
did it feel? To be raped?'

'Becoming a girl was the worst sensation by far... but the feeling of these
panties forcing a panty penis between my lips and deep inside me!...' I
shuddered thinking about it 'It was almost as terrible... I felt them moving
inside me! Deep inside a passage that I shouldnt even have - my vagina!... but
that was nothing to giving birth!'

'did it hurt?' she asked

'It did, but not as much as I feared - the panties a so much smaller than a
baby.... but that was not the worst.... it was the knowledge that I was giving
birth! The feeling of some living thing.. that I knew to be a foul pair of
vulvoid panties had violated me by growing inside me! and was now forcing its
way out! I hated the breast control that made me co-operate... so that I would
put them on you and make you a girl like me!!!! The feeling of my cunt lips!
These foul lips being pushed apart... Of something pushing them apart... Ohh!!!
It was horror....!!!! The stretching feeling! The sensation of these fucking
cunt lips moulding around those things as they came out of me..... Your
panties....'

'I hate them!' Fiona screetched 'Look what they did to me! They stole my dick!
Im a host now... A host to these panties... They stole my body! What right did
they have to change me into a girl!.....' (silence)..... 'Ive been raped too!'
she said suddenly, locking eyes with me

'Youve been raped? By your panties?!!' I said shocked

'No..... not by them...' she said casting shy eyes between her legs... 'It was
one of the Genetech people! That bastard who pointed a gun at me yesterday! That
bastard who forced me into that room... that room where you... where you....'
she began crying

'changed you into a girl?' I said

'Yes!.... that room...' she said. 'He came into my room last night... I had only
just been forced to masturbate! I was in shock, terrified... when he came in and
told me he needed to teach me a lesson!!!'

'That bastard!' I said...

'He put on a condom... ordered me to co-operate! my breasts! these foul
appendages made me lie there while he rammed his cock into my... my....
AAARRGGGHHH.... my cunt!... I hated the feeling... his dick went so far inside
me!' she broke down again.

Hearing this made me angrier than ever. It was bad enough to be treated like
some lab rat, to lose our manhood and become some helpless host in an alien
body, host to living panties and intelligent breasts... But to be raped by these
fucking men was beyond belief... Something needed to be done... Slowly a plan
began to form in my mind, a plan of revenge against that bastard that would
repay him for his horrendous crime in a most fitting way....

To be continued...




The Vulvoid Transform - Part 5

By Lisa James

The rest of the day was just horrible. After Fiona and I had made some half
hearted recovery in the girls toilet it was lunch time. We made our way to the
play ground and sat on a bench seat in our dresses, awkwardly dealing with the
fact that our short dresses kept riding up and affording the many nearby boys
glances of our pantied vulvas. In fact many of the boys had cottoned onto the
fact that our snatches were frequently put on display and found reason to stay
near us. Several times my breasts forced me to display lingering, widely spread
legs to some of the boys who gaped at the curvaceous emptyness of my cunt. I was
stuck in a sexual nightmare.

The bell rang to herald our next lesson - physical education. Following some of
the other girls to the p.e. hall I discovered that we had gymnastics and that I
was expected to get changed into a tightly fitting leotard to participate. My
breasts tingled again to remind me of my need to comply, so despite my revulsion
I walked into the girls change room where the other girls were in the process of
getting changed. Many of the girls had the tight fitting black leotards on,
snugly moulding to their girlhoods and exentuating the large bulges of their
breasts and the tight flatness of their cunts. Some girls had taken their
clothes off whilst changing and my watering eyes lingered upon their very empty
vulvas , their dickless emptyness further exentuated by the vulva lips that
spliced the space where they would otherwise have a penis and balls - were they
boys instead of girls. My own locker contained a leotard of the same kind and,
at the insistence of my breast brains, I found myself taking off my dress, my
hated vulvoid panties and bra. As the change room emptied of the other girls I
found myself standing in the girls change room nude, staring down at my breasts
and my flat cunt as I was made to pull on the leotard.

The leotard grabbed and held my hated girls body in a very intimate way. I hated
the sensation and the utterly female look that the leotard gave me. There was no
way to hide the rounded emptyness between my legs nor the huge rounded bulk of
my breasts that thrust so obviously from my chest. I tried to scream but could
not. Instead I had to endure an afternoon of activity that provided endless
reminder of my girlhood, from the lingering looks of the p.e. teacher who kept
staring at my vulva and breasts, to the gymnastics that so often had me
spreading my legs to reveal my horendous flatness and the inumerable experiences
of my cunt lips pulling apart as I spread my legs wide... I was even made to
straddle and rock on the 'horse' so that my dickless mound ground into and
rocked up and down on the padded wooden structure.

By the end of the day I was in a mess, but remembering my anger over the raping
of poor Fiona, I began planning my revenge...

That afternoon Fiona and I stuck together at the girls home, wanting to attract
the attention of the Genetech thug who had raped Fiona so soon after her sex
change. He soon came by and I made a point of flashing my snatch at him, trying
to get him aroused. From the sheer number of times I caught him staring and me I
knew I had achieved my objective. In asking Fiona when she was raped, we soon
worked out that it was when he got off shift at 8pm...

At 7pm we were sent to our rooms and I began meditating, trying to get some
connection with my panties and breasts. I closed my eyes and tried to vividly
recreate the scene from yesterday where I was ordered to change Fiona into a
girl. I thought it was not working when I felt my panty edges suddenly grip my
skin. I gasped and stared between my legs to see the gusset had started to
engorge... Stifling a cry I realised I was about to be raped for the 2nd time...
I shuddered at the thought but remembered my plan and then closed my eyes trying
to keep the illusion in place for my breasts and panties. The panties engorged
and soon reached the large bulk they had yesterday before they began fucking me.
It was 7.30 when I felt the first movement from the gusset as it began preparing
to force its panty penis into my vagina. I began to cry as the movement became
more pronounced - I was made to grab the mound and rub it up and down against my
cunt, the sensation causing my cunt to become wet and ready for the panty penis
to begin to rape me. I soon felt the bulk begin to push my foul cunt lips aside.
The gusset began quivering rythmically, more strongly each time and within a
minute I gasped and quietly screamed as it finally pushed past my lips and slid
deep into my vagina. It was every bit as horrific a sensation as yesterday.

Despite my hating the feeling, my girls body reacted to the sensation and became
aroused. I stared at the horrific sight betwen my legs - the throbbing mound
that I could feel alternately thrusting deep inside my hated vaginal passage and
next pulling out to form a large bulge in the gusset of my vulvoid panties. I
was being raped.

The thrusting continued whilst, against my will, my body began to climax and
several minutes later, moaning in time with the panty penis vioating entry into
my alien vaginal passage - I came and so did the panties. I felt their foul load
dumped deep inside my body and I felt the slop of the pany cum ooze into my
womb.... My revenge had begun.

the next 15 minutes I merely lay crying on my bed as I felt my insides churn
whilst another revolting vulvoid panty gew inside me. By 8pm I was beginning to
feel mild contractions and my stomach was slightly distended with the growth in
my womb. My heart jumped when I heard the door open and I saw the hated henchman
enter - a young and arrogant man in his early 20's.

'You've saved me some time bitch! You need to be punished for your lack of
co-operation!' he said as he locked the door and began to pull his pants down.

'Spread your legs now!' he said as he pulled his jocks off to reveal a raging
hard on. 'You will let me fuck you - that is an order!' he said arrogantly

I made a show of pretending I wanted nothing to do with it and even made him
think that my breasts were forcing me... The reality was that, despite the
horror of knowing I would soon have a real penis deep inside the cunt that I
hated so much - the thought of what was to happen made me shut this off.

I spread me legs and screamed quietly as the man pushed his penis between my
vulva lips and I felt his long shaft push deep inside me. I could feel the shape
of his penis inside me and it felt different to my panties penis. Looking down I
saw human sex from the girls perspective - my flat mouth and cunt lips moulding
around the huge member that was thrusting in and out of me. I could feel the
shaft of his penis against my hated cunt lips, and also inside my vagina. It was
a horrific sight and sensation to me and so I screamed 'You bastard! You fucking
bastard! You are responsible for my girlhood! I hate this body! I hate this
thing between my legs!'.

He just laughed and began thrusting in and out and as he did so I felt the
familiar stirings of the birthing contractions deep inside me. I was in pain
now, grunting as he thrust into me and the new panties pushed past my cervix and
into my vagina. Little did the bastard man know that his penis was inches from a
life and body changing parasite - the vulvoid panties.

He kept thrusting obvlivious and I began to scream again as the panty birthing
made my vagina violently contract. I could feel the bulk of the panty sac in my
vaginal passage and shortly it had reached the point in my vagina that the mans
thrusting penis also reached from the other direction. Soon the mans penis began
to push into the birthing sac and he gave me a quizzical look as he found the
obstruction with his cock. He pushed harder and soon the birthying sac was
copping a good pounding from his penis.

I felt the moment that he ruptured the sac with his cock. The new panties inside
the sac sensed their target - male genitals and thrust forward, latching onto
his cock with the cilla like edges. I saw a look of surprise on his face that
soon turned to panic as he pushed himself off me. His cock did not freely slide
out and he began to scream as he had to pull and pull to get it free from my
cunt. I felt enormous pain as he dragge his cock out with the writhing new
vulvoid panties firmly attached to and wrapped around his shaft. Whilst pulling
free he stared at my cunt and his cock and screamed 'Oh god no!' when he saw the
first hint of the blue panties on his emerging penis shaft. He was like a wild
man, desperately pulling free - hurting me with the sheer force of his effort.
My vulva lips were being pulled widely apart and my vagina felt as though I had
a large object being pulled through it.

When his cock finally pulled free from my cunt we both stared at his panty
wrapped cock in terror - the panties moved like lightning, faster than he could
move they slithered around and unfurled to properly position themselves on his
body. He screamed again as he took in the sight of a pair of light blue girls
panties - living vulvoid panties - now properly in place on his body, his arse
and cock now a prisoner of a life form that now would change him into a girl
like me.

'Now you can enjoy the violation and horror of a girls body!' I shouted at him.
He began to scream and pull desperately at the panties. I walked to him, stared
at him whilst my breasts casually sprayed him with the nerve agent that would
shut him up whilst he endured his body's hijack. He just slid onto the floor and
whimpered whilst the gusset on his panties began their telltale engorgement that
preceeds the sex change.

I sat on the floor and sobbed, staring at my cunt and breasts whlist his gusset
engorged. He stared with terrified eyes at the panties between his own legs and
at my own foul girl parts. I walked to him, thrust my bald cunt in his face
before saying 'check it out - you'll have one soon too! It feels just like it
looks, a flat mouthed void between your legs - I hate it and so will you!'



The Genetech man was hyperventilating as he observed the panties gusset engorge
to the size of an orange, I could see the pain on his face and I remembered
again my own balls and cock feeling terribly squashed under the same bulk when
my own vulvoid panties were engorged like his. The large mound began to quivver
and soon began to slowly beat, slightly at first then more and more obviously. I
knew they were about to pump their virst load of X Virus into the mans body -
and so did he. He looked at me with sad and terrified eyes and then spasmed as
the panties engorged gusset suddenly deflated - pushing its liquid contents into
his body and down his penis shaft. He was in agony now, feeling his manhood
ruptured by a load of x virus. The gusset reinflated and again pumped into his
body, and the pace gradually picked up until within a few minutes he had the
telltale throbbing mass between his legs. I knew that his pain would now be
subsiding, replaced by a much worse feeling - shrinking! His cock and balls were
already loosing mass - being reabsorbed into his changing body.

The throbbing continued despite the mans frequent groans and quiet screaming. It
was another 10 minutes of pulsation before the first dramatic change began to
occur... He screached suddenly and my eyes flicked to his chest where we both
saw his nipples begin to grow into girl's nipples. He was crying now as we saw
the new girls nipples begin to rise off his chest as his breasts grew from
within. Tears streamed down his face as the breast mounds grew and grew - and I
found myself fascinated enough to cup one of the growing breasts in my hand and
feel it virtually inflate into my hand. It took about 5 minutes in total for his
breasts to reach full size - medium large but perfectly firm breasts that looked
so bizarre on his still male-looking body.

I stared between his legs and saw how much smaller his cock and balls were when
the panties throbbing mass deflated. I wanted him to suffer, so I grabbed the
trobbing panty mass in my hand and squeezed - each time they deflated I could
feel his cock and balls beneath, before the engorging phase of the panties
throbbing filled my hand with its bulk. 'They're getting much smaller now - I
can feel them in here, your dick and balls... How does it feel? To know that
you're going to loose them and have a cunt between your legs very soon?' I asked
him with a sneer. All he could do was quietly scream and try to limply move.

I could also see his stomach, above the line of the panties, slowly writhing as
though something beneath was moving inside him. I knew that this would be his
womb, ovaries and other internal girls organs growing in his abdominal cavity.
Suddenly he arched his back raising his hips ,and the throbbing panties between
his widely spread legs, off the ground. I kept my hand in place, feeling the
change between his legs between each pulsation of the throbbing panties. He
screamed quietly as his hips widened and the bone of his pelvis remade itself
into a girls pelvis - his pubis bone pushing forward a tad and the space between
his legs widening to make room for his forthcoming birth canal. I felt the space
between his legs widen beneath my hands and also felt his penis and balls become
dramatically smaller at the same time. I removed my hand and felt between my own
legs, the same space between my own legs had lips - his did not yet.

The next 10 minutes were hell to watch as his balls and penis were finally
absorbed and his vulva slit began to form. I periodically touched the space
between his legs out of fascination and to further torment him. The former
henchman's body had passed the point of simply having no dick - it was now
starting to form labia lips. I saw the first little indent of the new labia near
his arse. Each contraction of the panties revealed more carnage to his former
manhood, and whilst we both watched terrified I kept glancing between my own
legs and touching my girls mouth - tracing the length of my cunt lips as I
visually tracked their growing length between his legs. Occasionally I would
grab the throbbing panties again to feel the shape beneath, pushing my fingers
into the slit as it lengthened in the void where his cock and balls once were.
The almost-girl heaved a wracking sob each time my hand forced the contracted
panty fabric into the forming slit. My hand was constantly pushed out of the way
by the reinflation of the panties as they continued their frenzied throbbing
between his legs. I wanted to remind him intimately of the shape of his genitals
as they morphed into the vulva they were becoming.

He now looked very female, his face had even begun to round out and his facial
hair had fallen out and his skin had softened. All ofa sudden he found his voice
and screamed 'Oh god!!!! Help me!!!! Help me please!!! Doctor!!!! I am becoming
a girl!!! Nooooooo!!!! Not me!!! Please Noooo!!! Help me - I dont want to be a
girl!!!' His voice jumped and octave or two and now sounded very girlish.

He made so much noise that the doctor actually heard him and opened the door.
The look of shock on his face as he saw his own henchman writhing on the floor
in the final stages of a sex change. The former henchman's eyes widened and he
scream again 'Oh god!!! No!!!! VAGINA... VAGINA!!!! Help me doctor please! I can
feel the fucking vagina forming!!! Aaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!'

The doctor looked at me and then looked at the new girl and simply said - 'you
know its irreversable, you are a girl like the other now. How did this happen?'.

The new girls panties began to slow and soon stopped, her trembling hand grabbed
her vulva for the first time and she screamed all the more, her desparate
shaking fingers feeling the void where her cock and balls once were. She locked
eyes with me and said 'She did this to me!!!!'

'He raped me!' I told the doctor 'and Fiona yesterday - so I made my panties
inseminate me before he arrived. Now he knows the horror you inflicted on me and
the others!'

'Oh god! I had my cock in her... Then this terrible feeling happened - I felt
these fucking panties inside her - they grabbed my dick, wrapped themselves onto
me... I pulled out of her but they were so quick... They slithered onto me...
Then she sprayed me and ... Oh god!!! Im a girl!!! Noooooo!!!!!' She sreamed
again. Her panties were releasing their grip upon her body and she thrust a
frantic hand down their front to cup her vulva for the first time. 'Oh god! Its
so flat! Ive got a slit! A cunt slit!!!1 Noooo!!!! I can feel my hand touching
it! Aaaaaaaaaaahhhhhh!!!!' She screamed again

The doctor looked shocked and said 'I cant deal with this right now! I dont know
how you could have tricked your breasts into letting this happen! Anyway - sorry
for your loss John, but you are now just one of the girls - get used to it! You
can stay in Lisa's room until I can arrange other lodgings and a full
investigation!' And with that he left - locking the door behind him.

The new girl screamed all the more 'No! no! please doctor! Do something! come
back pleeeeeaasse!!!!' and she broke down crying again. Her hand was still
holding her cunt beneath her panties and she gasped suddenly as her nipples
became suddenly engorged. Her previously still hand began to move up and down
against her vulva and she began to gasp. It was clear to me that she was about
to experience her first female masturbation and orgasm. I remembered my own
first experience - the utterly alien and horribly flat and invasive feel of my
cunt, the soft lips and warm slit where I once had a cock and balls - and that
most horrible of female accessories - my vagina, pushing deep inside my body....

'Stop it! Please stop my hand, I cant control it! I dont want to touch it -
no!!!! please!!!!' the new girl begged as her hand worked faster and faster
between her legs. Suddenly she screamed and gasped at the same time and it was
obvious from the angle of her hand that she had been made to stick her fingers
into her vagina for the first time. Her hips bucked off the floor and her
frenzied hand and pumping hips soon had her moaning and gasping in short bursts.
Shortly thereafter she came in a screaming wail of disbelief. She pulled her
hand from her panties and watched in tears as her writhing panties lapped up her
cunt juices and she experienced the deep rythmic swallowing of her first vaginal
orgasm, staring at the flat, yet curvaceous pubic mound and occasionally at her
large ripe breasts.

'Welcome to the club' I said to her as I walked over and picked up my own
vulvoid panties off the floor. I pulled the hated lifeforms up my legs and felt
their horrific form cup my own damned girlhood. For some reason they began to
puff up in the front and then deflate as though breathing. They were not raping
nor masturbating me, they beat slowly between my legs like they were breathing
in and out. Each time they deflated their living fabric cupped my vulva and the
sensation served to remind me or my loss of my penis and balls. I sat on the
floor and began to cry again as I watched the terrible panties respirating on my
cunt and watching the new girl sob as her panties still writhed whilst absorbing
her new cunt's first female ejaculation meal.

She looked up at me and said 'please god... help me!, I dont want to be like
this...'

I looked at her with pity and said 'Genetech dont know what they have done...
You turn us into girls, grow intelligent breasts on us to control us and expect
us to be host to these fucking panties! You think we will simply follow your
instructions - but what you dont get is that these panties, these breasts - this
host body have a different imperative now - survival! I could feel my breast
brains helping me when I did that to you! I am so afraid now that these vulvoid
panties wont just be contained! If I can escape I will... Either willingly or
otherwise I am going to turn others into vulvoid girls... We will grow in number
like some hideous female vampire coven.... Until vulvoids are all that are
left...'

The new girl screamed 'No!!!!!' and grabbed her breasts and cunt

'Yes its true... tonight changed things.... now get some rest, your first night
is a nightmare of forced masturbation and acclimatisation to your new enslaved
body...'

To me continued....




Vulvoid Transform - part 6

By Lisa James

Timeframe: 3 months after Lisa becomes a vulvoid girl



Agent Pieter Yasharov was a covert operative for the USSR secret service, 24
years of age he was one of the youngest in the service. When the russians heard
word of a highly secret weapon called Vulvoid being developed by the Americans,
they had no choice but to find out more. The information trail was extremely
hard to find, yet working alone and with diligence and following instincts Agent
Yasharov found a trail that led to a home for orphan girls, somewhere in Oregan.
Whilst thinking it an unlikely trail, nonetheless he hired a car (under an
alias) and drove to the small town that was host to the girls home called
secretly known as GIRL (Girlhood Investigative Research Laboratories).  Driving
through the night he located the facility and parked the car discretely and
walked towards the grounds. The facility had guards and surveilance cameras.
Peering from a boundary he could see several high-school age girls engaged in
various activities - one appeared to be writhing on the grass in a school dress
with her hand between her legs clearly masturbating! This was one of the
wierdest (and possibly most arousing) missions that Agent Yashanov had even been
on.

Whilst waiting for dusk he noticed a bus, aparently full of relatively young
(16-25 year old) people - male from what he could see. The bus entered the
facility and the pasengers were watched carefully as they left and entered the
building via a ramp that appeared to go undergound.

About 1 and a half hours later the sun was down and the guard appeared to be
changing, Agent Yashanov madea break and entered the grounds, heading for the
ramp that he saw the bus passengers go down. He dodged several roaming guards
and sweeping cameras before slipping between the doors at the end of the ramp
that led underground. He followed a long corridoor and stairs that seemed to
leed to an underground chamber that was strangely silent.

Turning a corner he saw a most interesting sight - a hall filled with two facing
rows of what looked like cryogenic chambers. Each one was about the size of a
large fridge with a clear rounded glass front. Each one contained a person!
Agent Yasharov pulled out a digital dictaphone and began to take notes...

'Agent Yasharov here... I have penetrated the facility and made my way to an
underground facility... I am in a hall with what look like cryogenic chambers -
each containing a person... This is bizzarre, but they are nude except for
underwear, and... wait... the underwear is moving! Beating in and out like some
weird heart... what is this?' He walked closer, looking at the left hand row of
chambers and walking up to the first one.

'I dont know what is going on here... the people in the chambers are male... yet
they are wearing panties... and the panties are moving! I still cant see the
faces of the men, they are obscrured, but I can see the body twitching and
straining like they are trying to escape... hang on...' he looked to his left at
the bank of chambers facing the left hand row. 'No... I made a mistake, they are
not all male, the ones on the left are female... weird...' as he said this he
looked down the line of chambers on his right and noticed something even
stranger...

'Wow... I dont understand... The men on my side... some of them have...
breasts!' He stared at the throbbing panties covering the crotches of the men
nearby and began to feel uneasy... 'I dont know, but I think that they are
undergoing some kind of change from female to male, or male to female... I cant
tell which!' He walked down the line on his right staring at the person in each
chamber. When he got half way down his line he stopped and stared at the person
in the chamber nearest. Fo some reason the body was twitching more than the
earlier ones. Their penis and balls clearly presented in the bizarre throbbing
panties between his legs. Agent Yasharov stared then at the person's chest and
saw an amazing sight... The small male nipples litterally swelled before his
eyes and grew into much larger female nipples.

'Oh my god! I just saw one of the men grow girls nipples... hang on... I see
breasts forming, they are growing before my eyes! These men are being turned
into girls!' He spoke into his dictaphone. He then began to walk down the line
and observe the changes of each of the victims inside the chambers... 'The ones
behind me must be further into the process... The ones opposite me appear to
have become fully female! The breasts appear to be the first changes, but now
that I look I see that the appearance fo breasts also seems to conincide with a
noticable reduction in penis and ball size...'

He walked further down the line and stopped outside a chamber with a victim with
large C sized breasts and a rather smallish penis revealed when the throbbing
panties deflated between beats. 'I am watching one of the victims now, the
panties are throbbing like they are alive and I can see the person inside
frantically straining at the restraints! I cant even beging to imagine what it
might feel like to become a girl like this! The penis is smaller each time I see
the panties deflate... hang on... oh my god! The hips are widening before my
eyes!'

Agent Yasharov was getting scared now, he moved to the other side and watched
something that made his scrotum contract 'I am watching another chamber now -
more advanced in the transformation, the penis is so small I am actually
watching it disappear! Oh my god! They are changing men into girls!... I can see
the poor bastard writhing, trying to get out!'

Just then there was a loudish hiss and the chamber with the person that Agent
Yasharov had assumed a girl - the most changed person - slid open. What emerged
was a lithe girl with large breasts, shapely legs and the most girlish of
crotches. Her panties were not throbbing. She screamed 'Oh my god!! Im a girl!!!
I have a cunt!!! Oh god - please no! My dick! I've lost my dick! I hate the
sensation between my legs!!! Help me!!!' Agent Yasharov slid between one of the
chambers containing a transforming man-girl and watched a spine chilling scene
unfold... The newly released hysterical girl grabbed her breasts and screamed
'Aaaahhhhh!!! These breasts are controlling me!!! Nooo!!! I wont.... Please
no!!!' and her shuddering body moved to some low padded benches that sat between
the two rows of chambers... She sat down screaming 'No... please no!!! dont make
me touch it!!! Help!!! I need a doctor!!! I cant bear the feeling!!! Being a
girl!! no!!! I cant control my body!!! Heeelp meeee!!!!' and she spread her
legs, grabbed her amazingly female panty covered mound and began to masturbate!
She screamed obscenities as she did so and decried the sensations of her new
flat and internal genitals. Whilst this happened Agent Yasharov watched the poor
bastard who's penis had just become completely absorbed, enter another phase of
the transformation.... A clear and obvious cleft appeared in the flattened mound
between his/her legs... Obviously a vulva slit was beginning to form... Whilst
the slit lengthened the released girl reached orgasm and began hysterically
bucking her hips whilst almost violently feeling her coming vulva and sobbing
about the swallowing sensation of her 'girls mouth' and the emptyness and
invasiveness of her cunt.  Her panties were moving again - differently this time
- sucking into her slit and moving over her vagina whilst she just watched in
horror.

Agent yasharov was getting worried. Hiding in between two chambers he pressed
himself towards the back to escape notice and in doing so hsi ear pressed
against one of the chambers. Inside he heard the person screaming in a girls
voice "God no!!! Im growing a vagina!!! Noooo!!! Not a cunt... Please god no!!!!
Vagina!!! Aaaaaahhhhhh!!!". Agent Yasharov heard another hiss and heard another
chamber open - the occupier stumbled from the chamber and began an almost
identical screaming, pleading and masturbating routine. Several minutes later
another chamber opened and another poor new girl emerged to experience her first
breast control.

It was ten more minutes of this kind of hell when the chamber that Agent
Yasharov was hiding behind began to open. As the cover swung open it knocked him
and in an adrenaline induced slow motion he fell forward to land in front of the
chamber. Whilst the most recently released girl did not notice, the others did
and their reaction was bizarre.

"I know they have turned you into girls!" Agent Yasharov said

Two of the girls, who had finished masturbating, began to cry and said "Yes!!
Its so fucking horrible!!! Help us!!! Plea... plea... aaahhhh!!!" and they
grabbed their breasts suddenly as if trying to tear them from their bodies.
Their faces took on shocked, disbelieving looks and they moved forward to Agent
Yasharov. Standing just a few feet from him, one of the girls took her hands off
her breasts, thrust them in his face and whimpered as a spray of clear liquid
shot from their nipples to hit Agent Yasharov. "My body!!! I cant control it!!!
I think its these breasts!!! God no!!! Im a girl robot!!!" she wailed

Agent Yasharov said "What!!! I feel... Strange.... No!!!! I..." and with that he
dropped to the floor, very much alive yet unable to move. He hit his head on the
floor and also passed into unconciousness. In a way that saved him watching a
newly changed vulvoid girl endure the ultimate sexual violation of panty rape
and birth. When he woke up he was inside a chamber, nude and from the squeezing
sensation between his legs he just knew he had on a pair of the filthy vulvoid
panties! He began to scream and desperately fight the restraints that held him.
It was useless.



It was five minutes before the panties first injective pulsation. Several more
minutes before the panties beating rythm was established in which they drove
fluids into his body. He was hysterical yet unable to do anything other than
feel his body begin to change. First the nipples, then the breasts. He felt his
penis shrink, his balls shrink, his hips widen. He endured the horror of the
wiring up of his new breast brains into his nervous system. He felt his cock
become fully absorbed and felt every millimetre of his labia lips forming and
parting. He wished himself to wake up, that it was a dream - yet he knew it was
not when his vagina began to bore inside his body from behind the hated girls
mouth between his legs. Agent Yasharov became a girl.

****************

It was minutes of mental and physical torture after he felt the final changes
take place between his legs that the beating of the panties slowed and stopped.
He was now a girl! - no longer a he but now a she! Breathless and shaking with
shock there was a hissing sound as the front of the chamber slid up and the
restraints let go. She stepped from the chamber and immediately glanced between
her legs to see a perfectly female mound hugged by tight bikini style panties.
Ripe, firm breasts thrust from her chest. She screamed in a girls voice and
grabbed between her legs, her hand sensing for the first time the rounded
flatness of a vulva. It was shocking to be able to cup her whole genitals in a
cupped palm! She squeezed the organ in disbelief and felt her palm grind into
her clitoras where her penis used to be. It was an unbelievable sensation, but
far worse was the sensation of the lips being parted by her frantically roaming
fingers. She now knew what cunt lips felt like - and it was a sensation she
hated. Her frantic hand pushed down the front of the panties (whose cilla like
elastic edges had released their tight grip on her skin) and she felt her slit
directly. It was moist and horrifically female. Her trembling fingers forced a
passage into the slit and pushed down the length of the slit from its beginning,
pushing past her pathetically engorged clitoras and moving back about 2 inches
intill they were at the entrance to that most girlish of organs - her vagina.
She was sobbing and emitting piteous wails as she felt her vulva, then she
screamed again as she pushed her disbelieving fingers into her vagina passage -
first one then two fingers burried themselves inside this hole. She shuddered at
the thought that she had a girls hole where she had testicals just an hour ago.
Glancing around she noticed for the first time the other recently transformed
girls. Many were still frantically masturbating - many were simply sitting in
shock, a few were still staring at and feeling their girlish body parts with
looks of horror on their faces.

She could feel her fingers inside her, feel her hand pushing her vulva lips
apart. She started to pull her fingers out when she felt an electric sensation
in her breasts and saw her nippled become errect. The electric sensation became
more pronounced and then she felt something that made her blood run cold. Her
hand began to move my itself, like her body was being controlled by someone
else. Her hand began to rub her cunt in the same way that the other girls had
began to masturbate. Now she understood why the girls all seemed to do the same
thing after being released from the tank - but connecting the obvious dots, she
dropped her saddened and horrified eyes to her breasts, realizing that these
fucking hideous mounds on her chest were not just breasts, but they had
intelligence! There was another brain in her body now, in the guise of these
perfectly ripe breasts, and it was now controlling her and forcing her to
experience her new sexuality in a most graphic and inescapable way. She could
not even cry as her body control made her spread her legs further and rub her
slit, enter her vagina and palm her clitoral area (where her penis used to be)
with increasing frenzy. She felt her vulva and vagina begin to get wet, her
clitoras throbbed and she began to wildly buck her hips as she was forced to the
point of climax. The sensation of her highly aroused vulva was alien and so flat
and invasive, her breasts were throbbing now in time with her clitoras when she
felt the beginning of an orgasm. The orgasm built up and then came tumbling in
on her, she felt her vagina spasming with an swallowing sensation that started
near ver vagina entrance and moved inside her body. Her vagina lips tingled and
her clitoras sent waves of female pleasure through her emasculated crotch. It
was a magnificently powerful orgasm, yet she hated it utterly for the wrongness
of this sensation in her (formerly) male body. She also felt her first female
ejaculation - a flood of juices spewed from her vagina and into her panties. She
knew what was going to come next - the 'gusset' of the panties was touching the
hand she still had thrust down the front of her living panties, it began to
move. She felt another powerful electric sensation in her breasts and her hand
jerked up and out of her panties while the gusset writhed and wriggled above her
vulva. She could feel the foul living fabric brushing and cupping her labia and
wriggling into her slit. She began to cry again in frustration, yet was forced
to sit upon one of the benches, spread her legs and powerlessly observe while
this bizarre and hated living underpants gorged itself upon her orgasmic jiuces.
To say she felt violated was an amazing understatement. This day she had been
raped by her own forming vagina, she had been demasculated, she had her chest
defiled by intelligent breasts and she had become host to a most foul form of
parasite - a pair of vulvoid panties. Her life would never be the same again -
and she did not even know the whole truth about her forthcoming existence as a
vulvoid girl...

There were 14 chambers in the room, and when Agent Yasharov entered there were
14 boys and men transforming within them into girls. All 14 were now girls, as
was she, and they all appeared to be lying or sitting around in combinations of
shock and disbelief. Everyone was whimpering and frequently calling out for
help. There were a few conversations, and those generally covered exchanging
graphic descriptions of how their new genitals felt and how their breast-brains
had stolen their bodies. Many still touched and stared at their new female
genitals and breasts. Under any normal circumstances Agent Yasharov would have
been enraptured to be in such close and intimate presence to such obviously
lovely girls bodies - but the fact that he was now a girl, sensing the very
organs he used to covet between his (now her) own legs, made the experience
anything but pleasure. In fact it was hell.

There was a lound thump as a door opened and in walked more girls and women. At
the head of the line was a youngish girl who cleared her throat as she
introduced herself as Lisa - formerly Stefan, the head vulvoid. Behind her were
about 8 others, including some older women who had the haunted faces of the
tortured.

"Let me apologize to you for your circumstance, I too was a male only 3 months
ago and I have undergone the sexchange you have all endured. I would like to
tell you it gets better - but that would be a lie. I would like to tell you that
your girlhood is reversable, that a doctor could inject you with some serum and
return you to your boys or mans body. That cant be done - your girl's body is
now your new home..." Lisa spoke, pausing for the inevitable gasps and horrified
protests from the new girls

"Silence!" she barked. "Today you have not just changed sex, you have changed
species in a way.... Your bodies may be female, yet they are more... Your
breasts are intelligent, they can control you, you can work with them or fight
them - you cant win if you fight them. Having been a host for 3 months I can
tell you that you will slowly merge your thinking with your breast brains - you
will develop such envy for anyone male that you will want them to share your
fate - your girlhood!" and she grabbed her panty covered cunt as she said this.

The recently transformed girls were all transfixed and many hyperventialting as
they listened, partly out of fear, some forced by their breasts (as evidenced by
their engorged nipples).

"The panties you wear are life forms developed by Genetech. You are now their
host and they will use your body for three things... shelter, food and
reproduction. You will hate your panties as I hate mine, yet they are now part
of you in a way. You will be forced to masturbate regularly to feed them... Your
vagina, vulva and womb will be used to produce other vulvoid panties... Yes they
will sometimes rape you... yes you will give birth... all against your will. Yet
your hatred of all men and boys - especially these ones..." Lisa said, swinging
her gaze and pointing towards the older women in her group. "Will see you join
me in wanting them all to become like us... Vulvoid girls! The females I pointed
out earlier were the very scientists and doctors who developed the vulvoid
program... I have extended their experiment to their own bodies... They now must
endure what they made me endure. We have gone from being the subjects to being
the masters." Lisa continued.

"The former general here...." Lisa said pointing to an attractive yet highly
distressed lithe female who appeared to be in her late thirties "was most
co-operative before we changed him... he arranged for you military prisoners to
be brought here, so that we could start building our covert Vulvoid army... We
now number 30... We will form groups and disperse into the community, changing
as many boys into vulvoid girls as we can, building our strength. Growing our
numbers and sharing our fate with the world of men and boys! A vulvoid girl is
like a startrek borg - you have been asimilated! Yet you are also like a
stargate gu'auld - your parasitic controlling intelligence is in your breasts.
We will take over this world!"

... to be continued




The Vulvoid Transform - Part 7

By Lisa James: ljchange@hotmail.com

Note: Original storyline for this chapter is credited to Stacey OReilly

As far as Russian Secret Intelligence was concerned Agent Yasharov had gone
silent - no direct contact in more than 5 days. Yet what agent Yasharov did not
know was that one of his teeth was actually a positional transponder and the
agent's master knew exactly where their agent was. What they did not know is why
the agent had gone silent. So they dispatched another to find out. Agent Simeon
was about 26, male and in superb physical condition. He made his way to the
facility that was the location of Agent Yasharov's position....

Agent Yasharov endured his first day as a vuvloid girl in the same kind of deep
shock exhaustion that all new hosts endured. Her symbiot panties were hungry for
all their effort in changing him into a girl. Accordingly, at the insistence of
her new mamobellum breast brains she masturbated her new vulva many many times.
She simply hated being a girl, hated the feeling of the mouth-like void between
her legs, hated the weight and intelligence of her breasts. She hated the
knowledge and sensation of living panties betwen her legs and began to get a
haunting sense of the intelligence of her breasts that were wired into her body
as surely as her own brain was.

On day two she found out the shocking truth about where the vulvoid panties came
from as she saw one of the new girls raped and give birth to a writhing panty
symbiot at the order of the aparent Vulvoid leader Lisa. It suddenly dawned on
her what it truly meant to be a vulvoid girl. She was not just the victim of an
unwanted sex change, she was not just an enslaved host to some living panties
whose putpose was to feed and host the panties... Her body was part of the
sexual reproductive cycle of the panties. She was going to be raped - to give
birth! She stared at the triangular curved mound between her legs with renewed
fear and horror....

Like all vulvoid girls, over the next few days, her thoughts began to
intermingle with the thoughts of her mamobellum. At times they would violently
assert their control over her body. At times she would sense no interferrence or
influence in her body control - they were simply large sexual mounds upon her
chest. At times she could feel some subtle cross-over of their thinking, and she
found this perhaps more concerning . She could sense their hatred of males,
their envy of the male body and sexual organs. She sensed that the breasts would
compell her to change as many men and boys into vulvoid girls as they could.
Yasharov vowed that she would not co-operate, after all it was her body - not
the body of her unwelcome breasts or panties. Yet events would transpire to
prove that she was very wrong to think she could do anything but watch her body
become an instrument in the ruination of many lives...

Five days after Yasharov's transformation the replacement agent Simeon had
arrived in the area. Under cover of darkness he found his way into the grounds
of the facility - noticing an empty bus in the grounds as he entered the
buildings. He had a tracking device that let him locate Yasharov - yet he was
very careful to not be discovered. It soon became aparent to Yasharov that there
was something extremely strange going on - as, from many a hiding spot, he saw
girls wearing little but panties moving about the facility.

His first thoughts were that the lucky bastard Yasharov had found himself at
some sex venue and was busy fucking his brains out with these gorgeously
curvaceous girls. But as he watched more closely he began to see some things
that began to disturb him. Quite a few of the girls cried as they moved along.
Several more passed while touching their breasts and panty covered vulvas - yet
they had looks of dispair and revulsion on their faces - not sexual pleasure.
One girl even sat of the floor and began masturbating whilst yelling out for
help - saying that she hated being a girl and that she could not bear to touch
her cunt. She became almost hysterical as she neared climax and then began
begging to have her dick grow back before comming. What simeon saw next was
almost unbelievable... She spread her legs and stared at her crotch while her
panties moved, as if alive, writhing over he vulva. It was like watching some
bizarre sex-horror movie. How could a girl possibly want to grow her dick back?
Girls dont have dicks... Unless they were'nt always girls....

Finding suitable hiding spots was not always easy. Each time that Simeon moved
from cover he would hear sounds of approaching girls and would have to rapidly
hide again - several times he almost got discovered. Breaking cover from a plant
room Simeon began moving down a corridoor when he heard the sound of male voices
and shouted orders from a girl approaching. He ran ahead and entered a larger
room - mostly empty except for a few mobile hospital style beds and several low
benches along the walls and what looked like a fish tank - empty except for
liquid in front of one of the benches. There were a number of large medical
machines along one wall including what looked to be MRI scanners and X-Ray
machines. Thankfully he found a hiding spot in time as the door opened and in
walked about 10 young men, followed by about 6 of the girls. All bar one of the
girls had guns pointed at the men to ensure co-operation.

One girl appeared to be in charge - she directed the men to line up and take off
their clothes... One of the men objected and had three machine guns pointed at
him until he complied. They all took off their clothes and stood, millitary
style in a line wondering what the hell was going on.

"Welcome to our facility - my name is Lisa. Today we are going to perform a
little experiment - and you are to be the subjects. Look at me and you see a
girl. What you dont know is that I have not always been a girl - nor were any of
these girls born with the bodies you see before you.... Each of us is now host
to a pair of living panties - called vulvoid panties - that changed our bodies
when they took us as hosts." Lisa said to the frightened men.

She pointed to one of the other girls and said "I have a host for you to change
now".

The girl screamed "No!!! Please I dont want to.... no... oh... ahhhh!". She
shuddered and stared down at her breasts - her nipples now quite errect. She sat
on one of the low benches and spread her legs - staring at her crotch. Simeon
was getting extremely worried and could not imagine what was going to happen
next when he noticed the girl's panties gusset begin to swell. A few of the
now-nude men, staring at the beautiful girls and the widely spread legs of the
girl on the benches, began to get hard-ons.

"She is about to be impregnated by her panties... In less than half an hour she
will give birth to another pair of panties... Which one of you will have the
pleasure of putting on!" Lisa said as the young men gasped. "It takes about an
hour... the change.... and I'd like to tell you its enjoyable, but the fact is
that its not. Your DNA is rewritten... you grow breasts! Intelligent breasts -
like mine!" Lisa grabbed her breasts and screamed "I hate them! They control me!
Make me do unspeakable things..." She also shuddered and seemed to regain
control. "You will loose your penis - it will become your clitoris. Your balls
will become absorbed - your scrotum will thicken up and split to form your labia
- your girl mouth. You will grow a vagina!" She now grabbed her panty covered
crotch and began to cry.

The girl whose panties were swelling gave a shout and grabbed her bulging
panties. "No!!! God no!!! Theyre moving! Pushing into my... my.... ahhhhh!!!!
Its inside me!!!! Please god no!!!" And she removed her hand to reveal a very
flat female mound with no hint of the bulge. A moment later the bulge reappeared
and then it disappeared again. The action picked up speed as the panties pushed
its panty penis inside her vagina and moved in and out of her. The girls breasts
reasserted control and she was powerless to do anything but watch a throbbing
mass between her legs that was clearly raping her.

One of the men was clearly very disturbed about this news and tried to run. For
his efforts he was shot - dead. The other men began to beg and plead to be let
go, some visibly trembling. The girls holding the guns raised them again and one
of them said "any one else want to choose death?" They all shut up and stayed in
line - becoming more terrified by the minute. Many were glancing now at their
manhoods and then at the girls - obviously beginning to imagine what it would be
like to be a girl host. From the looks on their faces it was clear they were not
happy at the prospects. Simeon meanwhile just waited - transfixed from the
shadows of the MRI machine.

The girl, Lisa, pulled her panties down to her knees and thrust her vulva
forward. "This is what you will have between your legs! A cunt! A vulva! A
vagina! Check it out boys - its every bit as flat and invasive as it looks - and
each of you will become like me when you become a host." She walked over to the
nearest man and grabbed his penis. "I used to have one of these! My fucking
panties stole it from me and made this fuck mouth grow in its place!" Again Lisa
began to cry as she cupped her bald vulva in her other hand whilst she held the
mans penis in her other hand - feeling its shape and size with undisguised envy.

The vulvoid girl being raped by her panties began to pant and moan as the panty
penis forced her to the point of near climax. She was pumping her hips into the
air in time with the thobbing penetrations of the panties when she suddenly came
- screaming as she did so. She grabbed her vulva and began to cry as she felt
her wet girlhood cupped in her hands - knowing that a new vulvoid life form was
now growing inside her.

The next half an hour was very surreal. Simeon watched the belly of the raped
girl swell subtly. He saw Lisa sit next to the girl and bizarrely comfort her
whilst the men were forced to stand, silent and watch. Twenty five minutes later
(by Simeons watch) the girl began to get contractions. She pulled her panties
off and spread her legs, staring at the arc of her slit with fear and hate. She
lay on the floor and began moaning and thrusting her pubic mound in the air. Her
nipples were engorged, which Simeon had guessed was a sign of breast control.
Minutes later she began moaning faster and faster and then we saw her vulva
bulge out momentarily before her labia lips were split from the inside by the
birthing panties. She screamed as she watched and endured the escape of this
horrendous life form from her recently formed vagina. It was encased in a clear
sac, yet everyone could clearly see the writhing form of light blue vulvoid
panties inside.

Lisa stood up and walked to the nearest man. "Pick them up - put them on - you
are first" she said.

The man began sobbing and begging. "Please no!!! I dont want to become a girl!
Please... This is inhuman! You cant! You dont have the right!" he wailed

"These guns give me the right! Do it or die - your choice!" She screamed at him.
He moved like a man in a dream, trembling and shaking. He walked to the newly
birthed panties and picked up the sac. It ruptured in his hands. The panties
within fell to the ground and writhed on the ground. One of the guard girls
thrust a gun at the man reminding him of his task. He bent over and picked the
panties up, placing one leg through a leg hole and then the next while the
panties wriggled. We could see the edges of the panties that looked like elastic
were crawling like the feet of a millipeed, latching onto his skin and 'walking'
up his legs. He screamed as he felt their touch upon his skin and then took a
deep breath and puleld them all the way up his legs. The panties immediately
grabbed his skin and held firm. He screamed again and tried to pull them off -
but found they would not budge! He became almost hysterical when Lisa walked up
to him and thrust her breasts near his face. Some spray seemed to come from her
nipples which sprayed onto the young man. Moments later he slid to the floor -
aparently unable to move. He was obviously still very much awake and his
frightened eyes darted from Lisa to the panties between his own legs.

Simeon could barely believe what happened next. All the vulvoid girls, including
Lisa began gasped as their own panties began to engorge - a sure sign that each
of them was about to be raped and give birth to the panties for the rest of the
men. The young man wearing the newly born panties lay on the ground with his
panties also engorging - but for different reasons. Almost at the same time, ten
minutes or so later, the panties all appeared to deflate. The young man screamed
- having regained his voice - that the panties had pumped some fluid into his
dick and that he could feel his dick was 'rupturing'! The girls own panty
engorgement masses thrust into their vaginas. The panties all inflated again
then contracted, inflated then contracted and gradually over several more
minuted picked up speed until the young man and the girls all appeared to have
throbbing masses between their legs that beat at the pace of some alien heart.

Several of the young men broke the line and began to move to hel ptheir friend.
Despite being raped, the girls with guns (and widely engorged nipples) fired
some warning shots to bring the men back into line.

For ten minutes or more the panties raped the girls until they all came in a
variety of sobs, screams and whimpering - clearly hating the experience yet also
clearly highly aroused by the massaging of their genitals and subsequent
orgasmic release. Almost at the same time the young man began to scream that
something was wrong with his chest and before his (and Simeons) horrified eyes
his male nippled began to grow. They thrust from his chest and soon began to
lift higher as a mass formed beneath. The man was growing breasts before
everyones eyes. It took ten astounding and disturbing minutes for the breasts to
fully form into ripe C sized mounds on his chest.

The young man now looked half girl! Simeon glanced at his own chest and tried to
imagine what it would feel like to grow breasts. The young man seemed to gain
more muscle control and he grabbed his breasts and screamed for them to be taken
from his body. He begged to be allowed to take the panties off - to be taken to
hospital for 'treatment'. He begged to not become a girl. Unfortunately for him
nobody was going to help and the girls were all now reaching final stages of
their panty gestation. Most had pulled their panties off and were in labour.

The young man grapped the throbbing mass between his legs at tried to stop its
contractions with a desperation that Simeon could understand. The his face took
on the strangest of looks and his hands began to shake violently, then his legs.
Moments later he screamed in indignation that his body was being controlled as
his hands returned to his sides, his legs were obligingly spread to allow the
panties unhindered access and he could do nothing but watch his evaporating
manhood.  Each contraction of the throbbing panties revealed a further shrunken
penis and balls and already his facial hair had fallen out and his facial
features and skin seemed to soften. He was changing into a girl right before the
dumbstruck eyes of the hiding Simeon and the frightened men.

The girls were all beginning to give birth, groaning and screaming in
indignation. They decried their changed bodies and each and every one of them
obviously endured the ultimate female sexual act with hatred and fear. Simeon
glanced between his legs and was reassured by the bulge in his pants. What it
would be like to be changed into a girl this way and to experience vaginal
intercourse and birth was something he shudderd at the thought of.

The man-girl suddenly raised his hip of the floor as a strange crunching sound
was heard. His hips widened and his waist became smaller whilst he screamed
obscenities at the wildly pumping panties between his legs. There was hardly any
bulge at all between his legs now - his crotch was clearly developing the
curvaceous shape of a vulva. Meanwhile the terrified men, still lined up, some
with hard-ons and most crying watched their intended panty symbiots writhe
within the birthing sacs in front of the girls. The girls each grabbed their new
panties and placed them in a glass tank that was setup in front of the men.
There the panties moved like some bizarre life form through some liquid that was
obviously meant to sustain them.

The terrified men watched their friend in the final phase of his sex change and
stared at the tank of writhing panties. Periodically one of the new panties
would press its gusset up to the glass and you could clearly see the wriggling
edges that were meant to look like looped elastic, clearly see the shape of the
gusset region which was obviously where the contractive ability of the panties
derrived. They all imagined one of those creatures cupping their manhood in a
sex-changing embrace.

The man now had a completely flat crotch. His face was one of defeat and sorrow
as he took in the shape. He yelled out 'Im a girl! Oh god no!!! Im a girl!!!'.
But then his face changed, he became fearful again, then hysterical. Simeon was
staring intently at the throbbing mass between the man-girl's legs and saw the
flatness begin change - he was growing a vulva slit. Each throb revealed a
longer slit as the victim's vulva mouth formed. Clearly the victim had through
that the flatness was his female end-state, but when he felt his groin begin to
open up, he clearly realised the worse was far from over. Minutes later the
contractions revealed a 4 inch long mouth between the victims legs. The final
change was not visible to observers in a physical sense by the screaming of the
word "Vagina!" by the new girl told Simeon and the rest of the room that a
vagina was forming between her legs. Five minutes later the panties alteresd
their contraction and slowed then stopped.

The new girl grabbed her new vulva and screamed whilst she hysterically felt her
new genitals for the first time. She pulled her panties down and saw a bald
vulva between her legs. "You bitches!!! Youve turned me into a girl!! God! Look
at it! I've got a cunt! Nooooo!!!". She cupped her vulva in her hand, her index
finger slipping into the slit whilst her other fingers and thumb covered her
labia lips. Her nipples suddenly came errect and she stared in horror at her
breasts. Clearly against her will her hands moved to her knees to grab the
panties and pull the up her legs. She then grabbed her mound again and began
massaging it, rubbing her hand up and doen her panty covered slit and pushing
the palm of her hand into the space above her new clitoris. She began
masturbating.

"Help me! I cant control my body! God no! These breasts! They are making me
touch my... my.... ahhhhhhh!!!! my cunt!!! Help me please!' She pleaded. She
rubbed and rubbed at her crotch and occasionally one of her hands would squeeze
one of her breasts. Three minutes later she came for the first time as a girl.
She was screaming 'Help me please!!! Im a girl!!! I cant control my body!!! Oh
god please - someone get me to a hospital!!! Ahhhhhhh!!!! My god! My vagina is
swallowing!! Its swallowing!!! No!!!! Its so deep inside me! No!!!!'

One of the young men shouted at the girls 'You fuckers! Youve changed Porter
into a girl! You bitches! You fucking bitches!'. Simeon swung his gaze to the
tank where the vulvoid panties were and thought realized what was going to
happen next.

Lisa pointed at the man who had spoken and said 'you will be next... choose a
pair of panties and put them on'

'No way bitch!! No way are your fucking living panties going to do that to me!!'
he screamed and pointed to his friend on the floor who was now watching her
panties gorge on her first female orgasm juices.

'Do it or we will shoot you!' Lisa screamed

'Fuck off!' said the man

'Shoot him!' yelled Lisa and one of the Vulvoid girls lifted her gun, breasts
widely engorged, and shot the young man dead. As he slumped to the floor she
pointed at the next young man in the line and said 'choose a pair of panties and
put them on... now!!'

'No... please... no!!!! I dont want to die and I dont want to be changed into a
fucking girl slave!!! PLEASE!!!' he screetched and did not move

'Shoot him in 5 seconds if he does not comply!' ordered Lisa

The young man heard the girl with the gun on him count down... At three seconds
he moved towards the tank with the panties writhing inside and began to cry
hysterically. He reached it and begged to be let go... The stony silence of the
vulvoid girls told him he had to choose....

He chose life - albeit as a sexchanged girl host slave. He was sobbing and near
hysterical as he reached into the tank and pulled out a pair of panties. They
writhed and moved like a thing alive. The put one leg through a panty leg hole,
the panties writhed all the more. He begged to not be made to do this, but the
shooter cocked her gun and the young man got the message. Slowly and shaking
like he was being electrocuted he pulled his other leg through the second leg
hole and began to pull the living panties up his legs. At his knees the panties
tooker over the task and, to his utter horror. he saw the cilla like edges grab
his skin and the panties wriggled up his legs. They came to rest, fully covering
his manhood and then beginning to engorge as the man screamed.....

As this young man also began his horrific transformation, the other men were
given the choice to become a vulvoid girl or die. Before choosing each of the
men stared at the girl, Porter, having chosen enslavement and sexchange over
death. Glancing between her legs at her own respirating living panties, Simeon
wished the new girl Porter could have chosen death.

Only one other person chose death of the 8 remaining young men. All the others
hysterically chose to become vulvoid girls and pulled on their own sexual terror
- the vulvoid panties that grew their intelligent breasts and made their hosts
female. No more than 2 hours later there were eight new vulvoid girls who had a
night of female orgasms to look forwards to.

Lisa told one of the guard girls to take the new girls to a dormitary. There
they were given their girl clothes - mostly school dresses, plus some 'time-off'
normal panties. They were ordered to spend the night in the room after eating
their post-sexchange meals.

Agent Simeon had now witnessed a vulvoid sexchange several times. He understood
what a threat this new technology was... He had seen several boys and men loose
control and become enslaved girl hosts. It was shocking and incredible. Whatever
those panties did to the host was almost the stuff of science fiction - growing
intelligent breasts... changing their physical sex... making them hosts to some
amazingly horrific life-form - living panties that fed off and reproduced using
the genitals of their changed hosts. He glanced between his own legs, shivvering
at the thought of what the victims must feel and endure and very glad he was
very much a man...

They left the room and Simeon, absolutely shattered at his discovery and
terrified of capture, left the shadows ofthe MRI. As he did he knocked over a
clip-board on the side of the MRI. It banged to the ground and clattered across
the floor. Simeon flinched and crawled back into the recesses hoping that the
noise would go unoticed. Ironically it was the former agent Yasharov who was
walking down the corridoor at the time and heard the noise. At the insistence of
her mamobellum she went to investigate the sound, unsure of where it had come
from. She walked into the room in which Simeon lay hidden and looked around.
Simeon recognized her at once and got the shock of his life. Instead of the
handsom and muscular man that he knew Yasharov to be - the person who walked
down the corridor, past the crack in the door that Simeon peered from, was such
a stunning girl! Yasharov's facial features were still evident, yet she now has
the soft and feminine face of a girl and tumbling blonde hair. Her eyes were
haunted, yet it was her body that was the most shocking to observe. As was
generally the rule inside the facility, Yasharov only wore her panties - light
blue bikini style with the looped style elastic around the legs and waist. She
had ripe, firm breasts that bounced as she walked. Her crotch was so
fantastically girlish that Simeon could not help but get an erection. The flat
stomach curved down and hugged by her panties curved around the corner to her
arse. Simeon could see the gap where her slim legs met her pelvis. Her
curvaceous and rounded pubic mound exhibited the cleft that advertised her
obvious labia lips - her crotch was obviously a vulva. As she passed Simeon
noticed the panties shockingly move, inflate a touch where the gusset appeared
to be, like a lifeform taking a breath. Yasharov winced and glanced between her
legs, grabbing her mound in her hand as she walked she quietlyl sobbed 'please
no! I only masturbated this fucking cunt an hour ago! Not again! I hate being a
girl!!!'... And with this she left the room....

Agent Simeon was upset at seeing the physical condition of his friend and tried
to not think about what he (now a she) must be experiencing. As he scouted the
facility he came to the room of Agent Yasharov - whom he knew was elsewhere and
he entered. He looked about and found, surprisingly, the voice recorder of the
agent in a drawer near her bed. Agent Simeon grabbed the recorder and hit play.

What he heard was a recording of Agent Yasharov's observations, his finding the
mass-transformation chamber beneath the building - the shocked observations of
Agent Yasharov as he watched the group of men within the chambers become vulvoid
girls. He could hear the frightened yet sexually aroused screaming of the
obviously masturbating new girls from the chambers. The he heard the commotion
that heralded the discovery of agent Yasharov. Thankfully the recorder was off
(obviously confiscated) during the sexchange of agent Yasharov.

For some reason known only to Yasharov, or rather her breasts, the recordings
continued. Yasharov would, from time to time, record her feelings and
sensations. She spoke of the horror of being a host. The irony of how she used
to do anything to be allowed to feel a girls cunt and breasts - but now she was
a girl she could touch them whenever she wanted. She described the sensation of
the 'alien' intelligence in her breasts and she described the sensations of her
vulva (which she clearly hated) in a way that would have normal girls crying at
the injustice of being born with such sexuality. But more than anything she
spoke of her hate for the living panties that had 'stolen her manhood' and that
'like some sexual deviant' kept 'touching' her vulva and feeding from what she
described as her 'fuck mouth'.

.....

Simeon walked out of the room, again shocked and upset with the information he
now posessed. Yet despite his stealth he came face to face with the girl agent
Yasharov. They locked eyes and Yasharov said 'Simeon!!! Thank god youre here!
Please... you have to help me!!! They have turned me into a girl!!! I hate....
I.... Ahhhhh!!!!!!' Yasharov began to wail and she dropped her gaze to her
breasts. Her nipples were becoming errect! 'Run!' She pleaded to Simeon. She
began to convulse as if she was fighting for control. Simeon took flight -
running to find a place to hide. Yasharov's breasts gained control and made her
run after Simeon. Simeon had since disappeared to Yasharov was forced to find
Lisa and inform of the intruder...

'Find him - make him one of us!' Lisa orderd when forcibly Yasharov told her of
finding Simeon.

'No!!!! I dont want to be fucked!!! No!!!! Please no!!! I dont want to give
birth!!!!' Yasharov begged

'None of us do!' Lisa screamed back while grabbing her own panty covered cunt 'I
hate this thing!!! But We have no choice!!!' She screamed as her breasts nipples
engored and began spraying a fine mist of the breast spray in some bizzare panty
dominance sexual display. Lisa collapsed on the floor crying as she was made to
masturbate. Yasharov's own breasts nipples engored again and took control of her
- forcing her to hunt her friend.

As Yasharov roamed the corridoors, she tried to think about how Simeon would
have sought refuge. She settled upon one of a number of store rooms that were
along the way. Pausing at the door of each one she, with flaring nipples forcing
cooperation, listened for Simeon. At door number 2, after 5 minutes of listening
she heard a bump that told her that Simeon was inside. She felt an electric
surge in her breasts as she was made to bizarrely walk around the corner - away
from the room. She was made to sit upon the floor and she wondered what the hell
was going on when she felt a chilling sensation - her panties elastic cilla
edges grabbed her skin. She felt the tiny claws dig into her and tap into her
vascular system. She had not experienced this kind of behaviour before. Scared
and wondering what was going on she stared at her flat girl mound then noticed a
slight change in her panties gusset - they swelled before her eyes. She began
shaking, joining the dots she realized that the gusset mound was right over that
most horrifically female of organs - her new vagina. In disbelief she saw her
gusset engorge - becomming larger and larger until it was the size of a large
orange. Her breasts tingled and her hand moved - grabbing the mound and grinding
it into her vulva - the bulk parting her lips and rubbing on her pathetically
modified former penis - her clitoris.

Yasharov knew she was about to be raped! She struggled to stop her body from
rubbing her cunt with the panty bulk - she could not. After minutes of forced
self-foreplay he hand retracted and she watched in horror as the bulk of her
engorged panty gusset began to disappear. At the same time she felt another
revolting sensation - her labia lips were parted and she felt a foreign object
thrust into her vagina! She felt another organ in her body! She knew it was the
panty penis and she quietly sobbed as it withdrew and subsequently thrust into
her hated female organs again. She now knew what penatrative sex was. She could
not believe that girls would not also hate the sensation of another body part
being thrust inside them! Yet despite her lothing of the sensation, the panty
penis also aroused her - rubbing her clitoris on the way and also arousing her
vagina entrance itself. For five horrific minutes the panties raped agent
Yasharov until she came unwillingly and when it did she felt the penis enter her
one last time then rupture and spill some hateful load of vulvoid sex into her
internal girls organs. Still in the grip of her engorged breasts brains, she
could only watch and sob as she knew she had been impregnated - the next step
would be birth! Shocked and dazed she sat for about a half an hour - wishing to
wake from the dream - whilst she looked at her incredible female mound between
her legs and observed a slight swelling of her stomach caused by the growing
panties within her womb. Shortly after this she felt a twinge that she
shockingly knew was a birth contraction. Her breasts nipples engorged again and
she was forced to walk to the room where Agent Simeon was....

She opened the door - looking around she saw this room had a lock on the inside.
In the lock was the key which she grabbed and tucked into her panties (having
nowhere else to hide them), but not before locking the door...

'Simeon!' she yelled out 'I know you are here! I've been raped! I've got some
fucking vulvoid panties inside me and I'm going to be forced to give birth! They
are meant for you! These are your panties inside me! They will change you into a
vulvoid girl like me! Please help me!!! I hate being a girl!!!'

'I cant help you here - you need to let me escape! I will get you help - you
know that!' Simeon spoke back

'I want to... But... Aggghhhh!!!! Oh god the panties are coming!!! Im giving
birth!!! You cant imagine what its like to have a cunt!!!!' Yasharov screamed
and grabbed her cunt. 'Nooo!!!!! So flat!!! So invasive!!! Ive got a vagina!!!!
Aaahhhhh!!!' Yasharov screamed again, grabbing her cunt and spreading her
legs... 'I am being forced!!! These breasts! They make me do things against me
will!!! They are intelligent!!! They speak to me!!! No!!! No!!! Run!!!' She
screamed as she grabbed her breasts and then jerked upright - her eyes scanning
the room. She sighted Simeon and holding her breasts she ran at simeon - her
breasts emiting a spray of the breast spray.

Simeon ran and dodged and Yasharov came after him again - periodically she would
stop and spread her legs screaming about the birth of the panties that were
earmarked for Simeon's sexchange. Simeon ran and dodged, but occasionally a
small proportion of the spray from Yasharov's breasts would mist over him and he
could already feel the effects. Yasharov was back near the door and sighted
Simeon again, she began to run at him with a spray emiting from her breasts.
This time Simeon did something that he knew would be the only thing that might
save him - he pulled a revolver and brandished it at Yasharov. Yasharov looked
at her friend and began to cry - moving forwards despite the threat of the gun.

'I will shoot!' Simeon said as Yasharov inched forwards, her breasts spraying
the nerve agent again and narowly missing Simeon.

'I cant stop! I am being controlled! Oh god!!! Help me!!!!' She screamed and
grabbed her vulva mound again as she groaned in birthing contractions. She moved
forward again.

Simeon yelled again 'I will not let you get any closer - stop or by god I will
have to shoot you to protect myself - cant your fucking breasts understand
that!'

'Please.... Shoot me! I cant live like this... In this body... A sex slave... A
girl... Ahhhhh!!!' she began to wail again as another birth contraction wracked
her and she took on step forward again. Her breasts were so errect, the nipples
began to spray again and Simeon was desperately scared.

Yasharov began to run towards Simeon and then he fired twice, once in each
breast. Yasharov looked astounded, then dropped to the floor. She stared down at
her ruined breasts and screamed 'Fucking breasts! Oh god they just wouldnt stop!
But now you have killed me! Ahhhh!!!!' she wailed thrusting her girlhood in the
air as another birthing contraction wracked her dying body.

'How? I just shot your breasts - I know your heart is ok? You will be fine!'
Simeon said

'No! You dont understand! When these horrendous breasts grow on you, they wire
into your nervous system. The also take over control of many of your body
functions. Already I am struggling for breath...' She wheezed and gasped. 'Its
to ensure we never harm our breasts - when they die so does the host!!' She
wheezed again and her breathing stopped. In her dying moments however her
birthing vulvoid panties could not help but cause her to endure one more vaginal
contraction - her hips rising off the ground and her legs spreading widely
apart. She slumped and her eyes closed - killed by the very breasts that had
taken away her liberty. Simeon shuddered and grabbed his own manhood
reassuringly to convince himself he was not a girl.

Simeon was deeply upset - Yasharov was a friend.... Yet this was preferable to
the fate that Yasharov had obviously been forced to endure. Simeon stared at the
panties between Yasharov's legs and saw them twitch. He shudderd at the thought,
yet quickly realised that he must make a hasty escape. He went for the door and
found it locked - from the inside...

He hunted around for the key yet could not find it. He realized that Yasharov
must have done something with the key. He was cautious as he looked for the key
on Yasharov. He was mindful of the panties - yet they seemed to have slowed in
their twitching considerably. He knew that Yasharov had not yet given birth - so
he was more relaxed than he should have been. He looked in Yasharov's hands -
turned the body over and back again then noticed the outline of a key down
Yasharov's panties. Shuddering - yet sure that Yasharov and her living panties
were dead he pulled down the front of the panties to get the key.

Seeing Yaharov's bald vulva was very confronting - it was so sexual, so female,
so flat and rounded. As he pulled the panties down the key slipped down into the
slit between Yasharov's legs.... What Simeon did not know was that the recently
gestated new vulvoid panties had actually breached her vaginal lips and that the
first part of the new panties was actually poking out from between her legs. As
Yasharov felt for the key in the slit between the dead Yasharov's legs - he
brushed the new panties. In this phase of their existence they were highly tuned
to human male pheremones. Despite being lodged in a dead girl's vagina for 5
minutes - their birth fluid preserved them and they instantly activated. They
latched onto the male flesh and held tight.

Simeon winced and pulled his hand. His hand did not come free and as Simeon
began to feel a sensation of dread he pulled and pulled his hand - thereby
pulling the part-birthed panties from Yasharov's vagina! With the speed of
Simeon's muscular tug the panties came free and they encircled his wrist. He
stared at the panties in shock and tried to grab them with his other hand. Being
alive, the panties already knew their quarry and they moved amazingly fast -
propelled by the cilla like elastic edges. By the time Simeon's other hand
reached his panty covered hand they had moved up his arm! He grabbed and winced
as he missed, then feeling the fast moving living panties wriggle up his arm he
changed tactics and desperately grabbed further up his arm. He touched the
fabric and felt elation as he began to get a grip on them. The panties reacted
like lightening and literally jumped off his arm... Onto his face!

One minute he was staring at his arm and the next he was staring at the inside
of the gusset of some nightmarish living panties that were clinging to his face!
He could see the gusset 'breathing', he could see the wriggling elastic style
edges and for a moment imagined his whole face being changed into a cunt! He
screamed and grabbed at his face, yet the panties were on the move again! They
scrabbled around his face to his neck - then scrabbled down his shirt! He was
getting frantic now, he ripped and tore at his shirt trying to pull it off. By
the time it came off the panties were at his waist. As his hands moved -
adrenaline propelled - towards the panties, the panties slithered under his
trouser tops and he felt a most amazingly chilling sensation.... Despite his
frantic efforts to get his pants off in time he could not. As he threw his
trousers to the floor he looked down in shocked amazement to his boxer shorts.
The shorts writhed as if alive and Simeon felt the vulvoid panties slither
between his legs. He felt the cilla-like elastic edges crawl like a thousand
millipedes over his skin - his balls instinctively retracting as if they
recognized the horrific threat.

By the time he pulled his boxer shorts down he was wearing the panties that were
about to change his life. His horrified gaze swung from staring at his own
vulvoid panty captured groin to the ruined groin of the girl slave former male
agent Yasharov. Simeon was going to become a girl. He grabbed at his panty
covered manhood and screamed....

With trembling hands he pulled desperately at the panties, but they held tight.
He pulled so hard that he actually tore some skin where the cilla like panty
edges had dug into his skin like a million hypodermic claws. The panties merely
shifted their grip to the side of the tear and held tight again. Simeon realized
that he was never going to get the panties off this way. He felt the panties
gusset begin to inflate and could feel his body fluids being sucked into the
tiny hypodermic panty edges that looked so inocently like looped panty elastic.
He decided that he must stop the panties inflating and beating, so he tore his
trousers into some bizarre form of constricting torniquet and wrapped them
between his legs to apply pressure to his genitals. The panties gusset was
expanding with force and it was hurting his cock and balls to be constricted
from the pressure of the engorged gusset and the torniquet between his legs.
There was no way to tie the torniquet so he had to hold the loose ends of the
trouser torniquet to keep the pressure up.

He was almost crying with the pain of the constriction on his male genitals.
After ten minutes or so he dearly hoped the panties between his legs were fading
and perhaps even dying.. Tentatively he released some of the pressure on the
trouser torniquet. Almost instantly he felt like he had been kicked in the
balls. The pain was excruciating as the panties pushed their first load of
x-virus into his body. He crashed to the floor and felt the panties re-engorge.
They pumped again and the torniquet was pushed to one side by the panty gusset
action. He was in shock as he regained his composure - feeling the enormous pain
subside between his legs but feeling the panties quicken their pace of their
throbbing contractions between his legs. He stared between the loosened fabric
of the trouser torniquet and saw his groin. The innocent looking light-blue
girls panties were alive and moving like some alien organ between his legs. He
could see his entrapped penis and balls outlined in the living fabric between
pulsations. He was terrified yet managed to regain control and pulled the
torniquet back into position, pulling with such force that he did manage to stop
the horrific sex changing panties from their beating between his legs.

He was trembling yet his hope was renewed. He now realised he needed to flee, so
he hobbled to the dead Agent Yasharov's body for the yet to the door. He felt
between Yasharovs femanized legs and found the key but in doing so he over
balanced, he fell and his hand went forward to stop his fall. It landed on one
of Yasharov's bare breasts and he felt the slick of some liquid on his hand. In
shock he felt his hand loose control as a feeling of deadness came over his
whole body. He had touched the paralysing breast spray and as his body slumped
towards the floor he realized his hope was now gone.

He fell face first into Yasharov's lap. He was staring at her dead panty covered
cunt! He felt the trouser torniquet slip from between his legs and then felt the
sickening sensation of the panties gusset engorging again. Less than a minute
later he felt another contraction - the panties pumping some horrendous sex
changing fluid into his body. Before long he felt the throbbing contracting mass
between his legs begining its full assault. His bloodstream awash with
sex-changing retrovirus.

Half crying and half screaming he stared at the already ruined pubic mound of
his ex-colleague whilst he felt the changes begin in his own body. His change to
a vulvoid girl took an excruciating hour. The first 15 minutes seemed endless
where the throbbing panties pumped his body. With each expansion of the
pulsating panty mass he could feel his body fluids sucked into the hypodermic
panty edge cilla. The fluids were being drawn into the living panties gusset
where they were rapidly infused with massive quantities of X-Virus being
manufactured by the gusset in this host-adaptive stage of its existence. Each
contraction forced the viral laden fluid back down the panty edges ant into his
lymphatic and blood stream. By this time his body had a high temperature whilst
a dwindling defense system tried to deal with the army of retrovirus. Sheer
numbers and the pumping circulation of the panties meant this defense had no
chance.

On a cellular level the retrovirus targeted male cells. When the retrovirus
entered the male cell they were chemically attracted to the Y Chromosome -
attacking it and killing it. The retrovirus then took up residence in the cell -
a very special kind of X Chromosome in nature. Each changed cell became
effectively female. Their programming was to grow into a female body, and their
post-adapted state left them in a growth phase that meant they asserted the
physical form in their host. This is why the host body changes into a girl, and
with virtually every cell in the victim's body being X-adapted and in growth
phase, the changes in the body were extremely rapid. One other sinister aspect
of the X-Virus chromosome was that it had additional coding. It was an amazingly
complex piece of genetic engineering on behalf of the creators - Genetech. They
had grafted into the X Chromosome some coding that caused a dramatic change in
the breast structure of the host. Instead of the simple milk gland collection,
the breast tissue had brain cell characteristics. They also had some hard-coded
memory characteristics. When the host grew breasts, the breasts were actually a
new form of auxilliary brain with actual intelligence. They were self aware and
they were designed to incorporate themselves into the hosts nervous system.
Their hard-coded memory meant they knew how to react to the olfactory triggers
from the panties. They knew how to masturbate a vulva. They had an imperative
and drive to 'reproduce' by forcing the host to turn others into Vulvoid girls.
The X chromosome also had one other significant adaptation to the breast
structure in its coding - the nerve agent glands. These grew near the nipple and
lived alongside normal milk glands. When triggered by the breast brains, they
sprayed a nerve agent out of the nipples that was designed to temporarily
parylise - allowing the Vulvoid girl the opportunity to more easily birth and
place vulvoid panties on an intended new host. The X-Virus chromosome was a
magnificent yet horrific piece of work - and Simeon was just beginning to
understand how horrific.

Simeon began to feel the Parylising spray work off, and he groggily rolled over,
away from the cunt of Yasharov. He sat up and grabbed the panty mass throbbing
between his legs, squeezing it with all his might until he was able to stop its
pulsation. He could feel his balls and penis beneath the still squirming fabric
and he cried out when he felt their size. They were smaller than they had been -
not by much but they were smaller. Also they had a kind of numbness to them that
he found deeply disturbing. Siddenly he felt a sensation on his chest - his
nipples were hurting. He looked down and saw, to his shock, the nipples expand
and grow into obvious girls nipples. He screamed out 'No!!! Please no!!! Im
growing breasts - fucking breast brains!! Noooooo!!!'

The new nipples began to rise off his chest as small lumps formed beneath them.
The mass beneath each one grew and grew before his eyes. He took one hand off
his panties and grabbed one of the growing breasts and squeezed with all his
might. Despite this effort he still felt the mass grow in his hands. He also
felt the panties begin to beat slightly - permitted by the reduced squeezing now
he was holding his panties flat with just one hand. Forced to decide between
letting the panties beat and cause his dick to shrink more, and holding the
growing breast, he let go of the breast and grabbed his panties again.

Unimpeded the breasts grew and grew. He screamed and wailed as they grew - he
could feel their weight growing and hated the sensation they gave his body. For
about 10 horrific minutes the breasts grew on his chest until at last they
stopped - grapefruit sized. He then felt a most horrific sensation. Somewhere at
the back of each breast, he could feel somethig pushing into his chest cavity
like hundreds of tentacles. It was the nerve connections from the breast brains
growing into him and they were headed for his spinal column and brain stem. He
screamed more than ever as he felt them attaching themselves to his nervous
system, like some Stargate Gu'auld symbiot taking over a host. As the breast
nerve fibres integrated with his brain and spinal column he felt electric surges
in his breasts and in other parts of his body. His limbs began to twitch and one
leg almost vibrated is juddered so much. Five minutes later the breast brains
had integrated and they performed their first and most essential host control.
They forced Simeon to stop impeding the sexchange panties from their beating.
His nipples came errect - a sign of host breast control - and he wailed as his
hands moved off his crotch, he was forced to lie down and spread his legs. The
panties began to inflate again and as Simeon was powerless to do anything but
watch, they began beating again.

The next phase of his sexchange was a nightmare as he felt his penis and balls
shrink. With each contraction of the throbbing panties gusset his penis felt
smaller and his balls felt smaller and different. He cried, silently, as he
watched the change in the size of the bulge cause by his cock in the panties -
each time the panties contracted. Suddenly he felt another horrific sensation as
his pelvis changed shape - his hips widened and the pubic bone pushed forward.
He raised his hips off the ground and screamed as his girl's bone structure
asserted itself. After several minutes of pain and a terrible crunching sound
coming from within his pelvis his bone reformation was complete. His bottom
rounded out and changed shape. He stared down and saw a girls pelvis. Now the
panties fit more snuggly and he noticed that the bulge of his penis and balls
looked very out of place now. He also felt his face softening, all his facial
stubble falling out and his corser body hair also falling our - litterally
falling from his body to reveal a more silky smooth and femanine skin beneath. A
squeezing sensation in his throat was the precursor to his voice changing - his
next scream was in the high timbre of a girl's voice!

Next he felt a sickening lurch inside his stomach. From his belly button down to
his pubic bone beneath the panties he could see his skin being pushed and pulled
as his abdominal internal organs changed and formed. He knew in his heart that
he was gorwing a womb, ovaries, modified bladder and cervix. He felt
unbelievably helpless and was shocked at the sensation - his churning insides
clearly distending and writhing his skin in this area. For ten long minutes he
endured the formation of his internal female reproductive organs.

When the churning ceased he stared again at his entrapped balls and penis. His
balls were squeezing his testicles which had shrunk to the size of unshelled
peanuts. His penis was now just 5cm long and quite thin. He felt an agonizing
pain as his two shrunken testicles popped inside his abdominal cavity. As the
pain subsided he could sense them changing and moving inside him - migrating to
become ovaries. His scrotum was now just a fleshy bump with much thicker skin -
they would later become his labia lips. His penis continued to shrink and he
watched the bulge gradually disappear from his panties. At some point the uretha
split off from the engorgable tissue of his penis and they headed in different
directions - the penis now the size of a pea and rapidly burrying itself beneath
the skin. This was going to become his clitoris. Looking between his legs he saw
a flatness that was utterly female to look at and he screamed - assuming that he
had become a girl.

The panties still beat like a heart between his legs. When engorged it puffed up
and hovered over the gap where his penis and balls once were. The thobbing mass
seemed to be beating further round his groin now - less to the front and more to
the back. In the contraction phase of the beating, the living fabric touched
down upon his ruined crotch and he felt the touch of the material upon his
demasculated groin. He stared at the flatened mound between his legs, curvaceous
and shockingly female. Yet despite having become, what he thought was a girl,
the panties beating continued. He then felt a horrible sensation near his arse.
He stared at the place and noticed when the panties touched down upon his skin
they seemed to indent a touch in one place. The sensation grew as the observed
dip became an obvious cleft. He realised with even greater shock that he was
watching labia lips form between his legs. He was not a girl at all yet! The
sensation of parting skin as the cleft became a slit was deeply confronting. He
watched it grow in length as it curveed forward towards the empty place that his
penis used to be. He felt the lips thicken and the slit deepen whilst he was
powerless to do anything but scream.

'God help me!!!! No... please help! Im growing a vulva! Noooooo!!! Please!! Its
invading me! I hate the feeling! Ahhhhhhh!!!' Simeon wailed as his vulva lips
completed their formation. Between engorgement the panties moulded themselves to
his new female form and he saw the slit and lips graphically revealed between
his legs. Again mistakenly thinking he was now a girl he got another shock as he
felt a stirring at the front of his slit as some tiny remnant of his absorbed
penis took shape into a clitoris. Suddenly his vulva was alive with sexual
feeling. Bizarrely each time the panties touched down upon his skin he felt
himself become aroused - aganist his will, for the arousal was horrifically flat
and alien to him. He felt his clitoris swell - so tiny yet so powerfully sexual
that it overcame him. His whole vulva was alive with sexual tension, his labia
lips tingled, his clitoris throbbed at the pace that the pulsating panties
touched the tiny clitoral head at the front of his slit.

'I hate this fuck mouth! No..... Im a girl! Im a g... g... Ohhhh!  Ahhhhh!!!!
God no - please no more Noooooo!' He screamed as he felt another sensation
between his legs. His legs parted further and he felt a strange pushing
sensation in between the folds of his new vulva - close to his arse. The
sensation became stronger and felt ike something was pushing into him. Taken
again by grief he realized that it was a vagina growing between his legs. It
felt like rape, a sexual organ was being pushed into him - yet this organ was
his own vagina and it was never going to be removed after the violation of the
rape. He felt the sexual passage burrow into his body, deeper and deeper it went
until he felt within his pelvis a writhing sensation that he knew was the vagina
joining with his new internal reproductive organs.

Gasping and sobbing he saw the panties slow in their beating and finally come to
rest on his new, utterly girlish, genitals. At this time the breast brains,
which till now had held their electric grip over Simeon's body, released their
ascertive control. Previously powerless to do anything but endure the horror of
a sex change he grabbed the mound and felt a vulva - his vulva. He was a she.
She felt the hand with her vulva - the lips and the flatness where her penis
used to be were so sensitive. Her vulva felt so flat, yet soft with his hand
cupping the femanine void. Her shaking hand roamed about her vulva in the usual
post-transformation desperation to locate male genitals. As usual this self
examination yielded nothing other than a sensory reminder of what it feels like
to be a girl. The shape and feel of her vulva were utterly female and she began
to get angry with her groin for being female. She grabbed harder and felt her
index finger slip into the slit between her vulva lips and push the panty a
small way into her new vagina. It was sexual horror to feel this opening between
her legs where before she had a sizeable penis and ample balls. She also felt
the panties were damp and realized that her tingling and arousal of her cunt was
making her vagina wet. It was a horribly alien sensation.

The shock of the sensation of her finger inside her slit was too much. Crying
again she pulled her hand off and then cast her gaze to her breasts. They thrust
up from her chest like grapefruits - they had no place on Simeon's chest - yet
they were their to proclaim her girlhood to the world. She grabbed them in her
hands, feeling their bulk and weight and reeling from the sensation of her
breasts feeling the grasp of her hands. These organs-of-the-opposite-sex could
feel and she now knew what it was like to have breasts on her chest. She did not
know what she hated more - her vulva or her breasts. Both were hideous reminders
of her sexual state. She could barely cope with the knowledge that these ripe
mounds were more than just normal mammary glands - they contained an enslaving
intelligence that ruthlessly controlled her body, and had prevented her from
removing the beating vulvoid panties. In a way the fucking breast brains were
ultimately responsible for her girlhood. She hated them with a passion and began
to squeeze them, becoming angry she tried to pull them from her chest. The pain
was amazing, but her tearing-off hopes were dashed when she felt her nipples
become instantly errect and her arms violently flew to her side at the
insistence of her breast brains. She knew that the brains would protect
themselves.

Staring at the panty covered void between her legs she took note of where the
gusset sat, how the panties hugged her skin, how flat yet curvaceous her vulva
was. She hated the sight of this teenage vixen cunt, hugged by innocent looking
(and now still) panties. She closed her widely open legs and felt another
sensation that shockingly reminded her of her girlhood. Her vulva lips came
together and touched. She almost screamed at the sensation and quickly spread
her legs again only to feel the lips pull apart again - an even worse sensation
she decided as it most graphically said that she had an opening between her legs
- a mouth.

At that moment she felt the cilla-like edges of the vulvoid panties release
their claw grip on her skin. She gasped and then wasted no time in pulling her
panties off her crotch and down her legs. Her nipples again popped up for a
moment to force her hands to stop pulling the panties all the way off - they
hung at her knees with their living fabric slightly moving and the gusset
respirating slightly - the only obvious clue now that these things were alive
and not just light blue schoolgirl panties.

She stared down through the gap in her breast mounds, past her flattened stomach
to her vulva. It was bald and ever so flat and from this angle she could only
see the start of her girl-mouth where the skin first parted as it curved around
towards her arse. She sat upright and was afforded a better look at this
horrendous sex organ between her legs. She could see the full extent of her
lips, seeing how it split her apart and noticing its length - about 4 inches.
She could see the slight parting of her lips at the front where her clitoris
was. She parted her legs wider and gasped again as she saw the slit of her lips
part and reveal a better look at the inner folds of her vulva slit. Nearer her
arse she saw the chilling entrance to her vagina. With her legs so widely spread
she could even see her vagina entrance was also slightly open - that horrific
sexual passage that now lay within her girlish body.

She grabbed this bald vulva mound in her hand and felt it directly. Feeling her
fleshy girl-lips and noticing how her cunt felt to be touched. It was warm and
flat, softish and shockingly invasive. She ran a finger up and down the slit,
crying as she did and juddering at the sexual tension that this brought. She
touched her clitoris and screamed at the injustice of having her penis changed
into this tiny lump. She traced her finger again inside her lips. As her finger
reached further round the arc of her vulva it reached her vagina. Suddenly the
'floor' of the slit disappeared and her finger dipped into her vaginal hole. Her
hatred of the sensation was indescribable, yet strangely she continued to push
her finger in - whimpering as she did. She pushed her finger deep into the
vagina and wriggled another finger inside as well. She could feel her fingers
inside her! Her fingers could sense the shape of the vagina and felt the ribbing
of the muscular sides of the passage. She felt her vaginal lips distend and
uncomfortably stretch and mould themselves around her hand and fingers to permit
the passage of her exploring hand inside her. 'I hate being a girl!!! I cant
stand this fuck hole!!!! Vagina!!! Oh god.... Noooooo!!!' She wailed as her hand
withdrew from her first vaginal insertion.

Dealing with the enormity of her body change was an incredible ask. She was in
shock and alternated from wailing to crying to quiet begging to have this
sexchange and body enslavement reversed. Nobody answered her prayers. Her eyes
flicked to the hideous living panties at her knees. She hated these organisms
like she had hated nothing in her life. Their gusset still moved, puffing up
ever so slightly then contracting, like they were breathing. She realized they
probably were. She shuddered at the thought of these things touching her and
remembered that shocking moment when they latched onto her hand and the even
more shocking moment when she felt them pull themselves between her legs -
dooming her manhood within to absorbtion and reformation as a vulva. As she
stared at the gusset she noticed a small puff of some slightly cloudy gas seemed
to eminate from the panty gusset. She then smelled an odd yet subtle kind of
smell.

What happened next was amazing. Her nipples almost immediately expanded and her
hands began to move. They pulled the panties back onto her body. She shudderd as
the living fabric once again cupped her girl-mouth. One hand then grabbed and
began massaging her vulva whilst the other grabbed and began kneading one of her
breasts. In disbelief she realised that she was being made to masturbate! She
determined that the panties must emit some kind of odour when they needed
feeding that was picked up by the hijacked nervous system of the host -
triggering the breast brains into forcing the host to masturbate. She knew that
she was about to experience her first girl's orgasm.

As a man she used to masturbate by grabbing her massive and engorged penis shaft
and pulling the skin on it up and down by pulling her tightly help hand up and
down the length of her lost penis. She had no penis now, and all she coudl do
was to rub at her flatness. With a cupped hand she squeezed her vulva and she
ground her palm into the place where her clitoras was. She was frantic - partly
aroused and desperate for sexual release and partly horrified at the sensation
of having to masturbate a groin that was lacking her penis. Yet her breast
brains ensured she complied and she rubbed and rubbed, she occasionally ran a
finger or her hand along her whole slit length and ended this motion with
pushing her fingers and the panties into the vaginal entrance within her vulva
mouth. Her breasts throbbed sexually now as well as did her clitoras. Her labia
tingled and her vagina throbbed. After a minute or so she felt herself orgasm.
It was an alien sexual release that left her screaming for help. Her vagina
throbbed and began to contract in waves that felt like it was swallowing. Her
clitoris tingled and throbbed at a pace that was matched by her breasts. Hor
horrific labia lips also tingled and throbbed as her orgasm wracked her body.
Her vagina began spewing lubricant - girl cum and her panties became saturated.

With their food source now delivering their sustenance the panties now gorged on
Simeon's cunt while she just collapsed in a hysterical and deeply shocked mess.
She was watching the panties writhe over her vulva, felt their touch and their
movement while they fed off this organ they had caused to grow between her legs.
As she cried in frustration the door opened and the Vulvoid 'boss' girl Lisa
walked in...

Lisa looked at Simeon then cast her eyes to the dead Yasharov. "Sorry about your
friend - now come with me, we have work to do... tomorrow a group of us are
going to visit a group of 16 year old boys from the local school who are camping
upstate... By tomorrow night we should have 16 more girls in our team!' Lisa
said. Lisa locked eyes with Simeon... Strangely she then grabbed her cunt and a
breast and screamed "No!!!! I cant... Please!!! Enough of ruining lives!!! I
hate you... You fucking breast brains and these foul parasite panties!!! I hate
this fucking horrendous hole between my legs... Ahhhh!!!! Please dont force me
any more... No!!!...' She shuddered and then stood errect 'Just a small word
from my host! So co-operative sometimes and sometimes so silly... She should
learn to enjoy her Vagina... The orgasms are terrific!!' She said - obviously
under the control of her breast brains. The she walked away.... Simeon felt the
electric sensation of body control and found herself standing wnd walking,
experience the strange emptyness of a vulva and the massive weight of her new
breast brains. Crying yet powerless she walked out the door to become a girl
slave and sex-changer....

  

************************

Simeon walked through the facility following Lisa. At one point the passed a
room and Lisa said 'come here and see what your breasts will do if you keep
disobeying them!' Simeon followed Lisa into a bedroom in which one of the
Vulvoid girls sat on her bed looking scared.

'You have been trying to send a message out via email!' Lisa accused the girl

'No... I...' she stammered in reply

'Dont even try to lie! your breasts will tell me the truth! Your actions could
have exposed us! Breasts.... please tell me what happened'

The girl looked stunned as her nipples engorged and she said 'Yes - my host did
try to send an email to the Pentagon... The content said that she had been taken
over as a Vulvoid and that the experiment was now out of control. It also begged
for help to change her back' the girl said then broke down crying as the nipples
returned to normal, now under her own control.

'You will never endanger us like this again... You need to be punished! Fist
yourself now!' Lisa yelled whilst her own nipples were startlingly errect and
misting the breast spray.

The girl looked shocked and started crying out 'No please!!! dont make me do
that!!! Noooo!!!!' But just as surely as before, her own breasts took control
and she pulled her panties to her knees. She spread her legs and stared at her
bald vulva between her legs. Her hand moved to her cunt and began to feel it,
caress it and rub up and down the slit. It was almost like masturbating yet
after about 20 seconds she slid a finger into her vagina. The girl winced... She
then pushed in another finger and then another. Her labia lips were quite
tightly stretched around her fingers, yet her breast brains insisted that she
take it further. She pushed her hand further and slipped her last finger and
thumb into a now widely distended vagina. It was shocking to look at - the girl
was crying and wailing as she pushed her hand further inside. Finally with her
hand burried up to her wrist she was finished. She screamed out and we all
stared at her gaping girl-mouth that contained her hand. Her labia were
stretched to the point of extreme pain and hurt and god only knew what her
vagina felt like. Her other hand made for her tiny clitoris and she began a
bizarre masturbation. When she came she pulled her fist out and her vagina was
so widely stretched that it took almost a minute to close up - during which we
could all see deep inside her vaginal passage that burried itself in her body.
With the girl crying uncontrollably Lisa ordered me from the room.

Simeon had no idea what the future held, but as she walked down the corridoor to
her new room her panties squeezed her vulva as if to assert their ownership. She
cast her gaze down, past her obscenely ripe and intelligent breasts and to her
triangular and curvaceous pubic mound. All she could do was quietly cry as she
began to realize what the future held....

To be continued!




The head Vulvoid Lisa was perhaps the most tortured of all the hosts. She was
unable to prevent her body being used by her breast brains as the Vulvoid built
their numbers. Her breasts latest plan was cruel in the extreme in that it
involved 'attacking' a group of teenage boys (and their lone teacher) who were
camping in a nearby forest. She had specifically chosen to convert these
teenagers, most of whom were around 16 years old, because she wanted to create a
'hive' in a nearby beachside town. The idea was to have young Vulvoid girls at
the beach, seducing the young men on summer-break, taking them back to a house
for sexchange. To do this she needed girls who were young enough to appeal to
these young men. The nubile young bodies that the changed 16 year old boys would
develop would be irresistable she concluded.

She directed about 12 of the Vulvoid girls to one of the buses and instructed
them to enslave all the boys and bring them back. Under cover of darkness, at
about 8pm, the bus left and drove the Vulvoid girls to the edge of the wood
where they knew the boys were camped.

The campers numbered 12 teenage boys, one teacher of 32 and his 13 year old son.
The Vulvoid girls left the bus and quietly moved through the wood to the camp,
where all the boys seemed to be already in their tents preparing for sleep. Upon
seeing the shadows of the boys in their tents, most of the Vulvoid girls
experienced instant breast control and felt their panties latch onto their
groins and being engorgement. It was an unbelievable sight as the girls were all
forced to sit in the bushes and watch in silence as they were raped and
impregnated.

Some time later the girls felt their birthing contractions and began to move
through the camp. Two Vulvoid girls approached each tent then, on some signal,
they suddenly opened the tents and went inside. The boys and the teacher were
surprised and thought they had just 'gotten lucky' - until they got
breast-sprayed. They then watched in disbelief as these girls gave birth to
living panties which they then put on the helpless and terrified victims. Ten
minutes later, every single pair of living panties was throbbing between the
legs of their new hosts and their bodies were awash with the X-Virus. They began
their horrendous sex changes....

The teacher's son was about 13 and had been out on a walk, alone and unaware of
the Vulvoid attack on their camp. As he walked closer to the camp site he began
to hear the whimpering and screetches of the boys enduring their sexchange.
Peering through the trees he saw an unbelievable sight - bare breasted girls,
about 12 of them, standing and sitting watching the boys of the camp writhe on
the ground. The girls all wore light blue panties only and bizarely so did the
boys. The boy, sam, noticed that the boys panties were all moving - beating like
hearts between their legs and then he noticed something more terrifying: some of
the boys had grown breasts!

Immediately he thought of his father, the teacher, and began to panic. He
slipped through the bushes and saw his father's tent. The dim twilight meant
that his father's shadow was clearly visible in the fabric of the tent, and what
he saw made his blood run cold. His father's shadow had breasts and was lying
down with hips raised, shaking violently and clearly also with the beating
panties between his legs. Sam crept to the tent and pulled the entry flap aside.
His father's wide, terrified eyes met his and his father screamed 'Help me! I'm
becoming a girl!!! Ohhhhh! Please sam! These panties!!!! Noooo!!! Get them off
me!!!!'. Sam moved desperately to his father and tried to pull the panties off,
but could not. He could see his father was no longer male, his penis was gone,
and each contraction of the panties revealed more change.

'I cant control my body!!! No!!!!!!! Oh god I'm growing a vagina!!! Please no!!!
No!!! Nooooooo!!!!!!' his father screamed whilst a slit clearly cleaved his
groin and the muscular vaginal passage bored inside his abdominal cavity. Sam
was in shock and did not notice the approach of one of the attacking Vulvoid
girls who intended to check on the transofrmation of the teacher, Sam's dad. She
pulled the tent flap aside and saw Sam watching his father's last moments of
transformation. Sam turned, startled, to see a spray of breast mist assail him.
Like his dad he lost body control and slid to the floor, unable to move.

One of the Vulvoid girls outside yelled out that they needed to start to move
back to the bus. Sam's dad, now a girl, was ordered to pick up his son and take
him to the bus. His former father began to object then screamed and shuddered,
grabbing the newly formed breasts on her chest and then robotically complied.
Outside there were girls and almost-girls everywhere. Most of the boys from the
school had completed their transformation and many were enduring the horror of
their first female masturbation and ejaculation. Others had their panties at
their knees and were staring at or touching their new vulvas with undisguised
hate and fear. Sam was quietly crying, terrified that he would be next.

Back at the bus, one of the new girls was ordered to 'take care of the boy'.
What this meant was that, forced by her new intelligent breasts, the former boy
experienced her symbiot panties rape her new cunt. Sam watched the sobbing
former boy for the terrible 30 minutes that it took for the larval panties to
grow in the new girl's womb. The new girl was babbling incoherently about how
flat and invasive her cunt felt and how her breasts were 'taking over her body'.
As she did this she took Sams clothes off and lay sam on the floor of the bus,
she began to pant and cry then shake and wail as she experienced birth for the
first time. She thrust her perfectly female vulva in Sam's face and sam saw her
vaginal conractions directly. Her whole vulva pushed forward, as if something
was trying to escape, then he saw the labia lips split apart as an object was
forced from inside through the terrified girl's new sex organ.

The panties spilled from her cunt in a clear sac which was ruptured by the
sobbing girl. The panties placed on Sam soon began to engorge then pulsate as
they began their sexchange of the helpless young boy. Sam's sexchange was
horrific, yet he did not grow breasts like the other girls, and at the end of it
he was physically a 12 year old girl with a flat chest and a completely female
groin. In the absence of breast brains, her body was not controlled and
consequently Sam was able to freely move. She hated her girl's body nonetheless
and the demasculated feeling of her vulva. She even risked rubbing her slit and
inserting a finger in her new vagina - it was a nightmare. She was devestated
and horrified. She tried to talk to her former dad, but breast control seemed to
prevent her former dad from responding.

Upon returning to the Lab, the bus was met by the Vulvoid head, Lisa, who
inspected each of the new girls as they disembarked. When Sam was taken off the
bus, still slightly hysterical, Lisa was concerned to know that Sam had not
grown breast brains and had full control of her body. She ordered Sam to be
placed in confinement whilst her situation was investegated.

Sam was taken to a room and locked in. She refused to wear her 'filthy vulvoid
panties' and point-blank refused to masturbate to feed them. Although she had,
on several occastions, been held down whilst forcibly masturbated, she put up
such a fight that it was hardly worth the effort. Several days had passed since
the panties had been fed and they were getting desperate. Lisa has Sam brought
into a lab room and had her held down on a table whilst Sam's vulvoid panties
were brought to her and rubbed over Sam's vulva. The panties writhed over her
skin, their cilla-like 'looped-elastic' edges propelling them as they sought our
her sex fluids. They slithered over her clitoris and cupped her girl-mouth,
squeezing her labia. The panties themselves pushed her lips apart and began
rubbing her clitoras. She felt it swell and she screamed at the hateful, alien
sensation. Sam was so terrified that she passed out. It was then that Lisa saw a
very intriguing thing - Sam's panties seemed to sense that they were not going
to be fed, so they writhed over Sams vulva, pushing apart her cunt lips and
writhing into her vagina. They wriggled and slithered inside the unconcious Sam,
up her vagina and into her womb where they drew sustenance and waited....

Whe Sam woke up she was back in her room, nude and without her panties. Although
she was mostly confined to her room, she was still mystified as to what had
happened to her panties. Above all else, despite hating her girl's body, she was
so releived to not be controlled by a pair of intelligent breasts. How it would
feel to have a separate intelligence taking residence in your body in the form
of ripe and heavy breasts? An intelligence that was deeply sexual and female,
that showed no mercy for the happless former male whose body they had stolen. It
was beyond comprehension...

Lisa ordered an investigation into Sam's lack of breasts and the Scientifically
inclined Vulvoid girls were made to find out. They started by trying to
understand what Vulvoid breasts actually were anatomically comprised of. One of
the dead Vulvoid girls was autopsied, and Lisa was watching. The breasts, it
turned out, looked very brain-like when sectioned and had large nerve bundles
emerging from their rear that snaked through the chest cavity and wrapped around
and through the spinal column around the brain stem. Lisa grabbed her breasts
and the back of her neck as she imagined the horrendous brain that was also
wired into her nervous system. As if sensing this, and wishing to prove control,
Lisa was made to massage her cunt and masturbate whilst she observed the breast
brain of the dead vulvoid girl. Whe she came, she experienced a huge squirt of
vaginal lubricant gush and spurt in time with her vaginal contractions,
saturating her living panties which then gorged themselves on the juices.

The conclusion of the research was that Sam had not grown breasts because he was
pre-pubescent when 'taken' by the vulvoid panties. It was concluded that Sam
would probably grow fully functional and fully sentient breasts when puberty
kicked in. Sam was trapped in a body that was going to experience the most
unimaginable puberty - complete loss of control and the emergence of another
controlling intelligence in two weighty mounds on her chest - the only unknown
was when. Lisa decided to not tell Sam of this finding.

......
Months past while Sam lived as a virtual prisoner at the facility. She was
allowed to roam, in the company of a Vulvoid guard, but hated seeing the
tortured faces of the forcibly controlled full vulvoid girls. She saw many acts
of degrading forced masturbation, vulvoid panty feeding and several shocking sex
changes. Often she would shudder at the thought of those horrific living panties
that the others were made to wear, and she frequently touched her chest for
reassurance that no breasts lived upon her. As the months past, she found that
she became sexually more and more frustrated - hating her body, yet needing some
kind of release, she even masturbated a few times. She hated touching her slit
and the place where her penis used to be - yet she still had orgasms and they
were alien but good. Touching her clitoris she would re-live the sensation of
her penis shrinking and shrinking, till it actually moved inside her - becoming
the pea sized organ nestled at the start of her vulva.

As the months stretched she noticed that her rare (and hated) orgasms were more
and more 'messy' when she came. She noticed a wetness in her slit and her vagina
when she became aroused. Although she did not know this at the time, her body
was now producing a whole lot more estrogen - her puberty had begun. Whilst most
girls at this age might have been nervous about the prospect of growing breasts
- forever changing their anatomy - Sam was terrified because Vulvoid breasts
were so much worse...

One morning she was having a shower and she was washing her chest when she
noticed that her nipples were sore - in fact they were more than sore, they were
actually slightly bigger. She screamed in shock and demanded to see the doctor.
Tests confirmed she was experiencing the start of puberty.

The next day Sam woke up with definite breast buds. She screamed and demanded to
have them 'cut off her body' - a request that obviously was denied. She became
frantic - desperate to prevent her breasts from growing. She waited until after
breakfast then dressed in one of the school uniforms that many of the Vulvoids
wore. She slipped out front and managed to escape, running to the road and
hoping to flag down a car. As it happened the local town doctor was driving past
and saw the frantically waving girl. She got in the car and began babbling
'science fiction' to the doctor.

'Please help me!!!! I have been turned into a girl and I am starting to grow
breasts! If they are allowed to grow, they will control me! They will be like
brains on my chest! I dont want to be a vulvoid girl!!! Please doctor - you have
to cut these breast buds off!!' she screamed.

Needless to saw the doctor was somewhat amazed and disbelieving. It was
after-hours, so the doctor agreed to examine the girl at his home practice. Sam
screamed suddenly as she felt her breast buds begin to inflate. They were
growing before her eyes. By the time they got to the doctor's house they were
about the size of small half-mandarins each. Sam felt an alarming electrical
tingling in her body. She screamed and begged the doctor to hurry up. They left
the car and made their way to the door. Sam could already feel some weight in
her growing breasts and was terrified they might be intelligent breasts that
were forming.

Sam screamed at the doctor to hurry up. They half-ran to his practice room and
sam quickly tooker her clothes off. She almost fainted when she saw her breasts,
now the size of small half-oranges. 'Get them off me!!! Please!!! God!!! I dont
want to be controlled by them!!! Please!!!!' Sam screamed.

The doctor looked dumbstruck and asked Sam to lie down. She lay, shaking on the
bed while the doctor got his stethescope out and gasped as he and the terrified
Sam witnessed a violent enlargement of Sam's breasts while they watched. Sam
began to feel an unbelievably horrific sensation - the growth of the
breast-brain nerve fibres from the back of her new breasts. She grabbed and
squeezed her breasts, desperately trying to stop their growth, but it was too
little-too late.

"Cut them!!! Please, now!!! Cut.... Ahhhhhh!!!!!! Noooooo!!!!!" She screamed
hysterically to the doctor as she felt the nerve fibres wrap around her spinal
cord and push up to her brain stem. She felt the tingling horror as she lost
control of her body. It took less than 3 minutes for her breasts to assert full
control whilst Sam could do little but cry and whimper.

When she thought the worst of the horror was over she felt another shocking
sensation. Her vagina spasmed in contraction. She could feel something deep
inside her begin to move and she could sense the passage of something down her
vaginal passage! Her nipples were widely engorged and she could do nothing to
prevent her legs spreading widely apart. She stared at her vulva slit, it pushed
forward as the escaping object pushed towards her vaginal entrance. The doctor
was speechless. Suddenly the pressure of the birthing object caused Sam's labia
to split apart and Sam screamed when she saw a light blue object wriggling as it
slithered out of her hated female passage. She knew instantly that these were
the very panties that had changed her into a girl in the first place! All those
months they had been living inside her, in her womb! Now that she had become a
full vulvoid, they took their place as a Symbiot to feed upon and reproduce
using Sam's cunt!

She was unable to prevent her breasts controlling her body utterly. She took the
writhing panties and pulled them up her legs until they cupped her vulva. She
screamed in horror as her body swung towards the doctor and she was helpless to
prevent her breasts thrust towards the horrified doctor, spraying him with
breast mist, immobilizing him.

Her trembling hand grabbed her panty-clad cunt and she was forced to masturbate
in her panties for the first time. It was a sexual nightmare which only got
worse when she finally came - her vagina spasmed deeply and the throbbing
contractions caused a virtual erruption of vaginal lubricant when she came. Her
panties saturating and her panties lapping up and absorbing the fluid like a
dehydrated person finding an oasis.

Sam hated being just a girl, but being a Vulvoid was a whole other level of
hate. The sheer weight and size of her breasts, their sexual intelligence and
her helplessness, the horrific living panties that constantly touched her vulva.
She hated the flat sensation of her cunt, she hated the sensation of her cunt
lips pulling apart as she spread her legs. She hated looking down and seeing a
triangular flatness between her legs where she used to have a penis bulge. She
hated seeing the 'camel toe' cleft of her labia indent into her panties...

But of all the things she hated, nothing compared with her next experience as
she was raped by her living panties and experienced the painful and shockingly
real birth of her first victim's panties....

To be continued.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Lisa James


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





