BDSM Library - She's the Boss




She's the Boss
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A woman takes control over a mans life for her amusement.
She's the Boss

I'm not sure when I lost control over my life, it just happened.  My wife is a
very beautiful & sexy woman.  She has tits that are just slightly too big, a
small ass, and honey blonde hair.  I fell in love with her at first site.  We've
been married for five years and I can still remember the first night we met.  I
get hard and almost cum in pants just thinking about it.  She and a friend got
stranded at a party where I offered them a ride. 

From the first time she sat in my car she took control.  She put the radio to
what she wanted, ordered me to stop and get them some beer, and then told me
they was going back to my place because they wanted to party and didn't want the
police to show up at there place.

Stupidly I went along because I was too dumbfounded by her & her friend's sex
appeal to care.  Once we got to my house we went in where she told me to sit on
the couch and wait while they checked the place out.  Due to luck I inherited
quite a bit of money, and I made some lucky investments.  Money really isn't an
issue.  They were impressed with my house and then one sat on either side of me.

I found out my wife to be was named Jessie and her friend was Angel.  They put a
hand on my knee's and as sexy as they could they giggled and ask me what I
thought was going to happen next.  I stumbled out that I hope I would be able to
make love to them both.

In unison they started to unbutton their blouses until the tops of their lacy
bras could be seen.  The firm white flesh of their boobs looked good enough to
eat.  They told me to stand in front of them and strip, like a stripper in a
cheap titty bar as they put it.  They put on some music and as I danced with
lust for these women I slowly undressed.  I was done as the song was over and
stood at attention nakedly in front of them. 

To my fear they busted out laughing and taunting me.  They said that they didn't
know cocks came that small, and asked me to stretch it out so they could see it. 
Mocking me with their pinky fingers and humiliating me turned me on more than I
would ever thought and my little dick was hard as a rock.  They called me a
little pervert for getting turned on by their jokes and my tiny bonner made them
laugh harder.

After a few minutes I was starting to get less turned on and was on the point of
tears, they ripped into me pretty hard with their words.  That was just the
beginning Angel got up behind me and pressed her body against my back.  Through
her shear tank top I could feel her breast, and on the back of my neck the
warmth of her breath drove me wild.  She reached around and stroked my cock to
hardness, she was giggling but I didn't care.  Hell a mercy hand job was better
than nothing.

Once I was as hard as I could get she started to squeeze my dick as hard as she
could and pushed it against my stomach leaving my balls completely exposed. 
Jessie in her spiked heals stood up and sashayed over to me and I was totally
not excepting what happened next.  I was on the verge of busting a nut,
something I never did in front of a woman that I didn't have to pay, and then
she drove her spiked heal into my nut sac.  Angel dropped me and my knees
buckled and the pain was unreal.  Tears were streaming out of my eyes as they
creamed their panties laughing. 

They just let me lie there as one got on the phone to invite some "friends" over
and the other got them beers and fired up a big fat joint.  I just laid there
cupping my balls. 

Jessie yanked me to my knees by the hair and told me that when their friends got
there I was to serve them drinks and entertain the group.   She then had me
kneel there with legs as far apart as they could get and Angel held my hands
behind my back.  Jessie's foot connected with my dick and nuts about ten times
in a row.  After she was done Angel let me go and I think I passed out from the
pain. 

The next thing I remember was the doorbell.  A group of about 10 women all but 2
were white, and 5 black guys showed up.  I was half dazed when Jessie pushed my
naked ass in the center of the room.  She announced to the crowd of people
laughing and hurling insults at me that I was to serve them however they wanted
and to kick off the party everybody should bitch slap the white boy.   One by
one the women came over and slapped my face.  When the men started some just
slugged me in the gut.

After a while I had served them all several drinks.  It felt odd to be the only
one naked so I was glad to hear the men wanted some of the girls to dance on the
table.  Jessie had me kneel by the table and told me to lay my dick up there.

I didn't quite understand at first, but once this hot blonde started to dance I
figured out why.  The men were calling her slut bitch, and married white
cocksucking whore.  All the while she kept stepping on my dick.  She started to
shred her clothes and her firm creamy tits were busting out of her bra.  She
started to finger her pussy and squatted with her legs spread for all to see her
fingers slip in and out of her cunt until she was sloppy wet.  Another girl
stuck her face in between the dancers' thighs.  It caught me off guard when she
stood up and stomped down on my cock.  I feel backwards.  The two girls and one
of the guys disappeared to fuck and suck each off to sleep.

The rest of the group followed suit and it was myself, 4 white women, and a
young 18 year old black stud.  He started by telling the women to bend over and
spread their asses apart.  They all followed the order very quickly.  One by one
he walked down the row of prime white pussy and shoved a finger up each of their
tight assholes.

They each moaned and thanked him for using their slutty cunts for his pleasure. 
He ordered me to stand in front of each on while he fucked their asses hard. 
While he was wrecking their rectums each one held onto my balls and squeezed
hard, the harder he fucked them silly the harder they were to lighting their
grips.  By the time he got to Jessie my nuts were black and blue.  I was crying
like a bitch and she just smiled and said I was her bitch for the rest of my
life.  I nodded in agreement.  Before he started he fucks her up the ass she
stood up and put her face up to mine.  She told me I had a little dick, but she
wanted my money.  I was to obey her command from here on out without question. 
I nodded sheepishly in agreement.  To show my devotion I was going to let her
move in and serve as her maid and driver.  I had no more privacy unless it was
to get me out of her way.  She was going to become my wife and we were to get
multi million dollar insurance policy on me.  My only sexual relief was to be at
my own hands, if she found out otherwise she was going to have me castrated.  I
was also going to take up smoking and a few other bad habits so I can provide
her a way to collect on the insurance.  I was her total slave by that point and
thanked her for her generosity.

I could feel her hand grasp my sac and squeezed and twisted I thought my eyes
was going to pop out before her man even stuck his dick in her.  After what
seemed like a half hour of his ass attack on my future wife he buried a deep
load in her bows.  She had came several times.  They ordered me to leave.  I
found the living room couch and feel asleep.  Everyone slept late the next day,
but I still had to serve and cook breakfast for them when they did wake up. 

That was my first night with Jessie and she has been my master every day since
then.

I thought she was going to let me have a little dignity on the day we got
married.  I mean my entire family was going to be there.  Cousins, uncles and
aunts, and even my Grandmother. 

She made no attempt to cover up her unfaithfulness.  When my aunt Lilly arrived
to help her get ready for the big event with her 18 and 16 year daughters my
wife to be was on her knees in front of some black dude with a 10 inch dick down
her throat. She just waved at them without missing a head bob and motioned for
them to have a seat. After she finished sucking him off she helped pick their
jaws off the floor.

I thought my aunt was going to let her have it. However she just barely spoke as
she said "That's the biggest dick I've ever seen." Her two daughters just
giggled as they said that they had black cock and that's about average for a
black man. I was crushed as Lilly just asked if she could touch it, and she did.

Anyway they helped her get dressed and Jessie invited Lilly to ride over with us
in the limo.  Of course, the limo service we used was owned by one of Jessie's
regulars so I wasn't surprised when the driver knocked on the door and he was
black.  He just pushed me aside and said how beautiful she looked, and how he
loved her hair and make-up.  Then he nudged me and said "Gotta tell those sluts
that to keep them happy.  Anit going to get a bitch to suck your dick right if
she doesn't think she looks pretty." Then they all laughed.

Before we left Jessie said there was just one more detail to take care of. 
"Jack off boy" was her order to me.  I just sheepishly grinned and said I can't
my aunt is standing right next to me.  I'm sure my face turned bright red
because the driver pointed it out. 

"Now Tom you heard the woman. Beside what did you think was going to happen she
was going to let you make love to her tonight?  Oh you were always the stupid
one."  Lilly was mocking me and she was right.  I unzip my fly and pulled out my
little manhood.  The driver spoke up and said "No she wanted the whole thing
out."  I turned another shade of red as I said "It is and I'm even stretching
it."

My fist was pumping up and down of my dick as I watched the driver and Jess make
out.  Lilly was just giggling.  I shot my wad and it landed on the floor, then
out of no where Lilly grabbed my dick and yanked my zipper up catching my poor
cock on the zipper. I let out a yell that could wake the dead.  Then Jessie
slapped me upside the head and let me know that they would be waiting for me to
drive them to the church as I cleaned the tears off my face and unzip by dick. I
heard Jessie telling Lilly that's how you make sure you get fucked right on your
honeymoon nite, make sure the white boy hubby has his dicked royally abused
before he says 'I do'.

When we arrived at the church my married aunt Lilly was wiping the drivers'
semen off her lips and smiling like the cat that swallowed the canary. Other
than the best man, her main man Josh, kissing the bride everything else seemed
normal.

The reception proved quite successful to her.  Everyone that was out on the
dance floor was one of her guest, who was all her regular black boyfriends and
their girlfriends as well as the white girlfriends and wives of my guest. They
was feeling them up all over the place.  My reception was about ready to become
one big interracial orgy with the white boyfriends and husbands watching.

I was glad that it didn't but far too many wives, girls, and women agreed to
come back to our place which is where the party was moving too.  Every black man
that showed up ended up with at least three women for him to sexually satisfy
however he saw fit to.

I was labeled the bitch and for the rest of the night I had to answer to whoever
called out bitch.  Some of white wives got a little to into calling a white guy
bitch. As they drank and smoked weed and drugs the guys argued over who was
going to pimp out which one of my slutty white relatives.

Some of the guys were into rough sex, and slapped a few of the women around. 
Their excuse was that if a woman came home with a black eye and bruised a black
man doesn't was to look at it, but if she was going home to a white boy who
cared.

After all the men were sucked and fucked to their lust was temporary satisfied
they wanted to make sure that the girls who were somehow connected to me was
going to finish stretching out their holes.  The women were each giving big
double ended dildos and fucked each out up the ass and pussy.  Whatever it took
to make sure that a white dick wouldn't even be able to be felt if it wa

They had to do this until the fist of their new pimp daddies could go in both
their asshole and pussy with no problem. Most of their thighs looked like glazed
donuts from their pussy juice.

It was now time to brand my new wife.  Not knowing what this meant I started to
ask.  I was cut off quickly and ordered to go upstairs and put my maid outfit on
but with no panties.  The staircase seemed way to short coming back, but I was
still unclear what was going to happen to my wife.  All the guest just stared
and laughed at me.  Some even had little comments to say.

They were all gathered in a half circle around my fireplace, which had a
branding iron in it, like what they used for cows.  My wife was completely naked
a bent over while some black guy just played with her pussy.

"Honey, these real men want to brand my ass I hope you don't mind."

"If that's what you want, but what is the branding going to say? And where is it
going to go"

"Black cock slut, and it goes on the ass."   A huge man said.

My wife then grabbed my head actually my hair and shoved my face in her pussy.

"Taste what you can never have.  Brand him men."

Two guys held me in that humiliating bent over position.  I tried to jump or get
away as I felt the iron getting closer to my soft white ass.  I was crying like
a baby before it was all over.  My wife then said that since her ass looked so
good she her man didn't want her to ruin it.  He liked to use it too much, and
who would care about my ass?




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  John Smith


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





